Painless
By Derek Ciccone

Published by Derek Ciccone at Smashwords
Copyright  2010 Derek Ciccone

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 

To join mailing list click here 

Feedback appreciated at:
Facebook: Derek Ciccone Book Club  
Twitter: @DCicconeBooks
Email: derekbkclb@yahoo.com

Books by Derek Ciccone
Featuring JP Warner (in order)
Officer Jones
Huddled Masses
Psycho Hill (Coming Soon!)

Stand Alone
Painless
The Trials of Max Q
The Truant Officer
The Heritage Paper
The Jack Hammer
Kristmas Collins

This book is a work of fiction. Places, events, and situations in this book are purely fictional and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is coincidental

******


Part One  
Princess Carolyn

Chapter One
Mitchell Jones Labor Day wouldnt be filled with parades or barbecues, and he didnt get the day off from work. He was thousands of miles from home, sitting quietly at a kitchen table in a small house in Malmo, a city on the southern coast of Sweden. 
His assassin-like stillness was only occasionally interrupted to check his watch, or dispassionately stroke his long, graying beard. The beard, along with his wiry frame and dark, vacant eyes, gave him a resemblance to a certain infamous terrorist. This made flying commercial virtually impossible. But luckily for his job with Operation Anesthesia, transportation was a much more private affair.
As Sunday night slowly morphed into Monday morning, he patiently read his favorite authorHerbert Spencerwhile waiting for the Lerner family to return from the United States. The news that the Lerners received from the US doctors was no doubt life-altering, but little did they know that he was about to really change their lives forever. 
Based on eighteen years of experience, he didnt expect a confrontation. He knew the Lerners minds would be too cluttered to notice the obvious signs that someone had broken into their home, such as the left-on lights, or the lingering odor from his chain-smoking. But if an altercation did occur, he was under direct orders to take everyone alive. 
This went against Jones natural instinct to shoot first and ask questions later, a philosophy that got him fired from his old job at the CIA. But Operation Anesthesia didnt see it as a black mark on his rsum. In fact, it was the reason theyd sought him out those many years ago. 
He took an extended drag on his cigarette, attempting to relieve some of the pain that was a souvenir from a recent mission in Iran. A mission that went awry, to say the least. Sixty percent of his torso was burned in the helicopter crashthe cigarette didnt serve as a very good anesthetic. 
Not even the best spin-doctor could heal the colossal failure of Iran. Any mission where you are presumed dead, and thats the good news, was not one for the time capsule. But thanks to Jones survival instincts, he and his boss, Franklin Stipe, were preparing a dramatic rise from the dead. A resurrection in which Stipe would likely portray himself as the brave hero, leaving out the part where Jones guided him to safety, allowing him to avoid the cruel fate of the others they left behind. 
But he smiled anyway, exposing his cigarette-stained teeth. He knew Stipe wouldnt be in power much longer. It was dictated by the laws of nature, or what Spencer so brilliantly termed the survival of the fittesta concept wrongly credited to Darwin and his theories of evolution. Herbert Spencer coined the phrase in his 1864 masterpiece, Principles of Biology. 
In it, Spencer warned that humanitarian impulses had to be resisted, as nothing should be allowed to interfere with natures laws. This is where Jones differed from Stipe, who sought useless elements such as glory, acceptance, and credit. As did the culture of modern America, which embraced concepts like love, happiness, and religion. It chipped away at its inherent survival skills, softening the society, and making it a target for its predators. But of course, that was the reason Operation Anesthesia was created in the first place. 

The front door creaked open and a weary family entered, with two-and-a-half-year-old Petr sleeping in his mothers arms. Their bright blond hair didnt appear to be dimmed by the life-changing news theyd received on their trip, but each step they took was marked with exhaustion. Jones was sure the physical fatigue didnt even compare to the mental strain of trying to grasp Petrs diagnosis.
Upon reaching the kitchen, they were met by Mitchell Jones and his 9mm Glock. He coldly explained to the Lerners that their trip had just begun and it would be in their best interest to quietly cooperate. The father declined the offer, shouting, Aldrig i helveteno way in helland Jones could kiss his behind, Kyss mig i arslet.
Jones went right for his weak spot, knowing a little Swedish of his own. Jagt skar av dina ballar om du inte haller kaft, he calmly threatened to remove the mans testicles. 
The man stood down.
Predictable.
He knew the mother would be a tougher challenge. They always were. When it came to their children they were true survivalists, willing to fight to the death. So he went with a pre-emptive attackthreatening to kill Petr.
She cooperated.
There would be no need to bind and gag them. He used a concoction created for Operation Anesthesia by one of the worlds leading neurologists, which would temporarily paralyze the body, including voice. And when Jones expertly injected each of the family members with a syringe containing the paralyzing drug, it didnt surprise him that young Petr didnt wake, or even flinch. 
He effortlessly loaded the drugged family into the rented SUV that hed parked two houses down on the quiet street. He then drove out of Malmo, over the modern Oresund Bridge, and into Denmark. In Copenhagen, a private plane waited to take them to the home base of Operation Anesthesia. It would be the Lerners home for the rest of their lives. 
It was the end of the road.


Chapter 2

It was the end of the road for Billy Harper, both literally and figuratively. From the literal standpoint, the end of the road was a well-groomed cul-de-sac in New Canaan, Connecticut, with stately mansions staring back at him. The figurative was much more complex and hurtful.
His old high school football coach used to drill into his head that you should never look back because someone might be gaining on you. And whenever Billy glanced into his rear-view mirror, what he always saw gaining on him was his past. But ironically, as he looked through the front windshield at the children playing on the lush lawns, his past was straight ahead, mocking him, and the pain began to rumble.
He gathered his emotions as best he could and drove his Jeep Cherokee down a dirt driveway, which was hidden between two majestic mansions that anchored the cul-de-sac. 
The Cherokee was a lot like himit wasnt that old, and still looked pretty good on the outside, but had a lot of hard miles on it, and had the potential to break down at any moment. He bounced along the strip of gravel, kicking up dust and rocks, and rattling his few remaining possessions that were strewn throughout the vehicle. Billy glanced into the rear-view mirror and saw the cul-de-sac disappear from view.
The gravel turned to pavement as he pulled to a stop in front of an arch-shaped, red barn, typical of the New England countryside. A large silo stood next to it like an overprotective big brother. A sign welcomed him to Bevelyn Farmshis new home.
Billy stepped out of his vehicle and into a sun-drenched afternoona record high temperature for the tenth of September. In a dramatic twist from the morning rain showers, the sky now looked like Monet had brush-stroked it with oranges and reds, and the smells of Saturday afternoon barbecues filled the air. It was as if the once-dreary day was given a fresh start. Billy took a deep breath, before heading toward what he hoped would be his own fresh start.
He passed an 800-series black BMW, confirming that this place might be just a bit out of his price range. He still wasnt sure why they had rented the cottage to him at such a bargain cost. Just rich people doing some charity work, he guessed. 
Chuck Whitcomb answered the door, wearing a Speak Slow I Only Speak Canadian T-shirt and mesh baseball hat. Standing almost six-foot-two, Billy didnt have to gaze upward to look many people in the eye, but Chuck was an easy six-six. He reminded Billy of many of the people he encountered growing up in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Honest working-class folks who slaved in the local mill all week so that they could spend their Friday night cheering-on Billy Harper, the local hero of the moment. Billy was surprised when hed first met Chuckbased on the ritzy neighborhood, hed expected someone more resembling his former in-laws. 
Chuck greeted Billy enthusiastically and led him into the barn, which actually had been converted into an exquisite home. Billy was just as impressed as he was last Monday, Labor Day, when he came to view the guest cottage the Whitcombs were renting.
He trailed Chuck into an expansive open area. The interior was dominated by heavy, honey colored timber. Large wood beams shot horizontally across the room, giving it a secure feel. A cathedral ceiling soared up two stories, arching at the top. To his left, a spiral staircase led to a second floor overhang that reminded Billy of a balcony in an old-time movie theater. On his right was an elaborately decorated, but comfortable looking living room area that featured a large fieldstone fireplace.
Carolyns upstairs with a little fever and Beth is setting up for the birthday party tomorrow. So itll be just you and me, Chuck said as he pulled Billy toward the kitchen.
Billy nodded hesitantly, still expecting Chuck to come to his senses about renting him the cottage.
The country-style kitchen was an impressive blend of wide-beamed wood flooring and whitewashed wood trim. An adjacent breakfast nook ushered in streams of powerful sunlight through oversized windows, which reflected off a cluster of copper pots and pans that hung over an island stove.
Beth Whitcomb stood at the kitchen sink washing a plastic cereal bowl. She was in her mid-twenties, about ten years Chucks junior. Her strawberry blonde hair was cut into a simple bob with box layers, and light freckles dotted her fair skin. She wore a flowered sundress filled with pinks and greens, but while the dress was soft and breezy, her demeanor was anything but carefree. 
Chuck walked to his wife and hunched downward to give her a kiss on the cheek. Hows my girl?
She surprised with a smile. Do you mean me or Carolyn?
I know how amazing you arehows she doing?
Fevers downtaking a nap upstairs.
Chuck pulled out two perspiring bottles from the refrigerator, receiving a dirty look from Beth. At first glance, they made for quite an odd couple. Chuck was the affable working-class man, while Beth was the icy heiress to the Boulanger Kingdom. But then Billy recalled where hed seen this story before, and felt a sour taste in his mouth.
Beer, eh? he offered in his Canadian twang, and Billy accepted the bottle of Kleins. Noticing the label, he almost laughed out loud at the ironyhe just couldnt escape from the past. 
He twisted off the top and took a swig, washing away that sour taste. As he did, he could feel Beths glare on the back of his neck. When they met last week, her first words to him were, When I pictured who my sister would send to look at the cottage, you are exactly what I imagined.
Whats that? Billy had asked.
The good looking, T-shirt and jeans type. The wavy hair, the charming smile, and oh, Dana loves a cute dimple.
Billy touched his dimpled chin, briefly impressed with himself, before noticing Chucks slumping body language, indicating that he was about to take a punch-line across the nose.
But of course there is the other side to Danas men, Beth continued.
Her men? Shes my agent, not my girlfriend. I think you have the wrong idea. 
Beth rolled her eyes, as if to say shed seen this movie before. Danas men are always starving artists who end up living off of her like parasites. They also just got out of some complicated relationship, and have a fifty-fifty shot of having a drinking problem. 
It was obvious to Billy that she wouldnt rent him the cottage at gunpoint, even if he could afford it, which he clearly couldnt. So he decided he was done being shit on.
Divorce became official about a year ago. I do have a job at the Shoreline Times here in New Canaan, which Dana got for me, although I dont have the four thousand a month youre asking for rent, not even close. And lastly, I dont have a drinking problem. I happen to like drinkingits not a problem! 
At that point it wouldve taken a miracle from above for him to be moving in six days later. And thats exactly what happened.
A sudden thunder boomed through the air, and cascaded down from the balcony overhang. Billy looked up to witness a small girl running down the stairs like a precocious barrel of energy. As she did, she let out an innocent giggle that bounced off the acoustics. She wore a denim dress with butterflies embroidered on it, and her tiny sandals looked as if theyd fly off her feet as she excitedly bounced down the stairs.
The first thing Billy noticed was her eyestwo big saucers of hazel. Her brown hair was in double ponytails that jutted from both sides of her head. Her apple cheeks resonated with joy. When she reached the bottom, her eyes locked on Billy and her face scrunched, seemingly in deep thought.
They stared at each other for a long moment, before she finally asked, Who are you? She spoke with a slightly muffled lisp, and when she opened her mouth, exposing her tongue, Billy understood why.
Im Billy, whats your name?
She stuck her chest out proudly and stated, Im Carolyn Whitcomb, but you can call me Princess. 
There was nothing pretentious about the statement. It reminded Billy of an innocence he once knew. Their bond was instant, and the princess would eventually cast the deciding vote as to whether Billy would be offered the cottage. Or at least thats the way that Chuck had portrayed it to him.
Even with a few days to ponder it over, the decision still baffled him. Not just because he couldnt afford the rent, but part of his rental agreement was that he would care for Carolyn during the day. By the looks of things, the Whitcombs could afford a team of nannies, but that still wasnt it. What he found most odd was that they never asked him the basic background questionsthe ones about being arrested for a violent crimethat would have ruled him out of any such responsibility.
Now less than a week later, he was preparing to move in.
Thunder once again crackled from above, and in a repeat performance from his previous visit, Carolyn scampered down the stairs, her voice booming off the acoustics, Billydid you come to play with me!?
Chuck impeded his daughters dash, swooping her into his arms. Billy is moving into the cottage today, princess. 
Can I help? 
Are you feeling better?
Yes.
Tell Billy how old youre going to be tomorrow.
She flashed the three most inner fingers on her small hand, and then took attendance. Upon discovering she missed one, she manually raised her pinky finger. Im gonna be foe.
Billy smiled to match hers. Four? And not even one gray hair?
She laughed. Youre silly.
Still holding her in his huge arms, Chuck planted his face into hers. And not even one wrinkle.
Thats cuz I wear sunblock so the ubee rays dont get me! she exclaimed, her voice climbing octaves in a scale-like cadence: do-ra-mi-fa-so.
Beth walked to her daughter, all business, and placed the palm of her hand on her forehead. Fevers gone, she announced to Chuck.
He nodded, as if it were the expected conclusion.
Can I help Billy move in, Mom, can I? Carolyn pleaded.
Her mother refused at first, but Carolyn once again proved to be a tough negotiator. It seemed that she truly was a princess, and always got her way in the end.


Chapter 3

With Carolyns birthday party planned for Sunday, and Chuck scheduled to leave for a hunting trip Monday morning, Saturday was the logical day for Billy to move into the cottage.
Chuck assumed the role of muscle, while Beth spent most of her time scurrying around the yard setting up for the party. But she did find time to neurotically check on Carolyn every fifteen minutes.
Look, MomIm the momback, Carolyn said to Beth as she approached once again. Carolyn returned her attention back to Billy, who was slowly backing up the Cherokee to the front of the cottage. She started waving her arm like she was directing traffic.
The momback? her mother inquired.
I wave to Billy to tell him if there is enough room to back up and say momback  momback!
Chuck grinned, which received a stern look from his wife. I hope youre watching her, she warned.
He nodded away his grin.
Carolyn, wearing a backwards baseball cap and a white T-shirt saluting the fictional minor league hockey team, the Charlestown Chiefs, suddenly threw up her hands and shouted, Stop Billy!
Not completely trusting the soon-to-be four-year-old, he sought out a second opinion from Chuck, who confirmed his daughters diagnosis. Billy threw the truck into park and hopped out. He slapped Carolyn five and she flashed him a toothless grin. It exposed the grisly, stitched tongue hed noticed during his initial visit. 
Carolyn moved to her mother, who first inspected her arms, and then under her shirt. 
Shes checking me for the lime, Carolyn explained to Billy.
The response didnt clear it up.
Actually, Im checking for ticks so she doesnt get Lyme disease, Beth clarified, and then checked for a fever by pressing her palm to Carolyns forehead.
Maybe you can put her in a bubble, Billy remarked snidely. 
Carolyn appeared excited about the ideamentioning her fondness for bubbles, whether it be blowing them or in a bathbut Beth seemed less than impressed, and stormed off without a word. He was not off to a great start with his new landlord. 
On the next trip, Billy and Chuck moved his mattress and bed frame. Carolyn asked to help them move the large items, looking for a promotion from the momback.
Princess, you carry the small stuff. Billy and I will get the heavy things, Chuck instructed.
She looked dejected, but remained defiant. Im a big girl.
I know you are. Carrying the little stuff is a big girl job.
After a moment of tense reflection, she appeared to accept her fate. She grabbed a pile of folders and manuscripts and marched them into the cottage. 
Billy and Chuck had just begun hooking the bed frame together when they heard Carolyn let out an ominous uh-oh! They looked up just in time to witness her crashing to the ground, Billys folders flying everywhere. 
Billy moved quickly to gather his belongings, but Chuck beat him to a photo of a youthful-looking Billy Harper decked out in a tuxedo at his college formal. His date, a radiant blonde in a black strapless gown, smiled at his side.
Is that your wife? Chuck asked, viewing the photo.
Ex-wife, Billy muttered, stashing it back into the folder.
Chuck didnt push it.
Whats an ex-wife? Carolyn asked.
Just grownup stuff, Chuck told her.
Im a big girl, she announced again. She seemed annoyed that the grownups werent catching on to the concept.
Chuck picked her up in his arms and kissed her on her Coppertone smelling cheek. A big girl would know not to run while shes carrying stuff.
Im sorry, Daddy. Her lip quivered as she laid it on thick. 
Chucks stern look melted like a snowman on the first day of spring. Another victory for the princess.


Chapter 4

In the late afternoon, the hungry movers took a break for lunch. Billy sat with Carolyn at an umbrella-covered table on a wooden roof-porch that was atop the cottage, watching Chuck grill deer meat from his last hunting trip. He went into great detail about how he defeated the deer in an epic one-on-one battle, leaving out the tiny detail that he possessed a high-powered shotgun and the deer was defenseless. It was reminiscent of when Billy tried to fight the Kleins, his former in-laws.
Chuck described the taste as gamey, which Billy soon learned was another word for pretty disgusting. Losing interest in the food, Billy took note of the extensive grounds of Bevelyn Farms. From their perch above the cottage, it was an impressive view.
Chuck explained that the main house had once been a milking barn for cows. And back when the farm was originally converted to dairy, this cottage was built to be an ice-house to store the milk, which was the reason for its thickly insulated walls and lack of windows. He went on to mention that when he and Beth moved in, the cottage still had an ice chute that jutted from what was now Billys loft bedroom. But they had it taken out when Carolyn began using it as a slide. 
Chuck went on to bemoan the fact that the seven-thousand square foot converted barn used over a thousand gallons of oil to heat it during the winter. Billy had trouble evoking sympathy for the filthy rich. Why is it called Bevelyn Farms? 
Beths grandmother, Beverly, was the owner. Years back, she left Beths grandfather for, he performed air-quotes with his hands, her good friend, Evelyn. They bought the farm with Beverlys divorce settlement, moved in together, and named it after themselves.
Billy smiled with surprise. Really?
Brokeback Mountain had nothing on Bevelyn Farms, he said with a hearty chuckle. When Beverly died last year, Evelyn decided she couldnt bear to live here without Beverly, so it was willed to Beth. We couldnt turn down a chance to raise Carolyn in a place like this.
Great Grannys going-away party is in two days, Carolyn exclaimed.
Billy was confused. I thought you said she died last year?
Chuck interjected, Beverlys wishes were to have her ashes tossed into the Long Island Sound within forty-eight hours of her death. But Evelyn refused to part with her, and hijacked her to Florida, where she now lives. It took a year of heavy negotiations to get her to finally hand over the urn, so the ceremony is slated for Monday.
But youll be on your hunting trip. 
Chuck smiled wryly. Funny how that worked out. But luckily youll be here to stand in for me.
Billy knew beggars couldnt be choosers, so he didnt quibble. Instead, he turned his attention to Carolyn. She couldnt eat solid food, so her lunch consisted of a bowl of barbecue sauce that she washed down with big gulps of strawberry milk. All Billy knew about the tongue injury was that it had something to do with the incident in which she was expelled from nursery school, creating the need for someone to watch her during the afternoons. 
Neither father nor daughter seemed to want to talk about it, but Billy finally had to ask, What happened to your tongue?
I bit itthey had to sew it back on, she casually stated.
You bit off your tongue? 
I tried to trick the other kids in school that I was Dracula, and pretended I was gonna suck their blood. So I made blood go down my chin. But then everybody got mad. She shrugged, looking perplexed. I was just havin fun.
Billy didnt know what to say. Biting off your tongue is fun? He was starting to understand why they offered him the babysitting gig with no questions askednobody mentioned that she might be a vampire!
She didnt seem to want to dwell on the incident, and skillfully changed the subject, Billy  last night  in my room  a big dragon was there. 
Wow, thats scary, he played along.
But he didnt know that fireflies were hiding under my bed and they got in a big fight!
The tale continued getting stranger, before Chuck stepped in. Carolynwhat did your mother and I tell you about fibbing?
Carolyn theatrically sighed. Im just not gonna apologize for havin a good imagination.
The men couldnt help but to laugh. Carolyn joined in, showing off her big toothless grin. But the gruesome tongue was still lurking in the shadows.
Chuck explained to Billy that Carolyn believed fireflies fought off dragons, and she made him help her collect them each night before going to bed.
Ill bet a girl with such a good imagination likes movies. Whats your favorite movie, Carolyn? Im guessing Frozen, Billy said.
She pointed proudly at her shirt. Slap Shot! she shouted, followed by a pretty good imitation of the eccentric, optically challenged Hanson Brothers, who played hockey enforcers in the movie. Put the foil on, coach. 
You watch that movie? Billy asked, surprised. Slap Shot was a 1970s cult-classic about a minor league hockey team called the Charlestown Chiefs, starring Paul Newman. Not exactly age appropriate.
Its my favoriteI love hockey! But dont worry, Billy, I cover my ears when they say the bad words, she said, putting her tiny hands over her ears.
He smiled. You play hockey?
I play, but Im not as good as my dad, she said in her excited do-ra-mi cadence.
You played professionally? he asked Chuck
He was a goony, Carolyn blurted.
A goony?
She put her little dukes up like she was ready to spar a few rounds with Ali.
Oh, like the enforcer, Billy caught on. The goons job description has always been to protect his teammates, often by use of force. With Chucks size, Billy was sure he performed well in the role.
Eighteen years in the minors and I have the aching joints to prove it, Chuck added proudly.
Billy was going to mention that he was once the star quarterback for Ohio State University, and the MVP of the Rose Bowl, but he doubted Chuck would believe him. And besides, it seemed like a different lifetime. He chose to remain quiet while Chuck quizzed his daughter on the important elements of life. 
Whats icing?
When one team hits the puck out of their own zone and it crosses two lines.
How many minutes do you get in the penalty box for high-sticking?
She stuck up two fingers like she was giving a peace sign.
Thats my girl, eh.


Chapter 5

As they moved the final items, the sun began to sink behind the wooded surroundings, turning the late afternoon into a Norman Rockwell painting. They first unloaded Billys computer stand and modest television. They saved the heavy bookcase for last.
Billy and Chuck were struggling to set up the computer when they heard the crash. Billy was under the stand with a flashlight, trying to find the right plug for the USB attachment. He dropped the flashlight and banged his head.
By the time he got outside, Chuck was already on the scene. There was no way to know why Carolyn tried to pull the bookcase off the back of the Cherokee by herself. There was also no way to know how she did it, but the rope used to secure it to the back of the truck was the probable culprit.
The bookcase rested fiendishly on top of her, only her small head was visible. Blood flowed like Niagara Falls. Most troubling was that there was no screamno sign of life. Billy stood motionless, staring at the bloody scene in front of him.
Chuck, kneeling by his daughters head, turned and shouted, Billy!
But he remained in a trance. They used to rave back in his quarterbacking days about how he always remained calm under the pressure. Cool as a cucumber, was the common term of praise. But right now Billy was cracking under the weight of the pressure like he was the one trapped under the heavy object.
Billycmon! Chuck shouted again.
The light suddenly went on and he sprung into action, sprinting to the accident scene and helping to lift the bookcase off the little girl.
Carolyn remained in a fetal position, the blood continuing to flow from her left temple, painting her once-white Charlestown Chiefs T-shirt a shade of crimson.
Chuck ripped off his shirt and held it over the gash. 
Billy was relieved to see her eyes open. She looked more stunned than anything else. Once it was determined that she was still in one piece, Chuck began the reprimanding. The parenting books might tell you to apply a calm approach, but it wasnt their daughter who was almost the lead story on the local news.
Once he made his point, he pulled her into his arms. As father and daughter embraced, Billy was drawn by a strange whats the big deal? look on her bloodied face. Billy ran into the cottage and retrieved a wet cloth. He quickly returned and dabbed it on her wound. When he touched the raw cut she didnt even flinch. 
Are you okay, princess? Chuck asked her as he inspected the wound.
Im better than the bookcase, she replied, viewing the multiple pieces that were strewn across the lawn like driftwood.
I thought I told you the heavy stuff was for grownups?
But I 
No buts, Carolyn, you need to listen to me, Chuck again turned stern.
I just wanted to help, she whimpered. Her face tensed, and then the tears began to flow.
What do you say to Billy? 
Im sorry about the bookcase, Billy, she sniffled.
Im just glad youre okay, Billy said and again dabbed her wound. Still no flinch. Didnt it hurt? he asked.
Carolyn looked up at him with a clueless daze, crocodile tears continuing to stream down her face.
Beth arrived in hysterics. She grabbed Carolyn away from Chuck and inspected her head. The gash wasnt pretty. A vein popped out of Beths forehead. What happened? 
I broke Billys bookcase, but Im gonna give him mine, Carolyn said.
Beth glared at them. Where were you two?
We were inside and  Chuck ventured into the rough waters.
Inside? she cut him off. You left a three-year-old alone around heavy objects? Even for men, you two take the cake! 
I told her to leave the heavy stuff alone, Chuck helplessly flailed.
Beth looked indignant. Oh, you told her? Well, that shouldve solved the problem. Have I mentioned that shes three years old!? 
Carolyn tried to plead her case that she was almost four, but was ignored.
Chuck attempted to make one last case, but received an unyielding, I dont want to hear it. He wasnt going to win this battle and wisely retreated.
Beth then turned to Carolyn, and her tone calmed, Why dont we go get that cut cleaned up?
Can I get a Big Bird Band-Aid? she asked with surprising excitement. Her tears dried up like the Sahara.
Well see.
Beth held the little girls hand as they walked into the sunset. Carolyn held the rag over her gash with her free hand. 
From a distance, Billy could hear Carolyns joyful giggle. He couldnt help thinking that something was off. And not just because she found joy in an accident that wouldve sent most kids to the emergency room. It was the unnaturalness of her reaction. It reminded him of a movie he once saw where an alien accidentally landed on Earth and tried to assimilate itself into society by pretending to be human. 
But then Billy remembered it wasnt an alien who fell to Earth in the movieit was an angel.


Chapter 6

After a long day of moving furniture in the heat, Chuck suggested Mexican food. It sounded good to Billy, who craved anything that would remove the gamey taste from his mouth. So they passed over the New Canaan border into the neighboring city of Norwalk and ended up at a Mexican restaurant/bar called Durazzos.
They drove in Chucks Chevy Silverado pickup truck, which melded easily into the more blue-collar Norwalk, although Chuck warned that Durazzos still attracted the New Canaan yuppie crowd on Saturday night. He explained that he wasnt a fan of the place, but bartended there a couple nights a week and could eat and drink for free. He joked that it still might be too expensive on his budget.
The statement caught Billy off-guard. What are you talking about?
To make a long story short, we have no money.
I dont understand.
Im not going to get into the messy details of how the Boulangers cut Beth out of their family. It took a lot of blood, sweat, and tears to get past, and now Beth is  He paused, searching for the right word.
Numb to it, Billy filled in the blank. Hed become an expert on numbing the pain.
Chuck nodded. Thats a good way to put it. But anyway, Beverly and Dana have been the only real family shes had for as long as Ive known her. Beverly left us this house, but she liked to live extravagantly, so the estate came with a lot of debt. And Im not even going to get into what the housing market has done to the value. Dana has helped us out a ton, but we still struggle to survive each month. 
Billy realized there was a lot more to this story, but he of all people wasnt going to dig into somebodys past. If thats the case, why give me the sweetheart deal on the rent? You could get a lot more for the place.
Im working two jobs. Laying floors during the day and bartending here at night. Beth went back to school and she cant even take the classes she needs because we couldnt afford a babysitter, and Carolyn getting kicked out of school sure didnt help things. We only live in one part of the house because we cant afford to heat or air-condition the rest of it. Our cars are in the shop every other week. And if you were wondering, thats Danas BMW parked out front. She loaned it to us last week because the starter went in my truck. Yes, four grand a month would help a lot.
Then why even consider me?
You were the first person we interviewed who seemed like a real person. I could use the money, but given the choice, Id choose for Carolyn to grow up around real people. 
Maybe if my book ever gets published I could pay you back.
You do know that Dana has never sold a book, dont you?
That was news to Billy. 
They passed through the crowded bar that featured a mariachi band, before exiting into a patio area. It was practically emptymost people not willing to take on the record heat. A mister was trying to cool things down, but having little effect. They took a seat at a circular table with an umbrella sponsored by Jos Cuervo tequila, one of Billys favorite numbing agents for the pain.
She likes you, ya know, Chuck said.
Who?
Beth. If she didnt, you wouldnt be here.
She has an interesting way of showing it. Billy said, eyeing Chuck suspiciously. Youre telling me that Beth really wanted me to rent the cottage?
Chuck grinned. Not buying my youre the first real person story?
No offense, but I get the feeling that Beth gets the final word on all issues in the Whitcomb household. If Carolyn is the princess, then shes the queen.
Carolyn and I did fight for you, Chuck came clean, but Beth might be the most overprotective parent on the planetwhich I love her forso despite her lip service, she had no plans of ever really hiring a babysitter for Carolyn. Mother Teresa couldve showed up with references from the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, and she wouldve found fault. So the idea of leaving her daughter with a strange man with a vague pastno offensewould take a miracle to get approved.
So who was the miracle-worker?
There is one person outside of myself that Beth would trust Carolyns life with, and thats Dana. And after the bookcase debacle, she might be the only one left on that list. Beth doesnt always approve of her choice in boyfriends, but the only reason youre here is because Dana went to bat for you big-time. Chucks face turned rigid. So dont you do anything to harm that trust. Understood?
Billy swallowed hard as he nodded. All mothers are protective by nature, but it sounds like this goes beyond that  if you dont mind me bringing it up.
Chucks face remained serious. Beth has abandonment issues from her family and sometimes overcompensates with Carolyn.
What Ive learned from my experiences with the rich and fabulous, is that Beth and Carolyn will probably be better off without them.
Chuck sighed. I wish it were that simple. You see, Beth wasnt a blood Boulanger. She was adopted. Then when her adopted mother died, that family turned on her. So she felt abandoned by two familiesbirth and adopted. She never wants Carolyn to feel that, so she grips a little too hard sometimes.
Billy was again surprised, but covered it with a smile. I guess she picked the wrong kid to be overprotective of. Carolyn is fearless. She pulled a bookcase on her head and didnt even miss a beat. Not to mention, she bit off her tongue to get some laughs from her classmates.
He chuckled with admiration. We call her the Boo-Boo Machine. Im sure you saw the burns on her hands.
Billy nodded.
Theyre from last Fourth of July when she grabbed the barbecue. But that was nothing compared to the first week we moved in here, last winter, when she did a full sprint into the wall and knocked out her teeth.
I noticed some nasty scars on her arms, also.
You should see the suspicious looks we get every time we bring her to the emergency room.
Did it surprise you that she didnt even scream when she pulled that bookcase on her head? Billy couldnt get it out of his head.
She was more scared than anything. You see it all the time with kidsthey seem fine, but then they realize what happened and go into a delayed cry.
Billy wasnt buying that onethe bookcase wouldve hurt an elephant. And they say Im hardheaded.
What can I say, shes tough as nails. A couple of months ago these older brats in the neighborhood conned her into playing in their sandbox. To make a long story short, they shoved sand into her eyes and mouth. The sand caused an abrasion on her cornea. She never complained, but her vision seemed off, so we brought her to the eye doctor. The doctor was astonished at her pain tolerance for such a deep cut.
Sounds like she takes after her dad.
Chuck shook his head sadly. Except my wife has succeeded in turning her into a girl. Do you know what she asked for her birthday?
She told mea big girl bike.
Besides that.
I dont know, what?
A dress and a Barbie doll!
Billy laughed. Youve definitely lost her.
Im not dead yet, shes still the best street hockey player in the neighborhood.
Speaking of which, is Slap Shot really her favorite movie?
Chucks Hulk-like chest shot out with pride. Theres not even a close second. She can recite every line.
Shes very bright for her age. Maybe thats why she has trouble in school. I once read that Einstein was so bored with school he became disruptive and got kicked out.
She can tell you all the planets in the Milky Way and interesting facts about them at age four. Im thirty-five and all I know are a few Uranus jokes and that Pluto was a dog. She takes after her mother.
You said Beth is going back to school. Whats she studying?
Her adopted mother, Mrs. B, was a political science professor at Siena College up near Albany, before the Boulangers moved to Greenwich. And Beth wants to follow in her footsteps. She attended Siena alsoat the same time I was playing hockey up there, which is how we metbut had to leave when Carolyn came along and never finished. And like Mrs. B, shes a political junkie, so dont bring up the situation in Iran unless youre ready for a fight.
The situation in Iran?
Chuck looked at Billy as if he were a space alien. The hostages  like on the news every night. Are you really that out of it?
Billy shook his head. I guess I am. The only Iran hostages I ever heard of were from back in the late 70s. Are these some sort of retro hostages from the past?
Chucks gaze turned troubled. Hostages from the past. Thats an interesting way to put it, because the past happens to be holding my wife hostage. She blames it every time Carolyn has an incident in school. 
If you live in the past it will suck the life out of you, Billy spoke from experience. And never look in the rear-view mirror because the past will always be gaining on you. 
Then Billy looked up to see his past walking directly toward them.


Chapter 7

Billy couldnt take his eyes off of the waitress as she glided toward their table. And not just because she was drop-dead gorgeous. He recognized her from his past, although hed never met her before. 
She was college age, but had a much older aura about her. She wore a black Durazzos T-shirt tied in a knot above her midriff, exposing flat abs and a gold belly-chain that read Kaylee. And in case that didnt grab your attention, her shorts were Hooters-short, barely covering her tanned legs. 
She greeted Chuck by planting a kiss on his cheek, and purred, Hows my teddy bear?
Billy cleared his throat. Uh-um.
She turned and met Billys gawk. Her eyes were the color of trouble.
So Chuck, when did you start hanging around with George Clooney? she asked, holding her gaze on Billy.
Chuck made the introductions, This is our new tenant, Billy Harper. Billy Id like to introduce you to Kaylee.
She shook his hand, letting her soft grip linger. Billy the tenant, Im Kaylee the waitress. And B-T-W, I meant the younger version from the ER days.
When the tongue-tied men didnt respond, she continued, Can I get you guys something to drink? You look hot. The double meaning was as see-through as the thin material on her tight shirt. She knew how to get a tip.
Corona would be great, eh. Chuck stuttered.
Make that two, Billy seconded. 
Two cool drinks for two hot guys, coming up, she flirted some more, flashed her tip-maker smile, then drifted gracefully toward the mariachi music in the distance.
I work with her, Chuck explained, Shes a 
Guilty pleasure?
No, shes 
A divorce lawyers dream?
He shook his head. She lives down the street from us. Goes to Dukeits her last weekend before returning. A little spoiled, but a nice kid.
Well, with her  um  assets, I doubt she has trouble picking up some extra spending money for school.
I dont think she needs the money. Her father is Carl Scroggins.
As in Carl Kat Scroggins, the music producer? Billy asked with surprise. Youre neighbor is Kat Scroggins?
Not bad, eh? Chuck said with a big grin. 
Then what is she doing working in a dingy bar on a Saturday night? 
She dates the owner, Sal Durazzo. He started a chain of these places down the east coast and is worth a mint. Hes this wannabe mobster twice her age. In other words, he has the most important element any ultra-spoiled twenty-one-year-old is seeking.
Money? Power?
Nohe really pisses off her father, he replied with a chuckle.
Billy remembered being the guy who pissed off Kellys father. And the more he despised him, the tighter Kelly gripped onto Billy. 
Chuck dug into the complimentary chips parked in the center of the table. So where were we? he asked, dipping a chip into guacamole and jamming it into his mouth.
I think you were going to tell me why Beth blames herself for Carolyns behavior issues and fevers.
No, I think Im all talked-out about my family. I believe I was about to ask you why you still carry around photos of your ex-wife. Seems a little strange for someone who doesnt look in the rear-view mirror to avoid the past.
Billy felt the lump coming on. He reached for a beer that wasnt there. His voice cracked, Even if you hide the past away, its always lurking.
Then, like a blonde life raft, Kaylee magically re-appeared, holding Corona bottles with green slices of lime attached to their spouts.
So I hear you go to Duke, Billy made mindless conversation, attempting to avoid any discussion of the aftermath of Hurricane Kelly.
Shhhdont tell anyone Im smart. Itll ruin my image, she said playfully. I leave Monday to go back. 
According to Billys secret photos, he went to Ohio State, Chuck said with a grin. I, myself, am a proud graduate of the School of Hard Knocks.
That was a really long time ago, Billy deflected.
I love older guys, Kaylee replied with an alluring smile. Do you like smart girls, Billy?
Im not that old.
Well, Im not that smart, she said, flirtatiously tapping him on the arm. She then sauntered back to the bar and Billy couldnt help but watch.
Billy never had a problem attracting the opposite sex. But he was never the aggressor. Problem was, he usually ended up with the most aggressive one, not the best one. Kelly popped into his mind once again.
The cold Corona went down smooth on the hot, sticky night. Billy drank two for every one Chuck consumed. He figured if Chuck even gave a distant hint of being hung-over for his daughters birthday, he wouldnt be able to live with himself. Which would be a moot point anyway, since Beth would kill him. 
Chuck then said, Your fan club is approaching at twelve oclock, George Clooney.
Billy looked up to see Kaylee heading back toward them. He wasnt sure if Chuck was offering encouragement or providing a warning.
I know women like her. They use all their powers to get a man in a position she wants him inon his knees and worshiping them.
I think you just had a bad experience. Maybe its time to let the old memories go and start some new ones  preferably good ones.
Kaylee plopped the beers on the table, and this time brought one for herself. Its totally dead in here tonight. So if you dont mind, Im gonna hang out with you studs.
Why so dead tonight? Chuck asked. He then informed Billy that they usually have to turn people away on Saturdays, and the patio was normally standing room only.
She eased into the seat and lit a cigarette. I think its because the married men spend time with their wives and families over Labor Day weekend. Then this weekend they go off on supposed business trips with their girlfriends.
Billy again recognized Kelly in Kaylees comment. The cynical layer of ice beneath the perfect smile. 
A voice echoed, Hey good lookin.
Billy turned to see a diminutive, pudgy man with three days worth of growth on his face, wearing a Yankees cap. He was worried it was Sal Durazzo, ready to fight for his womans honor. 
Kaylee turned with excitement, but her face quickly changed to disappointment. Oh, its only you, Hawk.
I was talking to Whitcomb, the portly man said in a gravelly voice, mixed with obnoxious laughter.
Chuck stood, greeting the man with a handshake. How ya doing, Hawk?
I was doing great until I found out that wife of yours scheduled your daughters party for tomorrow. Does she not know tomorrow is the opening weekend of the NFL?
Chuck shrugged. Beths the boss. I just live there.
So whats it going to be, Whitcomb, one of those pretentious lets top the rich bastard next door parties?
Carolyn wanted a princess party, but I think we settled on some nature theme. Monday I go on a hunting trip, and today I helped Billy move in, so I havent had much time to think about it.
It was perfect segue for Billy to introduce himself.
Hawk looked at him like he knew him but couldnt place him. Have we met before?
I dont think so.
Hawk nodded suspiciously, before introducing himself as New Yorks number one radio sports talk show host. He went on to say he was Whitcombs neighbor and bragged that he owned one of the big-ass mansions in the cul-de-sac. Then asked, So what do you do, Harper?
Billy didnt want to go into the novel writing thing, so he mentioned his newspaper column for the Shoreline Times.
Hawk snorted, I usually clean up after my dog with that rag. Do you actually get paid for that?
Billy bit his tongue and forced a smile. He held the pose until Hawk mercifully left, taking his mindless conversation with him. But before he did, he wagged his meaty finger in Billys direction and said, I know you from somewhere, Harper, and Ill figure it out. I never forget a face.
Billy shrugged. He sure hoped not.
Beer flowed into the wee morning hours, until Kaylee decided that her victim had been softened enough to make her kill-move. Cmon George Clooney, this might be my only opportunity to be on Dancing with the Stars, she said as she dragged Billy to the empty dance floor on the patio. The bar had emptied to only a few.
I dont think my legs work, Billy protested. 
Dont worry, Ill hold you up, she said.
He looked back for Chuck, only to see him retreating into the sultry night. 
I dont hear any music, Billy said, noticing the mariachi players packing up their equipment.
Well make our own.
She pulled him close. Her smell was intoxicating. Billy noticed her necklace, which spelled out her name in gold. Often people wear a tribute to their god around their neck, and he got the feeling Kaylee Scroggins believed she was to be worshiped.
Billy knew his nightmare would resume the moment the sun rose into the sky Sunday morning. But he still needed the anesthesia to get him through the night. 
Like a serpent, her lips touched his, and he felt the numbness once again.


Chapter 8

Dr. Dash Naqui never rested on the Sabbath, always arriving to his medical practice at exactly seven in the morning. His office normally provided him solace, but following a week where his skeletons escaped from his closet and appeared on the national news, it became a fortress to barricade himself in. 
He removed his white lab coat and hung it on the chair behind his large mahogany desk. He loosened his tie, and then began meticulously rubbing his temples, twisting his dark skin. He was a wiry, thin man who looked much younger than his sixty-five years. And anybody who ever came in contact with Dr. Naqui would tell you he had the energy of a twenty-five-year-old med student. But this week had drained his energy supply, and added more salt to his salt-and-pepper colored hair. He rubbed his temples harder.
His parents had emigrated from Pakistan to Jersey City, where Dash was born. The name on his birth certificate was Siddique, but his parents began calling him Dash for the way he dashed around their one-room apartment with boundless energy, and it stuck. He couldnt remember the last time anyone called him Siddique.
Dash was also one of the few English words his parents knew, and being first generation American, he bought hook-line-and-sinker into the ideal of the American dream. That being, a great work ethic, combined with a sense of country and sacrifice, a man could rise up and become whatever he chose, no matter his background. Dash Naqui was living proof such a dream existed.
He rotated his swivel chair and peered out from his twelfth floor window at the peaceful Sunday morning in Manhattan. His gaze drifted down onto Park Place. When he was a child, his family used to play the board game Monopoly, and he knew that if you landed on Park Place, then youd arrived. Dash Naqui had definitely made it, establishing himself over the past quarter of a century as one of the worlds leading neurologists.
He was widely recognized as one of the most respected voices on such neurological disorders as Bells Palsy, Epilepsy, and Tourettes Syndrome. He published books that became bibles on numerous pain disorders, and once had a 60 Minutes segment dedicated to him, in regards to the countless hours of free medical treatment he provided his fellow veterans from Vietnam. But in recent years, he had focused his passion on trying to find a cure for Parkinsons disease. An insidious ailment that his beloved wife, Claire, had suffered with for the past eight years.
Last week Naqui was in Albany to testify before the New York State Senate, lobbying for a bill to fund stem cell research, including the controversial embryonic stem cell research. Naqui believed this could be the key to finding the cure for Parkinsons, along with other afflictions. He countered testimony by groups who claimed to fight for something called Right to Life. In Naquis mind, there was no such thing. Life was not a right, but an honored privilege. And when given such a privilege, he believed a society must be willing to sacrifice life for the greater good. Whether that was in relation to science, battle, or whatever was the next challenge thrown at mankind. 
He didnt get back to his home in Ridgewood, New Jersey, until almost midnight. He barely got a wink of sleep, staying up with Claire to the wee morning hours. She had what many in his profession would flippantly call her bad days. They never lived it, so they would never understand. But Naqui was never one to wallow in his own misery, and was back at the office by his usual seven, seeing his first patient at eight. But as the mornings events unfolded, his mind was half a world away in Iran.
Three months ago, Iran captured twelve men outside of the central desert city of Yazd. It was the only thing agreed upon as factual. The Iranian government alleged it was a joint mission of the CIA and Israeli intelligence to invade Iran and steal nuclear secrets. The US and Israel denied the allegations, and counter-claimed that the hostages were civilians captured in neighboring Iraq for the purposes of Iranian propaganda. The US maintained that Irans motive was to gain leverage in the on-going nuclear disarmament discussions.
When the hostages refused to talk, and the US wouldnt budge, they were put on trial. It came to a head this morning, not coincidentally September 11, when all of the hostages were publicly executed in the streets of Tehran. The USs first response was just moments away. 
Naqui buzzed Wendy, his long time assistant, and instructed her to hold any calls. Then with a flip of the remote control, he turned on the flat-screen television that hung on the wall of his office.
Kerry Rutherford appeared on the screen, using the White House as a symbolic prop in the background. The morning sun glistened off the silver hair of the newly appointed U.S. Director of National Intelligence.
Nothing Rutherford said surprised Naqui. The U.S. condemned the execution of the hostages without a fair trial, and strongly denied that the hostages were part of the CIA or the Israeli intelligence service. 
Naqui paid more attention to Rutherfords body language, hoping to pick up a clue as to what really happened. He looked into his eyes and gauged his tone, but learned little. 
Naqui wandered to the wall nearest to his desk and studied a few of his framed diplomasundergrad at Rutgers  medical school at Columbia  too many honorary degrees to count. They were a symbol of his work ethic. His focus moved to his Vietnam medals, which were displayed like a museum exhibit behind a glass partition. They represented sacrifice. 
He was most proud of his service as a medic in Vietnam. Back then, things were black and whitemaking a sacrifice for America equaled making a sacrifice for the greater good. Thats why he became involved in Operation Anesthesia all those years ago. But as he looked out his window to the spot where the Towers once proudly stood, he understood that the world would be forever colored in shades of gray.
No matter how many 9/11s Operation Anesthesia stopped, Naqui knew the one they didnt stop would be the one that lived in infamy. As he watched the Towers burn on that horrible morning, all he could think was that he had let his country down. But what he didnt count on was that his countrythe one he sacrificed everything forwould turn on him.
He could still feel the brutal beating he received by a mob of patriots, their vicious insults actually hurting him more than any blows from their angry fists. It happened just days after the attacks during a house call Naqui made to a wheelchair-bound MS sufferer on the Upper West Side. The hangman jury of his peers didnt know the lengths Dash Naqui had gone to keep his country safe, nor did they care. 
We just dont think the climate is right to get a conviction in this type of case, the DA tossed more salt in his wounds that night, while Claire sat shaking beside his hospital bed. The message was clearNaqui and his fellow Muslims were no longer considered true Americans. 
Naqui noticed his hands, which were flexed in tight fists. Just the thought of the attack filled him with a hatred he never knew existed. Not the right climate, he grumbled to himself.
Never feeling so unsure, Naqui glanced back at the television coverage of the nightmarish executions. He swore they were being played out in shades of gray.
The questions swirling in Naquis mind were not the questions being asked by the reporters on the news coverage. Unlike the media, his most pressing questions were concerning those not shown in the execution photos.
What happened to them? 
Could their connection to each other be a coincidence? 
He was startled back to reality by Wendys sweet voice over the intercom. Dr. Naqui, sorry to bother you, I know you requested to be left alone, but there is a Eugene Hasenfus here to see you and he is being insistent.


Chapter 9

Before Naqui could calculate the sudden turn of events, a man burst through the door with an arrogant limp. He wore a long-sleeved, khaki-colored safari shirt, un-tucked, hanging loosely over a pair of olive green cargo pants. Sitting atop his head was a leather cowboy hat he might have acquired during a raid of Crocodile Dundees closet.
He removed the hat, revealing a military crew cut of salt-and-pepper hair. It was about seventy-five percent pepperthe direct opposite of Naquis ratio. His pockmarked cheeks and high forehead were a mishmash of orange blisters, the work of the unforgiving sun.
He flashed a cocky grin at Naqui, and said, Whats up, Doc?
It was as if Naqui was looking at a ghost. Stipe  youre 
Alive, yes, sorry to disappoint you. Hope you didnt spend too much on the invitations for my going permanently away party.
The mans name wasnt really Eugene Hasenfus, it was Franklin Stipe. Naqui had worked with him on Operation Anesthesia for the last two decades and despised every moment. He had no attack of sadness when he heard that Stipe likely perished in Iran. As a doctor, particularly during the Vietnam War, he witnessed people die on a daily basis who were more worthy of the privilege of life than Stipe. 
But he couldnt deny that Stipe was a necessary evil in Operation Anesthesias success. He was the one who could connect the dots to deliver the ends, no matter what the unflattering means. But it was Stipes visions of grandeur that most worried Naqui and the other Anesthesia leaders. They could all picture Stipe gleefully testifying before Congress in his dusted off military uniform, feeding his gluttonous ego, while the rest of them were sent off to federal prison. 
The Hasenfus reference related to October 5, 1986, when a US cargo plane was shot down in the southern portion of Nicaragua. Two of the crew members died in the crash, but a third, Eugene Hasenfus, parachuted to what he thought was safety, only to be captured by the Sandinista army. The capture of Hasenfus set in motion an international scandal that would become known as Iran Contra. Naqui knew one reckless move could lead Operation Anesthesia to the same congressional sword, and would constantly remind Stipe that it would only take one Eugene Hasenfus to bring down Anesthesia. So in typical Stipe style, he took on the Hasenfus alias to rub it in their faces.
So are you going to tell me what really happened? Naqui spoke in the tone of a school principal, pointing angrily at the television coverage.
No offense, Doc, but I talked to enough of you Ali Babas on the way back from Iran. Im here for my cocktail.
Stipe moved gingerly to Naquis desk and shoved a pile of papers onto the floor. He sat on the corner of the desk and unbuttoned his shirt.
The sight before him brought back horrible memories. Stipes chest was filled with so many burns and abrasions it looked like he was covered in leeches. Some were infected and pus-filled. They were the injuries of war, the type Naqui had seen firsthand. 
Naqui grabbed a long needle from inside his desk drawer. He moved to Stipe, noticing two gunshot wounds in his left shoulderone appearing to have gone clear out the backand another right above his chest. Naqui figured the bullet from the chest wound was still lodged, having just missed his heart and lungs by centimeters. He put on a pair of snug rubber gloves and touched around the wound. Stipe jumped in agony.
I need to remove that bullet, Naqui said, continuing to inspect the wound.
Just give me a shot of the good shit and Ill be able to deal with it.
Im not concerned about the painIm fear someone will trace the bullet to the events in Iran.
The two men engaged in a brief stare-down. But in the end, no matter how much distrust and loathing existed between them, Naqui knew they would continue to endure each other. There was too much invested. The power struggle within Operation Anesthesia would continue with no true winner.
Stipe didnt agree, and pulled out a gun. Give me the needle, Doc, or maybe Ill have you join me in the pain. Ever been shot in your little Pakistani balls?
Naqui glared back, knocking the threat away like a fly. When Stipe finally lowered the gun, Naqui injected him with a customized cocktail that featured Vicodin and Valium, along with other high-powered numbing agents that couldnt be purchased on the open market.
Stipes eyes rolled back in ecstasy. Once regaining his senses, his fluttering eyes gazed up at the television screen. Footage was replaying of the Anesthesia soldiersor Anesthesiologists, as Naqui affectionately referred to thembeing executed. As usual, the news coverage was exploiting the gory images.
Too bad I dont have the same pain tolerance. Look at thatthey didnt even feel a thing, Stipe gleefully stated.
How many times do I have to tell you not to talk bad of them?
Its what we trained them fornothing more, nothing less.
They deserve respect. They gave their lives for their country.
They were a bunch of freaks who didnt know any better. Besides, its pretty easy sitting here in your swanky Park Place office making judgments.
Naquis fists clenched again, but his demeanor remained cool. Dont you question my commitment. The only person you fight for is yourself. I wonder how many of those brave kids had your footprints on their backs, when you tried to save your own ass. Now tell me what happened!
He didnt have to ask twiceStipe loved telling his heroic tales. What they lacked in truth they usually made up in mythical grandeur. We found an underground uranium plant just outside of Yazd, along with an arsenal of biological shit. Another successful mission.
No mission where twelve soldiers are killed can be considered successful, Naqui scolded.
One major problem in twenty years and you got buyers remorse, Doc? Do you know how many 9/11s have been averted because of me?
Dont flatter yourself.
As we were making our getaway, a sandstorm came out of nowhere and the helicopter went down just after takeoff. He glanced at his wounds to make his point. And we went down hard.
Is it traceable?
It was an Mi-17 Soviet model we purchased on the black market. Was I wrong to use my American Express card?
Im glad you find humor in this, Naqui admonished. He returned to his desk and pulled out a handwritten piece of paper. This is the manifest from the mission. Any explanation as to why there are three missing members who werent shown in the execution tapes?
It was one big fiery mess. It wouldnt be logical for everybody to have survived the crash.
I just find it interesting that everybody else survived the crash.
Like I said, it was a flurry of gunshots, sand, and fire. But you know the Iranianseverythings a negotiation. If the three of them possibly survived, then theyd likely hold them for a future negotiation.
Naqui put the paper through a noisy shredder. I also find it quite interesting that the three missing boys are all brothers. 
Stipe had no answer for that one, just a nervous shrug. 
Naqui approached his patient, reaching into the wound with a small pair of metal tongs. With a forceful tug, he removed the bullet. Even under the influence of the powerful pain cocktail, Stipe let out a scream that likely could be heard in Brooklyn.
What a mess, Naqui mumbled, referring to the bullet wound, but very well could have meant the entire Iran situation.
The pain actually seemed to invigorate Stipe. He rose off the desk and spoke energetically, Speaking of messes, I had a little chat with our Washington contact yesterday. This was too public for him and he indicated he wants out.
This surprised Naqui. Really?
Dont worry, Doc, I have a plan.
You always do. Although, not usually a very well thought out one.
Ive had discussions with some of the leadership of Al Muttahedah about a possible joint business venture. It could be much more lucrative.
The terrorist group?
"Nomy Uncle Al Muttahedah from New Jersey. 
Naqui ignored Stipes theatrics, his thoughts focused on his long journey that began in the jungles of Vietnam. He could understand the feeling of their Washington contactNaqui wrestled with similar thoughts. But even though he was questioning his once unshakable faith in his country, Naqui wasnt ready to play for the other team. Not yet, anyway.
So do you want me to start official negotiations? Stipe asked eagerly, re-buttoning his shirt.
NoI need you to remind our Washington contact that there is too much invested. Pulling out is not an option.
Stipe nodded as if it was the expected response. He put on his leather hat and limped toward the door. Just before exiting, he pirouetted back toward Naqui and flashed another smug grin. 
One other thing, Doc. We made a pickup in Sweden on our way back from Iran. Congratulations on becoming a father once again. They say it never gets old.
Naqui turned back to the television with a sinking feeling in his stomach. He watched the childrenthe ones he helped raise into courageous young menhaving their lives unceremoniously stamped out in the streets of Tehran. He couldnt help but wonder if this next child would end up the same way.


Chapter 10

Billy re-entered the atmosphere Sunday morning like a burning, out of control spaceship. His head rhythmically pounded and his tongue had transformed into sandpaper. He initially had no idea where he was, or if he was even alive, but then he inhaled the sweet smell of Kaylee Scroggins.
He reached his arm over, only to find nothing but soft cotton sheets. His mind sobered, realizing this was probably a good thing ... although, it wasnt a unanimous decision with other parts of his anatomy. He reached once more, but again got nothing but air. He rolled back into his preferable sleeping positionon his right side with arms crossed. Hed almost drifted back into a hazy unconsciousness when he heard the female voice.
Good morning, sunshine, you were fantastic last night.
Billy strained his neck, blinking his crusted eyelids. After some brief calculations, he grasped that he was in the loft bedroom of the cottage. When he gained some semblance of focus, he noticed the woman sitting in a chair by his bed. 
But it wasnt Kaylee. 
He jumped to a sitting position. What the hell are you doing in here?
The morning sun had latched onto the stern face of Beth Whitcomb. The glare highlighted the freckles around her nose, and made her look even younger than her twenty-five years.
Expecting someone else? she asked in a calm, but accusatory voice.
You ever hear of breaking and entering?
I heard noises in here last night and I was concerned about your safety. And by the way, youre living on my property.
Where is 
That bimbo you brought here last night? She left fifty bucks for you on the dresser. I wouldve thought you could get more.
Perhaps you should try it sometime. Maybe youd loosen up a little. Get rid of those frown marks on your face.
She forced a condescending laugh. Oh, so did last night cure your pain, Mr. Happy?
Youre a pain in my ass, so no. Wheres Kaylee?
We came to an agreement. She would get off my property and I wouldnt tell her father she was boinking our pool boy. That might get her suspended from his payroll. It was amazing how fast she ran out of here. 
Billy stood in all his glory. He purposefully took his sweet time in putting on a pair of shorts, simply because he knew it would annoy Beth. So far, he hadnt found that to be much of a challenge. I dont remember anything in our agreement about me turning into a monk. Nobody held a gun to your head to let me live here.
Beth reached down and picked up one of the many empty beer bottles littering the loftshe had her pick of many. She remained calm, which worried him. I dont know the exact source of your pain, but I can guarantee you the answer is not in the bottom of one of these bottles.
Im a writer, I like an occasional cocktail. So what? So did Fitzgerald and Hemingway.
One who drank himself insane and the other put a gun into his mouth and turned himself into a dead writer. She sighed deeply and said to nobody in particular, I cant believe I allowed this suicidal man around my daughter. God help me.
Billys job for the Shoreline Times didnt begin until Monday, but he felt he was onto something and put his reporter hat on. Sounds like youre talking from experience. What pain were you trying to numb with the bottle, Beth? 
Her face bristled. This is not about me. This is about you and your self-destructive behavior, and how it affects my daughter.
If it was about being abandoned by your family, I hope youve figured out by now that its not worth it. Just because your family messed you up, doesnt mean youre to blame for Carolyn getting kicked out of school. I happen to be an expert on shitty familiesbirth and married into.
My daughter is a sick little girl. Not only does she have constant fevers that the doctors cant diagnose, but now shes displaying mental instability and harming herself.
Mental instability? Cmon Beth, the only thing you should be blaming yourself for is what a great kid she is. She pulled a practical jokeshes a kiddont go handing down your straightjacket just yet.
Beth stood, frozen like a statue. Just like Carolyn did when she didnt want to deal with somethinga handed down trait. 
As for the fevers, Im sure there are plenty of parents with a truly sick kid who would love to have a child as healthy as Carolyn. Chuck told me he cant even remember her getting a stomachache, and she didnt even cry or complain when she cut her eye.
Beth let down her guard. I drank when I was pregnant with her. Are you happy?
So?
Havent you ever seen the studies about what that can do to your child?
Everybodys different. My great-grandfather smoked three packs a day his whole life and lived to be ninety-six. I went to high school with a guy who was a world class triathlete who never ate a cheeseburger, and he dropped dead of a heart attack at twenty-six.
Beth wasnt listening. I shouldnt have. Chuck was always on the road playing hockey and I felt abandoned. I know thats no excuse, but I was a stupid twenty-year-old who was alone, and probably too young and mixed up to handle the responsibility of being pregnant. 
Maybe you should stop being so self-involved. There are a lot of kids whose parents did stupid things and they turned out fine. The only thing you couldve passed onto her is being a total bitch, and Carolyn seems to have avoided that trait.
She actually released a quick laugh. It was the equivalent of getting one of those Buckingham Palace guards in the big hats to crack a smile. Billy was drawn to her laughter. It reminded him of Carolyns giggle. He thought it was too bad she didnt realize that she passed joyful laughs to Carolyn and not fevers.
Still drawn to the laughter, Billy inspected Beth. She wore a pair of denim overalls over a T-shirt. He remembered the theme of the party was something to do with nature. She wore little makeup on her face, but Billy got the impression Plain Jane could turn into an elegant beauty if the situation called for it. His eyes then wandered to her bare arms, and she squirmed.
For the first time he noticed the scars.


Chapter 11

They were similar to the scars on Carolyns arms.
And Billy discerned that mother and daughters scars came from the same dark place. They were the work of self-mutilation. 
Thats what you blame yourself for. You think because you cut yourself, she did that to her tongue.
Beth tried to hide her arms, but there was no place to put them. I dont know what youre talking about. 
Did Carolyn ever see you cut yourself?
Of course not.
Then I dont know what youre worried about.
Beth sat back down and stared blankly across the loft. I felt pain and hurt myself in a cry for help. Carolyn also harms herself. You do the math.
The only thing that girl knows is love. Thats your legacy to her. And as far as pain  he laughed to himself, She dropped a bookcase on her head and didnt even flinch. Im not sure she knows what pain is.
My self-destructive behavior, whether intentional or not, has done damage to my daughter. She peered at the stream of empty beer bottles. I just cant have any more self-destructive behavior around her.
Are you throwing me out?
Beth remained silent.
Are you? his voice elevated.
She pointed at the bottles and repeated, It doesnt cure pain. In fact, after a while it doesnt even numb it anymore.
He stared at the suddenly vulnerable woman and surprisingly felt a bond with hera bond of pain. So how did you heal it?
She fidgeted in her seat. Numbing it didnt work and hurting myself didnt work. Then the Healing Angel of Pain arrived to save me.
The Healing Angel of Pain?
When Carolyn was eight-months-old, well before we could expect her to talk; I was changing her on a table in our tiny apartment up in Albany. Chuck was away and there were no witnesses, so I cant prove it. But I sneezed and Carolyn looked up at me with those big hazel eyes of hers and said as clear as day, God bless you, Mommy. She didnt speak again until the normal time, but the message was clear: God did bless me. He sent Carolyn to heal my pain.
Was there a virgin birth involved, also? 
You dont believe me?
Will it affect whether you throw me out or not?
I will do anything it takes to protect my daughter.
You didnt answer my question.
Beth calmly reached beside her chair and retrieved a plastic three-ring binder that Billy recognized. She opened it up on her lap, acting as if Billy wasnt there. She slowly flipped pages, causing Billy to fume.
I was reading through one of your manuscripts while I was waiting for you to wake. Dana told me you wrote this great political thriller. So I was surprised you also write childrens books.
Billy lunged at her, snapping at the manuscript, but Beth pulled it back toward her chest and cradled her arms around it.
Give me that! Its none of your business!
Writers are always so temperamental, she teased. I just wanted to compliment you. I loved itThe Adventures of Peanut Butter & JellyCarolyn would love it also. Do you do the illustrations yourself?
The Adventures of Peanut Butter & Jelly was the story of two five-year-old girls who would be confronted by a life issuethe first story was about dealing with a bullythen would solve the problem in adorably creative ways, always ending in a life lesson. The two girls were twins. Jelly was the extroverted protector of the sweet and shy Peanut Butter. The illustrations were drawn to the scale of how a child would see the worldoversized buildings, cars, and adults. At the end of each story, the girls would come together with satisfaction and repeat their mantra, Always stick together.
Its a hobby of minenow give it back! Billy made another fruitless attempt to grab the manuscript. Just because your hobby is to cut yourself doesnt mean Im going to steal your knife set.
Beth continued to casually flip through the pages. You know what my theory is, Billy?
Ill leave if you want, but I dont have to take this shit!
Dana told me a lot of the great writers shes met are filled with pain. They channel it through the characters and live vicariously through them. Its like creating life. I think you created Peanut Butter and Jelly to be your healing angels of pain.
Billy began walking around the room gathering his belongings. I guess youve gone back to drinking.
Truth hurts, huh? Nobody knows that better than I do.
Billy pounced at her, this time wrestling away the manuscript. He shoved it in a duffel bag and exclaimed, Ill be out of here, and out of your life, in five minutes!
I really think Carolyn would like Peanut Butter & Jelly. Shes had trouble with a couple of neighborhood bullies; I think she would take great solace in your stories.
Billy ignored her, continuing to shove items into his bag.
Not only would she like it, but I think she would really like for you to read it to her. My angel adores you, Billy Harper, and shes never been wrong about anyone before.
Billy stopped in his tracks, confused. So youre not kicking me out?
You can stay, but on two conditions. One, the drinking stops. And second 
Beth reached under the chair and pulled out what looked like a reddish-orange rug, or perhaps a fur coat for a giant. She tossed it to Billy, who looked confused.
Its an Elmo costume. The guy we hired just canceled on me. Youve been hired.
He watched Beth descend the stairs of the loft and maneuver through a sea of unpacked boxes toward the front door, shouting instructions, The party begins at noon. You need to be under the tent by eleven-thirty for preparation. Its up to you.


Chapter 12

With Beths stinging words planted like a chip in his brain, Billy found a half-eaten box of cereal and ventured up a steep set of stairs to the deck atop the cottage. The roof-deck was originally built because it was the coolest place to gather on summer days prior to the invention of air conditioning, back when the cottage was used to store blocks of ice. But there was no need for cooling this day. 
For the fourth birthday party of Princess Carolyn Whitcomb of New Canaan, the temperature fell to the high sixties and a cool breeze introduced the first hint of autumn. It was a good thing, Billy figured, because the Elmo costume was going to be hot.
The dry cereal mixed with his sandpaper tongue was a bad combination, so he returned to the cottage seeking something to lubricate the cereal. All he found was one bottle of beer remaining from last night, along with Carolyns strawberry milk, leftover from yesterdays lunch. He thought about pouring the beer over his cereal, college style. But Beth was right; the numbing effect of alcohol had a short shelf life, and for Billy, it had already run its course. So he grabbed the bottle of strawberry milk, thinking, I could use some help from the Healing Angel of Pain.
He returned to the deck and looked out over the extensive grounds. The morning was calm, but would soon be infiltrated by a small army of four-year-olds. He noticed Beth under the tent making last minute alterations. He couldnt shake her words: I dont know the exact cause of your pain. She might not have known, but he was well aware of its origin.
She walked into his English lit class at Ohio State. It was his major, while she attended because it was a required course. Billy was supposed to be feeling like the BMOC, since he was the highly recruited quarterback phenom from Johnstown, PA. The list of great quarterbacks originating from Western Pennsylvania read like a whos who of legendsMarino, Montana, and Namath, to name a fewand he was expected to reach the same rarefied air. But he struggled with the adjustment to college life. He went from being the big fish in the small pond, to just another quarterback on the depth chart at a school with fifty thousand nameless students. Going home was no cure, either. He wasnt looked upon favorably in Johnstown after bypassing the local schools to cross the border into Ohio. And his parents were as big of a disaster as ever. He was homesick for the home he never had.
Kelly Klein was the striking daughter of Gordon Klein, the beer billionaire, whose Pittsburgh brewery helped keep the local economy chugging along. Kellys reason for attending Ohio State was simple: she didnt have a choice. Her father was a proud alum who happened to be the schools biggest donor.
Even with Billys football exploits, the idea of dating the likes of Kelly Klein was too far-fetched to grasp at the time. Thats why he was surprised, maybe shocked, when she plopped down next to him in class, and he actually noticed a tinge of nervousness in her voice when she asked, Youre Billy Harper, arent you? She then seemed to become unhinged by nerves, and stammered, Oh my God, of course you are. Can I be any more pathetic?
She informed him that shed once met him at a scholar/athlete dinner funded by her father, at which Billy was honored. This was news to Billy. He figured he would have remembered meeting her  like for the rest of his life. When she revealed a high school crush on him that included secretly attending all his games, he almost slid off his chair onto the classroom floor.
He was mesmerized by her eyes. The short plaid skirt she wore didnt hurt either. But he didnt see the hardened inside until he was already trapped in her web. Billy realized now that their relationship was a calculated move on her part. She bought a stock low, betting on its high ceiling. 
The stock rose up the charts later that fall, when due to an injury, Billy Harper became the starting quarterback. He led a comeback against Michigan that was still talked about fifteen years later, and followed that up by winning the Rose Bowl MVP in a romp of USC. A Sports Illustrated cover followed, and agents lined up to help him spend the inevitable millions he would get in the NFL. Suddenly he was the big time fish in the big time pond with the big time girlfriend.
But Billy felt like a fraud. Football was just a means to an end for him. He wanted to be the next John Updike, not the next John Elway, but his football scholarship was his way to escape a life of working in the mill like his father. Ohio State didnt share his passion for writing and academia. Before his sophomore year, they asked him in a wink-wink polite way to cut back on his class load. When Billy refused, they demanded. When that didnt work, they threatened. Billy then turned it back on themhe quit. 
It turned into a national hot-button issue. Billy looked like the symbol of academic integrity in an arena where the college part was too often missing in college football. Ohio State looked like the Evil Empire that preferred winning football games to education. Kelly clung closer, despite her father forbidding her to see him. Ohio State eventually backed down.
Billy returned to the field with much fanfare, along with his heavy class load. But in the second game of the year he tore his throwing shoulder so badly it needed three surgeries to fix it. He went through the vigorous rehab program to return to the field, but knew hed never have the arm to ever be the starter again. So he gladly finished out his career under the radar as the fourth string quarterback, keeping his scholarship. People would tilt their heads when they spoke about it, as if he suffered some sort of tragedy. But he was at peace, as football was finally where it had always been for him anywayin the rear-view mirror.
Looking back, he was always surprised Kelly stuck with him after the shoulder injury crashed his stock. At the time, he was convinced it was out of love and loyalty. They married six months after graduation, on the lavish Klein estate in a haughty suburb of Pittsburgh, in spite of her fathers threats. 
Billy agreed to join the family business. He would do anything to make Kelly happy, including putting his dreams on hold for her. His job title was Director of Public Relations, but to this day he still couldnt articulate exactly what he did. They attended social functions, took expensive vacations, and led the expected life of a Klein. He thought things were fine. Every married couple has their problems, and of course it couldnt always be hot and heavy. 
But he now saw how the many small cracks were pieces of a bigger fault line. The biggest sign was that his neurotically image-conscious wife didnt even put up a fight when he told her he planned to leave his job at Kleins Beer to pursue the writing career hed put off for her. A job suited for the court jester, and certainly not worthy of a prince in the Klein Kingdom.
In return, he couldnt protest when she went to work for the campaign of Senator Oliver LaRoche. It was the first thing in as long as he could remember that she seemed excited about. He wondered whether, when she met LaRoche, she opened with the line, Youre Senator LaRoche, arent you? Oh my God, of course you are. Can I be more pathetic? 
Billy could rationalize losing Kelly to LaRoche, a man who ran his campaign under the slogan of Family Values, which was too laughable to even laugh about. He was a blue chip stock. But it was the other part of the story that ripped his insides out. The part where his soul was taken from him. The part that sometimes made him wonder if he should have pulled that trigger. He didnt want to think about that part anymore, so he forced the thoughts from his mind.
So once again Billy Harper would try to ease the pain by vicariously living through a fictional character. He put on his Elmo suit and headed for Carolyns party. 


Chapter 13

Billy moved toward the large party tent. The day remained cool, but the heat was dizzying inside the heavy Elmo costume, and he hadnt even applied the head yet.
According to Chuck, the party was going to be modest compared to many of the over-the-top shindigs in their neighborhood, but would still be extravagant enough so the Whitcombs wouldnt be sent to the social leper colony.
The theme was natural science and was coordinated with the New Canaan Nature Center. Carolyn initially wanted a princess party, but Chuck nixed it. Then she negotiated a hockey party, which gained Dads support, but was vetoed by Mom. Aunt Dana came up with the compromise plan of natural science, and since she was paying for it, natural science it was.
When Billy arrived at the tent, he was met by his towering yellow partner in crimeBig Bird. The beak came off, revealing Chuck.
Were really in the dog house, arent we, eh? he said with a grin.
Tell me about it, Billy said, scratching his body like he had a bad case of poison ivy. 
You make any good new memories last night? Chuck asked, his grin turning sly.
Just re-living bad ones.

As noon approached, boatloads of children began arriving with their pageant parents. Many attempted to dress in theme. Some wore cowboy hats, some wore safari outfits, while others wore science lab coats. It appeared the natural science theme had caused confusion. Like high school, they mingled in cliques. As did the parents.
The big topic of adult discussion was the execution of the Iranian hostages, but it didnt seem to dampen anyones mood. Chuck pointed out the rich and the richer to Billy. He told of one party last summer where the family set up amusement rides, including a roller coaster in their backyard. Another hired a famous pop star to perform.
The highlight of the party was a live animal show, where professionals from the nature center showed off unique birds, fuzzy mammals, and scaly reptiles. Carolyn almost started a riot when, upon viewing a particularly unattractive lizard, she shouted, Dragon! Like shouting fire in a theater, the four-year-olds scattered in panic. Eventually order was restored, and the live animal show continued for about an hour. A scavenger hunt killed another hour.
The party culminated with a barbecue under the big tent. The princesswearing what she termed her birthday dress that she wore with sneakers and a fashionable bandage on her templethen opened an endless stream of gifts.
Billy momentarily looked away from the sadistic shredding of wrapping paper and noticed an over-dressed, leggy brunette prancing toward the party like she paid for it. Actually, she did. The long curls bouncing off her shoulders, along with her breezy attitude, made her seem younger than her thirty-five years. Her Manhattan-chic look included a stylish skirt, heels, and expensive Louis Vuitton handbag. But the accessory that most stood out was a shiny red bicycle with a large ribbon on it that she dragged behind her.
Billy met her halfway, and she greeted him with, Theres nothing hotter than a man in an Elmo costume.
Thanks for finding me a place I could afford, he shot back with a playful grin.
When Aint No Senators Daughter publishes, then this place will be referred to as your guest house, Dana replied with her trademark enthusiasm. And when the movie rights sell, then youll own a castle like that woman who wrote Harry Potter!
I thought the writer was supposed to be the out there one and the agent was the realist with the business head?
Why lower expectations? Its going to be huge. A couple of publishers have already read it. They loved it. 
Is it true youve never sold a book?
Dont listen to the haters, Billy, it only takes one.
So thats a no?
I never represented you before. No matter how good of an agent I am, I needed talent to sell. Now Ive got the talent.
An off-key chorus of Happy Birthday in the distance directed Billys attention back toward the party. Beth stood to the side and took pictures of Carolyn, who hammed it up for the camera.
So how are you and Beth getting along? Dana asked, holding back a smile as if it were a sneeze.
How could anyone not get along with Beth? Shes so easygoing. Its been nothing but a pleasure, he deadpanned.
What do you expect from twins? Were both twenty-five, you know.
Are you also anal, neurotic, generally uptight, and possibly insane?
No, just twenty-five, Dana said with an easy laugh, but her look then turned serious. But do you know why shes like that?
Ive heard bits and pieces. Shes adopted, acquired some nasty abandonment issues, and then got dumped by the Boulangers.
She doesnt just have abandonment issues, Billy, Dana said. A gust of wind blew through and she pushed her long locks out of her face. She is the Abandoned Child.


Chapter 14

Dana moved in like she was going to tell him a secret, even though nobody was within fifty yards of them. 
She wasnt adopted through a traditional agency. My mother was picking up my father at the Greenwich train station on Christmas Day, almost twenty-one years ago. But what she found was a four-year-old girl wandering aimlessly along the train platform and crying.
Billy gazed at the party in the distance. If what Dana said was true, then Beth was the same age as Carolyn when she was abandoned.
My parents waited with Beth for her parents or guardian to show, Dana continued. Hours went bynothing. So they brought her home. I was a freshman in high school at the time, and my friends and I went around Greenwich putting up flyers. Hours turned into days, and by the time we figured out nobody was coming for her, Mom and I had fallen in love with her. Everybody in the family was against keeping her, but my father could never say no to me  I was his little princess.
Billy wasnt surprised people like the Boulangers didnt have to go through the proper channels to adopt a child. He saw it firsthand with the Kleins, who never went through systems or waited in lines. But he remained skeptical of the story. These people just ditched their kid at the train station and there were no witnesses? 
None that we found. Beth was in therapy for years, including hypnosis. For the most part, she could recall general emotions she felt, but not specifics like names or places. The majority opinion is the experience was so traumatic that she pushed the memories to a deep place where they could never be retrieved. 
The only tangible memories she had were that she came from the place with the big buildings, which we confirmed when we found a train ticket in her pocket from Grand Central in New York. And the other was Nathan.
Nathan?
She claimed to have a brother named Nathan, who Beth described as having some sort of disfigurement. She remembers the other children mockingly calling him E.T. after the alien in the popular movie of the time. She thought their trip to New York had something to do with going to see a doctor for Nathan.
How many doctors could have treated a disfigured child named Nathan around Christmas time? Did you check every doctor in New York?
The exhausted look on Danas face told him this was not a new line of questioning. Of course we did, and found nothing. The consensus of those with the fancy degrees was that Nathan was an imaginary friend that Beth made up to deal with the trauma. That she created his disfigurement and lack of acceptance, to play out the parallels of her actual existence. In other words, they didnt believe there was a doctor.
A great imagination, just like her daughter. Im not gonna apologize for having a great imagination. On the surface it made sense. Imaginary friends were a common way for children to escape and reveal inner thoughts. Billy had his own imaginary friend as a child. But he could tell Dana wasnt buying it. 
Even if Nathan is a figment of her imagination, which I doubt, she said, her recollection of the emotions from that day were too vivid, especially the way she talked about the scared look on her parents faces. A child always remembers the first time they see their parents truly scared.
Yet she doesnt remember anything her parents said to her? No names, no description, no mention of where they were sending her? Just that they were scared? It was still a little hard for Billy to believe.
Dana sighed. Pretty much, except I guess there was some obscure law back then that a child had to be five-years-old to ride the train without supervision, because the only thing she remembered her mother telling her when she put her on that train was that she was four years old, but if anyone on the train asks, to tell them she is five. 
The recollection seemed to hit Dana like a tractor-trailer, her words now struggling to maneuver past the suddenly rugged terrain in the back of her throat. Thats the only way we knew she was four years old. We created a birthday for her on Valentines Day because she brought us so much love. What kind of mother could have done such a thing to her child?
I often wished for a train that would take me away from my family. But in this case, the rich family rescued the abandoned girl. Sounds like a great rags to riches story. So how did it go so wrong?
My mom, who Beth called Mrs. B, would do anything for her. My father was always at the office and my brothers were off spreading their sense of entitlement. So it was just the three of us during my high school years. The Three Musketeers.
My freshman year at Boston College, Beth and Mom were playing in the parkone of their favorite games was for Beth and Mom to chase each others shadows. They would run around for hours like school children.
Danas face sunk. It was strange to see the normally carefree woman so stricken with angst. Billy put his furry Elmo arm around her. It felt unwanted and awkward.
I always told her to slow downshe wasnt a spring chicken anymore, her voice trembled. I got the call at school from one of my brothers. He was so cold when he delivered the news of her heart attack. He actually told me I shouldnt come home until the funeral so that I could concentrate on my midterms. A tear rolled down her perfectly made-up cheek and she angrily wiped it away, as if she refused to admit it still got to her.
Beth was lucky she ran into Mrs. B at the train station. She couldve ended up with some lunatic, Billy tried to console.
Trust me, after my mother died, Beth ended up with a whole bunch of lunatics. I was away at college and my father remarried some plastic bimbo who couldnt wait to get rid of her. They blamed Beth for everything, including my mothers death. Beth did what any kid would doshe rebelled. She was only eight when Mom died, and by the time she got to high school she was a messthe nose ring, purple hair, you name it. If it even resembled rebellion she was all in.
Billy struggled to visualize Beth with purple hair. He viewed her in the distance, and noticed she was actually smiling. She was snapping photos of a pack of energetic children, who were playing to the camera like a bunch of red carpet divas 
Dana fought back tears, contrasting with the festive party in the distance. The rebellion continued to escalate and thats when the self-mutilation started. My father tried to put her into an asylum. If it werent for me talking him out of it, she might be in some sanitarium wearing a straitjacket. Then ironically, my father had a stroke. We were forced to put him in a nursing home, which became the perfect opportunity for the others to cut Beth out of the family. Beverly and I paid for her college. But the drinking got bad. Thank God that Chuck came along 
As Danas voice trailed off, Billy noticed Chuck working the crowd in his Big Bird suit. Beth was at his side, giving off the appearance of contented motherhood. Shes no barrel of laughs, but she seems like she got it together, Billy commented.
For the most part she has, Dana said, but the past is always lurking under the surface. I recently caught her searching for her birth parents. She said it was to learn her medical history for Carolyns sake, in case her fevers were related to what her brother had. But I know its about her making peace with the abandonment.
Billy knew all too well about trying to make peace with the past. And when it came to a separation of a parent and child, he doubted such a thing was possible.


Chapter 15

Billy persuaded Dana to rejoin the party. Childrens laughter could be one of the worlds great medicines and he suspected Dana could use some.
As if using radar, Carolyn spotted their approach and made a mad dash toward them. Aunt Dana! Aunt Dana!
Dana picked up the little girl. How is my beautiful niece?
Im foe! 
Youre almost as old as me.
How old are you, Aunt Dana?
Her breezy laugh returned. Im forever twenty-nine.
Carolyn looked at her with wonderment. Wow, twenty-nine is really old.
I used to think so, Dana said. Are you going to come visit me soon?
Will I get to ride the train?
Thats the best part, Dana said cheerfully, before turning serious. Let me see that tongue, sweetie.
Carolyn proudly stuck it out, exposing the jagged black stitches. Dana cringed, but forced a comforting look. Why did you do that?
Carolyn was smart and likely realized the having fun answer led to further inquiry. She shrugged with contrived sadness, and replied, It wasnt my smartest move.
No it wasnt, sweetie, no it wasnt, Dana said as she set the girl down.
Carolyn then spotted the bike and began hopping up and down like she had to go to the bathroom Is that for me?
It sure is.
Her mouth dropped open, forming an O, and her big saucer eyes expanded. Thats a big girl bike!
A big girl bike for a big girl!
Beth appeared out of nowhere, approaching her older sister. They seemed like they were backwards. Beths motherly aura made her seem like the thirty-five-year-old, while the aging-like-a-fine-wine Dana could have passed for twenty-five.
They embraced. Thank you so much for helping us with the party. She loved it, Beth said, her eyes welling with tears.
Hey, it saved me a trip to Chuck E. Cheese, Dana deflected.
I dont know how we can ever repay you. This meant so much to Carolyn.
They hugged again. You know Id do anything for herI love that kid.
But youve done so much beyond 
Dana cut her off. I can only buy so many pairs of shoes.
As usual, they were heeled, leather, and expensive. Beths work boots were full of mud from the scavenger hunt. The contrast was as sharp as a blade.
MomAunt Dana got me a big girl bike, Carolyn shouted out.
I know. What do you say, Carolyn?
I say lets ride bikes!
Beths head tilted in disappointment. Carolyn picked up on the error of her ways. I say thank you, Aunt Dana?
Much better, her mother said.
So are you having fun at your party? Dana asked the girl.
Oh my gosh, we  She thrust into a long tangent about animals, dragons, scavenger hunts, and strawberry milk. Then her cute cheeks drooped. I just wish my dad was here.
Moving behind her, still wearing the Big Bird costume, sans the head, Chuck swooped his daughter into his yellow-feathered arms.
The smile instantly returned to her face. Daddyyou came! She then viewed him up and down with a perplexed look. You are wearing Big Birds clothes, you silly.

As the party began to dwindle, a portly man flanked by his equally portly kid approached them. It took Billy a moment to recognize him; the night before was a little hazy. But then he placed him as the loud sports talk radio guy named Hawk.
Hawk hit Billy on the arm like they were long lost friends. A different woman every time I see you, Harper.
Billy smiled awkwardly.
Hey, if this is your wife then Im just kidding, he said in Danas direction.
Dana grinned sheepishly. Im not his wife or girlfriend, but Im very interested in Billys other women.
Lets just say I saw him at this Mexican joint last night and he likes the hot and spicy, and I aint talking about salsa, if you know what I mean.
Danas brow crinkled. You do know your child is standing right there, right?
Hawk was oblivious. Oh, I should have introduced you to my boy, Little Hawk. Hes as pissed as his old man that hes missing the first week of the NFL season to look at some friggin animals.
Suddenly Hawk began staring down Billy.
Billy felt uncomfortable. Whatyouve never seen a grown man in an Elmo costume?
I swear I know you from somewhere. Harper, he snapped his meaty fingers as if it was helping him to think. Billy Harper, where do I know that name?
As far as I know, we met for the first time last night.
He kept staring at Billy and then something clicked. I knew it! The Amish RifleOhio Statethe comeback against MichiganRose Bowl MVPquit like a little sissy.
My dad knows everything about sports, Little Hawk said as he pulled candy from his goody bag and stuffed a handful into his mouth.
That was a long time ago, Billy said.
The Amish Rifle? Dana inquired with smiling interest.
Its a long story, Billy answered.
Lucky for you, sweetheart, Mr. Sports is here to explain it for you.
My dad knows everything about sports, Little Hawk added, in case nobody heard him the first time.
Carolyns arrival ended the interrogation. Billy, Aunt Danacan you come watch me ride my big girl bike in the coldysack?
Why dont you get your bike and race Carolyn, Hawk told his son, flashing a competition glare.
Carolyn looked with disdain at the pudgy child, seemingly remembering the sand box incident. Are you gonna be mean to me? she asked the boy.
Nobody is going to be mean to you or Ill have The Amish Rifle take care of them, Dana interjected.
My kid aint afraid of anyone in no Elmo Suit! Hawk growled. 
Carolyn never met a challenge she didnt like. Then what are we waiting for? Im not getting any younger!

The Tour de Cul-de-sac ended with Little Hawk winning by default when Carolyn crashed to the pavement, badly scraping her elbows, and almost giving Beth a stroke. But Billy couldnt help but to admire the fearlessness in the girl, who only cried because she wasnt granted a rematch. 
Following the party, at Beths request, Billy retrieved one of his latest versions of Peanut Butter & Jelly and met Carolyn in her room for a bedtime story. Her room really was fit for a princess. The cavernous area looked like an airplane hanger, taking up the entire top floor of the barn, about the size of a football field. The roof was twenty feet high and secured by large timber beams. Back in the day, it was used to store bales of hay.
Despite its grandiosity, it was set up like a typical little girls room, filled with dolls, including mop-topped replicas of the Hanson Brothers from Slap Shot fame. Beside them sat half the population of Sesame Street. Next to her bed were pictures of Chuck in his hockey days, along with Carolyns hockey stick that she had named Mr. Stick, and her fish, which, in keeping with the theme, was named Puck. Chuck had told Billy that the independent Carolyn would begin each night in the lonely warehouse of a room, before finding an excuse to slide into bed with him and Beth during the night.
In the story, the school bully was picking on the quiet Peanut Butter and stole her lunch money. Jelly designed a gimmicky plan to set up the bully so he would be caught by the teacher. After the bully got escorted to the principals office, both girls got a lecture about not taking the law into their own hands. A lesson learned. Then, later that night while they are lying side by side in their twin beds, they realized they had learned another lesson about sticking up for each other. Jelly put an exclamation point on the story when she exclaimed, We will always stick together! To which Peanut Butter replied, Stick together! before the lights went out.
The story enthralled Carolyn. Billy shut the book and put on his reporter hat, still bothered by the incidents surrounding her.
You know you arent going to school tomorrow, right?
I know.
Do you know why?
Because I made my tongue bleed? she answered in the form of a question, as if she still wasnt sure.
And you thought that was fun? 
It was at first, but then everybody got mad at me.
Is it fun when everybodys mad at you?
She went into pouting mode, whimpering, No, thats no fun at all.
Billy started reading another Peanut Butter & Jelly story, hoping to cut any potential crying off at the pass. The moral of this one was not talking to strangers. Midway through the story, Carolyn took the conversation in a completely different direction.
Will Peanut Butter and Jelly help us if Osama Banana comes to get us? 
Billy was caught off guard. What?
Osama Banana.
Do you mean Osama Bin Laden? he asked, confused. Terrorism was the last topic he was prepared to discuss with her.
You say banana funny, she said with a laugh.
Whered you learn about Osama  Banana?
On TV this morning when I was getting ready for my party. He had a really big beard and they said he knocked down a big building.
Billy forgot it was September 11, an infamous day of remembrance. He didnt think it would help to explain that Mr. Banana had been eliminated by a group of courageous Navy Seals.
Is he like a dragon? she asked. He looked real mean!
Nobodys going to get you, he said, thinking that her worst enemy was herself. He was afraid the only dragon was the one inside of her.
Promise?
He grabbed her tiny hand and looked into her hazel ovals, trying to avoid viewing the gruesome mouth area. Ill keep the bad people away from you on one condition.
She sighed dramatically. I promise to eat all my vegetables.
Billy smiled. No, you promise to stop hurting yourself.
She again looked mystified. So Billy rephrased, Stop making boo-boos and blood. It makes your mom and dad sad.
I promise, she said, then climbed up on Billy like he were a jungle gym and hugged him around his neck. Emotions rushed back that he hadnt felt in a long time. We will always stick together, she said.
Billy choked back his emotions. Stick together.
Carolyn pulled away, a fun-loving look spreading across her face. Lets pretend were dragons.
They made loud sounds, acting like they were shooting fire. Their laughter echoed through the cavernous room.
You be a girl dragon, Carolyn then said.
Im not going to be a girl dragon.
Girl dragon!
No.
Girl dragon!
No.
Youre funny, Billy, she said and laughed her contagious laugh. It seemed like all was well in the world once again. 
But like many of the other numbing agents hed tried, Billy knew the pain was still lurking. He couldnt help but think that something was wrong with Carolyn Whitcomb.


Chapter 16

In the wee morning hours of September 12, a black stretch limousine drove out of the gates of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. The car carried one passengerU.S. Director of National Intelligence Kerry Rutherford. He rubbed his wrinkling templesit had been a long night.
As the September 11 anniversary passed like a ship in the night, sighs of relief could be heard from the many cabinet members who were pulling an all-nighter in the Situation Room. But a lone day without American bloodshed wouldnt lift the weight from Rutherfords shoulders. He knew the shadowy terrorists werent as concerned with the symbolism of that date as the politicians were. They wanted to color every day of the calendar the color of Western blood. And when the mushroom cloud filled the sky above New York or Los Angeles, there would be a new date on the calendar to mourn. 
As if the anniversary of 9/11 wasnt enough motivation, the execution of the Iranian hostages had put the president on high alert. The chatter in intelligence circles consisted of everything from contamination of the water supply to infecting cows with a deadly disease, along with the usual targets: bridges, tunnels, and nuclear reactors. But Rutherford knew the biggest concern for the politicians in the room was an election only fourteen months away.
He didnt believe they were bad people who were apathetic about human life. He just felt they were in way over their heads. Rutherford worked under numerous presidents and politicians in his rise from a young marine intelligence officer in Vietnam to the head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, an influential U.S. intelligence agency run by the Department of Defense. With the CIA usually getting the headlines, the DIA often operated under the radar.
To Rutherford, this president was no different than the others he had served. The current leader of the free world happened to be a left-leaning Democrat, but Rutherford had learned that all politicians were made from the same cloth, no matter where they fell on the political spectrum. The Republicans tended to spend more money on defense, but in the end, all politicians were tied to the special interests and started seeking re-election before they even got elected. Rutherford didnt want to get electedhis goal was to save lives.
So another day passed without incident in the most thankless of all thankless jobs. No credit for doing well, but ultimate blame when things went wrong. And in his job, wrong was measured in body bags. But despite the drawbacks, Rutherford didnt hesitate when asked to take the job. He had just left his job as head of the DIA and was pondering retirement from public life. But he felt it was his duty to serve the president when asked. To quote his hero, Nathan Hale, his only regret was having only one life to give for his country.
But any goodwill for surviving the arbitrary September 11 deadline ended around the break of dawn. As the sun rose over the Potomac, word came down of impending congressional hearings regarding the Iran hostage incident, with Rutherford being the star witness. Senator Oliver LaRoche from Pennsylvania, the presidents chief adversary and biggest roadblock to his re-election, would chair the hearings.
Fearing LaRoches grandstanding, Rutherford was peppered with questions by the nervous cabinet. But he didnt answer truthfully. In the intelligence world, telling the truth was not a virtueit was a sure way of getting people killed.

They maneuvered through morning D.C. traffic, eventually arriving at the entrance of Arlington National Cemetery. 
Ill be about an hour, Benny, Rutherford told his driver. He then began his daily trek to pay homage to some old friends, which he made every morning when he was in town.
He stepped out of the vehicle, and straightened his suit. A career military man, he was always punctual and his uniform in perfect order. He was more comfortable in his military uniform than the dark civilian suit he wore this morning. 
The morning was warm and muggy, with rain expected later in the day. He struggled to walk the rolling hills of the cemetery, passing an endless ocean of white crosses. Crosses representing sacrifice. He felt sweat seeping through the back of his suit jacket and his aging knees creaked, but he pushed on.
Unlike most tourists, he walked past the eternal flame of John F. Kennedy without a glance. He wasnt here for politicians. He avoided the trip to view the changing of the guard at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. The soldiers he came to visit were very much known to him.
He laid patriotic ribbons at the gravesite of each member of his Vietnam unit who didnt come home, including his best friend Greg Ponson, who died in the arms of the doctor who saved his own life during the Tet Offensive in 1968.
Rutherford moved to Section-59, where twenty-one fallen comrades were buried. They made up a portion of the over two hundred US military personnel killed at the hands of terrorists on October 23, 1983, in Beirutan event for which he still felt responsible, and which had shaped his views for the last twenty-plus years. He read the namesCorporal Angelini 1962-1983, Sergeant Laird 1954-1983, First Lieutenant Brewer 1960-1983, Javier R. Heredia, #m-3 United States Navy 1958-1983. And so on, twenty-one times. Kerry Rutherford saluted the men, remembering it like it was yesterday. Tears leaked out from underneath his sunglasses, and he wiped them away as if they were perspiration.
It was just after six oclock on that fateful October morning in 1983 when a large delivery truck drove to the Beirut International Airport, which also contained the US Marine barracks. After turning onto an access road leading to the campus, the truck rushed through a barbed-wire fence, passed between two sentry posts, and then crashed through the gate to deliver a direct hit on the lobby of the barracks. The driver detonated the explosives and the four-story building crumbled to the ground, crushing numerous US servicemen while they were sleeping.
Kerry Rutherford was a DIA intelligence officer in the region and believed that the agency was also asleep, although not in a literal way. He felt they should have been awake to the danger, but politicians and bureaucrats didnt allow them to do their job to the best of their ability. If they had, then maybe they wouldve recognized the complexity of the enemy the U.S. now facedone willing to trade lives in return for a carton of Western blood. It foreshadowed the modern day quandary: how does a civilization fight an enemy who is willing to sacrifice their lives for the cause, when its society has embraced a culture where such a sacrifice of life is unacceptable?
The only answer was for America to create its own clandestine fighting force to match this new enemy. Much sacrifice would be necessary, and failure was not an option. Operation Anesthesia would come to symbolize that sacrifice.
But hed become convinced that Anesthesia had run its course. He knew that being exposed, which the Iran hostage debacle almost did, would ruin all the work they had done over the last twenty years for the greater good.


Chapter 17

Billy thought they had covered all their bases last night concerning his first official day as Carolyns babysitter. But he grossly underestimated the neurosis of Beth Whitcomb.
The house was littered with notes like a Post-it bomb had detonated. He spotted the first note on the kitchen counter. It provided instructions concerning Carolyns pain medication for her tongue. Another hung inside the refrigerator, banning solid food, and providing a choice of applesauce, pudding, and strawberry milk. In the breakfast nook was a note reminding him to check her for fevers every half hour. The largest of the memorandums was taped on the front door. It stated that they were under no circumstances to miss, or be late for, the long overdue ceremony to spread Beverlys ashes over the Long Island Sound, which was to begin at seven oclock sharp. It was going to be a long day.
Billys first challenge was to get the notoriously deep sleeper out of bed. As always, she began the night in the airport hanger disguised as her bedroom, but after her first dream about dragons she was planted neatly between her parents in their bed. The room was usually full of sunlight from its surrounding windows, which provided a greenhouse effect. But with drapes drawn, Billy entered into darkness.
He softly shook her, not even receiving a budge. Just a slight whistling snore between the toothless window in the front of her mouth, exposing her healing, but still mangled tongue. He was no child psychologist by any means, but knew that people mutilated themselves in an attempt to fill a painful void. So why would such a carefree, happy child commit such an act?
He never gave any credence to Beths genetic hand-me-down theory, which she sadly clung to. He also doubted that Carolyn had ever witnessed Beth hurting herself, resulting in a copycat crime. He did believe Beth, when she said she stopped any self-destructive behavior the day the Healing Angel of Pain allegedly talked to her. The only other motivation he could think of was attention. But he doubted the charismatic kid would need to go to such extremes to have the class in the palm of her hand. Nothing added up. She was a happy childshe had no painful void.
Lacking answers, he checked a few more notes, including one reminding him to bring Carolyns raincoat because of a 40% chance of rain later in the afternoon. He then turned his attention back to the task at hand. Cmon, sleepy head, time to get up. 
Her eyes opened for a brief moment, before drifting back into her soothing coma.
Billy went to Plan B. He walked to the large drapes that acted as an impenetrable fortress against the bright morning sunlight. He pulled them open in one sweeping motion. Sun barreled into the room and it sure didnt look like a 40% chance of rain. Carolyn turned onto her stomach in disgust and planted her face into the pillow.
Cmon, sleepy head, he urged once more.
She defiantly pulled her pillow over her head.
Still thinking about her tongue, a strange thought popped into his head. He remembered Chuck telling him how she never complained about the deep eye abrasion. He recalled her giggle after the heavy bookcase split her head open. Billy was numb on the inside, so maybe Carolyn was numb on the outside. His fiction-writing mind then ran wild. Could she be an alien? A superhero? Beth did refer to her as an angel. This girl couldnt feel anything!
He reached his hand to her small arm. Her head was still under the pillow. He pinched as hard as he could.
Carolyn turned over immediately like shed been shot. Her hair was a tangled mess and she rubbed sleep from her eyes. 
Billy laughed at his paranoia. She felt me, but Im not gonna apologize for having a good imagination.
Its about time, sleepyhead.
She rubbed more sleep out of her eyes. Hey, Im not a morning person. 
Her clothing was laid out on a chair in orderly fashion. There was a pair of child-size jeans, mini-sneakers with flashing lights, and a light sweater that featured a large picture of a cow on the front. It was  
Thats ugly, Carolyn said with a cringe.
Billy agreed, but the note indicated that Evelyn had knitted the sweater for Carolyns birthday as part of the barnyard series shed been creating. So there was no way around it, the sweater was mandatory.
Carolyn negotiated to tie the sweater around her waist until the ceremony, and just wear a T-shirt during the day. She won the first battle in what Billy assumed would be many throughout the day. Her T-shirt of choice had a red maple leaf on the front with the caption, Canadian Kids R Cool. Billy then tried to help brush her tangled hair. Carolyn got frustrated with his ineptness, and asserted, Im a big girl, before taking matters into her own hands. She clipped on a barrette and made herself look better than Billy ever could have.
When she finished, a curious look formed on her face. She realized her normal morning pattern had been amended. Her face scrunched as she asked, Wheres my mom?
Shes at school.
Face scrunched again. Wheres my dad?
Hunting.
Its just you and me?
Yes.
Glee swallowed up her scrunch. Were gonna haff fun! 
They moved into the kitchen area. Carolyn sat in the breakfast nook and glugged down a glass of strawberry milk. She needed tongue-friendly food, so Billy made his morning specialCream of Wheat with chocolate chips melted in. Carolyn wasnt sure what to make of it, but followed Billys lead. She stirred it and the white Cream of Wheat turned chocolaty brown. He then made a moat around the outside and filled it with strawberry milk. The final touch was to sprinkle sugar on the center island like he was spreading fertilizer. He warned her it was hot, especially with her tongue recently sewn back together, but she threw caution to the wind and dug in. Billy burned his own tongue on it. With a half-smile, he shook his head at her fearlessness.


Chapter 18

After breakfast, an arduous ten-minute ordeal occurred where Billy attempted to strap Carolyn into her car-seat. Strangely, the girl who bit off her tongue for kicks, kept repeating the mantra, Safety first! as he continued to struggle. When he mercifully got her strapped in, they headed into town in his Cherokee.
They found a parking place in New Canaan town center and walked the rest of the way. It was a quintessential New England village with brick-lined sidewalks, historic looking street lamps, and rows of quaint two-story brick buildings. Rugged trees were mixed in, providing country shade.
Carolyn struggled with the inclines of the rolling hills, but showed her usual determined grit as she fought to keep up with him. They passed antique stores, boutiques, coffee bars, and trendy bistros. When they passed by firemen washing their trucks outside the firehouse, she negotiated to play on the fire trucks. Billy didnt think it would be a good idea to be late for his first day of work, so she had to settle for a kid-sized, plastic fire-helmet offered by the firemen.
They eventually arrived at the Shoreline Times, which occupied the second floor of a building on Cherry Street, squeezed between an old-fashioned-style bank and a cozy-looking spa called Aetheria. 
The Shoreline Times was a free local newspaper distributed in New Canaan and surrounding towns. Once a thriving gossip tabloid for the social elite, it was now often used for similar tasks as Hawk used it for. Not exactly the New York Times, but a job was a job. It published twice a weekSunday and Wednesdayand Billy was to write a local human-interest story for each issue at little pay, and nothing resembling benefits. But he couldnt complain, since he had no previous experience writing or reporting for a paper, and the only reason he got the job was because the editor owed Dana a favor. His first story was going to be on a local diner called Mollys that was celebrating its 100th anniversary. But Billy had bigger plans for his second story. He planned on writing a retrospective on the Abandoned Girl, twenty years later.
After a predictably bland lunch interview at Mollys, Billy decided that his first step for the Abandoned Girl Revisited story would be to retrace Beths path that fateful Christmas Day. He and Carolyn would take the train to where it all beganan hour-long trip to Grand Central Terminal in New York. Carolyn celebrated the news of their train ride by letting out a loud, Choo-choo!
As they waited for their train to arrive, Billy looked down at the small girl who kept fussily adjusting her toy firefighter helmet. He again wondered how anyone could abandon their four-year-old daughter. 

Billy wasnt sure what his expectation was, but the trip into the city accomplished very little, at least in regards to Beths abandonment. But they did get a chance to visit Danas office on Lexington Avenue, which was surprisingly busy for an agency that had never sold a book. 
Dana greeted Carolyn with an energetic hug, and exclaimed, I love your hat.
Carolyn felt for her firefighter hat, as if shed forgotten she was wearing it, and then began rambling about her day with Billy: Firefighters! Ice cream at Mollys! Choo-choo train!
When she finally ran out of breath, Dana turned to Billy. Ive been trying to write your bio. I cant believe you kept this Amish Rifle stuff from me. Not to mention, you also held out on me with these childrens books that Beth was raving about at the party.
It was the least of what he was holding back. I thought I said I didnt want to discuss my past.
I know, I know. Something about a rear-view mirror, blah, blah, blah.
I dont see how my personal life has anything to do with whether I can write books.
He was familiar with her marketing lecture that followed, which she always punctuated with: theres a reason they call them starving artists!
Im not going to discuss it with youIm going to discuss it with Carolyn. Did you know your friend Billy was a big football star?
Wow!
Did you know he stood up for his principles and left football to concentrate on his academics?
Wow!
I thought I said I didnt want to talk about it, Dana, Billys voice intensified.
Cmon, Billy, yesterday you were all about my familys past, but you cant spare a few details of your own?
Life isnt fair. 
A smile broke out over Danas face. Can you just tell me one thing and I promise Ill shut up?
And that would be?
Still smiling, she asked, I understand the rifle part was a metaphor for your strong arm, Mr. Amish Rifle. But are you really Amish?
Actually Pennsylvania Dutch, but 
Thats the same thing.
Its different.
Did you ride around in one of those horse and buggies?
For your information, we had a station wagon and lived in an apartment building with electricity.
Youre both silly, Carolyn said.
They all laughed. 
Dana took them out to lunch at a posh Manhattan eatery. They then returned together to New Canaan on the train for Beverlys going away party. It was the same trip that Beth took alone when she was Carolyns age. 
When they got out at the New Canaan train station, the skies had turned threatening. Mother always knows best.


Chapter 19

A boat had been chartered to take Beverly out to her final resting place. A party at sea was to follow, which according to Dana, would mimic the way her grandmother had livedcrammed with friends, a flowing stream of alcohol, and no expense spared. 
Billy chauffeured Dana and Carolyn to the Norwalk Cove Marina, where the boat was to be launched. Carolyn requested he put on the radio and he obliged. He twisted the knob, old-school styleonly the AM radio worked in the Cherokee. He stopped on a station where a loud political talk show host was screeching about the Iran hostages. Should have gone in! The president committed treason by not doing so!
Dana made a face.
Hes loud, Carolyn said from her car seat in the back, putting her hands over her ears.
Billy agreed, and changed the station. A familiar voice sprung out at them.
Hey, thats Hawk, Carolyn cheerfully said. Can we listen to it?
Billy didnt want to. I thought you didnt like Hawk?
I dont, but I really like hockey. Hawk talks about hockey a lot.
She was once again emulating her dad, and again got her way. 
With a crackle of static, Hawks booming vocals filled the Cherokee, Welcome back for the last half hour of the Hawk on Sports show. Before I get back to the Yankee game from last night, I got a good story for you, Art.
Arts job description seemed to be to agree with Hawk at all times and laugh at his attempts at humor. He also sounded like he might have had one too many cocktails before the show.
Whats that Hawk?
Im at a birthday party Sunday afternoon at my neighbors house.
You were at a birthday party on the opening week of the NFL?
Dont even go there, Art, Hawk said and boomed a laugh. Thank God for DVR. Anyway, I run into this guy who I recognize, but cant place him. Finally it hits me like a ton of bricks. Who do you think it is?
Not a real man. A real man would be home in his recliner with a beer and a remote, watching the NFL package.
Youre cruising for a bruising, Art, Hawk said and laughed again, It was Billy Harper. You know, the Amish Rifle.
Ohio State Billy Harper? The guy who led the comeback against Michigan like a hundred years ago?
Billy tried to change the station, but Dana grabbed his hand, suddenly interested.
The one and only, Hawk continued. Billy could feel him smirking right through the radio.
Remember when he quit the next year because he was so interested in his education and that evil universityyou know, the one paying for his fifty-thousand-dollar a year education with his football scholarshipwas keeping little Billy from doing his biology homework?
I do.
You would guess such an educated man would be running a major corporation or curing a disease, right? What do you think Billy Harper is doing with himself these days?
Art laughed. This must be good.
Billy Harper, the one-time Rose Bowl MVP, was dressed in an Elmo costume working the party.
Ouch, Art said like it physically pained him.
Billy felt Danas grip loosen on his hand. Probably to allow him to switch the station and maintain the little dignity he had left. But thats when Art said it.
The last time I heard that name was when we used to do that feature called Arrested Athlete of the Day. If I recall correctly, he beat his wife up real good. Pretty ugly stuff.
I forgot about that, Hawk recalled, his tone glazed with epiphany. If half these athletes could hit the ball as good as they hit their wives, theyd all be in the Hall of Fame.
And then when we tried to get his mug shot to put up on the website for our Hall of Shame the next day, the police acted like I was crazy. No mug shot, no police report, nothing. It was as if it never happened, Art said.
Typical pampered athlete using his fame and privilege to cover things up. If that was you or me, Art, wed be auditioning to be somebodys girlfriend up at Rikers Island.
Art continued with his inebriated laughter. Maybe the Elmo costume was actually a prison jumpsuit, and the party was his community service.
They both had a good laugh at Billys expense, before moving on to yelling about the Yankees. Billy flipped off the radio so hard he thought he broke the knob.
Carolyn didnt even know his last name was Harper, so she didnt associate the two. But Dana was another story. She pulled away from Billy so sharply he thought she might leap right out the door.
Billy wasnt going to defend himself, even though Danas silence wasnt of the innocent until proven guilty variety. He was determined to leave the past where he felt it belonged. 
Carolyn was anything but silent when they arrived at the marina. She barricaded herself in the backseat and loudly announced that she didnt want to go. Her mood had done a complete nosedive.
Cmon Carolyn, we have to say goodbye to Great Granny, Dana said.
I dont wanna go!
Why not?
Billy thought he might have underestimated her, and she really did understand what was said on the radio.
She mustered a sad shrug. I dont know.
Is it because you miss your Great Granny?
She shrugged again. I dont think so.
Dana smiled at her. You know when somebody dies they go to heaven. Its a really nice place.
She laughed, which surprised Billy. No you dont  you go to Sesame Street.
Who taught you that? Dana asked with a quizzical look.
My dad.
Then in a complete mood reversal, she began singing: Sunny Day, sweeping the clouds away. On my way to where the air is sweet. Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street.
When she finished, they discovered the real reason she didnt want to attend. She didnt want to wear the mandatory cow sweater. But she eventually compromised, after being promised a return trip to Mollys the next day for an ice cream with extra sprinkles.
Billy let out a sigh of relief, even though he knew it was only a temporary reprieve.


Chapter 20

Beth met them on the promenade deck of the boat that advertised itself as the only authentic side-wheeler in the northeast. She was predictably skeptical that Carolyn would make it through the day in one piece. When Carolyn ran to her, Beth instinctively felt her head for a fever she didnt have.
Beth met Dana with a hug and a peck on the cheek. She greeted Billy warmly, but he knew the minute she and Dana talked, he might as well pack his stuff.
Evelyn met them with a glass of champagne in one hand and the urn in the other, her wild orange hair blowing in the wind. She was overly tanned, having moved to Florida with Beverlys remains. She kept telling Beth that Beverly had left important items for her that she planned to bring with her on her next trip up from Florida. Beths look said they couldnt be that important if Evelyn had waited a year to give them to her.
Despite a steady rain, the ceremony went off without a hitch, with the one exception that the stiff wind blew Beverlys ashes back onto the boat after they were finally tossed out over the water. But since the inebriated Evelyn kept referring to Billy as Chuck for the entire night, he doubted that she noticed. 

As the rest of the week sped by, Billy continued to be surprised that A) he still lived on the Whitcombs property, B) he was still Carolyns babysitter, and C) Chuck hadnt returned home to shoot him. 
He couldnt imagine Dana not telling Beth what she heard on the radio. And he expected Beths reaction to be swift and unforgiving; to the point that hed be begging Chuck for a mercy shot.
Billy would spend the mornings working on his writingcoming up with ideas for his second novel, along with the next installment of Peanut Butter & Jelly. Then midday, he and Carolyn would work in the yard. She especially liked riding around with him on the tractor, cutting the lawn. He also got his bike out of the mothballs and they would ride around the cul-de-sac. He used the evenings to write his articles for the Shoreline Times. 
Billy continued writing the retrospective article on Beth without her authorization, figuring he had nothing to lose. He used Dana as his source, also without permission. He was sure hed soon be looking for a new agent, also. 
Chuck was to return Friday night. Billy figured thats when the guillotine would drop on his rental agreement, and perhaps his neck. But regardless, he still had a Friday deadline for the Sunday edition. He finished the article on Mollys by Wednesday, but had yet to finish the retrospective on the abandoned girl. He wanted it to be the best thing hed ever written. He sat at his laptopa Dana Boulanger charitable contributionfinishing the final paragraphs.
Carolyn wasnt especially interested in her mothers legacy. She wanted to play.
You wanna catch fireflies, Billy?
He looked up from the laptop. Not right now, Carolyn. We are going to barbecue some chicken in a few minutes. You can help meyour dad is going to be home tonight.
It didnt register. HeyI gotta good idea. I think we should ride bikes!
No.
How bout we color? She got up to run. Ill get the crayons.
No, Carolyn!
She stopped and turned back toward him, looking at him with her big negotiator eyes. Then I guess were gonna haff to ride bikes, she said with a wispy shrug and grin.
Billy devised a compromisethey would both write. He wrote his article, while she scribbled with crayons on a piece of scrap paper.
Im writing a story just like you, Billy.
Thats good.
When I grow up Im gonna be a newspaper writer.
I thought you were going to be a firefighter?
She sighed. Cant a girl change her mind?
He couldnt hide his smile. Im not sure newspapers will still be around when youre my age. Maybe you should think about starting a blog instead.
Blog rhymes with frog, she said, then performed her best imitation of oneribbit  ribbit. It was cute the first few times, but got old real quick.
They finished their masterpieces simultaneously. Billy emailed his story to his editor, and Carolyn displayed her work for his viewing. The scribbles werent legible, but that didnt stop Carolyn from reading them aloud, I love Mommy, Daddy, Billy, Aunt Dana. I hope they never die and go to Sesame Street. But if they do, I hope I can come because it would be fun!
He was really going to miss her.
They moved to the top of the cottage and Billy started the barbecue. Regardless of his fate, he thought cooking a meal for Chuck and Beth would be the least he could do for giving him one of the most fulfilling weeks hed had in a long time.
Carolyn was his assistant, stirring the barbecue sauce before Billy brushed it on the chicken. She referred to it as painting the chicken. But she ate most of the profits by dipping her finger into the spicy sauce and licking it off.
Doesnt it sting? he asked, thinking of her wounded tongue.
She giggled and took another fingerful. Like a bee?
Something like that.
She made a buzzing sound. Im gonna sting you, Billy, she said and poked him with her finger.
He smiled. Come on and help me paint the chicken before you eat it all.
In one ear and out the other. Now you be a bee and try to sting me!
She began to run from him.
Get back here, Carolyn  be careful!
She continued to run, heading for the steep stairs. You cant catch me, Billy!
I said get back here, Carolyn! 
She rapidly approached the dangerous stairs. 
Watch me fly like a bee, Billy!
Nooo, Carolyn!
She looked back and smiled
And then she jumped.


Chapter 21

Following another morning visit to Arlington, Kerry Rutherford instructed his driver to take him to his Northern Virginia estate so he could get some much needed rest and relaxation. Benny, his longtime driver, rolled his eyes and mentioned that he didnt think Rutherford would ever get any rest until he caught all the bad guys. Benny was right.
They drove past the Pentagon, which was the castle where Rutherford was king for so many years. Then into the bumper-to-bumper morning traffic of I-95 South. They passed Quantico, where he had done the majority of his marine training. Memories hit him like a wave pounding the beach.
Twenty minutes after Benny dropped him off at his home, Rutherford was in his government-issued, bulletproof GMC Yukon XL. He drove out of the city, the road soon turning into a quiet highway lined by thick trees and overhanging greenery. He arrived in Fredericksburg an hour later, a sleepy city off of I-95, the complete opposite of the busy Beltway area. The main drag in the town featured nothing but chain store after chain store, which all blended together into a monotonous backdrop. That was one of the reasons they selected it. 
Rutherford turned off a road that rested between an Applebees and a NAPA Auto Parts. He passed through a small historic district, which included George Washingtons childhood home. The place where he allegedly claimed he never told a lie. Rutherford respected the father of his country, admiring him as a courageous soldier and leader, but doubted Washington would have been an effective intelligence officer with such a philosophy.
He arrived at a row of block-shaped warehouses in an industrial park. He turned into the first driveway, pulling up to a nondescript, windowless cube of cement. It was the building that had housed Stipe Security for the last twelve years. The expectation would be that one of the worlds leading security companies would be housed in a luxury high-rise, but remaining low profile was the key to their survival.
Franklin Stipe had always been a problem, but lately his over-the-top attitude had gone too far, and the threatening phone call demanding this meeting was the last straw. Iran was a long overdue wake-up call for Rutherford. He had created Stipe Security with the sole purpose of funneling money to Operation Anesthesia via legitimate government contracts, and had put Stipe, then a young marine, in charge. And now he was going to put an end to it before it was too late.
Stipe sat behind a cluttered desk with his usual cocky grin.
I got your message, Rutherford greeted him coldly. What do you want?
Since youre in charge of all U.S. intelligence, shouldnt you know?
Thats the same smug arrogance that led to the debacle in Iran.
I thought I heard you say in your press conference that no such mission took place. An intelligence officer not telling the truth, Im shocked. 
I thought I made myself very clearAnesthesia is over. Rutherford had little patience, and even less for a subordinate like Stipe.
One mistake in twenty years and youre ready to bail? Are you sure you just arent covering your own ass now that youre Mr. Big Shot? Rutherford wanted to physically remove Stipes smirk from his face, as he continued, Funny how all that patriotic, greater-good mumbo jumbo sounded better when you didnt have such a high-profile target on your ass.
This wasnt one incident. Nor did the downfall start and end in Iran. This happened because of power struggles within the ranks that diverted focus from the original mission statement. Each small crack has laid the foundation of a fault line, and Im going to put an end to it before a major earthquake occurs.
Stipe stood and limped to the water cooler. His shirt was unbuttoned to his navel, exposing his scars. It was as if he was trying to show Rutherford he was every bit the soldier he was, like a child trying to live up to his father. 
Good thing you set me up with a good medical plan when you set this place up, Kerry. Going through workers comp is a bitch. Just one big bureaucracythe only thing worse is the government.
You still havent told me why Im here, Rutherford said, anger building.
Oh yeah, I almost forgot, Stipe said, having returned behind his desk, We have another bidder. Either you pay up and continue to support Operation Anesthesia, or well be forced to go another direction. You know, free market. Isnt that the American way weve been fighting for all these years?
Another bidder?
Al Muttahedah. Theyre  he stopped in mid sentence, maintaining his mocking grin, Oh right, youd know who they are. 
You sick son of a bitch, Rutherford lost his usual cool. I started this operation for the greater good, and thats how its going to go out. And some little piss-ant like you isnt going to change that.
It was your idea to go to Iran and snoop around on the taxpayer money you funneled to Stipe Security.
And if you didnt screw it up then maybe we wouldnt be in this predicament!
Stipe took out a small recorder and placed it on the desk. If you are so confident all this was for the good of mankind, Im sure you wont have a problem sending this tape to Senator LaRoche, to see what his congressional panel thinks of it.
Rutherford took a step back. He felt woozy. Youre taping this?
Were one of the leading security companies in the country. We tape everything. Its the sending it to Congress part Id be worried about if I was you.
Give me the tape! Do you know who you are dealing with? Rutherford barked, swiping unsuccessfully at the recorder.
Stipe laughed as he tossed the recorder to Rutherford, who awkwardly caught it. Im not taping you. Only Nixon was stupid enough to do that. Besides, if I were, youd never know until it was too late. But I do think its important that you come to the realization that youre no longer in charge of this operation.
Are you threatening me?
Im not threatening anyone. This is just good old fashioned capitalismsupply and demand. And its not just me; the doctors are in full agreement. Either you continue to fund our services or I go to Al Muttahedah. Those are my orders.
Rutherford wasnt worried about himself; hed already given his life for his country. He had sacrificed everything to protect the U.S. from an enemy like the one Stipe was willing to do business with. He doubted the part about Naqui being part of this coup dtat, but wasnt as sure as he once was.
He visualized the mushroom cloud rising up from the city streets. America was his child, and if his child were kidnapped then he would grit his teeth and pay the ransom.
Ill pay, he gave in.
Good, Stipe replied, and handed him a photo that featured an attractive family of blonds. Since were still on the same team, I guess you should take a look at these.
Whats this? Rutherford asked with annoyance.
These are the Lerners. Theyre our new recruits, partner.


Chapter 22

The doctors in the emergency room at Norwalk Hospital told the Whitcombs what they could. Carolyn had a broken collarbone and severely sprained ligaments in her right ankle. Her little body was covered with cuts and abrasions, looking like a painted mural of reds and purples. 
Billy looked on, bewildered, and more concerned with what the doctors couldnt tell them. How did a four-year-old girl leap off a twenty-five foot drop, and then get up and run again? These doctors were trained in the scientificnot the mystical.
Billy relived the moment, still unable to wrap his mind around what hed witnessed. He couldnt shake the horror he felt when she jumpedhed remember it for the rest of his life. She was heading toward certain death when her foot caught on one of the steps. She veered off to the right, and luckily tumbled over the railing and toward a bush. The bush slightly slowed her descent, but she still crashed to the ground with a vicious thud. 
Then things turned science fiction. Not only was Carolyn not dead, but she rose to her feet. She started running again, her right ankle limply hanging. She craned her neck back at Billy, who stood stunned at the top of the stairs. And without missing a beat, she exclaimed, You cant catch me, Billy!
She tried to point in his direction, but her shoulder was out of joint and hung lifelessly at her side. Her ankle had turned to jelly, buckling under as she tried to run. She kept falling to the ground like a drunk failing a sobriety test. The look on her face was not pain, but confusion. 
He could tell the doctors doubted his improbable interpretation of events. He wouldnt have believed it himself if he hadnt seen it with his own eyes. The superhero and alien theories didnt seem so wild anymore. The doctors fit Carolyn with a sling for her badly damaged collarbone and an air-cast for the ankle. They gave her pain medication, although Billy wasnt sure it would be necessary.
Beth and Chuckwho was already on his way home from his hunting trip when he got the call took their daughter home, along with the eight-hundred-pound gorilla in the room that wasnt addressed. Those answers would have to wait until Monday when they were scheduled to meet with the leading pediatric neurologists at Yale/New Haven Hospital. 
Something else was nagging at Billy. Why hadnt Dana told Beth and Chuck about his arrest? He would have been an instant suspect in Carolyns swan dive off the staircase, if they knew. But he was in no hurry to open that smelly can of worms. 
Carolyn spent the weekend confined to a wheelchair. She was fascinated with how certain body parts no longer operated correctly, but showed no signs of pain. She actually seemed to be reveling in being in her wheelchair, having her every whim catered to like a true princess.
Beth and Chuck were paralyzed by uncertainty. Especially Beth, who had always been convinced there was something horribly wrong with her daughter, linked to her own self-destructive behavior. She looked resigned to the fact that Mondays consultation would cement her fears.
The dark clouds lifted slightly Sunday morning. The Shoreline Times arrived with two pictures of Beth Whitcomb on the front cover, twenty-one years apart. Abandoned No More was the boldfaced headline.
Billy made his chocolate Cream of Wheat specialty, requested by the princess, while Chuck read aloud. The article didnt delve into Beths most recent abandonment by the Boulangers. Rather, it focused on an intelligent, caring mother who found love with a hockey player, and was the proud owner of the worlds most wonderful daughter. 
When he finished reading, Carolyn tried to clap, but her shoulder wouldnt work. So she raised her glass of strawberry milk with her healthy arm and toasted Beth. Mommy rocks!
Chuck and Billy held up their orange juice and seconded, Mommy rocks!
Beth was overcome with emotion. Billy wasnt sure what to expect since he hadnt sought permission, and they hadnt exactly gotten off to the best start together. Hed assumed that he would have been evicted by this point anyway, which wouldve rendered it a non-issue. But ever since their confrontation in the cottage, they had slowly begun to chip away at each others icy exterior. 
By Sunday night, everyone, including Carolyn, started to grasp the gravity of the situation and the house grew ominously quiet. They stared blankly at the television, before Chuck took Carolyn up to her room to tuck her in for the night. After he sang his nightly lullabiesa customized version of Neil Diamonds Sweet Caroline, which he changed to Sweet Carolyn, and so as to not damage his macho image, Metallicas Enter Sandmanhe passed the baton.
Billy entered the airport hanger and sat on the edge of her bed, story in hand. She called him to come closer and whispered in her most serious tone, I dont like hospitalsI dont wanna go.
Theyre going to make you all better, so you dont have to be in a wheelchair anymore.
I kind of like being in a wheelchair. Its funand everybody is sessing over me.
Billy had predicted such fears, and brought with him what he felt was the perfect Peanut Butter & Jelly story for the situation. In this one Peanut Butter needed to have her tonsils out, but she was scared. So the two girls came up with a plan to escape from the hospital, and almost pulled it off, before a nice doctor caught them. They learned the lesson that doctors are there to help them, and it ended happily with a bowl of ice cream for the girls.
Will I get ice cream? Carolyn asked.
If you are a good girl you will. Then when you come home, were going to color, ride bikes, paint the chicken, you name it.
Her face twisted with anxiousness. Whoayoure going, right?
I have to work on my articles.
A lonely tear trickled down her apple cheek. Stick together, remember?
Billy remembered why he had a rule about dating actresses. He always gave in to the drama. Youre rightstick together.


Chapter 23

Monday morning, Billy and the Whitcombs traveled thirty minutes up the Merritt Parkway to Yale/New Haven Hospital. 
Billy knew they were dealing with something very rare because every few minutes a different doctor would stroll into Carolyns room with a wide-eyed look of wonderment. They would poke and prod her, before uttering, remarkable or never seen anything like it. 
She was officially a science experiment.
A team of doctors interviewed the Whitcombs. They rubbed their chins and took copious notes. Beth opened up about her drinking and self-destructive behavior. The doctors continued writing. They asked her about family history of diseases, focusing on any potential leprosy, paresthesia, and TB, but all she could contribute was the adoption/abandonment tale. 
Billy retold the story of the little girl jumping off the porch and then gleefully running away, despite significant structural injury to her limbs. They wrote more notes and continued rubbing chins.
Billy tried to keep Carolyns spirits up. He would come to visit in the early morning, then leave to work on his stories in the afternoon, before returning in the evening. This weeks article was a feature on the starting quarterback for New Canaan High for the upcoming season. The hook was that it was a female. Dana, who was surprisingly still his agent, and acting as if the radio incident never happened, quipped that if the Amish could successfully quarterback then it should be a piece of cake for women. 
As the week moved on, Carolyn continued to be treated like a cross between a circus freak and an extraterrestrial, and her spirits continued to spiral. When Billy left Friday morning, she gave a halfhearted, See ya later, alligator.
He could tell her heart wasnt in it. She tried to smile at him, but it came out in the form of a frown. Then more doctors arrived with fake smiles that she saw right through. Remarkable. Never seen anything like it.
Billy had received more response to his retrospective article on Beth than he ever would have thought. He had his doubts that anyone actually read the Shoreline Times. Most were complimentary reviews of the article via emailan address was included with his bylinebut one correspondence stood out from the others. It was from a Debi Edelstein, who alleged to have been in Grand Central on that Christmas Day and witnessed Beths parents conspire to put her on a train. Billy agreed to meet her at the scene of the crime. 
Debi Edelstein had a thick head of brown hair that time had streaked with gray. She carried herself as a savvy New Yorker, and was blessed with the gift of gab, barely letting Billy get a word in. Based on her sophisticated look, she definitely didnt come across as a kook, but Billy knew all too well that looks could be deceiving.
She informed him that shed been waiting to meet her husband and son that day in the exact spot she and Billy now stood. They had planned to meet at Grand Central, where they would grab a subway to Penn Station to catch the Knicks game that night. Quoting the well-known Christmas carol, she said that on Christmas night all Christians sing, and then joked that all Jews go to basketball games. 
As she waited for her family to arrive, she took note of Beths biological parents. Their unsettled behavior stood out to her, from their nervous body language to their too-loud talk of people being after them. She claimed to have sought out a security guard, but by the time she returned, the family was already gone, and she never pursued her suspicions with the police. When Billy asked her reaction when the same girl turned up abandoned in Connecticut, she said she never knew anything about it until she read Billys retrospective during a visit to her sons home in Westport this past Sunday. The lifetime Mannhattanite suggested that it never made big headlines in New York, probably buried under stories of ten other abandoned kids. 
Her sudden connection after viewing the photo of a child she only briefly crossed paths with over twenty years ago seemed a little convenient and a lot unlikely to Billy. But he did his due diligence, pushing her as to what she thought they were up to. Her theory was that they were selling the girl on the black market, and those after them were the authorities, perhaps the FBI.
As a fiction writer, Billy could respect a wild theory. And fresh off watching a little girl attempt to fly, and live, he was in no position to rule anything out. But he found it a little too grassy knoll, and got the feeling that Debi Edelstein might be a frustrated screenwriter with an overactive imagination. Im just not gonna apologize for having a good imagination. But thats when she mentioned the disfigured brother Beth talked of, remembering the mother calling the boy Nathan.
The obvious question was, how she could remember the name of a passerby in a train station who she supposedly hadnt thought about in over twenty years. She answered that Nathan was the name of her own son, which had sparked a haunting vision of her son being disfigured. She claimed that she couldnt get the thought out of her mind for days. 
Billy wasnt sure what to make of this, but he couldnt deny that Beth and Debi Edelstein remembering the same disfigured brother named Nathan couldnt have been a coincidence. The only thing Billy was sure of was that there was a lot more to the story of the abandoned girl.
He took Debi Edelsteins number and boarded a train back to Connecticut with more questions than he started with. As the train careened out of Grand Central tunnel into the bright sunlight of upper Manhattan, a man sat down beside him. He was probably in his late fifties or early sixties, and was dressed nattily in a shirt and tie.
Billy Harper? he asked.
Billy looked surprised. How do you know who I am?
Ive been following you.
This got his attention.
I work on my own these days. I make less money, but I take on clients I like, and do stress-free stuff like real estate closings and wills. I used to work for the sweatshop law firm Evans, Kramer & Gordon. Hundred hour weeksworked on holidaysnever saw my family. My best friend dropped dead of a heart attack one day at forty-two. He shook his head sadly. Forty-two. I still cant believe it. Had two daughters, a wife 
Im not following.
What Im trying to tell you, Mr. Harper, is I worked in the city on Christmas Day, twenty-one years ago. I lived in Greenwich and took the train home that evening. There were very few people on the train. I happened to be sitting by a four-year-old girl named Elizabeth.
What are you telling me?
Its not what Im telling youits what she told me. I asked her how old she was and she said four, but was five on the train. I grew concerned about her. My own daughter was about the same age at the time, and I couldnt imagine her riding the train by herself, so I asked her if she was meeting someone.
Who was she going to meet?
She said she was on her way to meet someone she called Mrs. B.
Billy reached for some extra air for his lungs. All of a sudden Debi Edelsteins black market theory didnt sound far off. In fact, it seemed the most likely scenario. Beth was headed for someone specific. She was sold. Sold to Mrs. B.
The man continued, When I arrived in Greenwich, I realized who Mrs. B was. It was Tom Boulangers wife. She ran to the little girl and wrapped her arms around her. She called her Beth. She definitely knew who she was.
So what was your reaction when the stories about the abandoned girl came out in the following days?
I knew it was a fabrication created by the Boulanger family. The little girl wasnt wandering around, and they certainly werent looking for the girls parents.
Billy looked quizzically at him. There was more to this.
The man picked up on it. Lets just say you didnt cross Tom Boulanger in those days. I just counted my blessings nobody noticed me. Like I said, dropping dead at forty-two wasnt on my things to do list.
According to his daughter, Tom Boulanger had a stroke and is in a convalescence home, and his wife, Mrs. B, died years ago. Its safe to go on record. This was all a very long time ago and everybody could use some closure.
Despite his own words, Billy knew there was no such thing as closure when it came to the past. You just hope to numb the memories the best you can.
The train stopped and the man got up. Go on record for what? Whatever conversation you think we just had, Mr. Harper, I can assure you we didnt. He jumped into the line of travelers getting off the train without another look in Billys direction, and disappeared into the crowd.
Billys cell phone rang, startling him. What now?
It was Chuck. Billy, a diagnosis is in.
What is it? he asked with trepidation.
I have no idea. Carolyn is having a temper tantrum. She wont talk to the doctors without you here. Something about sticking together.


Chapter 24

We have diagnosed Carolyn with a rare genetic disorder called Congenital Insensitivity to Pain with Anhidrosis, or CIPA for short, Dr. Carlson said.
The other Dr. Carlson in the room, her husband, picked up where his wife left off, Carolyn is at the HSAN IV level, which is inherited as an autosomal recessive trait. The specific gene affected is NTRKI and the gene product is neurotrophic tyrosine kinase receptor type one. 
The female Dr. Carlson was an attractive Asian woman, her skin appearing to be made from porcelain. Her husband was Caucasian and scruffy-looking. His cheeks were bloated and ruddy, and he had just a horseshoe ring of hair around the sides of his head. They were quite a contrast. 
She read their blank stares. Youll have to excuse my husband, he only speaks nerd. I will try to translate into English. Carolyn has a genetic disorder where she cant feel pain or temperature sensation. And when my husband said CIPA is rare, he meant its so rare that there are less than a hundred cases known in the United States at this time.
The looks turned to shock. She cant feel pain? Theres such a thing?
The female doctor continued, We found no other abnormalities with her. For example, she can feel texture. The doctor ran a scalpel along Carolyns exposed leg that descended from her hospital gown. Carolyn twitched, feeling its presence. 
She also tested positive for weight-carrying capability. So when shes carrying her My Little Pony backpack around, she feels its weight. What she cant feel is pain.
Billy remembered when he pinched her arm on the bed and she flinched. She could feel, just not pain.
The doctor flipped Carolyn onto her stomach and took out a long needle. She proceeded to insert it into Carolyns buttocks. It made everyone in the room squeamish, but Carolyn didnt even flinch. Billy now understood why she was so fearless: there was no pain to fear.
Carolyn giggled and said, She touched my hiney.
Hindsight was always twenty/twenty. How many times would you hear someone say after a loved-one spiraled into tragedy, The signs were thereI dont know how we missed them.
This case was no different. The first one was when Carolyn wasnt even fazed by what shouldve been a debilitating abrasion on her cornea. Not to mention the giggles when the bookcase hit her, causing a deep gash. Everyone just said she was tough or took after her father, and even nicknamed her the Boo-Boo Machine. Billy wondered how many other incidents had occurred before hed arrived. 
While the signs were present, each individual incident leading to the leap off the porch could have been explained away in one way or another. But a disorder where a person couldnt feel painwho would-a thunk it? It was too bizarre to even imagine!
A sense of relief started to form a groundswell, and the feeling of impending doom began to lift. Everybody was prepared for the worst, even if they didnt know exactly what that was. This wasnt the worst.
As they began to digest the surreal diagnosis, one question stood out. And Chuck asked it, I have a bum knee and a weathervane for a shoulder. Just getting out of bed in the morning can be a painful process. Isnt it a good thing she cant feel pain?
The female doctor sadly shook her head. As a mother myself, I have often prayed for any pain my child felt to be taken away. But pain has a purpose, Mr. Whitcomb. Carolyns tongue is the perfect exampleshe didnt know she was causing serious damage.
I was just havin fun, Carolyn reiterated, and for the first time it made sense.
They are natural self-mutilators, the female doctor continued, and the debilitating weight of guilt seemed to lift off of Beths shoulders. Carolyn was actually very lucky she knocked her front teeth out. Teeth are the mortal enemies of those with CIPA.
The male doctor interjected, Hot temperatures are also a problem. The scars on her hand from touching the barbecue could have been a lot worse. CIPA patients have been known to unwittingly touch scorching temperatures until it melts away the skin and bone. But the biggest long-term problem is pressure on the joints. Since they dont feel pain, they often dont realize the damage they are doing. Sadly, many end up in wheelchairs at a young age.
It can also be very dangerous if a CIPA patient gets appendicitis or tonsillitis. Since they cant detect it, it often goes untreated, and can be fatal, the female stated.
Beth seemed in the early stages of being overwhelmed. Noticing this, the female doctor grabbed her hand. I dont mean to alarm you. With the right choices and education, Carolyn can live a normal life. And she can feel where its most importantin her heart. She will feel happiness and cry when she gets her feelings hurt. Feelings on the inside always override the outside touch.
Beth released tears of relief. Chuck comforted her, while asking, Is there a cure?
The male doctor answered, There is no cure at this time. So the key is education. For example, I have a bad back and needed to be educated to bend with my legs when Im lifting heavy objects. With Carolyn, someone must test her food to make sure its not too hot, and she needs to learn to immediately stop when she recognizes blood, to name a few.
Billy remembered the sizzling Cream of Wheat she gobbled down with her tongue still an open wound.
And she must be educated about her joints. Choosing to take up the sport of hockey wouldnt be sensible. While swimming, which puts little pressure on the joints, makes sense, the male doctor added.
Studies have also shown CIPA patients to be more susceptible to emotional trauma, the female cut in. When a child grows up with no fear, they often can become reckless in their attempts to achieve feeling. Drug abuse is prevalent. I would recommend getting Carolyn into some type of therapy at a young age.
But putting the child in a bubble isnt the answer. Smart choices are, the male said. 
Billy flashed Beth an I told you so grin. The tension broke and they fell into laughter. Soon the whole room was cracking up. Billy laughed so hard his stomach hurt. It was good to feel the pain.


Chapter 25

Can I still play hockey? Carolyn asked. Her face said she didnt like where the conversation was headed.
Well talk about it later, princess, Chuck said.
Ill be really-really careful. 
She was always negotiating.
The female doctor then went into a cabinet above the examination table and pulled out a thermometer. She shook it, and then instructed, Say ah, Carolyn.
Carolyn opened her mouth as wide as she could, exposing her still-unsightly tongue, and shouted, Ahh!
She placed it under the girls tongue and then examined the reading. 100.3, she said.
Her husband nodded and offered, The fevers are very much connected to this. The without anhidrosis part means she doesnt sweat properly. That is why during intense activity she begins to boil on the inside. Like a car without a temperature gauge. As long as this is monitored and she takes the medication we prescribe, I believe the fevers can be controlled. Her symptoms are very mild in this area, and were only displayed when she was involved in extreme activity.
His wife added, Shes a lucky one. For many children with CIPA, the inability to sweat leads to mental retardation in the first few years of life, or they die from the overheating.
So how did she get this? Chuck asked.
The male doctors chest puffed out of his white lab coat. Billy could tell he really enjoyed the science part, not so much the bedside manner.
Humans have twenty-three pairs of chromosomes, he began, the exact position within a gene is called a locus. In the case of the HSAN IV, the genes are mutated in both parents and inherited by the child as an autosomal recessive trait.
His wife rolled her eyes. Once again, let me translate. Carolyn inherited this from both of you. Both parents have to be carriers, which is one of the reasons why its so rare. We estimate one in two hundred million acquire CIPA and there are less than a hundred cases in the United States. Based on the fact that two people with such a rare mutated gene found each other, I would say, in my best medical opinion, that you two truly must be soul mates. And Id also suggest purchasing lottery tickets.
The relief was oozing out of Beth. So youre saying that my drinking during pregnancy had nothing to do with this?
Absolutely not, the female doctor reprimanded. And you must stop blaming yourself. Sure, there are a unique set of challenges here, but I see parents every day who would give anything for such an intelligent, vivacious, and healthy little girl.
She patted Carolyn on the head.
I think this healthy little girl should get to play hockey! Carolyn blurted.

The doctors began taking questions from the intrigued group like they were giving a press conference. Chuck grabbed Beths hand and asked if future children would acquire CIPA. The doctors gave it a one in four chance. But other children could be carriers without symptoms. When asked why Carolyn could feel textures, but not pain, the doctors compared it to someone losing their sight but not their hearing. CIPA affects only the nerve endings.
When the Q & A session concluded, there was one more set of unfinished business.
The female doctor began, This is a rare diagnosis for us. We are confident its the right one, but we want to send Carolyn to the Jordan Childrens Hospital in North Carolina to be examined by Dr. Samuel Jordan. Dr. Jordan is one of the leading pediatric neurologists in the world, and is unequivocally the worlds leading expert in CIPA. We want him to confirm our diagnosis.
We took the liberty of setting up an appointment with Dr. Jordan for Monday. All expenses paid. Youd be flown on his private jet, the male doctor added.
Carolyns face exploded with excitement. An airplane?
Beth didnt share her daughters enthusiasm. I dont want my daughter to become some guinea pig for science. 
The doctors assured that there would be no further commitment with Dr. Jordan beyond a second opinion on the diagnosis. They also believed his CIPA experience could be helpful in setting up a training program, which could make Carolyns long road less perilous. It was an offer they couldnt refuse.

After returning home to the barn that night, the diagnosis began to somewhat sink in, as much as possible. They ordered pizza from Uncle Joes Restaurant in Norwalk, and the surreal news sure didnt put a damper on anyones appetite, especially Carolyns. It was as normal as a Friday night could be when you learn your daughter is an alien. Carolyn caught fireflies and then negotiated to play for five more minutes, which lasted about an hour. She finally gave in, changing into her pajamas and climbing into bed. Chuck sang to her, and then she called for Billy. The usual.
He didnt have a Peanut Butter & Jelly story for the occasion, but did have a few questions.
Did you understand what the doctors said?
That I got Congenital Insensitivity to Pain with Anhidrosis, silly.
Billy smiled. Thats a mouthful. Do you know what it means?
That I cant feel my boo-boos.
Thats right.
Her face scrunched in thought. What do boo-boos feel like?
You know when you get sad?
Uh-huh, like when they say I cant play hockey.
Well, thats kind of what boo-boos feel like.
Then Im really glad I dont feel boo-boos.
That makes you really special.
Dr. Carlson said Im one in a hundred million!
When Carolyn drifted off to sleep, Billy slipped out of the room. Before exiting, he glanced back at the special girl and another chunk of the iceberg broke off into the sea, his heart continuing to thaw. But like that first spring-like day in March, he knew there was always another snowstorm that would hit before spring had truly arrived.



Part Two  
Run to the Light

Chapter 26
Dr. Dash Naqui stood like many of the other tourists in the Lincoln Memorial. He was dressed in a lavender Polo shirt tucked into khaki shorts, sandals and no socks. He moved toward the enormous statue of Lincoln, who was sitting comfortably in his chair and probably wondering if the sacrifices he had made for life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness for all Americans were in vain. More than a century-and-a-half later, Naqui wondered the same thing.
He had spent the previous day lobbying Congress for federal funding of stem cell research. The only thing that made sense to him anymore was finding a cure for Claire. He never questioned that battle.
He read Lincolns words from the Gettysburg Address that was inscribed on the south wall of the memorial. They described the ultimate sacrifices for liberty. Naqui thought of the young men and women of Operation Anesthesia, whom he thought of as his own children. Many had sacrificed their lives so the nation could live. Thoughts of the children got to him, as they always did, and he was forced to walk outside, away from the crowds that had filled the memorial. 
He crossed under the thirty-two Doric columns of the memorial that gave it the look of a Greek temple, one for each state of the union at the time of Lincolns death. Naqui stared out at the Washington Monument in the distance, which hid the majestic rotunda of the US Capitolthe two great monuments of freedom were built in perfect linear symmetry. He always thought this view was a symbol of stability in the unstable world. A sign that despite all its doubts and struggles, America would always prevail, as would the dream it stood for. At least Naqui used to think so.
He looked down at his feet to see the plaque that signified where Martin Luther King Jr. stood to deliver his historic I Have a Dream speech. One specific line from the speech rushed back to him,  still languishing in the corners of American society and finds himself in exile in his own land.
Naquis fists clenched. He wondered if a man like Dr. King who provided so much hope ever questioned his own faith in America. Did he really believe his dream would come truea future in which all men stood as equals? Was it really a place worth fighting for?
But suddenly, as if Lincoln and Dr. King were whispering in his ear, Naqui felt a sudden resolve come over him. The voices told him that America is built of the people and for the people, and since people are flawed, America would always be flawed. But the ideals it stood for, the same ideals Lincoln and King fought for, were not flawed, and were worth the ultimate sacrifices. He wasnt betrayed by America, but by flawed men living within its boundaries. The same type of men who assassinated Lincoln and King. He knew Operation Anesthesia must carry on their fight.
Naqui descended the steep marble steps with renewed vigor. He turned to his left, passing the long reflecting pool, and walked toward the Vietnam Memorial. A few of his fellow veterans were selling POW tribute T-shirts with the faces of the still-missing plastered on them, along with the always-popular I Aint Fonda Jane bumper stickers. Naqui wished they could see that they were being held hostage themselves, by the past. He walked by a booth that was manned by an unkempt man with a long beard. Naqui dropped a hundred dollar bill in the cup and said, Good work soldier, to which he received a lonely grin of stained teeth.
Naqui drifted into the sunken memorial. It was created for those whose lives ended in the thick jungles of Vietnam, but if truth be told, it was built to ease the turmoil of those who survived. The names of the fallen soldiers were carved into the marble. There were so many namesso much sacrificeso much suffering. The memorial was built in the shape of a Bell Curve, the sidewalk gradually descending to the steepest point in the middle. Naqui reached the midpoint and stared upward at one specific name engraved into the black marble.
Greg Ponson was a great man. It should have been me, not him, Kerry Rutherford said in his deep baritone, standing beside Naqui. He wore dark sunglasses and a Washington Nationals baseball cap with an interlocking DC on the front. He was my best friend.
I only knew him in his final moments, Naqui said.
Yet you seek out his name before those you knew much longer.
He was the first person to die in my arms. You never forget that.
You did everything you could, Doc. If it werent for you saving my life, Id be just another name carved on this wall. They say fate saved me, but I know it was you.
Are we still on the same side, Kerry? Naqui got right to the point.
We must pull out, Dash. If we are exposed, all the work weve done will be ruined and ridiculed. The legacies of our brave soldiers will be for naught, and they will die in vain.
The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it, far above our poor power to add or detract. It is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced.
Rutherford nodded his head, recognizing the familiar words. Abraham Lincolna great patriot who understood sacrifice. People dont talk like that anymore.
I used to think the same of you, Kerry, but now you sound a lot like a politician trying to cover his ass.


Chapter 27

Rutherford simmered. Im not the one who has been questioning his faith in his country, he shot back in a loud whisper.
Did you call me to meet so we could debate who the greater patriot is? 
No, I called you here because Vietnam is where this started and now its where Im going to end it. The mission has become too clouded by power struggles. Stipe even threatened me the other day.
You brought him in 
Your protg, Dr. God, is no better. His only agenda is feeding his enormous ego. Not about sacrificing for the greater good like you and me, Dash.
Last I checked, theres never been a problem from the medical side of things. Frankly, weve done brilliant work. Iran was caused by arrogant thugs like Stipe who were too busy feeding their Rambo-complexes and overlooking basic security.
Stipe said if I discontinued our association, then Anesthesias services would be sold to a terrorist organization. I told him that there is no way in hell that Dash Naqui would ever to agree to such a thing  was I right?
Naqui said nothing. Rutherford searched deep into his friends complex eyes. He was convinced that a man like Dash couldnt just turn off his love for his country like a faucet, even if doubt was starting to cloud his view. Rutherford was sure it was a bluff, but he knew now wasnt the time to call him on it. 
They had met in Vietnam on January 29, 1968, and not under the best of circumstances. It was the Vietnamese New Year, and a cease-fire was in place, which history would note as the reason the U.S. was unprepared for the surprise attack by the North Vietnamese, now famously known as the Tet Offensive. Provincial capitals were seized and the U.S. embassy was invaded in Saigon. It became a media disaster for President Lyndon Johnson, and most believe it was the turning point in the war.
Kerry Rutherford was a young, brash, marine intelligence officer working out of the U.S. embassy in Saigon at the time of the Offensive. That was where he came in contact with his first suicide fighter. A concept that would shape his adult life. There were nineteen suicide fighters involved in the taking of the embassy. Rutherford was badly wounded and his best friend Greg Ponson was killed. Rutherford escaped death because of the heroic work of a young doctor named Dash Naqui. 
They formed a special bond that turned into a lifetime of friendship. Naqui rose to become one of the worlds leading neurologists, while Rutherford climbed the ranks in the Defense Intelligence Agency.
Their other connection was an unmatched love for their country. It was the very reason why Rutherford reached out to Naqui after the Beirut bombings. He told his friend of the enemy he foresaw threatening the next generation of Americansthe suicide bomber. He also predicted that by the turn of the century, the only way to combat this enemy would be to develop a clandestine fighting force that could get behind enemy lines, creating boundaries that would be much more fluid than the traditional nation-state. And these soldiers would have to be able to endure unimaginable locations, along with being able to match the suicide bombers willingness to sacrifice their own lives. 
The problem was that the military was too focused on the Soviet Union at the time, which Rutherford correctly predicted was a dinosaur on the brink of extinction. And intelligence agencies had been turned into government bureaucracies, no longer able to provide the undercover fortress of security they were intended to provide. Rutherford knew that to protect the nation, he would have to take the responsibility on his own shoulders.
Naqui had just returned from performing charity medical work in Thailand. He normally dealt with ailments like scurvy and cleft lips. But on this trip, he came across something he had never seen before. A young girl with a rare genetic mutation that impeded her ability to feel pain or sense temperature. It was an astonishing disorder called CIPA. 
When Dash shared his discovery with him, the wheels began to turn in Rutherfords mind. If one couldnt feel pain, then they would be fearless by nature. They would be able to travel to places like the rugged terrain of mountainous Afghanistan without having to deal with the elements to which traditional soldiers would succumb. They would run toward the gun aimed in their direction, and if captured by the enemy, no level of torture could affect them.
Rutherford brought on Franklin Stipe, a young marine working under him at the DIA. He set him up with a business called Stipe Security, which was to be used to funnel money from the DIA to Stipe under the veil of legitimate government contracts, so he could carry out his duties. Stipe then put together a team of ex-CIA and rogue bounty hunters to handle the recruiting and training.
Naqui was in charge of the medical side. His mission was to discover what those with CIPA could do, medically speaking. What were their limits, or did they have any? And what they accomplished was groundbreaking.
In 1991, just after Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait, Rutherford called on Operation Anesthesia for the first time. The CIPA soldiers were sent into Iraq on intel missions. Because they operated as a private entity, they werent slaves to the same constrictions that the military faced. Only those involved in Operation Anesthesia had knowledge of its existence, not even the U.S. president or top military commanders knew. And while the history books would never tell their story, there was a good reason the war was over in less than a month, with so many targets easily eliminatedthe U.S. had Operation Anesthesia working covertly behind the enemy lines. 
Andr Rose was the first Anesthesia soldier taken hostage, leaving the Iraqis dumbfounded at his ability to endure the pain of their torture tactics. They learned the hard way that pain only hurts when you can feel it. When the Iraqis eventually abandoned their post to run for their lives, Andr was rescued and returned to his family at Operation Anesthesia.
Until the Iran incident, almost three months ago, Operation Anesthesia had averted numerous terrorist acts and saved countless lives, all while remaining the most secret of secret societies. And because of its success, they always looked past the internal power-struggle of the military menStipe and his recruitsversus Naqui and his medical staff. Rutherford always served as the glue that held everything together. But now with his desire to discontinue Operation Anesthesia, the foundation grew shakier.

A long awkward silence developed between the old friends. Maybe I overreacted, Rutherford said, knowing full well he came off like a bureaucrat without any cards to play. All Im asking, Dash, is that things remain quiet until the hearings pass. Then we can assess the future.
Naqui continued drilling a hole into the memorial with his stare. Do you even know the complete truth of what happened in Iran? Or are you more interested in plausible deniability these days, for when you testify before LaRoches congressional panel?
I only know Stipes version of events. Helicopter crashed in a sandstorm on the getaway. He and Jones escaped, but our boys were captured. Stipe played the role of courageous hero, of course.
Same tale he told me, Naqui agreed. Its those still missing that I find most worrisome.
Maybe they were shot during the struggle, or died in the crash. Or, hell, the Iranians are always negotiating. Maybe they held a few to use as a negotiating ploy in the nuclear talks. They know the U.S. always weakens in the knees at the sight of a hostage. He returned his gaze to the engraving of Greg Ponsons name. It worked in the Tet Offensive. The media did a hatchet job on LBJ and he lost support. 
Naqui continued to stare lifelessly ahead. What I find interesting is that Andr, Calvin, and Bronson Rose are the ones unaccounted for from the mission manifest. They are all brothers.
Rutherfords face puzzled. He dropped his shades down the bridge of his nose to get a good look at Naquis eyes. Brothers?
But the conversation was over. Naqui had already begun walking away.
Rutherford instinctively headed in the other direction. The memorial in front of them defined their past, but their opposite paths symbolized their current relationship.


Chapter 28

Monday morning, Billy joined the Whitcombs on a private jet that flew them to Raleigh-Durham International Airport in North Carolina. From there, they took a short helicopter ride and landed on the grounds of the Jordan Childrens Hospital in Durham.
With the helicopter blades still whipping in the background, they were met by Dr. Samuel Jordan. He was not only the lead physician, but had his name etched on the seventy-thousand-square-foot research and treatment hospital that served children with special needs, neurological disorders, and incurable diseases.
Samuel Jordan was lanky thin with sandy blond hair, looking much younger than his forty-eight years. He was what Carolyn would term as shiny. But he spoke with a gentle southern accent that gave him an aw shucks quality. 
He greeted the Whitcombs with smiles and handshakes. He then turned his attention to Carolyn, whose sturdy barrette couldnt keep her hair from blowing in the strong gusts of wind coming from the helicopter. She wore a pink cotton dress with a matching sling on her injured shoulder, although she kept removing the restrictive sling whenever the opportunity presented itself, much to her mothers chagrin. 
And what is your name? the doctor asked her over the whirring blades.
Carolyn Whitcomb, she shouted proudly.
You look like a true southern belle, Carolyn Whitcomb.
Bells are on bikes, silly.
I stand corrected. But I must say that you dont look like a Carolyn Whitcomb. You look like a princess. Would you mind if I called you princess?
Carolyns face scrunched. How did you know I was a princess?
Only a princess could radiate such delightful beauty.
Carolyn giggled. You talk funny.
His laugh was charming. We do talk a little funny down here. You are quite observant. Did you enjoy your ride on the airplane?
She bubbled with excitement. It was coo!
Carolyn then extended her arms straight out to her sides like she had wings, and began running in circles, joyously making airplane sounds and laughing uncontrollably.
The diagnosis had provided Beth with some relief, but it also had raised her over-protectiveness to Defcom-2 level. Carolyn, be careful! she called out to her.
Dr. Jordan gently placed his hand on her shoulder. Beth, we are not dealing with CIPA patients, but rather, CIPA children. During your visit I will provide you and Chuck with a plan to both keep her safe and allow her to be a normal child.
Beths eyes welled with reliefCarolyn was in good hands. They caught up to her, still doing her airplane imitation, and headed for the front entrance.
If you found the airplane coo, Carolyn, then the helicopter ride must have been totally awesome, Dr. Jordan said, matching Carolyns enthusiasm.
Between you and me, I thought it was a little loud.
He laughed. We will try to work on that.
Jordan Childrens Hospital didnt look like a typical sterile hospital. It consisted of two ultra-modern looking pavilions connected by a glass atrium. Its bright orange and blue colors gave it a Caribbean feel.
Dr. Jordan opened the glass door for Billy and the Whitcombs to enter. But Carolyn stood frozen.
Whats wrong, princess? Dr. Jordan asked with a calm voice. Billy got the idea that this wasnt his first experience with stage fright.
I dont like hospitals.
Me either  but this isnt a hospital.
Carolyn looked skeptical. It isnt?
No, this is a childrens hospital. Much different. Its like a fun house where every little boy and girl who has a frown, we turn upside down.
She remained a skeptic. You promise?
You are much too smart to fool.
She shrugged. I do like fun houses.
He effortlessly won her over, and she agreed to enter. The interior had similar bright pastel color schemes. Rooms were built in unique shapesoctagons and suchand the lobby was circular. Much of the furniture and apparatus was scaled to a childs size, and paintings hung close to the ground, at eye level for the children. Billy noticed that it was the opposite of Peanut Butter & Jelly, which he drew to the scale of how children see the grownup world.
Colorful plastic toys were ubiquitous in the lobby, and the speakers blasted the energetic theme song from The Muppets, which Billy remembered from his own youth. The feel was playful.
I think I might like a childrens hospital! Carolyn blurted.
Children greeted Dr. Jordan with the reverence kids usually reserve for Dora the Explorer. He charmed each one of them individually, knowing each childs name and some personal item about them.
The first order of business was to get fitted for ID badges. In anticipation of her photo, Dr. Jordan found a cardboard crown that looked like something one might get at Burger King, and placed it on Carolyns head. A princess must have her crown, he said.
Carolyn flashed her big toothless smile for the camera. She then compared mug shots with Billy, who helped her pin the ID badge on her dress. She noticed a logo on the badge of the security company depicting two interlocking Ss surrounded by a circle. They looked like 
Ewe  snakes, Carolyn squealed.

After a quick tour of the Disney World of hospitals, they congregated in Jordans office. He went over his bio, including that he was a professor of pediatrics and neurology at Duke Medical in his spare time. He boasted that he was the worlds leading expert in CIPA, but then quickly joked that it wasnt bragging, since he was possibly the only CIPA expert in the world. He had a comforting way about him, which was most beneficial to Beth. He squelched any idea that Carolyn might be used for scientific experimentation, and had already taken the liberty of contacting Little Brook Nursery School to lobby on Carolyns behalf. After he explained her situation she was granted permission to return, if desired. 
Dr. Jordan and Carolyn then went off for her comprehensive examination, which tested Beths separation anxiety. Three hours later, they reconvened in Jordans office. Carolyn bounced in, all smiles, wearing a miniature version of the white lab coat worn by Dr. Jordan. 
Chuck scooped her into his arms, How you doing, princess?
She bubbled with excitement. I like childrens hospitals!
He couldnt hold back his laughter as he set his fickle daughter down. The tension convention of the past week had turned lighthearted. Black clouds had been pushed away by the blue skies.
A stethoscope hung around Carolyns neck and she held a blood pressure monitor in her non-sling hand. She ran to Beth, wrapped the Velcro blood pressure cuff around her arm, and began aggressively pumping. She then informed her mother, Youre a little high, maybe you should meet me in my office in two weeks to check you out.
Everyone laughed, even Beth. But Billy didnt doubt the last few weeks had left them all with elevated blood pressure.
Then Carolyn announced, When I grow up, Im gonna be a doctor and work at a childrens hospital!
You told me you wanted to be a firefighter. In politics they would call you a flip flopper, Beth replied.
I thought you were going to be a hockey player? Chuck added.
I thought you were going to be a newspaper writer? Billy played along.
Carolyn sighed dramatically. Cant a girl change her mind?
She had no use for the adults who were trying to drag her down, and seamlessly transitioned into an excited summation of the last couple hours shed spent with Dr. Jordan. It included two other CIPA kids she met at the facility. Nadav from Israel and Hideo from Japan. They are just like me! she announced with joy. Just like herthey couldnt feel pain. Still hard to believe.
Dr. Jordan confirmed the diagnosis from Yale, using laymans terms so all could understand. The doctor then showed a video that painted both an optimistic and a not so rosy look at CIPA. First up was a young boy from the Philippines who was diagnosed with CIPA at six months old. He was now twenty-two with fractured bones, severe bite wounds, and lost an estimated twenty pounds each summer due to heat exhaustion. He spent his days in a wheelchair and was emotionally like a child. Everyone watched in horror as the boy on the video rubbed his nose raw and struggled to speak without a tongue. 
Billy noticed the hopeless look on Beths face, probably visualizing a similar fate for Carolyn. Chuck must have noticed the same thing and put his arm around her.
The good, yet still a work in progress scenario, was a little five-year-old girl from a small town in Florida who had been featured in a television news story.
While the little girl bounced around, her mother was interviewed. In a sweet voice she talked of how they knew something was wrong, but couldnt put their finger on it, and of course, never would have thought in a million years such an ailment even existed. She told a wild story about how her daughter had come into the house one time complaining that she couldnt get dirt off her arm, but her arm was actually covered by fire-eating ants she never felt. She described the delicate balance between protection and over-protection, including how they were initially so neurotic they made her wear a helmet, but eventually learned to loosen the reins. 
Billy noticed a certain comfort come over Beth. In the end, it wasnt the diagnosis at Yale, the confirmation by one of the worlds leading pediatric neurologists, or even the support of Chuck and her family that gave Beth a sense of peace. It took the testimonial of another mother.
When the video ended, Carolyn said, She seems nice, referring to the girl. Can I play with her? 
Dr. Jordan patted her on the head. She lives too far away, princess. Im afraid I wont be able to meet that request.
Carolyns face slumped.
But I know what we can do, Jordan said. What do you say you and your guests join me at my home for dinner tonight?
Carolyns face perked up and immediately looked hopefully toward Beth, Can we, Mommy?
I dont know Carolyn, Im sure Dr. Jordan is a very busy man and weve taken up too much of his time already.
I insist, Jordan said, closing the deal with his smile.
Do you haff steaks? Carolyn asked with building excitement.
I sure do.
Do you haff strawberry milk?
Youre wish is my command, princess.
Then what are we waiting for? Im starving!


Chapter 29

They drove out of the hospital in Dr. Jordans spacious Cadillac Escalade Hybrid. 
Their first stop was Duke University. The doctor had to pick up a few files from his office at the medical school, so Billy and the Whitcombs took advantage to stretch their legs. Beth purchased Carolyn a royal blue sweatshirt with white trim, the Duke school colors. As night grew closer, they hoped the sweatshirt would combat the falling temperatures that Carolyn wouldnt feel or detect. Chuck mentioned to Billy that he could take advantage of the downtime to drop by Kaylee Scroggins dorm room, which received a dirty look from Beth.
When Jordan returned, they made the hour-long ride to the doctors home. The vehicle contained all the amenities: leather upholstery, DVD player, and a built-in car seat for Carolyn with attached video games. On the way, Jordan called in the dinner order to someone he referred to as Miss Rose. The menu would include steaks, corn on the cob, and peach cobbler for dessert. To Carolyns satisfaction, there would be strawberry milk to drink.
They arrived in Clarksville, a small, pace-slowed-to-a-crawl town, located just over the border on the southern tip of Virginia. It was situated on Virginias largest lakeBuggs Island Lakea fifty thousand acre body of water that was created when the Staunton and Roanoke Rivers were dammed. The town attracted numerous boaters and outdoorsmen, but according to Dr. Jordan, Clarksvilles true appeal was that it allowed him to meld into the wooded background and gain some peace and solace after a day of saving the worlds children.
The Escalade passed through an electronic security gate and rambled down a long driveway lined with oak trees. They passed exquisite gardens, before arriving in front of an eye-opening, gable-roofed Georgian-style mansion built of sturdy limestone. Billy felt like theyd traveled back in time.
Welcome to Jordan Plantation, the doctor announced.
You live in a castleare you a king? Carolyn asked.
Jordan chuckled lightly. No, but I am a sixth generation relation to Sir Quincy Jordan who built this plantation in 1787. Quincy was third generation from my namesake, Samuel Jordan, who immigrated from Middlesex County, Virginia, during the rule of Oliver Cromwell. The Jordans were one of the principal cavalier families of Virginia. 
Jordan went on to explain that his family had actually sold the plantation in the early 1900s, after decades of decline following the Civil War. It changed hands numerous times, including being purchased once by a famed horse trainer to raise thoroughbreds. But by the time the early 1980s rolled around, it had been deserted and left to die. 
Jordan surprised them when he mentioned that he didnt have the same lavish upbringing as his ancestors, and was actually raised by a single mother in a dingy, one-bedroom apartment in Winston-Salem. Like the plantation, the Jordan family never recovered financially after the Civil War. So when he began to make money following medical school, he risked his savings to rescue the dilapidated family heirloom and built it back to the prominence he felt it deserved. 
He described the heyday of the plantation with reverence, At its peak, Jordan Plantation had ten thousand acres and approximately eight hundred slaves living and working on it. It was practically a city in and of itself, and was completely self-reliant. These days we have only about five hundred acres. 
Only, eh? Chuck quipped. 
What are slaves? Carolyn asked.
Slaves were a part of a sad period in history that most Americans wish never happened. Have you ever done something you are not proud of? Jordan asked Carolyn with the trained calm of a man who works with children.
The whole Dracula joke wasnt my best move, she conceded, and stuck out her stitched tongue.
Everybody nodded in agreement. There was a certain relief to know there was a logical reason for her behavior. 
Jordan took them around to a side entrance of the manor house. They went down a musty stairwell and entered via an English basement. Jordan pointed out that it had been restored to the original eight-foot ceilings, which gave the illusion that Chuck would scrape his head. 
They walked up creaky stairs into the main part of the house and were greeted by a large oil painting of Sir Quincy, dating back to the 18th century. He did have a certain resemblance to Dr. Jordan, Billy observed.
They passed into a spacious room Jordan referred to as the saloon. Billy was impressed with the magnificent block-print wallpaper that filled the walls like a mural, depicting a French countryside. Jordan proudly went on about spending the last twenty-plus years restoring the manor house to the look and dcor it had when Sir Quincy first built it over two hundred years ago, including the English craftsmanship of the furniture and woodwork. The interior woods had been returned to their original pine and oak.
Antsy with the history lesson, Carolyn made a mad dash up the grand staircase that dominated the room. Built for the smaller humans of the 18th century, the steps were closer together, making it kid-friendly.
Carolyn, wait! Beth shrieked.
Jordan remained calm. Remember what I said about letting her be a child, Beth. Shes just playing. Weve kept her cooped up all day. Carolyn needs to spread her wings.
Beth wasnt listening. Carolynget down here now!
Carolyn reached the top, pirouetted to face the adults. Look Billy, Im a beewatch me fly.
Nooo! everybody yelled in unison. It was like the sequel to a horror movie. 
She flashed a gotchya grin and belted out, Im just kidding! 
Nobody laughed. 
Once they talked Carolyn off the ledge, literally, the tour moved to the plantation grounds. Jordan took them to his favorite spot on the five hundred acres, which featured an idyllic, sloping view of the lake. The powerful sun had almost sunk completely into the lake, and dusk was starting to take effect. It was almost firefly time.
Carolyn began to run across the park-like lawns, again to Beths disapproval. But Dr. Jordan once more encouraged the behavior. Think of her as a kite whimsically blowing in the wind. Hold on to the cord, Beth, but not so tight it impedes the freedom for which she flies. 
Beth actually gave in, causing Billy to exchange a head nod with Chuck, as if to admiringly say, Oh, hes good.
The tour continued through the old slave quarters, a loom house, and a large horse-stall remaining from what Jordan described as an ill-conceived plan to turn the plantation into a breeding center for thoroughbred horses. 
They came across a triangular-shaped farmhouse with an inviting Federal-era style porch. Jordans tone turned apologetic, announcing, This is the Plantation Office. If you dont mind, I just need a moment to check in with Mr. Jones. He is in charge of running the day-to-day operations of the plantation. Then we can go see if Miss Rose has finished completing our scrumptious meal.
Lounging behind a cluttered desk with his feet up, was a man Jordan introduced as Mitchell Jones. He wore a sleeveless denim jacket, showing off bare arms that were so inked with tattoos they reminded Billy of the block-print wallpaper in the saloon. His hair was in a ponytail, and he had a long, graying beard to match, which he also kept in a ponytail, Captain Lou Albano style. 
Upon the sight of the dapper doctor, he took a puff on the cigarette he was chomping on, and irreverently barked, What can I do ya for, Sammy?
Jordan seemed irritated by the sight of the man, but maintained his cool exterior.
Whos this? Jones asked, pointing his smoldering cigarette in Carolyns direction.
This is Carolyn Whitcomb and her family. They are special guests of mine, Jordan replied enthusiastically.
Jones took another puff. Oh, yeahyoure the one with the CIPA. Why dont you let me put my cigarette on you to make sure you really got it?
Before Beth could pull out the hairs of his beard, one by one, he snorted a laugh. Im only messin with ya.
Chuck looked like he might be thinking of dusting off his goony skills to protect Carolyns honor. But a defusing look from Beth calmed him.
Billy found the mans knowledge of the rare disorder curious. But Jordan was supposedly the worlds leading expert on the subject, so perhaps it was the norm to entertain a CIPA kid. 
Carolyn locked a frozen glare on Jones. Realizing she was out of sorts, Billy kneeled beside her and asked, Are you okay?
She pointed at Jones and exclaimed, Thats Osama Banana!
Mitchell Jones hadnt made a great first impression on the Whitcombs, but they wouldnt tolerate rude behavior from Carolyn. Thats not nice, Carolyn, Chuck scolded.
Please apologize to Mr. Jones, Beth instructed.
But she continued to stare at him like the little girl in Poltergeist stared into the television. Theyre here!
Then she turned frantic. No, Mom, its Osama Banana! Do something! 
Jordan tried to soothe the situation. I can only hope that being mistaken for such a dastardly terror-monger is the wake-up call Mr. Jones needs to change his grooming habits. And if that doesnt register, then I dont know what will.
Jones smiled wickedly, exposing cigarette-stained teeth. You got a great imagination, kid. Especially the part how you thought your mother could somehow disarm a man who it took an elite group of Seals to take down.
Maybe she couldnt  but I could, Chuck said. Nobody threatened to put their cigarette out on his little girl without a fight.
After a brief macho stare-down, Jordan again played peacemaker. With a heavy hint, he announced how hungry he was and suggested they check on the progress of Miss Roses feast. Nobody argued.
After leaving the Plantation Office, Jordan apologized for Jones behavior, describing him as an old family friend who was superb at running the plantation, but added, Unfortunately his people skills are, to say the least, lacking.
They re-entered the manor house through the English basement. Billy noticed that Carolyns disposition had taken a turn for the worse. Beth also noticed, mentioning that she had had a long day and was in need of a nap. Carolyn didnt say anything, which was strange, since she usually saw a nap as a threat worthy of fighting to the death. 
Billy knew something was wrong.


Chapter 30

The meal would be delayed. Waiting for Jordan inside the manor house was another visitor. In contrast to Jones, this man was neatly attired in business casual and sporting a graying crew cut. He appeared to have lost a fight with a tanning bed, sun blisters scarring his face. 
Jordan looked surprised by the mans presence, but recovered without missing a beat, pleasantly greeting him, Franklinto what do I owe such a pleasure?
I didnt mean to interrupt your dinner, but I was in the area and wanted to check the camera in section six. I also hear you have a new employee here on the grounds and Id like to fit him with his security clearance.
Jordan turned to the Whitcombs. This is Mr. Franklin Stipe. He runs our security system here at the plantation. He does such a fine job that I also hired him for the security at the hospital.
Stipe greeted them with a shake of his calloused hand. I wont be long. I just have to meet with Dr. Jordan for a few minutes on some issues. Then you folks can have your dinner. 
Billy noticed a similar dismayed look on Carolyns face as when she met Jones. Stipe took special notice of the girl, kneeling down to match her height. And who do we have here?
Jordan interjected, This is Princess Carolyn Whitcomb from Connecticut. She is a guest of mine. Shes one of the lucky few to have Congenital Insensitivity to Pain with Anhidrosis. 
Stipe forcefully pinched her arm, which got no reaction from Carolyn. Sometimes I wish I didnt feel any pain, he said, also aware of the symptoms of CIPA. It might have been rare in the outside world, but was common knowledge at the plantation.
You are a pretty little thing. And I guess if you are going to go to Duke, then you also must be one smart girl, Stipe said, noticing her sweatshirt.
Carolyn stood frozen in silent-statue mode. 
Beth didnt approve of her daughters behavior. What do you say, Carolyn?
She remained a stoic glacier.
Carolynwhat do you say? Beths tone firmed.
She stood frozen for another moment, and then blurted at Stipe, You should wear sunblockthe ubee rays got you!
Beth was infuriated, but Jordan stepped in. The princess has had a tedious day, Mr. Stipe, he defused, before turning his attention to Carolyn, I will just be a few minutes, princess, and then we will have some steaks and strawberry milk, I promise. And as a doctor, I concur with your diagnosis, Mr. Stipe should wear sunblock.
The two men disappeared into Sir Quincys former bedchamber. Jordan had mentioned that the room had been converted into an office at the end of Sir Quincys life so he could conduct business while he was bedridden, dying of scarlet fever. As a tribute, Jordan used it as his home office. 
The moment the heavy door shut behind the men, Beth began the lecture. Young lady, when someone talks to you, you answer them. You treat people the way you want to be treated. What do you have to say for yourself?
Dragons are here, she said.
Carolyn!
Dragons!
Chuck picked her up, attempting to be the good cop. Thats not very nice, princess.
Billy examined her face. Hed always been impressed at how well thought-out she was at such a young age. If she were hungry, tired, or just being a bratty four-year-old, then it wouldve manifested into an outpouring of drama and emotion, all building to an inevitable temper tantrum. The coldness was different. He didnt know what to make of it, but something wasnt right. 
Fifteen minutes later, Jordan returned without Stipe. He led them to an elegant dining room with similar block-print wallpaper as the saloon, but this one featuring a nature design with garden greenery and floating leaves. Hanging over the long table was a large triangular object that looked like the blade of a guillotine.
Its a fan, Jordan said, noticing their strange looks. In the 18th and early 19th century, two slaves would stand by the dinner table and adjust the wires to fan Sir Quincy and his esteemed guests.
On cue, a plump woman entered, carrying shiny stainless-steel dishes piled with mouthwatering food. Her silver hair was grandmotherly, but her mocha skin was baby smooth like she just arrived from an Ivory Soap commercial, giving her a youthful glow. Billys best guesstimate was that she was in her late fifties or early sixties.
Steam seeped off the dishes and the smell of steak filled the room, to the delight of all. Except Carolyn, who remained out of sorts and uncooperative. 
This is Miss Rose, the best cook in the great state of Virginia, and thats a modest review of her talents, Jordan exulted.
She flashed a genial smile as she poured sweet tea for the adults, and actually evoked a reaction from Carolyn. No small task in her current state. 
You are named after a flower, Miss Rose, Carolyn said.
You are as pretty as a flower, darling, Miss Rose replied in a motherly tone and handed her a glass of strawberry milk. 
But Carolyns smile left with Miss Roses departure. She then further infuriated her mother by choosing to hide under the table. Beth again apologized to Jordan for her behavior, but he reminded her that she has been through a lot over the last few weeks, and if she was happy hiding from the dragons under the table, then it was okay with him.
Midway through dinner, Jordan took another sip of his sweet tea and turned to Billy, So what do you do for a living, Mr. Harper?
Billy told him of his writing and how hed come to know Carolyn and the Whitcombs, including their shelter for babysitting arrangement. He kept it vague, not revealing any of the painful past that led him to the cottage. He did mention his plan to write an article on Carolyn and CIPA for the Shoreline Times.
Jordans face became unnerved. I would be very careful about bringing attention to Carolyn and her condition.
And why is that?
Ive worked with a lot of these children. Their calling is unique, which has led to certain groups believing that CIPA kids are children of the messiah. There have been kidnap attempts. 
But its not just those searching recklessly for new gods, he continued. Radical science has also posed a threat. An estimated fifty million people suffer from chronic pain, and there are those who think studying someone with Carolyns unique genetic situation will allow them to find cures for pain. In other words, turn them into guinea pigs for science.
Probably noticing the fear on Beths face, he softened his rhetoric, I dont mean to be an alarmist, these are very rare instances. But I think its always better to be safe than sorry. So Id be very careful of spurring on any excessive attention.
Miss Rose returned with wine goblets filled with fluffy chocolate mousse for dessert, along with plates of peach cobbler. She delivered Carolyns under the table, again receiving a brief smile.
During dessert, Jordan outlined a plan that would allow Carolyn to hopefully balance a normal life and safety, including things they need to watch for, and what were the best choices for the joints. 
When the meal came to an end, Jordan called on Mitchell Jones to drive Billy and the Whitcombs to the airport. This time Jones seemed more eager to perform his bosss wishes. Beth apologized to Jones for Carolyns behavior, which he deflected, declaring that all kids are pains in the ass.
As they followed Jones trail of cigarette smell toward his vehicle, Billy held Carolyns hand. 
Dragons, he heard her whisper to herself.


Chapter 31

The phone call came in to his Ridgewood, New Jersey home just before ten in the evening.
We have another potential recruit, declared the voice on the other end.
Naqui smiled at the shaking Claire to indicate he would be back by her side in a matter of moments, then took the cordless into the next room.
Give me the details, he said, now standing in his private library.
Four years old, female, from the United States, and has a passion for strawberry milk.
And youve seen her?
Had them over for dinner tonight. Jones is driving them back to the airport as we speak, Jordan gushed boastfully
Isnt that risky? 
Unlike Hasenfus, or whatever hes calling himself these days, I dont bypass the details, Jordan said, never using Stipes real name over the phone. All the members were locked away below in the security room prior to their visit. Speaking of which, I dont appreciate it when he shows up unannounced while Im entertaining, as he did tonight.
This didnt alleviate any of Naquis fears. He couldnt shake the feeling that Rutherford was right. Operation Anesthesia was a house of cards built on a foundation eroded by arrogance, unchecked egos, and personal agendas. But tonight was not the night to address that. He had a more important issue waiting for him in the next room. He needed to get back to her. Do you expect any issues with this girl?
A friend of the family writes for some local nothing paper in their hometown.
Publicity is bad. We never could touch that girl in Florida when her story went national.
I wouldnt expect the same here. The press is too interested in hanging the president over his response to Iran. No need for any human-interest filler stories right now.
Naqui fell into a trance, thinking about the brilliant young doctor who interned for him years ago. For Naqui, it was love at first sight. Not the kind of love found at the end of Cupids arrow, but he fell in love with the many doors Jordans brilliance could open for Operation Anesthesia. It was probably reckless to involve him, but love can make people do crazy things.
Naqui couldnt deny that Jordans brilliance had taken Operation Anesthesia to heights he never dreamed of. And his hidden plantation provided the perfect canvas for their masterpiece. It also allowed Naqui to delegate the medical research and concentrate on his duties as Chief Managing Partner, the CMP.
But Jordans motives were different than his own. It wasnt about the greater good with him. It was about an ego so large that no amount of riches could fill it. Jordan was born with a God-complex, and science and God were often a toxic mix. Naqui had brushed off such thoughts for years, but now worried that such a mixture would lead to their downfall.
Naqui searched for the resolve he re-found in Washington, and located Lincolns words. Unfinished business. So their deaths are not in vain.
Give it a few days and then send in Hasenfus and his squad to pick up the girl, Naqui said. He hung up the phone and returned to Claire.


Chapter 32

Billy and the Whitcombs arrived on Tuesday in New Canaan, the capital of reality. Chuck went back to work, Beth back to school, and Billy returned to his writing and babysitting duties.
He was juggling two articles. One was about a pumpkin patch near Waverly Park that was preparing for Halloween, only a month away. The other, back by popular demand, was the continuing saga of the girl quarterback at New Canaan High. It was the week of her first game, so Billy and Carolyn spent their afternoons hanging around at high school football practices, working on the story.
It was the first time Billy had spent any significant time at a football field since he left college, and he was flooded with memories. As with most things in his life, they were mixed. He could still hear his high school coach, Coach Blake, cursing encouragement his way. One of Coachs favorite sayings was, No pain no gain! When Billy looked at Carolyn, who was tossing around a football with her non-sling arm, it put a whole new spin on the statement.
Billy was still surprised that the Whitcombs continued to entrust him with their daughter. Hed made a lot of deposits into the goodwill bank since his arrival, but figured when they learned the details of his past there wouldnt be enough overdraft protection on the planet to keep him from getting tossed out on his ass. Dana must not have told them. He didnt know why, but in turn, he kept any discussions of black market baby sales to himself.
And while there was relief following Carolyns diagnosis, it wasnt all laughs and giggles. A strange vibe had been hovering since they returned. Hugs were tighter and I love yous more freely distributed. But at the same time, it was like nobody wanted to talk about the situation and they were internalizing it.
Then at Thursday night dinner, Carolyn reached her arm out toward Billy and ordered, Squeeze my hand.
When he applied light pressure on her hand, she screamed like shed been shot. She then fell to the floor, writhing, and yelling, Ouch! My hand! Oh my gosh, it hurts so bad!
When she was satisfied that shed received the desired looks of disbelief, she let out a deep belly laugh. Gotchya!
Everybody lost it. Emotions drained in the form of both laughter and tears. Then for the first time, they really talked about the ordeal. And when they had fully digested their new normal, they were finally able to focus their thoughts toward the future, including Carolyns triumphant return to school, and whether she would be a firefighter or a hockey player for Halloween. She seemed to have lost interest in being a doctor. 
On the first Monday in October, Carolyn Whitcomb returned to Little Brook Nursery School. Beth fussed over her like it was her true first day of school. Shed bought her a new dress, but Carolyn was determined to show off her new Duke sweatshirt. Another point of contention was the sling Carolyn was forced to wearsince she felt no pain, she didnt understand its value. After agreeing to hold off their mother/daughter fights until Carolyn was a teenager, Beth slipped the royal blue sweatshirt over her head and clipped a barrette to her un-cooperating hair. But before they could go, Chuck had to step in to end a hug after Carolyn flashed a petrified Moms squishing the life out of me look over Beths shoulder.
Billy drove her to school in the Cherokee. He had also gained permission to observe the class in preparation for his upcoming article on Carolyns diagnosis. The article was not without controversy, but not from the school. The YeasChuck, Billy, and Carolyn, had outvoted the NaysBeth and Dr. Jordan. The Nays worried that publicity would attract the zealot groups Jordan warned of and Carolyns safety would be put at risk. The Yeas thought a story in the local paper would help educate the community on Carolyns situation, and put to rest any crazy rumors, including hurtful ones about self-mutilation. She could then assimilate into a normal life without feeling like a freak. 
She looked like every other student, carrying her Elmo lunchbox in hand. Her My Little Pony backpack was strapped to her back, bouncing with each of her eager struts. As they neared the schools front entrance, Carolyn turned to Billy and said, Wouldnt it be funny if I pretended to do the Dracula joke again and then did a gotchya like the other night at dinner?
Carolyn?
Yes.
You have an amazing imagination and a great personality. But perhaps it might be a good idea to tone it down on your first day back.
She shrugged. It was just an idea.

Ms. Stevens, who looked nothing like the troll-like teachers Billy had growing up in Johnstown, welcomed Carolyn back with open arms. So did the studentseven the ones whose simple-minded parents tried to keep her from returning. 
The only noticeable change in the classroom was that all students were given a water bottle at their workstations. This was to combat Carolyns overheating, and by giving one to each student, it provided a sense of normalcy for the entire class. Then at lunch, a teacher was assigned to test her food, to make sure it was cool enough for her to eat.
Recess was the biggest challenge. They had to find a balance between letting Carolyn bounce around like the fearless four-year-old she was, and protecting her. She was particularly upset that she wasnt allowed on the monkey bars. After recess, she was escorted straight to the nurses office for a pit stop. Carolyn would have three scheduled trips to the nurses office each day.
On Friday, television cameras came to the school. A show called Good Morning New York was doing a feature on the painless girl. It was set up by Dana, as a way to promote Billys article, hoping the positive attention would help the sale of his book. It was supposed to be a feature story for the Saturday morning show that included an interview with Chuck and Beth. But it was cut down to thirty seconds and marginalized to a cutesy clip to end the show. It was bumped by wall-to-wall coverage of the still-simmering relations between the US and Iran over the hostages.
The article came out in the Shoreline Times on Sunday morning, and Chuck read it aloud at the breakfast table:

Wouldnt it be great if you couldnt feel pain? No daily aches and pains. No headaches or stomachaches, and your head wouldnt even sting when you eat ice cream too fast. If you think such a scenario sounds ideal, then you should have a talk with Carolyn Whitcombs parents. 

I would give anything for my daughter to feel pain, said Beth Whitcomb. What Mrs. Whitcomb is referring to is that her daughter has a genetic disorder called Congenital Insensitivity to Pain with Anhidrosis, or CIPA for short. While it is estimated that over 50 million people suffer from chronic pain, Carolyn Whitcomb isnt one of them. So why is this a bad thing 

That night was movie night in the Whitcomb house. Billy begged off, but Carolyn was resilient.
I have to do some writing tonight, but thanks for the offer, he tried to fight her off.
If you had something better to do, then youd already be doing it, eh? Chuck interjected.
Billy smiled. Just because you have to spend your Sunday night watching Beauty and the Beast doesnt mean youre going to bring me down with you.
Were gonna make popcorn, Carolyn made a counter-offer.
I dont know, Billy wavered, giving her the opening she sought. 
And chocolate covered raisins!
I  um 
Theres gonna be lots of butter on the popcorn!
He felt like the Washington Generals playing the Globetrotters. He was soon parked on the couch beside a bowl containing her fish, Puck, who according to Carolyn always attended movie night. As for the movie choice, Beth pushed for Stuart Little, but Carolyn again won out in the negotiationsSlap Shot it was.
She had memorized every line of the movie, and even put her hands over her ears in preparation for the bad words. She cheered the Hanson Brothers and Paul Newmans character, Reggie Dunlop, at every opportunity. And she sang along to the theme song, Maxine Nightingales 1970s disco hit, Get Back To Where We Started From. 
Billy and Carolyn swapped the popcorn and the candy raisins throughout the movie. Finally Beth scolded, CarolynI told you no more. Dont come crying to me when you get a stomachache.
Nobody caught the comment at first. But then Chuck began to laugh, and Billy followed. She couldnt get a stomachache if she ate a bushel of popcorn! 
As the room crackled with laughter, Billy felt like spring had arrived, de-thawing his winter ice. A girl who couldnt feel pain had helped him to feel again.


Chapter 33

Following the movie, Carolyn slipped off to sleep, and Billy returned to the cottage. The second they were gone, Chuck wrapped Beth into his big arms. They hadnt been alone in what felt like forever.
They kissed on the couch like two hormone overloaded teenagers. They were back in that small apartment in Albany. There were no worries back thenno Carolynand definitely no CIPA.
They rose up, knocking over an end table, hoping they didnt wake Carolyn. Even though she was tucked away in her room, and her projected ETA to slip into their bed was still an hour from now, it wouldnt be the first time shed interrupted them at the wrong moment. They kept their voices down the best they couldwaking her was not an option.
They rushed into the master bedroom. Even though the barn house was situated in the middle of the woods, Beths first move was to shut all the curtains. When she finished, Chuck playfully tossed her on the bed and climbed on top. Their bodies entangled as they kissed.
Chuck took the initiative of removing his own shirt. But Beth always liked her man to undress her. The first obstacle was her sweater, and then he started working on the bra.
Thats when he thought he heard a noise. He dismissed it, figuring it was just one of the squirrels nestled in the trees outside their bedroom windows. It came from outside, so it couldnt be Carolyn, although, they had caught her out on midnight excursions before, hunting fireflies.
Chucks momentary stoppage frustrated Beth. Unless Carolyn was about to perform another swan dive off a steep staircase, she wasnt going to lose her focus. She physically pulled Chuck back on top of her.
They worked as a team to remove her jeans. She maneuvered to give him the best leverage, and then swirled her hips in the other direction so he could get the other side down. They had already made it down to her ankles, when they realized she hadnt removed her shoes. Chuck hopped off the bed and yanked off her boots. The path was now clear and the pants flew off. They couldnt help but to smile at each other, but knew they were on the clock, so they quickly rolled back onto the bed. 
Thats when Chuck heard the noise again, this time louder. It was coming from right outside the window closest to their bed. There was no denying it this time. 
He made eye contact with Bethshed heard it too. She strained her neck up from her lying position to get a look at the window. After the last couple months, they were ready for anything, and it definitely wasnt a squirrel.
Chucks arm shot up to the long drapes behind the headboard, and in one motion, ripped them open. He immediately jumped back.
Peering in the window were two bright white eyes that glowed in the dark. It was a man! His face was darkeither it was a black man or he had camouflaged his face. There was a silent moment as if the world had frozen. Then Beth broke it with a scream, causing the intruder to run.
Chuck ran shirtless out of the bedroom, into the room where he stored his hunting rifles. He opened the glass case and pulled out his high-powered M1 Carbine. He searched for the keys for the desk drawer where the ammo was stored. Beth had made him secure it like Fort Knox. Once found, he opened the drawer and pulled out a .30-06 cartridge, which he expertly loaded into the gun.
He ran through the living room area, toward a side door. Beth cut him off at the pass, pleading, PleasenoChuck.
He wasnt listening, so she cut her losses, begging him to be careful. 
He nodded that he would, as he bolted out of the house. It didnt take him long to spot the intruder about halfway down the driveway, surrounded by nothing but a still night. He didnt know the exact laws about shooting an intruder in the back, but he didnt care. This man violated his family, and now he was going to violate a few of his vital organs.
He sized the intruder in the scope, and fired. Then fired again. He was sure he had connected in his upper back or lower shoulder area. But the man kept running without a flinch, probably fueled by adrenaline. Within seconds, he was gone.


Chapter 34

Morning came without resolution. The police had searched the Whitcombs property and combed the neighborhood with their scent-sniffing dogs, but found nothing. The Whitcombs were told there was a Peeping Tom reported in the area who matched the description of the intruder. Beth wasnt buying it. She was convinced it was related to the warnings Dr. Jordan gave them, and he was after Carolyn.
They did have some clues to go on. From her awkward, upside down position on the bed, Beth registered a good description of the intruder. He was a black male, probably in his early twenties, and wore a tank top with jeans. And even more importantly, she noticed a tattoo on his left upper arma red rose with a prickly green stem. 
The second piece of evidence was the blood splattered on the bark of a tree. Chuck explained the blood as residue from shooting the intruder in the back. This seemed to interest the police, but until they found the man there was no victim, so Chuck was safe from any charges. Not that he cared. His only concern was keeping his family safe. 
The police were convinced that if hed been shot, as Chuck suggested, the intruder couldnt have gotten far. All local hospitals were checked, but no match. Nor were there any further sightings of the alleged Peeping Tom.
Chuck met with authorities all night, leafing through heavy binders filled with photos of possible suspects. He was going to hunt down the terrorist on the terrorists turf. Beth was about defense and patrolling the borders. She wanted a police guard outside, and to build the Great Wall of China around their home.
The nights only saving grace was that Carolyn, as usual, was out like Rip Van Winkle. She awoke on an overcast Monday morning, ready for school, with no idea what had happened the night before. Billy brought her to school, and when he explained the situation to the principal, including Dr. Jordans warnings about zealots and cults, they increased security at Little Brook. 
School went by without incident, except for a group of boys who performed a science experiment on Carolyn to see if she really couldnt feel pain, by shoving her to the ground. But being kids, they were best friends by the end of the day. Billy picked her up after school and they drove into New Canaan town center, needing to drop off a couple of articles at the Shoreline Times. With the Abandoned No More and Painless Child articles, not to mention the popular Girl Quarterback series, Billy was now the star of the local media. Which admittedly, wasnt saying much. 
When they passed the firehouse this time, the firemen gave Carolyn a standing ovation. The article had provided her local celebrity status. The chief joked that he wished his whole staff had CIPA so they wouldnt feel the intense heat when they ran into a building. But quickly grasped that heat was an important warning system for his men and retracted the comment.
A few more people came up to Carolyn on the street and called her by name. And when they walked by a newspaper stand, Carolyn reached into the pile and picked up a lingering copy of Sundays Shoreline Times. She handed it to Billy and said, Read it to me.
Carolyn, weve read the article over and over.
But I like it.
Cmonlets go to Mollys and Ill get you an ice cream.
How about if you just read my favorite part?
Since you know it by heart, why dont you just tell it to me.
Despite being unable to read, she recited lines of the article she had memorized like she were the lead in a school play. Unaffected by the overwhelming circumstances of her life, the adorable four-year-old runs fearlessly at recess and charms all she touches 
Billy smiled. Dont hurt yourself trying to pat yourself on your back.
She tried unsuccessfully to do so, but her arms werent long enough. I got CIPAI cant get hurt, silly.
Actually, you can get hurt, you just cant feel it. 
She silently pondered his words. Billy knew she was stubborn and hated to lose an argument, so she let it go when she realized he was right. The apple didnt fall far from the tree.
For some reason, New Canaan appeared more populated late Monday afternoon. After-school teenagers drove Elm Street with radios blaring in their expensive Jeeps, while the gabby chants of power-shopping housewives filled the air. Billy and Carolyn arrived in front of the movie theater, the New Canaan Playhouse, and a clique of high-schoolers noticed her. Hey, youre the girl who cant feel! 
Carolyn was not one to shy away from the spotlight. Thats what they tell me!
As Carolyn played to her adoring fans, Billy noticed an older man walk by. He stood out from the normal demographics of downtown New Canaan that was mostly made up of women and teenagers. 
Yeah-yeah, I get that all the time, Carolyn continued talking to her fans with a dismissive wave.
But Billy wasnt listening, focused on the man. Where had he seen him before? Then it clickedit was the man from the train who claimed Beth was purposely sent to Mrs. B. 
He grabbed Carolyns hand and began chasing after him. But he found her to be more hindrance than help. He asked the high school students if they would watch her for a moment or two, but they declined, not wanting to be late for the three oclock movie. Fans are fickle. Out of options, Billy pointed at Carolyn and instructed, Dont moveIll be right back.
He knew he shouldnt have left her, but they had developed a certain trust. For all of her whimsical endeavors, whenever he had instructed her to stay, she would freeze up like a statue and not even move if a bus was coming directly at her.
Carolyn listened once more, turning herself into another lamppost along the New Canaan sidewalk. 
The man took a left off of Elm, looping onto Main. Billy scurried around the corner, almost plowing into a pair of Stepford wives carrying oversized shopping bags. Then he got lucky. He spotted the man getting into a silver Jaguar. Billy always had his reporters notebook handy and took down the plate number of the Connecticut tags. Then he hurried back to Carolyn.


Chapter 35

Carolyn stood by her lonesome on the curb in front of the Playhouse. The only muscle she moved was an occasional glance in the direction where Billy disappeared around the corner. Besides that, she was a rock.
A man with a red bandana draped over his head pulled up beside her on a motorcycle. He wore a tank top and jeans, his eyes hidden behind a pair of wraparound sunglasses. He had a tattoo of a red rose on the dark skin of his upper arm. 
Hello Carolyn, he said. His voice was mechanical, reminding her of her toy robot. 
Im waiting for Billy, she informed him.
Do you like my motorcycle? he asked.
She fought the urge, but could only hold back so long. I like motorcycles.
Then what do you say you get on the back and well go for a ride?
Billy told me to stay.
I talked to Billyhe said it was okay. He wants to surprise you.
He twisted the handle bar and it made a va-voom sound.
I like surprises.
Cmon Carolyn, hurry.
Her face scrunched. I dont know, but it would be fun!
Then get on.
I told Billy Id stay. I dont want him to be madhes my friend.
A friend would want you to have fun.
She couldnt hold out anymore. Were gonna haff fun!
The man stuck out his hand and helped her onto the back of the bike.
***
Billy retraced his steps back onto Elm. His thoughts were still stuck on the man from the train, which was why he needed a second look for it to register. 
Carolyn was getting on a motorcycle with a man. What the 
He ran as fast as he could. Carolyn!
He got close enough to see the rose tattoo on the mans arm. It was the intruder from last night! In a desperate lunge, he tackled Carolyn off the bike and skidded onto Elm Street, his back scraping across the asphalt. A large SUV slammed on its breaks and pretentiously honked.
Billy scrambled to his feet. Out of the corner of his eye he saw the intruder in pursuit, now on foot. He slung Carolyn over his shoulder and ran as fast as he could toward the Cherokee. 
He jerked open the back door so hard it almost came off the hinges. He flung Carolyn in, and slammed the door shut behind her. She bounced to a stop on her injured shoulder. 
Just because I cant feel pain doesnt mean I wanna be thrown around like a doll, she complained.
Billy didnt have time for her whining. The intruder was now too close, making it impossible to slip into the drivers seat and speed off, as was his plan. He turned without thinking, and headed directly toward their pursuer. The intruder was running full speed, transfixed on Carolyn, and never saw Billy change course.
He ran into Billys punch and dropped to the ground like an anvil. Billy scrambled back to the Cherokee and took off like a rocket, tearing down Elm Street. It was now his personal version of Nightmare on Elm Street.
What the hell were you thinking? he yelled at Carolyn.
Her face slumped. He said you said it was okay.
For future use, its never okay to get on the back of a strangers motorcycle. Are we clear?
She said nothing. Statue.
Billy zoomed onto Main, heading as fast as he could out of New Canaan Center.
Get in your car seat, he demanded.
Im tryingI cant, she replied in a frustrated whine.
Then use a grown-up seat belt and hold on.
She seemed excited by such a possibility. Really?
Hurry up, Carolyn!
Billy glanced in his rear-view mirror. The motorcycle was gaining on them.
Shit! he said, and turned right onto Route 123.
Thats not a nice word.
I dont have time now, Carolyn.
Billy was still fairly new to the area, but he did know that this was the way he and Chuck went to Durazzos in Norwalk. He figured he was better off sticking with familiarity.
The motorcycle was practically riding his back bumper. A couple of times the intruder swerved into the oncoming lane and drove side-by-side. He pointed a gun at Billy and shouted for them to pull over. But Billy knew that was a death sentence, and instead made a sharp turn onto the on-ramp of Interstate 95.
But he couldnt shake him.
Are we going to the Maritime Center? Carolyn asked, recognizing the surroundings.
Whats that?
Its a place where they got lots of fishies.
Oh, the aquarium.
Are we going?
Billy took another look into the mirror and saw that he was still on their tail. Not today. 
Carolyn pouted. If this is the surprise, then its not a very good surprise.
What surprise?
The man on the motorcycle said you had a surprise for me.
What exactly did he say?
She sighed, and then using her generic grown-up voice, she repeated the intruders words verbatim, I talked to Billy, he said it was okay. He wants to surprise you, Carolyn.
He knew your name?
Yes.
Shit! he said and slammed the steering wheel. It was a planned attack. Beth was rightthey were after Carolyn.
Billys gas was dangerously low, so he didnt want to leave the area. He just wanted to lose the guy and call the police. He searched for his cell phone, but remembered hed left it back at the cottage, and again took it out on the steering wheel.
Billy maneuvered into the far left lane of the northbound I-95. The motorcycle was still glued to his ass like a magnet to a refrigerator. Billy had an idea, but not enough time to determine if it was bold or stupid. He cut the wheel sharply to the right, and his vehicle spun a one-eighty. They skidded across all lanes like a derailed trainfacing the wrong way!
Cars rushed at him with horns honking and tires squealing. Billy regained his bearings and insanely headed south in the northbound lane. A tractor-trailer skidded to a symphony of air-brakes, trying to avoid the wrong-way Cherokee, but it was too late. Billy knew it was a collision he wouldnt win. The choice was beat the truck to the exit ramp or their next stop would be Sesame Street.
He shut his eyes, hoping Chuck and Beth would someday forgive his memory, and hit the accelerator.
The Cherokee shot horizontally across the highway, and swerved off the exit ramp they had just passed going the other way, almost tipping. Billy literally felt the Cherokee shake when an eighteen-wheeler whizzed by, but was too shaken to let out a sigh of relief.
With the smell of burning rubber still fresh, the Cherokee came to a stop at the end of the exit ramp. He looked back, expecting Carolyn to be terrified. But received a refresher course on her genetic fearlessness. That was fun! she exclaimed.
If you say so, Billy said, voice shaking, and patting himself to make sure he was still alive. 
This is the way to Stew Leonards. Are we going there? Is that the surprise? she asked with excitement.
There is no surprise, Carolyn.
They got a petting zoo and strawberry milk at Stew Leonards!
Please be quiet and let me think, he said, pondering his next move.
Dont knock it if you havent tried it.
Carolyn!
Youre no fun today.
Billy turned around to voice his displeasure with her attitude. When he did, he saw the motorcycle speeding down the exit ramp, coming at them like a missile.
Hold on, Billy said, revving the car and heading toward East Avenue. Carolyn had nothing to hold on to, but took him literally, extending her arms straight out to grip an imaginary bar.
The motorcycle followed. Their speed built. Billy ran a stoplight, hoping to be stopped by the cops. No such luck. He ran another, almost causing a six-car pile-up. The screeching tires and honking horns faded into the background as he fled the scene, but they couldnt shake the motorcycle that continued to relentlessly pursue.


Chapter 36

Billy made a sharp left onto Cemetery Road, and then a right onto Gregory. The race continued. But then water suddenly appeared on both sides of the road.
Carolyn shouted with glee, Lookboats!
Billy recognized where they werethe marina where the boat was launched for Grandma Beverlys going away party. The Long Island Sound blocking them from the front, while the motorcycle chased them from the rear. They were trapped.
Were going to the beach! Thats the surprise! 
Billy had no other option than to go pedal to the metal. He would drive into the water if thats what it took to keep her safe.
He careened through the entrance of Calf Pasture Beach, bouncing over a lawn area, scraping park benches, and luckily missing the stout trunks of the large oak trees that lined the entrance. Nobody was there on an overcast day in the first week in October. If it were August, he wouldve easily killed twenty people.
Billy was at another dead end. The Cherokee thrust onto the sandy beach and pulled what Billys high school buddies used to refer to as a hole shot. Sand sprayed everywhere as Carolyn blissfully giggled. 
He had no plan, except to try to beat the intruder to the punch. He jumped out of the vehicle, the smell of ocean filling his lungs. He ran toward the motorcycle, which had skidded to a more graceful stop. As he did, he noticed the gunshot wound on the intruders upper shoulder, just as Chuck had described. 
You leave her alone! Billys shout cut through the salty air. What do you want?
He acted as if Billy wasnt there. Like a robot, he ran right by him and toward the backseat of the Cherokee, and pounded the window until it shattered. His hand was decorated with blood and glass, but he didnt seem at all fazed. 
Billy lunged at him, his feet slipping in the sand. But he was able to keep his balance just enough to make his first football tackle in years. Completely focused on Carolyn, the intruder didnt notice him until he was on his back. 
Run Carolyn! Billy shouted, trying to hold the man down. 
She attentively followed his orders. She unbuckled her seat belt, opened the door and hopped out, then ran to a spot nearby.
Billy wrestled with the intruder on the ground. They both fought with inhuman tenacity. Billy grabbed a piece of jagged glass and slit the mans arm. He didnt even flinch, and karate-chopped Billys wrist, causing him to drop the glass.
They wrestled to a standstill before Billy got some assistance from the Healing Angel of Pain. He glanced up to witness Carolyn kicking the man with all her might, and shouting, Leave Billy alone! 
I told you to run, Carolyn! Billy shouted back at her.
She flashed a thats the thanks I get? look, but listened, and ran back to temporary safety. Billy took advantage of the distraction to pummel the mans face with the punches he was saving for Senator LaRoche. He then picked him up by his tank top and continued pounding him. The intruders eyes swelled and the nose bled, but the punches didnt seem to be having the affect they should. Billy discarded his dazed opponent on the beach, and shouted in Carolyns direction, Lets go!
She sprinted to him in her awkward kid running style, arms and legs flailing. He tossed her into the back. Buckle up, he demanded as he peeled out in the sand.
Billy sped toward the beach entrance. Then his stomach droppedhe couldnt believe it. The intruder was right beside them on the motorcycle. 
Im not trying to take herIm trying to save her, Billy heard him shout.
He thought of the zealots Jordan talked of, who might actually believe they were saving Carolyn by abducting her. Billy knew this psycho wouldnt stop until he got Carolyn, so he again got bold. He hit the breaks and the intruder flew by. The classic military tactic he learned from Top Gun. By the time the intruder realized what happened, Billy was headed right toward him. Close your eyes, Carolyn! he yelled.
As usual, she listened, placing her tiny hands over her eyes.
It was kill or be killed. This time Billy was going to pull the trigger. He hit the motorcycle straight on, cringing at the sound of crunching metal. Billy didnt look back until they reached the beach entrance. 
When he did glance into the rear-view mirror, he was again shocked by what he saw. Not only was he not dead, but he was running after them on foot. They sped awaythe silhouette of the man becoming smaller and smaller. 
But it didnt feel like they were escaping.


Chapter 37

They say you should never run away from your problems, and nobody knew this better than Billy. But Tuesday morning, he joined Dana and the Whitcombs in spitting in the face of logic, and headed to Chucks hunting cabin on Lake George. 
Chuck led the two-car caravan in his pickup, while Billy and Dana followed them in the Cherokee. An October chill was in the air, so Billy wore a heavy flannel shirt and jeans. Dana tried to keep things normal, wearing a fashionable pleated skirt with, of course, heels. 
Billy remained perplexed as to why Dana hadnt shared what she learned with Chuck and Beth. But she appeared to be more ally than enemy, and at the very least was less apprehensive than the last time they were in a vehicle together. So he didnt feel compelled to bring up the subject during the ride.
But she probably had a good idea of the story  at least the public one. A diligent online search wouldve told her that Billy Harper defied a restraining order and stalked his wife across state lines, where he was arrested on charges of domestic battery and breaking and entering in Washington D.C. The charges were soon dropped, considered an unfortunate misunderstanding, and for all intents and purposes, the case didnt exist beyond the initial arrest. 
And since Dana was smart and inquisitive, she likely dug deeper. So he wouldnt put it past her to have learned that the maiden name of his ex-wifeKelly Harperwas Klein, and that Kelly Klein was an heir to the Klein Beer fortune, who was now married to Oliver LaRoche, the senator from Pennsylvania. And because she knew Billys novel backward and forward, she surely saw the similarities, including how and why the senator in the book used his influence to make the case disappear. But whatever further questions she had would remain unanswered, as Billy had no plans to defend himself, and would leave the past where it belongsin the past.
Carolyn was oblivious as to why they were leaving, but was excited by the mid-week adventure. She wore a personalized Albany River Rats hockey jersey, her fathers old team. The name Whitcomb was inscribed across the back, along with the number . It was Chucks final stop on an eighteen year tour of minor league hockey that took him everywhere from Ontario to Oklahoma. But Albany was the most important stopits where he had met Beth.
Carolyn might have been unaffected by yesterdays events, but Billy still couldnt get the man on the motorcycle out of his mind. Just like when Carolyn attempted to fly off the porch, he couldnt grasp that the man he mowed down with the SUV continued to chase them. The CIPA diagnosis seemed like a nice, neat resolution, but perhaps it was too nice and neat. Wild theories filled Billys mind. The craziest was that they were dealing with two aliens from a far-away galaxy and the man on the motorcycle was trying to bring Carolyn back to the mother-ship. Life was starting to become a living and breathing thriller. Billy found them much more fun to write than live. Every car they passed was a potential enemy and he even looked at the gas station attendant with suspicious eyes. 
Chucks wooden, one-level cabin was hidden from civilization on a couple of acres of forest. One side was guarded by Lake George, while mountain views of the Adirondacks hovered in the rear.
There was no running water or plumbing; the cabins only amenity was fresh country air. The interior was made up of knotty pine walls that smelled like burning wood. It had two cramped bedrooms that would make for some awkward sleeping arrangements, and the bathroom was a choice between a closet-sized outhouse behind the cabin and endless acres of thick forest. 
It didnt take a detective to figure out that Dana wasnt a skilled outdoorsman. She made the case to go shopping at the many outlets surrounding the Lake George community. But since that would have defeated the whole purpose of the trip, the idea was shot down.
After they finished unpacking the vehicles, the group migrated to a grassy meadow area outside the cabin. It was like an oasis in the middle of the thick forest. Level ground extended about thirty feet from the cabin, before declining sharply to a boat slip at the waters edge.
The two women sat on lounge chairs sipping drinks. Water for Beth, while Dana sipped from her personal survival kita bottle of Pinot. Beth was completely focused on Carolyn, who ran around happily, pushing the limits of how close she could get to the water before Beths warnings echoed off the lake. It was a game to her. 
Billy joined Chuck in pacing. They were like two lions protecting their young. Billys mind continued to race. Ideas that he once would have considered too farfetched for fiction, now seemed plausible in real life. He kept expecting the intruder to zoom out of the woods at any moment and whisk Carolyn away on his motorcycle.
He could also tell that Chuck wasnt in his elementhe was about offense, not defense. His version of normalcy was spotting his prey move into the corner of the rink, and skating toward him like a runaway truck. He would move closer  closer  closer. Then bam! He would crush him into the corner with a teeth-rattling blow, the Plexiglas shaking. Maybe they would drop gloves and fight, or maybe his opponent would cower at the sight of the six-foot-six behemoth. But regardless, he would be on the offensive. Not hiding at a cabin in upstate New York.
Finally Beth said, Honey, why dont you go hunting? You know how it relaxes you.
Chuck stopped his pacing. Im not leaving you and Carolyn.
Beth informed him that it was not a request. He accepted his marching orders from his boss, which Billy found funny, at least until Chuck recruited him to come along. Billy wanted no part of killing Bambis mom, so he declined the offer. But a few minutes later he was wearing an orange vest and carrying a shotgun. 
Chuck confidently held his twelve-gauge, double barrel shotgun. It was an older, side-by side model called a LeFever Nitro Special. Billy awkwardly held his Remington pump shotgun. Chuck handed him some shells, which he fit into the pocket of the orange vest.
Upon seeing Billy in his hunting getup, Dana broke into laughter. Well, dont we feel protected now. Is that an Amish rifle?
Very funny. Maybe if someone attacks you can offer him a glass of wine and take him shopping.
Now Beth laughed. My money is on Dana.
Finally it was Carolyns turn to laugh. Grown-ups are so silly!


Chapter 38

Billy followed Chuck into the thick woods, which eventually emptied into a green meadow. Chuck explained that it wasnt deer hunting season, so Bambis mother was off limits. They would concentrate on small game, which included an assortment of rabbit, quail, pheasant, and partridge.
So are you going to teach me what to do, or am I on my own? Billy asked.
Chuck laughed. He was relaxedthis was normalcy to him. Maybe we can head down to the bookstore and get you one of those Hunting for Dummies books.
Hunting for dummies, isnt that redundant?
Chuck glared at him.
Youre going to kill me, arent you? 
Id like to, but do you know the cost of a babysitter these days?

Chuck taught Billy how to pull back the pump on his gun and load five shells. He then provided the full tutorial. They spotted a rabbit about twenty yards in front of them, which would be his first test. Billy held the gun steady, feeling lighter than he thought it would.
He looked at the poor rabbit before him. He didnt feel good about what he was about to do, but reminded himself he was no vegetarian. Hamburgers didnt appear at the supermarket courtesy of the meat fairy. He went through the checkpoints Chuck taught him: Lean forwardstabilizeanticipate movementdeep breathput finger on trigger.
He squeezed the trigger.
The gun erupted and he kicked back, surprised by how loud it was. He wasnt sure how much he missed by, but since the rabbit hopped away unscathed, it obviously hadnt been hit. Billy swore he saw one of those Bugs Bunny mocking grins on its face.
Chuck took aim, the shotgun wedged into his tall shoulder. He lightly pulled the trigger, a shot rang out, and Bugs was out of moves. Thats all folks.
Chuck instructed Billy to put the carcass into the pouch attached to his waist. He informed Chuck that under no circumstances was he walking around for the rest of the afternoon carrying a dead animal. Moments later, Billy followed Chuck into a pine tree lined field with his new pet rabbit attached to his waist. They walked side-by-side in a zigzagging pattern across the field, guns armed and ready, with Chuck continually scolding Billy to take his finger off the trigger. 
A thunderous, surround-sound of flapping wings filled the air. Billy jumped back, but Chuck remained calm and fired. Birds fell to the ground as if it were raining pheasants.
They continued this ritual throughout the afternoon, filling their pouches with dead birds. Most of them, actually all, shot by Chuck. Billy became more comfortable with the gun, but still wasnt a very good shot. 
The hunting created a momentary diversion, but the topic soon returned to the reason they were here.
So who do you think is after my daughter, eh? Chuck asked.
I dont know, Billy answered, keeping his alien theories to himself.
Chuck looked as if he expected the answer. Last night, Beth said she couldnt believe Carolyn got on the motorcycle with that monster. Carolyn overheard us and began to argue that he wasnt a monster. She said he was a firefly.
Billy shrugged. So?
Carolyn has a special ability to tell the good people from the bad peopleIm convinced of this. The fact that she thought her kidnapper was an angel would destroy my whole belief system.
I dont know who or what he was, but I do think he had the same thing as her. When we fought at the beach, it was like he didnt even feel my punches. And I hit him head-on with my Cherokee!
I shot the guy with a high powered rifle and he kept running. Im with you on this one, but what does this mean?
It would make sense that one of these crazy groups Jordan talked about would use a CIPA kid to lure her. She would feel a kinship.
But then how come he never revealed he had it? Wouldnt that be his big selling point to Carolyn? His behavior was the oppositelike he didnt want anyone to know.
Billy noddedthe only sure thing was that they had no good answers.
So are you going to tell me what was so important that you abandoned my daughter on a busy street?
Billy filled with regret. I cant apologize to you enough for that. I swear it will never happen again.
Im more interested in your reason, than an apology. My guess is you wouldnt have left her unless you had a good reason.
Billy gave in and told Chuck the whole story. He began with Debi Edelstein and the man on the train. Then seeing the same man yesterday. Billy had done some research last night, and the Jaguar was registered to a Joe Skaggs, who was an attorney with an office in New Canaan. The rest of his bio matched what he told Billy on the train. 
Chuck actually knew Joe Skaggs, who had done legal work for Beverly. Chuck doubted his involvement in anything sinister, such as Billys wild theory that Skaggs purposely lured him away to assist the man on the motorcycle snatch Carolyn. 
Billy eventually got to the part where he now believed Beth was purchased by the Boulangers in an illegal transaction, with Mrs. B front-and-center involved in it. 
Chuck was silent for what seemed like minutes. Then said, That would kill Beth. Lets keep it to ourselves, eh?
Billy could tell it hurt him to keep anything from his wife. 
They zigzagged through more high grass. More sounds of flapping wings echoed off the Adirondacks. Billy again shot, and again hit nothing. 
You would think with your background with guns, you would be a lot better shot, Chuck said.
Billy was startled. What?
Lets just say, I know why you dont like to discuss the past. Assault with a deadly weapon is a pretty ugly last memory of a relationship ... whether charges were dropped or not.
You know?
Ive known. Hawks show is syndicated on an affiliate up here. I was listening when I was on my hunting trip, and then I did some research.
Then how come you didnt throw me out? Billy asked, his eyes landing on Chucks gun. Are you sure youre not going to kill me?
No, but Beth might if she ever finds out. I only judge people on what I know of them. If I let Beths past issues keep me from being with her, then my life would be pretty sad and lonely.
He could tell Chuck didnt want to delve further into this subject. He had made his point.
What do you say we head back and check on the girls? Chuck suggested and Billy didnt need to have his arm twisted.
With nightfall descending, they trudged back to the cabin. Any other theories? Chuck asked.
I had one about aliens.
Well, we better get back then before the mother-ship lands, he said with a laugh, but it wasnt funny. 
They crunched on sticks and brush as they headed back to the cabin. 
Then they heard a scream.
It was Carolyns scream. 


Chapter 39

Chuck readied his shotgun as he barreled toward the scream. Billy tried to keep up with Chucks long strides, but found it a struggle just to avoid the branches snapping back into his face, and he fell behind. He could see Chuck up in the distance, closing in on the dangerhis shouts ripping through the forest. Carolyn!
Billy arrived at the campsite a distant second to Chuck, but just in time to hear Carolyns voice shout back, Daddy! 
It was a happy voice. The voice of relief.
Chuck looked at Beth with confusion. She sat on a lounge chair with the residue of laughter on her face. 
I heard her scream, he said, trying to catch his breath. Whats so funny?
Beth pointed to a spot where Dana and Carolyn stood. Carolyn fell with the sparkler. The brush caught on fire and she screamed. But the funny part was watching Dana put the fire out with her four-hundred-dollar shoes.
Carolyn began running toward them with the sparkler in her non-sling arm, spraying light in the darkening sky. Dana followed gingerly, carrying her barbecued heels. 
Carolyn noticed Billy removing his pouch containing the small game her father shot. Billyyou brought me stuffed animals!
He looked to Chuck and Beth for help. He didnt know what to do with that one. 
Chuck winked back at him like he had a plan, and then swooped Carolyn into his arms. So what did you girls talk about when we were gone? he asked, allowing Billy to stash the dead animals.
Carolyn came fast out of the blocks, sprinting a tangent, Mommy told Aunt Dana that she was flirting with Billy. Aunt Dana said she wasnt, but then she smiled and Mommy said, you haff a thing for him, dont you?
Carolyn took a deep breath, and then continued a mile a minute, Aunt Dana said Billy was different from the others. And Mommy said she liked Billy and he has been great with Carolynthats mebut hes a mess. Then Aunt Dana said for Mommy to not worry her pretty little head because Aunt Dana and Billy are just friends. Then I got to play with the sparklers.
Chuck laughed. That might be a little too much information, princess.
Heydont shoot the messenger.
Dana headed toward the cabin, perhaps to put some aloe on her red face. I need a drink.
Billy headed in the opposite direction, toward the lake. I think Im going to clean up a little  since Im such a mess.

While hunting, Chuck said the plan was to cook up whatever they shot and serve it for dinner. Billy wasnt looking forward to eating rabbit or pheasant. Or plucking the feathers, which Chuck told him would be his job. So he was pleasantly surprised that they grilled hamburgers and hot dogs instead.
After dinner, they sat in the lounge chairs next to a campfire that Chuck had built. Their only entertainment was watching Carolyn run around, trying to catch fireflies.
Dana recovered from her earlier embarrassment, helped by a few stiff drinks, and began photographing the night with her digital camera that had some techno, night-vision gadget she was quite proud of. As if one day, feeling in a sentimental mood, one of them would go, Lets look at the pictures of the time when we were hiding out in the woods because some lunatic was trying to kidnap Carolyn!
Carolyn rejoined the group, and convinced Dana to allow her to use the camera. The princess then ordered, Billyget over by my family.
He followed her command. 
You too, Aunt Dana.
The four of them huddled around the fire in front of the wooded backdrop. Carolyn stood about ten feet away, awkwardly placed the camera to her face, and exclaimed, Say cheese!
Cheese! they all said in unison and the flash lit up the night.
Carolyn then ran to show off her masterpiece, which probably captured more trees than people.
Chuck had first viewing. He broke into laughter, proudly telling the group that it was perfectly centered. Thats my girl.
He handed it to Dana. At first she looked impressed, but then her face dropped.
Billy read her panicked look and pulled the camera away. He viewed the screen, looking closely at the just taken photo. On it, he saw the dark figure lurking in the background.


Chapter 40

Chuck picked up his shotgun and moved toward the sound of crunching leaves. 
Obeying Chucks instructions, everyone remained by the lounge chairs, nervously watching him, as he moved toward the tree-lined edge of the woods. His gun was raised, ready to strike. Billy could tell he was straining to remain still, anxiously awaiting the flapping of wings.
The night was still, only the chirping crickets had the guts to make a sound. It had the feel of the obligatory scene in the horror movie, right before something really bad was about to happen. 
On cue, a scurrying sound broke the silence. Chuck turned sharply, ready to fire. But before he could, or anyone had a chance to warn him about the dark silhouette appearing behind him, an arm was wrapped around his neck and gun pointed to his temple.
His only prudent move was to drop the shotgun, which he did. He was then walked back to the group at gunpoint. Defeat filled his eyes, as if he somehow let them down.
Billys eyes never left the young black man who was holding the gun. He wore the same tank top and jeans as the last time theyd crossed paths. He noticed the rose tattoo on his arm and the festering wound in his shoulder area where Chuck had previously shot him. Billy was no doctor, but the wound looked in dire need of attention. 
Now only feet away, Billy got his first good look at his facehe was too busy punching him to notice during their first meeting. He appeared much younger than Billy expected. Maybe twenty at the oldest, but more likely around sixteen. His eyes were scared and his body language was childlike. He seemed nothing more than a scared kid.
He fidgeted with the gun as he spoke for the first time, I dont want to hurt anyone.
Beth was like a cornered animal, and pulled Carolyn closer to her. What do you want?
The intruder eyed each of them individually, until he came upon the little girl. Beth took a step back, still clinging onto Carolyn, but there was nowhere to go. They could no longer run from their problemstheir problem was standing a few feet away  and eyeing Carolyn.
I need to talk to her, the intruder stated. 
Over my dead body. You leave my baby alone! Beth screeched back at him.
But Carolyn began walking slowly toward the man as if she were in a trance. Billys alien theory was gaining steam.
Carolyn, get back here! Beths words echoed off the dark lake.
She took a step toward Carolyn, and the man brandished his firearm at her head. Beth would probably have brushed off the deadly threat and kept after her, but Carolyn turned and said, Its okay, Mommy, hes nice.
Carolynget back here right now! Beth attempted to order, but it sounded more like begging.
Carolyn continued toward him, her hand extended to shake. He didnt respond, appearing mystified by the custom. Like hed never seen it beforeas if he was from another world. Aliens?
Carolyn grabbed his hand and comfortably giggled. Its a handshake, silly. She then added, My name is Carolyn Whitcomb, but you can call me princess.
The man smiled. It wasnt the smile of an evil predator. It was the wide-eyed wonderment of someone who was seeing the world for the first time. I know. Ive been searching for you.
Beth gasped at the words. Chuck took an aggressive step and got the gun pointed at him, forcing him to slam on the brakes.
You are the man with the big boy motorcycle, Carolyn observed.
He nodded his head.
Whats your name?
My name is Calvin Rose, he said and showed her the tattoo of the rose on his bare arm.
Carolyn looked excited. Whoayou did finger paints on your arm. Can I paint my arm?
Stay away from that monster, Carolyn, Beth shouted.
I told you, hes not a monsterhes a firefly.
A very Poltergeist moment, Billy thought. He expected the ghoulish little woman to appear and yell, Run to the light, Carolyn! Run to the light!
Calvin knelt down beside Carolyn and began to poke and prod her.
Get your hands off my daughter! Beth yelled in desperation. Chuck grabbed Beth and took her into his arms. It was the wrong move to scare the already scared boy. Scared people do irrational things.
You have the anesthesia too, Calvin said to Carolyn, ignoring the others. It was just the two of them. 
Her face scrunched. I dont think I haff amateesera.
He pinched her arm tightly. She didnt even flinch. I cant feel my boo-boos, she said, now understanding, and stuck out her tongue for a visual aid.
He tapped the wound in his shoulder, and assimilated to her language. I cant feel my boo-boos either.
Does that mean you cant play hockey, too?
He has CIPA also, Billy thought, confirming his earlier thoughts.
A noise bristled through the woods and the silent night turned chaotic once again. It sounded like an animal, but Calvin Rose didnt seem so sure. He was again on-point. His childlike gaze left and the cynical glare of a warrior appeared. 
Go by the others, he instructed Carolyn.
Calvin moved to the campfire and extinguished it with a bottle of water he found in Chucks cooler. He then moved around the grounds in an inspection-type manner, only the sharp moonlight lighting his path. It was like he was expecting someone to arrive. He appeared as unhinged as the rest of them.
Calvin returned to the group, his gun at ease by his side. Our time is limited, he said.
Time is limited for what? Billy asked.
They will be here soon. We must protect your foal, he said, pointing to Carolyn.
Beth was incensed, and had possibly crossed the line to insanity What will protect her is you getting the hell out of here!
Calvin didnt respond. He eyeballed everyone like he was taking attendance. He took on the calm aura of a leader. He then pointed at Beth. You are Carolyns dam, correct?
Im her mother, and you are going to be god dam sorry you ever messed with us.
The language intrigued Billy. Foal? Dam? He was familiar with the horse terms. The Klein family owned thoroughbreds and their annual pilgrimage to the Kentucky Derby was more sacred to them than Christmas. But what did it mean in this case?
Calvin pointed at Chuck. You are the stallion who sired her, correct?
More horse terms.
Chuck didnt seem to know what to say, so he just nodded.
Calvin appeared to be putting together a puzzle in his head. Or maybe he was just mentally deranged. He looked at Billy. What is your purpose?
Im a friend.
Do friends have the anesthesia?
What? No.
Calvin began mumbling to himself. The outside is different. The only ones I know who dont have the anesthesia are stallions, dams, doctors, and trainers. I dont understand friend.
A friend is someone who will do anything to protect Carolyn, Billy informed.
Who is the other mare? Calvin asked, pointing at Dana. 
Dana trembled. Billy put his arm around her, attempting to comfort.
I have a trust fund. You can have anything you want if you let Carolyn go, she pleaded.
Calvin kept focus. They are coming for Carolynprobability is 85%we must act quickly.
We will not help you. Stay away from my daughter! Beth continued to shout.
My mission is to protect her.
I told you, hes a firefly, Carolyn insisted.
Beth began to sob. Hes not a firefly, Carolyn, he is just pretending to be one, and then hes going to harm you.


Chapter 41

Calvin swelled with urgency. I have placed three metallic cans containing a petroleum-derived liquid mix beside the lake, adjacent to the boat dock.
What the non-aliens call gasoline, Billy thought.
I need the two mares to take two of the cans and pour the substance along the brush of the shoreline. Then bring me the third can, he instructed in a calm, mechanical tone.
What if we refuse? Dana asked, defiantly wiping tears.
Then I will shoot the stallion and the friend, he said coldly. He wasnt fooling around. Whether the danger he felt was real or imagined, he believed firmly in its imminence. Chuck nodded to the group, indicating they should follow the orders.
The women reluctantly headed toward the lake. Beth and Chuck exchanged glances. Chuck shouted to her, his words attempting to reassure that he would protect Carolyn at any cost, but that was already understood. Beth took one last look at Carolyn and Chuck, holding it for a moment like she was taking a photo in her mind. 
Once the women were out of sight, Billy put on his reporter hat. Who is after Carolyn?
Calvin appeared distracted. The trainers.
Who are the trainers? 
Time is limited.
You need us to help you, Billy tried to gain what little leverage they had. We will, but only if you tell us who you are and who is after us?
Calvin looked as if he were weighing the possibilities in his mind, before arriving at the conclusion that he needed their cooperation for the mission to succeed. He ushered Carolyn out of earshot, but close enough to keep watch over her, then told them the sordid tale.
I was a member of a group called Operation Anesthesia. On a recent mission, my male sibling, Andr, who knew about the outside, set up a plan to escape. He had told us of the outside world, a place they cant make you go on missions, where, he looked at Billy and finally had a name for those he fought with, your friends didnt come back and could no longer be with their dam. We must not let that happen to Carolyn. They are looking for methe logical response was to remain concealed, but I couldnt accept the idea of the trainers getting Carolyn. I saw her on the 
He tried to explain it like he was playing Pictionary, but struggled to communicate. Either hed never come in contact with this outside world he spoke of, or he was a great actor.
Billy finally grasped what he meant. Television? 
Calvin nodded, as if the term had come back to him. Affirmative. I knew they would come for her. My dam told us that they recruit foals with the anesthesia from the outside like my male sibling, Andr. I was born inside the camp, as was my other male sibling, Bronson, who also escaped with us.
Everyone in Operation Anesthesia has CIPA? Billy asked.
Blank look. He needed to speak his language.
All the foals they bring to the camp have the anesthesia?
Affirmative.
How did you get away? Chuck asked.
Our squad was on reconnaissance mission to 31.41 degrees north latitude53.49 degrees east longitudecity: Yazdcountry: Iran. We followed Andrs lead. He fired on our own squad and trainers. A sandstorm reduced visibility. The helicopter went down, allowing us a window. I learned on the television that our squad was captured and terminated, Calvin talked more like a computer than a scared kid. But his emotions were human; Billy could see the regret of leaving the others behind. Like Carolyn, he could feel pain on the inside.
Billy felt like his head would explode. If Calvin was telling the truth, his squad were the Iranian hostages! As Calvin continued to tell the story of Operation Anesthesia, Billy put the puzzle pieces together as best he could. And when the puzzle was complete, he couldnt believe the picture that emerged. Calvin was part of a covert operation that kidnapped CIPA children, trained them like robots at some camp, and then marched them into potential suicide missions. 
As insane as it sounded, the premise was built on logic. Those afflicted with CIPA could withstand drastic temperatures and rugged terrain. And with a quick glance at Calvins shoulder wound, Billy saw firsthand how they could take punishment beyond the normal human capacity. Billys gut told him that Calvin was telling the truth.
Did you work for the United States Government? Billy asked.
The questions began to overload Calvins computer, and he started to fluster. I dont know.
Where is this camp?
I dont know.
Was it hot or cold? What language did the trainers speak? How did you get from Iran to New York?
I cant sense temperatures, we were trained in numerous languages, and by hiding on cargo ship, he methodically answered the questions, before flipping a switch to raw human emotion, Time is limited.
Where are your brothers nowyour male siblings?
I only have the ability to identify the location of Bronson. We are applying a tactic taught by the trainers to restrict the number of contacts. Only Bronson can identify Andrs location, and only Andr can identify my location. A triangle.
Then where is Bronson?
45 degrees north latitude70 degrees west longitudecity: Montrealprovince: Quebeccountry: Canadacontinent: North America.
Why Montreal?
Bronson thinks if we dont have the anesthesia anymore, then the trainers wont need us. He is searching for a cure, but Andr informed him it would require a miracle. Our dam told us the story of miraclesmiracles are located in Montreal. 
How do we know you arent still working for this Operation Anesthesia, and you are just using us to get Carolyn? Chuck asked, appearing ready to strike if he received the wrong answer.
Operation Anesthesia trained Anesthesia soldiers to be assassins. If I wanted to harm you or Carolyn, it would have already occurred.
Good point.
Beth and Dana returned, carrying a red gas can. Beth immediately ran to Carolyn and hugged her.
Mission accomplished? Calvin asked.
Do I not smell like a Mobil Station? Dana snarled at him. 
Calvin coldly pointed his gun at Chuck. Billy knew it was a bluff, but it was effective. Yes, we poured the gas just as you said, Dana conceded.
Now I need the stallion to go into the trees and transport my motorcycle.
Chuck began walking, no longer questioning the orders. Carolyn naturally followed, but Calvin grabbed her. She stays with me.
Beth then ran at him, punching, kicking and screaming. You leave my daughter alone, you bastard!
Billy could tell he couldnt feel the punches, just like when they fought at the beach. But that didnt seem to bother Beth. It took both Billy and Dana to physically restrain her.
Chuck returned with the motorcycle, which Calvin had hidden in a pine tree at the edge of the woods. He was either really good with bodywork or had stolen another one after Billy had mangled the one at the beach. Calvin removed a backpack from the motorcycle and strapped it to his back. He then ordered Chuck to place the motorcycle inside the cabin.
Carolyn looked disappointed; she wasnt going to get a ride. 
Billy didnt grasp the strategy. He thought they were going to get out of Dodge before the aliens showed up. But Calvin was hunkering down. This was going to be their Alamo.
Calvin took the gas can and soaked the cabin, inside and out.
What was he doing?


Chapter 42

They are going to come from the water, Calvin stated in a self-assured tone, aging decades right before their eyes.
He moved toward the lake, leaving the others behind. Except Carolyn, who he wasnt letting out of his sight, or reach. When he returned, he asked Carolyn for one of her sparklers. The smiling girl handed him one, along with a safety-first warning.
Calvin gathered his troops, who didnt know what or who to believe, but had no choice but to follow. Our best weapon is surprise. They dont expect me to be here, and dont expect you to have knowledge of the mission. Recruiting squads are small and mobile. Quiet inquiet out. The element of surprise is on our side.
With his eyes, Chuck encouraged everyone to play along. Billy seconded with a slight head nod. He knew Calvin was right; if he wanted to kill them he could have done it without the drama. And if he were just a lone lunatic who forgot to take his meds, then they would have to stall long enough until the authorities arrived to investigate the fire he was about to start.
Calvin grabbed Carolyn and again headed toward the water. 
Beth followed, announcing, Wherever Carolyn goes, I go.
Before their inevitable confrontation occurred, the sound of splashing water pierced the quiet night. Light footsteps followed. If they werent on high alert, they never wouldve noticed.
Calvin turned toward the dark night and fired his gun. It echoed loudly, causing everyone to jump. A dark silhouette fell to the ground. Its an aqua squad, Calvin uttered matter-of-factly and then fired again. Another body fell.
Dana screamed. Billy and the others were too stunned to move or speak. Calvin lit the sparkler and tossed it toward the aroma of gasoline. Move back! he ordered, as the edge of the lake lit up like a fire fence. 
Calvin reached into his backpack and pulled out  a grenade!
He removed the plug and lobbed it out into the water. The explosion briefly illuminated a boat. Then he tossed another. They are coming by boat. Likelihood of five divers and a trainer, two are down.
They retreated backward up the lawn, away from the firewall. Another silhouette dashed through the flames, continuing to run toward them with its body ablaze. It looked like those gruesome suicides that were infamous during the Vietnam War. Calvin aimed and fired. The fireball dropped to the ground.
Billy winced. Based on Calvins story, it was probably a once-innocent CIPA kid who just got gunned down. Just like Carolyn. Kidnapped at a young age and trained to kill. Not even feeling the fire. 
Calvin lobbed two more grenades. The explosions ripped through the night, and sparked retaliatory gunfire from the boat. Machine-gun fire pelted the coast. Another fireball of a manor childran through the fence of fire. Calvin again coolly gunned him down, as he was trained to do.
Flames began to surround the entire meadow. The crackling of wood indicated that the fire had spread to the forest. The thick smell of fire swept through, and breathing became a challenge. Carolyn didnt do well in the heat with her fevers, and looked like she was going to wilt.
We must get to the cabin, Calvin talked over the sounds of war. 
They ran across the burning yard, surrounding Carolyn like a fortress; she was precious cargo. Bullets sprayed. Then Chuck fell to the ground like an anchor.
Beth ran to himhe was bleeding near his neck. Get down, Calvin ordered without emotion.
Like a trained physician, Calvin methodically examined Chuck. Pulseheart ratebreathingvitals.
Its fleshcarotid artery not hit, he delivered the news in his mechanical style.
It might not have been life threatening, but what was behind them was. They crawled to the cabin as fast as humanly possible, and braced.
The bullets suddenly stopped, which meant one of two things. The good being that the soldiers had fled. The not-so-rosy scenario was they had come ashore to finish the job, and were quietly preparing to ambush. From the look in Calvins eyes, Billy knew whatever they did in the next few moments would go a long way in determining their futures.
They ducked inside the gasoline-smelling cabin. Billy couldnt take his eyes off of Calvin, who appeared numb. Hed seen that look in the mirrorCalvin had come to the end of the road.
Operation Anesthesia has retreated, but this is not finished, Calvin addressed them, sounding sure. The trainers will regroup. They will seek Carolyn until she is captured, just as they will with my siblings and myself. They always taught us that failure is not an option for Operation Anesthesia.
Calvin knelt beside Carolyn once more. This time Beth didnt object. They were on the same team  for now.
It was a pleasure to meet you, Carolyn Whitcomb, but we now must go our separate ways.
Carolyns face saddened. You haff to go?
Im afraid so.
Whataya say, that instead, we ride motorcycles, she tried to negotiate.
He smiled, but couldnt mask the sadness in his face. A tear fell. He was part raw emotion and part machine. I must go now, he said. 
He took off a necklacea replica of the rose he had tattooed on his arm. He draped it around Carolyns neck like a gold medal ceremony in the Olympics. This will keep you safe.
Its pretty.
My dam used to say to me that beauty is freedom, and freedom is life. May you remain free on the outside. 
Like a chameleon, Calvin metamorphosed from a childlike creature that inspired a heartfelt smile from Carolyn, back into a rugged soldier. He motioned to Beth. You and the other mare transport Carolyn to your vehicles and wait for instructions from the stallion and the friend.
Call me Chuck.
You can keep calling me friend, Billy said, and for the record, your brother Bronson is wrong. You dont need a curethere is nothing wrong with you. The people with the problem are these trainers.
Calvin nodded that he understood.
Carolyn tried to cut a deal to play with Calvin for five more minutes, before Beth and Dana whisked her away. She looked back and waved, a sad, droopy wave with a glum face to match. She knew this was the end of the road.
Billy was confused as to what would happen next. Then it became clear
And horrifying. 


Chapter 43

Calvin addressed Billy and Chuck, Time is limited. The trainers are relentless. You must split up. 
It was hard to hear him with the crackling fire and the sirens in the distance. He seemed to notice this, raising his voice. Billy could tell that what he was about to say was the key to their survival.
Chuck, the dam, and the other mare need to stay here and falsely report that the friend and Carolyn died in the fire, he said and lit a sparkler. It will buy time for the friend and Carolyn to go to Montreal and find Bronson. He knows where Andr is, Andr knows all the details of the camp.
A look of determination came over his face. Andr is the only one who knows where my dam is. If you find her, please tell her Im sorry I let her down. I promised her I would return safely from my last mission. But also thank her; the outside was as beautiful as she described.
His mother is at the camp? Billy had so many more questions. But they lacked timehe would have to wait until Montreal to get his answers. Calvin then gave Billy the remaining contents of his backpack, including his gun.
What are you planning on doing? Chuck asked.
There needs to be a body here when the authorities search. I will be unrecognizable, so nobody will really be able to dispute the claim that its the body of the friend or Carolyn, without a full investigation and autopsy. By that time you will have the head start you need.
Billy felt sick. You cant do this. Come with us.
The outside world is like a miracle. But no miracle will save me from being captured by the trainers. Carolyn still has a chance.
You cant be serious, Chuck said.
But he was. Calvin doused himself with gas. Then in a split second, he grabbed one of Carolyns sparklers, lit it, and set himself on fire. Flames instantly engulfed him.
He continued to speak in a clear and lucid tone, You need to get away from the cabin. I put the motorcycle in here to cause an explosion  which should buy you some more time. Please move awayyou must save Carolyn. His voice became urgent, You are her only chance.
They moved out of the doorway. Billy tried to look away from the incomprehensible sight, but couldnt peel his gaze away. Calvin stood in a trance, painlessly melting before their eyes. Billy noticed a tear roll down his cheekCalvin felt the pain on the inside. It meant he was alive ... but he wouldnt be for long. His arm fell off and then his legs collapsed. He dropped to a kneeling position on the floor. It was as if he was peacefully praying. 
The defiant words, I just wanna tell him one more thing, rocketed Billy from his trance. Carolyn had broken away from Beth and Dana. She arrived at the doorway and froze. Like Billy and Chuck, she couldnt turn away from the indescribable sight before them.
I told you he was a firefly, she said with wonderment. 
Chuck grabbed her and turned her head away, as they ran to their cars. Billy couldnt help but to take one last look at Calvin, who was well on his way to becoming nothing but dental records. Aliens would be more believable! But Billy also knew he was doing what he was trained to doto make any sacrifice necessary to complete his mission. And in this case, his mission was to save a fellow CIPA comrade, Carolyn Whitcomb.
The instructions from Calvin were clear, and at this point nobody doubted his allegiance. But that didnt mean the split would be easy. Beth had to be talked into it, and there wasnt much time. The flames were swallowing up the whole area; the heat overwhelming. 
Finally Beth gave in. She picked up Carolyn and said, You are going to go with Billy, just like when he watched you when you couldnt go to school.
Carolyn was street smart, so she understood she was being sold a bill of goods. How bout I got a better ideaI say we stay and ride motorcycles and bikes.
Beth squeezed Carolyn so hard that Billy thought she would break. Mommy will always love you, sweetie, you know that, right?
I love you too, Mommy.
I want you to know that even though I wont be with you, Ill still be with you in spirit.
Whats spirit?
You know when you feel good in your heart?
Yes.
Well, that is Mommys spirit telling you that I love you.
Carolyn removed the rose necklace and hung it around Beths neck. Calvin said it keeps you safe. I want you to be safe to give me warm spirits in my heart.
Beth broke into tears. Youre such a good girl. Mommy is so proud of you.
Carolyn smiled her big, toothless grin. Im a giver.
Chuck pulled Beth away. If he didnt, she would never have let go.
You and Billy are going to go to Montreal. Do you know whats in Montreal, princess? Chuck asked her.
The steak sauce?
He smiled at the mention of Montreal Steak Sauce, her favorite topping to any meal. Yes, but I was thinking about you and Billy going to a Montreal Canadiens hockey game.
I think I should get to play hockey again, she said.
If youre a good girl for Billy, then well talk about it when you get home.
She gave him a big kiss on the cheek. I love you, Daddy.
I love you too, princess. So do you understand what I just told you?
That Billy and I are gonna eat steaks and watch hockey.
Close enough. He set her on the ground. If they waited another minute, their cars would be melted into the ground. Breathing was near impossible.
As Billy hugged Dana goodbye, he wondered if this was what it was like when Beths family split up at Grand Central. It had been over twenty years without a reunion for them. He tried to push any tragic Shakespearean comparisons out of his head.
They agreed to only call on their cell phones if it was a going over the cliff type of emergency. Dana gave Billy an ATM card, which he stashed in the backpack that carried the survival kit Calvin had provided him.
As Beth sobbed in the front seat of the pickup, Chuck removed the car seat and brought it to the Cherokee.
Chuck sang a couple lines of Sweet Carolyn, as he strapped her into her seat. He then shook hands with Billy. Take care of my princess, he said, holding a powerful grip of hands, and maintaining intense eye contact, seeking assurance. It was understood.
The two cars sped off in different directions, passing fire trucks that were racing toward the fire. Then a huge explosion shook the ground.
The motorcycle had exploded in the cabin.


Chapter 44

As the hazy sun rose over the Adirondacks, Billy helped Carolyn board an Amtrak train at the Glen Falls/Fort Edward Station. His eyes moved around like a mosquito that just guzzled a Starbucks double latte. He was suspicious of everyone. The conductor  the French speaking couple beside them  the lounge car attendant  even a frail elderly woman two rows ahead of them who was talking hearing-aid loud about her grandchildren in Plattsburg.
The most important item in the Calvin-provided survival kit was fake identification hed prepared for Billy and Carolyn. He had obviously been planning their escape prior to last night. Billy studied the laminated ID card like a college student cramming for a test he was wildly unprepared for. His new identity was Chad Foley, and he was traveling with his daughter, Abigail. 
They were forced to leave Calvins gun in the Cherokee, unwilling to risk being stopped by security. They left behind the sling for Carolyns arm, which likely wouldve served as an identifying mark for those in pursuit. To accentuate the fickleness of children, after weeks of complaining about it, she actually didnt want to leave it behind.
After escaping the cabin fire last night, Billy drove around in the Cherokee like a ship with no port. The degree of difficulty increased due to a certain four-year-old in dire need of sleep. He thought they found safe-haven at a commuter parking lot near the train station, but when a suspicious car arrived and shut its lights, he was on the move again. Actually, the car wasnt that suspicious at all. Piled up newspapers in the back signaled it was a newspaper delivery driver taking a break. But Billys paranoia had overtaken all his senses.
They found refuge in an apple orchard and waited for the first train to Montreal at daybreak. Billy spent the rest of the night cradling Calvins gun close to his chest as if it were a newborn. But if Calvin was rightand at this point there was no evidence to refute himthose chasing them were straight out of the shadows of a spy novel. And he was sure a force that could get behind the enemy lines of Iran, wouldnt have any difficulty penetrating an apple orchard in Glenn Falls, New York. What was he really going to do if they found them?

As they waited for morning, Billy had hoped Carolyn would nod off and get some needed shuteye. But no such luck. He tried to gauge her emotions, but she displayed an impressive poker face throughout the night. Billy was afraid to ask her for her reaction to the fire and shootout, expecting her to declare it to be fun! But he also knew the little girl was hooked-in emotionally to everything swirling around her. She likely heard the panic in her parents voices and could feel how scared they were. Just like Beth did the day she was abandoned.
When they found their seats on the train, Billy closed his eyes for the first time in two days. But as soon as his eyelids latched he was forced to re-watch the movie Calvin Rose Burning over and over in his head. This past month, the bar for what he found mind-blowing had risen to immeasurable heights. A girl who couldnt feel pain was surreal. A possible covert military operation trying to abduct Carolyn was hard to get his mind around. But the sight of an unflinching Calvin Rose barbecuing himself was too much for him to take. His eyes flew open, hoping to escape the nightmare. No such luck.
Carolyn continued staring ahead, stubbornly fighting off the Sandman. She was on fumesonly an internal survival mechanism keeping her awake. It looked like the life was drained from her face, her normally rosy cheeks ghostly pale. The drama and trauma of the past month had tested her mettle, especially the week she spent in the hospital. But this was the first time hed seen the childhood innocence knocked from her.
Are you okay? he asked her.
I smell icky.
Their clothing reeked of burning fire. And Billy couldnt dislodge the stench of Calvins burning flesh from his nasal cavity.
You and me both. The good news is nobody will sit next to us and well get more legroom.
Not even a courtesy chuckle; tough crowd.
We will get a change of clothes as soon as we get to Montreal, he said in his most re-assuring voice.
I wanna go home.
Soon, but first we have to go to Montreal.
I need to go home and feed Puck.
Your mom will feed him for a couple of days while were away.
I miss my mom and dad.
Me too.
She began to tear up, returning her gaze to the back of the seat in front of her, and announced, Im having a sad day.
Billy tried to wipe her tears, but she sharply turned her head away. He decided to let her alone with her thoughts. This was not the time to push her.
After some reflection, she hesitantly asked, Are my mom and dad mad at me because I was nice to Calvin?
Of course not, they just want you to be safe. They love you very much and cant bear to see you hurt. You know the rule: dont talk to strangers.
Is that why I cant go to school again  because I was a bad girl and talked to strangers?
Billy reached deep inside and pulled out his best fake smile. Actually, since youve been such a good girl, your mom and dad wanted me to take you to a Montreal Canadiens hockey game for a special treat!
Carolyn flashed a look that said, I mightve fallen for that when I was three, but Im four now.
They again slipped into a weary quiet. The train moved from the magnificent Adirondack Mountains to the shoreline of the massive Lake Champlain, which they would ride beside for about fifty miles. They made stops at Whitehall Fort Ticonderoga, a famous fort built in 1775 by the French to defend against the British. At every stop, Billy eyed each new passenger, looking for any clue that they might be connected to Operation Anesthesia. But unlike the French, who knew what they were up against when they built Fort Ticonderoga, Billy had no idea who his enemy was, what they looked like, or where or when they would strike. He would have given anything for a symmetrical army marching toward him in red coats.
The train rattled by Lake Placid. He tried to cheer up Carolyn by telling her a great fairy tale about the 1980 US Olympic hockey team that won the gold medal in Lake Placid.
He paced the story like a novel, causing Carolyn to perk up. The story had memorable characters such as the unrelenting Coach Brooks and the never-say-die captain named Eruzione, along with great plot twists like the miracle tie against Sweden. The story built to the climactic battle between the underdog U.S. kids and the Soviet machine, the greatest hockey team in the world. 
The ending was perfect. The US beat the Soviets, as the announcer uttered the now-famous line, Do you believe in miracles!?
So the U.S. team was the fireflies and So-vee-its were the dragons? Carolyn asked, hanging on every detail.
She was right. All great battles throughout time come down to fireflies and dragons. And sometimes, like in Lake Placid, miracles do happen and the fireflies prevail. The question was, would they find a miracle in Montreal before the dragon found them?
The hockey story must have siphoned Carolyns remaining fuel, because she drifted into a deep sleep, whistling a light snore.
Billy wondered about her dreams. She didnt appear restless or tortured, but he knew if what she witnessed was allowed to fester inside her impressionable mind, it could leave some ugly scars where they hurt the moston the insidethe place where she felt pain. So when she awoke following a bumpy stop at Rouses Point, he addressed the issue.
Do you want to talk about what happened last night?
No.
You dont have to. But I know I was scared, and when Im scared it makes me feel better to talk about it. So do you mind listening to me?
My mom and dad were scared too.
He knew it. They were just worried about you. Sometimes grown-ups act weird when they care about someone.
Kind of like how you and Aunt Dana act weird around each other?
He chuckled. I think were just weird.
How come my mom didnt want me to play with Calvin?
I think she thought he was a dragon.
Carolyn looked befuddled. How could someone mix up a dragon and a firefly? Thats silly!
Sometimes grown-ups lose the good vision they had when they were kids. They think they see stuff, but kids feel it.
Im sure glad Im not a grown-up!
Me too.
She giggled with innocence. You are a grown-up, silly.
Sometimes I forget, he said with a smile, before turning serious again. Do you want to talk about what happened to Calvin?
Whataya mean?
When he was on fire.
Hes a fireflyhes sposed to be on fire. He was just playing.
Fireflies are angels, right?
Of course, silly.
He was definitely a firefly then.
Carolyn took a theatrical whiff of air. I smell like a fireplace.
I told youwell get new clothes when we get to Montreal.
Will they be warm and fluffy, like when my mom does the laundry?
Ill do my best.
Are we almost there?
About ten minutes.
What are we gonna do in Montreal?
He opened the Fodors travel guide he bought in the Glen Falls station and pointed out the mall where they would purchase the clothes.
We are also going to visit Calvins brother, Bronson.
Can he come to the hockey game with us?
Well see.
She smiled. When her dad said, well see, it meant yes, Carolyn. Her energy level picked up. That would be fun!


Chapter 45

After being awoken by the news of the Lake George debacle, Dash. Naqui couldnt get back to sleep. He needed to think, and his office was always the place he found solace to do so. So he arrived just before five on Wednesday morning.
The simple recruitment of a young child had turned into a newsworthy forest fire. The parents reported the child as missing, and while nobody would say it, the expectation was that the little girl had died in the fire.
He walked into his dark office and turned on the lights. He immediately hopped backward, startled by the figure sitting in the chair behind his desk.
Hello, Doc, I figured you Johnny Jihad types always show up early for work.
Naquis fists clenched as he peered at Franklin Stipes arrogant smirk. Stipe looked more Madison Avenue than military in a dark, double-breasted pinstriped suit. But his skin was shedding like a reptile. 
Did you come to gloat over your seamless performance last night? Naqui asked.
Stipe either ignored, or didnt comprehend the sarcasm. Im on my way to New Canaan this morning to conduct a little business at the Whitcomb residence, so I figured Id stop by on my way and get me a cocktail. I had a tough night.
I think you are confusing terms. You had an incompetent night last night, just like you did in Iran. Isnt there some baseball metaphor about three strikes?
Naqui turned on the flat-screen that hung like a painting on the wall. He flipped channels until he came to something called Good Morning New York, although for the life of him he couldnt figure out what was so good about it. They were showing videoagainof the raging forest fire, along with a recent school photo of the missing Carolyn Whitcomb, sporting a toothless grin. 
Naqui clapped sarcastically. Bravo, Mr. Stipe, bravo. You are finally receiving the headlines youve sought.
The news changed to a preview of the first day of the Senate hearings on the Iran hostages, headed by Senator Oliver LaRoche. Todays star witness would be Kerry Rutherford, the U.S. Director of National Intelligence. The news just kept getting better and better.
I hope that son of a bitch doesnt sell us out. He wants out, you know, Stipe tried to shift focus.
He would never do that.
How can you be so sure?
Because unlike yourself, he is a patriot. And he knows Operation Anesthesia has done Gods work in keeping this country safe. Anesthesia is like his child, and he will protect it like his child. Now tell me exactly what happened last night.
Cant we do this inquisition after I get the shot? He pointed to the syringe he had already set up on the edge of the desk, locked and loaded.
Naqui took the syringe into his hands. Nowell do it now.
Stipe pulled a gun. Either I get that shot or you get this shot right between your eyes. Your call, Doc.
Naqui held the glass syringe loosely in his hand, so the pain remover would crash to the ground if a bullet struck him.
Go ahead, Stipe, lose-lose propositions have become your M.O. Just remember, three strikes and you will be out.
Stipe lowered the gun. Naqui knew he so badly needed the pain medication that he couldnt think of anything else. They were tipped off, Stipe began what Naqui knew would be a laundry list of lies and excuses.
Who would tip off this unsuspecting family? And even if they were, how come you still couldnt take them down? You are a trained soldier.
I believe they are working with Calvin Rose.
Naquis throat tightened. Calvin Rose?
Still seated in Naquis high-backed, leather chair, Stipe tossed some photos on the desk.
The photos are from Monday, shot from a security camera at a Bank of America in New Canaan. We believe the man on the motorcycle is Calvin Rose, and the girl is Carolyn Whitcomb.
Naquis fists clenched as he studied the photos. Go on.
Calvin Rose also meets the description of the man wanted in a breaking-and-entering at the Whitcombs home this past Sunday. But I was able to snag these before the authorities arrived last night. He tossed a zip-lock bag onto Naquis desk. It was full of human teeth and bone fragments. They want us to think they are the remains of Carolyn Whitcomb or her friend Billy Harper. But my instincts tell me they belong to Calvin Rose, which means he will no longer be a problem.
Operation Anesthesia possessed the only dental records on Calvin Rose, so they could easily match them, if it was him. He didnt exist to the outside world.
Naqui walked to his window and looked out at the ants participating in the maddening morning rush. Many of them would discuss the testimony of todays Iran hearing over dinner or drinks. Little did they know what really happened, and Naqui was in the dark himself. I need to know what the hell happened in Iran. And I need the truth this time.
Stipe put his hands behind his head like he was performing a full-nelson wrestling move on himself. Naqui made it very clear that the sooner he told the true story, the sooner he could get the shot. Stipe grunted a pained sigh, and began.
We just finished our mission outside of Yazd. The Mi-17 was hovering overhead with Jones piloting. The copter was parked about twenty-feet over the desert and the Anesthesia soldiers were climbing the rope to safety. Just another day at the office. I was in charge, making sure everybody boarded. Andr Rose was the most experienced member, so he stood beside me, assisting the evacuation. The helicopters rotors were whipping, sand was flying everywhere, and visibility was minimal.
Naqui stood still, taking in every word, and trying to dissect the truths from the lies. Not an easy chore when it came to Stipe.
Then all hell broke loose, Stipe went on. Andr Rose kicked my gun away. Before I could react, sand filled my eyes and I was blinded. But I did manage to see Bronson Rose shoot me in the shoulder. Then Calvin Rose launched a grenade into the helicopter. The copter began to hover erratically. I knew right away it was going down. 
You mean how you bailed on your men to save your sorry self?
Stipes face contorted, but was in too much pain to fight.
Do you think its a coincidence they were brothers? Naqui asked, even though he knew the answer.
Why dont you get your head out of your curry-smelling ass. Of course it wasnt! There was a major breakdown in security.
Security is your responsibility.
Jones was running the day-to-day at the plantation while I was on assignment. I did a full audit of the situation and found major gaps in listening devices, especially in moments when the Rose children were alone with their mother. They obviously found the listening devices and were playing Jones for a fool. I have addressed the problem.
Stop trying to deflect the blame. Do you think that all three of the Rose children on that mission are in North America and working together?
Stipe pointed at the bag of teeth. I think youll find that Calvin is no longer with us. But yes, I believe Andr Rose and his brother Bronson are.
Naqui threw a fist into the air, showing rare outward emotion. They had to find the other two brothers or Operation Anesthesia would truly be over. You lied to me, you son of a bitch!
Im taking care of the problem. So dont worry your pretty dot-head over it.
Youre taking care of it? Naqui scoffed. Do you at least know where the little girl is? Shes obviously not dead like those around her are trying to make people think.
Stipe powered-up the laptop computer on Naquis desk and angled it so he could see. He typed in numerous passwords and clearance codes at security checkpoints, before a sophisticated map sequence displayed on the screen. Naquis eyes were drawn to the blinking orange-dot that was tracking Carolyn Whitcombs movement. 
One thing your boy Dr. Jordan did well was plant that security chip in her back on her visit. They appear to be on a train headed toward Canada. Stipe boasted, as if he wasnt the one who lost them in the first place. He continued punching keys and the map zoomed to a city level. It was sophisticated, but not their most sophisticated tracking system, which included video and voice tracking. Who would ever have thought they wouldve needed it with a four-year-old girl? Naqui thought with a sad shake of his head.
I guess they think theyll be safe north of the border, Stipe said, his tone actually bold and brassy. The man had moxie, if nothing else.
Just like those cowards who tried to flee from their duty in Vietnam, Naqui spat angrily, his eyes then shot daggers at Stipe. What are you waiting for? You need to bring them in ASAP.
Stipe nodded his head in the direction of his pain medication.
Naqui wanted to withhold it as a punishment, but he needed Stipe at his best to clean up this mess. He applied the needle, and Stipes eyes rolled back in his head with ecstasy. Ah, Doc, I want to smoke a cigarette after that.
He rose to his feet and began to walk away in his cocky strut. Well cuddle next time, he said, flashing his usual smirk. And Ill be sure to give your regards to the Whitcombs.


Chapter 46

Billy and Carolyn arrived at the train station in Montreal, Gare Centrale, just past noon. Billy had never been to Montreal, and the first thing he noticed was how French it was. He thought the English/French ratio might be fifty-fifty, but it was as if theyd arrived in Paris. All the signs were predominantly in French, as was the chatter of the surrounding conversations.
They talk funny, Carolyn observed.
Surrounded by the congestion of travelers in the train station made Billy feel like a sitting duck in a sea of potential sharks.
According to the Fodors guide, there were three sections in Montreal. The historic section, filled with cultural landmarks and cobblestone streets. The modern downtown section featuring a skyline of glass office buildings typical of a major North American city. But they were going to the third sectionthe underground citythirty kilometers of tunnels that networked the citys shopping, dining, and major event areas. 
The underground city took off in the 1960s when the metro subway was built, and expanded over time to become what the travel guide hyped as the biggest underground network in the world. In the harsh Montreal winters, one could theoretically walk downtown, hit all the major shops and restaurants, and never leave the comforts of climate control.
Billy wasnt overly impressed, expecting something space age. It reminded him more of being in the airport than in the lost city of Atlantis.
Carolyn, on the other hand, was a believer. An underground city looks like fun! She beamed as a subway came to a halt. Can we go on the underground train? 
Billy didnt like the idea of being locked in a subway car like a caged animal. If attacked, he preferred to have the option of escaping into the many underground tunnels. 
Carolyn took the no in stride, either too tired to negotiate or wisely picking her battles.
He saw how exhausted she was and couldnt envision having to carry her. He needed her awake and alert. So he tried to keep her mind sharp by teaching French from his dictionary. He was talked into buying the dictionary by the clerk when he purchased his travel guide, and was now glad he did.
Carolyn, do you know what they call the underground city in French?
Her face turned enthusiastic. While she wasnt born with the ability to feel pain, she did inherit a relentless intellectual curiosity.Tell me.
La ville souterraine, he said with his best Pep Le Pew accent. 
La ville souterraine! she shouted back with the accent of a four-year-old with a damaged tongue.
The process continued.
Bonjour, he said. It means hello.
Bonjour, Billy!
They followed the signs to Place Ville-Marie, a cruciform office tower that was on the cover of their travel guide. It was connected by tunnel to their destinationCentre Eaton, the biggest mall in Montreal. Billy saw it as a good place to get strategically lost for a of couple hours while they figured out the all-important second part of the plan. Which was, how the hell were they going to find Bronson Rose? But first things first, they needed new clothing, preferably of the warm and fluffy variety.
He took Carolyn to the GAP for Kids in Zone-5B of the mall. He initially got it mixed up with the Baby GAP, which led to a mini-meltdown, Carolyn insisting she wasnt a baby. Maybe not, but she was definitely tired, and you can only beat the Sandman for so long. It was going to be a long day, and that was the good option.
They settled on a candy-striped, cotton sweater and khakis for the young lady. A pair of sneakers he thought would make good walking shoes, and Beth would be impressed that he also bought her a fall jacket for the October temperatures, which could sink into the high thirties at night. He rounded out the outfit with a very French looking beret. The beret was to help conceal her identity, but it also seemed to make her happy. 
Billy paid with cash. Their funds were limited, so they needed to ration. He would only use the ATM in an emergency. He didnt need to give Operation Anesthesia any help.
He also purchased Carolyn a backpack, a compromise that allowed her to keep her hockey jersey. Her name was embroidered on the back, so putting it in the public garbage didnt seem like a good idea. She kept the jersey in the backpack, but Billy got rid of the rest of the clothing in a garbage can located in the womens bathroom in Zone-4.
But Billy was deflated by the knowledge she had been traveling around with a large name-tag, basically a bulls-eye on her back. How many other mistakes had they made? He couldnt even calculate how far over their heads they were.


Chapter 47

Keeping on the move, they traveled to an upscale mens clothing store in Zone-3. From his brief time in Montreal, Billy had observed that the style was black, black, and more black. So he purchased a pair of black jeans and black turtleneck. He also bought a black leather jacket, black boots, and black knit cap in case they went outside later. When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
He also noticed that everyone in Montreal had a cigarette plastered to their lips. Or a Cuban cigar, since Canada didnt have the same trade restrictions with Cuba as the U.S. So keeping with the when in Rome theory, he stopped at a specialty store and bought a pack of cigarettes. Carolyn settled for a box of candy cigarettes. He needed her at her best, and hoped the sugar might put some pep in her step.
He stashed his old clothes in a mens bathroom in Zone-1, the ground floor. It was now time to seek food. They hadnt eaten since the post-hunting cookout from the night before, which seemed like years ago.
They found a food court in the first zone and chose a glorified hot dog stand called Franx Supreme. It was a perfect matchthey specialized in making hot dogs and Carolyn specialized in eating them. The hot dogs came with a side of poutines, which were Canadas contribution to the quadruple bypass. A heavenly-evil combination of potatoes, cheese, and gravy that was deliciously delicious.
For some reason Billys nervousness subsided. Maybe it was the feeling of safety in numbers that the crowded food court provided. But he knew the feeling couldnt be trusted.
Carolyn dug in to her hot dog like she hadnt eaten in a day. 
You doing better? Billy asked.
I like shopping and eating, I wont deny it.
I think in Montreal they might call it le shopping, he said with a smile. 
He took another glance at Carolyn, now slurping down her lemonade, with ketchup and mustard spread across her cheeks. And suddenly a feeling came over him like a sharp chill on a winter day. It was the overwhelming feeling of responsibility that comes with the knowledge that a young childs life is at your mercy. It was clear his lone mission in this life was to keep Carolyn safe, even if it meant sacrificing his own life.
I like le shopping, but Im still a little sad, she replied. 
Maybe we should have a pity party for you then.
A dab of excitement arose from her grimace. A pity party sounds like fun!
Billys eyes roamed each person in the food court. Any of them, from children to grandparents could have been a plant. Like a nervous habit, he reached into the pocket of his new black jeans. He pulled out the pack of cigarettes and lit up. Everybody else in the food court seemed to be doing itwhen in Rome.
Carolyns face scrunched. Thats icky.
He puffed. I only smoke when I drink, get divorced, or Im running for my life, he rationalized with a forced chuckle.
Carolyns face turned inquisitive. You got divorced?
I think in Montreal they would call it le divorce, he tried to deflect, but there was no way to charm his way out of this one.
My friend Carlys parents got divorced, she said, then had an epiphany. And so did my friend Tori, and my friend Sam, and my friend Chloe, and my  well  a lot of my friends parents got divorced. She was counting them on her fingers, but quickly ran out of digits.
Do you know what divorce is?
When the daddy and the mommy yell at each other a lot and then move into different houses and tell my friends its not their fault. Then she seemed to remember something. They also get lots of gifts.
Something like that.
My mom and dad arent getting divorced, are they?
Of course not, they love you too much.
Carlys parents didnt love her?
Thats not what I meant. Im sure Carlys parents love her very much.
Carolyn was lost in thought, and Billy chose not to interrupt her. It sounded strange to say about a four-year-old, but she was a deep thinker, and it was one of the things he enjoyed most about her. 
Carolyn gathered her thoughts, before pushing on like a mini Mike Wallace, So you got le divorced?
Actually I got kicked-in-the-balls divorced.
Carolyn flashed a perturbed look at his stall tactics.
I guess in Montreal they would answer your question by saying we-we, he continued to filibuster, bad French accent included.
I dont haff to go we-we, silly, I just wanna know if you got divorced. 
Unable to divert a four-year-old working on two hours of sleep, he reluctantly came clean. Yes, Carolyn, I did.
The wheels were still turning. Why?
My wife wanted to paint the chicken with somebody else, I guess.
Why would she do that?
Grown-ups do weird things sometimes.
Grown-ups are silly, she said, before a look of concern overtook her face. Were you sad?
For a long time I was, but then I found a new person to paint the chicken with and my pain started to go away.
Who?
You.
She smiled. Were never getting divorced, Billy.
Stick together, remember?
She held her nose. If you get rid of those icky cigarettes we will.
Billy tossed them onto the tray of ketchup-stained garbage. Deal.
They clinked Styrofoam cups and Carolyn offered him a candy cigarette. They were again a united front, but a united front facing a big problemwhere to even start looking for Bronson Rose? Billy flipped through his travel guide searching for magical answers. 
Where would miracles occur in Montreal? he mumbled to himself. They had to get to him before Operation Anesthesia got them.
Then he saw it. 
He grabbed Carolyns hand and headed out of the food court. He knew where Bronson Rose was looking for his miracle.


Chapter 48

Built on the northwestern slope of Mount Royal, the octagonal dome of St. Josephs Oratory dominated the Montreal skyline. According to Billys guide, the dome that rests on top of the basilica was the second largest in the world after St. Peters in Rome.
With Carolyn by his side, Billy boarded a metro at McGill Station. The route swung to the south, before looping around to the western part of the city, where they got off at the Cte-des-Neiges stop. That left them only a short walking distance from St. Josephs. 
The church was built in the early 20th century by the famed healer, Brother Andre Bessette. While working as the doorkeeper at Notre Dame College in Montreal, Bessette gained national prominence after an epidemic broke out at a nearby college, and he was credited with saving all souls. From that point on, he was hailed as a miracle worker and was inundated with letters requesting his healing powers. At his death in 1937, he still received over eighty thousand letters a year. But what interested Billy most was that Bessette built this oratory as a tribute to St. Joseph, on whom he bestowed all credit for his miracles.
Bronson went to Montreal seeking a miracle.
The main church was massive, featuring striking stained glass windows and a grand altar. Mass wasnt in session, but worshipers mingled throughout the colossal church.
Billy eyed each worshiper as he and Carolyn strolled up the center aisle toward the altar. Billy was on the lookout for a man who had some resemblance to Calvin, guessing that the brothers looked similar, but nobody met the description. He felt like Robert Langdon, the hero from the Da Vinci Code, hunting through ancient churches in search of the Holy Grail. But Langdon was at least armed with a lifetime of knowledge on the subject. All Billy had was a ten-dollar travel guide and an exhausted four-year-old.
Billy continued his when in Rome strategy. He knelt before the altar and performed the sign of the cross. Carolyn followed his lead, thinking it was some sort of game. Billy noticed life-size wooden statues of the twelve apostles behind the altar. He hoped the wise men could help point him in the right direction.
After saying a few I know we havent talked in a while, but I need all the help I can get right now prayers, Billy took Carolyns hand and moved down a stairwell that led to a smaller crypt church. A larger-than-life, white marble statue of St. Joseph stole his eye, but nobody resembling Calvin Roses brother. Dejectedly, they moved on. 
Behind the crypt was a room illuminated by hundreds of candles lit in honor of St. Joseph. The walls were lined with crutches donated by those convinced that they had been cured by Brother Andre. In the shadow of candlelight, Billy spotted what he came for. 
The mans skin tone was lighter, but his facial features were strikingly similar. He wore a long sleeved black shirt, making it impossible to spot any type of tattoo he might have. He wore a necklace, but it hung under his shirt, making it indeterminable if it contained the rose insignia. They would have been easy identification markers, which is likely why he covered them.
The mans eyes were in constant motion, as if he were scouting escape hatches. Billy knew he couldnt afford to spook him. So he grabbed Carolyns hand, calmly walked her to the row of candles, and helped her light one, surprised that the fire didnt make her squeamish after last night. Billy kept one eye on Carolyn, the other on the man he thought was Bronson Rose. 
The man knelt down in front of the rows of candles. He performed a sign of the cross and began to pray, closing his suspicious eyes. Billy took a candle into his hand and knelt beside him. He slowly moved the candle until the flame was burning at the mans earlobe. He held it there for at least ten seconds. Billy had heard of people who enter such an altered state during prayer that they became oblivious to everything around them. But he knew it wasnt the case here. The man didnt even flinchhe couldnt feel pain or temperature. They had found Bronson Rose!
Maybe miracles do happen in Montreal.
Bronson came out of his prayer like a sprinter out of the blocks, his temporary peaceful state had returned to frenzy. He bolted out of the room, exiting a back door of the church. Billy and Carolyn followed, keeping a safe distance. Bronson passed a splendid garden with life-size representations of the fourteen traditional Stations of the Cross. He then walked around to the front of the main church, and like many of the others who made the pilgrimage, Bronson began climbing the three hundred steps that led up to the church from street level. On his knees!
Carolyns eyes widened. That looks like fun!
For Bronson and Carolyn, who felt no pain, the climb was a breeze. For Billy, who had numerous aches and pains he referred to as old football injuries, he found it  painful. 
Upon reaching the top, Bronson re-entered the church. Carolyn wanted to do it again, but Billy sold her on a new adventure. In this one, she had to be as quiet as she could as they followed Bronson into the area inside the church where Bessettes tomb was on display. But just as fast as Bronson entered, he left through a side entrance. This time Bronson descended the stairs by foot and headed up the blacktopped paths of Mount Royal. 
Billy and Carolyn cautiously trailed Bronson to the top of the peak, which was only about seven hundred feet above sea level, but gave the illusion that they were standing atop Everest, looking down on the skyline of Montreal. 
Billy examined Bronson from a distance, noticing that his hands shook continuously. His eyes danced from side to side. Whatever miracle he sought, he surely hadnt found it yet. He was not at peace.
Billy had his own problems. He was not in what he would call game shape and his lungs burned as he followed Bronson through the steep paths of the mountain. Carolyn was able to maintain Billys tempered pace, her backpack bouncing lightly on her back. But he could tell her batteries needed to be recharged. On top of that, nightfall was beginning to descend upon Montreal, increasing their degree of difficulty.
When Bronson reached the bottom, he picked up a bus at Cte-des-Neiges. Billys heart sankthey had to catch that bus. He started running, but suddenly recognized that Carolyn no longer was by his side. He looked back to find her standing like a statueshe was out of gas. He ran back to her and hoisted her over his shoulder. He then ran at the bus like a torpedo, shouting, Wait! 
The bus did wait, but the desperate plea gave away any anonymity. All eyes were on them, including Bronsons. Billy pulled down his knit cap, Carolyn following suit with her beret. Not knowing how to work the transfer made them stand out even more. A French accent shouted from the back of the bus, Stupid American! 
Billy escorted Carolyn to the back of the bus, fighting off any urge to make eye contact with Bronson as they passed by him. Operating from the rear, Billy could observe Bronson undetected. Unless he had eyes in the back of his head, and Billy wasnt ruling anything out at this point.
Bronsons body language was of a trapped rat. His leg tapped like an electric hammer and his dilated pupils were a festival of nervous energy. When the bus reached the Sherbrooke Avenue stop, Bronson made his move. He waited until just before the bus started to move and made a dash for the door. A tactic that would expose anybody following him.
Like amateur hour, Billy and Carolyn got up and followed. Bronson looked back and locked eyes. Busted. The minute Bronson hit the pavement he was in full sprint. 
Billy hoisted Carolyn and pursued. His lungs wheezed in the cold night air, but he could still call on some of the skills that once made him a top-flight athlete, and was able to close some ground. Waitwe just want to talk to you! he yelled in desperation.
Bronson never looked back, running fearlessly with sprinter speed, eventually descending a stairwell into an underground metro station at Guy-Concordia. Billy picked up the pace, but was losing ground. 
Billy gripped Carolyn tightly as he barreled down the stairs. He searched frantically, fearing that theyd lost their last hope. But then he spotted Bronson straight ahead, as did most of the people at the Guy-Concordia stop. He was the only person sprinting like Usain Bolt, and heading for a waiting subway car. 
Billy ran as fast as he could, pushing through the bustling crowds. Having Carolyn draped over his shoulder was slowing him down, but he refused to let it stop him. They just beat the closing doors of the subway and stood out of breath in the back of the car. He eyed Bronsonlengthwise down the carwho returned the glare. It was like a showdown in the Wild West. Nobody movedthey were trapped. 
When they arrived at the Pie-IX station, Bronson pushed his way through the crowd and out of the car. He was on the move again. Billy chugged after him, Carolyn bouncing on his shoulder as he ran up the stairwell and out of the subway station. His shoulder achedthe one operated on in collegebut compared to the steps of the church, it was a piece of cake. 
The chase continued. They passed a concrete eyesore called Olympic Stadium that was built for the 1976 Olympics. Bronson ran like he was seeking his own version of a gold medal. But Billy noticed a change in his body language. It was as if he was no longer running from them, but instead, was running toward something as he veered left onto Hochelaga.
About a mile north on Hochelaga, Bronson disappeared into a dark, one-story building.
Moments later, Billy and Carolyn arrived, huffing and puffing. Billy read the sign, and couldnt help but to laugh. He set Carolyn down and said, I think youre home, princess.
The place was called Les Princesses.


Chapter 49

The helicopter floated over a vast, sepulchral lake. Nothing but the dark water could be seen in any direction. Then it suddenly began to descendfastdown  down  down. 
Beth could move her head, but that was all. She was strapped, paralyzed, in a space-age looking wheelchair. While she couldnt move, she was cognizant of her surroundings. She tried to scream numerous times, but nothing came out. It reminded her of a medical documentary shed watched about patients who awoke during surgery. The effects of their anesthesia had worn off and they were in mind-boggling pain, but unable to scream out. The cruelest of nightmares. And one that Beth was now living.
The sun was setting behind them, beautiful orange streaks filling the darkening skies. The doctorthe one who had paralyzed both her and Chucktold them they were traveling to heaven, and should relax and enjoy the trip. She visualized heaven in numerous forms over the years, but in no scenario was a fiery helicopter crash involved. But strangely, if she were dead, it would be the most normal thing to happen to her in a while.
The journey began that morning when an FBI agent named Hasenfus came to their home. He accused her and Chuck of faking the fire at the cabin. They had a prepared answer for that accusation, but what the FBI agent said next knocked her out of orbit. He claimed they had wrongly trusted Billy Harper, a man with a violent past, who was working with Operation Anesthesia to deliver Carolyn to them for a price. Hasenfus alleged to have learned this because Calvin Rose, an escapee from Operation Anesthesia, was working undercover for the FBI to take them down. But Calvin double-crossed the FBI, and ended up helping Billy seize Carolyn for Operation Anesthesia, and then committed suicide before the Feds could get to him. Hasenfus explained that those attacking them by boat were actually members of an FBI Task Force, who were trying to save Carolyn from Billy and Calvin.
To further his point, the FBI agent showed them disturbing pictures of a woman, Kelly Harper, whose face was badly beaten by her husband, Billy. By the guilty look on Chucks face, Beth knew hed kept this news from her. Hasenfus theorized that Billy planned to deliver Carolyn to either Bronson or Andr Rose, and pushed her to give up Billys location so that they could save Carolyn.
Beth had made a pact with Chuck to not reveal that information under any circumstance, but now everything had changed. Billy could be dangerous, and he was in possession of Carolyn. Beth was about to scream Montreal! at the top of her lungs, when she remembered where shed seen Hasenfus before. It had been bugging her since he showed up unannounced at the barn. He was the security man from Jordan Plantation. She didnt know the exact purpose of his charade, but one look into his beady eyes told her that he was up to no good. 
I think you should wear sunblock, Mr. Stipe, to protect you from the ubee rays, she said, blowing his cover. Carolyns instincts were correct once again.
She didnt have much time to gloat over her discovery. She and Chuck were gagged, blindfolded, and stuffed into the back of a black sedan like a stereotypical scene from a mafia movie. When the blindfolds were released, Beth recognized that they were at Teterboro Airport in New Jersey, a place shed flown out of on numerous occasions as a young girl on the Boulanger private jet. It was the airport of choice for many of the wealthy in the New York area.
They were transported onto a Lear jet. Chuck struggled with the shackles on his hands and ankles, but Beth didnt fight. Her thoughts were solely on her daughter, and her intuition told her that fighting these monsters wasnt going to help Carolyns cause. She would do whatever it took to protect her, even if that meant sacrificing her own life.
Hasenfus accompanied them onto the plane with two other burly goons, posing as FBI agents. They used the names Regan and Poindexter, which Beth recognized as players from the Iran Contra scandal, and there seemed to be some inside joke behind it. They sat on the tarmac for about half an hour before a Pakistani man boarded. He had salt and pepper hair and carried a black leather doctors bag. He removed a long needle from the bag and injected both Beth and Chuck. They were instantly paralyzed.
Looks like my works done hereIm going to pick up Carolyn. Expect her arrival by morning, the arrogant Hasenfus said as he limped off the plane. A few minutes later, after taking Beth and Chucks vitals, the Pakistani also left.
Regan and Poindexter remained, along with the pilot. They flew to an open field in God-knows-where, and she and Chuck were transferred to this helicopter.
Just when it looked like they were about to crash into the lake, and they would need a miracle of Captain Sully proportions, land appeared. The helicopter found a clearing in the middle of a thick forest and touched down on the ground.
Regan and Poindexter ushered them off the helicopter. Beth had no idea where they were, but it looked familiar. The air was more humid than in Connecticut, although the lake provided a nice breeze. Mosquitoes gouged her skin, but she could do nothing about it.
Welcome to Fantasy Island. Mr. Roarke will be with you shortly, Regan announced, or maybe it was Poindexter, Beth wasnt sure which was which. She assumed he was kidding, but nothing was outside the limits of possibility these days.
Then suddenly standing before them, flashing his charming smile, was not Mr. Roarke or his diminutive partner, Tattoo.
It was Dr. Samuel Jordan.


Chapter 50

Beth now understood where they were. The helicopter had brought them for a return visit to Jordan Plantation. But she got the idea that this trip would be less hospitable.
Jordan eagerly told the story of Operation Anesthesia like he was a peppy host of a late night infomercial. He boasted that the plantation had been the headquarters of Operation Anesthesia for the last twenty-plus years, and for the most part he confirmed the gist of what Calvin had told them at the cabin. He forgot to mention any of this on their first visit.
Beth was struck by how arrogant it was to have brought them here as invited guests just weeks ago. Like a dress rehearsal. But when Jordan mentioned that Kerry Rutherford, the head of U.S. intelligence, was involved, she realized the conspiracy went all the way to the top. She felt her little remaining will evaporating into the muggy air.
Jordan took advantage of an audience that had no other choice but to sit and take in his every word. It sure wasnt a childrens story, even if children were the main characters. He saved the most accolades for himself, asserting that when Anesthesia first began, it appeared to be one of those ideas that looked better on paper. The affliction was rare, so the pool of potential recruits wasnt large. And the ones who were available, often had already mutilated themselves to the point of rendering them useless, or they were afflicted by fevers and overheating caused by CIPA. The overheating, especially since much of their work would be done in the heat of the desert, was a huge hurdle to overcome, but once again Jordans medical brilliance saved the day, coming up with a solution to cool the systems of the soldiers.
But Jordan understood that success wasnt going to be determined by those who already had the genetic disorder. There was just too few of them out there. Success would come from breeding. He compared himself to Henry Ford, understanding that the key to the production of automobiles was not the automobile itself, but the assembly line to mass-produce them. It was a genetic disorder that needed both parents to pass it on. The focus turned to the parents, and like the automobile, Operation Anesthesia took off.
Beth now understood why she and Chuck were hereto breed more CIPA children! They werent just after Carolyn.
They traveled to the manor house, Jordan leading the way, practically skipping across the vast lawn as Regan and Poindexter followed, pushing Beth and Chuck.
And let me assure you that you have nothing to fear. Carolyn will be arriving safely tomorrow without a hair harmed on her pretty head, Jordan said.
Beth made desperate eye contact with Chuck. She knew just the mention of Carolyns name shot lightning through him. He struggled hopelessly, but his body remained cement. Beth so badly wanted to soothe his frustrations.
The manor house looked similar to their first visit, but felt different. Jordan stopped and turned to them.
You are here because of the extraordinary gifts you and your daughter possess. I did not choose for you to be here, you were called by a much higher power. The world is in a constant revolution of evolution, and whether you know it or not, you are revolutionaries.
If Beth could have rolled her eyes, she would have. She settled for boring a hole through him with her steely gaze, but he appeared oblivious.
I know change can be unsettling, but like I tell the children, we will soon turn those frowns upside down. And how could we not? An idyllic landscape, no bills, no debt, and none of the mindless pressures of everyday life. You will live in luxury and watch Carolyn, along with your other children, grow happily in a utopian worldno crime, no hate, no racism, no poverty. 
For some strange reason, Beth wasnt feeling that thankful. Her frown remained upright and sturdy.
Some would contend that living here would cost you your freedom of choice, Jordan continued. But thats a fallacy. You are modern day royalty and will be treated like such. Royalty is not a choice, nor is it free.
They moved down the stairs into the musty English basement. Regan and Poindexter carried the wheelchairs down the steps, and Jordan actually apologized for the 18th-century mansion not being wheelchair accessible. 
The next stop was a wine cellar that Jordan had showed them on their initial visit. There, they boarded a service elevator. On their original tour, Jordan told an inquiring Carolyn that the elevator went to the boiler room. She negotiated to take a ride on it, convinced that Jordan must be Willy Wonka since he had an elevator in his house, and the elevator really would lead to a chocolate factory. But Beth now knew it didnt lead to a chocolate factory or a boiler room, but something more sinister. Carolyn must have figured that out, at least in a general sense, which was why her mood suddenly spiraled during dinner. Beth cursed herself for not listening to her angel.
The trip down was dark and musty, the temperature dropping sharply. It was hard for Beth to tell how far it went down, but it was at least a few hundred feet. They exited into a well-lit tunnel. It appeared to be one of many tunnels that branched out like octopus arms. They were met by two men dressed in fatigues, carrying semi-automatic rifles. Some utopian environment, Beth angrily mused.
Jordan made small talk with the armed guards, listening intently to them as if they were patients at Jordan Childrens Hospital. After introducing his muted guests, Jordan strutted proudly down one of the tunnels, Beth and Chuck forced to follow. They soon arrived in a futuristic looking laboratory, filled with computers, test tubes, and glass beakers.
Welcome to Operation Anesthesias research facilities, Jordan beamed. He directed their attention to what looked like a fertilization clinic full of frozen embryos, and added, As you can see, we have the top facilities in the world here. 
Jordan spoke proudly of their successes in research and development. But Beth cut through the doctor-speakhe was talking about breeding humans. Jordan was especially proud of a type of in-vitro fertilization where one specific sperm was attached to the egg, allowing the sex of the child to be pre-determined, along with features like eye and hair color. He claimed that theyd been performing this method for years, though it is considered to be a new breakthrough in the outside world. He also claimed to have been responsible for scientific advances that allow the human sperm to live longer, widening the opportunity for conception.
Please dont be alarmed, he cautioned with a smile, acting like he was reading their paralyzed faces. We believe in creating life in the old-fashioned way. So you can expect to quite enjoy yourself during your stay. Your new children will not be created in a beaker or a test tube. In my youth, I worked at a farm that trained thoroughbredsa stud farm, if you willand I found that the health and happiness of the stallion and mare is key to the whole environment. So much of this is psychologicalI learn that every day from the children I work with.
Beth felt sick. Please Godhelp Carolyn, she prayed.
Chuck, I know youre a big sports fan, so Im sure youve heard of Seattle Slew, the great thoroughbred who won the 1977 Triple Crown.
Jordan paused as if waiting for an answer. When he received no response, he continued, What made Seattle Slew a true legend was not winning the Kentucky Derby or the Preakness, it was that he sired over a thousand foals. By studying horses like Seattle Slew, weve made amazing advances in human fertility, especially in regards to libido, and physical capabilities such as diet and exercise, along with learning the importance of stressing personal management and promotion.
The tour continued down another corridor. This tunnel had a different look and feel to it. Gone were the cold, stainless steel research facilities. This hallway was lined with rows of wooden doors, almost like a hotel.
This is the residential section of Jordan Plantation, Jordan again read their paralyzed stares.
Behind one of the doors was a room that looked like the Presidential Suite at the Waldorf. It must have been five hundred square feet with a spacious living room, a luxurious bedroom with a king sized bed, and a marble bathroom. On the bed were two his-and-hers bathrobes. A bottle of champagne was chilling in the wet bar. Jordan described the room as, Having the classic sophistication of 18th-century plantation life mixed with modern luxurious comforts.
This is where Beth will reside, Jordan continued. Chuck, you will stay in what we call our stables, but its really a row of apartments on the other side of the property used to house the stallions. With a sly smile he added, We have found the old saying remains truedistance makes the heart grow fonder. Its just not a Hallmark card, its science.
But dont worry, we encourage families in Operation Anesthesia to spend as much quality time together as possible. And soon Carolyn will arrive, and youll be together again.
Beths heart had turned into a lava lamp, a new piece breaking away at each mention of Carolyns name. She was screaming in her head, but nobody could hear her. If she really were dead, then she had gone to hell and Jordan was Satan himself.
On cue, his grin turned devilish. Chuck has an appointment right now for what we call a Daily Reproductive Report, along with fertility tests and a full physical. But we will bring him right back to you when the tests are done, and by that time the drugs will have worn off. I took the liberty of setting up a romantic dinner to welcome you to your new home. The rest is up to you. 
Chuck was wheeled away, unable to put up a fight. Beth caught his sad gaze. She knew that he felt like a failure for not being able to help her and Carolyn. A tear rolled down her frozen face. He could always comfort her with just a look, but not this time. She wondered, if this place were so great, then why would a man choose to burn himself to death rather than come back? 
The door shut, leaving Beth alone. But she was sure they were watching and listening. She envisioned Jordan and a bunch of creeps looking forward to watching her and Chuck make love like clinical porn, getting their jollies. She felt sick.
The effects of the heavy drugs began to slightly wear off. She still couldnt talk, but now had use of her hands. She wheeled by her bed, noticing a wall chart hanging above the headboard. It read:
A
B
Carolyn
D
E
And so on, all the way to Z. She had no idea what it meant, but just seeing Carolyns name caused another piece of lava to break off her heart. She still couldnt talk, but she screamed out in her mind, Run Carolyn! Run to the light!


Chapter 51

Billy pondered his options, searching for one that didnt involve taking Carolyn inside. But there were none. He couldnt risk Bronson sneaking out a back entrance while they were watching the front. Plus, a man and child staking out a place like this were sure to attract attention. As if going inside wouldnt.
Billy held Carolyns hand as they entered through the front door. He hoped when Carolyn described her Montreal trip to Beth, she would emphasize the visit to the church.
Their path was cut off by a brawny man with a shaved head. The bouncer. He wore a tight black T-shirt that read Multiple Sex Offender across the chest, and looked like an NFL middle linebacker who snacked on human growth hormone. He peered at Billy. Then at Carolyn. And a troubled look came over his bloated face.
He spoke perfect English. Ive seen some sick shit doing this job, but you win first prize, buddy.
Billy pointed at Carolyn. Can you watch the language around the kid?
What she hears in this place is the least of her worries. You do know where you are?
I know how this looks, Billy conceded.
Yet you came anyway. I was hoping that you might be mentally ill, but it turns out youre just a pervert.
Billy nervously fidgeted. His eyes continually left the bouncer as he spoke, distracted by thoughts of Bronson in the next room.
Its a long story. I dont have time to explain, but I need to get in there.
Fine, go ahead before you make a mess in your pants, but the kid stays with me.
That wasnt an optionshe couldnt leave his sight. Everybodys a suspect.
The man crossed his arms across his heaving chest. The answer was a resounding no.
What if she promises to put her hands over her eyes? We wont be here long, I swear. I just have to meet someone.
Your dealer?
I have to get in there, he pleaded.
There are a couple hundred strip joints and fetish clubs in Montreal. Why dont you take your perverted ass to one of them?
Billy had one last option, outside of trying to fight the man who looked like he would enjoy pummeling his perverted ass. He reached into his wallet and scrounged up a hundred and twenty-five American dollars, the last of their traveling money. He slipped it to the bouncer. 
Money talks and pervert walks. The bouncer pocketed the money and said, Just dont come blaming me when shes dancing the pole for drug money one day. He waved them in, a disgusted scowl on his face
Billy instructed Carolyn to put her hands over her eyes until he told her to take them off. She followed his orders.
Les Princesses looked like a sports bar with mounted televisions and colorful beer advertisements littering the wall. But a couple of things were different. First, there werent football or hockey games playing on the television. From the moans and groans alone, Billy knew it was hardcore pornographya typical strip club wouldve been the lesser of the evils. He looked down at Carolyn, her hands still plastered over her eyes. There werent enough hands to cover her ears. God help me, he thought.
The waitresses wore only thongs and platform heels. Billy and Carolyn were seated by a very friendly and very naked French girl; her soft features said she was probably in her late teens. She had jet-black straight hair, and thats where Billy kept his focus. She seated them, and cheerfully spread plastic menus on the table as if they were at the Olive Garden. Your waitress, Angelique, will be with you in a moment, she said in a sweet French accent and strutted away.
Billy viewed his surroundings. The crowd was not the uppity French, leather crowd. It was more the blue-collar, bad mullet crowd, almost straight out of a Steelers bar back in Johnstown. He spotted Bronson sitting at a table across the room. He was so glued to the porn that he wouldnt have noticed Billy and Carolyn if they started doing naked Karaoke on top of their table. 
Their waitress sashayed to their table. While most of the naked waitresses were in the under thirty age demographic, Angelique was older, although, probably not as old as she looked, and gave off the impression shed been livin the hard life a little too hard. Her bad blonde dye job couldnt hide her tar-colored roots, she had a topographical map of lines on her face, and it looked like shed gotten the senior discount on the boob job.
Bonjour, she greeted them.
English, Billy said.
Can I get you something to drink?
Coffee for me, he looked at Carolyn, hands still over her eyes, and milk for her. Do you have strawberry milk?
Chocolate.
Thatll do.
Angelique turned her attention to Carolyn. Well, arent you a cutie.
Im actually a princess, she replied. It was a good thing she couldnt feel pain, because it would be impossible to hold her hands for that long in the same position if she did.
Then you came to the right place, Angelique said and turned her attention to Billy. Is it your daughter?
No, shes a friend.
The woman didnt blink at the strange statement, or even raise an eyebrow at the childs presence. Ill be back for your order in a few momentscan I get you anything in the meantime? she asked casually.
He remembered that he just spent his last money to scar Carolyn for life. Do you a have an ATM machine?
She turned her naked body and jiggled a point toward a far corner. Without taking his eyes off Carolyn, Billy moved to the machine and took out three hundred dollars with Danas ATM card, knowing he just did a big favor for those looking for them. 
When Billy returned to the table, he focused on Bronson. Angelique was also his waitress, and maybe more, because the two of them went off to the bathroom together. Talk about quality service.
Billy thought about followingwhat if hes escaping out a back entrance?but he decided against it. Cornering the Special Ops trained soldier in a small bathroom seemed like a good way to get himself killed.
Suddenly Carolyn blurted out, Okay, Im ready for my surprise. Ready or not, here I come!
She removed her hands from her eyes and stared in wonderment. Wow, I didnt know Les Princesses didnt wear clothes.
Billy tried to cover her eyes with his hands, but the cat was out of the bag, so to speak. He rationalized that if she could witness a man burn himself to death, then how bad could a little nudity be?
Its just their birthday today, so theyre wearing their birthday suits.
I like birthdays.

Bronson came out of the bathroom with Angelique at his side, stealing away Billys attention. By the look on his face, he seemed to like birthdays also. And his preoccupation was working in Billys favor. Bronson hadnt even as much as glanced in Billy and Carolyns direction since they arrived.
When Angelique returned to their table, Billy requested a move to a porn free section of the place, if there was such a thing. She obliged, leading them into a corner room. From there, Billy could still strategically view Bronson, but could shield Carolyn. Angelique replaced the porn on their television with the Canadiens game, which enthralled Carolyn, even if she did mention multiple times that they were sposed to watch it in person.
They ordered food. Just a late night trip to Dennys, Billy tried to convince himself. Pancakes for Carolyn, while Billy got the le CamionneurFrench for The Truckerthat featured three eggs, three meats, French toast and feves au lard. 
As they munched on their food and watched the Canadiens take a one goal lead over the Boston Bruins, both Bronson and the now clothed Angelique got up and left.
Billy immediately picked up an exhausted Carolyn and began to follow, forcing her to leave the remains of her syrup-doused pancakes. That didnt go over well. They passed the scowling bouncer as they shot out the door. Luckily, it was hard to miss the peroxided locks of Angelique in the distance. But not so luckily, Bronson had also spotted them. He grabbed Angeliques hand and began to run, practically dragging her in her towering platform heels. 
Calvin sent us! Billy yelled in desperation.
But they couldnt hear him. Angelique used her assets to flag a cab and they sped south on Hochelaga. And just like that, they were gone.


Chapter 52

Billy figured he could spend the upcoming days scouting out St. Josephs Oratory and Les Princesses. But he knew it would be futile. Bronson would be long gone by the time the sun rose over the St. Lawrence River. And with their own hourglass running out of sand, Billy had to find him, and find him now.
He studied a map in his travel guide. Where would they go? The heavily populated St. Catherines Street was close by, and was the most obvious choice. Or maybe Bronson would return to the Oratory, looking for one final shot at a miracle. Billy doubted that. Bronson was trained to be emotionless in these types of situations. He wouldnt return to any location he suspected hed been followed to.
According to Calvin, Bronson came straight to Montreal not long after they had escaped from Iran, looking for the miracle cure for CIPA. Using that timeline, hed only been in the area a couple months and most likely didnt have any money.
He continued staring at the map, thinking that Bronson must reside near Les Princesses. It wasnt the kind of place you hear aboutits a place you bump into one day. And since Bronson seemed to be spending most of his free time in a church that was on the opposite side of the city, he doubted he heard of it via word of mouth.
Then something gave Billy pause. Just a few streets to the west, running north and south, was St. Josephs Boulevard. Technically, Bronson came to Montreal to look for his miracle, but more specifically, he was making a pilgrimage to St. Josephs Oratory to find it. Billy could visualize Bronson, fresh to the world outside the camp, naively telling a cab driver to bring him to St. Joseph. The driver brought him to St. Joseph Boulevard, instead of the cathedral of the same name, and once there, he set up camp.
Billy knew he was grasping at straws, but its all he had at this point, so he instructed their cab driver to bring them to St. Josephs Boulevard. They exited in a section called Le Plateau. It was an eccentric neighborhood that reminded Billy of Greenwich Village in New York. Even at such a late hour, there was an energy in the air. Street musicians strummed acoustic guitars, while ethnically diverse groups of revelers mingled about, seemingly in no hurry. The preferred form of transportation was bicycles of all makes and models. There were very few cars. It seemed like a place where a guy like Bronson Rose could fade into the eclectic background.
They didnt walk far before hearing a sound Billy recognized. It had been over a month since he was with someoneKaylee Scrogginsbut he knew all too well the sound of loveless sex. It was different, almost like two animals wailing in the wild. Never the soft giggles of people in love. 
He followed the sound toward a duplex apartment building. Under its exterior staircase, he found a shirtless Bronson Rose with his pants around his ankles, and Angelique kneeling before him.
Is she praying? Carolyn asked with a curious look.
Billy wasnt touching that one. And he didnt have time, anyway. In a matter of seconds, Bronson was zipped up and pointing a gun right at them.
What do you want? Bronson screeched. He kept nervously moving the gun back and forth between Billy and Carolyn.
Angelique didnt appear the least bit embarrassed by her somewhat awkward position. She methodically stood and adjusted the little clothing she wore.
I need to talk to you, Billy addressed Bronson.
Youve been following me all day. The church  the bus  Les Princesses.
Calvin sent me. I didnt want to alarm youI just need to talk to you.
He looked older than Calvin. And now seeing him without his shirt, Billy noticed burn marks on his chestthe scars of war. A medallion of a long-stemmed rose hung over his heart as if it were protecting it. He also had the matching rose tattoo. His eyes were old, but had a childish naivet to them. Similar to an Alzheimers patient. 
Bronson focused the gun on Billys dimpled chin. Nobodys bringing me back to the camp, do you hear me? You go back and tell the trainers that!
Im not with the trainers.
I will not fall for your lies. Only the trainers would know about Calvin. His eyes began jitterbugging. Where are the rest of them? You are trying to distract me to allow your squad to execute a raid. I know the tactics as well as you.
Im not with the trainers or Operation Anesthesia. Calvin came to me. He saved Carolynshe has the anesthesia.
Carolyn knew the drill. I cant feel my boo-boos.
Then she wont feel a thing when I shoot her, he said, pointing the gun toward her rosy cheeks. 
She didnt seem fazed by the threat, and asked Bronson, Are you a hunter?
The question frazzled him. Nowhy do you say that?
Then why do you got a gun?
To protect myself from the trainers.
My daddy is a hunter.
He pushed the gun to her temple. Using a foal with anesthesia to lure me is an evil trick, even for the trainers.
Im not with the trainers, Billy repeated.
Please put the gun down, baby, Angelique tried to soothe the situation. Lets go upstairs. These people mean you no harm.
Bronson didnt budge. The gun remained locked on Billy and Carolyn, again alternating the deadly point back and forth between them.
Calvin told us about your pact. The triangle. Only Calvin knew where you were, and only you know where Andr is. And he told us about the tattoo and necklace, Billy beggeda trainer wouldnt know that. And Calvin was taught not to give in to torture if the trainers had found him. He would never have told of their pact. At least thats what Billy was counting on.
Bronson held the gun at Billy for a few more seconds  and then lowered it. 


Chapter 53

Without a word, Bronson climbed up the exterior stairs of the duplex.
They followed.
As soon as the door to the apartment opened, Billy felt sick. Garbage was strewn everywhere. Food was littered over the floor, broken glass from a mirror on the ground, and it smelled like urine. It looked like hurricane footage. Bronson wandered away to the other side of the apartment, seemingly lost in his own world.
Carolyn put her hands over her nose. Icky.
Welcome to the world of a heroin addict, Angelique softly said.
Billy remembered what Dr. Carlson said about the emotional toll CIPA took on those afflicted, leading to fearless lives that were full of reckless sex and drug abuse. The apartment hadnt been broken intoBronson did this himself.
Where did you meet him? Billy asked Angelique. 
He was wandering around St. Josephs Boulevard a couple months back. He talked about getting out and escaping, which I assume meant jail. Im not one to judge, so I tried to help him. But Im worried about him.
Did he mention looking for a miracle, or anything about the anesthesia?
If he keeps doing that shit, she pointed to the railroad tracks on his arm, visible from across the room, then hes going to need a miracle, and that needle is the only anesthesia he knows.
How did he get hooked on it?
Its pretty readily available along St. Josephs, she said, then thought for a second, troubled by something, but there was also something different about Bronson.
How so?
He lives life with a fearlessness Ive never seen before. Like a little child in an adult body who doesnt understand consequences. He engulfs food, sex, and any drug he can get his hands on, like a kid in the candy store. 
How was he able to get an apartment without a job or money?
I rent both apartments in the duplex. I live next door, and Im loaning him this one.
That must not be easy on a waitress salary.
Its a business expense. Before Bronson, I used this apartment to entertain my clients.
He didnt need further explanation. Her business was the oldest profession.
Do you believe these people are really after him? The trainers, Billy asked.
All I know is he overdosed three times in the last month. He refuses to go to the hospital and the only time we could get him there was because he slipped into a coma. He has Hepatitis-C and an infection in his heart. He is killing himself. Im sure these people he believes are chasing him will do less damage than hes doing to himself.
Bronson sat at a modest kitchen table, looking like he might explode. Angelique moved to him and calmly took a seat beside him. She then applied the soothing needle into his arm. He had no idea he was destroying his body, and despite Angeliques caring demeanor, she was an enabler, adding another train track to his arm. Choo-choo.
Billy gave Carolyn a once-over. In the last twenty-four hours shed been involved in a shootout, watched a man burn himself to death, and was separated from her parents. Now she was in an unsanitary apartment witnessing a prostitute inject a heroin addict with a dirty needle. Yet her biggest complaint was she didnt get to attend the Montreal Canadiens hockey game, as promised. Sometimes ignorance is bliss.
The heroin seemed to momentarily focus Bronson enough to address Billy, Calvin would never have given you that information unless he was in trouble. 
Billy remained silent.
What happened to him? Bronson pushed.
Billy looked at the gun lying on the table and didnt want to set him off. Hes  um  hes 
Hes a firefly, Carolyn chimed in.
Bronson immediately deciphered her kid-code, and understood his brothers fate. He mumbled that it was what Anesthesia soldiers were trained to do when there was no way out. He looked like he wanted to cry, but was either too numb or didnt know how.
He began rambling about how they arrived in New York via a cargo ship they stowed away on, and would spend most of their days watching television in department stores, learning about the outside world. Bronson mumbled how he wanted to bring Calvin with him to Montreal, but that Andr didnt think it would be safethey had to split upso he left him in New York to fend for himself. 
Another bad result from a family splitting up, Billy sadly thought.
Angelique hugged Bronson, burying his head into her store-bought balloons. It gave Billy enough time to slide the gun safely away. 
Billy knew he didnt have much time if he was to get the answers he needed, insensitive or not. Where is Andr?
He was going back to get our dam out of the camp.
Where is the camp?
Bronson stood, and then sat. It was like he was on fire and could feel it. He was spastic. I dont knowI cant think.
I need you to try, Bronson. Is he in the United States? Here in Montreal? Where?
He said nothing.
This is really important, Bronson.
I dont know, he whimpered.
Billy moved on. Who is after you?
The trainers.
Who do the trainers work for?
The doctors.
Billy was getting nowherehis mind was mush. 
Bronson began violently picking at his face with a nervous twitch, not feeling a thing. Angelique took his hand and mercifully led him to the bedroom, explaining to Billy, Hes usually better in the morning. He can answer your questions then.

She emerged from the bedroom about an hour later without Bronson. He always talked about Calvin. He worried about him. Your news sent him over the edge. Hell be better in the morning, she tried to assure him, but wasnt very convincing.
Billy sat silently with Carolyn among the sea of garbage.
Anything I can do for you? Angelique asked.
He flashed her a disapproving look.
Not that. I mean are you hungry, or thirsty?
Hed lost his appetite, maybe forever.
I need a bath, Carolyn blurted.
Angelique smiled. It was motherly. Billy could tell shed had children at one time or another. 
The bathroom in my apartment next door is clean. I wouldnt give a rat a bath in this place.
Billy couldnt let her take Carolyn, but agreed that she really could use a bath. Especially since tomorrow could be just as long of a day. But he also had to keep an eye on Bronsonhe couldnt let him get away.
So with gun in hand, Billy moved out onto the exterior stairs in between Angelique and Bronsons apartments like he was on guard-duty. He occasionally checked in on Bronson who had crashed into a deep sleep, his breathing shallow. Billy eventually became convinced he couldnt go anywhere if he wanted to. So he felt safe to go next door, where Angelique was skillfully giving the little girl a bath. They were both giggling.
Carolyn stood naked, except for the bubbles in her wet hair, and waved at him. He waved back, before turning his attention to Angelique. He wondered what had gone wrong. Why, instead of giving comforting baths to children, was she giving more insidious comforts to her junkie neighbor? She fitted Carolyn with a towel and dried her hair. Billy had done his best the last twenty-four hours, but sometimes a little girl needs a female touch.
The thought of returning to Bronsons apartment made Billy queasy. But he couldnt risk him making a getaway when he was better in the morning. So he cleared off a crusty couch, hoping to avoid hypodermic needles, garbage, broken glass, or worse.
He had Carolyn sleep on the couch, while he cleared an area on the floor for himself. Billy didnt like sleeping on sheets in a hotel room, so this would really take some getting used to. He would wake up every fifteen minutes in mid-nightmare and check on Carolyn. She appeared at peace, and the smell of her damp, freshly shampooed hair was the first pleasant aroma he smelled since the fire at the cabin. He renewed his vow to deliver her safely, but knew he would need help, which is why he kept Bronsons handgun at his side.

Morning arrived, as did Angelique. She was a haggard sight, the morning sun having aged her by ten years. Billy decided to let Carolyn remain sleeping for the momentshe could use all the rest she could get. She snored away as he escaped the urine-smell of the apartment, seeking a whiff of fresh air. He stood on the exterior stairs of the duplex and looked out at the many bikers energetically maneuvering through the Plateau on Thursday morning. It was the first calm hed felt in days.
It didnt last long.
He heard Angelique scream.
As he turned, he felt her bump into him, causing him to lose his bearings. She shot down the stairs and dashed into an alleyway, screaming hysterically.
Billys first thought wasCarolyn! He ran back in and saw her standing in the middle of the garbage barge that was masquerading as an apartment, and felt relief. He also saw the door to Bronsons bedroom door open. He ran into the bedroom, tripping over garbage.
Billy knew immediately. Bronsons skin was gaunt and cold to the touch. He checked the pulse, then the breathing. When all hope faded away, he pounded on Bronsons chest and shouted words Carolyn wasnt allowed to say. Bronson was his last hope. He was supposed to be better in the morning.
Billy covered him with a sheet, hoping that wherever he ended up he could finally feel some pain. He then gathered Carolyn and headed back to the train station. 
There were no miracles in Montreal.



Part Three  
No Pain no Gain

Chapter 54
The tapping of Danas heeled leather boot on the floor of the cab didnt make it go any faster. New Canaan cabs were definitely cleaner than New York City cabs, but in city when you say step on it, the accelerator hits the floor and a red light is disregarded. In New Canaan, the driver looks to step on a bug to save their power shopping clientele.
She nervously tapped some more. She had to get to Chuck and Beth to tell them what she learned about Billy. Carolyns life could hang in the balance.
Dana took out her cell phone and dialed Beth againnothing. She hung up and went to her voice mail. A new one from Sam Spiegel, who predictably wanted something in return for the information he provided last night. She erased the message. 
Yesterday an FBI agent named Hasenfus came to her office and accused Billy of working with Operation Anesthesia to kidnap Carolyn. He declared that Calvin was working undercover for the FBI to bring down Billy and Operation Anesthesia, and the attack at the cabin was meant to trap Billy. But Calvin turned his coat back around, and helped Billy to flee with Carolyn, before taking his own life. 
To make his point that Billy was a bad guy, Hasenfus provided pictures of a bloody and beaten Kelly Klein, Billys ex-wife. While the pictures were horrifying, Dana didnt believe Hasenfus. Her record with men wasnt great, but she knew Billy was different.
She would readily admit her initial callback to him wasnt because the plot synopsis of Aint No Senators Daughter was so brilliant or his query letter stood out. It was good, but so were hundreds of others she received that month  despite never selling a book. And its not like she enjoyed reading political thrillers. She was more of a chick lit kinda girl.
But she found herself drawn to the photo he paper-clipped to his brief writing bio. Ruggedly handsome, the dimple on the chin, and eyes that said this man had an interesting story. But when he arrived in her office, everything changed. He still possessed the exterior that made her pick up the phone, but he wasnt what she expected. He was like a beautiful painting that had been lost in the basement and was covered in dust. She wanted to take him home and take care of him like a lost puppy. It was a family trait.
And when they began working together, she found that he was different from any man shed ever come acrossdifferent because he represented hope. Hope that he could inject feeling into her numb heart. She knew it would take a long time for Billy to give away his heart again, but he would, she was sure of it. And just the thought of it gave her courage to think that one day she would be able to open her own heart. Thats why she never told Beth about what shed heard on the radio. A decision she was living to regret.
The bulldozing through magazine-cover-attractive boyfriends, the trying-too-hard to prove shes happy smile, and living her life with the freedom of a butterfly were just defense mechanisms to ensure she never would have her heart broken. No pain ever again. But what she found was that painless meant lifeless. Pain was part of lifeit made you know you were alive.
She knew when she first started to numb the pain. The exact day. The exact moment. She was nine years old and in third grade. They had recently moved from Albany to Greenwich. Her mother had given up her professorship at Siena, but she still remained active in politics, and was speaking at a seminar that day. Her father was supposed to pick her up at school. He never showednot a shock. So her teacher, Mrs. Carney, brought her home. Dana used her latchkey to enter the large mansion. Thats when she saw her father with that woman. She just stared at them for what seemed like hours. She tried to scream but nothing came out. She was paralyzed. 
He was always so attentive to her after that. Daddys little girl. His favorite. Daddy could never say no to Dana. She would always keep their little secret and in exchange she would get anything she wanted, including adopting Beth. But she didnt get everything she wantedwhat she really wanted was to open the heart he closed. She still went to visit him each year on his birthday at the convalescent home. Everybody believed it was out of devotion to her stroke-stricken father, but her real motivation was to see if his mush-mind would be lucid for just a brief moment, so he could see what hed done to her. She hoped Billy would be the one to convince her to stop making those trips.
Thats why what Agent Hasenfus said couldnt be true.
But then she got a call from a mistake from her past named Sam Spiegel, who worked for the Washington Post. She had asked him to look deeper into Billys history after what shed heard on the radio. From Sams initial research, she deduced that LaRoche wanted the incident covered upprosecuting Billy would have connected him to an extra-marital affair he was having with the victim, Kelly Klein, which would have been especially troubling for his political ambitions, since his own wife was back in Pennsylvania dying of cancer. But it didnt answer all of her questions about Billy. She understood that a cheating wife could make a man do crazy things, but she still had trouble picturing the lost puppy turning into a dangerous rottweiler. 
Sam filled in the blanks. Hed continued his investigation beyond her initial inquiry, and using an ex-member of LaRoches security force as his source, he uncovered what really went down that night, including the knowledge that the incident took place in LaRoches house in D.C, which was never mentioned in the articles about the arrest. When Sam finished, she understood why Billy didnt want to talk about it, including the real source of his pain that night, and actually felt sorry for him. 
But then a horrifying thought filled her mind.
She dropped the phone and ran to Billys manuscript. She had memorized the ending, but re-read it twice to be sure. When the dark hero stole the child to fill the hole in his heart. She was convinced Hasenfus was wrong about Billy working with Operation Anesthesia to deliver Carolynbecause Billy wanted Carolyn for himself! It all made sense now.
The cab arrived in front of the barn. All cars were accounted forher BMW, Chucks pickup, and Beths minivanbut nobody answered the door. She used her key to enter, calling out their names. She checked every room, running awkwardly in her heeled, knee-high boots, which she wore with a fashionable beige fall sweater and pencil skirt. She tied her hair into a ponytail, which was the Dana equivalent of rolling up the sleeves, and ran back to the kitchen area. Nobody was home. They had vanished without a trace.
Sitting on the kitchen table was a yellow mailing envelope addressed to Beth. On it was a note from Evelyn, explaining that she came by last night before returning to Florida for the winter, but nobody was home. So she left the package containing items Beverly wanted Beth to have following her death. Only a year late, Dana thought. But it did help her to construct a timeline. If something happened to Beth and Chuck, which was looking pretty likely, it must have happened prior to Evelyn coming by last night. Beth and Chuck rarely went out on nights their daughter wasnt missing, so it would be odd for them not to be there. Dana slipped the package into her oversized handbag.
She moved into Beths office, surprised to see her iPhone lying on the desk between piles of political science textbooks. She never went anywhere without it. Something was very wrong.
Dana pulled out her own phone. They had made a pact at the cabin to only contact each other in the most extreme of emergencies. This would qualify. She doubted Billy would answer, but to her surprise he picked up on the second ring. 
Danais everything okay? Billy sounded alarmed.
Be calm. One mission: get Carolyn to safety.
Chuck and Beth are missing.
What? Missing? He sounded surprised.
Is Carolyn with you?
He hesitated. Of course, where else would she be?
I think we need to meet up.
Its too dangerous.
Im not asking, Billy.
He sounded surprised by her tone. Were about to board a train.
She knew the schedule by heart. Her last semi-serious boyfriend owned a ski lodge in Vermont, and she used to make the trip every weekend by train. She was also familiar with the Albany area, where her family lived before moving to Greenwich. There were two train stations in the areaone in Schenectady, and one in Albany. That would be key to her plan.
Ill meet you in Schenectady. Be sure you get off there.
Maybe its a good idea to put our heads together. Were out of leads, he said, dejection in his voice.
You didnt find Bronson?
We did.
Then whats the problem?
Bronson is dead.
She filled with fear; unable to shake Hasenfus words: Billy Harper is eliminating all threats. I want to speak to Carolyn, she demanded.
We better hang upwe dont know who might be tracking this call.
Put her on the phone!
He relented, and Carolyns voice burst into her ear with Red Bullish energy. She went on a tangent about Les Princesses, le shopping, and some nice woman named Angelique who gave her a bath.
Dana felt momentary relief.
Billys behavior was peculiar for someone on the run. Why give anyone a chance to trace their whereabouts? But then it hit herthis might be a trap to eliminate her. Did Billy do the same to Chuck and Beth? Is that why they were missing? By getting rid of them, Carolyn would be all his. She didnt know, or care, at this point. She just knew she had to get Carolyn away from Billy.
She bolted into Chucks office, heading directly for his collection of hunting rifles. She didnt even need to break the glass partition. A loaded handgun already rested on a table beside the case. Dana realized she wasnt the only one who was being paranoid. She dropped the gun into her handbag, along with Beths iPhone.
Moments later, Danas BMW was speeding toward Schenectady.


Chapter 55

Carolyn had started off Thursday morning with a renewed energy, helped by the bath and a good nights sleep. The death of Bronson didnt seem to faze her. Billy had always marveled how she could grasp concepts far beyond her age, but she still hadnt gotten her arms around what death meant. Maybe she did think of it as a field trip to Sesame Street. It was probably a good thing.
They grabbed breakfast at a local diner, with Carolyn talking a mile-a-minute. Being constantly on edge, combined with lack of sleep, had begun to sap Billys energy, and made Carolyns rapid dialogue sound like the humming of a lawnmower.
Billy scanned every person with intense scrutiny, including their bon-jouring waitress who made the mistake of asking if hed like another glass of orange juice. The bad guys might be looking for them, but he was also looking for the bad guys. 
After breakfast, he took Carolyn to see the Bell Center, the home arena of the Montreal Canadiens hockey team. Carolyn remained disappointed that she didnt get to the game, but like the fickle four-year-old that she was, getting to hang out with a stripper/prostitute/drug dealer named Angelique trumped the hockey game. 
Around lunchtime, he decided to head for the train station, Gare Centrale. There was no reason to stay in Montreal. Their purpose had been to find Bronson Rose so he could lead them to the man with all the answershis brother Andr. But now the link to answers was broken, shattered really.
They were sucking down some greasy poutines in the train station when he got the call from Dana. They were only supposed to use the cell phone in an extreme emergency, so her call raised his eyebrow. Calvin mentioned that Operation Anesthesia could bug anything and anywhere, so he was wary.
Hed also never heard Danas voice like that. It had a certain coldness to it. His first thought was that shed been forced to make the call under duress. His suspicions rocketed when she demanded to know if Carolyn was with him and needed to speak to her to confirm it. But he trusted that Dana would give up her own life before putting Carolyn in harms way. So he agreed to meet her in Schenectady.
Following their quickie lunch, Carolyns mood began to grump-up. Billy wasnt thrilled about adding Dana to his traveling caravan, making them a bigger and more colorful target, but he did see the added advantage of the female touch on Carolyns frazzled emotions, just as it had with Angelique last night.
He purchased two tickets to Penn Station, the last stop on the route. Just because they planned to get off at the approximate halfway pointSchenectadydidnt mean he had to make it any easier for the dragons. 
Whats with you and trainshavent you ever heard of a car? Carolyn complained as they took their seats. The novelty had worn off. 
Its not all bad. Theres no car seats on a train.
She shrugged. Never thought about that.

At Rouses Point, New York, just over the border, was the checkpoint for IDs and passports. They again used their fakes with the names Chad and Abigail Foley. But this time was different. Not only was U.S. border security much stricter than Canadas, but the fire was sure to have been ruled as bogus by now. So chances were that somebody would be looking for a man and child meeting their description.
Billys heart momentarily stopped when they checked him. The border guard stared at his ID for what seemed like hours. As instructed, Carolyn didnt say a word. Even when the border guard smiled at her and asked, Did you like the train ride, Abigail? She stood like a statue, lips pressed together. Billy explained away her behavior by mentioning that Abigail had just awoken from a nap. The guard made an I could use a nap myself comment and passed them through.
At 6:07 p.m. the train pulled in right on time to a stop at Schenectady Amtrak Station. The tracks sat beside a rocky cliff. The sky was turning black, blocking out the colorful beauty of the fall foliage. It was the site where the Mohawks defeated the Mohicans at Kinquariones. Billy wondered if a similar battle would take place here tonight. Part of him wished hed risked trying to bring Bronsons gun with him on the train.
After making sure that Carolyn put her jacket on, he gripped her hand and they stepped off the train into a dimly lit, half-empty parking lot that was surrounded by pine trees. He probably squeezed too tight, but it wasnt like she could feel it. He hoped his all-black Montreal outfit would camouflage him into the background.
He saw the men right away. They were trying to disguise themselves as traveling businessmen, wearing dark suits and carrying briefcases. They looked innocent, but Billy felt the danger. He tried to act nonchalant, but he could feel a lump in his throat when they took a measured step toward him. 
His panicking eyes roamed the parking lot until they landed on Dana. She stood by her BMW at the edge of the parking area, her ringlets of dark hair blowing in the stiff breeze. Could she have brought the men? Logic said, of course, dumbass, this is a setup! But his gut told him that she didnt.
His focus returned to the men in suits. He recognized one of themhe looked different from the others with a long, graying beard. Carolyn did also. She was like a volcano on the verge of eruption, and Billy was forced put his hand over her mouth before she yelled it.
Osama Banana.
It was the obnoxious guy who worked at Jordans plantation, Jones. The one who joked about putting out his cigarette on Carolyn.
When Billy was convinced she understood the importance of remaining quiet, he removed the hand. She was scared. Dragons, she whispered, her voice trembling.
Grab my hand, he said firmly. Once attached, he led her across the parking lot toward Dana, as if unaware of the threat.
The gang glided closer. There were four of them. 
Billy picked up the pace, practically dragging Carolyn like a doll.
Mr. HarperFBIwe have a few questions for you, a voice sprung out from the night.
Billy kept walking, subtly increasing his speed. Carolyn held on for dear life, their hands glued together by fear. Billy got a look at the spokesman. He was the sun-blistered man from Jordans plantation, but he couldnt remember his namehe had something to do with security. Billy didnt have time to figure out any connection between tonight and their visit to the plantation, but was convinced they werent FBI. 
Dragons, Carolyn said again. But then she saw Dana, and her tone turned hopeful, Billy, look, its Aunt Dana!
He didnt look. He was consumed with the pack of wolves headed in their direction.
Mr. Harper, Im Special Agent Hasenfus, we have a few questions about the fire in Lake George. The Whitcombs are worried about your safety, we just want to make sure you are okay.
Bullshit, the Whitcombs were missing. At least thats what Dana had told him.
The other suits expanded their net across the parking lot. The odds were stacked against him, but Billy saw one advantage in his favor, albeit a slight one. He could tell the men werent aware of Danas presence, also confirming that she didnt bring them. And if they didnt know she was there, it was unlikely they followed her. Or had bugged her phone. But how did they know they were getting off at Schenectady? Were they on the train? Billy hadnt noticed them if they were.
The net continued to drag across the parking lot. Billy was out of optionstheir only chance was to split up. He stopped in his tracks, which seemed to surprise their pursuers. He knelt down to Carolyn and looked deep into her hazel eyes. To say they didnt have much time would be an understatement, but this was important. He needed to make sure she was completely clear.
The men stepped closer, illuminated in the dull streetlights. He could hear the rhythmic tapping of their dress shoes on the pavement. Billy kept his attention on Carolyn. What always made him stand out on the gridiron, and had college coaches practically stalking him, was not just his arm or physical attributesa lot of guys had those. It was his ability to slow the world down in pressure situations. Cool as a cucumber. To make pinpoint choices with logic, while others flailed with panic. Coach Blake shot into his mind. For someone who often repulsed Billy, the gruff bastard always seemed to come out of the woodwork at the most important of times. Its do or die, Harper, and dying dont sound like all that much fun, he would bark at him with the game on the line. Nothing in high school sports was do or die  but this was.
The men got closer.
He remained still, continuing to stare deep in her wide ovals. I need you to listen to me, Carolyn.
Closer. 
Her body trembled, but his voice was calm. Did you understand what I just said? 
She nodded, but tears streamed down her face, crisscrossing each other. His heart broke like a spider web of broken glass. 
Closer.
Billy shot the men a momentary glance. Guns were drawn. He made eye contact with Dana and subtly put a finger to his lips to signal her to remain quiet. Carolyn, I need you to run as fast as you can to Aunt Dana. Dont look backrun as fast as you can!
She looked unsure.
Youre a really fast runner, right? Show me how fast you are.
She stood frozen.
Run!
Statue.
The man calling himself Hasenfus was within fifteen feet. Osama Banana backed him up about twenty feet away, armed like he was guarding a wall at Guantanamo. And she picks now, this time, not to listen?
Run, Carolynrun to Aunt Dana!
What about you?
He stole another peek. Ten feet and counting. Im just going to talk to the nice men. I wont be long, just please run to Aunt Dana. He forced a smile it took two tries. Ill bet she has a big surprise for you.
They arent nicetheyre dragons.
Five feet.
Nice wasnt working. You go right now, young lady, if you know whats good for you!
No.
I cant believe youre arguing with me.
He could feel Hasenfus huffing and puffing on the back of his neck.
Stick together, remember?
Carolyn!
Stick together!
Its do or die, Harper.


Chapter 56

In one desperate motion, Billy slung Carolyn over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes and ran as fast as he could. He didnt look back.
The sudden movement caught the speed-limping Hasenfus off guard. He tried to alter his course on the fly, but his wobbly legs failed him. He hit a patch of sand and crashed to the pavement.
FreezeFBI! he yelled. It was all he could do. 
Billy eyed the end zoneDananow behind the wheel and revving the engine. The winning touchdown was in sight. Strike up the band; the Amish Rifle saves the day again!
But out of the corner of his eye, Billy saw Osama Banana pointing his gun at them. His graying hair was tied back in a ponytail, and his beard hung heavily from his chin. He looked uncomfortable in the suit, but then again, Billy had never seen someone with a ponytail look comfortable in a suit. One thing he did look very comfortable doing was holding a gun.
As if in slow motion, Billy watched as he raised his weapon and fired. 
The force of the shot toppled Billy to the asphalt, painfully skinning the flesh off his knee. His left hand hit the pavement, jamming back his wrist, and staining it with gravel-filled scrapes. He desperately tried to hold onto Carolyn, but the force of the shot caused him to lose his grip, and she tumbled to a stop a few feet away. It wouldve been painful for most kids.
It would take more than a gunshot wound to stop him. He rose from the blacktop and ran to her. Her face was full of its usual painless adventure, but just below it he saw the danger. He first checked himself, hoping the blood staining through her sweater was from his wound. He kept desperately checking, before being hit with the cold realizationhe hadnt been hit. What knocked him over was the force of Carolyn being shot. Her sweater was now soaked with blood. His heart sank.
He looked up at Banana, who was ruthlessly preparing to fire again. This time Billy picked up Carolyncupping her with both hands and pulling her to his chest. The patch of red on her sweater continued to grow like a cancer. He ran, knowing that the next shot would have to go directly through his back to get to her. 
If I fall you keep running, he insisted, expecting a bullet to sever his spine any second.
Carolyn said nothing. She was mesmerized by the blood soaking through her sweater, touching it with amused curiosity. But still no signs of pain.
Billy ran and braced at the same time, feeling the gun locked on his backside.
Thats when he heard Hasenfus yell, Hold your fire! Hold your fire! Joneswhat the hell are you doing?
Billy wondered what caused such an odd change of heart. But he didnt have time to ponder it. He barreled into the backseat of the BMWhe and Carolyn crashing onto the leather seatsand they tore out of the parking lot.


Chapter 57

Dana sped out of the train station like she knew where she was going, eventually turning onto an eerily quiet Union Avenue. When it appeared they were out of immediate danger, she twisted her head toward the backseat and shrieked, Is she okay? 
Billy had no good answer. He tore off Carolyns sweater and used it as a towel to sop up the blood until he found flesh. But the second he removed the towel, she was covered in blood again. It felt hopeless, like the fable about the child trying to put fingers in the dam to stop the flood. The blood kept coming. He needed to find the wound on her little body, but she couldnt point him toward the pain. He kept up the process. Wiperedwipered. Panic set in.
But then he found the cool quarterback, and the world slowed down. After a few more desperate wipes, he located the wound in her right armpit. By the looks of things, the bullet exited out the back of her shoulder. No major organs in the armpit, he thought. He hoped. But everything was so close together, especially on such a little girl. He thought of the spine, and made her move all her extremities. So far so good.
But the bleeding continued. He wrapped her sweater under the armpit and then around her shoulder, tourniquet style. He then took her hockey jersey out of her backpack and put it on her. He wanted her to be as warm as possible, to prevent her from going into shock.
How you doing, kiddo? he asked.
Im a little tired.
You lost a lot of blood, like the Dracula joke. It makes you tired.
Does that mean I cant go to school anymore?
No, you are going back to school real soon.
Im gonna haff some good stories to tell.
He hoped.
She tried to sit up. Whoa  dizzy. 
Just put your head down for a few minutes and youll be fine.
He hoped.
We have to get her to a hospital, Dana exclaimed, continuing to speed into the dark night.
We cant take her to a hospital. Those people can get to her anywhere.
Dana was momentarily silent, and Billy didnt like the vibe he got. He examined her closely. She looked like Danasweater, boots, and flowing hair, right off the cover of some womens magazine hyping hot new fall fashions! She certainly smelled like Danaexpensive and European. But there was something different about her. It was her stillness. As long as hed known her, shed been in constant motion. He didnt know what to make of it.
Maybe we can take her to one of those doctors who work for the mafia or drug dealers, who do it under the table, she said.
Sure, lets go find a Yellow Pages and look up Drug Dealer Doctors.
I was just thinking out loud. Flesh wound or not, shes lost a lot of blood. She could have an infection or internal damage.
Watching Greys Anatomy doesnt make you a doctor.
We have to get her to a hospital.
Its against my better judgment.
Better judgment than what? You almost got her killed back there!
She sounded more like Beth than Dana.
Can I go to a childrens hospital and not a regular hospital? Carolyn chimed in, but her tone was weakening.
But just when it seemed she might drift off, she found a second wind. With unexpected vigor, she struggled to reach her healthy arm around to her back. She eventually maneuvered her hand under the hockey jersey. Billy wasnt sure what she was doing, but something was bothering her. Strange, since she was normally immune to most stimuli.
Are you okay? Billy asked.
I cant reach.
Then he asked a stupid question. Does it hurt? Your back?
No, silly, it itches.
You can feel itches? he asked, surprised.
Werent you listening to Dr. Jordan?
I guess not.
I can feel tickles too, just not feel my boo-boos.
He gave her a light tickle on her belly, hoping to cut the tension. She smiled slightly. She seemed to be stabilizing. 
Billy helped her lift the baggy jersey over her head. He examined the sweater bandage wrapped around her shoulder and underarm area. It was splotched with blood, but not drenched. The bleeding had subsided.
Billy turned her around and found the spot she couldnt reach. He noticed a dark object just under the surface of her skin.
What is it? Dana asked impatiently from the front seat.
He examined closer. I dont know. It looks like it might be a big tick.
Carolyn freaked. We better get it out before I get the lime!
Hold still, he steadied her, while Dana handed him a nail-file from her handbag. He began to dig into the flesh of her back. This might hur  uh  forget it.
After a minute or so, he was able to dig the object out of her back. It wasnt a tick. It was a roundish metallic object. It had a logo on it; two letter Ss protruding vertically like two snakes. He remembered it from the ID badges at the hospital.
What is it? Dana asked again.
Billy was a writer, not one of those private detectives who always can find bugs under a phone or in the walls. But for some odd reason he was sure it was a tracking device.
Do you know what this is? he asked Carolyn, holding it in front of her face.
She looked at it. No.
Do you know where you got it?
Yes.
The answer surprised him. As did the next one.
Dr. Jordan put it in my back.
Dr. Jordan? Did he say why he put it in your back?
She shook her head, before succumbing again to dizziness.
Billys mind explodedthe puzzle pieces falling into place. Operation Anesthesia had used the device to track them to the train station in Schenectady. They didnt follow Dana, nor were they on his train. It was also why they let them go. Why make a big scene when they can just pick them up at the next stop?
And it all went back to Jordan. Both menthe security guy posing as a FBI agent and Osama Bananaworked for him. And hes the one who put the tracking device in her back. Carolyn was right, dragons were at the plantation. Billy now understood that the key to stopping Operation Anesthesia, and getting Chuck and Beth back, was no longer Andr Rose. It was Dr. Samuel Jordan.
Billy laid out his theory to Dana, who remained cold and unimpressed. And you are some kind of James Bond? she said, then abruptly pulled over to the side of the road and shut off the engine, Get out of the carI need to talk to you.
They stepped out. Dana brought her large handbag with her, which confused him.
Whats your problem? Billy began, annoyed.
My problem?
We just might have gotten the break we need and all youre giving me is attitude.
Chuck and Beth are missing.
You told me. Do you know what happened?
You tell me.
Something was wrong. This wasnt Dana before him.
How would I know what happened? We were running for our lives, if you remember. In Montreal!
The guy who was chasing you came by my office yesterday. Said his name was Hasenfus. There is no record of a Hasenfus working at the FBI.
Thats because he was full of shit. I saw him and the Osama Bin Laden-looking guy at Jordans plantation in Virginia. Jordan has something to do with this. Why else would he be putting devices in her back? I think theyre all in on itthey all work for Operation Anesthesia.
He said you were the one who worked for Operation Anesthesia.
Billys face twisted in convulsions. He wasnt expecting that one.
He tried to convince me you were working with Calvin Rose. Told me about your violent past and showed me those photos of Kelly after you used her face as a punching bag. Its one thing to hear someone talking about it on the radio, its another to see it firsthand. He said you were going to deliver Carolyn to Operation Anesthesia.
And you believe that?
Dana pulled a gun from her handbag and pointed it at him. No, I dont think you planned to give Carolyn to Operation Anesthesia, or anyone else. You want Carolyn for yourself.
Surprise filled his facethe pop out of the cake naked kind. What are you talking about? Im trying to save Carolyn.
Or save yourself. I know the whole ugly truth from that night in D.C. I know why you did what you did. I know both reasons.
He stood stunned. The past had risen from the dead like a character in a horror flick.
Dana began to cry. Part of me understands your pain. I cant even imagine what you went through. But you cant use Carolyn to fill the hole in your heart.
He attempted to step toward her. Thats crazy, Dana.
The gun trembled in her hand. But her steely eyes left no doubt she would use it if need be. Give me your train tickets and my ATM card.
He patted his black jeans and shrugged. I put them in Carolyns backpack in the car.
Not believing him, she patted him down like she was NYPD, finding only empty pockets. She wiped the tears from her eyes, and said, I guess this is goodbye, Billy.
He tried to say something, but his mouth felt paralyzed.
She ran to the car and sped away.
Carolyn looked out the back window and gave an unsure wave.
As he watched the BMW drive away, a thought hit him over the head like an anvil.
No, Dana, come back! he yelled, but the car was too far gone.
He just remembered that he had put the tracking device in Carolyns backpack.


Chapter 58

Billy found a taxi at a gas station about a half a mile up the street. Luckily, Dana didnt check his sock, where hed hidden what was left of the money he took out of the ATM at Les Princesses. He was able to bribe the off-duty driver into giving him a lift.
But to where?
Then it hit him. Dana asked for his train tickets. Was she going to jump it at the next station? The thinking being, the bad guys (him included) would be looking for a BMW. But because of the tracking device, they werent. He had to get to her.
Whats the nearest Amtrak stop? he asked the driver.
Albany/Rensselaer.
How far is it?
Twenty miles or so.
Go there. And step on it!
The man looked for a bug to squash.
No, go really fast.

The facility was a modern, multi-level station of eighty thousand square feet that rested just over the Rensselaer Bridge. The polar opposite of the small, dated station in Schenectady. 
He had the driver leave him at the front entrance and offered the rest of his money to stay and wait. Billy dashed toward the glass entrance, but before he reached the station, something caught his eye. It was Danas BMW parked up on the curb about twenty feet from them. Abandoned. Police were looking at it, but were they real police? At least he now knew her whereabouts. But was he too late?
He sprinted into a spacious open area, with travelers scampering past him in all directions. The station was filled with shops, cafs, and even a post office. It was more like an upscale mall than a typical train station. Billy hurried to an information booth. It was surrounded by photos of the ribbon cutting grand opening, filled with grandstanding New York politicians mugging for the photos. The woman behind the glass partition sent him to a set of modern display monitors that provided up-to-the-minute updates on arrivals and departures.
The amount of train lines was overwhelming. Albany/Rensselaer was the hub for the region, a rare area where you could actually travel by train in all four directions. A quarter of a million travelers came through the station each year, making it easy to get lost. A good choice by Dana, regardless whether it was by design or shear luck.
He found the Adirondack line for Amtrak. Delayed, it read, due to mechanical issues. By mechanical, he was hoping they didnt mean suspicious shooting. The screen then changed right before his eyes. Arrived. His heart plummeted. He turned and headed for the train platform.
Two escalators were running to the upper platform, separated by steep stairs in the middle. He ran up the stairs. His lungs burned and his legs molded into jelly. He remembered running the metal bleachers at his high school with Coach yelling, Come on, Harperno pain, no gain!
But when he reached visual distance of the train platform, his heart crashed to the ground. He saw the blistered Hasenfus, along with Osama Banana and a couple other henchmen, getting on the train. They strategically got into different train cars, spreading out like a noose they were going to tie around Carolyn and Danas necks. Billy ran faster.
But just as he arrived at the platform, the train pulled away, vanishing from sight.
Security intercepted him. Not a rent-a-copsecurity was taken much more serious at train stations post London bombingsthese guys were military. In Billys suspicious mind, he wondered if they were connected to the plot.
Stop that train! he yelled like a mad man.
Do you have a ticket, sir? asked one of the fatigues-wearing soldiers.
Noplease stop the train, he begged.
Sorry, sir, youre too late. Please consult the ticket office about the next train.
He walked lifelessly to the platform and fell to his knees. Then something strange occurreda tear plopped to his cheek. He wasnt sure what it was at firstit had been so long since he last cried. The ice must thaw before turning to liquid form. Oh my Godno! he cried out.
He felt a tap on the shoulder, and instinctively looked.
The toothless grin of Carolyn Whitcomb was staring back at him. Dont cry, Billy, the sun will come out tomorrow.
Confused, he swiveled his neck and saw Dana.
I found the chip in her backpack when I was looking for the train tickets. I thought about what you said, and then I saw those 
Dragons, Carolyn completed the sentence.
So I got on the train and dropped the chip in the bathroom to create a diversion. Theyre probably staking it out as we speak. She gave me a moment to compute what she just told me, before adding, Theyre stuck on there until the next stop, which is Hudson. It will buy us a little time, but we better get out of here.
Billy didnt know how to react. He looked at the still-smiling Carolyn, who began physically wiping the tears from his face. He smiled back at her and said, What is with you and trains. Havent you ever heard of a car?
She giggled softly. No car seats on a train.
I didnt think about that.
More giggling.
He then turned parental. Hows your shoulder?
It was still wrapped heavily, bulging the fabric of her hockey jersey. Wearing a jersey with her name on it was the equivalent of hanging a sign around her neck that screamed Missing Kid! but it was still a better option than her bloodstained sweater and coat.
It hurts really bad, she said, the sly grin slipping from her mouth. Only kidding, Billy!
He was grinning like a fool. You really had me going there.
Carolyns face then turned stony, and she admonished, I thought you said wed stick together. Remember?
Billy nodded. Youre right. Is there any way I can make it up to you?
Satisfied, her smile returned. Ice cream would be a good start.
Billys gaze roamed to Dana, locking eye contact. The icy aura had melted away. She appeared to be the Dana he had come to know, only less motion. What made you change your mind about me?
I didnt change my mind about you, Billy. I just remembered my mother telling me that I should always keep hope alive. 


Chapter 59

They left the train platform and went directly to the parking lot. Billy had never noticed a security camera in his entire life, but now he took note of each and every one, and what angle they were being shot from.
Carolyn continued to be unfazed by the chaotic whirlwind she was the center of. She went on and on to Dana about her trip to Montreal. She put special emphasis on her new friend, Angelique. And thanks to Billy, she had picked up a certain habit during her excursion north of the border. She now prefaced all verbs with lele walking, le eating, le sleeping. Like most habits of a four-year-old, it started off adorable, downgraded to cute, before spiraling to teeth-gnashing annoying.
The driver was waiting for them, just as he and Billy had agreed. It turned out he was a transplanted French Canadian named Martinpronounced Mar-teenwho had been a minor league hockey player, and like Chuck, had made his final stop in Albany, which he made his home after he retired.
This was a much welcomed conversation pieceparticularly for Carolynand created a brief diversion from their murky reality. He brought them back toward the airportbeing sure to state loudly that they planned to fly back to Connecticut first thing in the morningand they found a fleabag motel within walking distance. Dana stayed with Carolyn, while Billy ventured to a local drugstore, and purchased bandages, gauze, and antiseptic for Carolyns wound, along with a map of the area. He knew hed likely be caught on security cameras, but they really had no choice.
Dana took Carolyn into the bathroom and put the clean bandages on her gunshot wound. She remained concerned about infection, still convinced they should get her to a hospital. But Billy knew that would be more lethal than her wound. She also had one of her fevers, and they were unsure if they needed to treat it differently because of her loss of blood. This was uncharted terrain. 
Carolyn didnt have the same level of concern. She declared that she was hungry and wanted Chinee food. Her wish was granted forty minutes later when their food arrived from a local takeout joint they found in the Yellow Pages. The unknowing delivery boy was met with an interrogation worthy of the CIA, before they finally accepted the food. Carolyn ate gracefully with her chopsticks, once again morphing into an adult before their eyes, and then just as quickly turning back into a helpless four-year-old.
Sleep would not come easy, as besides the stress of their current predicament, it seemed like an airplane took off every ten minutes, shaking the walls of their room. But Carolyn was in dire need of rest, so after their stomachs were full of greasy food, Dana tucked her in for the night. Billy noticed how she was clinging to Dana. He was rightshe needed the female companionship.
Billy sat at a small desk beside the bed, lit only by dull light from a desk lamp. Dana returned and they were alone for the first time since shed pulled the gun on him. It had the potential for awkwardness, but Dana immediately cleared things up, Listen, there was just so much coming at me at one time, and when I learned about what happened in D.C. and your motivation behind it, it made the ending of your manuscript seem such a real possibility. My head ran with the idea. I freaked.
You mean my fictional manuscript?
Like I saidI freaked out. Im sorry.
You were just worried about Carolyn. Thats all any of us are doing.
Do you want to talk about it? Dana offered.
Whats done is done.
I mean about what happened in D.C. I understand why you did what you did, and I might have done the same thing if I were in your situation. I know the truth, or at least the important parts, so whats the harm in talking about it?
He shook his head.
She nodded that she understood. Well, if you ever do, Im here.
Do you want to talk about what that keep hope alive stuff means?
No.
He smiled ruefully. Then I guess all we have to talk about is this fine mess we find ourselves in.
In the short time hed known her, Billy had never seen Dana looking so vulnerable. He put his arm around her. They had developed intimacy force fields over the years, so the moment felt unnatural. 
We have to be strong for Carolyn, he said.
And Beth and Chuck, she added, her eyes filling with despair.
Were going to find them, I promise.
And how do you plan to do that? she asked with a skeptical look.
We have the element of surprise on our side. They dont know that we know about Jordan, just like they didnt know about Calvin at the cabin. They have been the aggressors this whole time, using fear to keep us on our toes. But now, we are going to give them a taste of their own medicine, and make a surprise visit to Dr. Jordans office. I have a feeling when we threaten to expose him, he will be willing to hand Chuck and Beth over.
He hoped. 
We cant give Carolyn up under any circumstances, she replied, her face still full of doubt. 
He nodded. It was understood. Nor could they go to the police. Were up against some heavy duty artillery here. It seems like they can get to us anywhere and anytime. According to Calvin, they were behind the situation in Iran. For all we know, the government might be involved. Who knows how far and wide this thing reaches.
Albany is the last place they expect us right now. Scared people run, she said, sounding more like Jack Bauer than Dana Boulanger. But theyll eventually figure it out, and we better be gone when they do.
Billy took a long look at her. Without her facade of motion, he was able to get a clear look at her for the first time. He always knew she was attractive, but never noticed how really beautiful she was. Something twanged inside him. He knew he was a long way from ever being able to give his heart away, but for the first time in a long time he felt a twinge of hope that one day he could. Keep hope alive.
Tell me everything leading up to Chuck and Beth disappearing, he said.
Dana again recounted the Hasenfus visit to her office, including the pictures of Kelly. She paused, as if giving him the opportunity to defend the photos, but he refused to deny hitting Kelly, or talk about it at all. Dana then detailed her trip to the barn, finding Beths iPhone and a package from Evelyn, but no Chuck or Beth. 
Dana handed the package to Billy. Why didnt you open it?
It was intended for Beth. Why would I open it?
What if Evelyn saw something, but she was afraid? Maybe she left a clue for you camouflaged as a package.
Dana shrugged. Knock yourself out. But if its a cow sweater, youre the one whos going to be wearing it.
He tore the package open, the ripping sound being drowned out by a loud plane taking off overhead. Contents spilled out on the table. A handwritten letter lay on top. 
Dana grabbed the letter and said, Thats my moms writing. 
She began to read.


Chapter 60

My beloved Beth,

As I write this you are six years old. First gradewowand how smart you are. I know we will not be able to keep the truth from you forever. And thats what worries me. The truth could be very harmful to you, and I never want to see that big gap-toothed smile wiped off your face. Or your fearlessness, or wonderment, or even your unbreakable will (stubbornness I admit, but you see, I am very biased when it comes to you.)

You have been with us for two years now and it has become quite obvious that your mother, father, and brother will not be able to return to your life. I pray every day that they willnot that I dont selfishly want to hold you close to me forever, quite the opposite, but there are days when a girl really needs her mother. They were so proud of youyou have to trust me on that one. Its important that you know this.

So let me get to what happened. Im stalling, I know! If you are reading this, Beth, then I am no longer in this world. My hope is that I am around long enough to tell you in person when you are old enough. You see, I was diagnosed with a little heart thing today. It was nothing really, but it made me think to write you this letter just in case Im not around. It is important that you are prepared for the danger that lurks out there.

You were not abandoned, Beth, as youve been led to believe. Your mother gave you to me because you were in danger, and she would do anything to protect you. I am not even completely sure why, but people are after your family. Your mother was a student of mine at Siena who I grew close toalways my downfall as a professor and then post-grad she became my assistant. We worked together up until I left my position to move here to Greenwich. And I take it as a great honor that she would entrust me with the most precious thing in her life. I will include some of the correspondence between your mother and me, so that you know for sure, and have proof of how much she loved you. The only person who knows, besides your parents and myself, is your new grandmother, Beverly. Not Tom, not Dana or your new brothers, not anyone.

On Christmas Day almost two years ago, your mother had come to New York to meet with a doctor about your brothers condition. Many strange events were occurring and she had become suspicious that people were after them. So she asked me if I would take care of you if anything happened. I saw the fear in her eyes, and I had known Carol Ann to be honest to a fault, so I didnt hesitate. I wanted to keep it as quiet as possible, but I had to exchange some publicity in regards to the Abandoned Child story in order to make your story believable, including to Tom. I held my breath that the local media coverage wouldnt spread the story beyond our little place of the earth and blow your cover. Your parents were the most honorable people I know. Giving you up was a sacrifice of great unselfishness, not the other way around. They would never abandon you.

As I write this letter, I am watching you run around our living room. Your smile is lighting up the room, as it always does. I promised you that we would go to the park as soon as I am done with this letter. You are growing quite impatient. Your sister Dana just arrived home from high school cheerleading practice and you should see the big hug she gave you. You are so lucky to have each other. As we are so lucky to have been blessed with youour angel! You have come into my life at a time when I have been forced to give up my loveteachingand Im questioning my choice in marriage. I hope you are old enough to understand such concepts when you read this, and that you and Dana find someone who will love you for who you are, unconditionally. I had become numb, wandering through life not wanting to wake up the fates. But when you came into my life, my heart burned again, and suddenly felt the bittersweet combination of love and pain that makes up this crazy thing called life. On that note, I will now end this letter and take you and Dana to the park. My girls, may you stay safe forever!

Love always,
Mrs. B

Dana exploded into tears. Billy tried to comfort her, but it was obvious she needed to be alone with her mangled emotions, so he let her be. Beth was sent to meet Mrs. B, just as Joe Skaggs had told him on the train, but it had nothing to do with selling her on the black market. Billy studied the other materials that accompanied the letter, picking up a family photo that doubled as a Christmas card. Seasons Greetings from The Penningtons, it read. Steve, Carol Ann, Nathan and Beth. Her real name was Beth Pennington.
It was impossible not to see the resemblances. Carol Ann, Beths mother, was a carbon copy of the grown-up Beth. The short strawberry blonde hair, freckled nose, and stern look. The father, Steve Pennington, was a sturdy man who stood beside his family like the protector. The young Beth in the photo was an eerie clone of Carolyn, her fairer hair the only difference. As he viewed the photo, Billy thought his mind was doing tricks on him. 
His eyes then focused on a young boy, probably eight or nine years old. Half his face was severely burned, while the other half was unscathed. He remembered Beth telling him that the other children cruelly called him E.T., after the popular movie of the time about an alien. Billy knew what was wrong with the boy. And he wasnt an alien.
Billy sifted through the numerous photos and correspondences. He was intrigued by the level of paranoia in Carol Anns writings. Government conspiracies, something was wrong, didnt trust the doctors, etc. In one letter she mentioned a Dr. Dash Naqui, who she planned to meet on that infamous Christmas Day. Mrs. B had hidden the correspondences all these years, so presumably nobody was aware of Naqui to check him out. Billy wrote down the name in his reporter notebook.
Billy was sure it was all connected. He was convinced that Beths brother, Nathan, had CIPA. Beth didnt have it, but was a carrier. Operation Anesthesia was not newCalvin was maybe sixteen, and told them he was born at the Anesthesia camp. So it was very plausible that the government conspiracy Carol Ann talked of in her letters, was to kidnap Nathan, just like they were now trying to capture Carolyn. 
But that was just the start of the questionswhat happened to the rest of the Penningtons? Was Nathan captured, or was he hidden at a safe-house like Beth? As far as he knew, Debi Edelstein was the last person to see the family together, when she witnessed them put their four-year-old daughter on a train and send her like a Christmas gift to Mrs. B.
As Billy shoved the contents back into the envelope, he noticed Carol Ann Penningtons return address written on the upper corner of one of the envelopes shed sent to Mrs. B. It was 1154 East Lyndon Street in Schenectady. The place where this story began over twenty years ago. 


Chapter 61

TGIFThank God its Friday.
Thats what Billy remembered his co-workers at Kleins Beer mindlessly humming around the cubicled office on Fridays. They didnt thank their chosen holy savior for the gift of life or eternal salvation. They thanked God for two measly days off before they returned back on Monday.
But as Billy reviewed his week, he believed its end was worthy of praising a deity. It all began last Sunday when an intruder was spotted at the Whitcomb house, and concluded on Thursday night with Carolyn getting shot. And what happened in-between was still hard to grasp. So yes, Billy agreed. Thank God it was Friday. 
Morning came, but the sun never rose. The skies were fall-bleak and looked like it could snow at any moment, even though it was only October. They ate leftover Chinee for breakfast, and then Billy and Dana went through the ritual of checking Carolyns wounds. To the best of their medical knowledge, which wasnt much, they looked okay.
Dana wanted to hightail it to North Carolina to speak with Jordan, but they needed to figure out a way to get there without being exposed. They were right next to the airport, but Billy knew that was fools gold. Going through airport security would be like putting out a welcome mat for Operation Anesthesia. So to buy time, they would travel to the past.
Their only choice was to call a cab, remembering the name Tech Valley Cabs from last night. They were suspicious when the same driver as last night showed up. But Martin calmed their nerves, at least briefly, when he informed them that he was the owner of Tech Valley Cabs, and happened to be their only driver. Using the Calvin Rose philosophy, Billy knew that if Martin worked for Operation Anesthesia, they would already be killed or captured.
Their first stop was Siena College, located in Loudonville, about twenty minutes northeast of Albany. It was also a common denominator of all involved. Mrs. B was a professor there. Beths mother, Carol Ann, was Mrs. Bs student, and later her teacher assistant. Beth, herself, attended as a student. The irony was that she chose to attend school at Siena because of Mrs. Bs influence, but had no idea her own mother had also attended school there. 
Martin remained in the car as they entered the campus of the small Franciscan college. By this point, it was understood he would wait for themDana had brought enough money with her to keep him on retainer for a couple of months. They walked across the campus, which was overflowing with immense trees and colored leaves. It appeared to be a typical New England university with classic brick buildings, ivy, and quads that surrounded a large, gold-domed building called Siena Hall. The smell of autumn filled the early morning air. Early-bird students were chatting freely as they hurried to class, holding piles of textbooks under their arms. 
Its what Billy believed university life should be about. Not a community living vicariously through football players who were pretending to be students. It still hit him hard when he thought of the death threats he received when he quit to work on his academics. Death threats because a college student wanted to study more.
But that didnt mean he didnt love college. He did. It was a time of feeling alive. He recently heard a song on the radio that celebrated the idea of living like you are dying, in other words, live each day to the fullest because it might be your last. He didnt find that philosophy very enticing, and it actually sounded pretty depressing. But college was different. It was a time when he lived life like he was never going to die. Living in the moment, convinced he was indestructible. Thats what Billy thought of when he thought of college, and still believed it was the best way to live life. 
Problem was, right now it felt like death was around every corner. 
Another problem was that very few people currently at Siena had any remembrance of Mrs. B or Carol Ann Pennington, so their return to college came up empty. The only real accomplishment during their visit was adding to Carolyns growing college sweatshirt collection, purchasing one with Sienas colors of green and gold. She badly needed a change of clothinga forest-fire-smelling, personalized hockey jersey just wasnt the best choice of apparel if they wanted to remain under the radar. Carolyn spent most of the visit negotiating to run around the campus, apparently unaffected by her gunshot wound, but they werent letting her out of their sight for even a second.
With the trip to the past turning out to be another crack in the rear-view mirror, they began looking toward their cloudy future. Dana was able to use her flirting skills to get them into the computer library on campus, where they were able to log onto the Internet without fear of being traced. They researched potential transportation to North Carolina, without much success. Billy also Googled the name of the doctor Carol Ann mentioned in her lettersDash Naqui. The findings showed Naqui to be quite accomplished, a leading expert in neurological disorders. Billy remembered what Bronson had said when Billy asked him who the trainers work for.
The doctors.
Billy knew they were getting low on time, so Dr. Naqui would have to take a number. The first doctor they needed to meet with was Dr. Jordan. Then just before he clicked off the net, a thought came to him.
It was based on something Martin mentioned on the way over, while discussing the nuisances of the different cities in the Albany area. He said it was a hard place to fit in as a newcomer like himself, because its one of those places that people live from birth to death. And even when they leave, they always return, he added.
Could it be that simple, Billy mumbled as he typed the names of Steve and Carol Ann Pennington into a search. Could they have returned to the area?
He found the names of three Steve Penningtons in the Albany/Schenectady area. Against Danas wishes, Billy thought they needed to check them out before heading out of town, no matter how much of a long-shot it was. The first Steve Pennington lived right near Siena, but was a middle-aged black mana dead end. The second Steve Pennington lived in an apartment near the capital in Albany, but was a college-age student at University of Albany-SUNY, ruling him out.
Martin then drove them to the final possibility. It was a broken down two-story house on Rockland Drive in Schenectady. The paint was peeling and shutters were missing. As Martin waited, Billy led Dana and Carolyn up the chipped cement stoop and knocked. A middle-aged woman with an out-of-style perm answered.
Billys mind became one of those crime-solving computers that projected aging. Carol Ann? he asked.
The woman made a strange face. Im sorry, nobody by that name lives here.
Just as the woman began to shut the door, Dana exclaimed, We are looking for Steve Pennington. Does he live here?
The door re-opened, and they were reluctantly invited in. But they soon found out that this Steve Pennington was a ninety-two year old man suffering from numerous ailments, and the woman was his caretaker. Another dead end. 
When they exited, things went from bad to worse. Their ride was gone. Martin had left a note on the curb. It rambled vaguely about a family emergency that forced him to leave immediately. Billy was suspicioussomething had spooked him. Dana must have had the same thought because she was reaching in her purse for the gun. Billy prepared for an ambush similar to the one at the cabin, but none came.
Stuck without a vehicle, Billy pulled out the envelope with the last-known address of Carol Ann and Steven Pennington. According to their map, it was only a couple of blocks away from Rockland Drive. Billys instincts tugged at him to go there. He wasnt sure whythe Penningtons hadnt lived there in over twenty years. But it wasnt like they had a better plan at the moment. 
A fifteen-minute walk landed them in the driveway of 1154 East Lyndon Street. The neighborhood was a suburban sprawl that gave off the hopeful vibe of the American dream. It contrasted with the bleakness of the neighborhood they just left, even though only blocks separated them. 
Billy wasnt sure what he hoped to find. Maybe he would run into some ghosts who could fill in his blanks. Or perhaps he had watched too many crime dramas where they always returned to the scene of the crime.
Nobody appeared to be home at the modest, split-level colonial. He wondered how many others had occupied it since the Penningtons abandoned it all those years ago. He peered into the two-car garage and spotted a motorcycle. Billy had a brief daydream of smashing the garage window and taking the bike to North Carolina. Not a very likely scenario with three people, including a child. The heavily advertised security system was another obstacle.
He lifted Carolyn onto his shoulders so she could look through the garage window. An excited look came over her. I like motorcycles!
We know, Dana said with a motherly sarcasm.
At another dead end, without any transportation, and running out of time, they took a seat on the curb in front of the house. Okay, now what?
Options were dwindling.
Thats when a middle-aged, power-walking couple appeared in matching sweat suits and sneakers so white they must have been right out of the box. The woman had long brown hair that was secured in a ponytail, while the mans blond comb-over was struggling in its battle against the wind. 
The couple approached them, and the man spoke in a suspicious neighborhood-watch tone. I saw you looking into the Garcias house. Are they expecting you?
Billy and Dana were too tired to even look up. So Carolyn did the honors. She excitedly exclaimed, They got a motorcycle!
The woman stared at Carolyn, and the color drained from her face. When she regained some sense of composure, she uttered in a shaken voice, Beth?


Chapter 62

Beth awoke Friday morning to the smell of freshly cut flowers. It was her second day in captivity, although this version of captivity sure had a different twistshe couldnt remember reading about satin sheets in Vietnam prison camps. 
She remained in her room all day during her first full day on the plantation, with nobody coming to see her. They were treating her like a grounded child, patiently waiting her out until she complied. She thought of the last time she and Chuck had to go that route with Carolyn. But Carolyns stubbornness eventually wore them down. She planned on doing the same with Operation Anesthesia. It must be a family trait, she thought.
A knock rattled the door. Beth walked to the remnants of the artist formally known as the china dish, which was still lying on the floor. She had thrown last nights dinner against the wall, refusing to eat. It was part rebellion, but she also believed they might use the food to drug her again. She picked up the most-jagged piece she could find. 
Beth moved to the door, ready to strike with the broken dish. She pulled the door open, surprised at what she saw. A plump, middle-aged black woman with metallic silver hair. Everybodys grandmother with a disarming smilethe opposite of what she expected. She lowered her weapon.
The woman continued to smile at Beth. Im Miss Rose. I heard you had moved in and I just wanted to be neighborly.
Beth was confused. Before her was the woman who prepared their meal when they were last at Jordan Plantation. She remembered how she made Carolyn smile. 
Did you sleep well? Miss Rose asked.
Beth said nothing, remaining stone-faced.
You look tired, dear, I know how stressful the first couple of days in a new place can be.
Beth wasnt sure what to make of the woman. Was she one of them, or a prisoner like her?
I dont get it, Beth finally spoke, I saw you in the dining room.
Im retired, but my job working as Dr. Jordans personal cook keeps me busy. Most of my children have grown.
How many children did they force you to have? Beth asked with hostility.
I have fifteen on the grounds, Miss Rose remained cheerfully on message.
What do they do with the ones who dont have CIPAfeed them to the dogs?
I think you have it all wrong, dear. This is a place of benevolence. For those children who dont meet the criteria, they find good homes on the outside. Dr. Jordan has set up an organization through his childrens hospital.
The lucky ones, Beth thought. You call taking your children away from you, benevolence? I call it kidnapping!
From what they told me, you were adopted yourself. And look how well you turned out.
Beth realized her aggressive tactic, while natural, wasnt going to get her to Carolyn any quicker. She remembered Mrs. Bs pet phrase about attracting more flies with honey than vinegar. Her hunger/talking/sex strike, combined with breaking all the good china, was a strategy drenched in vinegar.
Miss Rose smiled radiantly. Why dont we go for a walk, dear? 
No time like the present for Beths new strategy of compliance. She tossed on the light sweater and jeans that her captors had left out for herjust her sizeand followed Miss Rose, who waddled ahead in a floral print dress.
They moved down the underground tunnels, passing numerous other residents. Miss Rose cheerily introduced Beth to a few of them. Beth expected the vacant looks of slaves, or hypnotic, proud-cult-member smiles, but they seemed like typical people trudging through the daily commute of life. Beth continued her new strategy, pleasantly responding with warm hellos. It was like the first day at a new school.
They arrived at an elevator, which they rode upward. It was a different one from the first night, but this one wasnt headed to a chocolate factory, either. Their destination was an octagonal gazebo somewhere on the extensive plantation grounds. It was surrounded by exquisite gardens and featured a panoramic view of the lake. Miss Rose grabbed Beths hand and helped her down the steps of the gazebo into a beautiful sunken garden. According to Miss Rose, it was the creation of someone called Lady Amrich who married the son of Quincy Jordan at the turn of the 19th century. 
After leaving the garden area, they entered a path that trailed through a thick, wooded area, eventually arriving in a meadow-like clearing. It looked to Beth like a typical park in New Canaan, as she focused on a group of young mothers pushing their children in baby carriages. Some fathers were flying kites with toddler-aged children, and others kicked around a soccer ball in the open field. Older women sat on a bench and chatted, while lovers held hands all under a sun-filled October sky.
Welcome to Creepyville, she thought.
Beth didnt notice any armed guards or disciplinary beatingsalthough, she was sure the security was hidden and ready to pounce. But they didnt need to, because they had a much bigger weapon to keep the residents in linethe children. No parent was going to have any motivation to leave their children, and the more they had, the more roots they grew at the plantation. Beth had once read that most slaves didnt find the violent beatings or public humiliation to be the most feared punishments on a plantation. Being sold away from their families was the cruelest.
This is our recreational area, Miss Rose beamed. We like to call it our little slice of utopia. 
It was pretty obvious that Miss Rose had swallowed the whole batch of the Jordan Kool-Aid. Beth tried to bite her tongue, but unlike her daughter, she wasnt immune from pain, and could only hold it for so long, There is no such thing! Communism was supposed to be the breeding ground for a utopian society. But all that ever developed was a society that couldnt think for itself, run by murderous dictators!
Miss Rose remained unflappable. I didnt mean to imply were any different than any other society. We raise our families, watch our children grow, make friends, go to church 
Except one big differenceyoure enslaved.
My great-great grandfather arrived to America on a slave ship and remained in slavery until he was freed after the Civil War. And then he was enslaved by a society that considered people of color to be no different than your average mule. I can assure you this is nothing like slavery.
Beth reigned in her anger and climbed back on the honey wagon. But dont you miss your freedom? she asked as pleasantly as she could muster.
My husband and I were a mixed-race couple. We had our lives disturbed, and often threatened, by simple-minded people who didnt accept our relationship. On top of that, Jacque was a struggling jazz musician, so we rarely had money. We had trouble making sure our son, Andr, got proper food and nourishment. Freedom? Ill take this life any day of the week and twice Sunday.
Miss Rose escorted Beth into a diminutive wooden structure near the park that she referred to as the Plantation Store. It reminded Beth of a typical New England country store. Miss Rose purchased spices for that nights masterpiece from a happy cashier. Beth was offered a freshly baked cinnamon roll and an ice tea, but she politely declined, concerned about being drugged. 
The next stop was the stone-built kitchen that Beth remembered from her previous visit, but that day it was unoccupied, just like the rest of the place. Theyre so proud of their little operation that they hide away all the residents when company comes over! Jordan had mentioned that the kitchen had burned down over ten times since the plantations inception. After Miss Rose dropped off her spices, and made a couple of preparations for that nights dinner, they returned underground to their apartments. 
Miss Roses apartment was three doors down and across the hall from Beths room. It looked similar, but had a homier feel, compared to the hotel sterility of Beths room. It was full of framed photographs of her many children. 
Miss Rose appeared tiredshe was no spring chicken, nor in top physical shapeand plopped onto her bed, wiping perspiration from her brow. Beth found Miss Rose to be an odd duck, but didnt doubt her love for her children. She was a victim, just like she was. Just because she accepted the abuse didnt lessen this fact.
Beths eyes scanned the room, before landing on a similar chart as the one over her own bed. Except it was filled in. Beth now realized it was some sort of trophy to the number of CIPA children she sired. They were in alphabetical order starting with Aas if to keep the theme of order.
Andr
Bronson
Calvin
Deirdre
Eddy 
And so on, until it reached eighteen. The obvious ones caught Beths eye. She saw an opening and took it, Calvin is no longer here on the plantation, is he?
Miss Rose looked shocked by the statement, and her voice shook, Why do you say that? 
Because I met Calvin. He gave me this, she displayed the necklace with the medallion of the red rose. Now she understood that Rose was his surname. He tried to help Carolyn stay away from this utopia, as you call it. He must have forgotten how great this place is, or maybe he forgot to wash his brain that day.
Miss Roses face changed, night-and-day different. She put her finger to her mouth to indicate quiet, and mouthed silently, Theyre listening.
She reached under the back of her dress. Beth wasnt sure what she was doingshe seemed like she was struggling to scratch an itch in a hard-to-reach spot. Beth was about to offer help, when Miss Roses arm reappeared, revealing a small chip. For some reason Beth knew right away that it was a listening device. 
They made intense eye contact, mother to mother. Beth suddenly realized they had similar thoughts on freedom. Miss Rose was also doing the honey over vinegar thing. 
Beth nodded her head to indicate she understood.
Is he okay? Miss Rose mouthed.
I dont know. Beth lied, not having the heart to tell her, her eyes shifting away. She forced a smile, but could tell Miss Rose saw right through it. She certainly didnt have the same acting skills as Miss Rose.
How did they escape? Beth whispered.
Miss Rose returned the chip back into her back and smiled. The smile said everything. She helped them escape.
Intermission was over and the play resumed. Beth thanked her for a lovely day and made plans to attend church with her on Saturday night. Then Miss Rose left to cook a meal for Dr. Jordan. 
Perhaps she would cook up some flies and honey.


Chapter 63

Dr. Jordan always liked to be home the first few days after a new recruit moved in, as sometimes unexpected problems occurred that needed to be nipped in the bud. Taking a child or parents from the outside world and implanting them in the culture of Operation Anesthesia was similar to transplanting an organ, and a certain amount of rejection was likely to occur. But Jordan was always able to carefully massage their transition and they eventually accepted their new life. 
But Andr, Bronson, and Calvin Rose didnt accept it. And at first glance, the Whitcombs appeared to have as much fight as anyone who arrived at the plantation. And not just of the physical variety. They exhibited a rare mental toughness that Jordan had witnessed in certain childhood cancer patients who willed themselves to live years beyond any timeline doctors had placed on them. But he was confident that they would break the Whitcombs, just like all that have come before themit might just take a little longer.
Jordan blamed Stipe for the debacle with the Rose brothers. Over time, Stipes arrogance had led to a sharp decline in the plantations security. His personal involvement dwindled and became too reliant on technology, especially the lethal fence surrounding the property. Stipe pointed to historical success as validation. But Jordan knew that past achievement never guaranteed future success, and he wasnt going to let Stipes indiscretions taint his brilliance. 
After Miss Rose finished serving him another splendid meal, he retreated to his office to personally review the security video and audiotapes. His mother always ingrained in him that if you want to do something right, you must do it yourself. His target of focus was Miss Rose, whom he was sure contributed to the escape of her children. A big part of him hoped he was wrongsomeone who could cook a rack of lamb like that was not easily replaced. 
Jordan focused on her interaction with his new recruit, Beth Whitcomb. It wasnt a coincidence that hed instructed Miss Rose to take the lead in welcoming her. Beth was predictably feisty in the beginning, but then suddenly turned agreeable. Jordan was suspicious of such a quick acceptance. It usually took months to achieve such a metamorphosis, and with Beths iron will he expected even longer. Another detail Stipe would have missed.
When they returned to Miss Roses apartment, he hit pay dirt. Beths mere mention of Calvin made Rose drop her guard, and in essence, her charade. His suspicions were confirmed.
Jordan congratulated himself for being right  again. Although, he also felt saddened by Miss Roses betrayal. He had worked closely with her for so many years that he thought of her as family. But he had learned from experience that it is usually those closest to you who can hurt you the most. 
He would take care of this problem in the correct mannerhe would take care of it himself.


Chapter 64

The woman continued to stare at Carolyn like shed seen a ghost. 
The man spoke for his frazzled wife, Im Ken Kiely and this is my wife Barbara. Weve lived here for thirty-five years and your daughter looks a lot like a little girl who used to live in this house.
My name is Dana Boulanger, and while Id love to take credit for her, shes not my daughter. Carolyn is actually my niecethe daughter of my adopted sister, Beth. She took the name Beth Boulanger until she married, and then became Beth Whitcomb. But I learned recently that her birth name was Beth Pennington.
Oh my God, Barbara stuttered in amazement, unable to take her eyes off of Carolyn. She looks exactly like her mother did.
Thats what they tell me, Carolyn added with a shrug.
Would you like to come over to our home for some lunch? Ken asked, understanding that this visit was no coincidence.
I could really go for some mac-cheese, Carolyn said.
Barbara turned misty. Your mother used to always say the same thing when shed come over. My granddaughter, Claudia, will be arriving soon. Shes about your age and likes macaroni and cheese also.
Can I meet her?
You sure can, and my son, Richard, would also be very interested in seeing you. You see, Richard and Nathan Pennington were best friends.
Minutes later, they were standing in the kitchen of the Kielys split-level colonial. The interior looked brand new, which Ken explained was the result of a recent renovation. Barbara finally got the color back in her face as she began to boil water for the macaroni.
Dana walked to a sign that read, Welcome to Ken and Barbies Kitchen. Ken and BarbieI like that. Arent you the sickening cute couple.
The Ken and Barbie reference triggered Carolyn, Aunt Dana, I need to give my Barbies a bath. Maybe we should go home so I can do that?
She definitely was homesick.
In a few days, Carolyn, we will.
She sighed. I just cant get a break.

They moved into the living room. A local news program was playing in the background on a fifty-inch, high definition shrine that anchored the room. Dana wandered toward photos hanging on the wall. Is this your son? she asked, pointing to a pale, blond man around thirty with a milk-stained mustache. He was with a young girl with wild blonde hair, who appeared to be about Carolyns age. 
Thats my Richard and his daughter, Claudia. They live in Troy, about a half hour from here, Barbara said proudly. Her tone then turned sour when she mentioned that Richard was raising Claudia alone after her mother ran off to California with another man.
Billy had seen that play before, but he didnt have time to bond in misery. He needed answers fast. You said Richard and Nathan Pennington were friends?
Barbara answered, Nathan was disfigured. The older children in the neighborhood used to tease him and call him E.T., she paused, lost in a sad moment from the past, before adding, Kids can be so mean. He was such a sad child, used to stare out a window in the Penningtons house, watching the children ride bikes or play kick-the-can. That was back when children actually played together outdoors and not sit in a dark room playing with their video games.
Ken interjected, I know it sounds self-serving, but I was so proud of Richard for befriending Nathan. The other kids in the neighborhood turned on Richard, but they didnt know any betterthey were taught that garbage at home. Some of the parents actually started rumors that Nathan had AIDS.
And that Beth, Barbara said, a smile escaping her lips. She was such a little stinker. I cant believe little Beth has a child of her own.
What did you believe happened to her? Billy asked.
The last we saw of them theyd traveled to Manhattan to see a specialist for Nathans condition. They took almost nothing when they left, so we were surprised when they didnt return. We didnt know what to think, but we knew they were under a lot of stress the last few weeks before they left, and their personalities changed, Barbara said.
How so? Billy asked.
Like they were scared of something, Ken said. We tried to reach out to them, but it was like they didnt trust anyone.
After their disappearance, we were interviewed by the FBI. Their theory was that the Penningtons sold little Beth to the black market to make money to pay Nathans bills. Then when their scheme was discovered, they ran to Canada, Barbara recalled. We were skeptical, to say the least. But we never saw them again, so we really didnt know what to think.
Ken sensed something was up. We do know they were running from something, and I get the feeling you know who it was.
Billy didnt want to reveal the details, but they were out of options, and badly needed an ally. So he recounted the parts of the story hed pieced together so far about a covert organization called Operation Anesthesia that kidnapped and cultivated children with a rare genetic disorder called CIPA, turning them into a Special Ops fighting force. Dana had taken Carolyn to the bathroom, which allowed Billy to freely lay out the dirty details, including shootouts at both the cabin and the train station in Schenectady, and all the events leading up to when they took a seat on the curb in front of the Penningtons old home.
Ken and Barbie looked stunned, and couldnt help but to stare at Carolyn upon her return to the room. You are telling me that she cant feel pain? Ken said. Based on his expression, Billy might as well have told him that she was an alien. 
Carolyn sighed apathetically, and then like Mick Jagger being forced to sing Satisfaction for the gazillion-and-first time, she said, I cant feel my boo-boos. 
It makes sense, Ken said, which surprised Billy. He thought he might be forced to put Carolyns hand in the boiling water on the stove to make his point, or perform a demonstration in which she dropped heavy objects on herself. 
I remember that the burns on Nathans face were the result of sticking his head into a fireplace, Barbara picked up for her husband. He was only two at the time. Carol Ann said Nathan stuck, and left, his head in the fire because he thought it was pretty. We always thought he had some problem with self-mutilation, or some inner-demon worthy of an exorcist. He would do these horrible things like biting off his tongue.
Carolyn stuck out her own tongue, which still had visible stitches. Barbara looked horror-struck. Billy couldnt tell if she saw Carolyns tongue or Nathans from twenty years ago. But then all thoughts returned to the present.
The front door opened and voices echoed throughout the house.


Chapter 65

Mom  Dad  were here, shouted the male voice. A young girls voice followed in echo.
It was Ken and Barbaras son and granddaughter.
Their son, Richard, burst into the living room half into a sentence, Sorry it took us so long, but theres a kidnapper on the loose, if you can believe that. Some lunatic named Harper, or something like that. There are roadblocks everywhere.
Billys heart sank. Part of him knew it was only a matter of time before the investigation revealed that it wasnt him and Carolyn in that fire, and would declare her missing. And when her parents also turned up missing, suspicion would logically turn to her babysitter with a past. Billy knew he could have been spotted with Carolyn anywhere from Montreal to Schenectady. And they had been careless since arriving in the area. They could have been identified by the caretaker from Steve Penningtons house. Perhaps it was the reason Martin suddenly bolted. Maybe it was the delivery boy from last night, the clerk at CVS, or the guy working the front desk at the motel. The possibilities were endless, and not even worth pondering right now.
Richard looked at the visitors with surprise. His blond hair was poofier than the picture, and his mustache was furrier. He had large, tanned forearms, and wore a short sleeve golf shirt despite the cool October day.
Honey, Id like you to meet Billy Harper, Dana Boulanger, and Carolyn Whitcomb, Barbara said.
His pale face reddened. Whats going on here?
I met these people while your father and I were out walking this morning. I invited them in for some 
Mac-cheese, Carolyn butted in excitedly.
Claudia locked eyes on Carolyn and they traded excited looks. Were gonna get to eat mac-cheese?
Richard ignored the children. Mom, the police are looking for these people. They said they are armed and dangerous.
I think you should talk to them, Barbara said.
What could a kidnapper and I have to talk about? Are they threatening you?
Billy pointed toward Carolyn. This is Carolyn Whitcomb. Her mother is Beth Whitcomb. But her original name is Beth Pennington. You know, Nathans little sister.
He appeared disoriented. What is this?
Hes telling the truth, Ken said.
They are running from the law. They will say anything not to get caught.
Billy jumped in, providing the Cliff Notes version of the story, including why the police believed he had kidnapped Carolyn. It sounded crazier each time he told it, but it contained some undeniable facts, such as the photos and letters from the Evelyn package.
Richard turned to his daughter. Claud, why dont you go with Grandma and get some of that macaroni and cheese.
She joined Carolyn and they gaily left together, shadowing Barbara into the kitchen.
So you think Nathan might be alive? he asked. His tone said they had piqued his interest, but the cynical twitch of his mustache indicated the sales pitch wasnt complete.
We arent sure, Richard, Dana said.
Call me Rich.
Less formality was a good sign, Billy thought, as he continued, But we do know that we have to get to North Carolina to get answers from the Dr. Jordan I mentioned.
And we do know that Beth is in trouble, Dana added.
That was so many years ago. I always wondered what happened to them. Beth used to tattle on me and Nate all the time. I can still hear her whiny voice, Mrs. KielyRichard and Nathan are pulling my hair! She was a stickler for the rules, he said with a reminiscing smile.
That sounds like Beth, Dana said, joining him in a smile.
Did Nathan ever try to contact you? Billy asked.
I havent heard from him since they left. Gosh, what were we, like, nine?
How about the FBIan agent named Hasenfus? Dana asked. 
They interviewed my parents. But like I said, I was just a kid. I dont remember the guys name.
The television seemed to pick up volume without anyone touching it. Photos of Billy and Carolyn plastered on the screen, accompanied by unflattering terms like kidnapping, armed and dangerous, and history of violence. Roadblocks were everywhere. They had been spotted just blocks away on Rockland Drive. 
Sirens screeched through the walls. Helicopters could be heard above the house. They were trapped.
And the deflating part was that the kidnapping charges were the lesser of the evils. Billy knew if the authorities took him into custody, then Operation Anesthesia would have a free shot at Carolyn. With her parents captured, he and Dana were her last line of defense.
Rich Kiely seemed to be grappling about what to do. Nathan was from a different life, a long time ago, and he had Claudia to think about.
She really cant feel anything? he asked
She can feel, just not pain.
And you think Nathan had the same thing?
Yes.
He nodded. It makes sense now.
We dont have much time, Billy urged.
What can we do to help? Rich pledged his support. Nathan deserved better in this world. And I know how hard it is to raise a child without a mother. I want Carolyn to have her mother.
Support was great, but they had to get out of the area, and fast. But how? Carolyn and Claudia returned, appearing spooked by the nervous energy of the adults. Kids could read that scent like sharks sniffing blood.
Billy moved toward a front window and slid the curtain just enough to peek out. He noticed a police car drive by and jerked his head back to safety. When he found the courage to attempt another look, he noticed a group of children around Carolyns age, who were huddled by the sidewalk. He called Barbara over to the window and inquired about them.
Those children are waiting for the bus to take them to afternoon kindergarten, she explained. 
Billy now had a plan. But he needed a better working knowledge of the area. Ken retrieved a map and laid it out on the kitchen table. Billy found a highlighter pen and began marking points. 
In a division playoff game during Billys senior year of high school, their opponent scored with only six seconds left in the game to take the lead. It was a death sentencethey had no chanceall Altoona had to do was kickoff and the game would be over. Coach, as he often did, was able to put their predicament into philosophical eloquence. Boysyou fought a good fight, but sometimes in life you find yourself in a position when you are royally screwed. So if you are getting screwed, you might as well relax and enjoy it. 
Coach then called a trick play called the muddle huddle. On the kickoff, all of the Johnstown players ran to their own player whod received the ball on the kickoff, and surrounded him, hid him from sight, waiting for the other team to run to tackle the ball carrier and end the game. Why dont you run? the fans yelled.
But just as the opposing team arrived at what looked like a team that was giving up, all eleven players broke in different directions like a jailbreakit was chaos. And by the time they realized that Billy Harper was streaking down the sidelines with the ball in his hands, it was too late. He galloped untouched to the end zone and Johnstown had rescued victory from the jaws of defeat. The Trojan Horse had nothing on the muddle huddle. 
Billy took one more look out the window and then gathered everyone in the living room. He talked over the sirens.
Folkswe are about to run the muddle huddle.


Chapter 66

Dana held Carolyns hand as they stood waiting at the bus stop, mingling among five other rambunctious kindergarteners. The story was that Barbaras son and daughter-in-law, Nadiabeing played by the actress named Danahad just moved back in with them due to the recent economic downturn, and this was the first day at a new school for their daughter, Claudia. 
The actress-in-training, Carolyn, seemed to be enjoying the role-playing, as she portrayed Claudia in the off-Broadway performance of The Muddle Huddle. She was also excited about returning to schooleven if she was a little apprehensive about going to a new one. Will Ms. Stevens be my teacher? Are we gonna get to color? I really like to color. Will I get a water bottle like at my old school? Dana did have to remind her that while she was four years old, she would be five on the kindergarten bus. The irony was unmistakable.
Barbara continued chatting with the group of mothers. Some talked about the crazed kidnapper spotted in the area. Those are things that happen in other peoples neighborhoods, said a mother in curlers. I figured school would be the safest place for my Lucy to be, added a young Asian woman who was bundled in a heavy overcoat. They all agreed with the notion, and one mother mentioned that the mayor was just on the news and he encouraged families to send their children to school, since it likely would be the last place a wanted fugitive would go. Dana wasnt so sure about that.
When Billy was formulating the plan, Barbara had explained that they never could have pulled this off a few years ago. Everybody in the neighborhood knew each other back then, and knew each others kids. But that was a generation ago. The Kielys were now tops in seniority within the neighborhood, and had little connection with any family outside of the Garcias. All of those theyd once been close to had moved away.
The school bus eased to a stop in front of the curb. Dana turned emotional, playing the role of a mother sending her child off to school for the first time, always a tearjerker. The other mothers looked at her like they were remembering the time they sent their own children off for the first time. They understood.
You be a good little girl, Dana said.
I promise, no Dracula jokes.
Dana couldnt help but smile at her. But it was short-lived, as an image shot into her mind of Beth splitting from her family. They hadnt been seen since. But Dana knew this was the only way. The police would be looking for a man and a little girl. There was only one place she would blend into the woodworkamong a group of other children her age. 
You know how much we love you, right  Claudia?
Carolyn smiled mischievously. Yes  Mom.
Barbara seamlessly added the touch of the comforting grandmother, putting her arm around Dana as they watched Carolyn board the bus, the real Claudias Hannah Montana lunchbox swinging at her side. Carolyn wore an autumn sweater, a plaid skirt with white stockings, and a shiny black pair of Mary Janes on her feet. Her hair was combed straight, without her usual bangs. 
Dana wasnt sure how theyd been spotted, whether it was Martin reporting them, or some random passerby. But regardless, they were now going to try to twist it to their advantage. Billy knew they would be looking for a little girl in a green and yellow Siena sweatshirt with double ponytails flowing off the sides. One of the few advantages in their favor was that nobody would suspect such an impromptu wardrobe change. To get clothes, they would have to either buy or steal them. But they didnt count on Claudia Kiely keeping clothing and other items like lunchboxes at her grandparents house.
But just when they thought theyd passed the first test, they were hit with another surprise. A uniformed man got off the bus. He appeared to be a security guard and Danas heart somersaulted. She caught a glimpse of a gun in his waistbandhe was armed.
I just want to assure you that the Schenectady school district is taking all precautions to keep your children safe with this kidnapper on the loose. Security, like myself, will be on all buses, just as we will when your children return home, he announced.
If not for their perilous circumstances, Dana might have laughed out loud at the notion that he thought he could stop Operation Anesthesia. But as Carolyn marched happily onto the bus, another thought pounded Dana between the eyes. What if he was one of them?
There was nothing she could do now. Carolyn moved to the back of the bus, energetically waving to Dana out the back window with a huge smile on her face. She was happy to be going to schoola return to the structure children crave.
Dana held her breath, hoping it wasnt her last image of Carolyn.


Chapter 67

Rich Kiely drove east on Lyndon. His tanned forearm was resting on the door of the convertible Camaro, and he wore his mirrored sunglasses on this sunless day. He looked like he should be cruising down Sunset Boulevard, not a residential street in upstate New York.
Claudia was strapped into the backseat in a car seat she outgrew about a year ago. Her blonde hair was flying back in the wind like a cape. She wore a green and yellow colored Siena sweatshirt.
Within minutes, they hit a police roadblock. As expected, suspicions were piqued by a thirty-something male transporting a young girl matching Carolyns description. 
Please step out of the car, sir, a young officer said in an accusatory tone.
Rich Kiely complied. He got out, and put his hands where the officer could see them. He was commanded to place his hands on the car, and he followed orders. They searched him, but found nothing of note. 
My name is Richard Kiely, and this is my daughter Claudia. We live in Troy. We were visiting my mother and father who live on East Lyndon Street.
The officer reached into Richs pocket and removed his wallet. He handed it to another officer, while holding a gun on Rich with his other hand. This was no routine traffic stop.
The other officer trekked to his squad car, presumably to research the man who was calling himself Rich Kiely. He soon returned with a disappointed look. The car was registered to Richard Kiely, the picture on the drivers license matched him, and his story about living in Troy and the parents in Schenectady added up. Mainly because it was true. The truth will set you free. At least that was the plan.
After a few inquisition-type questions about the Siena sweatshirt, the young officer said, We are sorry to bother you, Mr. Kiely. With a kidnapper on the loose, we cant take any chances.
Rich nodded pleasantly. As you can see, I have a daughter myself, officers. Keep up the good work.
Then Rich Kiely and Claudia drove away toward the spot Billy Harper had designated. 


Chapter 68

After the bus left, Dana and Barbara hurried back to the Kielys house where Kens Dodge Ram pickup truck was waiting for them, the engine already running. They followed Carolyns bus toward Elmer Avenue Elementary School at a safe distance, traveling northwest, directly opposite Rich and Claudia. They made a slight right onto Carman Road, drove less than a mile, and then took a right onto Curry Road. The bus made three stops.
Then in muddle huddle fashion, they veered away from the bus. Dana had to force herself not to take a last look at Carolyn, which took all her strength. They merged onto the highway, I-890 West, and drove for three miles before taking the Michigan Avenue exit.
At the bottom of the exit ramp was the expected flashing lights of a police blockade. Dana pulled down her baseball hat as far as she could, her stomach tumbling. She knew if Martin or the Pennington caretaker had been the one to ID them to police, then they likely mentioned the female accomplice. But they were betting that the police were focusing on a male kidnapper and the little girl whod been missing for three days. Time was always of the essence in these cases and the police were already playing catch-up. And it wasnt like Carolyn could be stashed in the trunk. It was an open pickup cab. But she knew if they lost this bet, the price could be Carolyns life.
Like Dana, Barbara also wore a midnight blue Yankees baseball cap with a dark ponytail flowing out of the back. They could pass for mother and daughter, which was the plan.
The officer checked Barbaras ID without a blink. Then he made her remove her hat and sunglasses. He turned to Dana, who did the same hat removal. She didnt like the way he looked at her, but she was suspicious at the way everybody looked at her right now.
While were young, miss, the officer said with his hand out. 
Dana looked perplexed. What?
Barbara stepped in. This is my daughter. Were traveling to my sons home in Troy for the evening.
All well and good, maam, but Im going to need some ID.
I dont have any ID on me, Dana said with a puzzled look.
Why would she have ID on her? She isnt driving, Barbara stepped in on her daughters behalf.
I guess I could go back to your house, Mom, and get it.
It seems well have to, Barbara said with a frustrated moan. She pulled out her phone and began to dial. Ill call Rich and let him know well be a little late.
The officers heavy sigh indicated they were wasting his time. Go ahead, he said with the hint of an attitude and walked to the next car.
Barbara and Dana blew out deep breaths of relief. They then drove to the train station, where Dana purchased three Amtrak tickets to Penn Station in New York City with her credit card.


Chapter 69

Mitchell Jones had set up shop in Schenectady, and was tightening the noose around Carolyn Whitcomb. 
Not only were they chasing her, but they also had to beat the local police to her. The police and FBI had been tripping over themselves since they discovered Little Carolyn and Billy Harper didnt die in that fire on Lake George. When the parents then turned up missing, they became suspicious of a possible kidnapping. Security cameras caught Harper and the girl at train stations in Schenectady and Albany last night. But it wasnt until a cab driver reported that he thought the kidnapping suspects might be his passengers, after hearing a radio report about a kidnapped girl, that they were able to pinpoint Harper to Rockland Drive. A police dragnet was immediately coordinated in the area, making Jones job more challenging. But he smiled anywayhe lived for days like today. 
The capture of Carolyn Whitcomb was not the job they would highlight in bold on their rsums. But what do you expect when they put Stipe in charge? Jones thought. Stipe had his day, but he never adaptedhe was a dinosaur. Creatures that were strong, aggressive, and arrogant, but what did it get them? Only the fittest survive. And mental fitness was just as important as the physical.
The arrogance so clouded Stipes head that he often missed the obvious, and had done so again in this case. He was so focused on his preythe Carolyn trophy hed hang on his mantlethat he didnt see the significance of their search of all the Steve Penningtons in the area. Jones learned of it because he took the extra step to pay the whistle-blowing cabbie a visit, disguised as an FBI agent, to discuss a few loose threads. Could it be a simple coincidence that they sought out the father of Nathan Pennington, one of Operation Anesthesias first ever recruits? Jones knew it wasnt. But why?
As he continued to chomp on his cigarette, it came to him. Operation Anesthesia had never found Little Elizabeth Pennington; she had been on Anesthesias Most Wanted list for over twenty years. Beth Pennington. And what was the common denominator that connected Harper to this? He was living with Elizabeth Whitcomb. Beth Whitcomb. He laughed out loud. They had captured her and didnt even know itElizabeth Pennington was Beth Whitcomb!
His first instinct was to go to the old Pennington house on East Lyndon Street. Maybe the ghosts would talk to him. But he didnt see anyone, and the new owners seemed to be away on vacation. He sat across the street in a Range Rover, hidden in the shadows, plotting his next move. Thats when he noticed the students boarding a school bus across the street. His eyes locked onto one of the little girls climbing aboard. 
It was Carolyn Whitcomb.
And who was right by her side? None other than Dana Boulanger, who was trying to act the part of a doting mother sending her child off to school. He could have grabbed Dana, but he had no use for her. A better plan was to follow the school bus to its destination and secure the girl. She was the precious cargo. And when he pulled it off, there was no way they could overlook his talents again. He would be made head trainer.


Chapter 70

Ken escorted Billy back to the old Pennington house. The Kielys didnt have a lot of friends remaining in the neighborhood, but the Garcias were a new couple theyd met while they both were out power-walking last spring. They were differentyounger and more adventurous than the retired Kielys, but they bonded. And the Garcias daughter, Estella, had become close with Claudia. They would often get together when Rich was up visiting, including a picnic last Fourth of July. 
They were currently on a hiking trip in Vermont, having taken the family SUV, and leaving Frank Garcias motorcycle behind. Frank had left an extra house key with Ken in case there was an emergency while they were away. This would definitely qualify. 
Ken punched in the electronic alarm code to deactivate it, and then used his key to open the garage. Following the plan, Billy Harper, now dressed in Kens old leather jacket and jeans, straddled the motorcycle and fit the helmet on his head. He purred the engine, and then took off toward Elmer Avenue Elementary.
Ken waited exactly two minutes, before shutting the garage and resetting the alarm. He then picked a large rock from the garden and threw it through the Garcias garage window. He reached in through the broken glass and unlatched the lock with his gloved hand. He lifted the garage door, purposely tripping the silent alarm. 
Ken dialed 911 on his cell phone. He told the operator that he was startled by a noise coming from the Garcias home across the street. And when he looked out his window, he witnessed a man fitting the description of wanted fugitive Billy Harper, who hed seen on the news. He claimed he saw the man throw a rock through the garage door and then steal Frank Garcias motorcycle. The man fitting Harpers description then took off with a child hanging onto the back.
Within what seemed like seconds, police piled into the Garcias driveway. Ken met them and retold the story he told the 911 operator. He pointed the police in an eastbound direction, which was the opposite of where Billy went. 
The police thanked Ken for his bravery in performing his civic duty, and told him they might need him at a later time to identify Billy Harper and the child after they inevitably apprehended them. They hung yellow police tape at the scene and departed.
Ken returned to an empty house, hoping he did the right thing. It was hard to imagine that a simple Friday morning walk with his wife could turn into a Robert Ludlum novel. He sat on his couch watching the news coverage. His body shook. He guessed this was how the Penningtons felt when they were forced to flee. Thats why their personality changed those last months, he knew now.
A few minutes later, an FBI agent named Hasenfus arrived at his door. He claimed to be coordinating with the local police investigation, so Ken retold the exact story he told the police. The FBI agent thanked Ken for his bravery in performing his civic duty, and headed after Billy Harper.


Chapter 71

Billy sped the motorcycle up Brandywine Avenue. He was no Calvin Rose by any means, but he was being fueled by something stronger than adrenalinepure panic. He swung a left at Union Avenue and then made another quick left onto Elmer Avenue.
Elmer Avenue Elementary School was a three-story, block-shaped brick building that had been built prior to World War II. He wasnt sure what a typical Friday consisted of at the school, but doubted there was normally this much hubbub. And he was sure the presence of this many uniformed security guards was due to reports of a violent kidnapper on the loose.
He maneuvered toward the school zone, where crossing guards were walking afternoon kindergarteners across the street with hand-held stop signs. Most of the crossing-guards appeared to be elderly men and women trying to keep busy during retirement, and werent prepared for what was going to be the lead story on the six oclock news.
Billy kept the visor of his helmet down as he inched closer to the school, having to hold back his overwhelming desire to rush. He acknowledged the white-haired crossing-guard who waved him on and moved toward the front of the school, where he spotted a bus pull to a stop.
One by one the young students got off the bus, escorted by a security guard. Parents and teachers huddled near them. Talk of kidnappers had brought out all the protectors, and anxiety hung like a dark cloud over the area. 
Carolyn was the eighth student off the bus. She fit in perfectly with the other students in a jolly munchkin-march to the school, tightly gripping their precious lunchboxes. Billy actually smiled at the fact she appeared to have already made friends. It was her M.O.always full of life and infectiously transferring it to others. He also noticed a joyful hop in her step. They led her to believe she was really going to school today. It was the sense of normalcy she craved. He vowed to get her back into her own bed, with Beth tucking her in and Chuck singing to her. That would be true normalcy.
It was time to make his move. He hadnt counted on so many people and security, but rationalized that the chaos might be a help. It didnt matter, because it was do or die  again.
He brashly raced toward her, skidding to a sweeping stop in front of the sidewalk. Carolynover here!
She stopped in her tracks, fixated on the motorcycle. As did a whole group of teachers, parents, and security. Billy didnt have a second to waste.
Carolynget on!
Billy and Aunt Dana told me to go to school. Im not falling for that one again, she said.
He didnt want to ID himself, but she left him no choice. Her lack of gullibility would normally protect her from a kidnapping situation, but it was working against her here. Billy felt the adults closing in.
He lifted off the helmet.
Carolyns face lit up. Billy, you got a motorcycle!
Cmon, get on!
She appeared to think about it for a moment, and then responded, No, I think Id rather go to school.
You gotta be kidding me, he mumbled to himself. Carolyn, get on now!
I wanna play with my new friends, Billy.
The mention of Billys name triggered everyone. The kidnapper. Armed and dangerous. The motorcycle made him appear even more devious and ready for flight. Mothers were grabbing their children; a security guard had pulled a gun.
Carolyn, please come, he pleaded.
You said I could go to school.
Cant a boy change his mind? he attempted humor.
I wanna go to school, she implored. She was desperate to get back to normalcy. Her emotions were unraveling.
Hold it right there! the security guard yelled.
A mother screamed.
A teacher ran toward Carolyn in an attempt to save her from the kidnapper. Another screamed. Chaos reigned.
Carolyn blew a circuit. She turned into a frozen statue, her lunchbox helplessly falling to the ground.
Carolyn! Billy shouted again.
She didnt even hear him. Her eyes welled and tears fell down her cheeks. But she didnt move. 
Billy surveyed his limited options, understanding he might have to shoot his way out of this one. He felt for the gun in the pocket of the leather jacketthe same one Dana had pulled on him. He put the kickstand down on the bike, got off, and headed for the frozen little girl. Stick together, remember?
Thats when he saw a bigger problem than the security guard, or the sound of police sirens closing in. He recognized the shadowy figure moving toward Carolyn, and his stomach sank.
Carolyn also noticed him, jarring her out of her trance. She turned toward the man and let out a primal yell. Billy couldnt believe it came out of such a little girl.
Osama Banana! Osama Banana! Do something!
The security guards focus shifted away from Billythe kidnapperand aimed his gun toward the bearded man who was lying in wait. For a moment, it was as if the guard really believed the worlds most notorious terrorist had come back to life and popped up in Schenectady.
More screams from mothers. More chaos. Carolyn yelled again, Osama Banana! Get him! 
With all eyes on the crazed gunman, Billy took advantage. He ran to Carolyn and grabbed her. He placed her on the motorcycle and was about to get on behind her and speed away, when his heart sank again. He watched Osama Banana shoot the security guard in cold blood. Carolyn put her hands over her ringing ears. And now the gun was pointed right at Billy.
He had no choicekill or be killed. He pulled out his gun and thought back to Chucks hunting lesson. Lean forward, stabilize, anticipate movement, deep breath, put finger on trigger.
He fired. And the world momentarily froze.
Once again he proved to be no Annie Oakley. He wasnt sure if he even came close to Banana. He doubted he was even in the vicinity, and counted his blessings that he didnt hit a child. But it did buy him a few precious seconds. His brazenness surprised Banana, who momentarily ducked for cover. And by the time he refocused his weapon, Billy and Carolyn were speeding down Elmer Avenue. 
Billy held Carolyn tightly in his lap. She was still shaken. Not even a motorcycle ride could snap her out of it. He had memorized the directions to the train station. A right onto Eastern Avenue, another right at Morris, then a left onto Union, and finally a left onto Erie Blvd. It was only a mile and a half from the school, but it seemed like they were traveling in molasses. All he could do was keep his eyes on the prize. And follow his own rulenever look in the rear-view mirror.


Chapter 72

Franklin Stipe rumbled his military-looking Hummer in the direction of the surprise party he was going to hold in Billy Harpers honor. He didnt doubt that Harper had started in the direction Ken Kiely indicatedKiely seemed like an honest chapbut Stipe knew Harper had purposely tried to send him on another wild goose chase.
A nice try, but this wasnt Stipes first rodeo, and he wasnt going to be fooled by these amateurs again. And like most amateurs, if you gave them enough rope theyd hang themselves, which was exactly what was about to happen here. A smile came over his blistery face, knowing he was about to seal their fate.
He maintained his conquering smile as he drove to the Schenectady Amtrak Station. People do stupid things when they are feeling panic, but even so, Dana Boulanger purchasing those three train tickets with her very traceable credit card was off-the-charts moronic.
Speaking of stupid, commotion over his police scanner indicated that a security guard had been shot while attempting to apprehend Billy Harper at Elmer Avenue Elementary School. But it wasnt Harper who shot him. The shooting suspect was a thin wiry man with a long, graying beard and ponytail. The suspect had fled the scene.
Stipe grew angry at Jones, but not for his stupidity. That was a given. It was for lack of loyalty. Jones was his protg, and Stipe believed if it wasnt for him, Jones would be some combination of dead, strung out on drugs, or in prison. It was obvious that Jones didnt understand the pecking order, and attempted to play hero. His beloved Herbert Spencer didnt teach him the most important law of naturethat Stipe was always the one standing in the end.
He avoided the school scene, which thanks to Jones was crawling with police. The detour would only cost him a couple minutes, but the train didnt leave for another fifteen. A lifetime in his business. He arrived confidently in the train station parking lot and quickly located the motorcycle Harper stole from the Garcia home. He wasnt sure how Dana Boulanger arrived, but had confirmation that she was the one who had bought the train tickets.
Stipe entered the small train station and grinned at the sight before him. Not only would he get the child, but when he threatened to kill her, Harper would surely give him the location of the remaining Rose brothers. His loyalty was his downfall. 
Before him, sitting in a waiting area, sat a man, woman, and a child, thinking they were about to board the getaway train. To make things even better, their backs were to him. The element of surprise was on his side.
He pulled out his gun and readied his false FBI badge, identifying him as Agent Hasenfus. He straightened his suit, put his sunglasses on, and marched toward his prey. There were fewer than ten people in the waiting area. He figured they might give him a standing ovation for taking away the evil kidnapper, and saving poor little Carolyn Whitcomb.
He moved right behind the long, brunette ponytail hanging out of the womans baseball cap. Low points for creativity on the disguise, but it wouldnt have mattered. He stood for a moment behind her, enjoying the sounds of their nervous breaths. Now it was show time. 
FreezeFBI, he said in a firm voice, but didnt want to shout it and alarm the other travelers in the station. Slowly show me your hands and put them in the air.
The three people followed his instructions. The adults calmly put their hands into the air, while the child shot her hands up with enthusiasm. They didnt try to run or make a desperate plea. He liked the combination of fear and admiration his prey always displayed toward him upon capture. He maneuvered to face them.
When he did, his face slumped, and mouth dropped. It wasnt Billy Harper, Dana Boulanger, and Carolyn Whitcomb he was looking at. It was Richard Kiely, his mother, Barbara, and his daughter, Claudiaheaded for a weekend trip to Montreal.



Part Four  
War of the Roses

Chapter 73
The last train to Clarksville was a silver Camaro with New York plates. Clarksville, Virginia, that was, to have a little visit with Dr. Samuel Jordan. Billy was behind the wheel, now wearing Rich Kielys short sleeve golf shirt, and too energized to feel the cold wind on his bare arms. Dana sat beside him, her ponytail whipping around in the wind.
Having the top of the convertible down was against his better judgment, being that a massive manhunt was likely in hot pursuit, but Carolyns requests were hard to turn down after what shed been through.
The muddle huddle had worked to perfection, just as it had against Altoona High. But beating the police was one thing, trying to stay one step ahead of Operation Anesthesia was like running from deathjust putting off the inevitable. Billy and his troops might have won the Battle of Muddle Huddle, but were still heavy underdogs in the war.
But Billy chose to grin in the face of death. He visualized the likely looks on Hasenfus and Bananas faces when they inevitably burst into the train station, only to find a different family heading for a weekend trip to Montreal. Once they learned that they were set up by a bunch of rank amateurs, Billy wasnt sure how theyd react, so he made an anonymous call to the police, reporting that he witnessed the kidnapper at the train station. He figured a police presence would provide temporary security for the Kielys, not that Billy expected a confrontation. Anesthesia lived off covertness in the same way that humans lived off oxygen. Dracula never killed anyone in the daylight. Their DNA would be to retreat to darkness, readying themselves to strike again.
Billy knew the minute Dana purchased the train tickets that Operation Anesthesia would be on the train station like paparazzi to celebrity. He used their ber-aggressiveness against them. He visualized Coach Blake writing on the blackboard before a game. The bigger they are, the harder they fall. The faster they are, the easier they are to be trapped. Sometimes someones biggest strength was also their biggest weakness. Billy was no different. His loyalty was a dual-edged sword, often his biggest strength, but sometimes his Achilles heel. 
The car was on loan from Rich Kiely, and since he didnt report it stolen, the police wouldnt be looking for it anytime soon. They swapped it in a quick exchange in the train station parking lot. But it wouldnt be long before Operation Anesthesia made the connection. And when they did, Billy knew their retaliatory strike would be swift, aggressive, and unrelenting.
Carolyn began the trip in a grumpy mood, annoyed she couldnt attend school, as was promised. It appeared to be a pretty serious grudge she was holding, because even the motorcycle ride didnt lift her spirits.
Somewhere along the New York Thruway, her orneriness turned to a bad case of ADD. One moment she was celebrating the opening of the roof of the convertible, and moments later declared it to be too windy and demanded it be put back up. For a brief time she happily sang along to Beyonces Crazy in LoveUh-oh, Uh-oh, Uh-ohbut then had a meltdown because Billy and Dana didnt have the forethought to bring along her favorite Barney & Friends CD while they were running for their lives.
Billy glanced back at her. She uncomfortably adjusted herself in Claudias car seat. It didnt fit. It was like wearing another persons clothes, which by the way, she was also doing. Even though Carolyn was freakishly smart and often appeared wise beyond her age, he had to remind himself that she was only four years old. Hold on, Carolyn, he mumbled to himself.
It didnt take long until Tropical Storm Carolyn upgraded to a hurricane. And she rebelled in a way that only a child who couldnt feel pain could. She began violently gnawing at her lip until blood began to stream down her chin. It was Dracula the sequel. 
Oh my God! Dana screamed.
Billy quickly pulled over to the shoulder. What did you do? he scolded.
Dana grabbed a towel and practically leapt back over the seat to Carolyn. She then patiently held it over Carolyns lip, trying to calm the situation, rather than pour some more gas on her determined little fire. When the bleeding stopped, the tears came. And for twenty minutes Carolyns tears didnt stop. She was at the end of her road. Dana looked at Billy with exasperation. He searched for a comforting look to give her, but he couldnt find one.


Chapter 74

When they finally returned to the road, Carolyn drifted into a deep slumber. Every last emotion in her tiny body had been drained. 
Billy kept glancing back, analyzing every soft breath the little girl took. Out of the corner of his eye he noticed Dana grinning at him.
What? he asked.
Any little girl in this world would be lucky to have you as her father.
That coming from someone who just yesterday thought I was a kidnapper.
Dana smiled as she played with Beths iPhone, pulling up the Internet. Its not just me, she said and showed Billy the news headlines on her screen. 
Breaking news: police hunt kidnapper
The vague highlights of the article were that Billy, who allegedly had kidnapped the girl from her parents property in Lake George, was spotted with his victim Carolyn Whitcomb at the Elmer Avenue Elementary School. Shots were reportedly fired, and eyewitnesses reported that a security guard had been shot and killed, although the police had yet to confirm it. The police did release a joint statement with the FBI, stating that Billy was last seen leaving the school on a motorcycle with Carolyn. He was suspected to be armed and dangerous. They were actively searching the Albany area.
The report also mentioned that the missing girls parents were believed to be in seclusion, which was the medias way of saying that they had yet to find the grieving parents to fully exploit their pain.
Billy didnt know if the authorities really believed they were still in Albany, or they were trying to get them to let their guard down. The FBIs presence made him suspicious that the police might believe they had crossed state lines. So he planned on operating as if they were right on their tail. Just like Operation Anesthesia probably was.
Dana looked back at Carolyn, who was now peacefully whistling a snore. I admit, I thought it for a brief moment, she stressed brief, but I never for a second thought you would hurt her.
That makes me feel a lot better, Billy said with a sarcastic grin.
Dana remained serious. I also never believed you did whatever was done to Kellys face in that picture. I was right, wasnt I?
Billy said nothing, his grin erased.
Tell me about Kelly.
I told you, Dana, I dont want to talk about it.
Not what went down in D.C. or anything related to it. Tell me about when you met her. Why did you fall in love with her?
He sighed, knowing Dana was relentless when she wanted something, and wouldnt give up until they reached Clarksville. So he cut his losses. You know, deep down, I always knew she didnt love me. At least not in the for better or worse kind of way. It was just so magical in the beginning that I think we were both always trying to recapture the high. When I write stories, Im in charge of happily ever after. I think I tried to do that in real life, but you cant force that stuff.
At least you put your heart on the line.
Whoever coined that crap about better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all, should be sued for slander.
So you are saying Romeo and Juliet wouldve been better off without each other?
Love is a drug, nothing else. Initial chemical euphoria that people try to recapture like addicts. You never hear people say its better to have smoked crack and lost than to never have smoked crack at all.
Thats a pretty cynical view, Dana replied.
Look at you.
What about me?
You seem happy, no complexities in your life. You have no baggage. And trust me, Dana, baggage gets heavy when you carry it around all the time.
Dana nervously adjusted her baseball cap. Thats because Ive always been too afraid to put myself on the line. Show me someone my age without any baggage, and Ill show you someone who hasnt really lived.
Miss Manhattan Society Babe hasnt lived? Sounds a little hard to believe.
Im not just talking about relationships. I mean with everything in my life. I gave up writing because I was afraid of the rejection, but I stay close to it with the agency. Im like those people who become friends with those they are in love with. They bask in the glow of the thing that makes their life worth living, but are too afraid to put their heart on the line, fearing it will be ripped out. But youre actually guaranteeing the rippage, just at a slow, tortuous pace.
He recognized her words. So who gave you that shot of Novocaine in your heart, Dana?
They passed a sign for Saratoga Springs, now over a hundred miles in the opposite direction. Dana pointed at it. My father has been in a convalescence home in Saratoga ever since his stroke. Its a really nice place. The best place money can buy if youre going to live out your life as a vegetable.
Better than the supermarket, I guess. What did he do to you?
She sniffed, braced herself in the bucket seat, and then told her painful story. Forgetting her at schoolwalking in the house and hearing the groans from the bedroomstanding there and staring at them for what seemed like days. But the worst part was keeping the secret from her mother because she thought it would crush her. 
That lawyer from the train, Joe Skaggs. The one who rode with Beth on the train the day she was abandonedhes still afraid of your father.
I think the only person my father truly hurt was himself. He cost himself his family, including a daughter who thought he was the second coming. 
He seems like an odd choice for your mother, from what Ive heard about her.
As you probably have figured out, a genetic family trait with the women in my family is bringing in strays. 
That letter she wrote was telling.
It was. She was a strong woman, but I dont think she would have ever left him. One thing about bringing in that stray, the bond is unconditional. Nobody is ever beyond saving.
Sounds like she was a special lady.
She was one of those rare people who truly would sacrifice her own life for others. A lot of people claim they would, but you can count on one hand those who really would give their own life for another. Mom was one of the few.
I guess in a way she really did give her life for Beth.
Dana took another look at Sleeping Beauty in the back seat. She would protect Beth and me at any cost, and Beth would do the same for Carolyn.
Billy nodded. He fully understood.
After my mother died, for all intents and purposes, I ran away, Dana continued, her voice full of regret. I should have been there for Beth. She was just a child and I left her in the jungle all by herself. Thats when her problems began.
Another Coach Blake-ism jumped into Billys head, and he passed it on, Whatever doesnt kill you makes you stronger, so you can go kill the son of a bitch who tried to kill you.
You should give up on novels and write greeting cards.
Whered you run away to?
She smiled with embarrassment. I dropped out of BC and went to Paris to try to become a model.
He couldnt help but snicker. I didnt know people tried to become models. I thought they got discovered in the supermarket by some flamboyant European photographer.
It was just an excuse to leave home. I couldnt stand to be around my father and brothers, she paused. You really couldnt see me strutting my assets down the runway?
You are definitely beautiful enough.
She blushed, but covered it with deflection, I actually spent most of my time holed up in my apartment, writing. Some pretty dark stuff. I think it was my way of dealing with my mothers death.
You just totally ruined my image of models. I pictured all-night parties and naked pillow fights.
Sorry to disappoint.
Can you do the face?
She looked curiously at him. The face?
You knowthe model face. The empty, vamp, I havent eaten in six days and Im really pissed off look.
Billy did the face, at least his version, and Dana fell into laughter. Then Dana took her best shot and he returned the laugh. They looked like two little kids making fish faces at each other.
Some shuffling could be heard from the backseat as Carolyn awakened. You two are silly, she said with a groggy giggle. The nap seemed to have soothed her surly attitude.
Dana put her arm around Billy, and pulled him close to give him a peck on the cheek. She whispered in his ear, I feel like Im living life when Im with you.
He avoided the intimate moment by meticulously viewing the map. We have a long way to go, he said.
The statement was both literal (going to Clarksville) and figurative (he was not yet ready to put his heart on the line again). But it was better than being at the end of the road, like when he began this journey. He felt hope.


Chapter 75

Early Saturday afternoon, they checked in to a Best Western on the shore of Buggs Island Lake in Clarksville, under the name Chad Foley. Billy chose the lodging based on one specific amenity it offereda direct view across the lake at the thick forest that protected the five hundred acres of Jordan Plantation. 
Once secure in their room, Billy plotted their next move, while Dana surfed the hotels Internet service. Carolyn was in heavy negotiations to go swimming in the pool, which wouldnt be the smartest idea under the circumstances.
Dana did an online search of the Albany newspaper to get an update on the search for the kidnapper. No surprise, they hadnt found them. But she did come across the troubling headline related to the case. 
Cab Driver Found Slain
According to the article, Martin Fleury, owner of Tech Valley Cabs, was shot to death in his Schenectady apartment after an alleged break-in. Billy immediately ran to the bathroom and vomited. Its my fault, he cried out as Dana tried to comfort him.
Its not your fault, Dana rebuked. These people are sick bastards.
Can we please go swimming? Carolyn continued to plead from the other room.
Operation Anesthesia had proven that theyd ruthlessly go to any extent. Just like that security guard at the school, Martin had nothing to do with this. He might have even helped them by reporting Billy and Carolyn to the authorities. Billys hope crumbled, and he surrendered. Lets get her a bathing suit and take her swimming.
Dana looked stunned. They might as well take out an ad to declare their whereabouts. I dont think thats a good idea.
I dont think she has a lot of time left to be free. She should enjoy the time she has, he whispered back.
Dana glanced at Carolyn, and then nodded sadly, an understanding taking over her face. She accepted what Billy already knewthey were running from death, and death always catches you in the end.
When they informed her that she would get to go in the pool, Carolyn jumped up and down and merrily sang a new song she concocted called Im going swimming!
They ventured out into the sleepy Main Street in Clarksville as incognito as possible. First, they found a small boutique to purchase some new clothes. The good news was that the small-town boutique didnt appear to have any security cameras.
Since they were running for their lives, they went with something called active wear. Billy got a long sleeved crew shirt, jeans, and a pair of cross-trainers. The always-fashionable Dana purchased a black tank top, which she wore under a French terry jacket, along with a pair of suede cotton pants with a drawstring. Carolyn couldnt resist a red T-shirt proclaiming Virginia is for Lovers, which had been the states odd tourist motto for over forty years. The outside temperature was in the low sixties, but was expected to cool dramatically at night, so they also bought Carolyn a hooded fleece. A particular pair of jeans won out because they had a fish embroidered on them. Carolyn mentioned it reminded her of Puck. Another sign of her homesickness.
Clarksville was a haven for water enthusiasts, so Billy had no trouble locating a water-sports store to purchase a bathing suit for Carolyn, along with numerous flotation devices. He also bought three black wetsuits. He didnt have an exact plan as to how to get inside Jordan Plantation, but he figured swimming might be involved. It would be a suicide mission, but at this point they had nothing to lose.
The gated motel pool was located on an embankment that led down to the lake. The sun began to set, lowering temperatures into the fifties, and the water wasnt heated. It was way too cold to go swimming, unless you were a polar bear. Or someone who couldnt feel temperature sensation. To Carolyn, it might as well have been a warm bath.
Carolyn wore her one-piece bathing suit. Plastic floatation devices covered her arms and legs like a suit of armor, annoying her sense of freedom, as did a nose clip. She looked like a cross between an alien and an astronaut. But it didnt keep her down. She gleefully dove in with a yelp, swam with an uncoordinated doggy-paddle, and then repeated the process over and over. She struggled with her swimming strokes, but her face was full of determination. A genetic trait handed down from her mother.
Carolyn couldnt go a moment without yelling to Billy, who sat poolside with Dana, ready to dive in and save her if need be. She wanted to make sure they were giving their full attention, and was making quite a ruckus for someone who was hiding for her life. They were the only ones at the pool, but that didnt mean the bad guys werent lurking in the shadows.
When her lips eventually began to turn blue, they forced her out, and Dana wrapped a towel around the soaked girl.
As Dana attended to Carolyn, Billy walked to the pool fence and stared out toward the lake, watching a small motorboat speed by. His eyes then drifted across the lake in the direction of Jordan Plantation.
Dana came up beside him and asked, Do you really think thats where Chuck and Beth are being held?
I dont know, but I know somebody who does, he said, picturing Dr. Samuel Jordan in his mind.


Chapter 76

Beth checked herself in the mirror, modeling the perfect-fitting cotton dress that was provided for her. She couldnt remember the last time shed worn a dress. The circumstances were far from ideal, but it was nice to feel like a girl again.
It was Saturday afternoon and she had made plans to attend a church service with her new friend, Miss Rose, that evening. A woman who quietly played the game for years, until she was presented with that one glorious moment in which she could help her children. Beth vowed to act like a Kool-Aid drinking convert for fifty years if there was even a speck of a chance it might help Carolyn. Shed make any sacrifice for her. 
No surprise, Chuck took a different approach. He was ready to rumble 24/7. Nobody was going to hurt his girls without getting to personally know Chuck Whitcombs fists. The loyal goony to the end. Beth was about strategic defense, while Chuck believed in firing first and asking questions later.
A knock rattled the door. Beth meandered over, expecting Miss Rose. But to her surprise, it was one of the trainers.
Please follow me, he said coldly.
In the spirit of Miss Rose, she obeyed, no questions asked. She stepped into the hallway and to the back of a line that included about twenty other female residents. They were marched to the elevator in two symmetrical groups like a third grade class during a fire drill. Not a word was spokenthe only sound was the eerie echoing of footsteps.
They were dispatched in the elevator under the watchful eye of the trainers. Beths group was last. During her wait, she searched for Miss Rose. The other residents made up a diverse cross-section of ethnicity, but not one was a middle-aged African-American woman. Beth had a sinking feeling that something had happened to her new friend.
The elevator took them up to the gazebo. There, one of the trainers gathered everyone and took a head count. After taking attendance, he escorted the group across the manicured grounds to the same park where Miss Rose had taken Beth the previous day. The sky was different than the first day she was brought to Utopia Park. Today it was an October blue/gray with little sun. 
The weather wasnt the only difference that Beth noticed. This time a bulky, wooden platform was set up in the middle of the tranquil park. She recognized it as a contraption used to hang rebellious slaves back in the not-so-good ol days of plantation life. That dark history was now returning to life right before Beths eyes. When she discovered the identity of the woman with the noose wrapped around her neck, Beth felt sick.
Miss Rose looked a little scared and unsure, but she wasnt giving in. She had sacrificed everything for her children and would give up her life for them without hesitation. Thats what mothers doit was in their DNA. She seemed at peace, even if she wouldnt go peacefully.
Beth didnt hold any such contented feelings. Her lone confidante was about to be hung, likely a punishment for helping her children to freedom. Beth felt guilt for bringing up Calvin yesterday, causing Miss Rose to drop her guard. She was quickly learning that Big Brother was always watching in this place. 
Dr. Jordan appeared on the platform. Looking like a clean-shaven Lincoln, he wore a black stovepipe top hat, along with an elaborately cut dark jacket that focused Beths eye to his torso, a very popular style in the 1860s. Only the perilous situation of her friend could keep Beth from laughing at the insane absurdity of the whole thing.
Jordan faced the audience of onlookers, most of them wearing apprehension on their faces. But nobody protested. Beth theorized that theyd lost their will to fight a long time ago.
This is a sad day for me, Jordan addressed the audience, his charming southern accent cutting through the brisk air. Life here at the plantation is about benevolence. Im not a man of violence; in fact, I have dedicated my life to saving lives. But Im pragmatic enough to understand that every society must have a certain level of order and discipline.
The reason yall were chosen to be here today, was that unlike the children born on the plantation, youve had your minds shaped by the outside world. We didnt choose to bring you hereyou were called by a higher powerand in return weve provided a society of peace, security, and stability. Our only rule of law is that you dont corrode the minds of those who never were of the outside. At the root of every society is a rule of law to protect its innocent citizens, and that is why we must listen to your conversationsto protect you. And thats how we learned of the treason committed by Miss Rose.
All eyes shot toward Miss Rose. She was no longer acting like the cheerful tour guide. Her face radiated the iron will of a woman whose only regret was having just one life to give for her children. But Beth also recognized the look of concern on her face, a look only a mother could recognize. The concern was not for her own life, but for her other children still on the plantation, and those who made it to freedom.
Jordan sadly shook his head. Ive come to know Miss Rose as a loyal partner and friend. I prayed last night for God to not let me wake today, so I didnt have to go through with this. It pains my heart, but Miss Rose betrayed us, and by doing so, put many of your children in danger on what turned out to be their final mission in Iran. I consider them my children also, and Miss Rose is responsible for their deaths.
The crowd turned their favor towards Jordan. In a rare display of passion, they hissed at Miss Rose. It wasnt exactly a fair trial, but Beth was pretty sure that nobody who ever died on that platform got a fair trial.
As she continued scanning the crowd, and avoiding any eye contact with Miss Rose, Beth noticed that everyone present was female. Chuck and the other sperm donors werent invited. The mothers, Beth thought. Jordan wanted to play on the loyalty of the mothers to their children. Everything he did was calculated.
Let this be a lesson to yall, Jordan stated, before bolting off the stage, hunched with sadness.
Simultaneously, the trap door opened, plummeting Miss Rose toward the ground. After about a ten-foot drop, the rope violently jerked her neck upward and she bounced to a halt. Miss Rose was anchored in an evil purgatory, halfway between the stand and the ground, the bloodthirsty noose cutting off her air. Her pride-filled eyes were lucid. Beth knew she would do it again if given the chance.
Beth couldnt look at the awful sight. She sharply twisted her head away from the hanging woman. When she did, she noticed another woman. A woman in the crowd who looked deeply saddened by what was going ondifferent from the cold, defeated looks of the others.
There was another thing that caught Beths eye about this woman, and her heart almost exploded. 
It cant be, she muttered to herself.


Chapter 77

Sunday was never an off day for Dr. Jordan. His favorite line was, Ill take Sunday off when kids take off being sick on Sundays.
He was in his office at the childrens hospital bright and early, prepared for a full schedule of consultations with worried parents, some coming as far as Chile to see him. He kept his comforting smile plastered on his face all day, including while emceeing the annual Halloween party. Halloween was still two weeks away, but when it came to sick children, there was no point in putting things off until tomorrow. There might not be one.
In the mid-afternoon, he left the hospital, driving his Escalade across town to his other office in the research complex of Duke University. The offices were mostly empty on Sundays, allowing him to grade midterm papers without interruption. While the offices in Duke Medical were empty, the campus was not. A carnival-like atmosphere had taken over, anticipating the celebration of Midnight Madness later that night. Midnight Madness was a party-like tip-off to the college basketball season. It officially started when the clock struck midnightthe first moment the team was legally allowed to practicebut that didnt stop the students from getting the party started early. 
Sundays also provided the freedom to safely hold status calls with Naqui. Phone calls between doctors of their stature would not raise any alarms. They took place at exactly 4:30 p.m., and as always, Naqui was prompt, down to the second.
Im very concerned, Naqui began, skipping hello.
Jordan reclined in his chair and placed his feet up on his desk. Since our friend, Hasenfus, was supposed to deliver the next recruit by Tuesday, and today is Sunday, I would say your concern is warranted.
And to make matters worse, the third Rose child is still loose.
Cant say Im surprised by any of this. Security has been sloppy and sub-standard for some time. Its time for him to go, but in the interim, Ive taken it upon myself to temporarily take over all security at the plantation. In fact, I had a little meeting with the mothers yesterday to let them know there was a new sheriff in town. 
Im planning a trip down there tomorrow. We need to discuss a reorganization of the operation, including a reduced role for Hasenfus.
What will our contact in Washington say about that?
They never mentioned Rutherfords name in twenty years and werent going to start now.
He has his own problems at the moment with a certain pit-bull senator. We are the least of his worries, Naqui stated confidently.
Hasenfus will not go quietly. And as crazy as it sounds, if we cut him out, I think hed trade a long prison sentence to talk to the congressional commission, in order to bring us all down. I actually think he might enjoy the theater of it.
Let him. We have nothing to be ashamed of. We have saved countless lives.
Get off your high horse. Our work is medically groundbreaking, no doubt, but lets not act like were not enslaving people because the accommodations are five-star and we have wrapped the motives in a flag. 
Jordan had predictably hit Naquis patriotic nerve, just as he intended. He could feel Naqui burning through the phone, and quite frankly, he enjoyed tweaking him. I will see you tomorrow, Jordan said and hung up with a smile, declaring himself the victor.
Moments later, the phone rang once more. Naqui could never let an argument die, always needing to be told he was right. Jordan, on the other hand, didnt have to be right because he was always right.
He recognized the voice, but it wasnt Naqui. This call was much more serious. Jordan pulled his feet off the desk and tensed. 
We can do this one of two ways, the voice said. I can spill all your dirty little secrets, or you can follow my instructions and perhaps we can work out a deal.
Jordan tried some forced charm, but it hit a brick wall. 
You will go to the Duke Forest and enter Gate C at exactly 5:30, the voice said, and then rattled off specific instructions, which Jordan jotted illegibly on a prescription pad. The man ended the phone call with an eerie warning, Ill be watching you, just like I have been watching you.
Jordan knew he had no choice. He slipped a windbreaker over a lavender Polo shirt that was tucked into his Sunday jeans, which he wore with loafers. He unlocked his desk and pulled out his 9mm handgun and stuck it into the pouch pocket of his windbreaker. Once again he would take matters into his own hands, and fix the problem.
He walked south out of the research building and across the quiet medical campus. He passed Fitzpatrick Center and entered the more festive West Campus, filled with face-painted students and the rhythmic pounding of bands. As he got closer to the historic basketball arenaCameron Indoor Stadiumthe noise grew exponentially.
Jordan turned west and walked into the sharp October sun that was setting in the distance. His eyes moved like buzzing gnats. His calm demeanor evaporated. 
The entrance to the Duke Forest was located about a mile west of campus. Eight thousand acres of recovered farmlands and patches of forest that were purchased by the university in the mid 1920s. Its primary purpose had been to provide a natural outdoor laboratory for environmental research and education. But it was one of the few private research facilities also used for public recreation. 
Jordan arrived at the parking area. Very few people were present on a late Sunday afternoon, as he expected, and so probably did the caller. The forest also closed at sundownabout a half hour awaywhich was likely part of the callers plan. Smart, Jordan concededa dark, deserted area would be to the callers advantage. There was only one empty vehicle in the parking lot, a beat-up old van. And the only people he noticed were a couple of Duke students who seemingly just returned from a hike, being badgered for money by a war veteran in a wheelchair.
Upon entering the forest through Gate C, the first thing Jordan noticed was a modern picnic shelter that sat about a hundred feet inside the gate. He walked to the third rustic picnic-table just as he was instructed, and reached underneath. He peeled off the note that was taped there. It ordered him to walk Shepherds Nature Trail, a one-mile self-guided trail that was popular with hikers.
Gradually the wide graveled road became a narrow dirt trail that could only be traveled on foot. The rhythmic pounding of a woodpecker was the only break in the silence. Jordans feet crunched brush and blackberry tangles as he walked deeper into the forest, passing imposing oaks. The trail was empty and he felt a huge bulls-eye on him. He thought about turning back, but knew that wasnt an option. 
The sun began to set in fast-forward as he crossed over a stream, using a man-made bridge. The forest grew thickerthe many oak, maple, and sycamore trees appearing to grow larger before his eyes. He followed the wooden directional signs that were nailed to the hulking trees, and then the path started to look familiar. He realized he had looped around to the picnic area where he started.
The sinking sun was hanging directly in Jordans sightline. He shielded his eyes with his hand, and what he saw through his squinting eyes was the army veteran in the wheelchair, pointing a gun at him.
Why should I not shoot you right now? the man asked.
I think we can work something out, Jordan nervously stammered.
There is nothing to work out.
If you shoot me, then you will never see your mother again.
You are going to take me to her right now.
I dont have that kind of power.
Make a call and find someone who does  or you die.
Jordan didnt doubt himthe man was a trained killer. Jordan showed his hands. Im just going to slowly reach into my pocket and pull out my cell phone.
The man nodded approval, but monitored the process with suspicious eyes. Jordan unzipped his pouch pocket and slowly reached inside. He gradually maneuvered his fingers around the trigger of his gun. He knew he had to be quick.
In one motion he pulled it out, ready to fire
He was too late.


Chapter 78

Sunday morning, they concealed themselves along the entry road to Jordan Plantation and waited for Jordan to leave. They didnt have to wait long. By six he was on the move. They followed at a safe distance in the Camaro. Jordan arrived at his childrens hospital and remained inside throughout the morning. 
Carolyn was incarcerated in the backseat. They couldnt let her out, or even out of the car seat, in case they needed to go at a moments notice. And no matter how hard she negotiated to play in the childrens hospital, that wasnt happening. Billy had rediscovered his resolve during another sleepless night, no longer willing to surrender to the relentless Operation Anesthesia. If they were going down, they were going down fighting. He knew thats what Beth and Chuck would want when it came to Carolyn.
In the mid-afternoon, Jordan returned to his office at Duke. This was much better for Carolyn because it allowed them to leave the car and mingle among the many students filling the festive campus. When they came across a face painter who was providing her services in honor of something called Midnight Madness, Billy saw it as the perfect opportunity to meld into the background. While Carolyn saw it as the final nail in her decision to skip kindergarten and attend Duke. All three of them had their faces painted blue and white.
At quarter past five, with the sun beginning to set, Jordan was on the move again. He strutted across campus until he came to a park-like area just west of the college called Duke Forest, and entered a parking lot that was practically empty. Billy noticed a sad-looking man in a wheelchair, dressed in army fatigues. He held a sign that proclaimed himself as a war veteran, and begged for money. 
Jordan walked past the vet without even a look and entered Duke Forest. Billy could tell by Jordans body language that he was distracted by something. Mr. Cool was now a cat on a hot tin roof. He stopped at a row of picnic tables near a pavilion, reached under one of the tables, and removed a piece of paper. You didnt have to be Sherlock Holmes to figure out it was planted for him. Jordan hastily digested its contents and began to hike up a dirt path.
With Dana at his side, and Carolyn on his shoulders in piggyback position, Billy followed Jordan at what he hoped was a safe distance. As they moved deeper into the forest, the thick trees blocked out the setting sun. The darkening sky became their friend, conspiring to help them remain undetected. It was nice to have one thing on their side. Billy clutched his other friend in the pocket of his jeansthe gun.
Things then began to look familiar. Billy noticed that the path had looped back around to where theyd started. And up ahead near the picnic area, Jordan was engaged in a heated conversation with the man in the wheelchair. Billy couldnt make out what was being saidthe deep forest muffling their shoutsbut he clearly saw the wheelchair guy pull out a gun. Billy handed Carolyn to Dana, urging them to get back, and then found a safe perch so he could watch the action. 
Jordan made a sudden motion, reaching into his pocket to pull out a gun. The man in the wheelchair beat him to the punch. A gunshot echoed through the forest and Jordan fell in a heap onto the ground. The man killed Jordan!
Dana and Carolyn ran back to Billys side, looking relieved he wasnt the recipient of the gunshot. He put his finger to his lips to quiet them. It worked for Dana, but not Carolyn.
Why is that silly man sleeping in the woods? Doesnt he know he could get the lime? she asked, pointing at Jordans lifeless body.
Shhh.
Whoaa wheelchair. I really like wheelchairs!
Shhh.
The man spun his wheelchair in their direction and locked his sights on them. Billy thought of running, but it was too late. The gun was already aimed in their direction. He didnt even contemplate pulling his own gunhed seen what happened to Jordan when he tried that.
Put your hands up over your heads and walk very slowly to me, the man coldly stated. They followed his instructions. The man looked at them with unsure eyes. Since their faces were painted blue and white, he might have thought they were some form of wild creatures.
This man, he pointed at Jordans body laying on the ground, just died for freedom. Do you want to be next?
Unfazed, Carolyn pointed at the man in the wheelchair and asked, Who is that? 
Billy had never met the man, but recognized him. He looked just like his brothers. Carolyn, this is Calvin and Bronsons brother  Andr Rose. 
Who are you? he demanded, surprise in his voice.
My name is Billy and this is Dana, Dana actually smiled and waved at the gunman upon the introduction, and this is Carolyn. She has the anesthesia and Jordan was after her. Calvin and Bronson tried to help us.
You saw them? he asked, letting down his guard. How are they?
Reading their expressions, Andr threw down his gun in disgust. Then he stood, not very well, and limped to Jordans body. He struggled with each stepthe wheelchair was not a prop. He kicked Jordan as hard as he could, before his wobbly legs gave out. He fell to his knees and started throwing punches at the dead mans chest.
Wake up you sonofabitch so I can kill you again!
Dana bravely approached Andr and tried to console him. He allowed her to help him limp back to his wheelchair. He slumped into the seat and planted his face in his hands. He spoke in muffled a tone, I warned my mother about getting them involved, they didnt even know the outside or freedomit was just a fairy tale to them. Operation Anesthesia was all they knew. But my mother believed that freedom was worth any risk or sacrifice.
Bronson had the knowledge base. He always hung on my stories of the outside, and soaked up knowledge like a sponge. But he didnt have the mental makeup to handle it. Calvin was just a pup in the woods. He was lost in this world.
I can tell you, Andr, that their short time in freedom gave them life for the first time, Billy said.
He nodded, his regret temporarily soothed. He then seemed to regain his sense of purpose, and stated, We have to get out of here before anyone discovers the body.
They ventured back toward the parking lot, and got into Andrs van. He then drove them to a nondescript, one-room apartment in the neighboring city of Raleigh. It was a mess, but not in the unsanitary way Bronsons was. It was the mess of someone doing work, sort of like when Billy was in the thrall of writing. Andr was already one step ahead of them. 
He was planning on breaking into Jordan Plantation.


Chapter 79

Billy analyzed Andr during the drive over. He had many similarities to his brothers, including the rose tattoo on his arm, but one difference was the cadence of his voice. More human, and less robotic. Billy remembered Calvin mentioning that Andr had come to the camp from the outside world.
Andrs face was lined with experience. He carried the same burden in his eyes as his brothers, but while they appeared apprehensive and almost childlike, Andr seemed eager to plant his feet and fight the monster. 
I want to show you something, he said, as he dead-bolted the apartment door behind them.
Billy turned to Dana. Maybe you can get Carolyn something to eat. She hasnt eaten anything since breakfast. 
Thats a good idea, Dana said, catching on.
I have peanut butter and jelly, Andr offered.
Between you and me, Id rather eat than hear one of Billys stories.
No, the sandwich, Dana explained to the little girl.
Now youre talking  I love PB and J! Carolyn endorsed, and they headed into the small kitchen.
Billy followed Andrs wheelchair into the lone bedroom. It looked like a stalkers room, photos of Jordan were splashed everywhere, including long distance shots. Jordan leaving the plantation. Jordan at the childrens hospital. Jordan on the Duke campus. 
Andr had constructed a map of the plantation on what looked like an architects workstation. The drawing was amateurish, but his knowledge was anything but. He had marked areas where cameras and security stations loomed.
My plan wasnt to shoot himit was to use him to get me inside, he said, his eyes never leaving the map. I dont have much time. With my knowledge base of their operation, Im their biggest threat. They wont stop until they get me.
Why didnt you go to the authorities?
Why didnt you?
They believe I kidnapped Carolyn. And if Im arrested, then there will be nobody to protect her from Operation Anesthesia. 
What do you know about Operation Anesthesia?
I know the camp is located at Jordan Plantation, at least I think it is. I know they are after children with CIPA, or the anesthesia, as you call it. I know they are trying to capture Carolyn. Calvin told me they train the children to turn them into some sort of military unit, and thats what went down in Iran.
Andr appeared impressed by Billys knowledge level. But his troubled eyes said there was a lot more to the story. There are two parts to Operation Anesthesia. One is as you said, a military aspect that trains the children, turning them into relentless soldiers. Their painlessness might be a disadvantage in the civilian world, but it turns to an advantage when it comes to covert military operations.
The other part is a breeding center. They capture those who carry the mutated gene that causes the anesthesia, and breeds them.
Thats why Calvin understood horse breeding terms like dam, foal, and stallion.
And why you are wrong to think Carolyn is the sole focus.
Billy felt ill. Beth and Chuck werent being used as collateral. They were being used to  Breed, he said. 
Andr nodded. Its the key to the operation. Thats how they get the numbers. Carolyns initial role will be used as psychological blackmail to make sure her parents accept their fate. She will then be trained as a soldierher memories of the outside world washed from her brain. And once she reaches her teenage years, she will be sent on dangerous missions. Eventually, she will become a breeder herself. 
So your mother and father are at the camp? Billy asked.
My father died years ago. He was a jazz musician who had come to America from France. He couldnt handle being confined in that place, it was like a prison to him. He stopped eating, and slowly withered away until he died. But yes, my mother is still there, along with fifteen of my brothers and sisters.
Sounds like modern day slavery to me.
They created a so-called utopian society. Families raising children without any financial worries or competitive stress. Most people give in, able to rationalize their loss of freedom.
But not you? Billy asked.
I was already thirteen at the time I was captured, so Id been exposed to freedom. Id rather live as a peasant with freedom than a king in shackles.
Billy noticed a copy of Lincolns Gettysburg Address tacked to the wall like a poster.
Andr caught his glance. My mother made me memorize it when I was a kid. She told me it represented the universal fight for freedom. Shes a big fan of freedom.
Billy nodded as he read: A new nation conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
So how did you pull off the escape? Calvin began to tell ussaid that he and Bronson followed your leadbut as he liked to say, time was limited. 
Andr smiled with pride. A lot of things came together. First off, my mother was one of the three original women brought to the camp. She gave birth to almost twenty children with Operation Anesthesia, and once even had six at one time. She built up so much trust with Jordan that he made her his personal chef when she could no longer breed. But he underestimated my mother.
But you escaped from Iran, not the camp. I doubt your mother went with you on a mission.
There was no way to escape from within the camp. They can talk about all that utopian society stuff all they want, the reason nobody leaves is that the place has more security than Fort Knox. I knew I had to get off campus.
So it wasnt a coincidence that the three of you ended up on the Iran mission?
Because of the trust level my mother developed, she was able to learn how to manipulate the listening devices they implanted in everyone at the camp. She knew the camp had become lax, overlooking certain security steps, which allowed us to talk freely and hash out our plan.
Something clicked in Billys mind. Did Jordan refer to your mother as Miss Rose?
He looked surprised. Yes, surnames at the camp are the first names of the mother, or dam, as they call it. My real name was Andr Boudreaux, but I hadnt used it in so long I almost forgot it. My mothers name was Rose Caldwell-Boudreaux.
I met her when Jordan had Carolyn over for dinner. She served the meal.
His face filled with concern. How long ago was this?
A few weeks.
Was it after Iran?
Yes.
He blew out a slow sigh of relief. I was worried theyd harm her after our escape.
Billy got back on track. How did you involve Calvin and Bronson?
We taught them to remove the listening device. They were hesitant at firstthe camp was all they knewbut Mom convinced them. She was a great storyteller and without the restraints of the device, she could tell them of the miracles in Montreal. She made getting to freedom sound like they would be going to heaven. But there was still a big problem; I had already gone on my last mission and was scheduled to begin a life of breeding.
Sounds like they underestimated you, just as they did your mother.
I asked for one last mission in Iran. I played it up to the trainers that I was from the outside and knew the threat of nuclear war and what Iran could do with that type of weapon. I told them I wanted my legacy to be putting an end to the threat. Luckily they bought it, and I was able to get on one final mission with Calvin and Bronson. Then all we had to do was wait for our opportunity.
They never suspected you beforehand?
I put my life on the line for them for twenty years. And my experience on a difficult mission like Iran could have meant the difference between success and failure. I was their most loyal soldier and have the debilitated joints to prove it. I had no idea the damage I was doing to my body, he tapped his wheelchair to make his point. They trusted in my loyalty. But what Ive learned over the years is that loyalty will put you in harms way.
The loyalty he talked of could have referred to his joints, or to the doctor his mother naively trusted, who had plotted to take them captive. Or perhaps he was warning Billy about the perils of his dangerous devotion to Carolyn.
Like a professor, Andr moved to his detailed map of the plantation. He pointed out weak points where he thought they could best attack. Red Xs marked security cameras, while blue Ss signified security posts. Points of interests were highlighted, such as the slave quarters where the other CIPA soldiers were incarcerated. Also the stables in which the stallions like Chuck were kept, and entrances to underground tunnels where Beth and Andrs mother were likely detained. 
Andr indicated that they had a small window of opportunity to get in. He believed Jordans death would create a brief interlude of chaos as the trainers and doctors battled for control, in which the plantation would be vulnerable. But they would have to strike quick.
When class ended, they returned to the living room. Dana was focusing on the small screen of Beths iPhone. Carolyn was making quick work of her sandwich and washing it down with milk, the traditional white type. They both looked like they were ready for Halloween, their faces still painted Duke colors. 
Does the name Hasenfus mean anything to you? Billy asked Andr.
He shrugged. Nobody actually gave their real names at the camp. They spoke in code, things like Lead Doctor, or Trainer #3. But through my mother, I learned two names. The lead doctor was Samuel Jordan, which allowed me to track him down. Ive been in the area for a month doing reconnaissance on him.
What was the other name?
The head trainers name was Stipe, but Ive yet to locate him.
Dana used Google to search the name Stipe. In between endless listings for websites devoted to REM lead singer, Michael Stipe, was a security company called Stipe Security. Dana clicked on the link and Franklin Stipes face filled the screen. It was the same man who called himself Hasenfus, just with less sun damagethe one theyd first met at the plantation, and last saw as he slipped to the ground at the train station in Schenectady.
Franklin Stipe was listed on the website as the founder and CEO of Stipe Security. Their logo consisted of two Ss that looked like vertical snakesthe same logo as the one on the chip implanted in Carolyns back. 
It was all coming together now. Using some knowledge from his past life of Klein, specifically their endless quest to hide money, Billy figured Stipe Securitys real purpose was to act as a money laundromat, created by Operation Anesthesia to fund Operation Anesthesia. And whoever set up this company was the person in charge of the operation. Jordan and Stipe were just soldiers.
Andr appeared bemused by concepts like the Internet and iPhones. Before I was captured the coolest thing we had was Atari, he said with a shake of his head.
At that point, Billy truly understood Andrs regrethis life had been stolen from him. So much had happened in those twenty years. He needed the past to matter. All the struggles had to somehow be worth it.
It was something Billy knew all too well. But while there was nothing they could do to change the past, the future was up for grabs. 


Chapter 80

Red sky at night, sailors delight. Red sky in the morning, sailors take warning.
An old sailors proverb, and one Billy hoped wouldnt be prophetic. They traveled in the small motorboat across Buggs Island Lake toward Jordan Plantation. The sky of the morning dawn was painted red, looking as if Carolyn had gotten loose with her crayons. 
Andr captained the small vessel over the calm waters. Billy, Dana, and Carolyn acted as the deckhands. They had gone over the plan back at the apartment, one that Andr had been plotting for months. He transported a one-man arsenal of artillery in a rucksack hed strapped to his back. Just like Carolyn, he could feel weight but not pain, and the backpack hunched him over. 
Theyd began the journey at Occoneechee State Park. It was twenty-six hundred acres of wilderness and campgrounds beside the lake, named after the Indian tribe that once ruled the area. Andr had hidden a motorboat their earlier in the week, and with Billy and Danas help, they launched it from one of the parks three boat launches. Billy was feeling good about the decision to purchase the wetsuits.
On the trip across the lake, the apprehension could be cut with a knife. Andr broke the quiet tension by opening up about his pre-Operation Anesthesia childhood. Billy wondered if it was a ploy to take everyones mind off the monumental task at hand. Or maybe he was preparing his obituary. If someone on the outside knew the story of his life, then maybe he really existed and his life would matter.
He didnt talk of the circumstances of being captured, or his time incarcerated at the camp. Instead, he chose to focus on his time growing up in Montreal, where he lived with his mother after his parents divorced. A strained marriage already, the stress of Andrs mysterious childhood illness turned out to be the breaking point. He proudly mentioned that he was named after fellow Montreal native, Andr Bessette, the miracle-curing priest who began St. Josephs Oratory. As they got closer to the shores of the plantation, Billy knew theyd need their own miracle to pull this off. 
Carolyn, as usual, was the least apprehensive. Logic said it was because her ignorance was bliss. But Billy knew she was just fearless by nature, unaffected by any circumstances, no matter how death defying. And she was focused on comparing the boat ride to the other forms of transportation shed recently experienced, which she listed, An airplane  a helicopter to the childrens hospital  Martins cab  a motorcycle, a van. She let out a theatrical sigh, And too many trains to count.
Which did you like best? Andr asked.
Her face scrunched in thought. Id haff to say the train.
Why is that?
No car seats in the train.
He nodded knowingly. It is never good to be confined in this world. Even if it minimizes risk, or if the trip is bumpier without it. Freedom is oxygen to the soul.
She giggled. You talk funny.
Andr smiled as he patted her on the head. But any good feeling was fleeting. It was now time to get down to business.
They anchored the boat about twenty feet off shore. Andr explained that Operation Anesthesia went to painstaking lengths to never call attention to themselves. And hundreds of boats like theirs passed this spot each day. So nobody would be shooting at them out on the lake. But once inside, all bets would be off. Nobody had ever penetrated Operation Anesthesia before. 
Andr dove in firsta rope attached his rucksack to his wetsuit. As big of a struggle as walking was for him, he effortlessly glided through the watereven pulling the heavy sackhis joints appearing whole once again. Dana was right behind him.
Billy carried the most precious cargoCarolyn rode on his back, a swimming version of the piggyback rides he often gave her. And just like those, her hands eventually found their way around his neck and she unintentionally choked him. But he was still able to get her safely to shore. 
Hidden a few hundred yards inside the exterior brush was a fifteen-foot high, stone built wall that looked like an 18th-century fort. It was most likely created to keep out the Occoneechees, but the current security methods went far beyond the height of the wall, or the numerous private property-no trespassing signs planted nearby. According to Andr, the interior wall was lined with an invisible, electric fence that would fry you instantly. They could scale the outside, but once inside, there was no retreating back over the fence.
That was one reason the plan called for only Andr to go onto the plantation grounds. Another was that he felt the rest of them would complicate the process. The mission for Billy and his crew was to help Andrs debilitated body over the fence, then return to the van and prepare for a getaway at the front entrance. Andrs plan was to take advantage of the current vacuum of leadership to find and free his mother, along with Chuck and Beth. No easy task, and he would have to shoot his way out. But they knew this was their only chance.
Andr got right to the first order of business. He took out the rifle from his pack and screwed on a silencer. He aimed at the hidden hunters perch, which was built into one of the thick trees that surrounded the wall. If Andr hadnt told them it was there, they would never have noticed it. 
Just before firing, Andr turned hesitant. Billy understood his dilemma. The guard in the tree was most likely a CIPA kid taken from his home in the middle of the night. They might have been friends or shared the bond of the battlefield. But then Billy saw a steadfastness appear over Andrs face like a solar eclipse, blocking out any other emotion. He squeezed the trigger. The shot was drowned out by the squawking of the morning birds. The guard slumped over, dead.
They had to move quickly. Billy boosted Andr onto his shoulders, and then helped raise him to the top of the wall. The top was about two-feet wide, and unlike the interior wall, safe to the touch. Once he was in position on the wall, it was time for the part of the plan Billy anguished over all night. The part Dana had begged them not to attempt. But there was no other way.


Chapter 81

A security camera sat on a tree just inside the fence. It was pointed at the exact spot on the plantation grounds where Andr would land after leaping off the top of the fence. He knew he would set off the silent alarm, regardless. But if the camera could be manually moved to the right, it would create a false negative, giving him enough time to disappear. It wouldnt buy him a lot of time, but fractions of a second would determine success or failure. Life or death.
Problem was, none of the adults were small enough to maneuver across the top of the wall to a position where they could turn the camera. It was bulletproof, so shooting it down was not an option. That left one possibility. Carolyn got on top of Danas shoulders, and Dana subsequently got on Billys shoulders. They raised Carolyn to the top of the wall and Andr pulled her up.
Please be careful, Dana muttered.
Take it slow, Billy whispered.
Carolyn looked at him like he was speaking Greek. Her fearlessness worried him most. But he was also concerned that her sneakers, still wet from the swim across the river, might cause her to slip.
She began taking baby steps along the top of the wall like she was walking the tightrope at the circus. She wasnt graceful. She wobbled a couple of times and Dana looked like she was physically holding back a scream. Carolyn needed to cover approximately ten to fifteen feet, but for Billy and Dana it might as well have been a mile. It was excruciating to watch her, but she made it effortlessly, and then looked back, flashing a proud of herself grin.
Now turn the camera that way. Billy said with a point, and strongly adding, really slow.
As Carolyn reached for the camera, Dana held her breath. Andr was ready to leap into enemy territory the moment the camera was turned. All their fates were resting on a four-year-old girl.
Just as she was about to move the camera, a scared look overtook her face and she hopped backward. Billy saw what she saw. It was the Stipe Security logo on the camera, the two Ss.
Snakes, she said, frozen with fear.
Its okay, Carolyn, its just a picture, Billy tried to calm her.
She looked ready to jump out of her skin. Snakes, naps, and dragons were Carolyns version of Kryptonite. Then, as if the camera were awoken from a slumber, it hissed a mechanical sound and auto-shifted positions. It startled Carolyn, causing her to lose her balance. Whoa, was the last thing Billy heard her say.
Carolyn! Dana screeched.
She disappeared from view, falling onto the plantation grounds. Billy instinctively scaled the wall, a feat Spiderman might marvel at, purely fueled by an adrenaline rush. 
Andr leaped down toward her, landing painlessly with a graceful somersault
Billy wasnt surprised by what he witnessed from his vantage point on top of the wall. Without a hint of pain, Carolyn picked herself off the groundbloodied, but not feeling it. But she was still scared and disorientated. She ran away from the fence, the camera tracking her every move.
Billys heart sank again. He could see the armed men in the distance, maybe twenty of them, and they were headed toward Carolyn. An army marching over the horizon, rumbling through the morning fog. It was like watching your child fall into the lion cage at the zoo. Hed never been so scared in his life.
Whats happening, Billy? Dana called to him desperately.
Go to the boat, Dana! he yelled back at her. Somebody had to be saved.
Andr ran after the girl. As smoothly as he swam, he struggled to run, each step was agonizing for Billy to watch. It was as if his head and joints werent on the same page. The rucksack must have been weighing him down, because he shed it. But he was still holding his high-powered rifle. He didnt seem fazed that there were twenty of them versus only one of him. He had the same fearlessness as Carolyn.
The sight of the soldiers sent Carolyn back in Billys direction. Dragons are coming! she yelled. 
Andr tried to change direction also, but fell. He rose and took shots at the oncoming army, who were once his comrades. It bought him a few seconds to struggle to his feet and head toward Carolyn. When he saw where she was headed, he yelled, No, Carolyndont touch the fence!
Billy wanted to jump in, but knew it would be suicide. If he died, then she died. He was going to go anyway, but Andr threatened to shoot him if he did. The message was clearthe success of the mission trumped Billys loyalties.
Carolyn wasnt listening. Billy knew the only things registering in her mind were Dragons and Get to Billy. He represented safety. But in this case, he was anything but.
Carolynstop! Billy yelled.
It didnt register. She ran faster, rapidly closing in on the wall that would fry her instantly.
Andr dropped his gun and used the last burst of energy he had left in his crumbling body. As fast as the Anesthesia soldiers closed the gap on him, he closed in on Carolyn. His limbs were twisting in discombobulated angles as he ran.
Billy  Im coming  dragons! Carolyn yelled as she ran toward her sure death.
Billy was paralyzed with fear. All he could do was watch and hope for a miracle.
Thankfully Andr didnt freeze. He caught Carolyn from behind and hog-tied her to the ground, just inches from being electrocuted. 
But they still faced a big problem. The soldiers had surrounded them, and the wall couldnt be scaled. They were trapped. Custer faced better odds.
Andr looked at Carolyn, and then at Billy on top of the wall. The well-trained army was cutting off their path in the other direction. Billy could tell his mind was made up. Carolyn was better off dead than spending the rest of her life without freedom. Billy believed nobody had the right to be playing God with anybodys life, but he was comfortable that if Carolyn had the facts, she would agree. As would Chuck and Beth.
Andr struggled to pick her up. He wasnt tall enough to put her on his shoulders and have Billy pull her up. The only chance was to throw her.
Andr cradled her in his arms, swinging in a rocking motion, trying to build momentum. He would need all he could get. Carolyn was light, but Andrs joints were weak, and fifteen feet was high. Billy braced to catch her. He hoped.
Move and well shoot, yelled the military leader in a robotic voice. 
They were out of time.
Andr released Carolyn and she flew towards the top of the wall. At first she looked like she might fly over Billys head, but then her momentum hit an immovable object called gravity. She hovered for a second, and then began to plummet like one of those birds Chuck shot during their hunting excursion. She wasnt going to make it.
Billy reached out desperately to grab her. As he did, she hit the top corner of the wall and caught her ankle. Her body ricocheted back toward Billy, crashing into him, and they awkwardly tumbled off the wall. Billy wrapped his arms around her to protect her. She might not have felt the pain, but she could do major damage to her small body and internal organs.
They pounded to the ground with a thud. 
On the safe side! 
Billy had once dislocated his collarbone playing football, and instantly knew hed done it again. He grimaced as he snapped it back into place. The pain was overwhelming, but when he looked at Carolyn, who was still very much free and alive, he realized the pain was the best feeling hed ever felt.
They ran to Dana, who was manning the getaway boat. As they sped away over the morning water, Billy kept looking back at the shrinking wall in the distance. He kept hoping for Andr to come barreling over it, but he knew he wouldnt. Andr had sacrificed himself for Carolyn. 
Another grim truth hit him. They might have just missed their last chance to save Chuck and Beth. And now with Jordan out of the way, and the plantation security breached, there was a good chance that Operation Anesthesia would, retreat to the darkness like a vampire, only to be seen again when they thirsted for blood. 
Billy took one last look at the fence, hoping for a miracle.
None came.


Chapter 82

Beth awoke Monday morning in mid-nightmare. So she did what she always did when having a bad dreamshe wrapped her arms around Chucks broad, bare chest and pulled herself as close to him as possible. In her dream, Carolyn was being chased by the trainers, who were shooting at her as she ran toward Billy. It wasnt much different from her other dreams since shed arrived, but for some reason this one felt more real.
She knew Chuck wasnt having any dreams at all, since hed barely slept since theyd arrived. He was fighting them with all his might, but agreed to stay with Beth the last few nights. She needed him, and that overruled everything for him, even if it meant giving in to what the trainers wanted. And she appreciated it more than ever. The hanging of Miss Rose had really shaken her up.
While Chuck was fighting the quicksand, Beth took up the Miss Rose strategy of cooperation. As Mrs. B used to say, its impossible to spell convert without con. She was trying to somehow communicate her plan to Chuckneeding him to join her in this strategy. But she wasnt getting through to him, and he was becoming increasingly annoyed with her compliance.
But it wasnt all bad news. As Miss Roses eyes were getting ready to roll back into her head, and her breaths became shallow, Jordan signaled his men to cut her down. It was followed by an announcement about his plantation not believing in violence, but what they witnessed was an example of what could happen if someone in the future broke the golden rule.
Beth was thrilled that her friend was still alive and kickingliterallytaking out her displeasure on Jordans men with her foot, after she was cut down. But Beth had to keep her distanceMiss Rose now wore the Scarlet Letter within the community. And if Beth was going to play the part of a convert, then she couldnt be connected to her in any way.
But there was an even more lasting memory etched in her mind from the hanging ceremony. It was that woman. Beth spent most of Sunday wandering the grounds, hoping for a chance meeting. Was it an illusion? Were they slipping mind-altering drugs in the food that caused hallucinations? Could that have really been her? 
Chuck pulled Beth close and smiled at her.
Good morning, she said, gripping him tightly.
Any day that these bastards dont get Carolyn is a good day.
Beth said nothing, still unable to shake the feeling that Carolyn was present. 
She could tell that Chuck couldnt take it anymore. He wouldnt let her lose her will to fight, or become one of the soulless ghosts wandering the grounds. I know theyre listeningI dont give a shit, he shot angrily.
Thats not it, Chuck.
Then what is it?
Maybe this place would be good for her.
Excuse me, eh? 
Lets face it, we cant give her what she needs. We had to mooch off of Dana just to get her a bike for her birthday. Its safe hereno crime, no worries, and there are a lot of other children just like her. And on top of that, the worlds best CIPA doctor is located right here on the premises.
I cant believe you would say such a thing.
Shes better off here than on a wild goose chase with that violent wife-beater.
Billy is not like that, and you know it.
The photos dont lie.
Beth 
All Im saying is have an open mind. Change is always hard, but maybe in this case its for the best.
Have they threatened you?
Im just a pragmatic mother who wants the best for her daughter.
She could tell she just pushed Chuck over the ledge. He stood up on the bed, all six-foot-six of him, and began yelling at the spot he thought cameras were hidden. You will never get Carolyn! Shes too smart for you!
No  please, Beth pleaded.
He kneeled back down on the bed and held Beth steady by both her shoulders. Listen to me. I love youyou are my everything. That stuff about me and Carolyn being your angels is bullshit. Youre our angel.
Beth broke down. She couldnt act anymore. Miss Rose did it for twenty yearsshe lasted a couple days. I miss her so much.
I do too, Chuck said. 
What are we going to do?
For starters, yell at them. Itll make you feel better. 
He helped her to a standing position on the bed, and encouraged her to scream at the walls. I know youre listening. Youll never catch her, Beth screamed.
Chuck stood with her on the bed and wrapped his arms around her. I will do whatever it takes to keep her safe. But I need youI cant do it alone.
She pulled him as close as humanly possible. I love you so much.
The moment was intense. And for some reason it felt to Beth like they were saying their goodbyes.
An ear-splitting alarm cut short their embrace. Within seconds, a couple of camouflage dressed trainers burst into their room.
Chuck was immediately handcuffed, which perplexed Beth, since hed done much worse since his arrival. She ran directly at the man who was cuffing her husband and began hitting and slapping him. The guard easily overpowered her, shoving her to the ground. But it was still worth it.
The alarm kept booming, making it near impossible to hear or think. The trainer shouted at the top of his lungs, There has been a security breachwe are taking you in for your own protection.
Beth again felt Carolyns presence. Run, Carolyn, Run!
Chuck was led in one direction, Beth in another. They traded one last look that said they could be physically separated, but not the bond between them.
Beth was brought a short distance down the hallway to a thick, vault-like door she had wondered about. The trainer punched in an electronic code and the door opened. Beth was then led inside a huge concrete room the trainer referred to as the security room. 
The room was as crowded as a New York subway car. Beth viewed her fellow inmates, and for the first time many of them looked human to her. Most appeared scared and out of sorts. She got the feeling there werent a lot of security breaches at the plantation. This was new territory. 
Beth felt their struggle. They were living a normal life just like her, and then one day learned their child had a strange disease. And although they had challenges ahead, the diagnosis provided relief. But before they could even process their new reality, they ended up enslaved in Creepyville. Beth thought back to just over a week ago when she sat with Chuck, Billy, and Carolyn on movie night. It might as well have been two lifetimes ago.
The heavy door slammed shut, locking them in. It was hard to get air. Beth noted that there was only a lone vent in the upper right hand corner. The room was painted pink, in what she thought was a pathetic attempt to psychologically disarm the captives.
After fifteen excruciating minutes, the pounding of the alarm mercifully stopped. Beths senses slowly came back, allowing her to focus on her surroundings, and thats when she saw the woman. She had aged, and not like a fine wine. Her face was lined with the deep wrinkles of despair and she wore twenty years of baggage under her eyes. But she had a different look than the other contented zombies whod lost their will. It was the same look of determination Beth often saw in the mirror, or in Carolyns eyes.
The woman also saw her. And even though Beth was only four years old the last time they saw each other, she recognized her. They moved toward each other as if in a trance. You never forget your mother, no matter how young you were, or how hard you try to block her out of your life because it is too painful to think about her not being there. 
Mom? Its meBeth. 
Beth, she said with amazement, but then her joyful look dissipated to defeat. After all these years, they finally found you. 
Beth stumbled on her words. How  but  I dont understand.
They stood motionless, too stunned to even hug. Her mother finally reached out and took Beth by the hand, walking her to the corner of the room. Is Mrs. B okay? She was the only one I trusted to leave you with.
Beth was first surprised by the statement, but then put it togethershe wasnt abandoned after all. She took great care of me, but passed away when I was just eight.
Her mother seemed to be calculating the many years since Beth was eight. The answer wouldnt be pretty, nor would the tale that followed. The story began with her brother Nathans genetic disorder, which was diagnosed by a doctor in New York named Naqui. Her mother thought they were after Nathan to use him as a guinea pig for medical research and planned to silence the rest of the family. I had no idea it was something like this, she said with a sad shake of the head.
She then provided blow-by-blow details of that Christmas Day, almost twenty-one years ago. How she conspired with Mrs. B to hide and raise Beth as her own, recalling the desperate call she made to her from the train station that Christmas after leaving the doctors office, as she felt Operation Anesthesia closing in around them. Mrs. B vowed to never divulge the story to anyone, ever. She didnt even discuss it with her husband, agreeing to protect Beth at any cost.
Like a wave crashing ashore, it all started coming back to Beth. The memories she had lodged so deep in her subconscious were now journeying into the light. She remembered her mother at the train station, with tears in her eyes, telling Beth that she was going to live with Mrs. B, the woman she worked with at school. But she also remembered her mothers warning, Elizabeth, you can never-ever tell anyone that the train is taking you to Mrs. B, do you understand? She only called her Elizabeth when she meant business.
But Beth did tell somebodythat nice man named Joe on the trainand now she remembered how guilty she felt, like shed let her mother down. So from that point on she hid the information of that day where nobody could ever find it, including herself. 
It was like a bird swooped down and swept the giant burden off Beths shoulders. Feeling suddenly free, she moved to the next topic of the many queued up in her mind, Is Nathan here? 
Her mothers expression mixed pride and sadness. He died years ago in battle. He always knew you were out there, Beth, and he thought what he was doing might contribute to keeping you safe, along with those like his friend Richard Kiely. Operation Anesthesia was the first group that ever accepted him and made him feel like he was special. Not like those children back in Schenectady who treated him like a freak.
Beth was distresseddid they brainwash her too? She wanted her mother to be strong like Miss Rose. So you are saying you agree with what they do here?
Not at all. Your brother died a hero, even if he was representing an institution that was anything but heroic. He didnt fight for themhe fought for you.
There was still one person she hadnt mentioned. What about Dad?
He was here with me. He died shortly after Nathan was killed. They said it was a heart attack, but I think he lost the will to live after losing you and Nathan. You two meant so much to him. She teared up, I miss him so much. He was such a good man.
Beth hugged her mother, and it felt right. Like riding a bike. When they unlocked the embrace, she asked, The disease Nathan had, it was CIPA wasnt it?
Her mother looked surprised. How did you know that?
You have a granddaughter named Carolyn. She also has CIPA. I was a carrier. Thats why my husband and I were brought here.
Her mothers face filled with sadness. Beth knew what triggered it: the mention of her husbandshe had missed her daughters wedding. It stood as the symbol of missing out on every milestone in her life.
Beth remembered something else. Her mothers name was Carol Ann. All these years she could never remember it. Even when the police grilled her, or through extensive hypnosis. What is your mothers nameI dont know! But now she knew she subliminally named Carolyn after her.
Is she here  Carolyn? her mother asked.
Not yet.
Goodif she is anything like you, it will take them a long time.
They continued to talk and hug. Carol Ann eventually told Beth, as gently as one could, that she had nine brothers and sisters on the plantation. Beth didnt know what to do with that one.
Finally Carol Ann broke down with guilt and said, I failed you.
Beth wouldnt hear of such a thing. But she was a mother, so she understood where such a feeling would come from. You did everything you could. You gave me life and then sacrificed your own life to save mine. 
And Beth was sure she would do the same for Carolyn.


Chapter 83

Looking to regroup, they shed the wetsuits and headed back to Andrs apartment in Raleigh. Andr had left them the keys to both the van and the apartment. But they found the apartment decorated with yellow police tape. It looked like an early Halloween prank gone awry.
As a hunted fugitive, Billy didnt think police lights were the type of light they should be running toward. So he turned the van around and began driving the other direction. He turned the radio to an all-news station, trying to get an update. 
A suspect had been identified in the case of the murder of Dr. Samuel Jordan. His name was Tracey Jarvis. It was reported that the police had his apartment surrounded in Raleigh and were currently searching it. Dana checked the glove compartment and found Andrs fake identification. Sure enough, he was Tracey Jarvis.
According to the report, the motive was still unclear, but Jarvis van had been spotted by a couple of Duke students who were hiking in the Duke Research Forest shortly before the murder. The hikers grew suspicious of the supposed military man begging for change when he couldnt answer simple questions about his military background. They called the authorities and reported the license plate number of his van, thinking he might be running a scam. But it turned out to be much more than that, the radio announcer cryptically said.
Now in national news, there have been new findings in the case of the kidnapped child in New York.
One of the findings was a Billy Harper sighting in Montreal, just days after the Lake George fire. He was spotted with the girl on a mall security camera. Another at a train station in Schenectady, where he arrived the night prior to the school shooting. The motorcycle he used during the shooting at Elmer Avenue Elementary was recovered at that same train station, and the new theory was that he had returned to Montreal by train. Still no comment from Carolyns parents in seclusion.
Billy drove as fast as he could without attracting attention. His destination was the parking area outside of the Duke Medical School, where theyd left their vehicle the day before during their Jordan stakeout. He was hoping the Camaro would still be there. But it wasnt. Probably towed. 
Regardless, they couldnt risk being spotted in the incriminating white van. They ditched it and speed-walked through the Duke campus. Carolyn negotiated for another round of face painting, but the bruises from her wall fall had already colored her face. She whined when she didnt get her way. Whining was usually a clear sign she was hungry. Billys stomach was also growling, so they walked off the campus to look for a place they could both eat and melt into the background. 
Carolyn suddenly pointed and said, Heythats where my Dad works.
Billy was first confused, but then realized what she meant. In front of them was a Durazzos restaurant with a Grand Opening banner draped over it. The place looked practically empty this morning, giving Billy a sudden craving for Mexican food.
After they were seated, Dana took Carolyn to the ladies room. She returned ten minutes later with what looked like a different little girl. Dana had used her skilled makeup artistry to cover up Carolyns numerous cuts and bruises. She also reported that Carolyns gunshot wound looked as good as a gunshot wound could look. Carolyn had one of her fevers, but Dana got her to take her medicine. Actually, she bribed her to take it in exchange for an enchilada. The breakfast of champions. 
They took a seat in a booth and stared with exhaustion at plastic menus. Billys attention was diverted to another Breaking News Alert playing out on a mounted television. The van had already been spotted on the Duke campus. It was less than twenty minutes since they ditched itthings were moving too fast.
Billy figured dashing out of the restaurant would lead to unwanted attention, so they stayed and ordered. But by the time their breakfast enchiladas arrived, his resolve had plummeted back to rock bottom. The police might not be onto them yet, but for all he knew, Operation Anesthesia could be in the next booth. Being spotted during the failed invasion was like sending them an engraved invitation, announcing they were in the area.
And then to return the favor, Billys name was announced for all the restaurant to hear. And it came from a voice he recognized.


Chapter 84

The voice came from a woman wearing a form-fitting, fluorescent-orange Durazzos T-shirt and a pair of short-shorts.
Shes shiny, Carolyn observed.
The few people in the place turned and looked. Billy couldnt figure out if they were looking at them because they heard the name of a notorious fugitive, or that people always turn and look at the stunning creature. He assumed the latter.
He almost laughed at how stupid his luck had become. It was like he beat the odds to win the lottery, but later found out it was the lottery of stoning that Shirley Jackson wrote of in her classic short story. They had outrun the authorities, convinced the FBI they were heading for Canada, and even had outmaneuvered the shadowy Operation Anesthesia for days. But he couldnt outrun Kaylee Scroggins.
Ive seen you on the news, Billy. Not only are you as good looking as George Clooney, but now youre more famous than him, she exclaimed.
He begged for quiet with his eyes, but she didnt seem to grasp the concept. Did you come to kidnap me, Billy? she said with a flirty grin.
We just happened to be in the neighborhood.
I didnt say it like it was a bad thing, she said, and flashed Dana a competitive glare. And you are? 
Im the only woman here wearing clothes, Dana shot back. I think the better question is, who are you?
Im the best Billy ever had.
The two glared at each other, only to be broken up by Carolyn joining the introductions. Im Carolyn Whitcomb, but you can call me princess. 
Im going to be sick, Billy mumbled to himself. On another day in another life, his ego might have taken a bow. But today he was just getting a migraine.
The more Billy thought about it, the more he realized Kaylees presence wasnt just dumb luck. Kaylee attended Duke, and at last check, was quasi-dating Sal Durazzo. It made perfect sense that she was here. What didnt make senseand could probably use some explanationwas why were they here? Which gave him an idea. He grabbed Kaylee by the arm and said, We gotta talk.
I dont know if talking is our strong point, but Im game.
Alone.
Alone is definitely one of our strong points.
She led him to an empty lounge by the bar. Once alone, her DNA took over, and she turned into the aggressor. She hopped up on the bar, wrapped her tanned legs around him, and pulled him as close as possible with those legs. So Billy, are you a member of the Chain Gang Club?
If the police catch me I will be.
Not that chain gang. The Chain Gang Club is like the Mile High Club, but instead of doing it in airplane lavatories, you do it in cheesy chain restaurants.
I once made out with my high school girlfriend in a Bennigans.
Doesnt count.
Says who?
She smiled wickedly. Im the club president. I have the final veto power. Now for your initiation. 
He put up a stop sign. Listen, Im in a tight spot right now.
If you play your cards right, youll be in an even tighter spot.
The police are after us.
She actually gleamed. I know.
Billy understood his advantage. He knew women like Kaylee Scroggins. In fact, he married one. She wasnt truly hot for him. She was hot for the guy who would piss off her father. And in the pantheon of bad boys, Billy Harpernotorious kidnapper on the runjust moved to the top of the list. 
His guess was that Kaylee hadnt thought for two seconds about their tryst, which was probably just a combination of boredom and a few too many drinks for her. But ever since Billy hit the national news for all the wrong reasons, he was suddenly back on her radar. She would eventually dump him to marry a senator, but that was another story for a different day. Todays story was all about survival, and using everything he could to ensure it.
He moved in and kissed her. This time his tongue was the serpent. When he released her lips, he said, I need you to do something for me.
You know I will, baby.
He kissed her again, long, and then came up for air. I dont have time right now, the cops are on my tail.
He could feel her quiverthe bad boy wins again. I need your car. And I need you to keep your mouth shut about me coming to see you.
Without a second thought, she reached into the pocket of her short-shorts, which somehow could fit a pair of keys. She tossed them to him. Its the Mercedes out back. Cant miss itthe license plate says Kaylee.
He kissed her again, and then began to walk away without even a thank you.
Hey Clyde, she shouted to him, breathlessly.
He turned back to her. Yeah? 
Do you need a Bonnie?
He glanced into the dining area where Dana was patiently tying Carolyns shoe. He smiled. No, I got all the Bonnies I can handle right now.


Chapter 85

Billy returned to the table with keys to Kaylee Scroggins Mercedes, receiving a dirty look from Dana. She turned to Carolyn and said, Do you want to hear a joke? 
Carolyn never met a joke she didnt like, and energetically agreed.
How do you get Kaylee into bed?
Carolyn shrugged. I dont know, is it her nap time?
No, all you have to do is ask her.
Carolyn laughed dramatically, even though she had no idea what she was laughing at.
Real appropriate, Billy said.
But he had bigger battles to wage. The good news was that they still hadnt been connected to Tracey Jarvis and the Dr. Jordan murder, but they needed to get out of here before that changed. Which was inevitable once somebody put together that the kidnapped Carolyn Whitcomb had been Jordans patient. But where would they go?
Billy looked up at the mounted TV like he was searching for a sign from a higher power. The news program was showing clips from the morning session of the Senate hearings on the Iran hostage debacle, including some nasty exchanges between Billys good friend, Senator LaRoche, and Kerry Rutherford, who was in charge of U.S. intelligence. And with that one small glance, he had found his higher power.
And just as importantly, they now had a vehicle to get there. The bad news was that in their continuing effort to remain low profile, Kaylees hot pink Mercedes was anything but. Although Carolyn did seem impressed, Whoathats a real princess car!
Billy explained his plan to Dana during their four-hour trip to D.C. Dana was a little chippy following Billys brief rendezvous with Kaylee, and grilled him like a district attorney, poking many obvious holes in his plan. Some of it was out of spite, but most of her points were legit. And by the time the regal rotunda of the Capitol was staring them in the eye, Dana had a better plan. She instructed him to drive past D.C. and into Maryland, where they landed before a large Victorian home in a swanky looking suburb. It was the home of her old Washington Post boyfriend, Sam Spiegel.
Dana got on the phone. Hey Samits Dana Boulanger, she said in her most flirtatious voice. After listening for a moment, she added, Im at your house right now. I thought about your offer in New York, and it must be your lucky day because I reconsidered.
Listening pause.
Oh please, Sam, the Senate has hearings every time the wind changes direction. This is a last shot opportunity for you.
Another listening pause.
Your wife didnt seem to matter when you were in New York.
Brief pause.
Then you better hurry up before she gets back. I promise to be a good girl this time and not break the bed like we did that time in my apartment.
She not-so-subtly glanced at Billy. He got the messagetwo can play this gameand she ended the call.
Hes on his way. Hes covering the Senate hearings, but to be fair, who would you rather spend an afternoon with, me, or some crotchety old senators?
You broke a bed? he couldnt resist asking.
She smiled at his obvious jealousy.
Did you get in trouble when you broke your bed? Carolyn asked. 
Danas face reddened; theyd forgotten she was there.
The whole relationship was regrettable, bed and all, Dana recovered.
Whats regret-ta-bull?
When we wish we didnt make some of the decisions we made, we call it regret.
Like when I did the Dracula joke?
Exactly.
Her face drooped. I regret having Congenital Insensitivity to Pain with Anhidrosis. Because it makes us go to doctors, and leave my room and my mommy and daddy, and drive around in trains and cars all day.
Danas face intensified. You should never say that. You are a special little girl!
And its not so bad, you got to ride on a motorcycle and in a pink princess car, Billy said. He and Dana then continued trading and got tos.
And got to ride on a choo-choo train. 
And got to paint your face and go le shopping.
And got to go swimming.
And how many little girls get to get shot? 
Dana flashed Billy a dirty look for the last comment. And besides, you cant regret something you cant control. We can only regret the decisions we make, Dana explained with the patience of a kindergarten teacher.
Carolyn soaked in the encouragement. Billy wondered if shed been holding in a feeling of guilt this whole trip, or maybe it was just the last thing that flew into her mind and would just as quickly evaporate. It was hard to tell with a four-year-old.
A smile emerged from her silence. Then I guess I haff nothing else I regret.

An hour later, Sam Spiegel appeared out of his Mercedes, which was colored a more conservative silver. His suit was expensive and his surfer-blond hair flopped as he walked with a swagger that was closer to cocky than confident. As he got closer, his face tensed. He was a street-smart reporter and recognized a setup when he saw one.
Hello, Sam, Dana said.
What the hell is this? he demanded.
I thought Id come over so we could dredge up the past while your wife is away.
He was livid. You brought a kidnapper slash wife-beater to my house? What are you thinking, Dana? I know youre about as sharp as a plastic butter knife, but 
Shew cut him off. Were staying the night.
Are you crazy? My wife 
She wont have to worry her pretty little socialite head. The kidnapper and I are going to sleep on the couch. If you havent figured it out, Im not really interested in being in your bed.
You need to go before I call the police.
Dana then preyed on his most primal of instincts. Even more powerful than the one that just pulled him away from the Senate hearings. 
I have a feeling, Sam, that you will trade your wifes anger for the story of a lifetime.


Chapter 86

Billy hid behind his menu at the Park Promenade restaurant, located in the Hyatt Regency Hotel on Capitol Hill. He eventually worked up the nerve to take a peek out at his past.
The pretentious-looking woman sat by herself at the far end of the dining area. Her long blonde locks were tied up in a conservative bun. From her sitting position, she appeared to be wearing one of those Hillary-esque pantsuits. She looked, for the most part, as he expected. But he did take some solace in her weight gain. The mind works in strange ways, he thought.
Carolyn, dressed like it was Easter Sunday, sans bonnet, stopped slurping on the straw of her empty lemonade and asked, Whos that lady you keep staring at?
He guessed he wasnt as smooth as he thought. An old friend.
How come you dont look happy to see an old friend?
What?
If someones your friend, you should haff a happy face when you see them.
I dont?
You need to turn your frown upside down.
Hows this? he said and made a goofy face.
She giggled, closed her eyes, and then distorted her face. Hows this?
Not as good as this, he said, stretching the corners of his mouth toward his ears and sticking out his tongue.
Carolyn giggled. Youre silly!
A few moments later, another woman entered the busy dining area. She walked directly to the table of the blonde woman in the blue suit. This woman had dark hair and her pink power-suit with skirt bottom had more of a Jackie Kennedy flair to it.
Carolyn pointed. Heywhy is Aunt Dana sitting with your old friend?
It was a good question, but he didnt have the time at the moment to explain it. The simple answer was that thirty seven states have laws that cap campaign contributions. Pennsylvania was not one of them.
After arriving at Sam Spiegels house yesterday afternoon, Dana made a call to the offices of Pennsylvania Senator Oliver LaRoche. She told them a story that went something like 
A few years back she was told by her doctors, late in a pregnancy, that her life was in danger. They strongly advised a late-term abortion, which she was eventually talked into. But the night before, God talked to her and told her to keep her baby, even it if meant giving up her own life. She did just that, against doctors orders, and thankfully mother and daughter were both now very much alive and thriving. 
The story was fiction. But for Senator Oliver LaRoche, a staunch supporter of the pro-life movement, at least until the pro-choice people start paying him more, it was a photo-op he couldnt refuse. And if the story didnt do the trick, Dana offered to pledge $150,000 to his campaign. The only catch was that she must deliver it in person to LaRoche on Tuesday, which was the anniversary of the symbolic day that God talked to her. She had already traveled to D.C. on the hope she could meet him. 
Billy knew they would do a background check on Dana to make sure she wasnt a kook, or more importantly, didnt have the money. What they likely found was that Dana Boulanger was the owner of a small literary agency, and had a large trust fund. She was the daughter of well known political lawyer Tom Boulanger, and the granddaughter of the very wealthy John Boulanger, who had a history of giving large sums of money to political campaigns of those sympathetic to his personal needs. Dana was a chip off the old-money block. 
They called her back an hour later with the news that Senator LaRoche could not leave the Iran hostage hearings he chaired on such short notice. When Dana informed them it was a deal-breaker, they made a counter offer in which the senators wife, Kelly Klein-LaRoche, would meet Dana on Tuesday in place of her husband, at the restaurant of Danas choice. Dana agreed. With more time at their disposal, they could have found the connection between Dana and the ex-husband of the senators wifeBilly Harperbut Billy bet the six-figure donation would cloud their minds, and he was right. 
He watched Dana and Kelly chitchat for fifteen minutes or so, continuing to grip the weapon in his hand. It wasnt a gunhe couldnt shoot straight anyway. It was an article written by Sam Spiegel for the front page of tomorrows Washington Post. They pulled an all-nighter to complete it, and Billy was confident it would help get him what he needed. Sam had put together most of it from his research, but he needed a firsthand witness like Billy to tie it all together, filling in all the missing details. The details LaRoche thought were buried forever.
The transfer of the money envelope from Dana to Kelly was the signal. At this point, Dana was to notify Kelly that her husband and their miracle daughter were present in the restaurant, but just too shy to meet Senator LaRoches esteemed wife. Kelly would then predictably do her political due diligence and invite them over, so she could shower them with fake smiles and exploit the situation to the fullest. Billy was going to make her work hard for that hundred and fifty grand.
On Danas wave, Billy stood and buttoned the jacket of the Armani suit he borrowed from Sam Spiegel. He grabbed Carolyns hand and moved toward their table. He held the threatening article in his hand like a gun. This time he was going to pull the trigger. 


Chapter 87

As he approached the table, Billy noticed Kellys pageant smile rip away like a Halloween mask. She morphed into the Cold Klein character hed gotten to know so well during their last years of marriage. Kleins Beer once had an advertising campaign featuring the slogan, nothing beats the heat like a cold Klein. As a writer, he knew irony when he saw it.
What do you want with me? she greeted him, her face twitching with disgust.
I want very little to do with you, now or ever.
Then why did you have your girlfriend set me up? Or should I say your accomplicethats what you felons call it, correct?
I want a meeting with your husband.
If you havent heard, hes running the Senate hearings today. Senators dont have all day to fool around, her gaze purposely wandered to Carolyn, like kidnappers do.
Those were fighting words to Carolyn, or any kid. WhoaI just took a nap. This kid doesnt need any napping.
Kelly ignored her and signaled for the matre d.
Call Oliver now and set up a meeting at your house for this afternoon, Billy demanded.
I cant do that. And why would I?
As he looked at her, Billy had no philosophical thoughts of love and love lost. He no longer loved her, but two emotions shot through him. One was anger for what she had taken from him. The other was his survival instinctKelly might be the last link to save Carolyn.
He took out the stapled printout of what would be tomorrows front-page headline. Sam Spiegel of the Post has been working on the story of what really happened that night and the ugly events that led up to it. Having been there, I was able to fill in a few blanks for him.
Kelly made another appeal for the matre d. He was moving toward them so fast he must have thought he was the one getting the hundred and fifty grand. Another day, another uppity senators wife. In this case it was the wife of the Majority Leader.
You mean the one where you broke into the home I was using to hide from my abusive husband, threatening to shoot people, and then we cut you the deal of the lifetime by dropping the charges? Which by the way was Olivers ideaI wanted you to rot in jail. I also remember the part of the deal that clearly stated that you must stay at least five hundred feet from me at all times. Not a real smart move coming here in front of a slew of witnesses. But then again, smart moves never really were your thing.
It was a deal of a lifetime he never agreed to. He would never have in a million years. It was imposed by those too powerful to fight back against. But now he was going to make a counter offer. 
The article has a different view of the events, and any deal that followed.
Youre going to jail.
Problem with that is I will only get one phone call, and Ill have to use it to call my lawyer. And if Sam doesnt get my phone call to stop the article, this will hit the front page of tomorrows Post.
She angrily skimmed the article. Who is going to believe a suspected kidnapper?
People love a good story. I particularly like the part about how you and Mr. Family Values were having an affair while his wife took her last breaths. And moved in together, pretending he was protecting you from me.
Well sue for libel, and Oliver will own the Washington Post. 
But the damage will already be done. And to win a libel suit youd have to prove it wasnt true, and I think we both know 
The mustached matre d arrived, cutting him off. Is this man bothering you, Mrs. LaRoche?
She took another glance at the article. It hadnt changed. She looked up at the matre dKleins werent used to being the ones getting bullied. I was just wondering if you could bring my friend and the young lady a chair.
The matre d momentarily left, before returning with chairs for Billy and Carolyn. When he left to wait on another important-looking woman in a power-suit, Kelly began with indignation, What do you want  money? 
I told you, I want to meet with Oliver this afternoon.
Thats impossible. And besides, the children will be home from school shortly.
She was a Klein, which meant she didnt play fair. The comment knocked the wind out of him, but he regained his breath and pushed on. Make it happen or the article prints.
She looked him straight in the eye. It was the look that used to make his knees buckle, but he didnt even flinch.
I knew youd be back, she said with a look of disgust.
Sorry I couldnt be more accommodating to your new life.
Do you know how much I despise you?
I wasnt the one who cheated and left.
I guess we can never fully remove the mistakes of our past. They always come back to haunt us. And thats what you are, Billy, a mistake from my pastlike a bad drug habit. You stole so many years from me, and now youre here to try to steal my future. 
Im only interested in what you stole from me, he said, his voice choking back his words. Now stop stalling, or the article prints.
Without much of a choice, she stood to leave. When she did, Billy understood the weight gain.
Your tummy is big, Carolyn blurted.
Kelly smiled at her. Billy had seen that smile before.
Thats because Im going to have a baby.
Billys heart panged for the first time since seeing Kelly again. And it wasnt because the past love of his life was having somebody elses baby. It was the look she had flashed Carolyn. It reminded him of what Kelly Klein stole from him.
Theres a baby inside your tummy? Carolyn asked curiously.
Not for long, Im due any day now.
Did you eat it?
She chuckled lightly. No, God put the baby inside of me.
It looks like God made a mistake and put a grown-up in there!

The limo drove them the short distance to the LaRoches Washington row house, where they lived while the Senate was in session. It was in the Stanton Park neighborhood of Capitol Hill, halfway between Maryland Ave NE and Massachusetts Ave NE. It was only a short walk to the US Capitol, the Supreme Court, and Senate Office buildings.
It was also typical Oliver LaRoche. The area was once a dilapidated haven for crime, but had seen an upsurge in the last ten years and now was filled with tree-lined streets and couples walking their dogs. It was luxurious and priced in the millions, but still gave the impression he was living among the common people. If you play on both teams you can never lose the game.
Billy was quiet on the trip over. Dana tried to comfort him. She knew the truth, so she understood what this moment meant to him.
They entered a museum-like living room with high vaulted ceilings. Numerous photos hung on the walls, and filled the mantle of the fireplace. He wasnt surprised that none were of him, but many of them, especially the ones from recent family trips, taunted him. He fought himself not to look. His head felt like it was leaking oxygen and he needed to sit down. 
Twenty minutes after they arrived, the pitter-pattering sounds of childrens feet could be heard coming into the house. As they moved closer, the energetic chatter of seven-year-old twins echoed throughout the room. Billys knees buckled.
Anna  Maddie  were in here, Kelly yelled to them like she had a gun to her head. For all intents and purposes, she did.
The pitter-patter grew closer. Then the two girls appeared in the large doorframe of the living room and their chatter stopped. They froze, their eyes growing to the size of pie tins.
Their blond hair was tied in bows. They wore school uniforms and carried lunchboxes. They had grown a lot since Billy last saw them, and he immediately noticed so many subtle changes he might have overlooked without so much time apart.
He tried to talk, but he couldnt. He always knew he would see them again, but never prepared the words hed say. It was like death, everybody knows it will eventually come, but its too overwhelming a concept to think about. He was paralyzed.
It was surreal. Nobody could speak  except Carolyn. 
Hey Billylookits Peanut Butter and Jelly!


Chapter 88

Maddie, aka Jelly, was the first to react. It had always been her M.O. Daddy! she exclaimed and ran to Billy.
Annas nickname of Peanut Butter always fit. Jelly was the colorful flavor, but peanut butter was the solid base of the sandwich that held everything together. But the moment appeared too big for her, and she froze. Everything always rolled off Maddie, but Anna always connected to every emotion in the room. 
Billy locked eyes with her. They were his eyes. No parent would admit they have a favorite child, and he loved Maddie so much it hurt, but Anna was his favorite. The introspective onethe future writerthe sharp mind always hiding behind her shy demeanor.
With the urging of his eyes, she relented and ran to him. Billy picked up both girls in his arms as if he were carrying two bags of groceries. The pain in his shoulder was excruciating, but he couldnt feel it. They wrapped their small arms around his neck and pulled their faces close. They always liked to smell his cologne. 
He looked around the room and noticed Dana gulping back tears. Carolyn stood frozen, awestruck at seeing her bedtime-story heroes in the flesh, and was actually speechless. A rare moment indeed.
He hadnt come back to get Kelly, seek revenge on LaRoche, or shoot anybody that night. He came back to see his daughters. Having them taken away was the thing that ripped out his soul. He had never been able to bring himself to talk about it.
After learning of Kellys affair, hed confronted her, and was surprised that she didnt even make a strong attempt at denying it. Then she went on offense. It was a Klein traitas was never doing things halfway. She dropped the bomb that she was leaving him and taking the kids. She threatened that it would be in his best interest to not make any waves in her master plan, which was marrying LaRoche after his wife died, and erasing Billy from their new perfect life. This would also eliminate any political baggage for their predicted journey to the White House. 
Maddie and Anna were his life. The only thing that still mattered. He fought back, demanding joint custody. He threatened to go to the press and ruin Mr. Family Values if she pushed him.
But the all-powerful Klein/LaRoche team turned the story around on Billy. They created the fake photos of Kelly, her face beaten to a pulp. He was made out to be an abuser, stripping any credibility if he came forward with his claims. LaRoche spun his cozy relationship with Kelly as two friends comforting each other in their time of painLaRoches wife was dying, while Kelly was attempting to escape her abusive marriage. The court bought her lies and ordered Billy to stay away from her and the children indefinitely. Kelly moved the kids into the LaRoches Washington home, while he continued to act as if he were the knight in shining armor.
When Kelly left for Washington, she also brought their longtime nanny, Lucia. But Lucia never really cared for Kelly, who would constantly belittle her. Her loyalties had always been to the children, which was the reason she agreed to accompany them to D.C., and she didnt believe the lies that were being told about Billy. So she risked her job to sneak him into the house that night to see his children. 
Kelly and LaRoche were supposed to be out at a charity dinner for a shelter for abused women, which wasnt a coincidence. Only one letter separated shame, of which they had none, and sham. 
But before he could even get upstairs to the girls room, LaRoche showed up with his security detail. The fundraiser had been canceled. The security pounced on Billy, but during the struggle, he was able to wrestle away one of their guns. It became a standoff. He held the gun at LaRoche, a man who had taken his wife, his good name, and now wanted to take away his freedom. But most of all hed stolen what was most precious to himAnna and Maddie. 
At that point, Billy reached a dark layer most people dont want to admit exists within them. He was about to shoot and kill a United States senator, and was going to pull the trigger without a shred of remorse.
Thats when he heard Maddies voice on the stairwell. She was calling for Kellythought I heard Daddys voice. He was sobered to sanity and dropped the gun. The security force then dropped him, and he was arrested.
The final thing to be dropped were the charges, in a backroom deal between LaRoche and the judge, fearing word would leak of LaRoches affair if a trial took place. It was as if the whole thing never happened, a misunderstanding. But Billy still got the harshest of sentences. The judge was able to ban him from his childrens lives on the abuse charges, in a document that was sealed from the public for reasons of national security, which was still hard to believe.
He set the girls down lightly onto the hardwood floor. They were heavier than the last time he held them, over two years ago. He didnt know what to do or say, so he just made mundane conversation.
Youve gotten really big.
Anna just stared at him with googly eyes.
We missed you, Daddy, Maddie again took the lead.
I missed you too, he said, fighting back a tornado of emotions.
Did you like Australia? Anna finally talked.
Billy was at a loss. Then he caught a glimpse of Kelly out of the corner of his eye. Her guilty eyes moved to the floor. Australia was the cover story. It did have a nicer ring than the ugly truth.
He smiled at the girls. It was nice, but it wouldve been better if you were there.
Anna did a class project on Australia, Maddie spoke for her sister.
Class projects? The last time he saw them was their first day of kindergarten. He remembered having to cajole Anna inside the school after he dropped them off that morning. When he returned to pick them up, they were gone, and the only thing waiting for him was the initial restraining order that started this whole mess. Now they could probably read and write. Hed missed that. He missed so much.
Is that right? he asked Anna.
I like koala bears, she replied, her small voice still unsure.
And she plays the didgeridoo, Maddie said, pointing to a long, wooden instrument that rested against the wall. 
He continued the small talk, but wasnt really listening. He was too busy taking in every facial expression, and searching for something he hadnt seen before. The answers from the seven-year-olds were pretty bland anywayyes, no, good, I dont know.
Hows school?
Good, they said in unison.
Are they treating you well?
They looked strangely at him. Why wouldnt they? Yes.
What are you going to be for Halloween?
Princesses, they sung out in chorus, Maddies voice dominating.
The princess reference awakened Carolyn from her catatonic state. The children all locked eyes, and Billy was as good as forgotten. Whos that? the twins asked with curious joy.
Im Carolyn Whitcomb, and youre Peanut Butter and Jelly.
Do you wanna see our room? Maddie asked.
That sounds like fun!
Maddie went to Kelly and asked, Can we show Carolyn our room?
Kelly smiled. Only for a few minuteswe have dinner plans tonight.
When is our other dad coming home? Maddie asked.
Other dad? Billy felt like Mike Tyson just hit him with a gut-punch.
Kelly guiltily looked away again, focusing on the children. She flashed them the same look she provided Carolyn when shed asked about the girth of her abdomen in the restaurant. It was the look that always made the children feel safe. He wasnt about to call a woman who stole his children a good mother, but she was in many respects good for them. Even at the end when her heart iced over and she turned into Jacqueline Frost, she still displayed warmth for the girls.
Maddie ran up the stairs with Carolyn not far behind.
Anna waited for Billy. Can you come too? she asked.
No answer was necessary. He reached out and took her hand, and she led him upstairs into a room so pink it looked like a big piece of cotton candy.
He first noticed the pictures, including one of Anna and Maddie playing on a youth soccer team. He thought of the games hed missed. Another picture of them with their other dad at some important looking political event. Another in which they were flower girls in the Klein/LaRoche wedding. He swallowed hard.
He wandered to what he assumed was Annas dresser, where he found an ugly clay sculpture that spelled out her name in large block letters. To Billy, it was as beautiful a work of art as the Sistine Chapel. And while he had been erased in the living room like a Russian dissident in the Stalin era, his photos were still displayed on Annas dresser. Anna would never forget him; it meant he really existed.
Maddie began showing Billy the stuffed animal koala bears that lined Annas pink bedspread. Then she excitedly showed off her fish named Majority Leader, which he figured had something to do with that other dad.
But he wasnt upset. He saw two happy little girls. They werent sulking away their lives waiting for his return. They were resilient. It didnt exactly thrill his ego that they thought more highly of LaRoche than the Ebola Virus, but when it came to his children, his heart always trumped his ego, and he would sacrifice anything, including his own happiness, just to see a smile on their faces. 
The grown-up was long forgotten as the three children took turns blowing into the didgeridoo. It created horrible sounds that more resembled farting than music. The girls giggled.
But to keep the smiles glowing, especially Carolyns, Billy knew he had to get back to business. He quietly slipped out of the room and descended the stairs to confront his past. They didnt have much time. 


Chapter 89

Call him, Billy demanded.
He would never leave the hearing, Kelly put up a mild fight.
Did he stutter? Call him, Dana snarled. There was no love lost between the two women. And from the looks of things, it went beyond Dana scamming her into meeting. When Billy had returned to the room, Dana and Kelly were standing at opposite ends of the living room like two icebergs floating in frigid waters.
What would I even say? Kelly snapped back 
Tell him your water broke. Mr. Family Values wont miss a chance for a photo-op of him heroically taking his pregnant wife to the hospital.
Billy was right. As soon as the LaRoche got word, he made an announcement that he must shut down the hearings on account he had to be with Kelly as she gave birth. He got an ovation from the other senators, at least those in his party, and rushed home. Within minutes, a police escort delivered his limousine to his house on Capitol Hill.
Billy met him in the foyer, just inside the front entrance. Long time no see, Senator.
LaRoche jumped back. If it was possible to ruffle his perfectly gelled hair and expensive suit, the sight of Billy the (not so) friendly ghost did just that.
Jesuswhat the hell are you doing in my house?
I set up a play-date with my own children.
He shot a look at Kelly. Are you okay? he asked her like a concerned husband.
Her face said she wasnt sure. It also exposed that shed conspired against him. His gaze swelled with disappointment.
Where are the kids? he asked Kelly.
My kids are playing upstairs, Billy interjected.
Did you also bring the girl you kidnapped? LaRoche fired back.
You cant believe everything you read  can you, Senator?
Half the D.C. police department is waiting for us outside to escort Kelly and me to the hospital.
I suggest you tell them its a false alarm. For once, youd actually be telling the truth.
Youre going to jail, Harper.
Then I have nothing to lose, so this time I really am going to shoot you.
Billy reached into his pocket and aggressively whipped out an object. LaRoche flinched. It wasnt like he hadnt pulled a gun on him before.
This time he pulled out a piece of paper, but it was just as lethal as a gun. It was the same article he threatened Kelly with in the restaurantthe one that would be the cover of tomorrows Post, and then splashed all over the Internet blogs, talk radio, and cable news. The one that would be talked about at the water coolers. The one that would send his staff into damage control. The one that would end his run to the White House before it ever got started.
Bang-bang, he said with an unforgiving grin, and tossed it at LaRoche.
LaRoche scanned the article, his face sharpening. Do you know who youre messing with?
You already own the two most precious things in my life, so the way I see it, I have nothing to lose.
Your freedom.
If we both go down, you have a lot farther to fall, Senator.
What do you want?
I need your help.
He was confused by the request. It wasnt the expected answer.

Billy followed LaRoche into his office, a powerful oak desk anchoring the room. The wall behind the desk was lined with photos of a younger LaRoche, mugging for the camera with presidents like Reagan and Bush, along with numerous other Washington powerbrokers and world dignitaries.
Billy didnt have a lot of time to lose, so he gave the highlights version of everything he knew about Operation Anesthesia, including their interest in Carolyn. Then he made him a win-win offer. 
If Billy was telling the truth, and LaRoche was credited for taking down Operation Anesthesia, he would be hailed as a hero. But if this was a desperate hoax, then he would be credited with turning over an infamous fugitive. And after delivering Billy, he would be able to discredit him and Spiegel to the point that the Post wouldnt even have the guts to print the story. 
LaRoche blinked. I know the one person in the world who could possibly shed some light on this so-called Operation Anesthesia. 


Chapter 90

Kerry Rutherford, the head of U.S. intelligence, walked forcefully in LaRoches direction, a look of disdain on his face. So can we get to why you demanded my presence, Senator? Im sure you have some poll numbers to get back to. I, on the other hand, have lives to save.
After the media was informed that it was a false alarm on the pregnancy and ushered away, Rutherford was brought in through a secret back entrance. He wore a suit, looking out of place without his usual military uniform. He was possibly the most important man in the country when it came to keeping people safe, but for some reason he didnt make Billy feel safe. There was something in the layers of secrets behind his eyes.
Kerry, this is Billy Harper, LaRoche made the introduction, He has told me an interesting tale that I think is the concern of U.S. intelligence, 
Rutherfords brow crinkled. I know who he is, Senator. Hes the man you stole your children from. He turned toward Billy. Between you and me, Mr. Harper, I wouldve shot the son of a bitch.
Billy was surprised by the knowledge, but then remembered who he was talking to. They also seemed to have a common bond in despising LaRoche, which Billy hoped would aid him.
But let me say something, son, Rutherford continued, taking somebody elses kid is no way to get back at him.
LaRoche stepped in, Thats just it, Kerry. I think there might be extenuating circumstances on why he took the girl.
And this is a concern of national security? Rutherford asked, skeptically. 
Billy gave a yes sir nod. The intense Rutherford brought back memories of the first time he felt the wrath of Coach Blake during his freshman year.
Then lets hear it, Rutherford said, in between glances at his watch.
They moved into LaRoches dining room, which featured dark mahogany furniture resting under a grand chandelier. The three men convened at one end of a freshly polished table. Rutherford took symbolic position of power at the head of the table, looking like he was prepared to carve a Thanksgiving Day turkey. Billy began to tell the whole story from soup to nuts, hoping he wouldnt become the turkey.
Rutherford listened intently, like a priest hearing confession. He would occasionally nod his head, but didnt tip his hand. When Billy finished his crazed tale, Rutherford cleared his throat and said, We have been tracking Operation Anesthesia for some time now.
Billy was surprised by the admission. He was more expecting to be secured in a straitjacket and sent to an insane asylum. 
Tell me this thing isnt connected to the CIA or any U.S. intelligence agency, LaRoche snipped.
Rutherfords glare practically slapped LaRoche across the face. It did start out as part of the DIA. As with most things, the research began with good intentions, and was run by some of Americas most brilliant doctors. The purpose was to research weapons and tactics of medical warfare. Mostly defensive tactics. For example, if our enemies found a way to invade our food supply, or attack us with a deadly strain of the flu, it would be as effective as any weapon of mass destruction. The groups purpose was to find ways to stop such attacks. 
But in the mid-1980s, post Iran Contra, most politicians lost their gumption. And many covert sections of the intelligence community were disbanded or declared illegal. Basically, they tied our hands behind our backs.
What does this have to do with this Operation Anesthesia thats after Carolyn? Billy asked.
Rutherford nodded, as if to say he was getting to that. There was a section of this group that performed research on genetic mutations. One such mutation being studied was CIPA. The sub-section in charge of research on CIPA was known as Operation Anesthesia. What we later learned was that a couple of ambitious doctors continued the work after Operation Anesthesia was officially disbanded by the DIA. Since those with CIPA couldnt feel pain or temperature sensation, they were kidnapped and bred as soldiers who could go anywhere and survive any amount of torture. These rogue doctors then began selling these soldiers to our enemies. In the 1980s it was Eastern Bloc countries and Middle Eastern nations like Libya and Iraq. Lately its been terrorist organizations like Al Muttahedah.
Let me guess, LaRoche interrupted. Youve conveniently forgotten to catch them over the years because of the potential embarrassment, since it originated in your precious DIA?
Rutherford looked like he had to hold himself back from choking the life out of LaRoche. Politicians, he grumbled, before continuing, On the contrary, ever since we became convinced that they were responsible for what happened in Iran, Operation Anesthesia became the top priority of the intelligence community.
And you never thought to mention this during the hearings?
Those hearings had nothing to do with the truth, or Iran. They were about you and your colleagues getting your faces on television.
Do you know how many taxpayer dollars were wasted?
A U.S. senator telling me about wasting taxpayer dollars, now thats a good one.
You did a disservice to your country, LaRoche fired away, picking up where theyd left off at the hearings.
The comment seemed to have gotten under Rutherfords skin. A vein jutted from his forehead. The reason I didnt mention this was because lives are at stakea concept you wouldnt understand, Senator. Weve been getting close for years, but never could infiltrate it. But since Iran, we have been able to get a man on the inside. And what we learned from him has now been backed up by Mr. Harpers story.
Who is this so-called source? LaRoche asked.
Its classified, even to you, Senator. All I can say is hes a doctor who is embedded in the operation.
Why not just bring in the National Guard and break down the gates?
If I broke down the gates and was found to be wrong, and we had another Waco on our hands, then you and your cronies would have dragged me down to Capitol Hill for another public stoning. I work for the President of the United States, and he doesnt appreciate your little commissions.
Who is Hasenfus? Billy interrupted their power stare-down, Or should I say Franklin Stipe.
Rutherford pulled his angry glare away from LaRoche, and answered, We believe he is a key member of Operation Anesthesia. His company, Stipe Security, helps fund the operation. Stipe once worked for the DIA, and we think thats where the connection began. 
LaRoche didnt look happy. Stipe Security is a legitimate company that receives hundreds of millions of dollars in government contracts. In fact, I use them myself to protect my house and family.
Since Stipe Security is one of your main campaign contributors, it doesnt surprise me that you have been very supportive of them getting those government contracts.
LaRoche conveniently changed the subject, What do we do now? 
Rutherford strapped on an Im in charge look. Thanks to Mr. Harper, we now have the second source we need to go in. I have a Special Ops unit on standby in Clarksville, prepared to strike. I will ask the president for permission to go in at sun-up. We cant wait any longer. With Dr. Jordan out of the picture, they will be on the move within forty-eight hours.
Billy saw the political glimmer in LaRoches eyeshe would work with Rutherford, and make sure he was front and center in the glorious photo-op when the mission was accomplished. Hed look tough on national security, but at the same time look like he was putting the countrys best interests over partisan politics by working with Rutherford and the current administration. But if things went badly, he could plausibly deny any connection, and would use the screw up as a political anvil to hold over the current president in the next election.
I pledge my full support, he predictably said.
The response didnt seem to surprise Rutherford, who had one last request. I would like to meet this other fine patriot, Carolyn Whitcomb.
Carolyn was pulled away in the middle of telling Anna and Maddie the heartwarming story of how she got shot. She walked into the dining room and was immediately hesitant of Rutherfords presence. Billy wondered if shed seen the same thing in his eyes that he had.
Rutherford pulled her up on his lap as if he were a mall Santa Claus. I just had to meet this brave hero, he gushed.
Who are you? she asked, hesitancy in her voice.
My name is Kerry.
Kerry is a girls name.
She tried to squirm away. Billy could tell she was cognizant of her rudeness. 
Rutherford began to poke and prod her. Amazing, he mumbled at every indication that she couldnt feel pain. And this guy probably knew about the aliens in Roswell, Billy thought. It must have taken a lot to amaze him. 
If you dont mind, I wanna go back and play with Anna and Maddie, Carolyn said. She hopped off his lap and didnt look back as she ran toward the door. Maybe it was a desire to get back to playing with the twins, but Billy sensed it was something more.
Carolyn, Rutherford barked in his commanding voice.
She stopped in her tracks, a frightened look on her face. Yes.
Your country thanks you for your service.
Tell him hes welcome, she said and exited stage left.

After Rutherford left, LaRoche called in his long-time, and tight-lipped, doctor to his home under the ruse that Kelly was having issues with her pregnancy. But his real job was to patch up Billy and Carolyn. Billys dislocated shoulder was placed in a sling. Carolyn had her bullet wound looked at, along with checking for any internal injuries that might have resulted from her tumble off the plantation wall. She was also running one of her fevers, most likely from all the commotion of playing with the girls.
Dana slept with Carolyn in the guestroom, while Billy took the couch in the living room. Sometime during the night, Anna came downstairs and slipped next to Billy. Then Annas protective older sisterby seven minutescame looking for her. Maddie climbed up next to Anna and Billy and snuggled up to them.


Chapter 91

Dash Naqui didnt have time to wonder about the who, why, or how Jordan was killed. His first order of business was to stabilize the operation. Jordan had willed the plantation to a phony medical research group headed up by Naqui, to cover their ass-ets if an emergency situation were to occur. Since Jordan considered himself indestructible, he doubted he ever thought it would ever be necessary.
But Naqui didnt get there soon enough. Andr Rose, who had escaped in Iran, and Carolyn Whitcomb, a four-year-old girl whom Stipe assured would be a simple capture, were able to trespass onto the grounds. And by doing so, they exposed a major breach in their once impenetrable security. 
Luckily, Naqui had already been en route to the plantation for a pre-planned visit, and his presence was able to stabilize any further chaos. But Andr wasnt talking, and any attempt to force him to do so would be fruitless. He had been trained by them to withstand such tactics. Naqui saw the irony, but also knew Andr had a weak spothis loyalty to his mother and siblings. That was where his true threshold for pain resided.
The little girl was another story. When tossed back over the wall, she technically became the first CIPA child to escape the grounds of the plantation. She and her handlers would be a major problem. Especially with her surprising connection to Andr Rose, who most likely passed them knowledge of the inner workings of the plantation and Operation Anesthesia. 
Naqui stood in Jordans upstairs office and peered out over the plantation grounds, trying to convince himself that hed headed off any lurking trouble. But he felt the storm clouds on the horizon. It was a lot like when he first saw Claires hands shake and he convinced himself it was nothing. Just nerves, he told himself at the time. He looked at his own hands and they were now shaking.
A phone call jolted him from his spell. It was Rutherford, reporting that their worst fears had materialized. Rutherford had just left an impromptu meeting, in which Billy Harper outlined all of Operation Anesthesias dirty secrets to the highest ranking U.S. senator. 
We began this together, Dash, and now we must end it together. And when we do, you and I will stand tall like heroes, Rutherford said.
Do you have a plan? Naqui surrendered. He didnt need any speeches. He was a doctor, and knew what a terminal illness looked like.
Tomorrow at daybreak Im going to authorize an attack on the plantation by a covert Special Ops team that I command. In actuality, it will be Stipes men, who are now under my control. Their mission will be to take down Operation Anesthesia, but their most important order will be to eliminate any evidence of our connection. I informed LaRoche that we had an embedded doctor source on the inside who confirmed what Harper and the girl said. History will record that courageous doctor as you, Dash.
Naqui remained quiet, allowing Rutherford to continue waving his pompoms, We will be cheered for saving the day, but in the end, you and I both know the only thing we did was guarantee another 9/11, or worse.
Naquis thoughts traveled back to the beginning, trying to focus on the lives they had saved. But he kept returning to the present. What about all those at the camp? And the children?
Dash, we must remove all the evidence. It is for the greater good.
Naquis stomach gripped. He felt conflicted, just as Lincoln had spoken of, but was no longer sure he had Honest Abes Teflon resolve. He forced himself to push on. Can Stipes men be trusted?
Stipe overestimated their loyalty. They are now working for me. But Im going to need you to take care of Stipe, so he doesnt become a nuisance.
The idea almost brought a smile to Naquis face.
A long silence filled the phone line, before Rutherford made his closing argument, Mourning the sacrifices is counterproductive, Dash. We performed a heroic service, but all things run their course. We must focus on all the lives saved, and freedom preserved, all thanks to Operation Anesthesia.
Naqui looked out the window at the still grounds. The quiet before the storm. He listened to what Rutherford said, but he wasnt so sure anymore. Just as the black and white had turned to gray, the shades of gray had now turned to darkness.


Chapter 92

Wednesday morning began with overcast skies and a slight drizzle. Naqui sat behind a desk in Jordans former office, the one on the lower level of the manor house that once served as Sir Quincys bedchamber. Another member of the Jordan lineage with dreams of grandeur, who died young. 
He looked out the window, thinking the weather was fitting. Endings were usually gloomy. Naqui fell into a melancholy trance, his mind waging an inner debate on the merits and morals of the last twenty years. Was it really for the greater good? Or was Jordan right; were they just slaves at a five star resort, the very thing Lincoln would have fought against?
An aggressive knock rattled him back to reality. Before he could even respond, the door flew open and Franklin Stipe limped into the office with his usual swagger. He wore a blue Stipe Security rain slicker and a conceited smile. For a man who failed to capture a four-year-old girl, he sure was pretty confident.
You rang, Doc?
Naqui sat with the cool of an assassin. Please sit down.
Ill stand.
Would you like some coffee?
Can we get to the point? Unlike you doctors, I actually work for a living. Im in the middle of interrogating Andr Rose.
Speaking of which, Naqui began matter of factly, we have decided to replace you as head trainer.
Stipes face roared. Then you better start praying to your imaginary friend Allah, because youre going down with me.
Calm down, Franklin.
Stipe pulled out his loaded Glock. NoI wont calm down. I built this place and Ill decide when I leave. And if you try anything, Ill put a real dot in your head. Then who will take care of Shakes?
Stipe performed a cruel imitation of Claire. Naqui remained calm, focusing on how much he was going to enjoy watching Stipe die.
If youd let me finish, what Im trying to say is that lately Ive been examining my future. I could never bring myself to step down the last few years, but Samuels death has forced me to face my own mortality, and made me realize there are other things I want to focus on in my later years. So I talked to our contact in Washington, and we both agreed that I would step down as Chief Managing Partner. I will continue to consult on the medical side if asked, but it will be up to you, since you will be the new CMP of Operation Anesthesia.
Stipe never trusted. Whats the catch?
There is no catch. Truth be told, I think youre an arrogant son of a bitch. But I grudgingly have to admit youve been the blood and guts of this place for as long as I can remember, and a change should have been made a long time ago. I no longer have the same passion. My focus these days is solely on Claire.
An about time grin leaked out of the corner of Stipes mouth. Well then, Doc, I say we have a toast with the Naqui Cocktail. My leg has been killing me.
Naqui pulled open the top drawer of the desk. The syringe was already loaded.
Stipe removed his rain slicker, and then his T-shirt, revealing his burned torso. Naqui found a vein on his arm and inserted the needle, just as hed done so many times in the past. 
But this time it was loaded with a different combination of drugs. It would be death by lethal injection. Naqui waited calmly as Stipes shield of arrogance withered away, and the life slowly, and painfully was sucked out of him. But before he died, he became like many of the children hed kidnapped over the years
A scared child.


Chapter 93

Mitchell Jones wore a black Harley Davidson T-shirt and camouflage pants as he led a squad deep into the plantation grounds. Ironically, their mission this day was to destroy the place theyd spent years building and protecting.
The first stop was the old slave quarters that rested in a wooded area behind the Jordan Family Memorial Cemetery. It was where the Anesthesia soldiers were housed. Since all they knew was taking orders from trainers, it would be the easiest suicide pact since Jonestown. This time it would be Mitchell Jones-town, he thought with a laugh.
Since this was his first and only act as head trainerhaving replaced the departed Franklin StipeJones was determined to get it right. Rutherford promised him a job as his personal assistant after the mission was complete, and assured him any investigation into the security guard he shot at the school in Schenectady would magically disappear. Mitchell Jones was going to the White Housewho would-a thunk it? He was surprised the weather was so gloomy. Usually such weather represents an ending, but for Jones it was a new beginning.
He moved to the housing quarters of the Anesthesia soldiers. As expected, they flawlessly executed his orders. They torched the slave quarters and set themselves on fire. It was what they were trained to do, and they didnt feel a thing.
Jones next move was to send two of his menRegan and Poindexterto burn all the other buildings on the property. Rutherford made it very clear he wanted no evidence left behind. Not even a fingernail!
With the wheels in motion, Jones moved toward the water where the stables were located. The place where the men, or stallions, as that freaky doctor Jordan called them, were housed. He was sure they would put up more of a fight than the children. He hoped sohe loved a good fight. But he knew hed come out on top in the end. The laws of nature dictated that he would. He was the fittest, and therefore he would survive. A lesson Stipe had just learned the hard way.


Chapter 94

Chuck sat in his stable, ready to strike the monster. Strangely enough, Operation Anesthesia had helped prepare him for this battle. 
The stables were originally built by a horse breeder who once owned the plantation. They didnt have troughs or hay on the floor anymore. The building had been converted into small housing units that reminded Chuck of the closet-sized apartment he shared with Beth in Albany, only much cleaner. 
Chuck could smell the smoke and hear the crackling of fire. He wasnt sure what was going onall he knew was that he had to get to Beth. But then he started to recognize the sounds. It was the sound of the doors opening, followed by a gunshot, then the short-lived shriek of a male voice. They were shooting his fellow stallions. It was death by firing squad.
The sounds grew closer.
Chuck held tightly onto his weapon of choice. He was good with a rifle, but he was deadly with a hockey stick.
When they provided him one upon his arrival, Jordan told him they wanted to make all the residents comfortable with their new surroundings, so they would be at their best when performing. Operation Anesthesia meticulously researched each of their lives, and since Chuck was a hockey player, they felt the stick would be a form of positive reinforcement. Of course, Jordans henchmen also mentioned that if he chose to use the stick for the wrong reasons, he would be one man against an army and an inescapable wall. And if that wasnt deterrent enough, they had his wife as collateral. 
He got the message, but now he was going to deliver one of his own. He wasnt going to die without putting up a fight that Beth would be proud of.
Three doors downopenshotshriek. Then two. Then his neighbor, a nice guy from Sweden named Mats Lerner, who was a big soccer fan, and had a son named Petr at the camp. Chuck was next. He fought himself to remain patient. He tightened the grip on the stick, thinking of Beth. He was channeling hershe was his self-control.
When his door swung open, Chuck uncoiled like a cobra. He used an old hockey trickslash the foreheadcausing blood to run into the eyes like a waterfall, and blinding his opponent.
The man, who Carolyn had referred to as Osama Banana, looked stunned when the blade of the stick slit the area just above his thick eyebrows. He shot wildly, lodging a bullet into the wooden wall behind Chucks ear.
Chuck went back to the great martial art of hockey fighting. While his opponent was blinded, he grabbed him with his left arm and dropped about twenty punches to his bloody head with his right. The left arm was the key in holding his opponent upright, which was easier in the stable than on the ice. Most fights ended up in wrestling matches on the ground, leveling the playing field. As long as they stood, Chuck held the advantage over his blinded opponent.
Chuck released hold of the blood-soaked Harley Davidson T-shirt and karate-chopped the gun out of his hand. After kicking the gun away, Chuck grabbed him with his punching hand and went to his next hockey fighting tacticpulling the jersey, in this case a T-shirt, over the head from the back. When his opponent was fully debilitated, Chuck let the dazed man fall to the floor. He scooped up the gun and ran toward what he hoped was Beths direction.


Chapter 95

Beth and the other mothers were packed flesh-to-flesh in the security room.
The majority of the captives showed little emotion. But Beth wasnt a member of the living dead club, so she gravitated to someone she knew still had some fight lefther motherand they wrapped their arms tightly around each other.
Nobody was sure what was happening, but it wasnt good. Smoke streamed in from the vent. Within minutes, it encompassed the area like a morning fog in San Francisco. A chorus of coughing filled the room. Beths worst fears were being realized through the haze of smokeit was going to be death by gas chamber. 
As her lungs became contaminated with the poisonous fumes, she started to feel lightheaded. She reached for her mother and held on with all her remaining strength. But as the smoke thickened, she could no longer fight it off. She lost consciousness in her mothers arms. 
* * *
Chuck was disoriented. The property was hugefive hundred acres. Or at least thats what that bastard Jordan told them on their initial tour. And with fires burning everywhere, he wasnt sure which way he was headed. He just kept running. Beth! he shouted, hoping she would magically appear. It wouldnt be the first time she came out of nowhere to save him. He kept screaming it, Beth! Beth!
He arrived at the stone-built kitchen. Flames had engulfed it, black smoke jetting out of its windows like an oil tanker ablaze. He planned to bypass it, and continue in his search for his wife, but he heard a womans voice. It was soft, and he wondered if he was hearing things. He listened closer to make sure, and then rushed into the disintegrating building, doing his best to avoid flaming objects falling from the roof.
He looked to the floor and saw a woman. It wasnt Bethit was her friend Miss Rose. He ran to her and checked her vitals. She was still alive, but couldnt survive much more smoke. He attempted to pick up the heavy-set woman and carry her out. Chuck was a strong as an ox, but she was testing his strength. The thick smoke blinded him as he attempted to navigate his way out of the inferno. By sheer luck he found the doorway out, and they collapsed on a patch of grass, gasping for air.
Whats going on? Chuck asked frantically.
I dont know, she said in a strained voice. She viewed the burning grounds with both horror and wonderment. Holy Mary mother of God, she muttered.
Do you know where Beth is?
Probably in the tunnels under the manor house.
Which way is that?
Miss Rose forced herself to stand, continuing to cough, but showing surprising strength. Ill take you there, but first we have to get Andr out of the stockade.
We dont have time, we have to get to Beth, he told her. He would make no apologies for his selfishness.
She rose from the ashes, literally, and waddled down a tree-lined path toward Andr. He told me he saved your daughter. 
Chuck followed, the tug of her guilt trip too powerful. The stockade wasnt far, maybe a few hundred feet from the kitchen. It was a small, run-down shack, once used to store farming equipment.
Andr was constricted in a medieval-looking contraption, in which his head and arms were locked to the device.
Get me out of here, he squealed.
Im here, baby, Miss Rose said. She walked over and gave him a sloppy kiss on his trapped face. Then after another coughing fit, she turned to Chuck.
What are you waiting for? Shoot! she ordered.
Chuck looked confused. Eh?
The only way he can get out of the stockade is to shoot the locks off. Hurrywe have to hurry!
But theyre right by his head.
Andr interjected, Youre Chuck Whitcomb.
Howd you know that?
Billy Harper described you perfectly.
It was like they knew each other. Hows my daughter?
Shes not here, which is good. But she needs you to get to her, so we have to hurry. Hit me in the limbs if you have toI cant feel pain.
Chuck aimed and fired at the locks. Sure enough, one shot skipped off the rusted lock and lodged in Andrs shoulder blade. He didnt even twitch. But another bullet shattered the locks.
Miss Rose helped raise the contraption off Andr, freeing his head and hands. He couldnt feel the discomfort from being locked in the same position for days, but his body appeared in need of a good chiropractor. He couldnt lift his head up straight, and despite his best efforts, his arms wouldnt raise.
Andr and his mother then had an intense moment. It was like they were saying goodbye, Chuck thought.
* * * 
Andr ran off as fast as he could, which wasnt that fast. He fell numerous times, but kept going. He ran all the way to the burning slave quarters that housed the CIPA kids. He first entered the one that housed his brothers. Many of them were already gone, but not all. He pulled them out, one by one, with every ounce of energy left in his body. Then he moved his attention to the others. Some were on fire, some werent. Those on fire he rolled in the grass. Some actually fought him off, trying to carry out their orders.
He went house by house, saving as many as he could until his body finally gave out. To nobodys surprise, Andr sacrificed his own life to save others. 


Chapter 96

Chuck followed Miss Rose to the manor house. The good news was that it was about the only thing on the property that wasnt swallowed up by flames.
They probably are locked in the security room, Miss Rose said between coughs.
Lets go! Chuck shouted out, his voice desperate.
First we need to get the key card.
Wheres that?
Dr. Jordan used to keep it in his bedchambers on the second level.
They ran into the house via the English basement. It appeared empty, but Chuck had his gun ready just in case. They moved to the first floor, into the empty saloon, and then ascended the grand staircase where Carolyn had performed her gotchya joke during their earlier visit.
Ill go get it, you stand guard, she instructed.
Hurry, he urged.
Chuck waited outside the room until his patience grew thin. Cmon, cmon, he mumbled. When what seemed like minutes went by, he got jumpy and burst into the room. What he saw was Miss Rose laying on the bed, a man about to inject her with a syringe.
It was the Pakistani doctor from the planethe one who paralyzed him and Bethwho must have been hiding in the room. Chuck charged the man, and cracked him over the head with the gun handle before he could react. The doctor toppled to the floor.
Im on your sideI am undercover, the doctor groaned, looking up at his assailant.
Chuck didnt have time to investigate. Do you have the key? he asked Miss Rose.
She nodded her head, but she wasnt moving. Chucks first thought was that hed paralyzed her with the drugs, as hed done to him and Beth, but quickly realized it was because she was tied up. He removed the ropes, and gave Doctor Paralysis another kick to the head, which would put him in a deep sleep for a while. They then sprinted to the elevator that he hoped would take him to Beth.
The hallways of the underground caves were full of smoke. They covered their mouths and noses the best they could and fought through it. Chuck followed Miss Rose like a halfback behind his pulling guard. She used her twenty years of experience to guide them through the hazy fumes. In the distance, they could hear medical supplies exploding like fireworks. They reached the security room and Miss Rose used the key card to open its heavy door.
What they found was horrifying. It was a pile of death. Bodies on top of bodies.
Oh my Godno! Chuck shouted as he dashed in. He pulled people outsome alive ... some he wasnt sure ... some were already gone. He wouldnt stop until he found Beth.
He located her, barely conscious, clinging to an older woman. He slung his wife over his shoulder and ran out, stepping on bodies. It might have been selfish, but he didnt carethe only thing he cared about was Beth. 
He laid her on the ground and checked her pulse. It was faint, and her breathing shallow.
Stay with me, he said, tapping her cheeks.
Her eyes struggled open and he gave a thank God gesture to the sky. Miss Rose continued dragging people out. The woman, the one Beth was clinging to, also tried her best to help between feeble coughs, but was too weak to make a difference. 
Chuck couldnt leave Beth. He looked deep into her eyes. The eyes she passed on to Carolyn. Are you alright?
She smiled. I am now.
He always knew when she wasnt telling the truth.


Chapter 97

Mitchell Jones was never one to stay down on the canvas. He tore off a piece of his bloodstained T-shirt and tied it around his wounded forehead, Karate Kid-style. He then maneuvered around the plantation, eliminating any remaining evidence. Well, not all of it, but he would keep to himself the part about Chuck Whitcomb beating him to a pulp and disappearing with his gun.
When he finished torching the barn where the stallions were kept, he executed all of his men, including his long time confidants, Regan and Poindexter. Each and every person was a potential witness that threatened his survival.
He returned to the Plantation Office and drenched it with gasoline from a can he found in a rusted tool shed behind the office. He was ready to set the place ablaze when a man in a formal military uniform walked in like he owned the place.
Has the mission been completed? Kerry Rutherford asked in his intimidating voice.
All secure, Jones replied, leaving out the part about Chuck Whitcomb. He probably tried to escape over the wall anyway and was now nothing but charcoal.
You got rid of all the evidence? Rutherford double checked. 
The place is nothing but a big barbecue, Jones boasted.
So it is safe to bring in Senator LaRoche?
Yes sir.
But I think you missed one piece of evidence, Jones.
Did he know about Whitcomb? He didnt ascend to the head of U.S. intelligence by not knowing stuff.
Whats that? Jones attempted to play dumb. 
Rutherford pulled out a pistol and coldly said, You.
Jones actually smiled with admiration as he stared down the barrel of the gun. This was survival of the fittest in its purest form. He had taken his mind off the questseeking credit, just like Stipeand he knew it. It went against the laws of nature. His last thought was how proud he was to serve under a man like Rutherford, who was a true survivalist like himself.


Chapter 98

Billy sat in the back of Senator Oliver LaRoches stretch limousine, parked safely outside the gates of Jordan Plantation. LaRoche was to his right, with Dana and Carolyn on his other side.
LaRoche was dressed in what all politicians wear when they want to be filmed looking like the common manthe dreaded flannel shirt. Dana and Carolyn were dressed to impress, robbing Kelly and Maddies respective closets. Billy was not going for the dapper look. He wore a ragged, scarlet and gray Ohio State sweatshirt that Kelly had stolen from him years ago. 
Before heading to the plantation earlier this morning, Billy did what he should have done hundreds of times over the past couple yearshe kissed his daughters good-bye, hugged them the best he could with the sling on his shoulder, and then went to work. LaRoche called off Wednesdays Senate hearings due to important and confidential information he received last evening concerning the Iran hostage situation. A press conference was already scheduled for this evening to tell the world of their triumph. They then drove to Clarksville and waited for the sun to rise over Buggs Island Lake, but it never showed.
But the overcast morning was soon full of bright lighta volcano of fire erupting throughout the plantation. They stared with stunned silence from the safety of the limo. Billy made eye contact with Dana, who communicated back her fear for Chuck and Beths safety.
Billy could tell LaRoche had other things on his mind, perhaps debating a fast getaway as the scene was starting to resemble Wacoanother government invasion into a cult compound that went up in smoke. Billy had to admit that LaRoche was good at his craft. He knew that when potential political fires swirled, you dont go back in to save people or stop-drop-and-roll, you run like hell in the other direction and never admit you were there.
Carolyn was mesmerized, as if she were watching Fourth of July fireworks. Thats a big barbecue, she exclaimed.
It sure is, Billy said, his thoughts still squarely on Chuck and Beth.
Is all that fire because the dragons live there? They shoot fire, ya know.
The fire is because the fireflies have all joined together to make one really-really big firefly that is beating up all the dragons.
Dragons are mean, Carolyn added. Im glad a really-really big firefly is beating them up.
So was Billy.
LaRoche finally received the call theyd been nervously waiting for. Likely wanting witnesses to cover his rear, he allowed everyone in the car to listen on speaker. Rutherford described an epic battle that confirmed the plantation was the headquarters of Operation Anesthesia. It had been secured by his men and was now safe to enter.
The limo drove down the long driveway to the sights, sounds, and smells of what looked like a war-torn nation. They moved under the arched entry and pulled right up to the front of the manor house.
LaRoche walked hesitantly. Politicians like certainty. This didnt feel like certainty.
But there was no turning back now. Billy reached his hands out to his Bonnies, who grabbed on for safety as they walked through the open front door. 
In here, echoed the voice of Kerry Rutherford.
They passed through the empty dining room that smelled charred, but was still intact, including the guillotine-like fan over the table. The next room was the impressive saloon that contained the grand staircase that Carolyn almost gave them a heart attack on during their last visit. It was only a few weeks ago, but seemed like another lifetime.
Rutherford stood by the staircase. He appeared ready for the photo op, decked out in a military uniform for the occasion.
There were many casualties, Rutherford informed, getting right to the point.
How many? LaRoche asked, a heavy dose of concern in his tone. Casualties never look good in tomorrows newspaper, even if the cause was just.
No way to tell right now. We are still searching the grounds, Rutherford stated with a quiver of emotion in his voice. Were dealing with five hundred acres. 
What about my sister and her husband? Dana blurted out.
Rutherford ominously lowered his head. Operation Anesthesia began trying to burn all the evidence and all those who were enslaved here. And when my men tried to stop them, they were fired upon.
You didnt answer the question, Billy stated. He was still not getting a good vibe from Rutherford. He looked to Carolyn, who was a savant when it came to vibes, and he could tell she was no fan either.
Fireflies didnt get all the dragons, she muttered, her eyes searching for an escape route.
No, we havent found them yet. And Im going to be straight with youI fear the worst. Weve found underground tunnels containing piles of bodies, Rutherford said grimly.
Dana looked to be on the verge of collapse. Billy put his arm around her, but he knew it was of little comfort.
LaRoche was more pragmatic. What about the evidence? Were you able to save it?
We are actively searching.
Then how can you be so sure this was Operation Anesthesia?
Because I know it is, Rutherford barked. My men just died to find this deadly truth, so dont you attack my integrity, Senator!
What about your inside source? We need him to validate your claims.
We havent located him yet. And my claims dont need validation.
Just as Rutherfords words vaporized into the air, a rumble could be heard from the top of the staircase. They looked to see a woozy looking man who appeared to have taken a blow to the head. He began to gingerly descend the stairs.
Dashyoure alive, Rutherford exclaimed.
The man didnt reply. He appeared dazed, looking around the room like he was trying to get his bearings. So Rutherford spoke for him.
This, Senator, is the brave and heroic doctor who was so willing to risk his own life for the greater good. He was able to infiltrate Operation Anesthesia. 


Chapter 99

Carolyn looked puzzled. She seemed to be having trouble placing the doctor on the dragon/firefly scale. Who are you? she asked.
Billy recognized the man, and knew exactly where he belonged on the scale. Carolyn, this is Dr. Dash Naqui.
Do I know you? the man finally spoke, his voice groggy.
You treated a friend of mine many years ago. Perhaps you rememberit was on Christmas Day in New York, Billy informed.
What was your friends name?
Nathan Pennington.
Naquis eyes shifted away. I treat a lot of patients. 
Im sure you do, but I would think you would remember the ones you kidnap.
I dont know what you are talking about.
Im talking about Nathan Pennington and his parents, Carol Ann and Steve. Did you ever find their daughter Elizabeth, Dr. Naqui?
Rutherford erupted, You are out of line, Mr. Harper. This man is a hero and a patriot.
And a kidnapper.
Takes one to know one, Harper. You need to stand down.
Billy stared at the bully. Were you involved in this?
Rutherfords face scorched with anger.
LaRoche squirmed. I think we all need to calm down. Baseless accusations arent helping us solve this. Lets stick to the facts.
They were interrupted by a crash coming from the basement. Loud footsteps then barreled up the creaky stairs. A voice called out, HelpsomebodyI need a doctor!
Daddy! Carolyn shouted out.
A charred and ashen Chuck Whitcomb entered the room with Beth lying limply in his arms. He softly set her on the ground and kissed her on the forehead. Only a soft cough indicated any sign of life.
Im a doctor, Naqui offered, moving toward Beth.
Chuck wouldnt have it. You stay away from her.
Your wife is dyingIm the only one here who can help her.
Chuck punched the man in the jaw and he fell to the ground.
You know him? Billy asked.
Hes the one who paralyzed us with drugs to bring us here. Then he tried to do it again upstairs.
Rutherford spoke over them, Dr. Naqui was playing a role. You dont understand what one has to do to infiltrate an organization. You must demonstrate loyalty.
Chuck didnt care. He picked up Naqui by the shirt collar and stuck his gun in his face. If she dies, you die. Fix her!
Naqui kneeled beside Beth and took her pulse. His facial expressions were not giving off confidence.
Another woman appeared from the basement and called out, Please help. People are down here!
The woman was on the back-end of middle age and her face was wrinkled with anguish. Billy couldnt place her, but was sure he knew her from somewhere.
When the woman saw Naqui next to Beth, she turned into a pit bull. You son of a bitch! she exclaimed.
Im trying to help her, Naqui replied.
Like you helped my son by kidnapping him? You get away from my daughter!
Her words told Billy everything he needed to know. She was older than the pictures hed seen, but it was definitely Carol Ann Pennington. Beths mom.
Before he even had time to process this new development, Carolyn let out a loud uh-oh, diverting everyones attention. Billy turned to see Kerry Rutherford pointing a gun at them. Carolyn was secured in his other arm. She was his hostage.
Youre behind this? LaRoche asked Rutherford.
I dont think you heard me earlier, Senator. What was done here was heroic and courageous. It was about sacrificing for the greater good, something youd know nothing about. 
Naqui hung his head. Its over, Kerry. 
Rutherfords eyes flamed. Operation Anesthesia might be over, but until we get to a day when we wont have to bury any more patriots, like those courageous men who were doing their job in Beirut, this will not be over. Until no more Greg Ponsons die in your arms, Dash, this will not be over.
Put the gun down, LaRoche said, practically begging.
Rutherford looked at him with venom. You are responsible for this, Senator. Not me.
I dont know what you are talking about, but please put the gun down and we can discuss your concerns.
Talk? Thats all you want to do in government. Do you know how many 9/11s were averted because of Operation Anesthesia? And all you politicians do is cut my legs out while Im trying to protect you.
He fired his gun twice, startling everyone. He shot a bullet into each of LaRoches knees, literally cutting out his legs. LaRoche fell to the ground and screamed like a baby.
By the time the second shot shattered LaRoches kneecap, Chuck was already bull-rushing Rutherford. He was going to save his daughter and ask questions later. Rutherford saw him out of the corner of his eye and raised the gun. He was going to shoot Chuck!
Thats when Beth, conjuring up the last breaths left in her destroyed lungs, somehow found the strength to rise to her feet and ran at Rutherford shouting, No! 
He turned and fired a panic shot. It hit Beth directly in the chest and she fell to the ground.
Carolyn ran to the safety of her father. But Billy saw Chucks rage and pulled Carolyn away from him. He hid her head in his sweatshirt, away from what he didnt want her to witness.
Rutherford looked at Naqui, saluted, and then belted out, I proudly sacrifice my own life for the country I love.
Naqui didnt look so sure.
Before Chuck could fill him with bullets, Sonny Corleone at the tollbooth style, Rutherford stuck his pistol in his own mouth and pulled the trigger.


Chapter 100

Rutherfords body hadnt even hit the floor, and Chucks attention was already on Beth. He pointed his gun at Naqui and reiterated, She dies, you die.
Naquis facial expression said he didnt like his odds. He ripped open her shirt to find nothing but a pool of blood. He worked like his life was on the line, which it was. But he was a doctor, and despite what many of his colleagues often thought, they were not miracle workers.
Chuck fought back tears, urging, Cmon Beth, stay with us. 
Her eyes remained lucid and clear. She was still with us, but barely. She looked at Billy and smiled. He smiled back at his kindred in pain. She then pushed Naqui away. Despite Chucks threats, he honored her wishes. They both knew the score.
Naqui looked helplessly at her. Do you want any pain medication? he asked.
She shook her head. No, pain means Im still alive.
Her attention turned to Carolyn. Beth was running out of time, but she was still focused on the futureCarolyns future. She looked deep into her daughters scared eyes and urged her to her side. Beth struggled to a sitting position, while Carolyn sat pretzel-style beside her on the floor.
Carolyn looked at her with amazement. Mommyyou got shot.
Beth nodded her head the best she could.
I got shot toolook, Carolyn said, pulling down the collar of her shirt for Beth to see. She looked how any parent would look upon hearing such newshorrified.
How did that happen?
Osama Banana.
Are you okay?
Aunt Dana was worried about infection, but its all better now.
Did it hurt?
I cant feel pain.
Beth forced a comforting smile. Just checking. She was likely checking to see if this was all a dream. 
Did it hurt when you got shot, Mommy? 
I never feel pain when I have you around me. Beths breathing weakened. I dont have much time, Carolyn, so I need you to listen to me.
Why dont you haff much time?
She let out a couple weak coughs. Mommys going on a trip. So you need to help take care of Daddy while Im gone.
Carolyn nodded, her eyes moistening. Okay.
And I need you to make me another promise.
I promise I wont get on motorcycles with strangers. Im sorry I made you and Daddy mad at me.
Billy could tell she had been holding that one in. He couldnt help but to watch. But Dana couldnt, burying her head in his sweatshirt.
Im not mad at you. I could never be mad at you. I love you and want to keep you safe.
Then can I go on motorcycles with strangers?
Not if you know whats good for you, young lady. Beth struggled a smile to the surface. You need to promise me you will listen to your father  and Aunt Dana  and Billy.
She nodded her head.
And that you will do your best in school.
No more Dracula jokes, I promise.
And that youll live your life with freedom.
She didnt really understand that one, but nodded.
Then you have one last big job to do, okay?
Her eyes grew sad, but obeyed, Okay. 
When your Daddy or Aunt Dana are sad, its your job to make them laugh and feel good. Can you do that for me?
That sounds like a fun job.
Beth stared deep into her daughters hazel eyes. She held her gaze as long as possible and then beamed, Im so proud of you.
Carolyn smiled her toothless grin. So where are you going on your trip, Mommy?
Im going to Sesame Street.
Whoacan I come?
Beth smiled. One day. One day well be together again.
She then struggled to remove the rose necklace that Carolyn had given her at the cabin and hung it around Carolyns neck. It brought me back to you, Carolyn, and one day it will guide you to me.
Beth kissed Carolyn and nodded for Dana to take her. Dana took the girl in her arms and looked down at her sister. You always have to be so dramatic, little sister.
Beth just smiled back at her, the usual defiance gone. It was the smile of acceptance.
Tears rolled down Danas face. You cant leave me.
Beth just continued smiling at her. Carolyn is in good hands, sis.
Can me and Mommy play for five more minutes? Carolyn asked.
Hearts shattered. There werent five minutes left in the hourglass. 
Do you remember when I told you about spirits being in our hearts? Beth asked Carolyn with the little strength she had left.
Yes.
Well, my spirit will always be in your heart, so we can play every day in your heart. Mrs. B and I play all the time.
Can we play Barbies, the tickle game, and watch Slap Shot in my heart?
Beth smiled a smile that could have stood in for the sun on the gloomy day. I wouldnt miss it, princess.
Chuck and Beth then held each other until her last breath. With people as connected as them, words werent necessary. Everything was already said, and each already felt what the other felt. They were beyond being soul matesthey were a one-in-two-hundred-million chance of destiny.

In the end, Beth did what she was put on the Earth to do. In the natural state of survival, mothers live to protect their young. Carol Ann sacrificed her life for Beth, and Beth sacrificed hers for Carolyn. And perhaps one day Carolyn would do the same for her child. Maybe not in such a literal or dramatic way, but that is the real sacrifice for the greater good. Not Operation Anesthesia. Billy would have given up his life for the girl, as would Dana, and of course, Chuck. But it wasnt their job. Nature dictated that it was Beths job, and she did it flawlessly.
Mother Nature.
Beth took one last peaceful breath and became one with her daughter. 
She was painless.



Epilogue  
Live at Five

Chapter 101 
My name is Billy Harper and you just read my story. A story that takes place from Labor Day to mid-October of last year. I wrote it in third person point of view, which is one of those literary terms I should be more familiar with since Im now a published author. I did that because, by not directly connecting myself to the story, I created a shield from the pain associated with it. But during that time, I learned that pain represents life and I should open my heart and embrace it. I didnt learn that from a self-help guru or a religionI learned it from a four-year-old girl, who ironically couldnt feel pain herself. 
Its been just over a year since I crossed paths with the Whitcombs. One year and one week to be exact. And as I sit jotting this down on a pink, cake-stained Barbie birthday napkin at Carolyns fifth birthday party, I realize that it will never be the same without Beth. I met Beth Whitcomb on Labor Day of last year and she died before Halloween. Not even two months, but her spirit remains in my heart every day. And if she couldve been here to witness this party, I think shed be proud. Proud that her family has carried on and, hoping not to sound clichd, is stronger because of her sacrifice. Although, much sadder. And she would be especially proud of how much Carolyn has grown in the past year.
People say she has gotten taller and lost some baby fat in her cheeks. I dont really see it, probably because I see her almost every day, and its hard to notice change unless youre away from someone. Much like with my own children. The only physical difference I notice is that she now has two front teeth. But its the personal growth, and the fact that she remains a happy and free child, is what I think would make Beth most proud.
I still live here in the guest cottage. Ive debated moving out so everyone can get on with their lives. I even openly talked about the possibility of renting an apartment in the city. But over the last year, Carolyn has picked up that great female weapon of dissentthe silent treatment. She didnt talk to me for a week when I brought up the possibility of leaving, and I couldnt deal with it. And besides, I realized this is our lives and we are getting on with them.
Carolyn has kept the covenant she made with her mother. But Im pretty sure she wouldve done the four things Beth made her promise, anyway. Shes always been a great listener, so that one wasnt a problem. In school, she got all As, or whatever the equivalent is in nursery school, along with rave reviews from her teacher, Ms. StevensIll get to her later. Im not sure she understood what her mother meant by live with freedom, but to watch her on a daily basis is to know thats exactly how she lives her life. And the final onemaking the sad grownups laugh and feel joywell, the Healing Angel of Pain has been doing that since the day she was born.
Her past year has been, surprisingly, that of a normal four-year-old, including the typical dramas and mood swings of that age bracket. We still paint the chicken, catch fireflies, and I read to her at night. She watches old sitcoms on Nickelodeon like Full House and The Cosby Show and thinks theyre current. And while Chuck will never admit it, shes turning girly right in front of our eyes. Todays party theme is a Princess Party and all she wanted for her birthday was pretty clothes.
Living with CIPA will never be normal. Its day-to-day and just when you think youve got it figured out, new challenges spring out of nowhere. Last February, she had an emergency appendectomy after not feeling any of the painful warning signs that a typical child would have the luxury of feeling. But her biggest challenge continues to be her mentality. They say what you learn in your first couple years of life stays with you forever. In Carolyns case, she was conditioned by her inability to feel pain to live life with run through the wall fearlessness. We remind her over and over again of the dangers, even to the point that it annoys and frustrates her. Shes a good listener, and will momentarily adjust her ways, but she always instinctively reverts back to the fearlessness. 
Dana paid to have a swimming pool put in the backyard, hoping to save her joints, while allowing her to be a typical wild child at the same time. We all saw how ravaged Andrs body became, and nobody wants that. We also came up with an idea of setting up an organization to support children with CIPA. I even planned to organize a charity walk using the Shoreline Times (I still write my Sunday column, but have given up my Wednesday spot). But Carolyn decided that many of the kids shed met during her numerous check-ups, including ones who suffer from leukemia and diabetes, or her friend Tanya from school, who has cystic fibrosis, needed the money more than CIPA kids. Beth was surely smiling down with pride at that one.
The concept of death and losing her mother is a much more slippery slope. What she grasps is still very much up for debate. Ive seen how she comprehends complex concepts at such a young age, so Im a little suspicious of the naivet she shows toward the subject. I think she knows that it makes us feel good that she doesnt understand, and plays it up for our sake. Wed often go to Beths gravesite on the property over the past year. And yes, I understand that it is a little creepy to bury loved ones on your own property as would be done on 18th-century plantations. And any reminders of death and plantations would be better struck from our memories. Carolyn would bring Sesame Street dolls or her school papers and place them at the edge of the headstone. And if watching that didnt make you cry, then you probably dont have tear ducts. She would also say things while watching Sesame Street like, I think mommy is at Big Birds house todayIll bet shes having fun! Lately shes been going to the gravesite by herself, and I wonder about those conversations.
The sun has started its slow descent behind the trees, and the festivities have begun to dwindle, closing the curtains on what turned out to be a perfect September day. Some would say the weather was Beths work. I have no idea if thats true, but after the events of last year, nothing is off the table in my mind when it comes to concepts like angels and miracles and how they interconnect with science and evolution.
What I do know is that a lot has changed from last years party. For starters, Im not wearing an Elmo suit this year. But also, the guest list has changed. One reason is that we arent the most popular folks in New Canaan. I didnt kidnap her, and was publicly exonerated of such, but still the first thing people in this town think of when they hear my name is the kidnapper. So this years party is focusing more on friends and family.
One person I notice across the lawn, sneaking an extra piece of cake, is Coach Blake. I reached out to him last winter. Theres something to say about the person who pops into your head during life or death situations. I remember him saying all the timeno pain no gain. And over the past year Ive learned how very true that is. 
Carol Ann, Carolyns grandmother, is cleaning up paper plates and scooping them into an oversized plastic garbage can, even though we keep telling her not to worry about it. She moved in with the Kielys after the whole debacle ended. I imagine its not easy to assimilate back to the real world after twenty years on another planet. There was talk of suing what remains of Jordan and Naquis medical practices, but all that really wouldve done was take money from sick kids. She travels to Connecticut often to see Carolyn and brings her five childrenCarolyns aunts and uncles who survived the plantation fire. Carolyn is reveling in her new relatives. Im struggling with the names. 
Miss Rose catered the food for the party. She also brought her nine remaining children that were saved by Andr. Unfortunately, Calvin, Bronson, and Andr werent among them. She opened up a restaurant in her native Montreal. All her remaining kids work there and celebrate each day of their newfound freedom. We took a trip up there last spring. Chuck and Carolyn got some good one-on-one time by going to a couple of Montreal Canadiens games. Carolyn also negotiated for a return trip to Les Princesses while we were there. Since I have no recollection of an earlier trip to any such establishment, all I could say on that one is the kid has a great imagination and shouldnt have to apologize for it.
People not on the guest list include Rutherford, Jordan, Stipe, Naqui, and Osama Banana. Of that group, only Naqui is still aliveChuck never delivered on his threat. 
Whether any justice came out of that gloomy Wednesday morning in Clarksville, Virginia, is up for debate. LaRoches political survival instincts were correct, in that the media played the whole thing up like a Waco. Meaning, sure, there were some bad guys and kooks inside, but that was overshadowed by the disastrous way the government handled the situation, leading to a lot of body bags, denials, and finger pointing. At least that was the overwhelming public opinion.
The president denied authorizing it. But since his handpicked director of national intelligence, Kerry Rutherford, was shot and killed in the melee, he came off as a typical spineless politician. And in a rare moment in the polarized world of U.S. politics, the other side couldnt pounce because of LaRoches involvement. It was a bipartisan screw up, which Im sure Beth and Mrs. B were having a hearty chuckle over. 
A half-truth came out in the aftermath. It was confirmed that Operation Anesthesia was an organization that kidnapped children afflicted with CIPA to basically be used as military weapons. It was big news for a couple of news cycles and then eased into a few human-interest stories. Most people didnt become outraged for a couple of reasons. First of all, nobody knows anyone with CIPA, so it was hard to connect it to your own child. The other, and this is half part in the half-truth, the government, specifically Rutherford and Stipe Security, were never publicly connected to Operation Anesthesia. 
I was envious of the final story, as it was better fiction than Ive ever written. It featured two overly ambitious doctorsJordan and Naquiwho would train and sell CIPA soldiers to terrorist groups. The media even jumped on the fact that Naqui was Muslim. For the most part, they turned a very extraordinary and cautionary tale into a story that fell right off the front pages. 
The governments so called Waco II remained the main focus of the investigation and the media outrage. I figure that was the plan from the outsetto divert attention from the involvement of a top U.S. intelligence official. Even in death, Rutherford was able to bend the rules for the greater good. All the evidence of a Rutherford link had been destroyed, so even if we wanted to go to the mattresses to set the record straight, there is no way we could prove it.
Naqui is currently serving a life sentence, and a controversial one. The controversy is because hes allowed to continue to do his medical research in prison. Im actually for thisI think the world will be best served if he finds that elusive cure to Parkinsons or some other dastardly disease than if we fry him in the electric chair. So perhaps some tiny grain of good might come of all this. Im sure that part of his deal was the reason he never wavered from the two crazy doctors story that was presented.
I have agreed to a plea bargain of my own. Not on the kidnapping, as I was cleared of that. My plea bargain was unofficial. It was with the corporation of Klein & LaRoche. I agreed not to put my reporter hat on and question the truth of the inquiry of Operation Anesthesia, along with leaving certain things in the rear-view mirror where they belonged (like all the stuff that wouldve been in Sam Spiegels article about LaRoche being the real kidnapperof my children). Spiegel chose not to print the article after his sourcemepulled out at the last minute and threatened to join LaRoche in suing him if printed. And in return I got what I wantedjoint custody of my children. One weekend a month, nightly calls if I desire, and they spend the summer with me. It was a special summer with the twins living at the barn house in New Canaan, but I must admit they tired me out and I look forward to getting a break when they go back to Washington tomorrow.
Now that Im a published authornot my political thriller, but my childrens series The Adventures of Peanut Butter & JellyIve become cooler than their other dad, which Im not above saying makes my ego feel pretty damn good. I added another character named Painless to the story, which was inspired by the obvious. She is Peanut Butter and Jellys friend who provides special lessons on why the body feels pain, such as why its not a good idea to touch the hot stove. High concept stuff like that.
And the three of them became friends in real life, spending most of the summer in the new pool. Carolyn is actually more devastated by the twins leaving than I am. Maddie has become what we in the parent business call a stinker. Always spearheading mischief, only to charm her way out of it. Basically a typical seven-year-old, and Ive loved every minute of it. 
Anna is Anna. The rock. My biggest fan and biggest critic all wrapped into one. She has the last word on the Peanut Butter & Jelly stories. A gleam in her eye means I nailed it. A dispassionate its okay means back to the drawing board. When they return to D.C. tomorrow, Im sure they will spend the next two months as the typical exploited campaign kids shown off like prized cattle for the November election. But their other dad needs all the help he can getthe incident in Clarksville has not only ruined any presidential chances he had, but also put him behind in the polls to retain his Senate seat in Pennsylvania. Couldnt happen to a nicer guy. But that said, the twins are excited to see their baby brother again, who will turn one on Halloween.
I look around the grounds and spot Chuck. No Big Bird suit this year, but its hard to miss the six-six behemoth. I also recognize the attractive woman who is hanging on his every wordMs. Stevens, Carolyns teacher. Its actually Lindsey Stevens and she and Chuck have built a friendship. No, they arent dating. He still has a long way to go before that is even a possibility. Shes not technically a widow, but her longtime boyfriend died in a skiing accident almost two years ago. So they have that in common, and can probably have honest conversations on subjects that would be awkward for the rest of us, and which we could never relate to anyway. Shes also a huge hockey fan. I think there is a definite possibility down the line. Hope for the futurea reason to get out of bed. But weve all learned how fast life can change and try to focus on the here and now.
Chuck is also chasing some dreams in other areas. He became an assistant coach for the minor league hockey team in Bridgeport, about a half hour east of New Canaan. Maybe hell coach the Montreal Canadiens one day. Carolyn is no longer allowed to play, but shes still working on it. 
On the whole, I guess Chuck has handled Beths loss as well as could be expected. Hes often his jovial self during the on hours, but a few times, after hes put Carolyn to bed, Ive caught him struggling with his emotions. Were guys so we dont hug and immediately talk about our feelings. I usually give him a few moments and then make up an excuse to head to Durazzos. And after we sip on beers and talk some sports, we get around to the tough subjects. 
I feel a hand on my shoulder and look up to see Danas beautiful smile. It warms me inside.
We pulled it off, she says with her patented optimism, which has pleasantly returned after a year in which cynicism penetrated her world.
Thanks to you, I say.
A devilish grin comes over her face. How about we sneak off to the cottage and you show me your Amish rifle?
I smile back. Logic would dictate that after the events of last fall, we realized what was in front of us, leapt into each others arms and never let go. But we didnt. At first, we retreated to our bad habits and defense shields. Dana was devastated by the loss of Beth. Everyone shes ever loved had left her and it wouldve been understandable if she gave up on the whole hope thingshe was the true abandoned child of the family. It became my job to return the favor, by keeping the torch of hope alive.
The winter was barbarically cold last year, and Dana grew even colder. But we kept up our working relationship, which became more about working and less about wishful thinking when The Adventures of Peanut Butter & Jelly got published. We began a twenty-city book tour this past summer. After a book signing in Seattle on Labor Day, last Monday, and exactly one year after I first wandered into the Whitcombs life, everything changed. Since I dont write romance novels, Ill spare you the details.
We told Chuck and Carolyn during movie night this past Friday. He responded to what we thought was life-altering news by asking, What took you so long? Carolyn just scrunched her face in thoughtshe had no idea how anything was different. Then she called us silly and returned to watching Slap Shot.
I take another look at Dana and again see hope for the future. Im about to take her up on her offer, but shes whisked away by Evelyns drama of the moment. I remain seated and take in what is left of a perfect day. I hear the roar of children in the distance and I smile. I recognize many of those gathered in what Id describe as a muddled huddle. Anna, Maddie, Claudia Kiely, Tanya, who is Carolyns friend with cystic fibrosis, and Lil Hawk, who is up to no good as usual.
Then out of the mob, a little girl begins running toward me. I recognize the run. Its the run of fearlessness. Its a run thats full of life. Its Carolyns run.
She arrives at my feet, huffing and puffing.
Out of breath? See, I told you its all downhill once you turn five, I say with a smile.
She dramatically catches her breath, ignoring my attempt at humor. Once she stops hyperventilating, she says, Were gonna ride bikes in the coldysack. Wanna come watch us?
Shes still wearing her pink velvet princess dress, but has added grass stains to it, which will probably make Chuck happy and Dana cringe. Her hair is a creation Dana calls a French braid and Carolyn terms a le French braid. But her most important accessory is the rose necklace that hangs from her neck. A magical heirloom passed on from her mother, via Calvin. Many people hang a symbol of their savior around their neckthe one who sacrificed their own life for theirs. In that regard, Carolyn is no different.
Sometimes in life a rare feeling comes over you where you realize a moment is perfect and you need to capture it in your mind forever before it floats away. Im in one of those moments right now, and I take a mental snapshot of the special little girl who cant feel physical pain, yet taught me that I need to feel pain to truly live. And the ironic thing is, when I ended the numbness and exposed my heart to the pain of life once again, I no longer felt pain. Confusing, I knowkind of like life, I guess. 
I remain in the peace of the moment and dont want to move. Ill come watch in a little bitIm just going to relax for a while, princess, I say.
Her big hazel eyes turn defiantlike her mothers. Then she flashes me a big toothy grin and reaches out her hand. Stick together, remember?

******

Thank you for reading Painless!

Reviews are greatly appreciated. And if you have any questions or comments you can reach me at the email address derekbkclb@yahoo.com

To find out about future books and updates, you can join my mailing list by clicking here 
Note: Your email address will never be shared, and I only send a mailing when a new book is out, or there is an important update to be shared. And of course, you can unsubscribe at any time.

Facebook: Derek Ciccone Book Club 
Twitter: @DCicconeBooks

Books by Derek Ciccone
Featuring JP Warner (in order)
Officer Jones
Huddled Masses
Psycho Hill (Coming Soon!)

Stand Alone
Painless
The Trials of Max Q
The Truant Officer
The Heritage Paper
The Jack Hammer
Kristmas Collins


Acknowledgments

One thing Ive learned from this process is that writing a book is a team sport, and I sure have a lot of people to thank. Since this is my first book published, I need to first go back to the beginning and thank those who got this process started a long-long time ago. First, and most of all, my parents, who always pushed me to follow my imagination, and only find fault in me when I dont pursue my dreams. And those who encouraged me to read and write at a young age, especially my grandmother, Margaret Larson, who always went out of her way supply me with RIF books. I dont know if I ever figured out that reading is fundamental, but I did learn it can be fun. 
A special thanks to the famous Grams, Harriet Mays, who is my biggest fan, who along with her band of Quilters have always given me unwavering support from the first manuscript on. As did the manytoo many to mentionwho read my manuscripts, no matter how unedited they were or how little time they had, and provided me the necessary feedback. Cant tell you how much I appreciate that! And to Christina Wickson, not only for typing all my barely legible scribbles on legal pads into an actual document that resembled a book form, but whom along with my grandfather, AJ Mays, were always the first to read them. When a twenty-something girl from Connecticut and an eighty-something Texan can be excited about the same material, thats when I know Im onto something. And since my grandfather passed away a month after the book was published, I see it as a blessing that he got to see his protege publish a book. Last but not least, to my tech-genius brother, Curt Ciccone, who I rely heavily on for all technology issues including the website and many social media outlets, and has an incredible patience to put up with my many crazy requests.
Specifically on Painless, I want to thank my other brother, Jason Ciccone, and his family for making the trek with me to Virginia and the D.C. area to do my research, including spending more time than they probably ever wanted in 18th-century plantations! Thanks to Charlotte Brown and Sandra Simpson for editorial and proofing advice that improved the book greatly following its original publication. Also thanks to Andy Carey for his hunting/shotgun lesson that besides proving to me that I have no business ever using a gun, added to the accuracy of those scenes. Anything inaccurate on that subject is all on me. And lastly to his daughter, Kaitlyn Carey, who just by being herself showed me it was conceivable to write a four-year-old who was always the smartest person in the room. 


Deleted Scene (Coach)
Note: In Painless, after escaping Operation Anesthesia in upstate New York, by using the muddle huddle Billy and crew head straight to North Carolina, to confront Dr. Jordan. In the original manuscript, they first seek safety and shelter at the one man who had promised Billy hed be there for him, no matter whatthe much referenced Coach Blake. Obviously it wouldnt have been the most prudent move not to go straight to NC, which was why it was altered, but it did make for interesting give and take when Billy finally confronts his coach, and Carolyn finally might have met her match. For other deleted scenes and chapters check out the blog Dereks Novel Ideas, keyword: Deleted Chapters.

As they moved westward through Pennsylvania, they were facing more danger and paranoia than Lewis and Clark ever did. It certainly wasnt the most linear route to Clarksville, but it was the one Billy was most familiar with, and right now comfort was one of his few advantages.
That didnt mean the eyes of every passing vehicle could be the eyes of the devil. And he figured if you can spot the devil, then youre probably too late to do anything about it. So any comfort provided by their escape, or the familiar surroundings, was balanced by paranoia. During a quick pit-stop at a rest area outside of Binghamton, New York, Billy became suspicious of a short, grandmotherly looking woman feebly using a cane. She followed Dana and Carolyn into the bathroom, where Dana would help Carolyn go potty, check her wounded shoulder, and coax her into taking her fever medicine. For Billy, the couple minutes they were out of his sight felt like forty days in a desert without food. Too grandmotherly, he thought.
His paranoia was just that. The grandmother was legit. But that didnt mean it would be wrong the next time. When Dana and returned safely to his side, Dana whispered to him her fears that Carolyns gunshot wound was infected, which was complicated by the fact she didnt have any of the bodys natural alarms to warn her something was wrong. Her forehead was cool for now, but they knew they would have to get her some medical attention soon.
But her attitude was no longer infected, Billy figuring that if someone could figure out how to bottle a nap theyd be very wealthy. As nightfall began to spring over Western Pennsylvania and the colorful fall foliage disappeared into the darkness, Billy noticed another a little too long of a look from a thirty-something couple in a Honda Accord. Weeks ago he wouldnt even have given it a second thought. He turned to Carolyn and decided to rely on her instincts to sort out the legitimate paranoia from the false positives. He knew the true trick of the devil was to appear as an angel.
You see any dragons driving these cars, Carolyn?
Dragons dont drive cars, silly.
Oh, okaywell, have you seen any dragons dressed as fireflies today?
Dragons dont wear clothes.
He did a thousand-yard-stare into the empty dark highway ahead of them. Do dragons come out more at night?
Dragons are not nocturnal. Dracula is.
He laughed.he wasnt going to win this one. Whered you learn that big word?
My mom.
He needed to get off the mom topic as soon as possible.
Shes missing.
He looked back at her with an evil eye. No more Dracula imitations, okay?
She sighed. Im never going to live that one down.
Im serious, he said in a parental dont make me turn this car around, young lady tone.
Dana smiled proudly at him.
Im sorry, Billy, Carolyn surprised him with a rare concession.
Dont be sorryjust dont do it again.
Im sorry for being sorry, Billy.
He concealed a smile.
They stopped to eat at a greasy trucker diner off of the Appalachian Thruway. A hillbilly looking waitress approached their table and handed them plastic menus. Like Carolyn, she flashed a smile of missing teeth. How yall doing tonight?
Good, thanks, Billy said in chorus with Dana.
She looked quizzically at them. You on vacation?
Why do you ask that? Billy asked right back, his hand on the gun in his leather jacket.
She shrugged. No biggieyou just dont look like the types to come around here.
Yes, we were on vacation, Dana answered a little too quickly. On the sticky table sat a local newspaper advertising Saturdays football game between nearby Penn State and the University of Iowa. We came for the Penn State game. We are alumni, and traveled here from Chicago, she improvised.
Go Nittany Lions! the waitress howled, before turning her attention to Carolyn. Are you enjoying your vacation, sweetie?
Carolyn took a quick breath like she was going to dive into a pool, then said, Oh my gosh.
Billy knew it was kid-code for tangent about to begin. Kind of like gentleman start your engines commences the Indy 500. They were too late to stop it.
We went to my Dads cabin and met this guy named Calvin. He tried to take me away, but we found out he was nice. Then there was, she got very theatrical with hand motions, this huge fire and Calvin turned into a firefly right before our eyes! So we went to Montreal and did Le shopping and got to sleep over at Calvins brothers house. But he died, so we came back and I got shot and met my great grandfather. He was nice but he smelled.
Billys heart jumped out of his body and flopped like a dead fish on the ketchup-stained, plastic table. And to make things worse, Carolyn wasnt finished, Oh, I almost forgotAunt Dana was going to shoot my friend Billy with a gun, but they are friends again.
The waitress patted her on the head. That is a great story, sweetie.
Dana shrugged. She has some imagination, huh?
And shes not going to apologize for it, Billy added with a nervous smile.
The waitress smiled again at the crazy city folk before her. Ill be back with your drinks.
Billy pondered getting up and dashing out of the diner. But he thought it would be more suspicious. It wouldnt be out of the ordinary for a little girl would have a great imagination and tell wild tales. He held his breath, hoping the waitress wasnt on the phone to 9-1-1. Luckily, the waitress soon brought their food and not the police, or worse. Billy and Dana gobbled down club sandwiches, while encouraging Carolyn to munch a littler faster on her hot dogthey couldnt afford to linger too long in one place. When they exited into the cold night air, he feared the bad guys would be waiting for them in the parking lot, but nobody was. Just more empty paranoia.
Figuring out what to do with the car was the next step. The Camaro might have made a good getaway car if their only opposition was the police. But he was sure Operation Anesthesia and Hasenfus had already made the connection to the Kielys and the Camaro would be their primary target.
But the other options were few and far between. Billy certainly wasnt a car thief by trade, and Dana didnt strike him as a hot-wire kinda girl. And ditching the one vehicle and stealing another, even if they could miraculously pull that off, might end up bringing more scrutiny than just sticking with the Camaro. Trains and planes had too much security to even use fake IDs.
He thought of one place he could go, but it was a long shot to say the least. He hadnt seen him in fourteen years and didnt even know if he was still alive. Desperate time / desperate measures.
Night turned from dark to pitch-black as they maneuvered through the Appalachian Mountains. Billy moved onto highway 22-West toward Ebensburg and then merged onto the William Penn Highway. Dana was glued to Beths iPhoneprobably leading a GPS system right to themlooking up subjects on the Internet such as bacterial infections and gangrene. She kept peeking back at Carolyn, who had drifted back into a deep sleep. The gunshot wound had her worried.
Billy carefully descended the Camaro down the winding mountainous roads and landed on familiar ground. But it was so far in his rearview mirror that it seemed like the first time hed ever been there. Dana looked up from the phone and noticed the signJohnstown, Pennsylvania. Population: 77,252.
Are you taking me to your high school reunion? she asked with a grin.
Billy didnt say anything. He was too busy staring out at the ghost city. Hed only been back twice since the day he graduated college, for the funerals for his parents. The last, his mothers, was ten years ago. Its not like he was far away; he lived in the Klein mansion in a suburb of Pittsburghabout sixty miles and one lifetime away. He just never saw a reason to go back.
Johnstown sat in a valley and the view from Appalachians was impressive. Its many lights glowed like an oasis in the desert. But like a lot of things, it looked better in the dark. It was once one of the biggest steel producers in the nation and its Conemaugh River Gap was a big exporting route to both Pittsburgh and Ohio. But years later, Bethlehem and US Steel were long gone, and its last great export to Ohio was a quarterback called The Amish Rifle. It was supposedly the inspiration for the bleak Valley Springsteen sings about in The River.
As they drove into the town, it wasnt its normal sleepy self. It was Friday night and Johnstown High had a home football game. Texas gets all the hype when it comes to a passion for high school football, but it was also king in Western Pennsylvania, highlighted by numerous NFL players and a cheesy Tom Cruise movie. By the number of cars clogging the streets, he figured they must have won. Memories flooded back.
Earth to Billydid you hear me?
He looked at her. Im sorry, what?
You look like you saw a ghost. I asked if you were taking me to your high school reunion.
It was last springthe fifteen year.
Did you go?
I havent been back here in ten years.
The great Amish Rifle never returned in his horse and buggy to the land he conquered?
He remained in his trance. Ill bet they have a new teenage wonder-boy to live their lives vicariously through. I doubt they even remember me.
Dana looked from side to side out of the front windshield taking in the aura of the town. This seems like a place that remembers the past. Maybe a little too much.
He nodded.
Does it look any different to you? Dana asked.
Exactly the same. Not one piece of furniture has been moved.
Are you going to tell me where were going?
He didnt say anything.
They maneuvered through suburban neighborhoods until they arrived at Oak Street. The house looked the same. A ranch style home of brick and vinyl, sitting behind a square manicured lawn. A straight driveway of brick on the right of the house led to a two-car garage.
He was in his early sixties when he last saw him, one year after Billy graduated from Johnstown High and crossed the border to Ohio. He wasnt even sure if he was still alive. But then he saw the wood-paneled station wagonBrady Bunch model circa 1972and like most things in Johnstown, it was still in the same exact spot as the day he left.
Billy remembered him saying that no matter what he would always be there for them. It didnt matter about miles or years, if he got that call in the middle of the night, he would be there. And he said it didnt matter how much trouble they were in, as long as they admitted their faults and were committed to making amends. Billy was about to really test those words.


Chapter 2 (Deleted Scene  Coach)

In football terms it was a Hail Mary; a last ditch desperate pass attempt attempting to avoid certain defeat. In this chase with Operation Anesthesia, Billy knew he needed two Hail Marys, an Our Father, and a miracle of the turning water into wine variety.
On the second knock, a light shot on inside the house. The light emancipated from a large bay window, illuminating the wet grass and glistening flower gardens of the manicured front yard.
Billy took a deep breath, then another, before the front door aggressively swung open. Dana stood behind him and held a still-sleeping Carolyn in her arms.
A man dressed in a bathrobe stood in the door-frame. He angrily put on a pair of glasses as if to do a double-take. He looked older to Billy. Not so much the gray stubble lining his weathered face. It was a tired look and a sad hunch in his back. His eyes didnt have the same fire Billy remembered. They looked lonely. But that didnt mean he wasnt angry.
What the hell are you doing here? he screeched. His voice was older, but still contained the same veracity that used to peel the paint off the locker room walls when Coach Blake used to let his team have it at halftime after what he deemed a lackluster first half. He was wearing his trademark, mesh JHS Football baseball cap over his bald head. Billy felt he was back in the locker room, and felt like he was physically shrinking.
I dont know if you remember me, Coach, its been a long time but Billy began, hesitantly.
Coach Blake furiously shook his head. I dont have Alzheimers, Harper. And even if I did, I wouldve recognized you as the guy on the news who kidnapped the kid. Now Ill ask you one more timewhat the hell are you doing here?
Billy instantly knew he made a mistake coming here. He broke his own rule about the rear-view mirror. The last time he saw him was after he quit the football team. Ohio State called on Blake to talk some sense into him. It almost ended in blows when Coach called him a quitter. He responded by telling Coach he was an enabler of a corrupt system and a sellout of all values he always preached. They hadnt talked since.
Over the last few days, sir, I have come to many of those do-or-die crossroad situations you always talked about. In fact, a few times I didnt think wed make it. But the one voice that popped into my head was not my family or a loved one. It was yours, and I used that wisdom to survive.
Are you on drugs, Harper?
No, sir.
You have a lot of nerve pulling me into your shit after all these years. Now Ill ask you one final timewhat the hell are you doing here?
I guess a place to sleep until morning.
You guess? he said, simultaneously rolling his eyes and shaking his head in disappointment. Will you settle for some advice?
Ill take anything I can get right now.
Turn yourself in and get a good lawyer. Then take a good long look at yourself and what youve become. From my perspective, its a pretty pathetic sight. With the path youre on, jail is the least of your worries.
I cant turn myself in. If I turn myself in then I cant help get this little girl back to her mother.
He looked at the sleeping Carolyn, whose arms and legs were wrapped around Dana. It was amazing Coachs paint-peeling voice didnt wake her. It did seem to wake some neighbors. A few lights switched on in the neighboring houses that lined the quiet street.
I think youre a lying sack of shit, Harper.
Coach had dusted off the rust and he was again in top form, spatting as he talked and his crooked finger pointing wildly. Because if that little girl is in trouble, she will need somebody with loyalty and sacrifice to save her. Not someone who quits when times get tough. And as I always sayonce a quitter always a quitter!
I stood up for what I believed in.
No, you spit on the institution that taught you discipline, loyalty, and sacrifice. I taught those lessons to kids for decades, using football as a canvas. As more and more of those institutions go away from societyfamily, marriage, churchwhere are they going to learn it? Algebra class? English Lit? Football was good to you and so was this town, but you spit on both of them.
You were the one with the loyalty problem. You preached all this bullshit about having our backs, and the first thing you did was side with Ohio State. Did they offer you an assistant job to deliver me?
His old face now glowed cardinal red. Carolyn rustled in Danas arms, beginning to wake. More lights went on in the neighborhood. The police would be there soonJoe Blake was a legend in Johnstown.
Dana tried to step in, Mr. Blake, were sorry, obviously our coming here was a mistake.
She grabbed Billys hand and began to lead him back to the car. Before they reached the driveway, Billy turned and delivered his final words to Coach, likely forever, Im sorry, Coach, but I need to save this little girl. Danas rightI shouldnt have come or involved you. Have a good night, and please give my best to Mrs. Blake.
The man in the bathrobe on the front stoop seemed to shrink a foot with sadness. That would be quite a trick, Harpershe died last year.
Billy felt a mix of surprise and sadness. Mrs. BlakePennywas always so alive it was hard to imagine her dead. She was always the good cop, who had a smile and advice for every player, and was like the unofficial team psychiatrist, in contrast to her curmudgeonly husband. And the contrasts didnt stop thereshe was a beautiful (a former Miss Pennsylvania), intelligent (graduated Princeton) and cultured woman (on board of directors any local theater or museum worth its salt), who didnt have a mean bone in her body. Being with her always made Coach seem human. As they would say in football terms, Coach Blake had out-kicked his coverage.
Im sorry, I didnt know.
He tried to clear his throat. He was so choked up he needed a Heimlich. Almost three hundred of my former players showed up for her funeral, he now spoke softly, his pre-game speeches were famous for starting in hushed terms and slowly building to furor. Steve Cox came from Seattle. Jimmy London, who was defending his country overseas, flew thirty straight hours to be here. They shut the goddam town down the streets were so crowded. But Pennys all-time favorite player didnt show.
Silence filled the neighborhood; even the crickets momentarily stopped chirping. Coach continued, I used to come home cussing you, Harper. You had an opinion for everything and you didnt accept teaching. I didnt think you were maximizing all that talent God gave youand you were the most talented player this town ever saw, Harper, no doubt about it. Do you know what Penny would say?
Billy remained silentthe question was rhetorical. He paced in his slippers the same way he would pace the locker room, building the tension of his speech.
Penny told me I was jealous of you. And you know whatshe was goddam rightshe was always goddam right. But she said it wasnt the amount of talent you had that I enviedit was that you were a better leader than I was. You gave those other kids hope, and with that, they got confidence. Thats when the magic happens. They would run through a wall for you, Harper. That crazy-ass muddle huddle play, the only reason it worked was because you made them believe it would. When belief and hope merge, man can do anything.
Billy nodded sadly. She was a great ladymy condolencessorry to bother you at this late hour. He then started toward the car again.
Damn right she was, Coachs voice pierced the night, forcing Billy to stop in his tracks. And she always told me I shouldnt be jealousI should be proud of you. I have three daughters and Penny would always joke that I had found my son, and he was just as stubborn, loyal, and courageous as I was. She was talking about you, Harper, but the truth is I failed you.
You failed me?
All that shit I used to put you guys through. It wasnt about winning some goddamn trophies for a state championship. It was about preparing you for the biggest game of your liveslife. And the fact that fifteen years later youre standing on my doorstep in the middle of the night running from the law, tells me I didnt prepare you very well.
Carolyn rubbed her eyes and asked, Where are we?
Dana whispered calmness in her ear as they moved toward the car. 
The furor in Coach Blake spilled over. He walked directly toward Billy with his famous bole-legged walk, reminiscent of when he used to roam the sidelines, barking at players and referees. He got right up in his face, reminding Billy of when he used to grab their face masks and pull them real close to this spitting mouth as he would curse them out.
Are you innocent, Harper?
Yes, sir, I am.
Are you putting yourself on the line to protect this woman and child?
Yes, sir.
Then what are you planning on doing about it, Harper!?
Since were royally screwed, I figured wed relax and enjoy it, sir.
Coach aggressively nodded. Then Ill put on some coffee and popcorn.


Chapter 3 (Deleted Scene  Coach)

They entered Coachs house, which smelled like the pipe Billys grandfather used to smoke. The living room was a photo scrapbook of family, former players, and Penny. But surprisingly, not one picture or trophy related to football. All the pictures were graduations, weddings, or Coach Blake becoming the godfather again to another child of a former player. But it also had the lonely, museum feel of the past.
Carolyn was now wide-awake with eyes locked on Coach.
He stared back at her with his penetrating eyes and gruffly asked, Whats your name?
My name is Carolyn, but you can call me Princess. Who are you?
My name is Joe, but you can call me Coach.
Whats coach?
Someone who teaches right and wrong to young people.
Coaches sure get to say a lot of bad words.
He fought back a smile, fighting to remain the rigid drill sergeant. Do you say bad words, young lady?
Billy let me say one in Montreal.
Then you are in big trouble.
She sighed, He told me I could, but I knew I shouldnt have fallen for that.
Get down and give me twenty!
Carolyn jumped. She sat down on the floor and began to countshe had met her match.
I mean pushupsyou know what a pushup is?
Yes, my daddy taught me.
Coach clapped his hands to speed up the process, now unable hold back a big smile. Billy had only seen him smile when he was around Penny. The loneliness left his eyes. Lets goor youll be giving me ten more.
Carolyn got in push-up position. You drive a hard bargain.
No talking!
Carolyn proceeded to do twenty of the worst push-ups in the history of push-upsshe more looked like she was doing the worm from back in the 80s break-dancing days. Coach then ordered her to do ten laps of the dining room. She ran awkwardly and giggled, huffing and puffing.
No pain no gain! Coach shouted again, unable to hold back the grin.
I dont feel pain.
You will when Im done with you!
Carolyn then turned the tables on Coach. He had also met his match. Okay, CoachIll be a bee and you try to catch me! Okay, Coachyou try to catch my shadow!
The seventy-eight-year-old chased her around the house and the smile never left his face, softening before their eyes. Billy wondered if it was the same smile Mrs. B boasted when she chased Beths shadow.
After the workout ended, Coach, a trained EMT who used to be his own trainer at football games when the school district couldnt afford a medic, looked at Carolyns wound. He cleaned it, wrapped it, and never asked about what possible disturbing circumstances couldve led to a four-year-old girl getting a gunshot wound. When Coach delivered news of the wound healing properly without infection, Dana almost collapsed with relief.
After the popcorn was devoured and Carolyn went to bed, Billy and Coach reminisced. They didnt talk about football, but rather, that big game of life. He was especially interested in Billys writing. He never asked about their situation, but offered unconditional help. Eventually, they did talk a little football, but nothing to do with Billy. Coach explained that he couldnt go to the JHS games because his legendary status puts unintended pressure on the current coaching staff. But after each game they delivered him a game tape. Billy and Coach watched the video of the victory over Altoona into the wee morning hours.
In the pre-dawn hours of morning, Coach switched his station wagon in exchange for the Camaro, which he hid in his tidy two-car garage. Billy promised that it wouldnt be another fifteen more years between visits. Coach wasnt big on sentimental goodbyes and gave him a hearty handshake and manly nod. 
Before they left, Billy had one last Johnstown surprise for Carolyn. He knew the logical move would be to get back on the road to Dr. Jordans as soon as possible after their pit stop, since death was likely gaining on them. But he knew he couldnt outrun the Grim Reaper forever, and began treating Carolyn like a terminally ill child Make-A-Wish kid. He brought her to the old Cambria County War Memorial. Carolyn knew exactly what it was.
Whoathats where the Chiefs play! she shouted.
He tried to explain that the fictional mill town of Charlestown in Slap Shot was based on Johnstown, and was filmed here. She didnt grasp the concept of fiction and wanted to go in and see Reggie. He had created a monster! But based on the smile on her face, it was worth it.
