



I Hate Me, Who Do You Hate?


By Maureen Reil



Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2011 Maureen Reil
Revised Second Edition 2014

This eBook is entirely a work of fiction.
The names, characters and incidents portrayed in it are the work of the authors imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or localities is entirely coincidental.
Maureen Reil asserts the moral right to be, identified as the sole author of this work.



Also by the author Maureen Reil

Chick-Lit By Any Other Name (Chick-Lit Collection)
Chick-Lit By Any Other Name 2 (Chick-Lit Collection)
Lily Loves To Love
Sleepyhead Shares A Secret
I Did Write What I Know
Chick-Lit Saved My Life (Chick-Lit Trilogy book 1)
Chick-Lit Stole My Life (Chick-Lit Trilogy book 2)
Chick-Lit Staged My Life (Chick-Lit Trilogy book 3)
Chick-Lit Collection
Chick-Lit Trilogy
Mistletoe And Wine (Christmas Comedy Trilogy)
Mistletoe And Wine 2 (Christmas Comedy Trilogy)
Mistletoe And Wine 3 (Christmas Comedy Trilogy)
Christmas Comedy Trilogy
Lets Get Married (Lets Get Funny Fiction)
Lets Get Together (Lets Get Funny Fiction)
Lets Get It Started (Lets Get Funny Fiction)
Lets Get Serious (Lets Get Funny Fiction)
Lets Get Ready To Rumble (Lets Get Funny Fiction)
Lets Get Physical (Lets Get Funny Fiction)
The Finch Family Holiday (Comical Vacations)
The Finch Family Holiday 2 (Comical Vacations)
The Finch Family Holiday 3 (Comical Vacations)
A Granny Is For Life, Not Just Christmas
Lets Get Funny Fiction 1 (Three-Book Bundle)
Lets Get Funny Fiction 2 (Three-Book Bundle)
Lets Get Funny Fiction (Six-Book Box Set)
Comical Vacations 1 (Three-Book Bundle)



Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38




Dedicated to my late mother
Kay Reil



Chapter 1


Before I knew what was happening, the branch was in my hand and I was swinging my arm back and forth and hitting the bloody thing with all my might. And if I wasnt standing in the middle of the street with passing traffic, then I might be on my knees and flocking myself with it instead whilst voicing repent at the top of my lungs for a bit of relief. Only a moment ago  the bushy twig had been happily hanging off the nearby tree and minding its own business and getting on with the task of growing leaves or berries or whatever it does  until Id ripped it from its stem and laid into a frenzied attack. You know that famous scene where Basil Fawlty goes berserk and attacks his car in a similar fashion, because the stress of everything combined just got to him and then the car refused to start. (I had watched the box set with my dad over Christmas.) Well Id found it funny too, until I find myself doing near enough the exact same thing this morning as the car stalled before itd died a measly death on me.
I very nearly ran out of petrol as well and was frankly running on fumes, whilst stupidly thinking that I could make it all the way to the pumps before the inevitable happened. And now I, namely Amber Greene (I know, who names their kid two colours right) well I am late for work yet again for the third time this week. I knew I should have gotten that second-hand electric, Smart car instead of this heap of shit. Maybe the smart bit would have somehow rubbed off on me and I would not be quite so dumb, maybe not. So with half a tree in my hand  I am getting some satisfaction from this damn good thrashing  as I take my frustration out on the immobile vehicle. When all of a sudden, some bastard on a push bike decides to ride past me and going right through a big puddle which ended up splattering me with some oily mud (and Ill never be able to get the stains out of my shoes or coat, no matter how hard I scrub I might add).
Look what you have done, you moron, I scream after him but I do not think he heard me despite not wearing a helmet, for he rode off without even turning around. He is probably not even deaf but simply got ear buds in underneath that mop of dark hair. I hate it when people ignore you and I hate people who selfishly listen to music, just to block you out of their private world. In addition, I have run out of cigarettes, which frankly can turn me into a homicidal maniac any minute now if I am not careful.
Are you all right, lover? asks a man, practically hanging out of his van window. You know the type, those with only one arm that has a permanent tan from exposing his bare skin to the constant weather be it hail, rain or shine.
I will be, if the likes of you leave me alone, I retort and I feel like punching something I am so mad. It is a good job that he has a vehicle door between us.
Touchy . . . and here was me about to offer you a lift, seeing as youve broken down and all.
I wouldnt get in that van if you held a gun to my head, now piss-off before I call the police. I took note of his number plate just in case he took me at my word, but he took the hint instead and sped away at breakneck speed.
It has been a horrible morning so far, I have just had the mother of all rows with Adam. It was, started by me after he had received a text message from his ex and I did not even know that they were still in contact with one another before it escalated into something downright ugly. Now I do not even know if I have a boyfriend anymore, let alone anywhere to live if he kicks me out of the apartment that we share together. Well, he owns it and I just moved in with him because it was more convenient for work. (This is what I told him anyhow as I did not want him getting any ideas that I loved him or anything of that nature.) He would not just turf me out, right. No, he is not a hardnosed kind of man and besides he told me that he loves me and you do not just get rid of someone that you profess to care so deeply about just like that. If I do find myself out on my ear, then that fact will totally peeve me to the core because I am just, not independent enough to afford my own great flat like Adam. He is a website designer from a privileged background and I am not.
Having done the whole housemates sharing thing and now the live-in boyfriend thing, I am beginning to believe that I am probably better off living alone. For I can be a bit of a slave to my angry emotions, that often form the dark mood swings and the tantrum throwing shit that I become. Oh, I nearly forgot to mention that I hate myself. It is not to the extent of wanting to commit suicide or even in a self-harming sort of way. As I cannot stand the sight of blood for a start (especially, my own) and the same goes for any form of pain. No, mine is more of a good old-fashioned self-loathing kind, which does not really damage anything physical apart from my relationships with men that is.
Enough about those woes, for now anyway as I have parents giving me the weirdo eyes while they walk past taking their offspring to school. One little angelic blond-haired chap, all of about six picks up another stick and actually hits me hard with it on the leg. They do say that violence breeds violence and this just confirms my loathing for kids. They ruin your world clearly and I definitely do not want any, ever. My friends tell me that Ill change my mind when I mature  well now that Im twenty-seven (going on seventy-seven judging by the way Im feeling this morning since its not only my heart that aches) so when that time comes around then Ill hopefully be too old to conceive  end of and indecision solved.
The boys mother is wearing a fleece jacket; she gives me an evil look but it is not me, who has raised her baby Satan from hell as I stomp past them to catch the bus into work. I currently have employment as a beauty therapist at a salon called The Royal Treatment which resides in the posh part of this large Lancashire market town as it stands today, but it wasnt always the case. It is located in the massive main square that offers everything from luxury goods to quaint little teashops. The double bow fronted building has small oblong shaped windows, which are in keeping with it dating back to the Victorian era. It is one of those destinations, that tourists like to visit and try to imagine living in such splendid surroundings and locals come here to escape their busy modern lives and pretend that they too are strolling through a much more pleasant period in our countrys history.
Mind you, saying that, if it was to travel back in time then there are probably a few things missing from the scene, like the childrens malnourished bodies lying on the ground because they have died during the night and gin-soaked women that are trying to sell their wares for another drop of the hard stuff. Not to mention the thieves, con men and murderers who patrolled this neighbourhood in Victorian days gone by. Why would anyone look on this period and think it all lovely and nostalgic is beyond me? No, give me this current millennium any day of the week. I hate history, why look back or forward come to that since I cannot stand those who are obsessed with the future either. I live in the present and am just trying to survive this life, never mind worrying about the next. Im talking about all those lost souls who believe in the afterlife and contacting them; well I also include this load of codswallop on my list of things that I hate since the way I see it, its basically just ripping off the poor grieving people for money (even though some would argue that it brings them comfort). So who am I to judge what works for them?
The grand premises where I work are set over four floors; the basement houses the staff room and storage plus a small washroom. Whilst the ground floor level is the domain of hairdressing and the second story is home to the beauty department. With the third being the lavish apartment of the owner Mr Nash. We sometimes rename him Mr Nashty when he verbally goes off on one, as he will probably do to me today for I am already on a warning about my constant tardiness. And dare I admit it, my inability to pay attention through gritted teeth when I have to endure another boring staff meeting with the prim and proper Paige, who is the head therapist and manages us lot in beauty.
Luckily, Mr Nash is nowhere in sight so I whip off my coat and load my arm up with nicotine patches from my locker, before I make my way into the staff room. Where I sneakily take a vacant seat next to the lovely heart shaped face of the rosy-cheeked Alison, who gives me a generous smile like always. I do not know how the young trainee always manages to be so God damn happy all the time. She is very sweet but so annoying with it, that it sometimes makes me want to hurl. And her appearance is immaculate too as usual; no wonder shes the current favourite with Paige seeing as she is just as pristine as her mentor.
Speaking of Paige, with her long dark hair scraped back into a serious ponytail using a single black band to match her sensible flat shoes. She even has grey eyes and I have never actually seen her wear anything of colour and even her coats, jackets or bags are all monochrome which is just so dull if you ask me. I on the other hand am a riot of colour, for I love to mix them with my purple wedge shoes and the jade dangly earrings that match my green eyes. They were a recent making up present from the boyfriend, even though I was too stubborn to apologise which is sadly yet another trait inherited from the mother that I never knew.
I also have on a thick red band, which roughly holds back my bumpy auburn tresses since I had to use my fingers on my hair because I had flung the brush at Adam in anger this morning. I have and this depends on whom you speak to, but my dad says that I have a great mane of hair just like my mum. I however, can put it bluntly when having been cursed with a natural curl to my hair that frankly borders on the complete frizz. Moreover, I am often too lazy to bother straightening it so it remains a work in progress.
I am also quite tall with gangly legs that can make me sometimes seem a bit clumsy. It is just another one of the things, which I hate about myself and this is probably why I got into this beauty game in the first place. I must have foolishly thought that it would improve my looks no-end and lesson the self-loathing; it seldom works. I repeatedly tell my clients this in my head but never aloud because then, I would not have any paying customers left. I suddenly glance down and realise that I still have the chipped bright blue nail varnish on from the other days tester that I had tried on. I am such a lazy tramp by all accounts.
That is not the only thing I notice about my shabby appearance, for I have a large gold-rimmed creamy stain from who knows what on the front of my white uniform dress. As I place my hands on my lap to try to hide it from the eagle eyes of Paige, who simply cannot abide by such things. I look around at the eager faces of the other young women here  who hang on to Paiges every spoken word like it was God himself giving the evils of stealing beauty products speech  which would result in going to hell or the unemployment line and isnt that the same thing anyway.
Indeed, I cannot quite believe it when bleached blonde bitch Janine stands up and grasses me out whilst pointing in my direction shes using up the samples that should be handed out to the clients. We all know that theyre not for our personal use. But then again  I cant deny it when Im wearing the telltale paint job for all to clearly see  so I guess you could say that I was caught red handed or should that be blue fingered?
Amber, can you wait behind after the meeting; I need to speak to you? Paige asks without even looking at me. It is not the first time that they have reprimanded me for taking samples and it surely will not be the last because I cannot help myself sometimes.
Janine sits back down with a smug smirk aimed at me. While I bite my lip, but what I really want to do is to fly my fist straight into Janines full moon shaped fat face. I imagine it instead and in the daydream  she even loses a tooth or two  now thats a happy thought and I told you I had anger management issues. I do not know what I have done that is so bad to that girl, but she does not like me one little bit and will take every opportunity to show it. The disliking of me all started when a new trainee called Vicky joined us and I recall that she was such a timid little thing. I sort of took her under my wing and showed her the ropes so to speak. Then one day I found her crying in the toilet and that is when she confessed that mean girl Janine was picking on her, just as she did at their last work placement together. Well with me being hardly the font of all wisdom and knowledge, I had foolishly ordered Vicky to be strong and talk it through with Janine in a bid to end all this silliness since it might help to sort out their differences and make them disappear altogether.
Apparently it was all over Janines last boyfriend (who for all of four weeks and four days later) had dumped her for Vicky, to whom he then consequently dumped for yet another girl seeing as he was just a player. That is when the lifetime of hatred began, which to me was making Janine bitter and twisted enough to lock poor Vicky in the sauna room by using a broom across the handle until she passed out. I was sad that Vicky let Janine drive her away, because she could have made a decent therapist given half a chance. Nowadays I suppose I am the brunt of Janines little snide comments when she mutters something about my dirty shoes that is loud enough for everyone to hear as I am suddenly, looked down upon.
Christ what are we, pathetic hormonal teenagers back in high school. Are we not women in our prime of life that should know better about how to behave in the workplace? Only Janine will get her comeuppance one day and I want to be there to see it happen, preferably make it happen even. Everyone else leaves the room to get on with their working day as I remain firmly in my seat. Paige makes her way towards me whilst putting on her glasses, before she leans forward to lift up my right hand in order to inspect the colour on my nails more closely. She pulls a tanned face at me and wrinkles her heavily freckled nose to show her disgust.
I know it looks terrible now but at the time that I applied it, I thought it looked pretty cool . . . and anyway, the client didnt want it when Id offered her the free sample, I say whilst thinking that I heard someone at the door, so I look around sharply and listen.
Paige shook her head and said if you werent the best therapist here. I mean all the clients adore you for some strange reason, then you and those thieving hands of yours would be fired . . . and if we were in the middle east then theyd probably be chopped off!
Oh by the way, did you have a nice holiday there? I quickly change the subject to avoid punishment for my crime. A wide smile ascends across Paiges chops, so perhaps my plan has worked.
It was everything Id dreamed of and If you must know, I met someone but its early days and I dont want to jinx it by discussing it yet, replies Paige shyly and almost whispering just in case someone was at the door listening, namely Janine.
Youre always nicer to us lot when youre in love, so heres hoping that this one lasts, I express this cheeky observation just as the friendly face changes back to the familiar bossy boots one.
What is that unsightly mark on your outfit? I dont know how many times Ive told you that it has to be pristine white, or change it.
But I dont have my spare one with me and I dont know what the mark is from. Oh hold on, I had a curry for dinner with Adam; maybe I spilt some of it. It was then that we both realise that it has nothing to do with food at all. What happened after the takeaway whilst on the couch with my boyfriend, which accounts for the strange stain?
Youre disgusting, go and wash it straight away. Ill be deducting the time off your pay mark my words and thats an intended pun by the way. Paige is grossed out by the thought of what remains on my uniform dress and sends me to the washer/dryer room, where I don one of the thin white cotton robes while I patiently wait for my garment to be cleaned.
It was not the first time that I had been down here or even, having money docked from my wages just like last time when I had accidentally slipped on the wet tiled floor. All because I had neglected to mop up after having spilt, some mixed herbal massage oil there beforehand. I happened to be carrying the clients coffee to them, which resulted in thankfully me wearing it and not Mrs Brentford. We definitely would not have heard the last of that, if I did douse the old mare in caffeine. I am soon joined in purgatory by Imogene who is a junior in hairdressing because she has towels to wash, lots and lots of white (not so fluffy anymore) towels. While she is not, best pleased to find me hogging the industrial machine judging by the face she is expressing right now for she seems in a bit of a hurry.
Are you going be long, because Ive got to practice my showpiece for the Blackpool competition soon? Imogene asked while looking at the square metal clock on the yellowing wall. She is dressed in her uniform that consists of white trousers and a baby pink tunic.
I am but a slave to modern machinery Im afraid, so I can only go as fast as it will allow, I reply and feeling slightly claustrophobic at being stuck down here in this basement room. Imogene plonks her bum down on the bench and plays with her rainbow of coffee and cream coloured long hair, which is, held together into a loose clip on one side. She looks thoroughly confused by my comment.
So, are you going be in the beauty side of things in Blackpool or what? Imogene asks me with interest, but the mere mention of the annual event makes me feel rather nauseous to be honest.
As its not compulsory to attend, I think Ill give it a miss this year. Especially after what happened last year, I tease as I stroll over and take my overall out of the washer to place it in the dryer.
You cannot leave it there . . . tell me everything, insisted Imogene with eyes that had one eyeball slightly looking to the left and I had never noticed this before until now.
Ill tell you, if you give me one of your cigarettes. I can see the packet sticking out through your pocket. I was chomping at the bit.
But Ive only got five left and those Ill have to share at lunchtime. I dont know . . . cigarettes are like currency in a prison around here. Imogene handed over the much-needed booty.
Oh, it was nothing really . . . just the fact that I drank too much white wine at lunch time which found me hurling my guts up over the male head judge. This resulted in his biased vote being cast for our rival salon, who then won the prestigious award that we should have got instead. I am still in the doghouse with the boss over that one.
I see. Well Im excited to go, itll be my first time competing, replied Imogene with a disappointed look on her face, like she was expecting some big sex scandal or something along that line.
Are you Ok? Youre scratching like you have nits or something. I watched the young woman closely and soon realised that it, was just the irritating hair extensions that had caused her to have this unfortunate habit and she probably does not even know she is doing it half the time.
I do not have nits so do not be telling anyone that I have. Im just itchy, thats all. Imogene clearly took the hump and set about shoving as many of the dirty damp towels into the washer as she could get into the machine and still close the door, before leaving me in peace to have a crafty fag. The towels will not wash or dry properly like that, but it is not my place to tell her off about it so I do not.
I start to think about Adam and the fact that he has not text me yet, but he must know by now that I am too pigheaded to contact him first. After all, it was entirely his fault; our little spat in principal had been a bit rough though when he had pushed me hard against the kitchen table. I found it very manly and very sexy for I half expected him to then, jump on my bones with passion. Instead, he just fled the flat in a flash and I found myself wanting while in need of a time machine so I could start the morning all over again, only this new scene would play out rather raunchier on the replay.
I am certainly not having the best of mornings so far and it could get worse. For I soon find out that I have a regular in the form of Mrs (motor mouth) Minnelli, as my first client of the day. She never shuts up as the verbal diarrhoea spills forth from her gob in that screechy high-pitched voice of hers, which always leaves me with a pounding headache afterwards. I have her booked in for a pedicure with her podgy feet and sausage toes, which are so misshapen and crippled from wearing pointed high-heeled shoes all her life, that she should just have them removed altogether. That would save me the trouble of trying to perform miracles, in an attempt to make them look anywhere near half-decent.
She is (how can I put this kindly without insulting her kind) simply a talentless lazy bimbo, who once appeared in a commercial with a nonspeaking part and calls herself an actress for life. I am just jealous I suppose because her rich husband loves her so much that she is literally, spoilt rotten by him while at least she had the good sense to marry well. Unlike me for I am probably destined to be the preverbal lonely dead woman who is only, discovered weeks after her death lying in a pool of boxed wine and half-eaten by her own cats (even though I cannot stand the furry felines and they must hate me too, if they eat me). Although I do recall that when I was younger  I always wanted a puppy like the one on the adverts for toilet rolls then again  who did not.
Right now, I cannot even handle the responsibility of looking after myself let alone anything else. And that brings me full circle back to Adam  who regularly complains that Im not wifely enough  whatever that means when were not even married and I dont posses any intention to be hitched anytime soon. As I really do not see his point of view, unless of course he is talking about me not being the obedient little doormat that he can control. Now there is one thing I will never be, so I guess I do have a lot of my wayward mother in me after all.



Chapter 2


I finally drive home in my car having rescued it from the clamping firm that had held it to ransom, before I threatened to firebomb them with my can of petrol and lit cigarette. My face still hurts from all the false grinning that I have to do as part of my job description. I totally empathise with the person who is supposed to have been, fired from playing an animated character at a kids theme park because they had refused to smile all day. Was that only an internet rumour  who knows these days what is fact or fiction anymore  because I for one do not.
It is not long before I arrive at our apartment block  only to find that out on the front mat is my faux snakeskin suitcase that I had purchased recently because it was on offer and to be honest  I do not even really like it. But I have a habit of buying stuff on impulse and then getting it home, where I discover that I dont know what possessed me in the first place to hand over good money for half the things I purchase. Then, I am usually stuck with it for I am too lazy to bring it back. The designer excess of shoes and clothing had been bundled into black plastic bags but thankfully (being that it is the appropriate day for the refuge men to turn up) they had refused to take away my stuff since they were not in the proper grey bin. I am literally fuming by this state of affairs (not that they did not take away the bags this time for that usually annoys me) but for the fact that I was being tossed out like garbage. I suddenly turn an unhealthy shade of pale purple in anger, which always made me wonder why the Incredible Hulk turned green, seeing as this colour is clearly associated with sickness or jealousy rather than rage. As I am no comic book expert, there might be toxic reasons involved here so please do not hold me to it.
Anyway, I cant get my key to work in the lock as Adam has only gone and changed the damn thing which of course he has every right to do I suppose seeing as it is his place after all. However, I will not, be treated like this so I bang on the black door with my right fist and kick fiercely with my left foot whilst I keep my left-handed forefinger firmly ringing on that bell. Adam is clearly not in but the nosey neighbour across the hall is, since the much older woman than I am with the gold velour tracksuit and blue paisley patterned headscarf opens her door instead.
I cannot even remember her name since I have always tried to avoid her, for I had heard from Adam that she could be a bit intrusive into ones personal life as she tries to befriend all the folks who live in her block of apartments. We have only officially met once before and that was when I had just moved in. I recall that she had made me nearly jump out of my skin, when she had suddenly popped her head around the open bedroom door to introduce herself. Really, I think she was just spying on my gear as I unpacked to see if I was her sort of people.
The same woman in question now enquires have you two had another fight? Only Id witnessed Adam flinging down your bags and storming off earlier on.
Itll all be sorted soon enough. We always break-up and then make-up. Thats the fun of being in a relationship, isnt it?
Here, let me help you with those. She kindly takes hold of a couple of bags before mentioning you should really take better care of those designer boots, theyll last longer. I could recommend a good scratch guard and interior padding for them, if you like? Meanwhile I wonder how she could possibly know about them without going through my stuff, but I let it go and say nothing seeing as she gives me a friendly little wave goodbye before departing my company.
It starts to rain as the weather matches my mood, while I sadly load up my small baby blue coloured car with tears streaming down my face. As even, I do not believe it has come to this over nothing really, after several months of living together. Who cares if I am not a domestic goddess and a bit on the ladette side of life? Does that make me unworthy of his affection? I think not, for I had honestly thought that Adam understood me like no one else ever did. At least I learned that someone could love me if not live with me forever and I will miss him more than I can put into words right now, so I will not bother explaining further.
I am not talking about missing the monetary aspect of having Adam in my life but he did pay all the bills as the only thing I contributed towards our outlay was the odd takeaway meal and cinema outing or an impromptu trip to the pub for the evening, that kind of stuff. Well they do say that two can live as cheaply as one. This is a quote, which I had often used in my defence to avoid paying for anything other than spending my cash on frivolous girly items. It does not really matter if you do not have anywhere to live I suppose. Any young woman these days would understand my plight  seeing as I do not earn a great deal  but still feel a need to maintain a certain lifestyle whilst keeping up with the girlfriends and such. Speaking of which, I now call one of them in the vain hope that she will take me in just so I do not end up sleeping in some Godforsaken doorway this evening. Because lets face facts here folks, theres not much room left in my car to put my head down now that its full of my gear.
Hello . . . you sound upset, whats up? asks my friend. Thank God Kim wasnt out on one of her date nights as she likes to call them  even though they more often than not dont include any romance with her boyfriend of five years and one child later  simply because a lot of them are to formal social events and dealing with the entertainment of his clients. Adrian treats Kim as if she is his mistress even though he is not married anymore since his first wife divorced him (before he met Kim) and sadly having turned him against the idea of wedded bliss for life. He lives alone like a carefree bachelor doing as he pleases, when he pleases. You see, there lays the difference between Kim and me straight off. She wants commitment and I do not want to be tied-down. I do not want marriage, I do not want kids and I do not even want a serious boyfriend really. I just want friends and lovers and a decent place to live and a job to go to and lastly, to have some fun in life without all that responsibility for other people stuff getting in the way and being weighed down with the burden, stress and guilt which often accompanies this type of average lifestyle.
Adrian only contacts Kim when it suits him, specifically, for a booty call and her man has not exactly bonded with his son (who is a complete mini-me of him). After I had explained briefly about my tiff with Adam, Kim told me well what are you waiting for, make your way straight over to my place and I will see if Valerie can come on over too? My friend is indeed a great mate to have, for she wants to comfort me in my hour of need. How many people can say that about their so-called chums? Since everyones so busy these days and getting on with their own lives that youre lucky if they remember to drop you a line on your internet message board now and then just to prove that theyre still alive and you hadnt missed their funeral, simply because there wasnt one to go to.
So having travelled into the city, there I stand on the doorstep of Kims (two bed-roomed) townhouse with a couple of the bags in hand as the rain pours heavily down onto my head from a cracked gutter. This is a good job really seeing as it hides my own frustrated teardrops, which lay prominent on my cheeks. Then suddenly the gutter breaks altogether and mind you, I could have done without the soggy rotting leaves and twigs which now ring my hair like a Christmas wreath that has seen one too many bad winters. I feel like screaming my head off and smashing something up just to get the anger out that is welling up inside me. I must not wake Charlie for I know how Kim struggles to get him to sleep at night. So I pull the maddest face I can muster and let out a silent scream  that in my head out does any movie victim being closely chased by the obligatory axe wielding murderer  whos just witnessed her family being butchered and is next for the chop because she cant keep quiet.
The red painted door seems to take an age to open as I am continuously; pissed on by the Gods, which is probably a just punishment for all the bad thoughts I have wished at people lately. Kim finally presents herself in person with her son tucked firmly under her arm. Charlie wriggles to get free from the big blue fluffy towel that he is currently, smothered inside of in a bid to protect him from the cold evening air.
You look wetter than Charlie here. He has just been, plucked from his bath kicking and screaming. He didnt want it to end quite so soon, said Kim, while stepping aside to let me pass.
Sorry, Charlie . . . blame, me not Mummy for your playtime ending abruptly. I give the little dude a smile and he gives me the tongue, as the two year old sticks it firmly between his baby teeth that are starting to grow around his dummy.
I didnt even know it was raining this hard. We were too busy splashing about in the water making bubbles. Werent we, snuggles? Kim gave Charlie a tickle which made him give out a wicked laugh that put the shits right up me, for sometimes he does have the look of a demonic child and I might even go as far as to suggest that Kim check underneath his hair for the sign of the devil.
If you want to put Charlie back in the bath . . . I can just wait downstairs until youre finished?
No, its fine. Hes all shiny as new, now that weve got all that dirt off him from making mud pies in the garden earlier on.
God, do kids still do that? I mean . . . we did that when we were his age because we didnt have anything better to do, but surely the youngsters today have plenty of things to play with which should make for a cleaner playtime.
Charlie is a typical boy and he loves to get dirty and besides, its healthier than sitting in front of a screen all day. Why do you think kids have many allergies that were never, heard of when we were young? Ill tell you why . . . its because they dont get enough exposure to the outside world and build up any kind of immunity against such things.
Yeah thats true, but television and computers can be educational as well and it gives you some freedom to get on with other stuff.
What can be more educational than the natural world around them?
I suppose youre right. Hey, youre the mummy around here and not me while they do say, mum knows best.
And dont you forget it. So why dont you take a nice soothing power shower while I put Charlie here to bed with a story. Kim must have read him the same one at least a hundred times before. It is his favourite and ensures that he settles down well after an evening bath. That is another reason I could never be a mum since I have never, in my whole life before even read a book twice. Sometimes I struggle to finish them at all  not because I have learning difficulties or anything like that  but if it does not hold my interest then I put it down and do not ever bother going back to finish it. Once I know the ending from say watching the film or TV adaptation then that is it for me, forget it altogether. As far as fairy tales about a pot of porridge goes, I simply do not have the patience or enthusiasm for it and I am glad it is not my job to read to him. I would make the worst nanny ever and Mary Poppins has a lot to answer for because everyone thinks that the British ones are all like this, but sadly were not all gifted with being that kid friendly.
Kim on the other hand was definitely born to be a mummy, seeing as she mothers us all in some way or another. I soon feel slightly better by having washed away the crap that has become my life, when I light up a much-needed cigarette and take a deep drag on it. Then Kim comes into the living room and tells me off you cant be smoking in the house, you know that and you also know where the patio door is so thats no excuse.
But it is still raining; I will go outside when it eases off, promise.
Ill not have you polluting my air space with your filthy habit.
Err, less of the remarks. I seem to remember that you used to enjoy this too.
Well that was before I got pregnant with Charlie and you know it. I have not touched one since and if you are finding it so hard to quit, perhaps you should think about having a baby. You never know it might work for you too.
I dont want a baby and I dont want to quit. I like polluting my body and I hate it when people tell me that I cannot. But out of respect for your sons health, I will go outside, I say and stroll over to the patio doors, where I swing them open and lean out as far as I can without actually getting wet from the overhanging roof.
I can still smell it and if I can smell it then I can breathe in your second-hand smoke. You can use the shed at the bottom of the garden when its raining.
Yeah, thanks. If I like it in there, I might even move in.
Therefore, off I shoot while racing down the long thin garden to get to the shed before the rain puts my cigarette out altogether. It was locked shut. As I had to then sprint back to the house in order to get the key and back again. All this exercise might take away what little puff I have left in reserve for having any cigarettes if I do not sit down soon. I mean, I have been on my feet all day in work and I need to take the load off as they say and just relax. While I use the mobile phone in my pocket to be my guiding light as I spy one of those fold-up lightweight chairs hanging up on the back of the shed door. Thatll do nicely I think to myself as I open it with glee that I have at least the space to take refuge in here with some much needed comfort and luxury.
It was then that I suddenly heard music and the smell of real ale coming from over the fence. Who in their right mind is having a barbeque in this weather? Well with me  being the inquisitive type well I simply had to find out  rain or no rain. As I yank the flimsy chair over to the blue painted fence and I stand on it to peek over into next doors garden. It was not the marquee that I was expecting to see, but a glorified shed, which had had an extension reaching beyond the realm of decency for merely supplying a place for tat that cannot fit into the home. No indeed, for this was a mini public house as it even had a sign and a licence note above the door. Only if I had a pub in my backyard and I could name it anything in the world. I could surely come up with a better title then The Pussy and Pint. Perhaps it is a naked lap-dancing bar but when I look at the signpost, it depicts a cat holding a glass of beer so maybe not.
The getting up on the chair part was soon, mastered with relative ease but the getting down again was the tricky balancing bit. The chair began to wobble when lifting one foot off it and I tried to grab hold of the top of the wooden fence for safety but only succeeded in gaining a splinter instead just as the chair decided to do what it was, designed for as it folded beneath me. This in turn sent me tumbling down into the thorny bush beside it. Was this natures revenge for me ripping the branch off that tree this morning? With the music blaring out from next-doors pub, because someone had left the door open then no one could hear my cries for help. Well I had to scramble about and rescue myself from getting any more thorns in my side (literally).
Jesus, what happened to you? You only went out for a fag and youve come back looking like youve been dragged through a bush backwards, asks Kim and smirking at my hedgehog impression. Not only is my jogging pants, pumps and sweater covered in thorns but my towelled head too, from where Id bulldozed my way out of that wretched plant. To be fair, I had dragged myself out of that bush backwards so she was not far off with her analogy.
I have a splinter, I replied and holding up my hand to show her, my war wound.
Do you want some help removing the thorns?
I can probably do that myself. Would you be a love and get this splinter out? Im such a baby when it comes to things like this.
Jeez, hold still. You were not half-wrong when you said that you were a baby. Charlie can handle getting splinters out better than you.
OK! You just go for it and I will not even look. Ow, that hurt. You are not digging for gold, you know. Be gentle with me.
Ive got it . . . see, she insists and holds up the tweezers that contains the tiny splinter, which was causing me such a huge amount of pain.
I rub some medicated cream into the wound and change the subject I didnt know you had a pub next-door. Can anyone go to it or is it a private members only kind of affair?
So thats what you were doing, spying on the neighbours. To answer your question, it opened last week and I do not know what type of pub it is. But I do know that if they keep Charlie up then I will be complaining to the local council about it and try to get it shut down. Speaking of drinking alcohol, Kim had produced a bottle of red wine as she pours it into three glasses.
Is Charlie joining us for a drink because theres no one else here? Before Kim can give me back a smart remark about teaching her son the dangers of under-age drinking, the doorbell goes.
Ill get it, says Kim as she dashes off to answer it before it wakes Charlie. I really cannot be bothered to straighten my hair as I have lost count about the number of times I have burned my ears. In fact, it is a wonder that I still have anything to hang my sunglasses on. So I think I will just towel dry it and brush it instead. While I let the natural curl proudly, come into its own since I am certainly past caring by this stage. The snugness of the fluffy pink robe soothes my inner soul, seeing as I had changed into it from the prickly garments that I was wearing earlier on. It somehow wraps a comfort around my body that I really need right now. As I am currently raging with self-hate for I have mucked things up big time with Adam, my lovely boyfriend. I do not like to use a possessive word when speaking about that man, but what else, can I call him.
I do not have much time to dwell on it as I look up from my slumber on the couch to see that Valerie has arrived. Her petite frame bounds towards me with arms outstretched and sadness in her smile but also, hope in her heart for a speedy reunion. I know the way her mind works, since she believes that there is no barrier too high to climb over if it is indeed true love waiting for us on the other side. Me on the other hand, well I would not even cross a busy road if it meant that there was a designer handbag waiting for me on the other side with my name on it. That is how lazy I am when it comes to the things that I adore.
We have been through enough difficulties over the years to rely on each other to be the emotional crutch whenever needed. Valerie grabs a glass of wine and knocks it back whilst encouraging me to do the same; she must have had to put an animal down today. I can tell by the signs for a) she is all forced smiles and b) she is trying too hard to cheer me up when inside she feels lousy and c) she keeps picking at her cuticles since she does not like what her hands have had to do in work. Valerie is a vet by the way, but even she cannot override Mother Nature and sometimes Gods will, will in fact get the better of her. She cannot possibly save every animal that she meets. Only Valerie has a hard time dealing with this impossible issue.
Kim is a couple of years older than us two are with her silky smooth, chestnut hair and she used to work in public relations at a massive PR firm in the big city next to our town. That was until she got pregnant with Charlie and the doctors gave her a choice to either get off her feet or lose the baby. So she quit the very next day with encouragement from Adrian, seeing as hed concluded that it would make her totally dependent on him and it has I might add. As Adrian gives Kim a monthly allowance and pays all the bills, for he is a wealthy barrister who represents some famous people as well as some dubious local gangsters to name but a few. While I met Kim long before Adrian came onto the scene  when she was one of my very first clients that used to come in regularly for one of my special massages  which took the stress right out of her day job.
As for the baby faced Valerie, well, we met when she used to be one of my first ever housemates along with my ex-best friend named Coral Dickson. Valerie was studying to be a vet and then she moved out to buy her own, one bed-roomed flat along with her last boyfriend. Only I could not afford to make up the short fall in rent on my wages alone, having fallen out with Coral Dickson big style and I might tell you all about it one day but not right now. This in turn forced me to move in with a bunch of brand-new housemates that I did not even like, out of desperation at not having to go back home to my dads place. Did I mention that I was stubborn? When I stayed there in the cheap digs until I fell under the spell of Adam and agreed to shack up with him instead. As I recall, I took up residence almost immediately after our first one-night-stand because he told me he loved me during sex. I know people are always saying it then, but no one else had ever said it to me before. It is not that I am that impulsive or even desperate for a relationship to make me whole as they say. Nevertheless, I do believe in taking chances when they come along since I had figured out a long time ago that I get that part of my personality from my mother too.
Kim meanwhile, with her loving nature cannot stand to see anyone upset for long. She suggests that we do something to take my mind off Adam how about we bake some bread, thatll cheer you up. I know how you love your carbs. She slaps my thigh, cheeky mare.
All right, dont rub it in. I know Ive put on a bit of weight recently, I retort and feel even worse now. Then I realise that I have not eaten since lunch and I think she knows this too. How on earth, did I ever end up with two great mates like these I ask myself? Being that I am not exactly the friendliest person in the world sometimes. As I watch them messing about in the kitchen  knocking back the wine and dancing around to the background music from the radio  whilst trying to make me laugh with their flour flinging frolics and try saying that after a glass or two of red wine. I observe that, we now know what Kim will look like when she gets older seeing as her hair quickly turns an elderly shade of white.
Valeries honey blonde hair still sports that Rachel cut from the programme Friends, which everyone simply had to have back in the nineties. She is probably hoping it will come back into fashion as Valeries face really does suit it. Then the tone takes a serious note as Valerie opens Kims stainless steel fridge and discovers her eggs are not free range and her chicken is not organic. Not that Valerie eats meat anymore since Dale came on the scene some six weeks ago. He has a rather big nose and is that not a sign of having a big penis too or is it big feet? I can never remember which one, but if I was a bloke then you could be sure that I would know these things off by heart. Talk about life changing moments because Valerie was the biggest steak lover I have ever known and before him, anything resembling a vegetable was simply garnish to her. Nowadays, its nut roast this and spinach that. God knows if the only meat that passes her lips lately actually belongs to Dale, but it is vulgar to mention it so I will not.
I soon plonk myself down at the kitchen table, which is out of harms way for I like to eat food, not make it. Besides, I would only muck it up so the bread probably would not rise, mind you, people do enjoy flat bread so there is still hope for me yet. I slowly sip from my glass as I start to wonder why the three of us just cannot be ourselves and still get the bloke that we deserve. Love is so unfair.
What are you thinking about? Kim notices my stillness.
Oh nothing really, Im just trying to figure out what exactly made Adam take this action against me . . . and is my only way to fix it by changing like you two have in order to hold on to your boyfriends, I say, whilst watching the rain which continues to pour down the outside of the window.
What do you mean, change? Im still the same person just because I have a child, thats the only thing different about me, replied Kim with a pounding of the dough that spoke for her true feelings.
Before I can state my whole case, Valerie jumps in with just because I am vegetarian now, this does not mean that I have changed either. I was planning on cutting back anyway and going on a diet way before I met Dale.
I finish my remaining wine and make a stand as I lean over to refill the glass I warn you now, this is probably the drink talking. First off, you got pregnant on purpose and tried to trap Adrian into marrying you, which did not work. Therefore, you decided to return to your job, which you loved doing by the way but that has not happened because Adrian wants you fresh and frisky not tired or stressed by work and motherhood combined. And this has you trying to please him over your own wishes, while you sit and yearn for an adult conversation. I shake my head and snort loudly for I am not through with sounding off as I then turn my attention towards Valerie.
Dont bring me into this, she pipes up and tries to carry on with the bread making with the intent of ignoring my opinions and me.
And you . . . have donated all your beloved luxury leather goods to charity because Dale told you to. He reprimanded you into believing that hemp was much more acceptable and I am not saying it is not, but it just is not you. Dont you two understand that these men dont love you for being you, they love you for being adaptable to them? I have finished my talk, so I sit back down and look at the darkness once again through the window as if it never happened.
Wow, where did that all come from? What you are getting at, is that we are all undesirable as ourselves . . . hell; we should start a club because I am sure there are more of us out there, if we advertised on the net. But what shall we call it? Kim said sarcastically as she sat down next to me and drank my wine since hers was all gone.
Oh Im not really having a go at you two. I am just sad because I cannot see me altering my personality that drastically. Im far too set in my ways, so I guess I wont be getting back together with Adam and this time its definitely the end of the road. I reached for another bottle from the rack and opened it but as I did not have a glass anymore, I drank straight from it.
I think we should call it, The Unlovable Club because basically thats what wed feel if we didnt make compromises in our relationships. And if I was you, I would try a little harder in future or it will be a lifelong membership for one, Amber Greene, said Valerie and I knew she was right but I refused to abide by it and change. I guess I am too stubborn for my own good sometimes.
We drank some more while the garlic bread that Valerie made went into the oven and Kims bread maker machine did its thing. I thoroughly enjoyed eating a hot slice that was dripping with yummy runny butter. It was so good I even licked up the bit thatd landed on the dressing gown; Im such a mucky pup sometimes that I could do with Charlies old bibs. The whole house had that wonderful freshly baked smell which really warms the cockles of your heart and makes you feel right at home even if it has been, bruised if not totally broken and left to freeze over.
Later on, Valerie had contacted her boyfriend Dale because she was too drunk to drive home. He soon turned up driving his converted Land Rover that now ran on chip fat or something similar to that. Dale impatiently honked his car horn rather than knocking at the door. It was probably to avoid Kim because the last time they had spoken, it had turned into an argument about nappies of all things. He had been upset that she had polluted the planet because she had been too lazy to wash some terry towelling ones. Kim told him that she would remind him of this fact, when his time as a parent began and see how far down the line he would get with it before giving up in earnest. Everyone wants to save the planet, of course, everyone needs that but actually doing it is another matter entirely.
Kim in retaliation had scolded him about his plastic coffee cup lids that were also filling up the landfill sites without any help from her. The jibe was, aimed at Dales business for he runs his own string of coffee shops. Although to be honest, Dale does import the beans from Fair Trade growers only. It is the process of getting the stuff to him, which unfortunately wrecks the environment with a big carbon footprint just as everything else seems to these days. It is practically impossible to be totally the eco warrior that he would like to be and still make a living.
Kim was not, best pleased as she went upstairs to comfort Charlie who had been suddenly awoken by Dales noisy vehicle. When Valerie and I opened the front door, the overwhelming smell of a curry house hit us as it came from the exhaust fumes. That is simply because that is exactly where Dale had gotten his oil. It made me very hungry and longing for a Chicken Tikka Masala, whilst I wondered where the nearest takeout was around here. So I flicked through the local phone directory for an appropriate place to take my order. Then Kim carefully descended down the stairs and being careful not to trip over as she carried a spare sheet, a double duvet and a couple of pillows for the pullout bed that was concealed inside the couch. I was then, shown how to set up my resting place before Kim bid me a goodnight. She seemed extra tired to me as I guess having an overactive toddler will do that to you, thankfully, I do not have that little handful to deal with in my life.
But I was slightly miffed and put out, because Id just ordered a meal for two to be delivered soon and now I will have to wait up for it and then eat it all alone. While I switch on the television and there are many porn channels to choose from, which frankly just makes me wish that I were back in Adams arms right about now instead of here. I couldnt change channel fast enough, only to find yet another one with similar material on show as I wonder if its Adrian or Kim or both who might be into it. Mind you, it is probably standard issue these days when you have the full ever-expanding package and watch a lot of telly as Kim does since she has not been working.
And little did I know that Charlie had snuck down the stairs, where he observed boobies as he likes to call them but did he have to be so loud about it. I had jumped up from my dozing horizontal position and dropped the remote in the process. Charlie tried to be helpful by flinging it back towards the couch for me to catch, but missed horribly as it went behind my head instead. I swept him up in my arms in a bid to carry him back upstairs but then, the doorbell repeatedly rang out into the night and it will wake Kim if it carries on any longer.
As I passed by the front door, I opened it to the deliveryman who too was now, soaked by the broken gutter all because it was chucking it down again. I took one glance at the soggy brown bag that contained my late night supper and told him come in, before you drown out there. He had hardly entered the hallway before the bag disintegrated altogether and landed in a heap on the carpet.
It crossed the threshold, so technically it was intact when I delivered it to you, says the man in his defence of not having to get me another one to replace it.
In my haste to take Charlie back to bed, I had rather forgotten the sight and noise that was beaming out from the large flat screen TV. Why it was probably in HD for all I knew but thankfully not 3D, as those breasts do seem very pointed and quite similar to ice-cream cones. It strikes me that if she ever breastfed with those things then it would be like, drinking through a straw. It did not; go unnoticed by the man or Kim for she came down to see who was ringing the bell at this ungodly hour. My friend snatched her innocent child from my arms, who was by now demanding boobies again, before she fled the scene back upstairs with a stony glare thrown in for good measure. My hands were now free to pay the man, who gave me a right funny look and then he muttered something under his breath like I should report you to the RSPCA. I think its disgusting, its probably some form of abuse to be subjecting a child to porn.
The RSPCA stands for animals . . . not kids, you moron.
Yeah, exactly . . . thats what you are for letting your little boy watch that filth with your lesbian lover. he says and nods his head at me. Why do men always assume that if the woman is taller than he is, then she is batting for the other side? I really could not be bothered to explain myself any further to this cretin, so I pushed him out the door and told him to F-off in 3D when I stuck my two fingers in his face. I will not be making any more orders from his particular outlet, as I had grabbed the directory and scribbled out the name and number of his workplace just to make a point of remembrance.
After much searching for the remote went on, I had finally settled down to watch some old horror movie from the seventies where the blood was strangely the same orangey/red colour as my curry, which could put some people off but not me. The crisp poppodums had shattered into a million bed crumbs later, but I was too mentally exhausted to bother cleaning them up so I just snuggled down into the duvet of crunchiness. They always include something that you did not order by calling it complimentary. Then you feel so obliged to eat it because they made it especially for you that you end up feeling sick, since you are stuffed to the brim with this strange potato concoction. If we ever got onion barjis from a takeaway, then I would always give them to Adam since they were often a little too much on the greasy side of life for me. As I suddenly feel sad again, that he is not here to share my meal with me. Needless to say, I fell asleep with the telly still on and having eaten only a small portion of the supper for two. It will not go to waste, since thats dinner sorted out for tomorrow anyway.



Chapter 3


The following morning I find myself woken up by Charlie, who is nestled in beside me and prodding at my bra-less breasts through my bed tee shirt. He is once again demanding boobies and I worry about what I have done to the poor child by subjecting him to porn at such an early age. Then Kim appears from nowhere and whips him up only to breastfeed him, which was a relief to know that I had not corrupted his tiny mind after all. It is only now as I raise my head up that I sorrowfully hold it in my hands, since I have that same headache I always get when I mix my wines. You would think by now that I would have learnt my lesson, but that probably will not stop me next time either.
Kim tells me help oneself to some cereal or you can have toast if you prefer.
Yeah, cereal for me thanks. I hope the milk comes from a cow and not you. I thought youd long since given up on that breastfeeding malarkey.
I only intended to do it for his first year, but . . .Kim stops talking and sighs heavily as Charlie has his fill then wanders off to play with my bra, which was lying on top of the arm of the couch. Most boys that age would be in to cars and trucks, but not Charlie it seems seeing as he has only one thing on his mind and thats boobies all right. My mind on the other hand can but boggle at what he will be like when he grows up into a man or is this, the start of where most men learn to love womens breasts and they never lost that interest for life.
So why carry on breastfeeding, if you dont want to?
Well, I am a bit concerned that Im creating a little monster by continuing with it, because hes literally become obsessed and bordering on being a full-blown milk junkie.
Why is it a problem? Is your supply drying up or something?
No, nothing like that . . . I could probably produce more milk than a herd of cows if I wanted to. Only Charlie is going to go to nursery soon, so I hope he wont be demanding a different kind of attention from the carers whilst there, said Kim and watching her son carefully as if the answer lies in his actions.
So why havent you just stopped before now? I ask, while trying to wrestle my expensive bra back from the toddlers small hands.
Its not that easy when you have certain people making demands on your body, replied Kim with another sigh.
Im quite sure even you could fend off little Charlie here and force a kiddie cup on him instead, I said as the vice like grip from the young lad stretches my favourite bra to the very limit of its capacity.
Its not Charlie so much as Adrian who insists that I carry on. Kim stands up to go and collect the mail that has just popped through the letterbox. She strolls back towards me whilst shifting through the envelopes, while I finally secure my item of underwear back before hiding it under my tee shirt from prying eyes and thieving hands.
Huh . . . I never had Adrian down as the breast is best kind of man somehow. I mean youre always moaning about how he never pays much attention to his son, so I didnt think he cared that deeply. I leave the couch in order to get some breakfast.
Its not that Adrian cares that strongly about his sons wellbeing but oh . . . hold on a minute, says Kim, before plonking Charlie down on the brightly coloured kiddie beanbag and switching the telly on to one of his favourite programmes to distract him from our chatter.
I meanwhile have helped myself to kiddie cereal seeing as the grownup stuff had run out; the empty box remained. This stuff is so sickly sweet that I just might honk any minute now, because of woofing it down in one go. Jeez, this is horrible. Ill have no teeth left by the time I finish it if I carry on.
Dont eat it then.
But theres nothing else.
In that case, Ill have some toast instead, says Kim and popping some of our leftover bread that we had made last night into the toaster.
Anyway, back to the reason that you still breastfeed . . . I said as she passes me by to get to the fridge and removes the raspberry jam jar in order to place it alongside the white butter dish on the wooden worktop next to the clean knife.
I dont really know if I should be telling you this.
Well you cant leave it at that . . . I wont sleep, for wondering what it is.
Oh what the heck, Ill just say it anyway. Adrian likes to squirt my breast milk over him during sex, as it turns him on, said Kim before taking some of the cereal in a bowl over to Charlie.
Well I definitely think I am going to hurl, right now in fact, as I lean over the sink but it was only in my mind. That certainly comes under the term TMI. Thank you very much for sharing but now every time I see Adrian I will have this mental image in my head of you two going at it with him covered in the white stuff, I say, whilst shaking my head and thinking myself lucky that Adam and I never got to the messy baby stage.
I dont know what youre getting on your moral high horse for, because youre the first to blab about Adams ratings in the bedroom department and his passion for going down on you. Kim sniffed as she grabbed a paper towel to blow her nose on, noisily.
Yes, but that is perfectly normal for consenting adults. And forcing someone to produce milk for their own sexual pleasure isnt in my eyes . . . unless of course, youre willing to demand something from him in return that is, I said, while once again resorting back to my cereal sugar rush and trying to regain some temporary energy for my tired state that I find myself in.
Like what . . . I already feel like a prostitute for accepting money from Adrian. I used to support myself once upon a time long ago when I had a life. I really do miss working for a living, my brain is slowly turning to mush by being at home all the time, replied Kim whilst the toaster popped up the perfectly cooked bread and now, I wished that I had eaten that instead of the cereal.
I think, one . . . you should get Adrian to give-up more of his free time to spend with Charlie. And two, as soon as the little one is settled in nursery, you should go back to work before you turn into a brainless zombie.
For once Kim totally agreed with me yeah, I suppose youre right. As I was glad to be of service before I head out into the long garden for a morning cigarette to accompany my tea. The rain from yesterday was but a distant memory seeing as everything looked so fresh today, if only I could feel as brand-new too.
The day after next was my day off work, so I decided to face the situation and risk further injury to my heart by paying a visit to Adam. It would just be a means of testing the water to see how the land lies and if we have any chance of getting back together. I am sure I will be able to tell if our relationship is worth fighting for once, I have seen his face seeing as my drunken voicemails and various text messages have so far gone unanswered. I even tart myself up on the off chance that he will not be able to resist me, before I make my way over to Adams place. To my huge disappointment, it is not him who opens the front door to me but his mother.
Hello, Germaine.
Youve already wrecked his life once by entering it. Are you here to cause more damage? Germaine scolded me, for she had planned for him to have a great one with the ever-precious Pippa. You see I forgot to mention that when Adam and I got together, he was already engaged to be married to someone else namely one woman called Pippa Reece-Royal. His mother simply adored her because she came from a wealthy, well-to-do background like him (it probably takes one snob to know another) unlike me. I was the cheap, common slut according to her, who had used sex to seduce her son because his then fiance refused to sleep with him until they were married. Indeed  it probably was a prize to behold  being one of the last virgins in the western world. What is not to love about that?
Pippa was also an etiquette queen, having gone to a posh finishing school, where she had learned to be just as annoyingly pleasing as Adams mother Germaine to those that matter. That is what Adam loves, sorry loved about me was the fact that I am not like them at all. I am far from perfect and I do not care who knows it. I am not very organised and I am often scruffy whilst I cannot cook, will not clean or lick arses. I am messy and miserable while I scream, shout and get upset about nothing most of the time so talk about a drama queen because I qualified with honours. Only I am also fun, affectionate and daring, be it a little high-spirited now and then which can be a handful sometimes I will admit. In addition, I do not know which fork to use for which course seeing as I had made Adam laugh once when I had used the dessert one by mistake at his mothers table for my soup. He adored the look on her face and I will never forget it too, but for very different reasons.
Wheres Adam? I finally ask, having plucked up the courage and ignoring her comment as I peer over Germaines shoulder and trying to see past the large, fur collar of her Gilet jacket. However, the strong willed mare will not budge an inch and let me past for she stands her ground on the not so welcome mat with a can of anti-tobacco air freshener to hand. I feel like ragging my fingers through her sleekly tied up, dark hair and totally messing it all up, because I know how long it takes her to get it to her high standards of perfection.
Hes not here.
Adam . . . its me, Amber, I call out in the vain hope that hell hear me and come running but once again, either he is genuinely not in or hes just ignoring me.
I told you, hes not here. Goodbye, Amber . . . I hope never to see you, ever again. Germaine gives me one last, long dirty look with her beady eyes before sniffing the air around me and spraying the orange blossom scent in my direction and then, she slammed the door hard in my face. I really hate that snotty cow, but I need to be civil about this if I am ever going to get Adam back. While I remain there for a moment wondering what my next move should be, when the door slowly opens across the hallway. It is the nosey neighbour once more, as she comes over and puts her arm around me for a much-needed gentle hug.
Would you like to join me for a refreshing pot of tea, Amber? Some people just dont have the manners they were born with. She nods in the direction of where Germaine was standing only a moment ago.
Yeah, that would be great. Thanks, I reply and not wanting to be rube in the face of kindness as I accept her hospitality.
Ive just made a fresh brew and its always nice to share it.
I have to admit, Im terrible with names and I cant remember yours. I even forget my clients names sometimes in work and that tends to get me into trouble with the boss. My clients never forget my name though seeing as all my uniform dresses say it in writing in black, swirly stitching so they always know as to whom to complain about in work.
My name is, Brenda, Brenda . . . Brenda and if I say it often, enough then you will not forget it the next time we meet. Will you? asked Brenda x3 with a smirk. I like this woman, I have just decided.
Do you mind if I smoke? I really need a drag right now to ease my stress. I answered her question with one of my own, whilst sitting down on a leather-dining chair. Well it was the only one, which was free from all the stuff she has scattered about around here. I thought I was untidy.
Id only object if you didnt offer me one. Ive been trying to give-up since before Methuselah was born, says Brenda as she grabbed an ashtray off the side table.
Is Methuselah . . . your daughter? Thats a really unusual name, isnt it? I asked while offering Brenda my lighter.
No, God no . . . I never wanted children until it was too late. It is only a saying but it is probably way before your time. Anyway, how do you like your tea? Brenda set about pouring it out into two china blue and white patterned mugs.
Oh, very little milk and two sugars please. Thanks. I am handed the cup which has the spoon still in for me to stir it myself. I look at my host and smile, as most people are nice deep down if you bother to get to know them.
Adam must really care for you. He hasnt been his cheery self since you left.
Dont forget, it was him who made me leave. Besides, it is too soon to make judgements on his true feelings towards me. I wont know this until I see him face to face.
Right you are. Thats what you must do, find him and have it out.
As not to get upset about Adam, I want to change the subject when I notice that there seems to be quite an assortment of photos surrounding us. All of them contain famous faces next to Brenda, with loving messages written on them. I enquire with a wave of my hand Brenda, how do you know all these people? I was sincerely hoping that she is not one of those overly obsessive fans, who constantly stalk celebrities and seek them out wherever they go in order to annoyingly, get their photograph taken alongside them.
Oh, I used to be an agent with many a high profile client on my books. Brenda picks one of the pictures up and wipes her sleeve across it to remove the dust. She must have been doing it forever and a day or should I say, since before Methuselah was born judging by some of the older ones scattered about.
Brendas home is very eclectic to say the least and she seems to have a strange fascination with frogs. They are everywhere, whether it is in the form of cuddly or plastic, picture or plaster. Their big eyes all watch me puff away in-between sips of tea. Then, I look at Brenda and realise that she does bear a striking resemblance to not so much a frog, but an old toad instead. She has a very wide smile and bulging eyes; a tiny nose that has had so much surgery that it has practically only two nostrils left to make it signal any prominence on her face. Her wrinkled brown skin is the dried out victim of many years worth of lying on sun-beds and they do say that smoking can cause you to age rapidly too.
Were you ever married? I ask for I do not see any evidence of such, like a ring or a wedding photo for instance.
Huh, I have never found anyone to put-up with me for long enough. I suppose I was married to my job in some respects, that was until I retired . . . then I realised just how important it is to make time to develop relationships, otherwise, you could end up tired and lonely. And before you ask, Ive no pets either especially cats. Brenda gave out one of her wide smiles, which oddly enough, goes and mirrors the frog that I can see behind her head.
We talk some more as she lets slip some of her favourite moments, from all the various stars that she has worked with as she wanders about and picks up their cherished photos. I wonder why Brenda does not write a book, because she does have quite some stories to tell. As I am sure fans of these people would be very interested to hear it, particularly in our celebrity obsessed culture that we currently live in. You only have to see the headlines on newspapers and magazines to realise this. I am adamant that if Brenda did then it would be a bestseller, hell; I would probably even read it. Only she clearly does not see this lot as subjects that should be, written about but as friends that she still holds dear to her heart and you do not gossip about your family if you know what is good for you. That rule does not apply to other peoples kin, surely.
Where are you staying then? Christ, I hope shes not about to offer me a place here. The frogs that clutter up her home are way beyond tacky while I would be too tempted to make a huge bonfire and burn the lot, if I had been drinking heavily that is. I would also find the frustration of living without the love-of-my-life as he resides across the hallway simply too unbearable for words.
Actually, Im settled at my friends house and hopefully it wont be for too long. I do plan on getting back with Adam as soon as possible. I crossed my fingers for added luck.
So, do you have any loved ones to speak of?
Yeah, but I seldom see my dad these days. He still pines for my mum of course, having never gotten over the fact that she left us when I was a toddler. She said that she doesnt do family.
Oh thats a shame. You turned out fine regardless and hey, it is her loss. Tell me more.
My dad . . . well I call him that but really, he is my stepfather. We do not know who my real one is and they had married when she was already pregnant with me. My mum took all her photos with her, so I do not even really know what she looks like or even if she is alive. Then again, she must be because we havent been asked to check her dental records by the police.
It is all in the past I know but my stepfather never wanted the divorce. He insists that I am so like her, it is hard to be around me sometimes and still not adore her. I have tried to get him to move on and find someone else, since she obviously has and he really is a sweet man who deserves more out of life then he is currently getting. Only you cannot force someone not to love somebody just because you do not want that person to continue hurting. Can you. I ponder this as my thoughts turn back to Adam and his mothers scheming ways. Speaking of my dad  somehow all this only succeeded in making me want to go and visit him today  unexpectedly.
Well my father left before I was even born. Now my mums in a nursing home after having suffered a massive stroke which to be honest, I find difficult to deal with since shes the only family that Ive got left. Mind you, we were never that close to begin with. Brenda does not seem to want to elaborate on that relationship and I do not get to find out what the problem was between the two women.
It was at this stage that I begin to realise that I have a lot in common with Brenda; in fact, she is like an older version of me. Then I look into the face of my possible future and feel a sudden need to change my destiny if possible. I think its high time I was leaving. I am going to visit my dad. Anyway . . . thanks for the tea and sympathy, not everyone has the time to spare these days and if they have then they will usually find something else to fill it.
Youre very welcome around here any time. And if you do move back in across the hallway then I would like to think that we could friends from now on. Brenda gives me a hug goodbye.
You know . . . you probably wouldve made more than a half decent mother if youd have chosen to go down that route.
Youd better believe it. I would have done a better job than your absent one that is for sure. And Id have been proud to call you my daughter along with Methuselah your imaginary sister, muses Brenda.
On the drive towards my dads house, which was also my childhood home thats still packed to the brim with memories of my mums abandonment and thats one of the reasons that I hardly visit, for I dont want to be reminded that I wasnt loveable enough for her to bother staying with me. I had moved out of it as soon as I could afford to support myself with the help of a few flatmates along the way, notably one of them being my good friend Valerie. In a way  I suppose I had abandoned my dad too because I recall that he had begged me not to runaway and forget him  as my mother had done. Of course, I promised not to be a stranger but I am not sure that I succeeded on that score.
So anyhow I am currently, stopped at a red light when I glance across at a trendy outdoor canopy covered restaurant with mini patio heaters on every table, only to see Adam in broad daylight. He is having a late lunch with precious Pippa of all people. The car behind me suddenly honks to let me know that the traffic lights have changed to green. I am still obsessively staring at the two of them, who are too busy twirling their food around to bother noticing his actual girlfriend watching them from afar. I guess Germaine has finally, got her wish; I mean if they do get back together but let me leave them with one final thought. This finds me parking my car around the corner and positively seething with more and more rage the closer I get to the smiling couple. I take them by surprise and proceed to plonk the bowlfuls of the garlic sauced linguine over both their heads as I go ballistic at the mere thought of them seeing each other for cosy lunches behind my back, even though there is no other proof of this.
Amber, what the hell are you doing? asks Adam and standing up with arms outstretched in total shock. Pippa is blinking heavily.
Not only do you both deserve that, but you bloody well deserve each other. Im done with all the guilt I carried around, about stealing another womans bloke, I shout. Then I storm off before Adam has a chance to explain some feeble excuse. I get back in my car and zoom off, whilst nearly colliding with a man on a bicycle. He was not wearing a helmet I might add, so it would not be my fault if I had caused him to be brain damaged from a near fatal tussle with my vehicle, now would it.
He was wearing a dark blue, pinstriped suit with a briefcase to hand; I mean, who in their right mind would ride a bike and wear that? You are only asking to turn-up at some meeting, soaking and muddy not to mention sweating from all that exertion if you ask me. Ill get you on the way back, I yell out of my window. Then I deep breathe the rest of the way to my dads place in an effort to calm myself down and when I arrive outside his house, I light a cigarette just to settle my nerves as I dont want him seeing me in such a state.
While I spray myself with perfume in a bid to disguise the smell of smoke and as for my stinky breath that will be, sorted out nicely with some spearmint gum that I frantically chew on. It is funny but I have been doing this since I was a teenager for my dad does not approve of my smoking habit. He keeps bombarding me with lectures about the unhealthy relationship between my cigarettes and cancer. My dad has in the past; even contacted the NHS quit smoking helpline on my behalf and regularly tries to sign me up for a programme. Speaking of the man himself, he greets me with open arms as I squirm uncomfortably in his needy embrace.
My dad has always been very affectionate with me so talk about praise to build confidence in a growing child. He simply marvelled at everything I ever did or said. If I would have picked my nose and used a hanky to wipe it, instead of my sleeve then he would rejoice that I was indeed a true lady who should marry a lord. As a result, I rebelled and stopped behaving accordingly, when he tried his best to be both mum and dad to me. I was not a very good child who played by the rules since I was always breaking them and by all accounts, I am not much better now.
I was hardly through the door when he started firing questions at me so how is your relationship with Adam going? Before I could answer him, he had added are there any signs of a wedding or perhaps grandchildren likely on the horizon anytime soon? I do think you are both very well suited and your mother had you when she was much younger you know, so no time like the present.
Im pretty sure that that isnt going to happen with Adam or anyone else for that matter so dont be building your hopes up. I keep, telling you this, only you will not listen. I will never wed nor have babies. I do not want to dampen his enthusiasm for seeing me settled down but I have to tell him this repeatedly because he just will not accept it. This is my life to live how I see fit and I will do it my way.
You always say that. I was just hoping that you might change your mind if you met the right man. It could be Adam thats all Im saying. His once contented face suddenly falls into a troubled expression that I recognise from my youth when I would not always do what I was, told. Now I feel guilty for continually letting him down, because he really wants me to fulfil his dreams for me and I do want him to be happy but I have to be happy too.
As I lie to him when I say never, I dont know what the future holds. And one day . . . those things might happen, stranger things have. Not that I necessarily want them to but I would have liked to, have had the chance to grow old with Adam. My God, that is the first time I have admitted that.
Well, I must say that youve made my day just for seeing you here, he says as I take a seat in the armchair instead of the couch, just so my dad cannot smother me any further with more of his endearing hugs. You should ring me more often, just to let me know that youre all right. I do worry about you so.
I cant afford the phone bills, because you will tend to go on a bit and then some.
Anyway, I must warn you not to get too comfortable in that chair. I was just on my way out of the door when you had arrived. If only you would have rang me first, I would have told you this but I did not know that you would just turn up. It is such a shame that we never spend any time together as we used to. I do miss that, you know.
This only adds to the guilt on my poor excuse for a daughter feeling, which I immediately try to dispel as it can get a bit monotonous when I feel nothing but. So I said this is just typical, I have made the effort to come and see you on my day off work, but you are off out. Where is it that youre going?
The bowls club is having a bit of a competition on this afternoon and I cant miss it because Im in it, to win it as they say. Well I never thought I would see the day that my dad puts his bowls club first over me, but it seems to be more important to him at present. My dad suddenly suggests how about we go along together. It is the local semi-finals and do not forget, you have never actually seen me play in all these years that I have been going to it. That will be some more guilt for me to handle then and I will be sorry I came in a minute. I still think he is far too young for this game seeing as it is mostly, the more mature population who play it but he used to go with his father and after the old man died well he just carried on going I guess out of habit.
So here I stand, upright on the wooden bench instead of sitting down in order to get a better view because I cannot see whether my dad hit the jack or not, as the case may be since I then find out that he has just landed his ball in the gutter. As I step across to the green painted railing, whilst holding onto the fence posts to steady myself before jumping down to go over and congratulate him anyway. In my haste to do so, I slid horribly on the damp spongy grass that has only gone and soaked up all the rain from last night. Because of this, my boots leave two deep grooves embedded into the perfect lawn, which thankfully did not interfere with the play. On the other hand, it does not then go unnoticed by the official looking people in the white coats either. Get off the green, young lady or well have to ask you to leave. Why are the ones in charge wearing lab coats? Did this game start as some sort of experiment to test the endurance of the elderly? Questions like this often pop into my brain and I must warn you now, what I am like before you read anymore of my story.
Yeah, I understand. Sorry about that, I shout over to them and hold my hands up to stress that I meant no harm and it was just a bit of Greene on green. This time I go through the low fenced off gate and take to my bench once more under the shelter of the overhanging roof. I really, really cant see the appeal of all this because to me its the type of sport which is probably more fun to play than actually watch and being a bit like snooker or darts or even boring cricket in that respect.
And boy do they take it all so seriously since I notice that theres nothing friendly about this competition, especially, when they complain fiercely to the ref (if thats what hes called, Im not sure) about even the slightest misdemeanour. This situation certainly calls for a timeout and I resort to my pack of cigarettes in a bid to try to enjoy being out in the fresh air. Even out here, I am getting looks from the people around me as we sit in front of the clubhouse. Christ, can a girl not have a smoke in peace without feeling that everyone disapproves nowadays. I take the biggest drag I can muster and fill my lungs to bursting capacity before I snuff out the remaining half on the fence post (dont worry, I do it lightly so as not to damage the paintwork because I dont want to give them a reason to speak to my father about my behaviour).
I honestly thought that my half-smoked cigarette was well and truly out for it had ended up in the wicker-hanging basket just as I had intended all right, simply because there was nowhere else to dispose of it. However, things never run smoothly for me of course seeing as the fag then proceeded to set fire to its dry moss covered container with the flowering plants in. I later found out that they had won a first class display prize from the local council for all their efforts to make this place look pretty, until I came along. Out of my way, coming through, I shout as the people around me part to let me pass. I grab the fire extinguisher that was strapped to the inner doorway of the clubhouse since this whole place could go up any second now if it catches light, being that it is made out of green painted (could be the flammable type) wood. Now  having never actually used one before  I did not realise how powerful they can be just as the foam soon made their faces match their white clothing. Everyone by now had run onto the grass to escape getting soaked if not burned and I was not the only one with unsuitable footwear on the green after all.
So it turns out that because of my clumsy actions, I am escorted away by men in white (no jokes here about it being about time) whilst they take me by the arms to the car park. Please take note that you are banned from attending all future games, so do not try to sneak back in. And as for joining your father and becoming an actual member, well you can forget it. I am told this firmly but politely by the committee chair or chairperson or whatever it is that they like to call themselves these days, I do not know. My poor long-suffering dad gives me that well-worn look of disappointment. It is not in me but for me and I loathe myself all over again because I always mess things up, when we hear the sirens from the fire engines heading our way. There was really no need to call them and stop the tournament altogether because I had already dealt with it, but that did not matter at this stage in the game. I end up actually getting a lecture from the chief man in the white helmet on the dangers of careless smoking. Jeez, whenever I am around my dad, I feel like a naughty child all over again.



Chapter 4


It has been a few days now since my boyfriend ejected me from his life like some DVD machine spitting out its disc. And speaking of DVDs  Im sat here beyond bored at this stage as I watch some more computerised childrens crap  all because I felt obliged to mind Charlie while Kim goes over to Adrians plush loft apartment. After all, she was kind enough to take me in when the only alternative would have been to stay at my dads and I can only stomach so much loving attention and pity in one go. Besides, I have not told him about Adam and me splitting up since I know how upset he will be by this sad news. I am certainly, not cut out for this childish nightmare of a world though while I try half-heartedly to make some dinner for Charlie and me. But the little tyke was having none of it, in that, he flung it across the table back at me and I have to admit that no amount of sauce was ever going to make that chicken any less dry then eating a bale of hay. Well I made an executive decision that involved cereal, for I know Charlie will always eat that no matter what and it is better than nothing I suppose.
Only not today, it seems, as he demands I want honeybees. When I recall that, Kim did mention something about his favourite cereal being something to do with little furry flying insects. However, I was not really listening when it comes to anything to do with kids for I seem to just, switch off. To which it finds me busily searching for this particular brand in the kitchen cupboards but I could not see them anywhere. As I tried to palm him off with another sickly sweet substitute, but of course it was not the right one.
Here you go, Charlie . . . try them. It then induced a tantrum the size of cosmic proportions that in another universe could frankly create a planet. While I was sorely tempted to join him in his rage but I must remember that I am the adult here. As I did what any sane person in charge of an aggressive toddler would do at that precise moment in time.
I strapped him into a buggy to go shopping for this so-called Honeybees cereal. We wiz around the massive supermarket like possessed demons in a race to snatch a soul or two for themselves, before the devil notices theyre missing. I did not bother with a trolley or basket because we are only here to get one item. We barged into the trolleys that people had left in our way and Charlie loved playing pretend bumper cars. (I hope he does not get whiplash as a result or I will be in deep trouble with Kim.) And never mind trolley wars  what about buggy wars because Ive never understood why mums stop to chat and leave the strollers right across the aisle  while blocking the right of way of the other shoppers. Its way beyond, any rational thinking or does having a baby remove your common sense. I have always suspected that this would happen to me, if I ever have a child that is. Another reason not to have kids and I must make a mental note to add this to the growing list.
I finally reach the cereal section and there is such a multitude of choice that it quite bewilders me, as I frantically search for the one. I am so miffed not to find it that I moan to a young curly-haired bloke stacking some shelves next to me. You dont know where I can find some cereal called; Honeybees do you? He helpfully also looks for the box marked Honeybees, but to no avail.
So he calls over the mature male manager err, this woman is trying to find a cereal called, Honeybees but I have never heard of it. Have you?
No, no sorry . . . the name doesnt ring a bell.
But my friend always shops here for her weekly groceries and she has bought tons of the stuff before now, I say and finding it hard to believe that they do not know what I am on about.
The manager then calls a woman on his walkie-talkie and she soon wanders over towards us with a list (she is about my age and seemingly only has eyes for her boss, never mind sweet cereals). We are all, gathered around the relevant section in the shop and our line of bodies blocks out other customers and prevents anyone else from gaining such items, just as the main man says unfortunately, you cannot purchase this item here because Im afraid that we dont stock it.
In that case I wish to make a formal complaint . . . be it in front of the other shoppers as you leave me no other choice, literally. You lot claim on your adverts to stock all the leading brands but when it comes down to it. You clearly do not and even with my limited understanding of consumer rights, that is misleading the public. I could probably sue you for false advertising. I made that last bit up just to make a point as to how pissed off I am at wasting my time by coming here, when I should have gone up the road to their rivals instead in the first place.
But how can Honeybees be a well-known brand of cereal when none of us have ever heard of it? The manager replied as his staff nodded in total agreement.
Now I personally had never heard of Honeybees either and neither had the people around me, for I get no response to asking anyone who passed by have you heard of a cereal called, Honeybees? They look at me as if I am mad or trying to sell them a new product and they are certainly not interested in hearing my pitch. That only infuriated me further and did not stop me having a go at the man in charge as I rant on its like living in some old communist country with half stacked shelves and very little by way of consumer choice around here. What happened to healthy competition between brands to keep the prices down and the housewife happy? I was doing well.
The man takes note of the gathering crowd that have suddenly appeared from nowhere and they surprisingly agree with me with their snorts and sneers, so he says I fully understand why youre getting upset. Its no doubt because of your inconvenience caused by my neglect to do my job properly in keeping the shelves fully stocked with all the popular products, as opposed to our own brands.
Well thats more like it. I know you only have so much room to fill and maybe, I was a little too harsh in my judgement of your store. But this boy will have a fit if he doesnt get his, Honeybees cereal so you can fully understand where Im coming from too.
The tall man with the round spectacles apologised once more, as he tried to offer Charlie a strawberry lollipop instead. The toddler lashed it onto the tiled floor, only for the curly haired lad to have to clean it up. Meanwhile, I have to move Charlie out of harms way because he is busy grabbing at the boxes and knocking a few off the shelves while shouting I want them, Honeybees.
I know you do, Charlie but this shop doesnt have any. Do you understand what I am saying? No, Honeybees here. I try my best to console him but he is having none of it and will not give-up on his demands for this particular cereal. All of a sudden, he becomes an escape artist right before my very eyes when he undoes the buckle on his seatbelt and leaps forward to pick up one of the boxes that he had knocked off its perch. Charlie holds it up to me and I peer closely at the item in question, it is not called Honeybees at all but has a cartoon picture of some dotted about on the edge of the box. Is this the one that you want? Charlie nods and happily smiles his reply.
The shop people all look strangely at me and the manager mutters how can you not know what your own child is talking about?
As I rather loudly point out thats because, he is not my child.
Who does the child belong to then? asks the manager as if I have just stolen him from the frozen food section or something.
Hes my friends son and Im babysitting him, if you must know . . . you can ring her if you dont believe me.
Has anyone reported a missing child? The manager addresses this question to his fellow employees.
No, none as far as I know, replies the curly-haired lad.
Ive heard nothing, pipes up the woman.
Let me check first with the other staff members, says the suspicious manager and he does so via the walkie-talkie again. It appears that youre telling the truth, as far as having no missing children in this place anyway. So its within reason to let you be on your way with this infant.
We end up heading for the checkout with a stack of cereal boxes plonked on top of the buggy. I dare not let go of the thing for fear of it tipping up and Charlie tumbling out because he has only gone and undone his seatbelt, again. Once through the checkout, it turns out that Charlie had also swiped an expensive jar of their finest coffee in passing and is now holding it up as a kind of peace offering for all the stress that he has caused me. I have choices here right; a) I can be honest and head back to the checkout to hand over my money for the said item. Alternatively, b) I can just put it down on the newsagents stand by the door and as it will not be leaving the shop, so they cannot accuse me of stealing anything. Then theres c) I could just discreetly place it under the boxes of cereal, concealed inside the hood of Charlies transport. I will leave you to figure out what I did decide to do but let us just say, I will not be sleeping much tonight once I have overdosed on caffeine.
I want lollipop, pipes up Charlie and I wonder why he didnt take the one that was offered for free earlier on by the manager if he wanted one so badly now. The shoes are, kicked off when I try to make my way towards the door and I know what is coming next so I stop and join the queue to the newsagents stand instead of leaving the premises as intended with my stolen booty.
When I finally got to the till, the shorthaired woman who was sat on a stool asked me is that all you have? Youll have to pay for them at the main checkout. God, did I tell you that I hate shopping. No, then I am telling you now. She did not even notice that Charlie was already chomping on the lollipop that I had taken off the candy carrousel in a bid by me just to stop him throwing a right wobbly.
She obviously meant the cereal boxes so I waved my bill at her as I said I already bought these. But for the life of me, I cant remember now what else I came in for.
Having kids will do that to you, she sympathized at my forgetful plight.
Oh I know, some days Id forget my head if it wasnt screwed on, I reply and having gone from insisting that Charlie wasnt mine to claiming him wholeheartedly, especially, if theres something in it for me. I quite like that heady rush of excitement mixed with anxiety by the very thought of being caught and then  perhaps trying to explain myself as such a forgetful fool that Id neglected to pay for the item in question  namely the coffee. Because by the time they notice anything else, that lollipop will be nothing but a distant memory since Charlie is nearly finished it already and half way through the sugar paper stick too. I thoroughly enjoy getting something for nothing and often put my kleptomania down to the loss of control in other parts of my life.
The manager suspiciously watches me stomp over to my car, which for once, I have parked in the parent and child allocated lot and rightly so this time. I tend to use it even when I do not have an infant on board, specifically, if I have been on my feet all day in work (by then, I am practically disabled and should be allowed to park in that zone too). I hastily take off, having finally secured the ever twisting and turning Charlie into his car seat while he holds onto one of his beloved cereal boxes. I am busy reprimanding Charlie do not crush the box little guy or you wont have any cereal left in it, only crumbs instead.
Then, I turn the volume up on the radio as it blasts out an old favourite song of mine, which I decide to sing along to with merriment. Like it or not, the kid will have to endure my vocals until we get home because I find singing to be a good stress reliever whenever I need it. This of course, totally distracts me from concentrating on reversing properly whilst I encourage Charlie to sing-along, just as that damn bicycle man (still without a helmet) suddenly rides across my path. He bangs on the back of the car to let me know that I nearly hit him once again. It made me jump as I hit the brakes with gusto so I give him a two-fingered salute as he shouts something back at me, which I cannot quite make out for the music is still blaring out of the speaker system.
I soon realise that he was telling me that the other boxes of cereal were on top of my vehicles roof, but they now reside down on the tarmac having gone flying through the air when I had stopped all of a sudden. This finds me hastily trying to storm out of the car before the cereal is toast, if someone tries to park next to me. But my bloody seatbelt prevents me from leaving my seat as quickly as Id like so I swing open my door to prevent someone in a big 4x4 from not only taking out my cereal but potentially me as well. I look up at the windscreen and recognise this woman as being one of our clients, who weve all nicknamed in work as being called 4x4 and its not because of her vehicle but for the fact that she has had four kids by four different men. I smile a false grin and hastily lash the boxes into the car before I zoom off back to Kims house. Well I am not, best pleased to be presented with a box of the exact same stuff already sitting in the cupboard when I shove the new ones in alongside it.
I am afraid that bedtime is no better an affair seeing as I practically fall asleep before Charlie does, whilst reading him the story about a zebra who does not want to look like the rest of the herd anymore because he wants to be special and treated like an individual. Therefore, the zebra tries to change his look with various things from plastering himself in dung that leaves him no friends because of the flies never mind the smell, to disguising himself in leafy branches and twigs. Then he finds his camouflage is so good, that he cannot be found anywhere in sight and they nearly leave him behind when the whole herd moves onto another grazing patch in the vast wilderness. The silly zebra eventually realises that he really does not want to look that different after all, especially, when the lions show up and single him out of the crowd. He is not ready to become dinner anytime soon and finally gets to stand out in a positive way when he becomes the hero, for he leads his herd to safety across a croc-infested river. And I guess the moral of the tale is  its not what you look like that truly matters or how different you are  but what it is that you do to help others that really counts. Hurrah for happy endings but nobody worries about the poor baby lions not getting fed, do they. Circle of life and all that.
Charlie wants to hear it again and I really cannot be bothered, since it has been such a long day looking after him and I would rather do a whole shift in work without a single break any time of the day or week rather than read this bloody book once more. You know that in the real world, the zebra was eaten by the lions as well as half his mates by the crocs and they all died. End of story, goodnight. Charlie of course bursts into tears and I should have known better than to try to put him off it. While I give-in as I grab another book to read to him, just in the vainest hope that it will calm him by hearing the soothing tale. It finally worked after the ninth short book in a row, for I was on a reading marathon and grateful not to have gotten anywhere near 26.
I am mentally exhausted by my time spent alone with Charlie and quite sympathised with Kims bid for freedom tonight. I could not possibly see myself doing this fulltime, since I would definitely have to be on medication in order just to hold myself together. So I think Ill have an early night too, seeing as I have work tomorrow and I never thought Id say it but thank God  I actually have a purpose in life other than cleaning someone elses mess up  whilst trying to fed and entertain them none stop. It certainly makes you appreciate not having kids, the more time you spend with them.
The following day, I find myself involved in another kind of mess when my manicure tray has been, tampered with and I know exactly who is to blame for the dried up old nail varnishes, broken nail files etc. That is namely, one nasty cow called Janine Jones. I really could do without her playing spiteful pranks on me right now, because anytime soon I could just blow a fuse and ignite. She had better not be around when I do, because I hope to firmly put her in her place and confine her there whilst being that it is somewhere that is as far away from me as possible. Do they do one-way tickets to Mars yet? Did I mention that I hate her and her horrible aura that instantly fills the room with a bad atmosphere from the moment she enters it?
I am adamant that I will not complain to Paige the manageress, since I will be the one made out to look like I cannot take a joke because I just know that is what Janine will claim it was. As I grin and bear it through gritted teeth, even though I know it will happen repeatedly until I do something to stop her from continuing on this treadmill of meanness that Janine thrives on. I am too old to be getting myself bullied and even too wise to put-up with it for long so watch this space for further developments in my plan, which I have not come up with yet. Then, I find myself consoling poor Alison whats with the sad face? Youre usually so cheerful. It makes me uneasy to witness this.
She is always too damn happy if you ask me but nobody is, as I put my arm around her shoulder. Alison has never before shown any sign of grief. Even when her beloved old cat (that was, riddled with arthritis) had died and as I recall at the time that this too unnerved me slightly since surely it is not normal of her to be chuffed for him being finally free from pain. She later summed up the tragic event of the poor feline who was, ravaged by pit bulls in a neighbouring garden with the phrase hes in a better place. Especially, when everyone then found out that the neighbours had tried to hide the cats body by dumping it in the bin and it was later, taken away to the landfill site. Who could be glad about ending up there? Some people really are trickier to work out than others are. Honestly, I am like an open book because I tend to show every emotion known to man (woman and child) at all times.
The formally, happy-ever-after Alison finally replied my model for the fantasy makeup competition has cancelled on me at the last minute. She goes on to explain that it was due to a family crisis that involves something about stolen money from bank accounts by other members of the clan. Whatever happened there, I do not really know but it must be major for Alisons good friend to, suddenly drop out just like that. The next minute, Alison asked me would you do me the biggest favour in the world and be my new model? Somehow, I felt sorry for the girl when I know how much Alison was looking forward to it simply because she has not stopped talking about the event ever since the announcement came through that she was entering into the competition.
All of a sudden, I found myself agreeing to it yeah, why not? Ive nothing better to do now that Im without a man in my life.
It was however, an even easier decision after she had mentioned the fact that Janine would no doubt fancy her chances of winning if the other trainee (notably Alison) could not compete against her. Now I normally have a proper lunch break but not today for I am, whisked off to the storage room where Alison can secretly practice her showcase on me. Silly me for not bothering to ask what it actually entails  as I have to strip naked and wear only a mangy looking thong  which has been tie-dyed a horrid mix of browns and I look like I have had an accident when I could not make it to the toilet on time. This serves only to remind me of last night with Charlie once more. Not to imply, that the little one was wearing a thong or anything of the sort. No, I dont think hes into cross-dressing like some big boys Ive heard about (Valeries last boyfriend got himself a job as a drag artist in a bar up in Blackpool) but Charlie certainly does like to see how far things can stretch, if my loose bra is anything to go by.
Alison notes my face and assures me do not worry . . . it has been thoroughly washed and is extremely clean, even though it does not look it.
Im more worried about it fitting me, I reply and struggle to put it on, as it is a bit tight and causing me to have a camel-toe.
It is times like this that, I wished I worked out more since Alison gets out the masking tape to strap my legs together and starts with the sprayed on makeup. I am to be a tree apparently, as my tall body hastily takes on the colours of the bark. My small, pert breasts and nipples look like those strange knobbly bits that have been either chopped off or diseased (I think, but who am I to say after all Im no tree specialist). Alison does not have that much time to perfect it though, for I have to shower off the body paint before going back to doing my job this afternoon. We agree to meet up after work, as I have no one in particular to rush home for, boy do I miss Adam.
Later on I arrive at Alisons address after having grabbed a comforting takeaway on the way there, which will hopefully not only take away my hunger but the anxiety that I feel about doing this. Besides, I always work better on a full stomach. A middle-aged man answers the door wearing nothing more than a pair of brightly coloured boxer shorts in a shade that can only be described as shocking pink and then, he proceeds to scratch his privates right in front of me like some flea ridden dog. I introduce myself good evening, Im a work colleague of Alisons. I think shes expecting me.
Yeah, she mentioned something about someone turning up before, when she wanted me to get dressed. You dont mind me being comfortable in my own home, do you?
No . . . no of course I dont.
Glad to hear it. Im Alisons dad by the way. Thank God he does not want to shake my hand, because he could have fleas for all I know or worse. Can men not get athletics foot on their balls when they do not dry them properly. I always thought it strange that you can get a foot fungus but not on your feet, why do they not change the name.
The man before me looks like he has just, got out of bed with his messed up hair and yawning face and I feel as if I am disturbing him. He shouts out Alison . . . come here, theres someone at the door for you.
He did not ask me in though, which reminds me of knocking for someone to come out to play when I was a kid. Well I suppose that is what I am here for as we are to pretend that I am a tree. The man shouts for his wife to turn the telly down, before he loudly booms out for his daughter once again because she did not respond to his first call. I can just about see the mum through the gap in the doorway; she is wearing a purple fluffy dressing gown and matching slippers. I look at my watch and it is a bit early for bedtime if you ask me, but I do feel like I am intruding on theirs. Alison however  greets me with one of her sunny-side-up smiles and brightly leads me into the dining room  since her bedroom is apparently too small for our experimenting with paint colourings. She has the place already kitted out with everything laid on in neat rows as I discover that I am to be a springtime favourite, in the guise of an old cherry blossom tree.
First off, I said if Im going to stand still for hours while you decorate my body, then I must eat before we start. I have had nothing all day apart from a banana for breakfast. Ive gone right off cereal; dont ask because its a long story and not one that I care to tell to be honest.
Yeah sure thing, Ill get you a drink to go with it if you like . . . how about a nice cup of tea? She kindly asks me and I love a good cup of char with anything.
Thatd be great, thanks. Would you like to share my supper? Ive got plenty, too much for one person really if you include the special fried rice.
No thanks, Ive already had my dinner earlier on with my parents.
After I had finished the sticky barbecued ribs, I do not even make a dint into the rice for I always buy too much and end up with loads left. I soon realise that I should have brought my toothbrush along with me, for all the stringy bits left in my teeth are going nowhere fast. You wouldnt happen to have a toothpick handy by any chance, would you? The meat stuck in my teeth is annoying me. I know that Alison always does her best to please and if she cannot get you, what you want then she try to find an alternative if possible.
In that drawer to the right of the table are some cocktails sticks, if thats of any use to you, Alison says as she continues to mix the body paints.
Im so desperate to remove the one big fleshy bit thats wedged between my two back teeth and actually causing me some discomfort that I push a little too hard and the bloody thing breaks off (not the tooth thank God but the stick). So now, it leaves me with a tiny piece of broken stick poking out of my molars as well as the food. I try again to remove it with another stick  but this too gets wedged and my mouth is slowly filling up with bits of wood  for I will actually turn into a bloody tree if I carry on. I have surely reached the end of my tether seeing as nothing ever goes right for me. As I punch the air with silent gusto and rage while I tell Alison that, I am exercising after my meal by way of excuse for the energetic outburst. It obviously did not remove the bits from my mouth, but it made me feel more serene and ready to surrender my body to Alisons imagination.
Do you have any brothers or sisters? I ask as she sets to work on my bare legs, which thankfully I did have waxed the other day.
Just a younger brother, who can be a bit of a pain if you let him, says Alison as she concentrates hard on getting the bark effect just right.
Well at least you have a sibling. Im an only child, mind you, I never wanted a brother either but I did want a sister.
Then, Alison puts on some classical music you dont mind, do you? But it helps me focus my attention to the job at hand and I work better with it on.
No, you do what you have to do to do a good job. Meanwhile, I focus too on trying to remove the bits from my teeth with my tongue. It took hours to get the effect that she was going for finally done and dusted while my hair, is busy being plastered in coloured gunk that makes it stiffly stand jauntily on end. In addition, I have actual branches of fake pink blossoms jetting out of the relevant heavy headdress.
My legs must remain bound together to form the trunk and my arms must be, constantly held aloft to help form the branches that I must hold on to, being that my fingertips have glued twigs shooting out of them as well. Now I can easily manage all this I think but the gluing of the closed eyes thing gets me seriously worried, for that is one of my big fears. I hate the idea of being blind, even temporarily. I really need a cigarette right now, but here I am stuck in tree limbo and quickly wondering why I volunteered for all this in the first place.
As I ask Alison by way of taking my mind off the fags, what does Janine have planned for the competition?
Oh, shes doing fire and this worries me that she could have an edge over the rest of us because the theme this year is movement. So having the fire with its burning flames dancing about majestically for the judges, well, we all know how mesmerising that can be and itll be hard to get noticed beside her model.
What do you want me to do, movement wise I mean?
I was thinking that you could gracefully sway in the wind and scatter some cherry blossom in the process. I suddenly wonder where the petals will be stored in my skimpy outfit.
It is time for the big reveal, when Alison calls her parents in to view her efforts, as Im a bit nervous standing there practically naked and swaying for all Im worth. Its a good job that I cant see them as I imagine her dad standing there scratching his privates again and her mum smiling the same sickly sweet grin that Alison always musters even when she doesnt mean it. Then her brother arrives home with one of his mates and they too come to view the masterpiece that is, little old me in all my painted glory.
One of the teenagers actually offers I could lick this stuff off for you, if you like?
You cant do that. It is not chocolate you know, its paint, replies Alison. Well I gather that he liked what he saw as I take this to be a compliment. I will have to get used to people seeing me like this that is, if I am going to get up on stage in front of thousands at the annual competition. I do my best to enjoy the process, which has indeed helped to take my mind off Adam, if only for a few short hours. After this, I pop upstairs to use Alisons shower, which unfortunately has a broken catch on the bathroom door. No, I did not do it but it bothers me at first that I cannot get some privacy when I find that I can only close the door and not lock it. In the end  I figured what the hell  they have already seen me damn as near naked.
The hot soapy water makes a good job of washing off the body paint. So there I am having turned off the shower after finishing all up with the scrubbing motion and finally removing the last of the funny colours down the plughole, when the bathroom door suddenly bursts open. It is only Alisons mum and dad, who wedge a chair under the door handle and I wonder why I did not think to do that. They are really going for it and smothering each other faces in sloppy kisses and their hands are literally everywhere. It is getting steamy in here and I am not taking about the heat in the large L-shaped bathroom. I spy all this of course through the gap in the shower curtain. I really do not know what to say nor do. Should I make myself known to them? It could become such an awkward scene and I can picture it going wrong in my head. Should I try to slip out of here without them actually seeing me in the flesh since they are pretty much, caught up in the moment?
I opt for the latter as I remove my naked, dripping wet body out of the bath as quietly as I can manage. I am at the door, having grabbed a towel off the radiator but as I try to take away the chair, it squeaks and alerts my hosts to someone at the door. As I hastily jump into the warm airing cupboard to hide alongside the assortment of towels and bed linen. I spy trough the latticework on the door, as the dad of Alison comes over to check that no one is trying to get into the bathroom (and not out as the case may be). So much for us having an early night, eh love, he says and makes his way, back to his wife. He will probably carry on with whatever he was doing, that was making his missus make those funny noises.
As he resumes the position whilst I put my fingers in my ears and close my eyes while I wait for them to, well, finish. I find out that I waited a little too long, seeing as they have long since gone and Alisons brother is now occupying the throne. Hes having a number two and I fully understand why they call it this because it rhymes with pooh, but one doesnt rhyme with anything to do with the other so it should be number three for a wee in my mind. How on earth, did I get onto this subject?
Anyway, its not a simple case of dump and go for the poor lad struggles to deposit whatever it is that hes eaten because it goes on and on with the windy pops. I drag off the wooden slatted shelve a fresh towel to breathe through, to avoid being gassed by the ghastly smells. He finally finishes and having sprayed the bathroom with enough air freshener to mask the aroma of a rotting carcass, he heads for the door. It is only then that I make my fatal mistake of removing the towel from my face and blurting out a cough that I just could not stop from happening. To his horror and mine, he discovers me in the airing cupboard and wallowing in total embarrassment before he screams for his parents to join us in the bathroom she was hiding in there and spying on my dick, she was.
Now hold on a minute before you lot start jumping to silly conclusions. I wasnt spying on anybody; I was only in there because I was trying to be invisible so as not to disturb you two, when you went about your lovemaking business in here earlier on.
You were watching us too. Get out of my house and do not ever come back, you pervert, says the dad and I know where I am not wanted even though I have done nothing wrong. The parents are clearly outraged with me now, as well as the brother. They make me feel like I am some sort of deviant who should book oneself immediately into the nearest rehab for my unsavoury habits. I am thoroughly flabbergasted, indeed, for my gasted has never been so flabbered as the old joke goes. Luckily, Alison believes me when I explain what truly happened and she can see the funny side of it and is frankly delighted to see her annoying brother totally peeved and shocked for once in his life. She still wants me to model for her at the show the following weekend, but I still have my doubts seeing as everything I do these days seems to end up badly and I dont want to spoil her big day in the spotlight. Alison positively radiates her warmth through her smile and I simply do not have the heart to wipe it off her face and let her down. When I agree with her that, it might just be a lot of fun if we let it.



Chapter 5


Having not had a cigarette since yesterday, well, by now I am literally climbing the walls and swinging from the chandeliers (okay I mean metaphorically speaking) in a bid not to fall down into the abyss of self-destruction. And the ridicules reason being is the bits of cocktail sticks that I feared might actually set alight in my mouth  such as that old saying goes  in there being no smoke without fire. So I got a lift off Kim because the motor is in for an MOT, it is bound to fail just to spite me because I hate it and it hates me right back. I dont think its forgiven me for spanking it and then abandoning it to the perils of the clamping brigade seeing as its been playing up ever since with a vengeance bordering on a vendetta. Anyway, I turned up at the dentists practice to book an emergency appointment and not that Im a regular visitor or anything but needs must as I argued this point with the receptionist.
Miss Witch, the Bitch here is the one that I have had words with before when she threatened to strike me off their list altogether because I had missed one lousy appointment. It was not even my fault but I had to go to hospital instead with a client, who suddenly keeled over with a ruptured appendicitis and would not let me leave her side until her hubby got there. Thankfully, he did soon afterwards since I do not handle operations and all that that entails too well. It is just too Goddamn gory to be classed as entertainment unless you are in to horror and believe me I am not fussed. Meanwhile, this woman before me now has a beak so sharp that I bet she could actually open letters with it, if her pointy nails were not already up to the task in hand. Anyhow, she says huh, I thought that you were no longer on our list and had gone and joined another practice, seeing as its been that long since you last showed your face in here.
I have to admit that Im not the biggest fan of this place but its like I said before, I dont have much choice in the matter. Do I? My electronic, expensive (present from Adam) wizard of a toothbrush failed to remove the bits of meat and cocktail stick from my teeth and its even gone from being just rather uncomfortable to starting to seriously hurt now and I dont like it so I want to opt out of the plan.
Actually, youre in luck. Someone has phoned in this morning and cancelled. So now theres an opening in the appointment book.
Well, what are you waiting for? Fill it with my name.
So here, I sit outside Mr Bridgewaters room and the poor sod before me is getting the full works by the sound of the horrible drilling noise. I just wonder if he will ever stop, or will Mr Bridgewater keep on going until he strikes oil. I am also beginning to think that my pain is not that bad and perhaps  I was too hasty in rushing here for treatment  when the dental problem will probably work itself out in the end. They sometimes do, do they not. However, if I do not go back into work with at least one toothy smile sticker then I will be, ousted and put on the skivers list for all eternity. As I have to support myself these days, I think I had better tread carefully on the eggshell nerves of my boss Mr Nash. As I notice that, the teenager sat opposite me has already been in to see the dentist for the young man sports the honourable badge of bravery. So while he waits for someone, I enquire may I be cheeky and ask if I can please have your sticker? I am pretty sure that no self-respecting, rapper type like you would be seen dead wearing one out on the streets. Am I right or what?
He raises his shorn head with the lined pattern ingrained into it and repeatedly nods in my direction with his mouth open and tongue slightly out. While I wonder if he is, actually saying yes or just catching flies with his Venus fly trap of a gob. Whatll you offer me in return for it, like?
Oh please, Im not that desperate so you can forget any sexual favours for a start.
Like I would, lady . . . youre old enough to be my mother.
Im hardly through with my twenties if you must know. I hope you realise that that means that I wouldve had to have had you when I was about twelve.
Yeah, just like my mum. Shes in there now and shes ancient too.
All right enough of the insults; what do you want to swap for the sticker? I have some chewing gum in my bag that you could have.
Ive got my own gum. Id be willing to hand it over for a phone.
Are you crazy? Im totally shocked that you would think that I would give you my hard earned gadget, just like that. I give out a loud snort at the prospect of trading something of great value for something clearly worthless.
Then the man in Mr Bridgewaters, dentist chair lets out a large moan of agony that suddenly sends a shiver down my spine. By this stage, I am thoroughly tempted to hand over my purse and run for the hills. I know from previous experience that Mr Bridgewater has a slight reputation for being a bit rough shall we say, for I almost punched him on my last visit here myself. The stocky lad then stood up as his smiling mother came out of the other dentists room. Frankly she looked about the same age as her son and I wonder if it is really too late to change dentists, like right this instant.
The youth, looks over at me with a smirk on his face for he knows that deep down, I am chicken. Then he strolls toward the exit, rips off the sticker from his charcoal grey tee shirt and scrunches it up before disposing of it in the metal wastepaper bin next to the large fake pot plant. It is not that urgent that I get a sticker that I would humiliate myself by rummaging in some rubbish for a dentists logo. So I wait until the lad and his mother leave the premises then I race over and luckily its on top of some half-filled in insurance form or other, since someone probably refused to pay the extortionist prices these charlatans charge these days. You never see a poor dentist, do you? What happened to all the NHS ones, where you could get free dental care if you were a kid or on benefits? They are as rare as hens teeth around here, I can tell you.
Anyway, Im busy trying my best to unravel the sticker but its stuck together and rips apart with every move I make whilst otherwise firmly securing itself to my fingernails. All of a sudden, the door to Mr Bridgewaters room opens and out staggers that helmet-less bloke, the same dude that had splashed me with mud and the one that I nearly ran over in the supermarket car park. (Our previous encounter also reminds me of Adam dining with Pippa at that Italian restaurant.) The poor sod is holding the side of his face like it might fall off any moment now. He stares at me with pleading eyes to finally, finish him off but alas, I am without said vehicle so he is out of luck.
While I am also out of time to make a sharp exit, as the dental nurse with the big teeth that would not look out of place in a horses mouth grabs my arm and steers me into the dreaded dentists chair. I do not mean the drinking game one that they have in the town pub, where they ask you to open wide as they pour alcohol directly down your neck whilst you are sitting in it. Apparently, you can stay seated for as long as you can take it without spilling it all down yourself. Mr Bridgewater comes towards me and he is a lot more hairy than I remember. His golden hair has grown and so has his beard. He is a big strong brute of a man, who quite clearly reminds me of the Honey Monster character off that cereal advert. Honestly, I am beginning to sound like I am positively obsessed with the stuff as I think about Charlie and his favourite one and vow not to go there.
Mr Bridgewater reaches out to shake my hand and get reacquainted its been awhile I see, since your last check-up. All right, do not go on about it I think to myself because I have already had it from her outside on the reception desk.
Yeah, Ive been busy.
Perhaps . . . thats why your face doesnt, ring a bell said Esmeralda to Quasimodo!
Bollocks, I forgot that he likes to joke about a bit in a bid to make his patients/clients/customers feel at ease (I never was sure what I am to him). This is surely one of my worst nightmares  a dentist that likes to mess with your head  the other one being a gynaecologist who likes to mess with your lady parts but thats a whole other story. While I still have the mental scars to remind me of our last encounter I remind myself, as I press my palm into his whilst continuing to shake hands and my fingers transfer over some of the sticky glue stuff with slight embarrassment onto his. He goes over to the sink to wash his hands but I realise that he would have done that anyway, before putting on clean gloves while the dental nurse pops the chair into action. Before I know it, I am flat out whilst being blinded by the strong light. So I try and explain the reason behind my visit; I dont get very far as my mouth is forced open wide with some kind of brace and my tongue is left in limbo as I continue to speak in baby babble language.
Mr Bridgewater tells me Im sorry, I cant understand you but I can quite clearly see the problem for myself. You will have to have a filing or two, I am afraid. Did he have to use those particular words last? I try to protest since that is not why I am here; I just want the crap removed from my teeth. My nails dig into the plush leather of the chair as I sit on my hands in a bid to avoid any actual violence. Mr Bridgewater assures me dont worry, youll feel no pain. He raised his left hand and said look, steady as a rock. But this is the hand that I use. I notice the dental nurse is rolling her eyes above the mask that shes wearing as he laughs and brings his right hand up, its shaking like hes got the tremors and its me that could do with a drink right about now. Mr Bridgewater lied to me because I did feel it as his heavy hand scrapes at my gums instead of my teeth and thank God, he is not actually a proper doctor that is operating on me for he finally removes the bits of cocktail stick along with the wedged in meat from the ribs that I ate last night.
He adjusts his mask and even makes a joke about me using a wooden toothbrush instead of the one that he is holding in his hand. Mr Bridgewater shows me the flexible head and rubberised grip guide while blatantly advertising it, no doubt, for profits somewhere down the line. Then comes the bit that I have been dreading as the drill comes into view, I suddenly want to go to the toilet. Now is probably not a good time as the injected medication takes effect. As I close my eyes and try to think of happier times with Adam, otherwise, I am very likely to bolt out of the door complete with bib and brace like the big baby that I clearly am when it comes to these things. I hate being such a coward in such matters and wish that I was braver than I am.
I am, presented with three stickers in the end but it does not make my day as it does the dentists when I get my bill. I cannot complain about the feeling of me being mugged here for my money and ask them to call the police, while the receptionist rightly pointed out it is your own fault you know, for not looking after those teeth properly with regular appointments. Then she proceeds to book me in for another one in three months time. I hate this place and the people in it but I am too, traumatised by my experience to object. I take the little card from her hand and wearily make my way into work.
As soon as I get outside the building whilst sitting in the shelter and waiting for the bus, I light a cigarette. Boy do I need it more than ever  only one problem  my lips will not corporate with my commands and I end up dropping my fag down on my lap more than once. I end up holding it in my gob because I really, really needed a drag and eventually I get my fix just as my transport arrives on the scene. My first client has turned up and as I lead Miss Bailey into the room. I try to give her my usual smile but only half my face responds, so I look like I have been hitting the bottle or the pills or both at the same time. Oh dear, do you have the dreaded Botox droop? My sisters eyes nearly closed up completely because of it.
No, no nothing like that. Its only the result of a visit to the dentist, I slur and should be pleased that she does not think that I should be in rehab instead of here. As Miss Bailey shudders in response then she shows me her unnaturally white teeth, which frankly look like a set of false dentures for they are too perfect but I know they are her own and not caps. While I wonder if I should maybe treat my teeth to a whitening treatment, after all, I am supposed to be looking after them more thoroughly in the future as the smoking does not exactly help towards their attractiveness. That is if I do not want to have Mr Bridgewater telling me one more time that my teeth are all right but my gums will have to come out, as the old joke goes and I do not want to give him an excuse to tell it.
Miss Bailey the accountant is here for a massage and I actually end up dribbling on her back  for my mouth feels like a leaking Channel tunnel and my tongue  the train as it repeatedly pops in and out whilst I struggle to control it. Luckily, she does not notice since I quickly blend the saliva in with the oil and carry on with the soothing routine. I do not have to say much to Miss Bailey, for she likes her peace and quiet whilst listening to the serene music playing over the speaker system, which calms the stress right out of the both of us. I somehow got through the rest of the day without having to explain my weary demeanour to either Paige or Mr Nash who are too, pre-occupied with the upcoming Blackpool competition to suss me out as behaving like a rabid dog. Especially when I sprinkle coffee droplets all down the front of my white uniform dress when trying to lick it off the saucer since my (non-responsive) lips could not grip the side of the cup properly without further spillage.
When I arrive home to the pull out couch in Kims living room, I find that Charlie has gone through my bin bags and has been having a right old time playing about with my lingerie. I look at the mess and wonder why I am bothering to keep half of this stuff. I had only bought them in the vain hope that it would make me sexier than your average troll, whilst somehow turning me into becoming a prize specimen to behold and admire. Only no  Ive been taken out of the keep net and thrown back into the sea with the other fishes to fight for any nibbles that might happen to land on the surface  otherwise known as my love life.
Then Charlie picks up one of the black satiny thongs and pops it over his head like an eye patch. While I may as well have worn them like that too, for all the good it did me. I would not mind but I do not even enjoy wearing the uncomfortable Basques and crotch-less knickers that itch and stick up your bum. As I decide that from this moment on, I will never wear them again whilst preferring belly warmers and wireless soft bras any day of the week. I refuse to put myself out for a man anymore, because they are so not worth me suffering that feeling of never being quite good enough for them.
It finds me gathering up the lingerie and loading a couple of bin bags with it before shoving the said items into my car, when I drive to the nearest supermarket in order to dispose of the lot which serve to remind me of my dalliances with Adam. I stop next to a line of charity bins and recycling banks down one side of the car park. Only one problem, I did not realise how windy the weather had gotten so it was only a matter of time before the first of the frilly bras took flight. As I continue to struggle to drop the stuff through the teeny tiny slot and into the big yellow clothes bank which is situated next to the one for shoes, where I scrunch up the items and deposit a few at a time. How I hate to do things slowly because I am always in such a rush to finish and move on to the next thing. Saying that, my line of work forces me to take my time and that is probably a good discipline for me to carry that through to other aspects of my daily existence. Sod that philosophy  I just want to leave  go home and go put my feet up with a glass of wine, a good meal, great company and a decent movie to watch (the simple pleasures in life really are the ones worth holding on to no matter what).
Why do they make the gap so small? Do they not want my stuff? It would sure make it a lot easier just to toss the whole bin bag inside the metal container. When all of a sudden, the wind decides to turn up the volume and practically manifests itself right into a mini tornado before my very eyes. As the bin bag takes on a life of its own and literally spins out of control and out of my left hand, all because the other one was too busy holding up the lid on the hatch to grab it securely with both sets of digits. My hair is all over my face so I can hardly see what I am doing, when I try to pick up the nearest items and drop them down the hatch as quickly as I can muster given the circumstances and just so that I can get the hell out of here before the weather gets any worse. Trust me to pick a stormy night to do this.
Unfortunately the sheer power of the strong winds has sent the rest of my stuff scattering across the cars like a shower of underwear that had been, randomly thrown about the bedroom by some messy teenage girl (namely me, when I was still living at home). I have reached maximum boiling point as I rung my empty hands through my hair and repeatedly swore rather loudly (do not worry; I was nowhere near the parent and child parking spaces). I did not care though that the customers coming in and out of the store could hear me. I was feeling livid with everything and everyone right now, in particular myself for I cannot seem to do anything right. This scenario finds me jumping onto the bonnet of a slowly moving vehicle in a bid to secure the return of my most expensive item, the black Basque with the crystal droplet edgings. It was lying flat out on the windscreen and almost caused a collision with the trolley bay.
After which, I race around trying to get my stuff back into the bin bag, before too much more embarrassment is caused by my wanting this part of my life over and done with. I notice that the supermarket manager is standing in the window, shaking his head at me and sneering no doubt. One kind mature woman proceeds to hand me back the frilly bra that went astray first off the bat. There was a time when people only left flyers under the wipers on my car. And as it looks expensive, Id thought about keeping it, had it been my size but not nowadays . . . perhaps some twenty years ago maybe, she said.
Err, thanks. Im giving the lot away and donating them to charity, I reply and give her an awkward grin in return.
It is then that I notice an old man with another one of my bras and he seems to be wearing the black fluffy underwear as ear muffs to protect him from the cold winds. I do not have the heart to take it back from him and potentially give him earache. I let him have it as he walks home with his weekly shopping in two packed carrier bags. I have finally collected all of my stuff and hoping to; have sent them off to a better and much more deserving home. After which, I make my way into the wine section and grab a couple of bottles off the shelves, they will accompany the dinner that Kim is making for us.
Mr Im-too-cool-to-wear-a-helmet but not scream, like a girl when in the dentists chair is at the checkout too. He is quite handsome in that smart executive kind of a way, with his five oclock shadow just starting to show through. I also notice that he has a bunch of mixed flowers tucked under his arm for some lucky lady or could it be some bloke as you never know these days and I dont want to make assumptions only to be totally wrong. So I turn away to avoid actual eye contact, seeing as I dont want him thinking that Im stalking him or anything of that unsavoury nature.
But talk about cosmic collisions that are clearly sending us signs along with fate as it insists on forcing us to continually meet up like this. Whilst I wonder if it is an omen, that I should really encourage to happen. I mean, it didnt take Adam much time to get over me so why should I linger about when there is a perfectly good opportunity presenting itself right there in front of me. Besides, I need to prove to everyone that Adam did not break my heart because I am already hooking up with his replacement and I do not need time to get over it. That will show Adam that he has not won the game of love, which we had played but in fact he lost out to this dude or one similar. I rehearse my chat-up patter in my head and turn around to speak to the mystery man, as I thought that we at least had the same dentist in common if nothing else. It is a start or rather it gives me a starting point to break the ice. But just as I spin around having finally plucked up the courage to speak  he was gone already and I came back down to earth with a bump  seeing as someone behind me shoves their trolley into my hip to remind me that theyre still waiting to be served and Im holding them up.
For I am too busy daydreaming instead of handing over my bottles to the bored looking girl at the checkout. In my haste to be gone too, I plonk the bottles down on the conveyor belt but as I reach across to grab the next customer sign to place behind them. My handbag swings forward and knocks the red wine over and it falls onto the tiled floor before I could do anything to stop it. The young checkout girl blows a small bubble with her gum, which pops instantly, as she then sighs whilst pressing a button and speaks with a squeaky voice into a microphone. She calls out for a cleanup on checkout 6 and replacement item to be, sourced from aisle 9. Everyone in the place seems to turn and stare in my direction, as if I am about to put on a show for them with a song and dance thrown in for good measure. So I pull a funny face at a few of them hoping that will suffice entertainment wise, as I let out one of my silent screams in my head for I just want to get home and put my tired feet up. I really cant be bothered standing here any longer for the replacement bottle of red wine to appear, so I sidestep the mop and bucket in order to leave. As the checkout girl tells me excuse me, you cant go. Ive already keyed in the item ready for when it arrives to save you time. I wait while the people in the queue behind me get more impatience.
I even overhear one woman on her phone telling someone yeah, I know, but I am being held up by some stupid cow with an alcohol problem and this place is about to close as well.
I hate it when people talk about you and weirdly think that you cannot hear them because they are not talking directly to your face. The young male  who helped me the last time I was here when I was trying to find the cereal  well he cannot locate the said wine since that was the last one in stock and thats just bloody typical of my luck. Because I distinctly recall there being several other bottles on the shelf when I got my one, surely someone did not come up behind me and purchase the lot. I think about complaining once more but then again, I can be bothered dealing with the manager.
The ever-helpful young man asks do you have an alternative choice in mind and Ill fetch it immediately? I shake my head in response as I no longer care, seeing as my will to live is fading fast in this environment so I am leaving. The stony-faced manager is standing by the door to his office with the mirrored walls; it is just like being on Big Brother around here while he spies on both his staff and customers alike. He gives me that self-righteous look of his as I make my way towards the exit, with only one bottle for company instead of the two that I had intended to share with my lovely landlady.
To make up for the lack of booze, I hastily nick a bunch of pink tulips that were in a chrome bucket outside the entrance amongst the other flowers and plants. I shall present them to Kim by way of a small thank you present for letting me stay. What can I say about the generous spirit of Kim that I have not already  for she has made me feel right at home at her place and even Charlie has not been too taxing on the old grey matter come to that  whilst we get used to each others funny little ways. We have not seen or heard much from Valerie lately, now that she is all loved-up with Dale the coffee king. I have my theory that they share an addiction to the strong caffeine and that is the main attraction between them, because he does possess a nose that only a mother could love. What did my mum not like about my appearance?
Having arrived back home  I am immediately sent on a hunt by Kim for Charlies Blankie  because he cannot go to sleep without it. Let me explain about Blankie for it is a square piece of material, which was, cut out from Charlies baby bed blanket and he literally adores it. It smells worse than one of those foul cheeses that Kim regularly gets in for Adrian and they end up filling the fridge with a terrible pong and putting you right off anything else in there. Only the toddler has this thing for tags since he was born and he weirdly goes to sleep just rubbing the faded limp bit of silk that clings on to his yellowing blanket for comfort. I will never understand kids and I used to be one.
Anyway, I have a bit of a theory as to what happened to Blankie because the last place anyone spotted seeing it was when it was on the couch, where my lingerie was also scattered about. But I darent tell Kim this until Im sure, so I make an excuse to go back to the supermarket when I express I forgot the wine but you keep searching, Im sure itll turn up.
But you came home with a bottle, she says as she lifts up the same cushion twice to check behind it.
I know I did, but that was white and I really fancy a glass of ros for a change, I reply and grabbing my keys to get out of there.
Outside on the driveway, I contact my other friend Valerie and she agrees to help me retrieve Blankie from the clothing charity bin outside the supermarket car park. I pick her up on the way and she has the perfect sized body (that of a pubescent child) for the task at hand as we have to get her into the metal charity bin and find that Blankie, or I may as well not bother going home to Kims tonight. That is the plan anyhow, but carrying it out was harder than I had first envisaged. It was a good job one of us was on the ball, seeing as Valerie brought with her a touch, a crowbar, some rope, plastic ties, a pair of pliers and duck tape plus a bloody big kitchen knife. What the hell is that lot for? Were not knocking off this joint or kidnapping anyone, I said, shaking my head in disbelief. I can but pray that we are not, pulled over for anything or the cops will think us a couple of serial killers and by the look of things, I would agree with them.
I know that. Do you think Id be here if I thought for a second that what we were doing was by any means criminal? She replied and putting her hands by her side to measure the size of her hips against the width of the slot that she will have to fit through if we are going to get this job done successfully.
Well, if you put it like that. It probably is for all I know, even though we are just getting one of our things back. What charity in its right mind would want the smelly old piece of blanket anyway?
Come on then, give me a leg up, said Valerie, having already thrown the lit torch inside the hatch first so as to light up the area in which she will be contained. It was times like this that I am glad for once that I am too tall to fit inside the small metal room.
As I clasp my fingers tightly together with interlocking hands and she steps on board before I toss her like a caber (that is the big Scottish log, they fling about in the highland games I believe). It warranted a dive on her part before she was in and it was a relatively soft landing, well apart from the wired cup that was sticking out that is. It stabbed her right in the fleshiest part of her arm but thankfully did not break the skin, which is the last thing we wanted to happen. Can you imagine all my lovely knickers covered in blood? I do not know about you but I save my raggedy ones for period days so personally, mine never usually get any of the red substance on them. It could have been worse, I tell her just be grateful that it wasnt my shoes that I was getting rid of because then, itd be spiky heels that youd have to deal with.
If it was footwear then I wouldnt be here full stop, let alone rummaging through other peoples knickers. If I do come across anything even remotely rancid, then I am out of here. So get ready with that rope, said Valerie and her voice echoes around the metal container and sounds funny to me.
What rope? Where has it gone? It was here a minute ago.
You were supposed to hold on to the other end, not let the whole thing come in here with me. Ive only gone and thrown a bundle of clothes on top of it and now I have two things to root out, thanks for that by the way.
Sorry, Im such a divvy. At least you know whereabouts the rope is. So that should be a hell of a lot easier to find than a square piece of material.
Yeah, Ive got it. Im putting the end through the, hole so grab hold and do not let go this time or well be here all evening at this rate.
How are you getting on in there? Youve gone awfully quiet, I ask and hoping that she hasnt fallen down some deep dark hole in the pile of clothes and suffocated, because then Id never get Charlies Blankie back to him (oh and Id lose a very good friend to boot).
Im just concentrating. Its not that easy to find a piece of cloth when theres literally tons of the stuff.
That told me and I had to be patient which was never one of my strengths. Well I was about to ask again for another progress report when I heard someone coming. There was only one other abandoned vehicle in the car park and that is way on the other side. It would happen to belong to the manager of the supermarket of all people and he is about to cross our path with one of the other people who work there. So I whisper this fact to Valerie as I drop the rope inside the hatch and fear the worst if we get caught because lets face it  we are technically stealing from a charity bank no matter how we try to justify it  thats the way the courts will see it anyway. I duck down behind my car and I just know that the nosey twerp is wondering what my vehicle is doing here by itself and I dont want to get clamped because youre only supposed to park here temporarily and only if one is depositing into the bins. As I stand up and grin to assure him that, I am not up to no good and I was just going about my business, which I hope he does too. Good evening, he says and smiles back at me while his female colleague gets into his car.
Hello . . . Im just about to put something into the charity clothes bank, I reply and surely making it obvious that I am up to no good.
But you dont have any stuff with you.
Im wearing it, just to save myself from carrying it around, I announce and take off my favourite jacket that I seem to wear everywhere lately as I then drop it down the black hole of the hatch. He does not move but watches me suspiciously, as the situation forces me to remove my beaded top and do the same to that. Luckily, I have on a decent bra underneath to hide my blushes and proudly show off. It does not stop there; for he is still not getting into his vehicle and pissing off with his woman passenger. I suspect that he is having an affair because he looks more suspicious (thinking about it) than I do. Lastly, I remove my designer jeans and I do hope that Valerie is not standing underneath the hatch because that chunky heavy metal belt might hit her on the head. Surely the manager will hear her pain as it echoes around the chamber in which she is presently, entombed.
Well there I am, in my knickers and bra when the manager decides that I have curtailed his curiosity with my actions so he turns to walk away but by this time, the woman in the passenger seat has gotten out and wandered over to see what we were doing. Im just depositing of some stuff to charity, I repeat in a bid to show her that I was not trying to flash him or anything of that nature.
What, in your underwear? She looks disgusted by my presence.
Yeah, she was wearing the items instead of carrying them, said the manager by way of explaining that he was not simply peering at me for cheap thrills.
How bizarre, Ive never heard of that before, she replied and they carried on staring as if they were watching some sideshow and waiting for the big reveal.
It reminds me of a famous advert from years ago, when the guy goes into the laundrette and takes his dirty clothes off to wash them, leaving only his boxers on, expressed the manager and I wish that hed just shut up before I scream.
I thought he took the lot off, said the woman.
You would . . . thats wishful thinking, my dear, he replied.
I just wanted them to go away but they stayed until I was finished. By now  I had to kiss goodbye to my sandals and drop them into the shoe bin  of which I had no hope of ever getting them back because Valerie would not fit into that gap. Charlie would though, but even I know that that is never going to happen so I can forget that idea. I had to drive off in my knickers and bra before they would leave, when I went around the block and waited until the coast was clear before I parked up and let Valerie know that I was back. It was now safe for her to come out, with my help of course as she shoved my clothes back out of the hatch so that I could get dressed again.
Guess what happened. She never did find Blankie but it was not for want of trying I can tell you. The poor girl was sweating buckets when I had pulled her out of there. We head for home and I drop Valerie off on the way. When I get in, it is all-quiet on the western front since Blankie has been found safe and well (hurrah). It was stuck to the back of the cushion that Kim must have lifted and looked behind a hundred times. Only a sticky lollypop had secured it firmly and it was Charlie himself, who had discovered it when he secretly went to find his sweet treat after brushing his teeth for bed. Kim was never more pleased that her son was a bit sneaky because it had helped him to nod off straight to sleep with his silky tag to hold, on to. Boy do I need a drink and let us face it, I have earned one for all the aggravation, not to mention the loss of footwear that this has cost me. Wheres the, ros wine? asks Kim, settling down beside me.
Oh, the supermarket was closed.
But you were gone for ages.
I know, I travelled far and wide but couldnt get my hands on the right stuff so I gave up and came home empty-handed. If only she knew!



Chapter 6


On my way back to Kims house, the following day after working late at the salon, well I was thinking about Valerie and wanted to thank her once again for trying to helping me out of a pickle. For it cannot be easy being my friend and I do appreciate the fact that if I need her then she will always be there no matter what. I made a rash decision to visit her house in passing on the off chance that she was not too busy to see me, besides dinner can surely wait for a little while. I even have a present for her, since Id nipped out during my lunch break this afternoon and bought a fancy (none too cheap) wooden box of Turkish Delight from the shop next door to ours which sells things like that and other assorted goodies. It is sort of an acquired taste kind of place while, it is the one sweet treat that she loves which I hate so there is no chance of me nicking it off her. They even gift-wrapped it for me.
It is not that I am bitter (probably like his coffee) but Dale had recently invaded Valeries abode so that meant that I could not, hence me sleeping on the pullout sofa bed at Kims pad. Dale opens the door Hi . . . come on in but I must warn you that Vals out. I hate it when he shortens her name and so did she use to.
Oh, I just popped by on the off chance. Never mind, I will catch her next time. I will leave this with you; tell her it is a gift from me for helping me out . . . she will know what I am on about.
Dont go, Ill make us a coffee if you like and we can get to know each other a bit better.
OK! Im in the mood for a cappuccino, one sugar thanks.
Coming right up . . . you make yourself at home while I make it. Is he taking the piss? That is probably not, the best thing to say to someone who is presently homeless right now but I let it pass. As I follow him into the kitchen instead of staying in the living room by myself.
So where is Valerie then?
Err . . . Val had gone over to her parents stable block. Her mother is worried about her horse. It pays to have a vet in the family; they come in mighty useful if you have pets or livestock. Its a pity that I cant say the same thing about Dale  as regards to him being a vital member of any clan since theres not much demand for a coffee maker because basically  everyones already got one in their own kitchen so its safe to say that hes pretty much surplus to requirements I suppose.
So here I sit, on the natural cotton sofa with Dale while I wonder what happened to the leather one that Valerie used to have. Dale and I do not speak for a while seeing as we do not really know what to say to each other without Valerie being around. And for the first time  I notice that he fidgets a lot when nervous as he taps his fingers on his legs or rubs an itch behind his ear and scratches his head  either that or he has fleas. Whats in the gift then? Is it a secret that, you do not want me to know about? I know how you ladies are with your girly stuff, he asks and lifts it up off the coffee table to examine the manmade fabric of the bow more closely.
Its a box of Turkish Delight which I know is one of Valeries guilty pleasures.
Ah, well that could be a bit of a problem nowadays. Im afraid that gelatine is a big no, no for vegans.
Oh, I forgot about that. Ill take it back and get her something else instead, I reply and recall that the shop has a no returns policy on any food sold from its premises. So now, I am stuck with it as I wonder if Kim likes Turkish Delight because I have never actually witnessed her eating any. There follows another silence for a while until Dale speaks as if reading my mind, for I was thinking about Kim and how well shes coped with raising Charlie practically all by herself but I doubt whether her son would like Turkish Delight either.
So, how are you getting on at Kims?
Fine, I think. Why are you asking? Has Valerie been talking to Kim and she wants me out or something?
No, not as far as I know. To be honest Val thought that youd get back with Adam before long and wouldnt need anywhere else to live.
No, that wont be happening. I am currently looking for a place so if you know anyone who has a spare room to rent. Then give them my number, wont you?
Off the top of my head, I cant think of anyone but Ill be sure to keep you in mind if I hear of something, promise. He smiles while pressing his lips together and it looks like a sign not to hold my breath for anything coming up anytime soon.
Coffees nice, better than the ones I get in work anyhow, I say and then realise that that is not much of a compliment.
Well, in that case. Allow me to make you another cup of coffee. He had disappeared into the kitchen before I had the chance to refuse his expert hospitality but to be honest; I was rather looking forward to my dinner and relaxing in the bath before bed instead of filling up with coffee and becoming alert when I am trying to do the opposite.
Anyway  as hes busy in the kitchen  I wander over to the laptop on the desk in the corner of the room thats left open and the light is switched on, whilst wondering if Im disturbing him by my very presence here because he was obviously doing something when I turned up out of the blue. I move the mouse and the blank screen changes to the picture of Valerie with a big frothy coffee moustache, which serves as a screen saver. Then, the email box suddenly opens up right in front of me. Now, let me confess here that I can tend be a bit nosey when it comes to things like this. I hate myself for it but I do read other peoples letters too. Why do you think Kim keeps running to get the mail every morning and afternoon before me? She knows that I cannot stop myself from being me of course.
I even shamefully read the private diary of my ex-best friend, when we were tearaway teenagers at college together. (If you are reading this Coral Dickson then I am very sorry about telling everyone that you slept your way through the entire football squad just to become a cheerleader since they, had the casting vote.) I know, I hate myself for it too but she dropped me like a hot potato when she starting hanging out with the cool dudes instead and I wanted everyone to know how she became Miss Popular all of a sudden. Even though, I try my very best to look away now and not read that Dale is in contact with some woman named Coral Dickson. It cannot be the same one surely and she is guaranteeing Dale that if he books her, then he will not only have a night to remember but also have the time of his life to boot. Jeez, what is he doing with her?
Dale had arranged to meet Coral Dickson at that new hotel in the centre of town and she is confirming this (illicit?) liaison. Well I wonder if Valerie knows about this  I figured that the answer is probably no  she does not. We all know deep down that most men are dirty dogs that should never be fully trusted not to take a bite if the occasion presents itself on a plate, because one those juices are fully flowing then there is no stopping them. I should know, since that is how I got Adam to dump Pippa in favour of me back in the day. As I said, that is one less thing to hate myself about for I have concluded that she has finally won him back. God, I cannot believe my old friend and former flatmate Coral went from giving it out freely to charging for it. Is she really a hooker? Am I just jumping to the wrong assumptions and I am best not, to say anything until I find out the truth? Dale enters sheepishly back into the room, where he hands me my cup of coffee and having noticed the screen while rightly assuming that I have indeed read it. He begs please dont mention it to Val. I want her to hear it from my lips first if you dont mind.
You must let her know the moment that she gets back from her parents place. I dont want to see her strung along like this. I knew there was a reason that I disliked Dale and this just confirms my taking to that opinion from the first time I laid eyes on him, as I had a notion that he would keep secrets from my friend and I would be right.
Well I was planning on taking her somewhere romantic and making Val feel special about herself because it might be a bit of a shock to hear something like that out of the blue. I have time to organise something if I put my mind to it. I have to be brave and just go for it.
Yeah, I suppose thats what you must do. Do you think I should be here to pick up the pieces when Valerie hears the bad news and all that?
What do you mean? It is good news and Im sure Val will agree with me on the score that we need to enlist the services of Coral to help us fulfil our fantasy. Oh my God, he wants a threesome with my old mate. While I make my excuses about my dinner with Kim getting cold and leave, this is, after only one swig of the delicious coffee that I had sampled. And if the truth be known, Id rather wanted to finish it off as I expect to receive a call from Valerie later; shell be pouring her heart out about Dale being the one that turned into number two which rhymes with pooh, end of.
Whats in the package? asked Kim when I had gotten in.
Oh, its Turkish Delight. I got it off a client for services rendered. Would you like to have it, because I hate the stuff? I said and holding it out in her direction. I did not want her to know that I bought it for Valerie or more importantly, why?
Ugh, no thanks . . . I dont like it either. Its that stuff that smells a bit like perfume isnt it?
Well then, Id have thought that it would be right up your street. You like that Earl Grey tea and gin and they smell funny too, I reply and putting the gift on the top shelf of the bookcase so that certain little fingers belonging to Charlie dont get their mitts on it.
I know I do but still, like everyone says . . . its an acquired taste, isnt it?
My dad might like to have it; after all, hell eat anything.
Yeah thats handy, never any waste when someone like that is around I suppose, says Kim and looking at her son whilst he puts down his fork and we both know damn well that it wont be getting picked up again anytime soon, as the battle commences to try and get him to finish his dinner.
 The following morning, I am annoyed that Dale must have bottled out of telling Valerie the truth because I have had no word from her about their break-up. I had long assumed that he had another woman on the go from the start, for he seems quite mysterious about his previous relationships and family background. Maybe, he is not all he seems and the coffee shop is just a front for something else like money laundering, although, I have never actually understood what that meant. Do they really wash the dirty money? With what, as surely it just goes all soggy. I should know because I have left five-pound notes in my pockets in the past and they come out the other side, frankly unusable and only fit for the dustbin.
Dale could be peddling drugs from under the counter seeing as I have long since had my suspicions about his chocolate fudge muffin cakes for some time now being ala Amsterdam style. My mind is obviously doing overtime here, as I have nothing better to occupy it nowadays. Therefore, off I pop to visit Valeries surgery because surely these things are best if told face to face rather than over the phone anyway. I have to wait outside her office until she had finished with an overanxious owner and her dog that seems to have gotten its head stuck in a lampshade by the look of it. Then  I find out that Valerie actually put it on his neck for his own good  so I jokingly ask her is that because you ran out of collars?
What are you going on about?
Oh well, at least that made you smile. You are probably not feeling up to doing too much of that right now. I sympathised as gently as I could without upsetting her (being that I am one recently heartbroken person to another who too had separated from her live-in boyfriend).
Actually, I dont think Ill stop smiling in the near future. Ive got some exciting news to tell you, Valerie spoke with sheer joy by the very thought of it and to be honest, I had never seen her so thrilled.
Huh, you seem chirpy enough about dumping Dale for cheating with one Coral Dickson I must say, I said, sounding relieved not to have to keep this secret any longer than possible.
What are you talking about? Coral Dickson is the Events Organiser whos going to arrange our engagement party . . . Dale has only gone and proposed to me last night right out of nowhere, replied Valerie whilst checking on a cats temperature, via a thermometer up the poor animals bum.
Well, I didnt see that one coming. I mean you are not even wearing an engagement ring. Did he not have one ready? What a letdown he is. I said this aloud and then, regretted it immediately seeing as her face fell.
If you must know . . . were getting matching tattoos done of each others name on the third finger, left hand instead. We dont believe in raping the earth of its precious minerals and I personally thought that this was more of a permanent commitment than a diamond ring, which can so easily be taken off or even lost altogether. Valerie was a bit miffed that I was suggesting her fianc was tight.
I suppose if youre happy, then so am I.
God, do not sound too overwhelmed with emotion on my behalf, she retorted being full of sarcasm.
Of course, I do wish the two of you happiness. I really do and many, many congratulations by the way. I lean in and give my friend the biggest hug that I can falsely muster under the circumstances.
For deep down I still do not trust Dale; I do not know why, call it womens intuition if you like but he is hiding something from us. I then left Valerie to get on with her work in peace as her next patient was waiting for her attention. While I went off to have lunch with Kim  seeing as shed finally persuaded Adrian to spend some time alone with his son so that they could bond and become closer because up to now  hes not exactly been a hands on type of father. Being that he never really wanted kids to begin with and it was Kim, who just went ahead with the pregnancy regardless of this major fact. I learned that Adrian finally relented and confessed that he can freely converse with his son without the presence of Kim being around, since Charlie has now reached a certain level of maturity. (Dont forget their son is two not twenty two years of age I want to stress but dont as I dont know what on earth Adrian is trying to get at with this statement and by the confused look on Kims face, neither does she.)
Anyhow, my friend and I met up at that same outdoor Italian restaurant which is the trendy place where Adam had last, been seen wearing a plate of the garlic sauced linguine on his head. Luckily, the waiters did not recognise me as the mad woman who had poured it over my ex-boyfriend and his ex who goes by the name of Pippa. She is probably his current girlfriend by now seeing as we have enviably switched roles, yet again. Kim and I take to our table and make our orders without even looking at the menu, since we tend to be a bit boring in an unadventurous kind of way and always order the same thing. That being a pasta salad for Kim and a meatball feast for me. Honestly looking at you, I dont know where you put it all, said my friend as she looks me up and down.
I know, everyone says that in work when they notice that I tend to eat like a horse without putting on the excess bulk of one.
You should be warned that I was like that before I had Charlie and Ive had to watch carefully what I eat since. I only have to glance at a cake and I can feel my thighs expanding to fit my loose leg trousers, Im not kidding.
This information is added to the list of reasons why I should never have kids. I am convinced that I will put on a ton of weight whilst pregnant, so I will not be able to walk only waddle around at all. Thanks for that image in my head by the way.
I thought we werent going to discuss babies anymore, because I get all broody and you get all . . . anti-little-people.
Huh, you are making me sound like I am against dwarfs but I am nothing of the kind. In fact Snow White was my favourite Disney character growing up.
I can never remember the names, can you? asks Kim and picking up the knife to look at herself in order to check that her eyeliner had not smudged.
I know them all off by heart, I insist.
No you do not . . . I bet you cannot recite them right now.
I bet I can.
If you can name them all . . . Ill pay for this lunch and we wont have to go halves. But if you cant then you pay, deal or no deal?
Deal, right let me think. There were called Dopey, Happy and Smiley . . .
Hold on there wasnt a Smiley. Ive never heard of this name.
Did I say Smiley? I didnt mean to because that would mean there was eight when everyone knows there was only seven, right. I look at her face just to confirm this because I was not that confident after all. Anyway where was I, oh yeah Sneezy . . . Sleepy . . . Curly, Larry and Moe?
That doesnt sound right to me, perhaps we should ask someone.
Pay up sister, you lose. Is it too late to change my order to the most expensive thing on the menu?
Excuse me, I hope you wont take offence because I mean nothing by it but do you know the seven dwarfs? I cannot believe Kim has left our table altogether and is leaning over and asking an actual little person across the way.
Not personally love, but I suspect that you know Im an actor and you saw me in that pantomime at Christmas, didnt you?
Yeah I did, with my son as a matter of fact and we really enjoyed it by the way. But I was wondering if you could confirm whether Curly, Larry and Moe were some of the characters that lived with, Snow White.
Theyre not dwarfs; theyre The Three Stooges.
Of course they are . . . I knew Id heard the names somewhere, thanks for your help.
She makes her way back towards me with the told-you-you-were-wrong smirk written across her face. God I hate being so dumb, especially, when I am so sure that I am right. As I sort of change the uncomfortable subject of me having to fork out for both our lunches by making a toast with the sparkling water (since I cant afford champagne if Im paying) to the recent engagement of Valerie heres to our absent friend.
Here, here. I wish her nothing but good things to come.
Dale has certainly swept Valerie right off her normally rock steady feet. They have only been going out five minutes and now this. It really is a whirlwind of a romance, like something out of a movie. I say and I can tell thats Kims thinking about Adrian and what it is that she has to do to get the man in her life to commit to her and their son on a permanent basis so she can play happy families for real.
I was just wondering how Adrian must be coping with Charlie. He is so not used to childcare. Perhaps, I should call them just to make sure that everythings fine.
Im sure they are, or they would have contacted you. Now relax and enjoy your meal, at my expense, because its not often that it happens so make the most of it.
Apparently, Adrian is taking his child to the local animal sanctuary where they have many different species that are no longer of value to their previous owners. While I wonder if maybe  thats where Ill end up one day  like the old sows or rabbits that had been tested on in a laboratory for the cosmetics industry but now thankfully, theyre free to live out their lives in relative comfort and peace. There are quite a few exotic pets there too, ones which have simply been dumped in the doorway by their previous owners who could no longer look after them. So this safe haven of a place houses everything from snakes to scorpions, spiders to iguanas, you name it and it is probably residing at Five Barn Farm (the name describes how it started off but since then theyve added a stable block and a couple of outhouses). Of course, they have all the better-known animals ranging from sheep to ducks, ponies to parrots.
You know Charlie was really looking forward to going to the animal farm. I hope he is not too, disappointed by the experience since they are his favourite toys at present . . . mind you, that could all change by tomorrow. We all know just how fickle kids can be, only the other day it was still boobies so who knows whats next?
Im sure hell enjoy it but Im not so sure about Adrian.
My son seems to get bored of stuff pretty quickly these days. Charlie has even gone off his must have cereal this morning, the one that he calls honeybees.
Well that is just great  it looks like I will have to eat them if nobody else will  after all I paid for them, all six bloody boxes of the stuff. I mean it is perfectly all right for Charlie to eat the sugary puffballs, for he will have a complete set of new teeth one day. Worryingly for me, if I deem to try to finish them off then I will have no actual teeth left for Mr Bridgewater (my dentist) to manhandle and charge me a fortune for the privilege of fixing in the future.
God, I nearly forgot to tell you my big news.
Youre not pregnant again, are you? I ask and shake my head in disbelief, as I do not think I could cope with two versions of Charlie.
No, but I do get broody now and then. Anyway, I did not want to tell anyone until it was in the bag. I got my mum to babysit and I went for an interview a couple of weeks ago. The PR job is mine for the taking . . . only it means that I will have to put Charlie in nursery earlier than expected.
Good for you. Im made up that youre getting your life back on track. She seems both extremely pleased and sad at the same time  if that were at all possible  like it is the end of an era but the start of an exciting adventure. After lunch, we do a bit of shopping to cheer us both up seeing as I have that stupid Blackpool competition coming up next weekend to look forward to, not. Kim has to get some suitable outfits for her new position back in the workplace. As its goodbye comfy, slummy mummy clothes for smart, take-me-seriously-as-a-woman business wear from now on.
I spent more than I should have as usual, while placing it on the plastic as I buy myself a new dress for the celebratory The Royal Treatment dinner thats planned whether we win or not. Well I intend to get my monies worth out of it, for I will wear it to Valeries engagement party too. When we get back home, poor Charlie looks the worse for wear since he has flopped across the sofa like a rag doll and not feeling at all well as he refuses to move upstairs to his own room. As I wonder if I will have to sleep in his little toddler bed tonight with my cold feet hanging over the edge. Oh how I hate not having Adam about to warm them on at times like this.
Adrian looks genuinely worried about his son for the first time as he blames himself for giving Charlie too much of the fluffy sweet stuff, namely candy floss. Kim seems quite calm about it all, since kids get ill for no reason some days and she efficiently takes it in her stride. I on the other hand am a bit perplexed, for Im on babysitting duty while Kim goes on a much anticipated formal date with Adrian to the opera with his latest clients. It is the last night and they have been looking forward to it (having finally secured some much sort after seats which Adrian managed to purchase at great expense from some ticket tout or other over the internet).
I feel like I cannot tell Kim that I am slightly scared of looking after Charlie all alone, since I have never held such a great responsibility in all my life before. Kims mum usually takes over the reins for her, but shes away on holiday of all things so its up to me to step up to the plate and I tell myself that I can handle a sick child, its no big deal because plenty of people do it. This finds me closely watching Charlies breathing as he snoozes in his bed (shaped to look like a red racing car). It was at that precise moment that Kim wanders in all dolled up to the nines and looking fabulous as usual.
When I asked you to keep an eye on him for me, I didnt mean that you had to stick to him like glue. Go and get your dinner before it gets cold, ordered Kim as she felt Charlies forehead, then behind his neck at the top of his spine.
I dont feel hungry. I am too worried about little Charlie here to stomach anything, I said while sipping my mug of coffee.
But I was not going to pass up the opportunity to nip outside and grab a quick smoke before Kim left, seeing as I dont want to be out of ear shot if Charlie needs me once shes gone. When I get back inside Kim goes to open the door for Adrian, who had just arrived to pick her up. He had left the clients waiting in the luxury of his chauffeur driven car. Adrian rushes straight up the stairs to check on his son before I even get a hello, out of him as I guess the bonding session worked after all. Kim assures the both of us that Charlie will be just fine, even though she is a little concerned about his raised temperature.
Ive given Charlie some medicine to hopefully bring it back down to normal. Only, could you check it again later using the thermometer that Ive left on his bedside table? asks Kim as she slips on her evening jacket over her elegant dress.
Yes, of course I will, I reply and head straight up the stairs to check on him.
He has woken up and that must be a good sign I am sure. So here, I am once again reading childrens books as if they are going out of fashion and with only my strong coffee to keep me going. Charlie adores it when being read to but not tonight it seems for he gets tetchy with the stories that he usually loves while he wants me to, constantly read a different one after only a few pages. The little chap pays hardly any attention to what I am saying, let alone looking at the pictures like he normally does. He seems so weak and feeble that I actually say a little prayer for him. It was something that I had always imagined myself doing with my own mum at bedtimes whilst growing up, only she was not there. Then, I notice that Charlie seems to be rather hot again so I grab the thermometer off the bedside table and it is one of those electronic probe things and I wonder what to do with it exactly. I know that it is not the type, which you put under the tongue  but what other orifice does it go in  I ponder this for a moment. As I think back to my visit with Valerie and she took the cats temperature anally. I really dont want to do this but needs must; I struggle to pull down his pants as hes rolled onto his side when my mobile phone goes off in my pocket.
I am thinking that it would be better to answer it before I start getting my hands dirty and its Kim ringing during the first interval. Thank God, for she instructs me that the thermometer goes in Charlies ear, I did not mention where I was about to put it. I give her the reading and she asks me can you give him some more medicine? He can have it every four hours and then let him sleep it off.
I wrote down the time that you gave him the last dose, so I know exactly when its safe to give him some more. Dont worry, Ive got everything sorted here . . . now you just enjoy the opera and Ill see you later.
Oh, theyre going back in now. Well be straight home afterwards, bye. Then she hung up as I wait for him to fall into a deep sleep before taking the opportunity to grab another much-needed cup of coffee, that is, after I have been to the toilet first that is.
As I wander back into his room, it is then that I notice his bare arm hanging out of the bed and the rolled up sleeve has revealed some red spots on it. I wonder why I did not notice them before. Maybe its measles, which I seem to remember from my own childhood that they can make you blind, I think. So of course, I panic and phone Kim immediately but as of this minute, I cannot reach my friend for her phone automatically goes to voicemail. And thats because they are inside the bloody opera house watching Swan Lake, no thats a ballet as I try to think what its called but my head is too chocker block with worry to come up with an answer. I ring Valerie; after all, a vet is only a few too many thick hairs away from being an actual doctor so to speak. Luckily, I get through straight away since she is halfway to her parents stable block again to check on the horses. If it had been any longer then I would have not gotten to speak to her at all, seeing as I am informed the signal only goes so far out into the countryside.
Well dont go any further, pull over to the side of the road and tell me what to do about Charlie, I order her and she obeys as I explain my plight.
It could be the first signs of meningitis, but do not panic.
Its too bloody late for that; just tell me what to do because Im in serious freefall here. I follow her instruction to the letter as I ran downstairs as fast as my legs would take me to get a wineglass and then, I pressed it against his arm. My worst fears were coming true before my very eyes and this totally wipes the floor with the dentist stuff that I was going on about earlier. The red dots did not disappear and I could still see them through the clear glass.
Valerie then told me check the rest of his body for any more spots or even funny coloured patches on his skin. I ripped off his pyjamas and thankfully, there were no other signs of a rash but he did have a big dark blotchy mark on the side of his right thigh and his fingers were also discoloured. The word septicaemia came into our conversation followed by thoughts of lost limbs. Well, I wasted no time in bungling Charlie up in my arms and racing towards my car in an effort to get him to the local hospital as soon as humanly possible, because Valerie had informed me that it can make all the difference in the world. I did not even know the way to the A & E and I do not have a Sat-Nav or a clue where I am going I might add because I am not from round here remember. While I stopped to ask a police officer on a motorbike, the way, with tears streaming down my face as I hastily explained our life or death situation.
The by now, off-duty officer says I know that time is of the essence when dealing with this type of illness. Ive two nippers of my own. He proceeds to show me a photo that he had popped out of his jacket pocket.
Are you crazy or something, I do not have time to waste here looking at your kids, cute as they might be.
He can clearly see that I am in no mood for pleasantries, so he kindly offers tell you what, Ill escort you there. Youll get through the traffic and the lights no problem with my sirens blaring.
Thanks, Ill follow you. We finally reach the building and while they rush Charlie inside, because the cop had radioed ahead and let them know that we were coming in with an urgent case. I take the time to contact Kim once more, but it goes to voicemail yet again. So I switch my mobile phone off as instructed by the placards placed on the walls and enter the twilight zone and praying that little Charlie will pull through just fine.
There I am busy pacing the tiled floor with the officer mimicking my every move, when Kim and Adrian along with his clients and driver race through the doorway. And at that same moment a nurse presents herself and goes to escort me in to see Charlie for she thinks that Im the mummy that he was asking for. Im his mother. Whats wrong with my little boy? demands Kim as she turns to face the nurse.
Well, he does have a slight raised temperature but apart from that, hes perfectly fine and healthy. So you can take him straight home to his own bed, which he tells me is a red racing car, says the nurse as she smiles and then looks over the clipboard once more.
But what about the meningitis or the septicaemia, surely you cannot have missed the signs, I said as I am both shocked and open mouthed at the same time at their incompetence.
The signs . . . oh you mean the ink, well weve washed that right off. He is as clean as a whistle. OK, if youd like to follow me through here, replies the nurse before she actually whistles a happy tune as Kim follows her.
I cant believe you dragged us all here for this. You scared the life out of us, you blabbering idiot. Hed been colouring-in and drawing pictures of the animals this afternoon using felt-tip pens and one of them happened to leak in his jeans pocket, said Adrian and being not best amused by my antics.
Meanwhile, the police officer just glared at me before leaving as I overheard Adrian apologising to his clients for missing the end of the opera production. I guess Kim got my message before the end of the show, when she had nipped to the loo and was using this as her excuse to check in at home. I will admit that it looks like I have made a silly mistake I agree, but I only had Charlies best interests at heart. I do not hang about though because it is probably right that I go, so I storm outside and across the car park to the main road with the passing traffic in a bid to hail a cab. Whilst I wait, I let out a loud scream with frustration and talk about beating yourself up because that is what I literally wanted to do. Only nobody seems to care, for I could have been raped and butchered right where I stand while no one came to my rescue. That is just typical of my life, since I refuse to believe that anybody truly cares about me and the world hates me just as much as I hate myself. (My dad being the exception to that rule of course and right now, I want to call him but do not as I bottle my feelings up just as I often do where he is concerned in order to protect him from my emotional outbursts and slight mental breakdown.)



Chapter 7


Kim eventually saw the funny side of everything and realised that I would never intentionally put either them or Charlie through such an ordeal like that, if I did not believe that it was truly a life or death situation. Only I am sure that Adrian will never forgive me, for he gives me that hateful look before taking leave of his sons bedside. Kim even takes the piss by drawing a fake mole on her arm and asking me do you think its cancerous? Should I go to the hospital?
Well I was not amused and told her actually, my favourite client recently had half of her lower limbs removed due to skin cancer.
Oh my God, thats really sad. Can she still walk properly?
Yes she can and the good thing is, she gets a discount on the waxing as it only take half the time it used to. I was obviously teasing Kim, just to see the look on her face.
I cant believe you would make up shit just to get a reaction out of me.
Exactly, its the same as faking a mole. Dont you think? Before she could come back with another smart remark, Charlie ran into the kitchen and showed me his pretend broken arm wrapped in a bandage (which is, made out of old white tee shirts that his mum had cut up into strips). His latest and most favourite game of the day was doctors and nurses and he wanted us to play it too.
You got off lightly then and just because I am the mummy, I dont want to literally look like one, says Kim to me as she is lying on the couch wrapped from head to toe in loose bandages of a sort.
You think I like sitting here with a pan stuck on my head, I replied, having to wait my turn to see Doctor Charlie since hes busy with his other patient as he sticks the thermometer into Mr Teddys ear and then listens to his heartbeat down his toy stethoscope.
Because he did not hear anything, Charlie pronounces Mr Teddy, dead.
Doctor Charlie, can you treat me next because I am getting a bit numb lying here. He then lays Mr Teddy down and covers him with a blanket and moves on to Kim, who is probably happily thinking that once she gets seen by the good doctor, then she will be free to go about the business of loading the dishwasher which she was just about to do when the game started.
You . . . dead too, said Charlie after listening to her pulse.
I need to get on with stuff. I cant be dead, said Kim and struggling to get up. Her son pushes her back down and she is in no fit state to wrestle with him seeing as she is still tied up in knots.
Is it my turn now, Charlie? I ask him, hoping to get this finished so I can go out to the market as I had planned to do before all this.
No, he snaps and picks up a cow off his farm set.
It seems that youre playing second fiddle to a piece of plastic, says Kim.
Shut up . . . youre supposed to be dead, remember, I retort and watch Charlie set to work as he breaks off one of the poor cows legs.
Cow is dead.
I am beginning to see a pattern emerging here and I rename Charlie, Doctor Death for he kills all his patients and I am next in line. He wanders over towards me and picks up a sizable red toy hammer off his toolbox and I do not like the look of this one bit. Seriously, what harm can a toddler do with a ow, Charlie that hurt, I said as he bashes me on the right elbow. He follows this up with the left one and I think I know what is coming next as he encourages me to cross my legs so he can check the reflexes of my knee joints. He practically kneecapped me in the process and before I can complain he is banging me on the head with the hammer and now, not only do I have the pan stuck on my head for real but also I have a massive headache to boot. I will not be going anywhere now unless it is to the hospital, if I cannot get this thing off my head. My God, can you imagine how embarrassing that would be especially at my age, if I cannot.
In the end  after many failed attempts of rubbing the metal pan painfully against my ears  the only thing I have succeeded in doing is causing oneself to get an earache as well. I had to enlist Kims help to remove the damn pot with the aid of some baby oil poured over my head over the bath. This is after; I had helped her up first from the couch and there was me trying my best to untangle her from bandage hell in the process. Needless, to say Charlie was not too happy that we had totally spoiled his game for we were all supposed to be dead and I would hate to think what he had planned to do with our bodies. Perhaps, it was an autopsy but where would he get that idea. I was watching one the other day on a crime programme but I have been careful since porn-gate not to leave the telly on when I leave the room. Have I not.
After work on the Thursday, I was off down to the local market to buy some teeth whitening stuff, for it costs a lot less than the chemists and its way cheaper than what my dentist Mr Bridgewater charges. It feels strange; I used to come here with my dad most weekends when I was younger, seeing as he had a stall selling second-hand tools of every form, shape and size. It never interested me much, but men would weirdly spend ages trawling through the stock and lovingly caress the metal and wood whilst cradling them in their arms. That is when I realised how different the male species is to us females. We dont want to know the ins and outs of everything, just how much does it cost, how will we use it and where will we put it? In fact, this is where my shoplifting habit had started. I remember wearing a camel coloured duffle coat and picking up several silver rings to try on since surely the man would not miss one for he has loads of them, or so I had foolishly thought being an eleven year old with attitude. Of course he did, since there was one empty space on the navy blue velvet ring tray. I recalled that he had roughly grabbed me by the hood of my coat and shook me just as the ring left the shocked grasp of my fingers and fell onto the floor.
The man frogmarched me over to my dad, who was only around the corner on one of the other stalls. The regulars all seemed to know each other and helped one another out now and then  by sending some custom their way or even just minding the stall for their neighbour  in return for the price of a coffee. My dad had stood by me and told the man that he believed my story about the ring being, accidentally caught on one of the toggles that was on the duffle coat. Deep down I think he knew all along that I had been telling tales, just to escape a punishment for my arrogant actions of thinking that I could get away with anything if I put my mind to it. To be honest my dad always tried to play fair and give me the benefit of the doubt, by way of compensation for the loss of a mother I suppose. I do not know if he blames himself for her leaving, but I know that I never have. There is only one person to blame and that is me for perhaps I was a bad baby and had made her life so miserable that she left me, not him.
Anyway, back to today for I am still, plagued by a need to steal things. It is in my genes so to speak seeing as my mum stole someone elses rich husband, of whom she met at work and consequently ran away with him. Maybe that explains why I easily took Adam away from Pippa and felt no guilt, to begin with. Only with time, it crept upon me and ate away at the very pit of my stomach, just like an ulcer. For once, I had fallen for Adam, I was worried that the same thing might happen to me and I would lose him to another woman. Well I rather accepted this as being my fate in a weird kind of way for I thought that it was nothing more than I deserved. They do say that what you put out there will come back around to bite you on the butt, or something of that nature. As it turns out, Adam has apparently done a roundabout turn and ended up back where he started much to my dismay. It is funny though, how I have never experienced any remorse over anything I have ever stolen from a shop.
Anyhow, I approach a stall with a short man that has arms so long they probably drag his knuckles along the floor when he walks. As I think, I have found the last surviving Pre-Neanderthal man in the world. He is probably the missing link as I wonder if the local science museum would be interested in finding out about his whereabouts, for a fee of course. He does however (despite looking hairy enough to belong in an ape sanctuary) seem to attract the women as I guess a sense of humour wins easily against looks as far as the fair sex goes. It is such a shame that men in general do not appreciate a funny, average looking woman over a beauty queen that does not even get the joke he just told. It also helps to get the women on side when this man here on this stall has a vast array of items for sale, mainly beautifying products as a teenage lad appears by my side whilst I casually browse through the stuff. It is the same teen, that was at the dentists and he absolutely reeks to high heaven of the cheap spray scent of which he proceeds to purchase some more of the tinned variety. He probably hopes to attract the girlies with it but I think they would actually avoid him, given the overpowering stench that is sure to make them cough as he freely omits the smell into the atmosphere around him and pollutes it without warning.
I half want to give him some advice about the dangers of overdoing it, in a confined space with little or no ventilation for Id heard of a twelve year old lad thatd actually died from breathing it into his lungs. But taking into account that this young gentleman is taller than me (and Im quite tall so that makes him practically a basketball player) only he doesnt seem that friendly when I notice the words hate and kill tattooed across his knuckles. And who am I to advise him to smell natural like teenage boys used to in the past for it was all body odour and sweaty feet  if I recall but the breath was always minty due to the high volume of fresh chewing gum that was consumed and shared  during the long snogging sessions of my youth.
It seemed to take me ages to look for a particular brand of the tooth whitening kit, which I had used last time at home with Adam. It was when I had tried to impress his mother Germaine with my pearliest and whitest of teeth for I had an invitation to a formal function. It had somehow erupted into a fight by the end that involved the chief of police, an African king, an archaeologist and a group of journalists. Apparently, it was all over the news about an ancient skull that had been, discovered in the vaults of a local historic building. It belonged to this particular tribal people (not the bricks and mortar but the bones). The African king had travelled over here to bless the skull at this lavish banquet. I know I should have kept my big mouth shut, right. Well I had only gone and suggested that the African king should be, allowed to take it home with him and give it a proper burial; after all it was stolen in the first place and brought back here only to be exhibited in a museum. Needless, to say Germaine never invited me anywhere after that even with shiny sparkly teeth or not, it did not matter one iota.
The man on the stall wonders do you have anything in mind that youre searching for, love? Or are you just browsing?
Err; actually, Im on a quest for whiter teeth. Ive an event coming up thatll probably involve photographs of some description or other.
I know just the thing, love. Hold on right there, Ill get it for you, he says, opening up the back of his dirty white van, which had the words CLEAN ME, in capital letters written into the muck.
Yeah, thatd be great. Thanks. Meanwhile, I steal a cherry lip-gloss whilst he is not looking.
Then the man pulled out a cardboard box and proceeded to lift the lid, while telling me Ive just gotten this lot in and hadnt had time to even price it up yet.
Well, how much are they?
Tell you what, love, make me an offer. Now I am always sorely tempted, by a bargain. Only as I have never heard of this foreign brand, I am a bit weary to say the least when having been stung before. I was one of the ones that bought that cheap vodka off the market that time, only to discover on the news that it made people blind. Luckily, for me, I had not gotten around to sampling its delights because I was saving it for a party. It broke my heart to pour it all down the drain since that was the only thing it was, fit for by rights. I remember thinking that it was certainly expensive cleaning fluid.
In the end I decide not to break with tradition and purchase the tooth whitening kit since I dont really have that much time; after all I have to get back, get dinner and pack. So I set off to my friends house and after a hurried meal, for Id wanted to be out of the way when Adrian popped around because theres still a bit of a weird atmosphere when he comes over to spend time with Kim and Charlie. As I headed for the bathroom and immediately begin to apply the painted on gunk to my teeth  before wearing the washable, rubberised gum shield  which I suppose will enable the solution to work properly and efficiently. Only, I do hope that it does not wear off after a glass of red wine and coffee (not at the same time, yuck).
I also find a pair of rubber gloves supplied in the box and wonder what they are for since it cannot be toxic if it is going in my mouth, right. In addition, I cannot for the life of me read the text because it is, written in some foreign language that is probably Russian or some other eastern bloc country. I cannot possibly decipher it. Jeez, Id make a terrible spy as I cant even find out what a stupid pair of rubber gloves is for (apart from wearing obviously) let alone any plans for world domination and James, I think your job is safe and I wont be taking on the title of Mrs Bond any time soon.
This scenario finds me lying in the empty bath with the comfortable leatherhead rest and switching on the shower radio. As I plan, on staying put until Adrian has gone for I do not want the funny comments if he catches me like this. I close my eyes for just a nanosecond and before I know it, Kim is banging on the door and busy waking me up. I jump up only to hear the news being aired as it informs me that Ive been in here for over three hours (not literally of course because thats hardly going to be worth putting out over the airwaves) and my friend was getting slightly worried about me. I open the door and grin, while blatantly looking behind her for any sign of Adrian.
Oh dont fret . . . Elvis has finally left the building.
Cant a girl take a bath in peace around here? I mumble through the gum shield.
Yes she can, but Id advise that she remove her clothes first and put some water in the tub as that might help to improve the bathing experience, Kim retorts and I smile to show her that I can take a snide remark when I want to.
Thats a funny thing to say . . . as in peculiar, not amusing.
Are you supposed to keep it on for that long? Kim asks as she watches me remove the rubberised thing from my mouth and rinsing out both with running water.
I am not quite sure how long is too long because I cannot read the instructions and besides, I figure that these things are pretty much the same the world over. Anyway, do my teeth look whiter? I force out my biggest smile and grin from ear to ear.
Its hard to tell in this artificial light. Why dont you come downstairs and have a look under my natural daylight bulb, the one that I use for reading, replied Kim as we hurriedly departed the bathroom together.
It was not any better under the spotlight, for my teeth had only gone and taken on the florescent colour of the pale green gunk that I had painted on. I raced back upstairs and scrubbed my teeth with lashing of toothpaste stuck to my brush as hard as I could in a bid to remove the paint job. To no avail since the colour fervently remained the same, much to my dismay. I knew deep down it was too good to be true, getting the second one thrown in as one of those buy one, get one free offers. That damn hairy man with the dirty van who sold me this stupid stuff should have cleaned his vehicle with it instead.
I wonder what I can do to get rid of the stain on my teeth, which frankly looks worse than when I started for they now look as ghastly as a ghost does. While I tried not to think about it and hastily packed whilst chewing gum for England, the kind that supposed to whiten them in the process but it only ended up making my teeth even shiner. Now it seems that I have changed paint bar charts, seeing as I have gone from matt to gloss all in one stroke. I even rang Valerie for guidance but all I learned was that Beavers have big, thick, orange teeth because they need all that strong coating of enamel to be able to break open the bark of trees. Either she has been at the ale again or taking that horse tranquiliser which she should have delivered to her mothers mare, since this is of no importance to my predicament and me. Unless of course, I get peckish for a nibble or two of the oak tree out front of Kims townhouse and if that happens then, I will be the one needing medication forth with. In the end, I have to admit to defeat and give-up trying to get rid of the blemish on the horizon of my smile, simply because I really need to get to bed for I have an early start tomorrow.
In the middle of the night, Kim came creeping quietly down the stairs on her way to the kitchen to make some herbal tea to help her sleep better. She did not put the light on so as not to disturb me but I disturbed her when I noticed her shadow and smiled at my friend. My grin had lit up like a beacon on a lighthouse and practically guided her towards the safety of the doorway, by helping her to avoid getting the knocked knee effect on the edge of the side table in the gloom of the darkness. Kim grabbed me and turned me around to face the huge mirror that hung up on the far wall in order to bounce some light back into the lounge from any sunlight or streetlamp that might happen to come through the window. It was, positioned above the sofa.
Do me a favour and smile, she ordered and we both burst out laughing  seeing as what else should one do in such circumstances for Im a great believer in that old saying  if you dont laugh youll cry.
The following morning, I wish I had time to visit Mr Bridgewater my dentist since he might have been able to sort my teeth out for me. I simply have to go so I guess I will have to grin and bear it as they say, no pun intended. I make my own way up to Blackpool by car, as I could not stand the bitchiness of travelling by coach with Janine and co. They will be taking the speedy motorway journey but I prefer the peaceful, less stressful scenic route of the countryside on this bright and beautiful day. I pop a blank looking music CD into the player and it happens to be one of the ones, which Adam made for me. It consisted mainly of love songs from the past with a couple of newer ones thrown into the mix. The ones that Adam had assured me were expressing the way he felt deep down even if he could not say it himself, or I for that matter. The next track was a song titled Im dying 2 love U and it was our song but I didnt want to be in a sad mood today so I whipped that one straight out, only then; I couldnt find anything else that took my fancy. Well I certainly was not in the mood for singing anything, which Adam always tried to make me do in the car just so I would not get so het up and full of road rage with all the worrying things that constantly swim around inside my head.
It was at this point that I turned the radio on to our local station and immediately heard one of Dales jingles, which advertise his growing coffee empire. A couple of his establishments that were big enough to house comfy leather armchairs and wooden bookshelves, even have a book swapping scheme going on. He tried to claim it was part of his save the trees ideal but really, its just another ploy to get the punters through the door. They have a policy that involves bringing along a book for a free exchange of another; there is a wide selection to choose from on the shelves. As I suddenly wonder if they do childrens books too, for I am getting mighty tired of reading Charlies favourites repeatedly.
Then the news of the day is broadcasting out from my speakers and I now realise the time, seeing as my watch had stopped, as they tend to do on me every so often. I must have some sort of energy drain in my body since the batteries always seem to die for some strange unexplained reason, which should be, investigated one day by weirdo scientists so they can tell me why this is. But right now  Im running late as usual and its always the same whenever Im in a bloody hurry  I find myself stuck behind not only one slow tractor but a whole damn row of them. Is there a convention going on around here that I do not know about, because I have never seen so many together before?
They should be, banned from using the roads by day and only travel at night as far as I am concerned. I just do not have the time for this, so I decide to take my life in my hands and bolt. I have to hold my nerve as I easily overtake the first, then the second and the third. While reaching the gap after the forth one is a bit tricky since there is a rather large lorry suddenly heading my way, at some speed. I clearly have a big choice to make here, so either I crash into a tractor or the lorry. As I suddenly veer to my right with panic and vacate the road altogether, where I drop down a verge and somehow end up in the middle of a cornfield. So I try to find my way out of it but the high stalks mean I cannot see anything apart from the elongated stems which are knocked down as I drive around (probably in circles for all I know) and even a state of the art satellite navigation system wouldnt help me here. All of a sudden, my car dies for no apparent rhyme or reason and I feel truly cursed.
Now I know absolutely nothing about cars and why they would do things like this, my breakdown cover had recently expired as I had stupidly neglected to get it renewed and having spent the funds on a designer dress for this upcoming shindig instead. I will be damned if I am going to miss it altogether for the sake of a car that wont help me out when I need it most. It is at this stage that I discover that my phone has gone dead as well; Charlie must have pulled the charger out again. I cannot have drained the batteries of mobiles and vehicles surely. I am suddenly a bit spooked by all this, seeing as I immediately think of crop circles and UFOs, to which Ive seen too many movies to stick around here any longer than absolutely necessary so Im off.
There is only one thing for it; I will have to hitchhike which I have not done since I was an angry young teenager running away from home. I think it was something to do with not, being allowed to watch an 18-certificate film and I was livid for being treated like a child at the grand old age of thirteen. I later saw that particular movie when I was twenty-one and it scared the shit out of me, only I will not mention this to my dad and let him know that he was right all along. Needless to say, my escape from home didnt end well when the older gentleman giving me a lift suddenly bent over the steering wheel and died whilst at the traffic lights, for hed suffered a brain aneurism. How unlucky was I, because he did not get to show me his newborn puppy or even let me stroke it. At least that was what I had foolishly thought at the time. It makes me shudder just thinking back.
Back to the here and now when Id flung my car door open and jumped outside  whilst looking around for a way out but it was like some sort of mad maze  seeing as I couldnt see over the top and dont forget that I am quite tall. I climbed up on top of my motor and had a good view back towards the road, while I lit a cigarette to calm my growing anguish. Bearing in mind that the very reason I chose this backwater scenic route was the genuine lack of traffic to irritate me and this now seems to have been a big mistake, since there is little chance for a lift that will take me to some sort of civilisation from this place.
This lonely lane only accommodates the odd lorry and tractor, well apart from local residents using it as well I suppose. My chances of gaining a ride all the way to Blackpool are slim, unless of course there is a major pileup involving a coach load of beauty therapists and hairdressers, thus the traffic is hastily, diverted this way. No such luck occurs and I am here for the duration it seems so I lit another cigarette and take in the fresh country air that suddenly makes me want to honk. I had forgotten that I hate the countryside and this is one of the reasons why. For there is a farmer spraying his field across the road with what I believe to be liquid manure using a machine called a muck spreader, at least I think thats what they call it. And it smells so bad that one can hardly breathe let alone speak to a passing old dear, whod pulled over to see if I was all right what are you doing here? Are you lost?
You could say that, I reply and putting out my cigarette.
Only  when I then smiled to appear friendly and not like some serial killer on the prowl that had just emerged from the cornfields  having disposed of my last victim with bits of leaves still stuck in my hair from battling my way through it. Even before I could mention anything about Blackpool at all, she just said Im afraid that I cant offer you a lift because Im not going there. She drove off at some speed. It was probably the teeth, that had scared her away and I am left here to, be gassed by the Gestapo farmer. I do not know why I bother some days. I really, really do not.



Chapter 8


It took me ages but I finally got a signal (for a mere minute and a bit so at least I got through and explained that my car needs rescuing and taking to a garage) whilst Im on board the back of a trailer that Im currently sharing with a potbellied pig. The kind farmer (I totally take back the Nazi slur on his character from earlier on) and his young son  who sits up high in the blue tractor  well they are taking me as far as the next town and I can get a train from there. I rang my dad to come and rescue my vehicle before it is, churched up in some giant combine harvester which will no doubt make mincemeat out of it. While I really need that car in one piece if I am to contain my grip on reality right now. As I can feel the reasonable side in me slowly drifting away when I want to scream in total frustration, because nothing ever goes right for me and I have to deal with all this type of crap on what seems like a daily basis.
The smelly pig decides to use my suitcase as a scratching post and all I can think is that I hope the horrid scent does not transfer onto my clothes inside. The farmer did not mind my garish teeth for he too sports the same green colour, only his is probably from eating grass or something. I secretly wish I was in Japan right now (apart from the fantastic sushi bars) I could freely walk around wearing a dust mask seeing as no one would bat an eyelid for everyone wears them in public in order to stop the spread of germs, or is it pollution? Do you suppose, it was the one place on earth that Michael Jackson truly felt at home. Since nobody thought it odd that, he was wearing a surgical mask and he was not a doctor. Only mine would hide my embarrassing teeth  for I am sure I cannot keep up the speaking without showing my actual fangs  because my speech resembles a granny with no teeth in when I do try.
We have arrived at the large town and thankfully, there was little chance of me actually falling off the trailer seeing as the tractor went that slow around corners I had thought we had stopped and it was time to get out every time we reached one. Now that I am back in my comfort zone, being a pub barstool while I wait for the next train to Blackpool. Why can women not have a quiet drink all alone without some dickhead drunk thinking that he is every womans fantasy and she cannot possibly resist him? So when I politely turn down his advances Im not interested, mate so move on.
You must be one of them dykes then. Or a tranny but Ill tell you what, youre a bloody good looking one and I still would. He let me know this in front of everyone before storming off as if I have done him some disservice.
I should have just smiled at him instead and maybe  that would have done the trick of getting rid of him more quietly  who knows as some men will not take no for an answer. I am feeling very thirsty as I down my dirty dishwater in one fell swoop (whilst pinching my nose) otherwise known as local ale. The name of it is Mucky Ducky by the way and I wonder if it comes from that farm with the pig shit since it smells weirdly, as if it just might. I soon head off to the loo since this stuff suddenly seems to have dislodged my dinner from last night, to put it nicely.
On my exit down the narrow hallway I am, accosted by that same rodent that had approached me earlier at the bar. He was on his way to the mens, when I unfortunately vacated the loo at the same time. Now, the strong brute has caught me off guard for he quickly pushes me through the doorway and into the darkened corridor that leads to the emergency exit. They do say that it is not safe for a lady to travel alone, but I never expected this. His hands are all over me in a flash and he is literally trying to force himself on me. I open my mouth to scream but in the horror of it all, nothing comes out. I had heard that this can happen to women when they find themselves in a fearful position but you do not ever expect it to happen to you so when it does, this comes as an even bigger shock.
My only saviour is the fact that my teeth glow-in-the-dark and this vile man, is actually scared of me instead whilst sensing that I am a threat to him. He thinks that I am some sort of vampire, while I will admit that my canines are a bit longer than the other teeth. Dont bite me and drain my blood. I dont want to die, the man begs. Those movies, books and programmes sure have a lot to answer for and at this stage of the game, I am extremely grateful that this divvy believes that they really do exist. I do not dispel this thought as I hiss at him and show my (not that long) fangs which are supposed to penetrate his neck. I have trouble with a pork chop most days never mind chomping on his thick fatty skin. As of now, he will not be penetrating me or anything else for that matter since it suddenly smells like that farmers field in here for real. While hes the one who now screams and runs out the pub exit as fast as his drunken state will take him.
All I can say is, thank God the train journey was boring and uneventful seeing as I somehow end up arriving at our hotel before the rest of them lot from The Royal Treatment do. As I take up an armchair in the lobby and wait.
Hi . . . I thought you guys would have got here ages ago.
Mr Nash mutters something as he plonks down in the chair next to me there was a bit of a pile-up on the motorway. He is wearing his usual silk checked scarf wrapped around his throat. I have always wondered why he wore them as tightly as he does; for I really do not think it is to hide love bites like one of the juniors had suggested.
Oh I see, I hope nobody was hurt, I reply and Mr Nash ignores what I said as he sniffs the air around me, for he has a strong sense of smell.
Is it you, that reeks?
No, of course not . . . its that. I point at my faux snakeskin covered case that stands upright between us.
He bends down and takes a sniffle before asking are you sure the snake was dead long before you had it wrapped around your case because it whiffs something wicked?
The pong was caused by a pig, who tried to hump my baggage on the back of a trailer if you must know.
My dear, what you get up to in your own time is between you and your God and has nothing to do with us. But I will be damned if you will bring it with you and have everyone talking about us for all the wrong reasons. Then he shrugs at the rest of them to a round of sneers and flounces off with his oriental manservant who does not speak English by the way but carries the bags for him, as he understands it all right.
Amber, youll have to get it fumigated or something but you cant bring it upstairs to the rooms, says Paige and starts to read out the lists of who is sharing with whom. As I drag my humiliation to the front desk in order to see if they can help me in any way. I was, offered a bin bag for my stuff and they will get the case to someone who can have it cleaned but it will cost me. Does not everything these days. While I expect to get nothing free even if it says so, there is always a catch somewhere down the line.
I am to share a room with Alison (which I am happy about) for we are in this competition together after all and whether we win or not, I for one am certainly determined to have a good time because I did not come here for nothing. So the first thing I do once inside our room, is to open up the mini bar and help myself to a wee bottle of vodka that I mix with some pure orange juice. Only boring arse Alison opts for a cup of tea instead and I can see straight away that this is not going to be anyway near the party central that I had in mind.
I think about helping myself to a couple more stiff drinks but its really no fun drinking by oneself, so I pass on that idea altogether. As Alison unpacks before we head off to the Hair, Beauty and Makeup Exhibition. It is being, held in one of the conference halls, which are, housed in the massive building next to our hotel. Theres a beguiling mix of everything beautifying known to man (from must have products to the latest treatments) of which were all keen to try but not so much buy seeing as most of this stuff is quite pricey and totally out of our spending range.
We all soon split-up and I was glad for one to be shot of Janine, who laughed at me every time I tried something  be it a lip plumper or cellulite buster  the nipple soothing erection cream I gave a miss. Oh by the way, I stole a beautiful mirrored compact from a posh stall and a fancy brooch that contained a hidden lip balm from another; they will make great presents for Kim and Valerie. What I was really looking out for was some way to remove the horrible green, glow-in-the-dark paint that still adheres to my teeth. As I came across the special effects makeup stall and they had something similar. Therefore, I explained my problem to the helpful chap who had asked volunteers to sit in his chair while he worked his magic.
He told me well, Ive never heard of this particular product but they usually have to wear off from what I know of these things. And he went on to show-off his skills to the gathering crowd with a large, false gash on the side of my hand which was made from some form of latex and makeup that actually sprayed out fake blood. This was, secured in a hidden pouch up my sleeve that connected to a tiny tube in the wound. All I had to do to make it splatter the red stuff was bend my elbow and this would squash the blood bag into action.
I could not wait to show the rest of them since it looked so real and I wanted to fool Janine good style and then squirt her with it in the face. I had planned to persuade her to bend down and look closely at it, when I tell her that it has bits of splintered glass still embedded in it. In the ensuing masses of people, I found it hard to find anyone as even my trainee Alison had disappeared from sight. While I decided to nip outside for a quick fag, as the others all had their fill of the displays and demonstrations on show. Only the door I had mistakenly gone through did not lead outside, since it led into the midst of another large conference room. As the talk was just starting I was suddenly ushered to take a seat by a pushy woman in a pale grey two-piece trouser suit that carried a laptop bag, which she used to steer me like a pig into a pen.
I looked around for anyone I knew but in the darkness, it was hard to tell who was who. When I settled down to listen to some mind-numbing lecture on the beauty industry no doubt. Then on to, the stage leapt a flamboyant man wearing a suit, which probably cost more than I earn in a year but he did not look like he was going to try to sell you a lipstick. He also looked like a floppy haired graduate from Oxford and soon to be prime minister as he spoke with such a posh accent that me being a northern lass, well, it was like listening to a BBC announcer from the fifties (thats what my dad would have said anyhow). Indeed, he made Prince Charles look positively common as muck.
It was at this point that I realised that I was not in the beauty conference anymore and had defected to the other side, meaning business and commerce. I did not have a clue what he was going on about as he spoke of pie charts, leverage (whatever that is) synergy along with floatation and next came things like paradigm shift and facilitate. What does boil the ocean mean? Apart from it being dumbfounding, to my pea-sized brain with all the data that frankly bored the shit out of me. Then, he mentioned something about winning a signed copy of the latest bestseller and my ears pricked up as I am all for a freebie. Only what are the chances of it being a paranormal/romance novel? None it seems for it wasnt something that Id be interested in attaining as I find out the title, They Cant Teach You Clout, Youre Born With It which Im told is about what they dont drill into you at an expensive business and economics school.
The man on the podium soon asks members of the audience to guess a percentage to some question or other. Well I was not even really listening when I automatically put my hand up along with the others around me. As I always like to join in even if I have the wrong answer and I was exactly the same in school but thankfully, I never got picked to speak up and make a fool out of myself by showcasing how dumb I really am. Another skinny man with a microphone ran over to a few people and they were wrong. Then he came to me and I just mumbled any number off the top of my head. The man on the stage asked me did you say thirty-three? I had not, but nodded yes anyway in a frenzy of excitement.
I won and yes, I know that I slightly cheated on purpose but I have never won anything before. Except for that time when I was at high school and I won a bottle of whiskey on the Tombola. As I recall the teacher had refused to give it to me because of course, my mum was not with me and my dad was at work. I am sure that he had snuck it away for himself though, since he was widely known to be a bit of a pisshead. That same teacher had even given me an A+ once, so I know he must have been drunk when he had marked my homework on the rise and fall of the Roman Empire. I think I had mentioned something about them being nothing more than power hungry, ruthless party animals and I suppose he had empathised with this for he had just been, passed over for promotion to the post of deputy head or something.
I thought they would bring my prize to me in my seat and that would be the end of it but no, I have to go up there onto the stage in front of all these people to collect it. The host encourages the crowd to give me a round of applause and I feel weird because I have done nothing to deserve it. I just wanted to grab the book and getaway from there as quickly as possible. They all stared at me, this woman who did not appear quite the part in her jeans and loose scarf ala student style and casual jacket not to mention carrier bag instead of briefcase. I tried to keep my hand (which had the work of the special effects, makeup man on it) out of sight behind my back and not smile but then, I will just look ungrateful.
While I cannot believe it when the actual author of the book then strolls out onto the stage to another round of applause. The host introduces him as Simon Shaw and I step out from behind his shadow to collect my prize from the man who wrote it. The man in question only turns out to be bicycle-bloke-without-a-helmet of all people. In my state of shock, I quite forget the false wound on the back of my right hand as I automatically reach it out to shake his outstretched one before hastily taking the book from his other hand.
Of course, the inevitable happens as the fake blood squirts out at him with all the force of a projectile vomit whilst the audience gasps in horror at what they think is a self-inflicted wound. Simon Shaws smart business suit is literally, covered in red gunk and I just smile awkwardly as I do not quite know what else to do. He obviously recognises me but seems a little put-off by my green teeth and who can blame him? When I am suddenly wrestled to the ground by some burly security blokes, who seem to think that Im some sort of animal rights protester for one of them informs me youre a week too late for that particular conference, young lady.
But Im not supposed to be here, this is all a big mistake.
You said it, lady. In the very glare of everyones repulsion at me for spoiling this little get-together when I am, escorted from the building in shame like some criminal.
If youll just let me talk to my boss, hell verify who I am and what Im doing here, I plead but they take no notice of what I am saying.
Oh by the way, youre barred from entering this establishment ever again so go home and stay away from here, says one of the men as he takes my picture, without my consent I might add. As I, suddenly worry about how I am to enter tomorrows competition when my face is clearly about to be plastered on the FBI most wanted list. Alternatively to put this action into other words as a photograph of me was, put up on the wall by the entrance. I head back to the hotel and sulk with a small bottle or two of wine for company as I try my best to figure this one out.



Chapter 9


I had long since dosed off by the time Alison came back from the conference centre. She had walked into our hotel room to find me lying in the middle of miniature bottles and a broken glass beside me that I had accidentally dropped whilst drunk. Alison noticed my blood splattered hand and clothing so she immediately panicked, whilst grabbing the receiver to ring down to reception for an ambulance. Before I know it, there are strange men in my room and one of them is asking Alison so do you think that shes the suicidal type?
Now Alison, whilst trying to be ever helpful suddenly informs them well, she had been recently dumped by her live-in lover. I notice they nod their heads in sympathy as I am trying to suss out, what is going on and why do these hotel employees want to know my personal business anyway. Then I look at my right hand, which has been, wrapped in a loose bandage from an open first aid box on the side table. While I stagger to my feet for I am still feeling tipsy from all the alcohol I had consumed.
For I promptly call a halt, to the whole proceedings when the ambulance men turn up and try to wrestle me onto a stretcher. I scramble to break free, as they clearly will not believe what I have to say. I race around the bed and grab a pair of scissors off the side table. They all look at me as if I am about to stab myself with them and they charge towards me as we all fall onto the bed in a heap. I finally manage to hastily, cut the bandage off to reveal that I have indeed not a real wound on the back of my hand, just as Alison had thought but one courtesy of the special effects exhibit.
The ambulance man told the hotel man, we often get callouts like this all the time, people pretending to be at deaths door just to gain the attention thats so clearly missing from their lives.
The hotel man replies she has been dumped by her boyfriend. He is actually using this as some sort of reason for my non-existent suicide attempt. I really cant be bothered to explain that it wasnt me who rang them in the first place but quite frankly, I dont need any more attention even from the likes of them listening to me speak.
As I just ignore them and slope off to the en-suite bathroom to gain some privacy, while I scrape off the fake wound and freshen up. Alison saw them out of our hotel room before gently knocking on the door to apologise. Im sorry about that; I only had your best interests at heart. And look at it this way; at least I care enough about you to seek help if I think you need it.
You had to make sure that I survived long enough to be your model in the competition more like. I retort as I bound out of the room and give her a long lasting hug to let her know that I am fine  we are fine  but famished. As I then eagerly ask so, what are we doing for dinner this evening?
Err . . . Mr Nash has arranged for us lot to go to the local pizzeria. They have a special offer on tonight. Hes going with Mr Chan to a swanky restaurant nearby. It will probably be somewhere romantic, even though Mr Nash has never officially come out of that see-through closet he insists on hiding in. He claims that Mr Chan is just a dear friend who looks after him (as if I have not heard that one before).
Later at dinner, Paige informs me of his excusable absence from around our table Mr Nash is having dinner with an acquaintance to talk about expanding his salon business.
Is that what they call it these days?
What are you on about? And why were the ambulance men called to your room?
Oh they got the wrong one. It was Mr Nash they were after, I reply and leave it at that because I know that she would never ask him anything personal about his health since she knows better and how he guards his privacy. I ask her something that has been bugging me ever since I started working for Mr Nash. Do you know why he wears that neck chief all the time, even in the blistering heat of the Sahara desert hed still be draped in silk? It makes me itch just thinking about it. My mind wanders as I ponder the delights on offer for they only do ten kinds of pizza here. Can you believe it, no meat feast?
To be honest, I think it has something to do with his father since he never wants to talk about him, Paige suggests, but it is simply not good enough fodder for me and I want to know more.
Perhaps, he has a scar that hes trying to hide or just really bad acne. It might be a political tattoo that he once proudly supported, but is now ashamed of it. Jeez, I dont know what to think about anything anymore, I rambled on as my overactive imagination took hold but Paige wasnt even listening to me, for shed just received a text message from this mysterious new boyfriend of hers.
All of a sudden  Paige left us  only to go and hook up with him, whoever he is I still have not found out. While I turn my attention to Alison as I try to gross her out for a laugh with a little something I had learned from Adam. I accidentally on purpose, pretended to cut my finger whilst doing the stabbing between the spread out hand trick using a knife. Hidden inside my curled up palm was an open sachet of tomato ketchup that I had squirted onto my finger to provide the blood. Their shocked faces were a picture, as I slowly opened up my hand to reveal the sachet and licked my supposedly cut finger dry. I think that man on the special effects stand would be, quite impressed by my cheap little stunt since I know I am.
The rest of my co-workers were not very pleased with my party trick, as a few of them on our table looked too ill to actually, eat anything now including Alison. She was still thinking about my wounded hand from earlier on in our hotel room and how that had made her feel. I gave up trying to entertain the troops and settled down to eat my pizza instead. I notice that they all use knife and forks with theirs while I believe in the old adage, when in Rome and all that. Well I pick mine up and fold it over as I saw the natives do in the little Italian village, that Adam took me to for a romantic break last year. Oh boy, do I miss him all over again.
It was after I had finished off the remaining garlic bread and licked my fingers clean, before the lemon scented finger bowls come out. Not that this lot will need them since they have not even touched the food with their hands all evening, for who eats garlic bread using a napkin of all things. I soon realise that I do not really know the people that I work with. Talk about finicky; God knows how they have lived this long without someone smashing a plate over their heads. I mean you cannot have garlic bread without garlic in it, since surely that is just plain flat bread and butter. They do nothing but moan that they want no onions on this and no olives on that as I wonder what their mothers fed them whilst growing up. Then I remember that my own mum did not even bother to stick around and feed me at all, so I guess they were luckier than I was in that respect.
As we leave the restaurant we are, offered some parsley to chew on seeing as it supposedly takes the smelly garlicky breath away. I munch away like a cow grazing in the pastures but to no affect. My mouth still reeks like a French mans armpit  only now  I have added herbs to the mix with stalks sticking in the gaps of my mouldy coloured teeth. So I stop off at a newsagent next door to buy some minted gum instead, mind you, I dont know why because I plan on getting hammered and my breath will smell like a brewery by the time Im finished tonight anyway.
We soon head for The Velvet Club, which was across the way and I am delighted to find its right up my alley in terms of entertainment. We have entered into the transgender zone and are seated in a booth at the back while others at the front are picked on relentlessly by the very tall-heeled, man in an even taller black wig that is surely in homage to Amy Winehouse. The drag artists beehive actually looks like one though and has a few fake bees flying about it on wires that move, so it looks like they are buzzing about. The man in drag makes me laugh so hard, my belly hurts as he takes the piss out of everyone and life in general. Hold on  on closer inspection of the bloke behind the makeup  it only turns out to be my friend Valeries ex-boyfriend and he is good, so good in fact. While I can fully understand now why he said this was his calling in life and he chose this over her which is a shame really because I like him much more than I like Dale at present, dress or no dress and at least I felt like I could trust him to be honest with her.
Janine observes rather loudly no wonder you find him so amusing, you could pass for one of those on stage with a little more makeup on. Our group sniggers, probably in agreement. Well I do not care, for I am thoroughly enjoying myself as I watch the show so I do not take the bait to be miserable on her account. Then I notice that Janine does not seem to approve of seeing me happy, for she gathers the group and they promptly decide to go to another bar instead. To which I will have to follow or I will be, left here all by myself.
We enter bar number two and it is only Karaoke night of all nights. Its not that I mind this but I decide to keep a low profile just as Alison bravely gets up to do a number encouraged by Janine and company, who probably just want to sneer some more at someone elses expense. Take no notice of them, it wasnt that bad, I assure Alison when she returns to our table. As I go to knock back my drink but someone pushing past me nearly spilt it so I look across to the bar to see if this place has any straws on offer that I can use. They do not and I risk wearing my booze in here if I am not careful, or more to the point if everyone else does not respect my space. We then watch Janine take to the stage for she is determined to win the 50 prize money. Janine is a good singer and my heart sinks because I actually think she is going to win this thing as no hoper, after no hoper gets up and tries to out, shine her but fails miserably.
My name is suddenly called out over the speakers and Im summoned to the stage for a chance to beat Janine the current frontrunner, who by the way put my name forward whilst hoping that Ill get laughed at for being tone deaf. It could turn into a case of shoe belonging to other feet or whatever the saying is. In fact I have always, been told that I have a great singing voice only not the desire to push it any further into becoming an ambition. I was in the church choir for a number of years and we did several concerts where I actually took the lead but then, I hit a certain age in my late teens and the terrible stage fright took over with sickening consequences. One time  when I was literally so ill with nerves that I vomited into a French horn right in the middle of a number in front of the audience and as a consequence of that little episode  I walked away from that life altogether and never pursued it again.
Its been a while since Ive sung anything apart from at home so I hope my voice holds out and of course, any kind of warm-up is totally out of the question as I take the microphone in my slightly trembling hands but Im adamant that I will not let Janine beat me. So I close my eyes and go into a trance whilst I belt out a recent hit song with all my might and after which, I realised that the audience had enjoyed it for theyre all on their feet and clapping when Id finished. All except for Janine that is, who storms out on her way back to the hotel whilst claiming that she has to get her beauty sleep if she is going to win the competition tomorrow.
I didnt know you could blow like that. Youve got a really strong voice and a hell of a set of lungs on you, only its a shame that TV talent show is finished or you could have given the winner a run for her money and won the whole thing, says Alison (my biggest fan).
Never mind that, I cant believe I actually won the 50, I reply as I hold up the cash in my hand but I do seem to be on a bit of a winning streak at present. First off  it was the book  well I know I slightly cheated there and then this. Now, Im often told that I could have been a professional singer if Id have wanted it badly enough and Janine was not to know that when shed challenged me but a win is a win in my mind no matter what so Im certainly chuffed to bits about it. Especially because I beat Janine and revenge is, always sweet mixed with a little humiliation.
The creepy owner of the bar suddenly sidles up to me and offers would you like to do a gig here next Saturday? Well pay the going rate if youre interested.
No, no I dont sing. Well I can sing, but not professionally, I reply and turning him down flat seeing as Ive never craved the spotlight for it takes such a toll on my very being, by causing me to suffer so badly with nerves if I remember rightly. I would be, all choked up before a performance and then cannot breathe properly which is not good if you are a singer because they do tend to rely on that sort of thing in order to produce the correct notes at the correct time. So I think I will stick to what I do best, making others shine by looking great and standing out in a crowd that way. The DJ is not the first that night to mention the fact that I resemble a certain Goth with the big white blonde hair, which almost looked good enough to eat on one occasion on the TV show because it resembled some candyfloss. The young woman in question has just won that massive talent show on the telly. Hell, I even sound like her I am informed and that is saying something for she has just received the biggest telephone vote in the history of all British reality programmes, so it is a huge compliment to behold.
Now, my mind is racing fast for I have just struck on a great idea to get me into the fantasy makeup competition tomorrow. Without anybody even, noticing that I have entered the building seeing as I am barred and all. Well this plan might just work, if only I could get my hands on a long white blonde wig and Goth type clothing plus accessories of course. I express my dilemma to Alison  whos worried that all her hard work on the tree design might be in vain  if I cant show up and show it off. As we make our way back to the hotel and swaying arm in arm, we meet up with a bunch of stags on a bender weekender.
Even with beer goggles firmly in place, Im still not first choice when it comes to getting my tits out for the lads. After a bit of verbal banter that ended in swearing on both sides along with threats of stiletto heels in their eyes, they finally seem to have gotten the message and stagger off. While we wander past a fancy dress shop that has a Goth dressed outfit on a mannequin in the window. Only I cannot hire it because the shop is closed being that it is now into the wee hours of the night (and I mean that literally, for I am dying to go for a pee as I contemplate doing it in the gutter).
Meanwhile Alison the quiet mouse of a girl who would not normally say boo to a ghost is all of a sudden such a brave, sod-the-law, lager lout with attitude. We could break-in and borrow the outfit, suggests Alison. As I did not quite realise what this competition truly meant to her and the means by which she is willing to go to in a bid to win it, until I saw her pull out a set of lock picks from her handbag. Now there is something that you do not find everyday in other womens accessories. I soon discover that thats what Alisons family does for a living, apparently, they run a locksmith business and I start to wonder if they still have a broken catch on the bathroom door. Anyhow, it seems that she had trained to join them in the firm but found that her true vocation lies in beauty instead.
So here I find myself busy undressing a mannequin, while Alison searches for an appropriate wig that we can style to hopefully match the now famous ringlets of one reality star, namely Carrie Coyle. She finds something that maybe we can work with given that there was not a lot of choice material in stock and beggars cannot be choosers and all that. Well I am ready to bolt out of there before someone spots us come on, lets go.
We cant leave a naked mannequin in the shop window, theyll definitely notice that someone has been here and stolen its clothing.
I am, quickly persuaded to help re-dress the mannequin in a Pocahontas outfit just to appease Alisons theory. Then a courting couple stroll past and stop right outside the shop front before relentlessly kissing the face off each other. Alison might bring her pizza back up if they go any further judging by her vacant stare. Indeed, I realise that she is pretending to be a mannequin so as not to be, found out. I on the other hand do not think they would notice if I stripped off naked to join the mannequin, whilst walking across to the other side of the window on my hands. Luckily, for us  a street cleaner disturbs the couple who scurry off down a darkened alley  probably to continue their lovemaking in peace. Only I shudder to think where since it is a bit nippy out there tonight. The mature man with the greying beard suddenly moves closer towards the window, seeing as something has obviously caught his eye. While I freeze in mid-motion of bending over to tie, the moccasins shoe laces onto the mannequins feet. The man suspiciously looks left then right before unzipping his pants to let out the beast within.
Then, he has the nerve to actually wee up and down the window with my derriere pressed against the other side. Well Ive seen it all now, as I practically receive a golden shower from the horrid man but I have to keep as still as possible while resisting the temptation to turn around and report him to the authorities. Mind you, they might view what we have done a little more harshly so I think it best to keep my mouth shut. Once he was safely out of sight, we carried on dressing the mannequin before departing back to our hotel with our ill-gotten gains.
Early the next morning, we roped Imogene in to help style the wig for us with masses of ringlets and Alison did my Goth makeup for me. I was soon dressed accordingly to look the part. As I was now Carrie Coyle, essentially, so it was time to play the diva. We rushed to the lift and down through the lobby with bags suspiciously held aloft to hide me, since we did not want anyone there to get the wrong idea that an actual star was in town and cause some sort of scene that we could well do without.
It would have to be raining wouldnt it seeing as I instructed my newly appointed PA, namely Alison to erect an umbrella whilst I scurry behind a chauffeur driven large black vehicle that luckily had just pulled up outside the entrance to the conference centre. I mean, how would it look for a superstar to show up having walked here from God knows where. So I open the door on the other side and climb in with Alison following behind me and all the while, Im profusely apologising to the shocked older businessman seated inside sorry to disturb you, but were just passing through.
We emerge into the excitable and rather fake loud screams of Imogene, who asks as she waves her camera phone in the air with glee can I get a photo with you?
Yes, of course you can, I reply, as my PA takes the shot.
I cant believe I have had my picture taken with Carrie Coyle of all people, shouts Imogene to the security men on the door. One of them grabs the handle to open it for me  while the other one uses his walkie-talkie to reach head office with the news that a superstar has just entered the building  since he clearly thinks that I am the real deal. It seems to be working for I am, ushered in past my own mug shot, which hangs behind the doorway for they do not seem to recognise me one iota. I tell them this is my PA named Alison and she goes everywhere with me. Meanwhile, Imogene uses her competition pass to gain entry too as she heads for the hairdressing section of the competition in a bid to set up early and get prepared well in advance.
We are, brought straight up to the managers plush office and he rather enthusiastically shakes my hand well this is a pleasure, to meet you in person I mean. I voted for you many, many times on that programme and I knew youd win hands down.
Yeah, thanks.
May I be so bold as to enquire into the nature of your surprise visit here? Not that its any of my business, but I do like to be able to protect my VIPs and make a fuss of them and who doesnt like that?
Well, Im supporting my friend. Shes appearing on stage later, as one of the models in the fantasy makeup competition, I blatantly lie, since I was of course referring to little old me. He knows of course that Carrie Coyle hails from the North West so the balding man does not question my accent or thankfully, presence me with further trivial conversation about it. The man still stands to attention and does not even sit down when I do for I can tell that his mind is ticking over for the free publicity that a visit by one, Carrie Coyle can bring to a venue like this is truly priceless.
He suddenly stops pacing the green speckled carpet and asks me outright while youre here, would you be willing to give out the prizes to the winners at the end of the day? Surely your fans would love to know that you have not let the newfound fame go to your head and are not too big to please the little people.
Ill have to call my manager first and ask if thats all right. You know I cant do anything these days without speaking to her first, I reply, while asking my assistant for help to find my mobile phone in the vast bag that she carries for me.
Im sure thats the case for most celebrities. Would you like a drink while we await your answer? The man in the green silk tie tightened his knot and practically licked his lips in joy when asking.
Oh, that would be most kind of you. I could die for a cup of tea right now, I said whilst scrolling through my mobile phone for the number to contact Brenda, inasmuch as, she did say that I could call her anytime if I needed to talk.
Only it is not so much a chat I need as I whisper into the phone my predicament, while the manager leaves the room to give me some privacy and no doubt get someone to fetch my tea. I cannot believe it when Brenda decides to come to my aid, but as she has nothing better to do having just visited her mother in the nursing home, which is just up the road. Brenda informs me to be honest, since my retirement Ive been quite bored and this is just what I need right now to perk up my day. Who am I to argue with one of the best agents to have ever worked in show business, or so she tells me.



Chapter 10


I slowly finish off my third; china cup of mint tea as the manager nervously sits there switching his attention from staring at the door to grinning at me. So I grin back with closed lips seeing as Ive gotten used to not showing my teeth off and practice does make perfect (if not the smile itself). He then looks at his watch again and I too am beginning to think that maybe Brenda is not coming after all. As I ask politely, may I smoke in this office? Im gasping for a cigarette. My teeth are bearing the signs of a heavy smoker after all, so it should be apparent that I need my nicotine fix since theyre still utterly greenish to say the least, but I do hope he doesnt notice as its hardly a celebrity shinning smile to be proud of that I possess.
He looks up at the smoke detector above his head and tells me indeed you can, but would you do it over by the open window if you dont mind. This just goes to show that it is one rule for the famous people and the rest of us can usually go take a flying leap if we want to go against the regulations. Smoking is, certainly banned indoors here, just as the signs all over the place clearly remind you of a serious penalty if caught out and caught short with said fag.
This scenario finds me standing by the draughty open window as requested and trying my best to blow the plumes of smokes out through it. While the manager stands on his antique oak desk with the green leather top, on which he is busy wafting away any hint of pollution that might head toward the smoke detector using a yellow manila file. All of a sudden, the phone on his desk makes us all jump as it bursts into life and the manager hastily grabs his walkie-talkie before switching it to on, only to hear his security man expressing Brenda, Brenda . . . Brenda is here.
I nod at the boss of this establishment and let him know shes my manager, so its all right to allow her access.
And the Events manager (to give him his full title) agrees with me, but the security guy replies she didnt hang around waiting for the go-ahead, shes already making her way to the head office. I watch in awe as the ever-confident Brenda barges her way in pushing the outstretched arm of the secretary aside and the manager races over to shake her hand the way he did mine, but Brenda does not respond. She pounces right past him to make her way towards me instead.
Brenda looks me up and down with a sly wink before putting her heavy briefcase on the desk with a thud. I wonder what she has in there because it sounds like it could be a weapon of some description to me. The manager dabs his sweating brow with a handkerchief from the breast pocket of his dark grey suit. He states his case to Brenda, who then says Ive been in this business far too long to fall for any shit and I know that you know what it means to have a star like Carrie Coyle grace your venue so lets not waste anymore time talking crap and by the way, you have to sign the confidentiality agreement.
He then wonders is this indeed a yes to my request then for Carrie Coyle to give out the prizes? And also be photographed by the gathering press? No doubt, he intends to contact them the minute we are out of his office. He might even get a promotion out of this if it goes national, global even on the internet. Brenda then whips out a contract for him to sign, to which he starts reading carefully.
Brenda takes the hump and says aloud OK, if thats the way you want to play it. Carrie Coyle is leaving right now since you are proving to be untrustworthy. If you dont trust me, then you cant be trusted as it takes one to know one.
We all look at each other in confusion as she whips the contract out of his hand to shove it back into her large leather briefcase. He panics at the thought of losing Carrie Coyle from his greedy grasp, so he signs it without even looking at it any further. Job done thought all, while Brenda and I were led away to the hospitality suites on the top floor. Alison (my pretend PA) had been, sent on an errand by me as her excuse to escape. One of the burley security guards stood fast outside the door to make sure no one else entered or left without permission.
We were to wait here until the judging was over, then it could not be deemed that I had biased the judges in any way towards my friends favour. This suited me just fine for it gave me a chance to become me again and do what I came here for. The plush suite was, filled with yummy things to eat and drink and plenty of alcohol. There were comfortable daybeds for a nap and lit aromatherapy candles, while fresh flowers stood proud next to vibrating massage chairs. A bathroom to die for filled with luxury products galore and the massive telly and computer tablet were thrown into the mix  along with current magazines not to mention a small library of bestselling books and DVDs  Christ I didnt want to leave but needs must as I was imagining what it was like to be a real star.
So with that little fantasy out of the way, I nipped out onto the covered balcony where I was told that I could smoke to my hearts content seeing as they had a chaise lounge outside for even more indulgence with an ornate box on a small table which contained cigarettes or cigars, it was my choice. Now I really did not want to go and perform on stage and I could have happily stayed there all day, no strike that, I wanted to move in and make this place my new home. For I have made a commitment to Alison so I will see it through. So I nicked as many ciggies as I could and shoved them in my bag without breaking them, whilst I steadfastly climbed onto the balcony wall. I clung on for dear life as I wobbled about a bit.
And I prayed to God that no-one saw me from down below since I could just see the headlines now, CARRIE COYLE GOES OVER THE BOIL with a subheading which stated that she cant handle the fame and tries to commit suicide. My long black lace skirt is bellowing in the breeze and I could not have drawn more attention to myself from the passersby underneath me if I fell right in front of them, no, on top of them. As I hastily pull off my wig to reveal that I am, indeed nobody they would be interested in and I swear I actually heard someone shout jump. Id always wondered if they really mean it or are they just joking around and if someone did land on the ground in front of them in a smashed up heap of body parts, would they still find it as amusing? I think not. I thought it was just one idiot being cruel but then, the pack mentality made a group of others join in with the chant as well. I hate stupid people who think it is funny to encourage others less mentally stable to hurt themselves for their entertainment. It would serve them right if I did slip and fall to my death, then they would have to live with that for the rest of their lives. Hold on, what am I saying? I am not going anywhere but where I intended and this lot will have to find someone else to enlighten their dull little existence, as I give them the finger instead.
I have managed to scramble over to the next balcony  where that same unfortunate old man from the big car was resting for he must be someone special  judging by the hospitality suite that he got the use of too. The executive just glanced at me before rolling over on the daybed and going back to his nap. I made my way towards the door and then, I sent a text message to Brenda so she knew it was time to open our door and keep the security guard busy whilst I made my secret getaway down the same hallway.
I jump into the lift and scrub my face clean of all the Goth makeup using some wipes that I had in my bag. The long black painted false fingernails just pulled off, thankfully without much fuss. Well I soon headed down to the Green Hall where the contestants were, housed whilst they got ready for their big entrance. The wooden floor had, been covered in clear plastic sheeting that prevented any stains from ruining it, which came from the spray painted makeup. I soon spotted Alison looking nervous whilst waiting for me to show up, as they were about to start. Everything was, laid out perfectly and ready for the two-hour stint that lay ahead.
It was Alisons time to shine in the spotlight. When I look across at Janine on her station as she is busily, spray-painting her model the bright colours of flaming fire that will burn you if you get too close. I think it is very fitting of her to use her personality in her art. I look down at my sludgy brown boring legs and wonder if this is any reflection on my particular traits, I hope not. Then I order Alison you need to calm down, your hand is shaking with nerves and you might make mistakes that way. She takes a deep breath and holds the spray-paint gun before firing it at me. The three judges all wander around, while watching us carefully and making notes on their clipboards.
I am a bit peeved to notice that a certain male judge is still around. As I hope, he will not recognise me from the time I ruined a perfectly good Armani suit of his and it ends up spoiling Alisons chances in the trainee Fantasy Makeup competition. He looks my way and I insist that Alison do my face next, seeing as it will hopefully be some sort of disguise. This is the bit that I am dreading since I do not like the eyes being glued shut, while she carefully paints my lids with the little delicate cherry buds. I should have had a cigarette before all this started, but there clearly was not enough time.
Alison is finally finished and I have just about had enough of all this already, never mind parading around the stage with a load of heavy cherry blossom fake branches attached to my now throbbing head. I knew that wretched hangover would catch up with me eventually and make me pay big style. Alison nips off to the loo with more nerves and I foolishly enlist Janines arm to lead me out of here. I can take a shifty smoke while nobody is looking, or at least that is what she tells me for I cannot see a bloody thing remember. I leave the rest of my branches and head dress safely covered over in the plastic sheeting for protection, since I do not want to lose any of the precious pink petals until the right moment when I will move gracefully in the pretend wind and sprinkle a plethora of them all around me. This then finds me hopping and taking baby steps as fast as I can muster bearing in mind that my legs are, strapped together with masking tape. And Janine said to me this is a special room for smokers but its only small, so Ill leave you to it and just tap on the door when youre done. She forcibly shoved me in it, a bit too roughly I had thought. While I was just glad of the chance to light up and I have had that much practice over the years, I do not need to be able to see to do that. In addition, I could not sit down in this getup even if I had wanted too, so I just stood still behind the fireproof door so as not to damage my paintwork.
The rest of the contestants meanwhile were busy making their way to the lifts and up to the Grand Hall this time, where the stage is awaiting the presence of all the finalists. I was immediately noticeable by my absence, seeing as Alison stood by the sidelines and waited for me to show up so she could take the headdress and branches out of the plastic sheeting to place onto my upper body because I really should be centre stage and being, judged by now. The next minute all the alarms in the building went off and unbeknownst to me, the sprinkler system had come into full force. I had wondered what had caused all the fuss as I heard people rushing past the closed door screaming and shouting. When I went to open it but it was stuck fast, as I had thought I heard the click of a lock when Janine left me. I felt about the room and discovered some mops poking out of buckets, along with shelves scattered with what I presume to be cleaning products. I soon realised I was only stuck in the janitors closet of all places, thanks to the evil Janine for tricking me and I should have known not to trust her, especially, when shes being nice as she doesnt do nice.
It seemed to take a lifetime as I waited for someone to open the door while I nervously puffed away on my cigarettes, whilst calling out for help every now and then. At last, I heard the door opening so I smiled with much relief that someone was finally rescuing me whilst my glow-in-the-dark teeth shone out like a beacon into the darkness that guided us along the hallway with its sodden carpet. It soon became apparent that my smoking had triggered the alarms and set off the sprinklers. I was ashamed of myself for ruining the contest, just as a wet Alison came up to me and explained that they had all, been evacuated out of the building as a safety precaution. It was too late to stop them from getting a soaking on the stage and now every other entry was ruined, by the water apart from mine of course which was bone dry.
I was also surprised to hear Alison tell me even Carrie Coyle was evacuated too as they made sure there was no actual fire to tackle.
But how could that be? When we both know that I was locked in a cupboard.
Was it Janine, who put you in there?
Who else would it be? She will do anything to win. Saying that, so will we and I want to know who was being the megastar in my place?
Brenda became Carrie Coyle, replied Alison.
Apparently  when the security guard had knocked on the door to evacuate them  Brenda had informed him that Carrie Coyle would be right out as she was just getting dressed while she appeared to leave the room altogether in order to head down the emergency stairs. In reality, Brenda had nipped into that old mans room and climbed across the balcony (I swear that woman is slowly turning into my hero) and back into our suite where she donned the blonde wig and large glasses, whilst shielding the rest of her face with the scarf from around her neck. Brenda already had on the long black coat and high heel boots, which hid her normal looking clothes underneath.
Where is she now? I cannot see, remember. As Alison spun me around and we both give a discreet wave to Carrie Coyle (being Brenda) across the way as she was, surrounded by burly security men.
Then Alison fretted I guess this means that the contest will be cancelled now and Ill never get to know if I even had a chance of winning it. It was at this moment that I heard the Events managers voice order everyone to resume his or her places on the stage, now that it had been, wiped down of all the water. It seems that the competition was going ahead as usual and I figure, that is because he has a megastar waiting patiently to hand out the prizes to the winners. Not to mention press operators and media people waiting for their exclusives. So Alison led me back inside and popped my dry head dress on along with my branches and when my piece of serene music played out, I swayed gently and sprinkled some petals as gracefully as I could in time with the classical tune.
Seeing as everyone elses makeup had run terribly or in fact, nearly washed off all together because of the dousing. I was, deemed the winner because I looked the best and no one could argue with that. I was very proud of Alison and she was of me for pulling this off against all the odds, as we jumped around in glee at not only winning the competition but also beating Janine to boot. By now, all I had to do was somehow get back up to the hospitality suite to resume the persona of Carrie Coyle. Because the prize-giving event is being, held right after the trainee hairdressing competition was finished up with the judging on the very same stage, which was a hell of a lot easier said than done.



Chapter 11


In the end, I enlist the fire fighters help to hose me down for they had nothing better to do since there was no actual fire to tackle and since I was practically naked, they seemed rather enthusiastic to do it. Mind you, the powerful jet nearly removed my skin too for I had foolishly staggered forward into the gushing blast of water instead of backwards and away from it. Honestly, it was the quickest way I knew to get rid of the sprayed on makeup and now having removed the eyelash glue from my lids, I can finally see again just as Alison drapes a towel around me to prevent further leering from the men in uniform and that includes the staff members.
I cannot make it up to the hospitality suite fast enough for I have to put on the, whole Carrie Coyle disguise in time for the big finale or I will be, truly busted. As I contact Brenda to keep the guard busy while, I knock on the door of the suite next-door. The old man answers and says not another fire drill.
No, no Im here to inspect your balcony for safety. Its my job you see and I also intend to check next doors as well. This is my way of explaining my sudden disappearing act.
Oh, youd better come in then, he replies and steps aside to let me pass. As I barge into the room past him, I find that he is not alone for a meeting is in progress with none other than bicycle bloke, or should I say Simon Shaw now that I know his name.
Meanwhile my face is, recognised by Simon as I smile smugly at him for he probably thought that I was safely, banned from the premises whilst I make my way over to the balcony. I pretend to check the safety by bouncing up and down a couple of times while reporting into my switched off mobile yeah, its perfectly fine. It does not move and I pronounce it safe to step out on to. Simon and the old man just look bemused by my actions as I then climb over onto the next balcony.
Where I am greeted by Brenda what took you so long?
Dont ask, I reply and light up a cigarette in order to puff away on it while we wait for Alison. She was able to gain access the normal way seeing as the security man recognised her as my PA, well, she grabbed the makeup bag and off we go again with the gothic, Carrie Coyle look.
You need to sit still or youll have black cheeks instead of black eyes, says Allison as I suddenly bend down to straighten my lacy hem with nerves. Once more, I am feeling rather uncomfortable at pretending to be someone else. Especially, when I know that the press will be waiting for me/her to make a grand entrance into the foyer any minute now.
How exactly are we going to get out of this one? I ask Brenda, who smiles one of her wide grins at me for she has a plan.
Oh dont worry, my dear. Just leave it up to me to sort out that little problem, Im used to handling this type of stuff, replied Brenda as she calmly carries on browsing through a celebrity magazine and reminiscing to herself about the good old days.
I cant believe I won and its all down to you. How will I ever thank you for ruining the event? Alison asked, while applying the finishing touches to my makeup and adjusting the wig for it was on at a lopsided angle in my haste to don it as quickly as possible.
Err, I do not know. But you can be sure that Ill call that favour in one day, I answer whilst drifting off to another place in my thoughts.
Then Alison left us to return to the audience of the trainee hairdressing competition, where she would cheer on Imogene as she did her thing. I meanwhile, along with Brenda and the ever-present security guard made our way back to the managers office. On the way, we noticed a gathering press pack waiting to snap a shot of the latest star to board their celebrity bandwagon. I looked across at Brenda with a nervous smile, as I just wanted to get out of here quickly. Brenda makes a beeline for the manager, who is sat behind his desk and rubbing his hands together whilst literally beaming from ear to ear.
Whats with the media circus downstairs? Or do I have to remind you of your signed contract with my client for a private, prize giving agreement only, said Brenda in that commanding voice of hers.
But I cant send them away now; I will just look a fool who has made the whole thing up, replied the manager, who had started to dab his sweating brow with the end of his green tie.
Right, well if you refuse to abide by the rules then Im afraid my client is under no obligation to stick around for your little event. Come on, Karen were out of here as of now, demands Brenda, while fishing out the contract to flash before the manager eyes that were blinking madly in disbelief and shock.
Whos Karen? He asks while looking to me for an explanation as I shrug my shoulders by way of stressing that I do not have a clue.
Oh . . . I have that many clients to cater for these days that I tend to get their names mixed up sometimes, but that doesnt alter the fact that were leaving. Good day sir, says Brenda whilst grabbing me by the arm to lead me away in double quick time.
The poor manager just sits back down in his chair where he buries his head in his hands. And I feel a bit sorry for him since he doesnt know that this was all a sham to get me into the building in the first place. We make our way back to the lift, which leads to the underground car park where Brenda has housed her vehicle. I decide in a moment of madness to wave to the press  who suddenly scramble to attain a picture of me or rather  Carrie Coyle. Then it gets a bit scary as they hurdle towards us and knock over each other in the process. We hurriedly dash for the lift where we just about make it in time as the door closes behind us. God, I would hate to be famous and have that lot hunting me like a pack of vampires ready to suck my blood dry. It must feel like you are dying a slow death sometimes and losing a piece of your real self every time you give the public what they want. Its a trade off that I wouldnt want  no matter what the advantages are and Ill never understand why everyone wants to be a star these days  because I dont thats for sure.
We are finally alone as I grab the makeup cleansing wipes, whilst whipping off the wig to return to being just plain old boring Amber Greene. I cannot thank Brenda enough for getting me out of that one and she tells me huh, it was fun to be back in the game so to speak. We part ways as I make my way around the corner to the hotel next-door and Brenda makes her way home. I think I deserve a nice long soak in the tub and a glass of wine to soothe away the strains of the day. And I cant wait to try out the thick Cuban cigars that Id nicked from the hospitality suite because Ive never had one before and if I dont like them then Ill give them as tips to the staff here at the hotel.
Alison returns to our room with her trophy tightly clutched in her hands and the cigar stench frankly reminds me of boiled cabbage. To be honest, it made me feel sick after two puffs so I guess I will be handing them out after all. She informs me Imogene beat off the competition to become triumphant in her round too.
Well thats brilliant news. How did we get on in the other contest?
And to top it all, we won the prestigious best salon award for our region. Thatll please Mr Nash no end.
It sure will. Hes never quite managed to acquire that particular feather to his bow before now and perhaps this means that well be in for a pay rise too, but I wouldnt take out that mortgage just yet.
So we are off out for dinner to celebrate our success while one or two might be drowning their sorrows, I thinking Janine of course when I mention this. As I put on my brand-new expensive dress for the special occasion that I hope will be more than a cheap pizzeria this time. Mr Nash has pulled out, all the stops seeing as we are seated in a posh restaurant that is clearly too good for the likes of us lot. Well I am glad to report that we were on our best behaviour as the metal cloches were, removed by the waiting staff all at once to surprise us with our beautifully presented grub whilst we copied Mr Nash and ate our asparagus starters with our fingers and not with our forks. Mind you, he did not find it funny when I had picked up my baby sweet corn from my main course and ate it just as if you would with a normal sized one for a laugh. (I once saw someone in a movie do it and I had found it amusing, so I blatantly robbed that scene in a bid to be entertaining.)
Overall, the dinner went well but it was time to get off to bed for we had to be up first light in the morning and then back to work. I on the other hand was certainly up for having a little fun  because I do not feel like we really did the celebration any justice by having a simple meal  all right be it a fancy one when surely a full-blown party was called for. As I intended to get drunk courtesy of our mini bar, which I was confident that I would single-handedly clear out for Alison still does not drink. In the end, I had lined up the open champagne bottles and various other miniatures but after only one shot, I felt so ill that I decided to call it an early night after all. And I dont know whats gotten into me lately but Im not able to hold my liquor like I used to, specifically, as I find myself disposing of the stuff down the basin rather than my neck for even the smell of it was getting to me.
It was then that I decided in my bored state to swap the breakfast menu cards that hung from peoples doors, seeing as I had scribbled out the hotel numbers and replaced them with other ones. They were sure in for a surprise in the morning as, was I when I had received muesli for my breakfast and not the full English I had ordered for I must have mistakenly swapped my own one too. I hate muesli; it reminds me of sawdust with shavings of wood and rabbit dropping thrown in for good measure not nourishment. Alison ate mine too since she actually likes the stuff, that girl is far too healthy for her own good sometimes. I warn her you know what? You might live to grow old at this rate and we all know what secretly goes on in those care homes.
But I want to live a long life, dont you?
Nah, I am all for living fast, dying young me, I reply and putting my cigarettes in my bag as if to enforce this point home.
How young exactly, are we talking here?
Well I was thinking that I would quite like to check out round about seventyish or thereabouts, but only as long as I still have my health mind.
But thats classed as old.
I know it is technically because you get a bus pass and free telly license and heating allowance and everything else but like I said, if I were you . . . Id live a little before that happens. Because itll be too late once theyve got you drugged up to the eyeballs and strapped to a bed thats soaked in your own faeces with painful sores the size of grapefruits eating into your flesh. I give out a shudder to get my horror across to her.
My Nan lived to ninety-five and she had a very happy stay in her care home, with lots of friends and family to visit so why shouldnt I do the same? You always look on the dark side of everything.
Thats because Im a realist and Ill tell you now. I do not want to get that old. In fact, thinking about it some more I may even bow out before Im sixty having seen those lot down the bowls club if thats what Ive got to look forward to.
Immature people always say that but then they grow-up, settle down, raise a family and hey presto, they have something worth sticking around for. I quite forgot that I was the elder person here and not the other way around all of a sudden.
Well you can count me out. I intend to stay young at heart and never get tied down so make of that what you will. I just want to have a good time in life.
For I take out the last bar of chocolate and packet of nuts from the mini fridge and heartedly devour it in one sitting, since thats my breakfast sorted. But by then, Im wondering how Im going to pay for the extortionate bar bill that Im sure to receive once checking out of this establishment. It comes to me in an instant as I sip from my cup of frothy coffee. I will swap that just like I swapped the breakfast menu cards  for Id noticed that Janine has a room across the hall from us and she must be going down to the dining hall for breakfast  because she didnt leave out a card for room service. I wait until the house cleaner turns up with her cart and while she cleans the messy bathroom. I enlist Alison and Imogene to help me silently carry the small but mightily heavy fridge across the hallway and into Janines room in order to swap it with her even heavier one that is still full.
I cannot believe we were not, caught out seeing as I had a sudden coughing fit that lasted like a whole, minute long until I had grabbed a bottle of water and downed it. The house cleaner had just carried on as if nothing happened whilst I wondered if maybe she was deaf but no, just wired for sound if the telltale ear buds are anything to go by. We finished packing and made our way down to reception, where we checked out quick smart before anyone got suspicious of my guilty face that stared at the young woman behind the high desk. Alison meanwhile, was looking around like a nervous child that had just broken a window with a ball. Would she blame me for it?
While Alison then watched our bags and waited for the others in the lobby, I took this time to take the black plastic bin bag full of Goth gear back to the fancy-dress shop. I left a donation of 50 (my winnings from the karaoke contest) in an envelope, which I had shoved through the letterbox for the hire of the outfit and wig that I had deposited onto the doorstep since the place was not open for business yet. So I made my way back towards our hotel and whilst passing the newsagents, I spot my picture on the front cover of the newspapers or rather me being Carrie Coyle. I am beginning to think that I should have stayed incognito as the headlines question how Carrie Coyle can be down south in The Safe House rehab centre if she is in Blackpool at the same time. (This is the place where all the celebs go to for addiction, depression and all other stress related ailments known to man.) Carrie is being, treated for mental exhaustion so she could not possibly be attending a conference centre, could she. I do hope that I have not opened a can, of worms here and caused the real Carrie any more anxiety than she is obviously feeling already. I did not intend to hurt anybody fragile like her with this charade.
Well I am just glad that that is not my life, as I rather like being a private person and not having to answer to the world about my every move. So when I get back to the lobby, I find that Mr Nash is having a right go at Janine for shes refusing to pay for the mini bar bill that she claims but I didnt use it because I know how expensive it is. Even though I knew that karma is going to make me somehow pay for all this while I just sit back and enjoy the show as Janine is threatened with the sack if we do not get a move on and board our coach immediately. I guess she did not have much choice in the matter when the plastic comes out at last to settle the charge.
I make a loud comment to everyone well I never knew that Janine was such a secret drinker, did you? But I guess the proof is written in print. I point at the slip in her hand so she cannot deny it. This I can tell by her face has Janine fuming on the inside and she does not like it one little bit to be on the other end of humiliation. And I feel a definite sense of triumph over the younger woman, which stresses the fact that she only got what she finally deserved and that one was for what she did to my old trainee Vicky by putting her off a career in beauty altogether. It was not long before the house cleaner went past with a cigar in her top pocket and struggling to push her heavy trolley laden down with all the rubbish and mini bottles from our room on board. I forgot about that and it is a good job we are not, rumbled for Janine hardly had anything in her bin. Phew, got away with that one by the skin of our teeth (green or not if we are talking about mine which I am still not showing to anyone if I can help it).



Chapter 12


Having offered to mind Charlie on one of my holiday days off from work (dont ask me why because I dont know the answer and I must have been temporarily insane and devoid of all senses) but it gives Kims mum a break since shes still on babysitting duty until the local nursery has space for one more little one. Kim meanwhile is really enjoying the trial and tribulations of being back in the workplace and although she loves being a mother to her young son  nothing beats independence and having some respect for yourself as a woman first and foremost when it comes to financially supporting your child  or so she tells me. Personally I dont get it, if I didnt have to work then I wouldnt and if I came from a wealthy background or failing that, had a wealthy baby daddy whos willing to foot the bill then why bother with all the stress/hassle. Noting the added guilt, that being away from your offspring clearly brings to Kim. Life to me should be about the fun stuff and if you do not enjoy it and you do not have to participate then do not as far as I am concerned. Did I mention that I suffer from lazyitis? Put into other words, cant-be-arsed syndrome. Of course, I hate this part about me. I would dearly love to have even a fraction of Charlies enthusiasm and energy for everything and anything that crosses his path.
No matter how hard I try to enjoy the company of a minor, I would rather be anywhere else right now because he has me tapping the muddy ground in a flowerbed in the garden with a purple plastic trowel and pouring water from a yellow plastic watering can. It was, supposed to sprinkle but having lost the end bit, it just gushes out which only turns the soil to more mush and I am getting dirtier by the minute. Charlie is thrilled with my efforts when several worms pop their slimy heads above ground and we pick them up (note here, that he uses his fingers and I dig them out with the green plastic fork) in order to put them into our mud pies that we made from, well, mud to be obvious.
The worms to Charlie represent skinny sausages (remind me never to eat in his restaurant if he grows up to be a chef). And the pies also include such delights inside them as grass, various leaves, berries and twigs but to make them a bit more culinary they have a wild bouquet-garni of sorts which Id scrambled together from the old vegetable patch but no veggies Im afraid were to be found. Along with some stinging nettles and wet-the-bed weeds, which I hope do not really have that kind of effect on my young companion. Because he only has a pair of underpants on and he has been so, good at going to the toilet lately that I do not want him to have an accident and get all het up about it. While our mud pies bake in the midday sun (I know, mad dogs and English men and us two, right) well I soon have Charlie collecting Daisies so that I can make a chain for him to wear. Once I have finished putting it together and he seems a little impatient at the thought of looking like a flower child when he grabs at it and breaks it in one tug. Oh look what you have done, silly bugger. Ill have to start again and itll take longer to finish now.
I want it. He stamps his feet and I know where this is heading.
Of course you do, sweetheart but I have to make it before you can wear it, I reply. While I carry on as fast as my fingers will go before a full blown tantrum breaks out and it might not necessarily be Kims son that has one, when I drop the line and a couple of the Daisies fall to the ground, again.
Give me . . . I do it, silly bugger, he says and his little fingers are wriggling about off the end of his outstretched palm.
Do you want to know how to find out if you truly love butter? I said by way of causing a distraction at not only what I was doing but saying, for I do hope he doesnt insist on using that term in front of his parents since Id forgotten that kids are like little sponges that soak up everything around them including all our actions and words.
Yep, sure do partner, he replies and I think he is watching far too much TV because he is keen on picking up the slang words and terminology. I must remember to mention this to Kim when she gets in from work.
Well then, youll have to go and find a yellow Buttercup flower for me. I spotted a group of them by the flowerbed. Go on, off you go and dont come back until youve got one, I say and that should buy me some time because I did not exactly say which flowerbed (I know, mean to the core that is me).
Is this one? he asks from the far end of the garden and holds up a Dandelion, which of course is also nicknamed a wet the bed flower and I realise that he doesnt know what Im talking about so hopefully theres enough yellow flowers in this garden to keep him hunting for a while longer. At least until I get this damn Daisy chain finished as I observe him approaching a lemon Cowslip. I shake my head to tell him that that is not it as he nearly rips the whole plant up when he yanks at it hard. If he carries on, Kim might well come back to a rapidly balding garden when Charlie tears off the heads of some yellow coloured Pansies. And then Marigolds before heading for the Black Eyed Susans (Rudbeckia Hirta and I only know this because Id looked it up once for a client in work whod wanted to know what the proper name was for this particular flowering plant). I had better help Charlie out here or I will be in trouble if I allow him to keep on searching all by his lonesome self.
Look, Charlie. Over there, those little ones in the grass by the swing. He races over and instead of concentrating on what he should be; the little man is, distracted by a Bumblebee that flies past his shoulder and lands on a nearby plant.
Honeybee, he says and lifts his hand up as I think that hes about to try and grab it, which only goes and reminds me of that horribly sickly sweet cereal and I feel nauseous all of a sudden.
Dont touch it, itll sting you. Just look at it, I say as Charlie does as hes told for once before he plucks a handful of yellow flowers to bring back to me.
Butter Daises, he insists and I do not have the heart to correct him, but at least he has the good sense not to try to eat them in order to find out if they actually taste of the dairy product.
Right, lift your chin up and Ill check whether you really are a buttery kind of person. He does as requested and I hold the little stem up to the skin of his neck and tickle him with the open flower head. Charlie chuckles and I adore hearing him do this as it sounds so dramatic and no longer frightens the living daylights out of me as it used to. Which in turn, I do to him again before doing it properly and then I instruct him to do the same thing to me. This was something that my dad did with me whenever we came across some Buttercups on our days out for picnics in the countryside. He probably still would if I let him  but what I really wanted was my mother to do it just once so I could have that memory or any recollection in time that I recall being with her  only she was long gone by then.
I do it, silly bugger, he insisted and I must figure out how to stop him saying that.
Yes thats right, just look at my throat and you can see the yellow colour and thats the sign that I love butter too. Charlie only had to look at my thighs to figure that out I think to myself, seeing as I have put on a bit of weight recently. He does genuinely seem fascinated and it does not take a lot to entertain a child of his age, but I would hate to think what it would be like if he was any older. For once, they have lost that innocent wonder at the world and become to understand what it is to be bored then God help Kim is all I want to say to that. Of course, we had to do the obligatory other thing that my dad was fond of and that is finding a four leafed Clover. In all my years of searching with the old man  we found zilch but today with hardly any effort  I discover one near enough straight off the bat. I cannot believe my luck and it does strangely make you feel actually lucky. How crazy is that?
Charlie is eagerly adorned with his Daisy chain, necklace and seemed very pleased with my efforts. And I feel proud too that I had the patience to actually finish what Id started because there were a few moments there when I almost gave up, only that would have thoroughly disappointed my charge so I carried on to the bitter end. It is true what they say about wanting to make a child smile, there really is nothing like it on earth as far as nonmonetary rewards go. (Honestly if it is a tossup between the two, then give me the cold hard cash any day and I never said I was perfect only human, with all the faults included in this pack.) Our mud pies seem relatively hardened by now, so after slapping on some more sun cream to my bodily parts that are on show outside of my summer maxi-dress and in the process, spraying a mist of protection at Charlie as he wriggled about and protested against his plight to save his ass from skin cancer. We were ready for the tea party that was, laid out on the lawn complete with red and white check blanket and a tea set to match.
Not that this shindig included anything truly edible but there was water from the garden tap that came out of the hose so I hope thats drinkable and if not, Ill be in serious trouble by the end of today and needing medical attention. I want to please him I really do and join in with his game. Charlie goes and pours me another white plastic cup of tea (water to you and me) from the red plastic teapot and offers me a mud pie to accompany it. I hope he doesnt want me to actually bite into it because Ive probably already poisoned myself with the clear stuff, so I could very well bypass the hospital altogether at this rate and go straight to the morgue if Im not careful as I eye the water butt with much suspicion. Now I am not really a pie kind of girl without the gravy, mash and peas to go along with it. So I put it down on the red plastic plate and drink more water (tea) instead because frankly  I would rather take my chances with that and at least it does not taste that bad so it cannot be  right? Oh god, I am now having visions of me getting my stomach pumped or whatever they do to you when you have been, given something poisonous to digest.
Mr Teddy, eat, demands Charlie of his little furry friend that sits beside him with his own place setting and what looks suspiciously like a dead butterfly with the wings pulled off on his plate. Hold on, that is exactly what it is and I wonder when that happened because I thought I was watching him all the time, apart from concentrating on the daisy chain that is. I look at Charlie in a new light and if he produces a skinned cat next, then I am out of here quickly. Is that not how all serial killers start? Did I also mention that kids and their weirdo world of pretend  in which they live  positively scare me sometimes?
It is at this stage that I realise we are only playing and Charlie does not want me to literally, consume the stuff since its all pretend (duh). I only realise this because he makes out that he is drinking the drink, but not really. So I offer him a bite of my mud pie, little did I know at this point what that meant or I would not have bothered. For he opens his mouth and takes a big chomp with those sweet looking baby teeth of his (and in reality, they may as well belong to a horse for theyre that powerful and Id hate to be Kim and having to cope with those bearing down on you when breastfeeding). Thankfully, he did not bite the dirt of the pie but I could have done without the chunk out of my skin. Ow . . . that hurt, I shout whilst rubbing my sore patch and hoping that its not going to get infected because hes only gone and drawn blood (the little vampire and thats one of the nicer names that I called him in my head since Id swear that he did it on purpose).
Silly bugger, he said with a chuckle and I am glad one of us is amused by, my throbbing hand. I assume that he actually thinks it is my fault that I did not move my digits out of the way in time for him to take his pretend bite.
Are you all right over there? asks a mans voice from next-door and I look up to see him standing on something in order for him to be able to peer over the fence.
Charlie bit my finger, I reply whilst wondering where I have heard that saying before, as I wander over to show him my war wound.
Oh, thats looks like it could turn nasty if you dont get it seen to right away.
Yeah I should, shouldnt I? But I dont live here; Im staying with my friend and helping out with Charlie here so I dont even know if Kim has a plaster available for me to use never mind anything else.
Dont worry about that, Ive got a first aid kit in the pub shed if youd care to come round. You can sample a free drink, which I give out to all my new customers. Come on . . . bring the little one with you but I am afraid he will only, be allowed a soft drink on the house. I dont want to lose my license.
No of course you dont and to be honest, Id be grateful of the company. Kids arent really my thing; give me an adult over a teddy bear to talk to any day, I mumble half to myself and half to him.
Whatd you say?
I said, Ill be right over, I raised my voice in reply so he heard me loud and clear this time, as I grabbed Charlie plus Mr Teddy in a bid to get in that venue before last orders takes place. They are a bit funny around here about this pub-shed thing anyhow and I do not want to give them an excuse to spoil my fun if we have to close up shop early due to complaints from the other neighbours. They are probably just jealous that they were not, invited to join our private party. I almost forgot to mention that the proprietor is rather dishy so that surly helps to pull the punters in. I know it works for me and with him having no wedding ring on, well that definitely helps to take my mind off Adam (Adam who, again). I hear you cry along with me. Is it just me or is this dude really giving me the kind of attention, which screams out that he fancies getting to know me better too.
So anyway, there I am sitting on this chrome and red leather plush barstool and engaging in a conversation with this handsome bloke behind the bar whats your name by the way? Or do you want me to just call you, Landlord?
You can call me, Ishmael if you want, he replies and hands Charlie a packet of cheese and onion crisps to go with his orange juice. (It is much tastier than our earlier menu at the tea party I am sure.)
Youre joking, right? Thats that stupid name from that whale movie.
Im not messing, its for real . . . my parents were big fans of the book Moby Dick and I ended up with the name. They met in a reading group and bonded over the text I guess so its kind of special to them.
It could have been worse I suppose. You could have been named after the full title instead and its a good job youre not fat, I say and give him my brightest smile I can muster these days, seeing as my teeth are finally back to normal.
Whats your name then? I know little Charlie here and his mum Kim but friends of a friend are another matter altogether.
Oh Im, Amber Greene and you thought you had a name that kids in school could take the piss out of. My nickname was, Two-Tone so welcome to the club.
Ill drink to that, he says and raises a glass to clink with mine before we both knock back the booze.
Speaking of old black and white movies . . . line them up again Sam, I say, having watched several with my dad over the years. He told me that my mum used to love the old romantic films and they would watch them together.
I do believe that the quote was along the lines of, play it again or something like that. But I dont even know whether the guy was a bartender or piano player or both.
Yeah, who knows but lets drink to him anyway.
To . . . Sam whatever the profession you sure made an impression, said Ishmael and we once again knock back our shots.
So what is it that you do? Youre not a bartender, are you?
No, Im a musician/songwriter by trade and pretend pub owner by choice.
Charlie likes to pretend, so you two should get along just fine. I turn to check on Kims son, who is thankfully not burning ants with the mini magnifying glass that Ishmael gave him in a bid to keep him amused. That is probably only due to him not sitting by a door or window with any natural sunlight to cause an actual fire. Boys eh, they can be such a handful at times.
 Tell me about you, said Ishmael as he produces a packet of cigarettes and lighter from under the counter top.
Im a beauty therapist for a living and newly single. But by nature, I am a born pessimist so my glass is always half empty.
Well I can take a hint, he replies and fills my one up again before lighting a cigarette and asking do you smoke?
Is the pope catholic? I reply and help myself to one that he lights for me.
I like the fact that I can smoke in my own gaff.
Me too . . . so, have you written or sung anything that I might have heard of?
Im not much of a singer so I dont perform my own stuff, but I sell songs to other people and my biggest hit was called Im Dying 2 Love U. I do a lot of session work too just to pay the bills but hey, I enjoy it.
God I love that one. It is never off the radio. I am a bit of a fan to be honest but do not worry, I will not be hounding you to write me something. Well not until I know you better that is. I did not want him to know that that was mine and Adams song, because it is still a bit painful to talk about stuff like that.
How about you . . . do you get a buzz out of your job?
I wouldnt go that far but it has its moments and like everyone says, youre lucky to have employment these days so Id better hang on to it at all costs.
After my third drink, I was ready to party with this guy and sincerely wanting to obliterate Adam from my mind altogether (seeing as this felt a bit like cheating and I know thats ridiculous because weve split-up but I cant help the way I feel). Before I go and get all-maudlin on his ass about the ex-boyfriend to the point of actually crying into my beverage. Because believe me, it has happened on more than one occasion and it is not a pretty sight and can be known to scare off any potential boyfriends in the making. It has also been witnessed on account that I tend to drunk dial  so its a good job I dont have my mobile phone with me at this moment in time  since I can feel a session coming on once I get Charlie off my hands and back to his mother. Who knows, I might even ask Ishmael to join me? In the meantime, we will have to stop drinking and do something else to amuse and entertain us.
Does the lovely lady want another one for the road?
No thanks.
How about some nuts . . . I love them? he asks and chomps on several, whilst handing another bag of crisps to Charlie.
I do like them, but just not right now. I am bloated. Do you like Turkish Delight by any chance?
Yuck, no . . . hate the stuff, he replies and popping more nuts into his mouth one by one as he tries to show off by catching them between his teeth. A few missed and a few bounced off, but enough went in and I was impressed with the ratio to his level of skill.
Hey, does that old jukebox work or is it just for show? I ask him and slide off my stool in order to wander over towards it.
Yeah it does, Ill just plug it in and you can choose a song, replies Ishmael and bending down to do the honours. I must admit that I spied his backside when he did this and it is beyond cute, just like him.
You have a wide selection, so Im not sure what to pick.
Then allow me, he says and I move over to let him see the full choice on display.
How arrogant of you and I might have known you would pick your own song.
Well, you did say it was one of your favourites.
I didnt say that exactly. I said I was a fan, but I suppose it means the same thing.
Wont you join me on the dance floor? Id look silly dancing on my own.
Ill dance with you on one condition, only if you dont mention the word silly ever again. I lean over to put my cigarette in the ashtray.
Whys that?
Its just that Charlie keeps saying silly bugger and Im trying to make him stop so if he doesnt hear anything similar then it just might work.
Silly bugger, pipes up Charlie from the other side of the room and he must have ears like a microphone to pick it up because I had whispered that part.
OK, I promise. Now come and dance with me, he muses as Ishmael takes my hand and leads me out onto the centre of the wooden floor of the large shed pub building.
I swear this dude is hypnotizing me with his moves and manners because I cannot think of anything else when I am with him (probably the drink talking). Well I cannot wait to get him alone because I suddenly feel in need of being wanted and not rejected as Adam had done to me. We smooch around wrapped in each others arms in time with the slow love song for a while. Then his hand slips into mine and guess what, it fits me perfectly. The pleasure of holding hands is so underrated, because it sure means a lot to me and I can tell instantly if the dude in question is a good match by the way he goes about this simple task. Ishmael has the music on repeat and as soon as it ends, it starts up all over again so we carry on with our flirting and bonding and quite forgot not only the time, but the fact that Charlie was getting up to no good behind our backs. We very nearly became, so carried away when kissing in passion or desperation (one or the other or both) that we forgot ourselves for a moment. It was only the arrival of Kim that had stopped us in our smooching tracks, when she came storming through the back gate and the spell was broken and we were truly busted as being the worst kind of babysitters.
What are you doing? Youre supposed to be keeping an eye on Charlie and look at him, she shouts above the music as she grabs hold of her son and takes the bottle out of his hand. Ishmael races over to unplug the jukebox in a rush to silence it.
Oh my God I am so sorry, Kim. I wasnt watching him, I say and feel thoroughly guilty and so shitty at the thought of letting my friend down.
You can say that again. How much has he had? He looks a bit tipsy to me, she demands to know, whilst holding her child to her bosom as if we have injured him on purpose.
I dont have the answer to that, Im sorry, I reply and cannot apologise enough. Kim looks to my new friend for answers.
Im not sure, it was already open and weve had a few but I didnt measure them. I am sorry about this but no real harm is, done to him. Charlie looks all right and he will be fine, I promise.
How do you know that, you do not know anything . . . you do not even know how much you two have had to drink? Youre just scared of his father getting the law onto you, which is what hell do when he hears about this you can be sure of that, said Kim and she bounds out of there with Charlie, but leaves me to pick up Mr Teddy and follow her home.
I enter the house and hang my head in shame as shes on the phone to Adrian before I can stop her and hes coming right over so Id better make myself scarce if I dont want to be hung drawn and quartered by Charlies dad. I contemplate leaving the scene of my crimes against childhood and exposing the little dude to alcohol and second-hand smoke at such an early age. I thought about skunking off to Valeries place but perhaps, I should stay and face the music. God, that just reminds me of Ishmael and we were having a whale of a time (pun intended) only I honestly did not think that Charlie would be in any danger. I really am hateful and I deserve nothing more, than I get for this bad behaviour. In the end  that four-leafed cover actually turned out to be lucky for me  in that Adrian came over and did not blame me for what went down. After all, I was not the one who had left the open bottle within easy reach of little thieving fingers. So Kim was pleased in a way because it meant that now she could maybe get the joint closed down altogether, since she has to get up for work these days and she does not want to be living next to party central any longer.
Kim explained Amber was being seduced by my neighbour, who has a habit of trying to pick up single women when his wife is away.
Yeah . . . I remember you telling me that he tried it on with you when you first moved in here, says Adrian and grabbing his mobile phone to ring someone.
Wife, what do you mean . . . wife? He never mentioned a wife at any stage.
She works away a lot, flying all over the work as a flight attendant. But hes not going to tell you that silly, when hes trying to get you into bed.
Silly bugger, shouts Charlie and violently throwing Mr Teddy across the room, who would have known that the little guy would turn into such a nasty drunk.
Did he just say what I thought he said? asked Adrian and breaking away from his phone call.
Yes he did and I was meaning to have a word with you about that. He heard Ishmael say it and now he keeps repeating it and I dont know how to make him stop, do you? I lie so that should add fuel to the fire as far as getting Ishmael into trouble and its nothing more than he deserves (for thinking that he could hide a wife from me and not get any comeback on it). I will tell you what; I have gone right off men because they are all cheating dogs given half a chance and a vulnerable woman to shag. I told you before that I am better off single and maybe that is, the way I should stay for a while in a bid to find myself and all that other spiritual shit. Note to self, perhaps it will not work if you call it that in a disrespectful way.



Chapter 13


The second of my holiday days off work was, spent taking Charlie to the summer parade. I felt so rotten about what happened yesterday that I begged for another chance to prove myself of being capable of minding Kims child without him coming to any harm and this is it, the final frontier and voyage into the unknown (otherwise known as a day out). What can possibly go wrong? His parents could not take him because they are both working but not me and I intend for us to enjoy our time together. The sun is shining, the people are smiling and the music and food are fantastic and well worth another visit back to the Jerk Chicken stand once I have had time to digest the meal that I have just finished. Charlie is loving it too, all the costumes and brightly coloured stalls but I do have him firmly strapped into his buggy so theres no need to worry about him escaping my sights and getting into mischief today.
There is a man walking up and down the street with a huge set of fancy balloons attached to his tan leather belt and if he is not careful that occasional gust of wind might just pick up and do the same to him by making him, actually float off the ground. I stop the seller in his tracks and ask Charlie which one would you like? The man sweeps his hand over the ribbons and brings the selection down to meet Charlies gaze.
Honeybee, he replies and I look at the bunch but cannot see any kind of flying insect that fits that description on any of the shapes or faces that present themselves to us.
They do not have any honeybees, sweetheart. There is a cat, a dog or even a tiger. Yes, youd like a tiger wouldnt you? I express and thrusting the relevant balloons to the forefront of his vision and hoping to influence his choice so that this good man can be on his way and so can we.
Want honeybee, silly bugger . . . ah . . . ah . . . I get out, he shouts at us in frustration and tossing Mr Teddy out of the buggy with rage, whilst twisting and turning and thats just his body not to mention his head in the midst of a gigantic tantrum. And if I see any projectile vomiting or his head spinning completely around whilst covered in puss ridden boils then thats it, Im calling in a priest to exorcise him and I dont care what Kim says (or put another way, what she doesnt know, wont bother her).
Charlies often like this when he doesnt get his own way. He has probably, still got a bit of a hangover from the booze. Hell calm down in a minute if we just ignore him, I tell the balloon man who looks at me funny and its only then that I realise what Ive said and if Im not more savvy with my choice of words then Ill have social services calling around by the end of the day if I carry on.
Listen, lady . . . I cant wait around here for him to calm down. Looking at him, he might not and I have a living to make here so if youre not going to buy a balloon then Ill be off.
No wait, Ill have the tiger. He really does like tigers, one of his favourite books is about a tiger that comes over for tea and I must have read it a million times. And I know what youre thinking.
You do huh, whats that then?
That Im lying when I say a million and youd be right there, because it was actually more than a million and I bet I could recite it backwards if I really had to. I still do not get it but he loves it. It must be something only a kid can understand I guess.
Well that is kind of the point, lady. Besides, kids do not question things the way we do. Yeah, I read that one to my little girl and she loved it too, he says and leaves our company to try and sell more balloons to other customers, who are trying desperately to please a child as well so I look on with pity in my eyes as I relate to them.
Look, Charlie. It is a tiger and I will just tie it to your buggy in a nice big bow so it does not blow away. You dont want to lose it, do you?
I want honeybee, silly bugger, he shouts once more and this could get embarrassing if he does not stop soon.
Would you like some candyfloss? Theres a stall over there that sells it, I ask in a bid to take his mind off the honeybee, because surely every infant loves a pink cotton ball on a stick. I do not wait for his reply as I set about retrieving poor Mr Teddy from the gutter into which he was, flung on his ass. I know very well that colourful sugar is the last thing this kid needs to boost his mood to the point of overkill, but a bribe is a bribe and it usually works as far as children are concerned. This much I do know to be true, since I have seen it first hand on many an occasion before now.
I want honeybee, now, said Charlie yet again and if he says it one more time, I might just take that candyfloss and shove it in my ears so that I cannot hear him anymore. (I bought him a giant stick full of the stuff but he refuses to eat it because apparently, he knows more than I do as to what is good for him.)
Hold on, is that what you want? I ask and stop dead whilst I point to the stall that is literally, covered in honeybees and selling honey flavoured lollypops.
Give me honeybee lollipop, silly bugger. I do as instructed in a bid to aid peace and harmony so that it may be, restored to the world at large. Charlie even likes his tiger balloon (now there is a resounding result if ever I saw one) of which he keeps punching the ribbon to make it dance about in the air.
So while I force this candyfloss down my neck because I hate paying for food and then not eating it. After having taken two big bites out of it, I was, forced to dump it into the nearest bin before I felt too ill to carry on with our day out. Anyway, were here standing at the front of the crowd, having muscled our way through and its so much easier to do when peoples feet and ankles are being bruised in the process by the buggy as they hop out of the way and out of danger so readily. We are watching the parade go past, which has something of a carnival atmosphere about it. Once all the heavily decorated floats that carry a select amount of adults and children dressed in various costumes, go by one by one with each demanding a wave and a smile and a collection to aid some charity or other.
We are soon, subjected to another form of entertainment and that is the cheerleaders, the magicians, the acrobats and jugglers not to mention the dancers. (Its like a live talent show and I half expect Carrie Coyle to pop up any minute seeing as everyone tries to outdo one another and be the best act, only theres no grand prize apart from our approval in the form of clapping.) One troop in particular caught my eye. It was not the tight street dance crew or a young girls Morris dancing group. No, it was the mature women. Who waved the flags and danced about in time to their music that I could not take my eyes off for some reason. Something about the fact that those flag poles looked mighty heavy and those arms looked somewhat feeble, so I was just waiting for an accident to happen and thus I grabbed my camera phone out of my pocket just in case it did because I was sure to post it online.
I was not to be disappointed, that annoying wind had started up again out of nowhere. As the flags got either completely wrapped around the poles and would not open for want of trying to unravel them and the others were struggling to hold theirs open and continue with the correct dance moves, especially, when the flags were stuck to their faces and they couldnt see where they were going. Now I have heard of wardrobe malfunctions but never flags before. I had a good giggle about it all, I can tell you and it was the funniest thing I have seen in ages so it cheered me up no end. It was a bit of a shambles to be honest and I felt sorry for the women since they had probably practiced until their feet and hands bled, but who could have predicted the weather taking over the show and spoiling it. Their poor dance troop leader kept shouting at them to carry on regardless. I even recognised the glamorous woman in question  her names Rose and shes a regular client in the salon but not one of mine Im afraid  mores the pity for Ive heard from Paige that shes very generous with her tips.
Never mind, Rose . . . you guys did really well in circumstances beyond your control and I expect it wouldve been great had you not had to deal with the wind, I say to the troop leader as she passes me by in order to take a well-earned rest on the benches behind me with the rest of her dance group.
Do I know you? Have we met before? She enquires and trying desperately to place my face.
Yeah, at The Royal Treatment . . . Im one of the beauty therapists there, I reply. While I realise that most clients dont even notice what their own therapist looks like as they work on them, never mind someone theyve only passed by in the corridor on numerous occasions and it doesnt matter that theyre half naked when they do so (them I mean and not me obviously).
Were you the trainee, whod heated the wax up too much and it nearly scolded me for life?
No, that wasnt me. You are not one of my clients. It was probably Janine. Ill just repeat that name so you remember it was Janine . . . because you should really complain to the management and theyre sure to give you a free treatment by way of compensation. I love any chance to get that malicious mare into trouble because frankly, she would not think twice if it was the other way around. Petty I know. Only lately this is the way, I roll these days.
I might just do that, the next time Im in there. Anyhow, I need to sit down before my legs give way but it was nice to meet you. Have a fun day, bye. I smiled at her as she walked away to join the rest of her gang, who certainly looked ready for bed after all that hard work and who can blame them.
Oh well, lets move on and see what else we can find going on at this place eh, Charlie, I say and look down to find that I was talking to Mr Teddy instead for hes sitting right where his owner should be. I had completely forgotten that Kims son was a bit of an escape artist that had long since figured out how to unlock the clasp on the buckle (as I think back to the supermarket when I was under the impression that it was supposed to be childproof). I order myself not to panic and stay calm since kids wander off all the time and are then, found safe and well. As I suddenly do the opposite and scream out his name whilst having visions of Charlie being led away by the hand by some bloke called Peter File to put it nicely, because my real thoughts were a lot nastier and I dont want to think about that any longer since its just too horrible for words. I grab the buggy by the handle and zoom around the place, looking at the honeybee stall in case he has gone back for a second lolly. He had not but I take a moment to suss out the scene. Charlies balloon is gone too so perhaps, he undid the bow and it flew off in the wind while he chased after it. Yes, I am sure that is what has happened and I can only hope and pray that I am correct on this assumption and that I find him soon.
God, I cannot hate myself anymore than I do already so please do not make me suffer like this and point me in the right direction, I beg you. I will gladly take back my plea to win the lottery in favour of discovering the whereabouts of Charlie. Then as if by miracle, I spy his tiger balloon, which sees me sprinting over to the other side of the stalls and barging through the throngs of bodies as I do so with the buggy to where I am thoroughly distraught on seeing another child with the same tiger balloon. As I seem to recall that the seller did have quite a few of them and I could be here a while chasing the wrong ones.
I look up to the sky and demand that God give me a break or I will never speak to him again, ever. I know full well that you cant blackmail the good Lord or indeed  demand things from him since Id learnt that much in church whilst growing up and attending Sunday mass with my dad  but I was getting rather desperate. I will try anything at this stage, even taking on the almighty and the devil if it meant that I could find Charlie unharmed because I want nothing more for him no matter what he calls me. I probably am a silly bugger. I would gladly change my name by deed poll to that, if only I could bring Charlie back to Kim happy and healthy. It was whilst I was still looking skywards that I notice a tiger balloon floating upwards towards the heavens and surely, it would be too good to be true if Charlie had just let go of it and he was still standing right underneath where it had just come from.
I zoom over to the end of a long line and past the Jerk Chicken stall with its tantalizing smells and there he is. Oh thank God and I mean that literally because the big guy came through for me and I meant what I said, we had a deal and I know that I will never win the lottery now but I can live with that because I just have, in a way. But as far as the other bit goes  Im sorry but I told a barefaced lie  I cant possibly change my name to silly bugger so Ill have to forego a punishment on that one and I dread to think what that will be. Charlie meanwhile, is sat down and getting his face painted by some young teenager with all the proceeds going to a good cause. I cant think of one that deserves my money more as I pay for his painted on tiger mask and Im too ecstatic to have a go at him for making me age five years in the space of five minutes. Would, Mummy like hers done too? enquires the girl as I take him by the hand and Im about to decline her offer and try to explain that Im not his mother, mind you, look at the way theyd thought that Id snatched him back in that supermarket, so perhaps not.
Charlie butts in to answer for me get face painted, silly bugger.
Err, yes I would thanks, I say and not wanting Charlie to throw one of his by now legendary tantrums. I then notice a woman go past and she has a lovely butterfly on her face so I will not be the only grownup around here with childish pretentions and that makes me feel better about it.
Ive used up the last of the bright colours on your little one so Ive only got black and white left. I can either, do you a panda or a zebra. Which one do you want? The teenager asked me. She is sporting a lion design on her own features.
Ill have a panda please, I respond whilst thinking that the zebra would only remind me of Charlies absolute, favourite story book ever about the said animal and personally Im sick to death of it so a zebra is the last thing I want on my face.
I dare not let go of Charlies hand even though he is bored of waiting for me to get my face painted like a panda, but it was at his request I might add. It seems like only a week ago from when I was, smothered in body paints and now look at me doing something similar. Once again, it was not by choice but to, please other people. Meanwhile, Charlie keeps pulling on my outstretched hand in a bid to hurry me up so I promise him an ice cream if he will just stand still a little while longer. Anyway, the girl is soon done and I shove my money into her hand as she says but dont you, want to look at it first? Ill just get the mirror.
No, its all right. I am sure it is fine. We are going to get some ice creams and as you can see, he is rather eager to go and get it. Thanks, bye, I reply, turning away in order to strap him firmly into his buggy.
Moreover, I mean it this time for I have not bothered with the belt buckle. When I have tied the two pieces together with a knot that my dad showed me once whilst on a camping holiday and who knew it would come in useful one day apart from my dad that is, since he said as much at the time if I recall correctly. I have secured it that well that it could certainly hold a battleship to the side of a harbour in a force ten gale of stormy weather if needs be, so it should on all accounts make sure that Charlie stays put. We then head over to the queue that has formed in front of the ice-cream van. I do hope it is the sloppy stuff, which twirls to a point because I love those ones with a chocolate flake poking out of it along with lashings of strawberry sauce and sprinkles on top. It takes me right back to being a kid again. My dad never skimped on the ice-cream treats whenever the seller rang out his jingly bell so it could be, heard all the way down our street. And I remember that wed come excitedly running to the van in a bid to get there first before all the neighbours and before they ran out of the creamy treat, which had been known on many a summer occasion since it was that popular and then you had to have the solid stuff instead which was never as nice.
I am watching some others getting, served before us while they each walk away with a double cone that contains the two blobs of solid ice cream and my heart sinks. I was so looking forward to this and now Im not  no wonder you dont see the vans driving down you neighbourhoods and parking up anymore if theyre serving this rubbish that gives you brain freeze  because its simply full of flavoured ice. (I know the supermarkets selling cheap ice cream in tubs probably killed off the trade and that is the real reason you only see the vans nowadays in select places like this. I for one miss the annoying sound that used to make my pulse race, but that is just progress for you I guess.) The next set of customers gives me some right weirdo looks as they pass me by and I feel like saying to them, have you not ever seen someone with their face painted before. You know it is quite common around here with the carnival atmosphere and everything. Only I do not, instead I get to the open window on the side of the van and place my order can I have a special with everything on for the kid and Ill have a strawberry rocket please? I figure that if I am going to get brain freeze then I may as well go all out for it and do it properly.
Huh, did someone get you with a mud pie? Have you seen the state of your face? expresses the teenage dude and sneering as he puts the special together.
I could reply with a dig about the state of your spotty face but I dont so less of the cheek, young man, I respond with a mutter and think how rude the younger generation has gotten since I was in the first flush of youth. Mind you, my dad would surely say that I was one of the worst culprits for this kind of behaviour and some would even say that nothing has changed about me. I beg to differ on that inasmuch as I have matured a lot since my teens but really who, wants to mature anyway. Only cheese and wine should mature and I intend to get me some of that arrested development thing going on if I can.
You know youre supposed to take the face pack off before you go out in public, says the young man as he hands over our order and takes my money.
Look, lad I didnt come here to be insulted so if youve finished with the jibes then well be off and for your information its not a face pack, its face paint and perhaps you should try some. It might help to hide those zits.
That showed him that two can play that game, honestly, you get your face painted for charity and people start taking the piss. Anyhow, after this, we head for a bench and I take a pew where we can eat our treats in peace. Whose idea was it to get this lolly from the depths of the North Pole? For it is that cold. Oh yeah, mine. Well it has only gone and stuck to the inside of my bottom lip and if I pull it off, it will take half of my skin along with it and might even cause a bit of bleeding in the process. I notice a burger bar that sells tea and surely, a nice warm cup of the brown stuff should suffice in melting this lolly right off my face. As I push the buggy over to it and try to buy a tea but the bloke of senior years in the Navy tee shirt (note here that I do not mean the colour of it but the fact that it is actually telling you to join the Navy). Anyway, he is having trouble understanding me because I have this bloody ice-lolly (literally) stuck in my gob. What is it, love? Are you deaf or foreign or perhaps both?
Im neither, I just want a cup of tea please, I reply in a slower manner that probably sounds like I am slightly, retarded too.
If you take the lolly out then I could probably understand you better, he says and I feel the frustration building up inside me.
Cup of tea, silly bugger, shouts Charlie in-between licks of his ice cream.
Well, the little one sure knows what he wants, replies the man with a chuckle and I just nod to answer the question about milk and sugar.
Mr Teddy have some, demands Charlie as he squashes his furry friends nose into the sprinkles that have dripped down the side of the cone carried on a wave of toffee sauce and now, the cuddly toy has a big blob of it stuck to him.
Are you part of the show then? asks the man and I shake my head in reply to say no and grab a straw. Its just that you remind me of Al Jolson and I was wondering if we were going to get a song about your mammy out of you. Once more, I dare not speak but shake my head instead and walk away seeing as I have not got, the foggiest what he was on about and was he trying to say that I look like a man and exactly who is this Al Jolson dude. I have never heard of him, but he must be a singer of sorts. Perhaps he is a rapper since the bloke did say that he had a song out, something about how much he loved his mammy. Frankly, my mother is the last person on earth that I would ever want to sing the praises of for she does not deserve such an accolade.
We return to the same bench, having finally secured my mouth back to full working capacity by melting the edge of the damn ice-lolly, which I then dump in favour of the tea. Well I must say it was not a bad brew as I sit back and relax, whilst taking in the sights around me. I do not get to chill out for very long and this only serves to remind me of that ice-lolly. Charlie needs pee-pee, now, says the voice in charge of me as I peer down at Kims son and he has bits of the melted ice-cream on his top, whilst he licks off the stuff on his hands and of course this includes Mr Teddys face. This saves me a job anyhow, of trying to clean them with only a used hankie from my pocket that I had wiped the drips off his tee shirt with at present. I look across to the endless queues for the portaloo (that is a portable toilet to you and me) and decide that they are excessively long to prevent a mishap from taking place in Charlies shorts, so it is off to the community centre we trot because I know that they have a public toilet beside it.
Along the way  people are staring and giving me some right nutty glares and I just do not understand why  what is so interesting about me all of a sudden. There we are outside the concrete bogs and just about to enter the ladies loo when Charlie kicks up a stink about wanting to go into the gents. Kim did warn me about this, its ever since he was with his father and Adrian took him to the mens and now that hes discovered that hes not female after all, well, Charlie insists on parading his right to be a bossy bloke down to the wire. So I tie the buggy up to the handle that sticks out of the wall, normally its used for dog leads but I put the buckle strap through it with one of my special knots. Nobody is going to steal that baby and Mr Teddy should be safe as we enter the mens room together. I could not very well send Charlie in there all alone, it is probably the hangout for Peter File and his friends and I would rather take my chances with being embarrassed rather than that scenario any day.
Luckily, we were the only two people in the cubicles for it seemed to be clean enough and although the lighting could have been better, I did not feel like I had gone underground and was literally using a sewer. It was a case of super speed peeing and washing of hands and we were getting out of there. Then a black bloke wandered in and once again, he gives me the evil eye that seems to warrant me being where I should not be. I know this is a gents toilet but he refused to go in the ladies with me, so please bear with us and well be out of your hair in just a mo.
The man ignores me and waits by the urinal in order to use it once we have gone.  I did take a glimpse in the mirror on my way out of the door and now I see what all the fuss is about, my panda face paints are in reverse. What should be white is black and vice versa and no wonder people were giving me funny looks about it. Oh well, it could have been worse. If she would have told me that she did not know how to do a panda properly, I could have ended up with the silly zebra and that would surely have prompted Charlie to keep asking for his favourite story repeatedly. It is my own fault I suppose for not looking in the mirror when I had the chance back at the start, all because I was in too much of a hurry to please Charlie and go get ice creams.
Were in the midst of the carnival spirit once more as we leave the building and enter into the street, the parade has been around the block a few times only to catch up with us outside the community centre. We are surrounded by throngs of people, mainly those who have just left the immigrants rights meeting that was taking place in the hall and is heavily advertised all around us in the form of posters. I hold Charlies hand tightly as we watch the Jamaican steel band play and Charlie in particular likes the sound of the drums just as much as I do. So much so that I lift the little chap up into my arms and we have a jig around to the rhythmic beat. Didnt think this would be your kind of music, the way you look and all, says a middle-aged black man standing beside us.
And why is that? Is it that I am white so I should not listen to ethnic tunes, all because my ancestors were not slaves? Well I am sorry about that evil part of our history but in case you have not noticed, I am female so I know all about modern day slavery because there are plenty of women around the world suffering with this injustice as we speak. So I think Ive earned the right to enjoy this for them as much as the next man here, I reply and I do not know whats come over me since Im not normally that vocal on such a strong subject, but its been that type of day.
But hes spoiled it for me now with the awful looks that he keeps giving me, so off we go because I know where Im not wanted as I unleash the harness on the buggy in order to put Charlie back in alongside Mr Teddy and I think its time to go home, dont you? We approach my vehicle which is parked up, down one of the side streets and this bloke with a skinhead walks up to me and shoves a leaflet in my hand that he seems to be giving out to people passing by. I do not bother to look at it as I pop it in my pocket whilst I get Charlie sorted out in the car seat and then drive the short distance to Kims place. Her mums car is sitting outside on the drive. I stroll into the living room and take the leaflet out of my pocket that that skinhead dude had given me. It turned out to be something about voting for a type of British Nazi Party, or at least that is what I think they stand for. Either way it is going straight in the bin since I am more than happy to live in a multicultural, melting pot of a mixed coloured country as long as everyone who can pay their way does and does not take the piss. Just as Kims mum, takes note of the bold letters that spell out the name of this strongly opinionated political party and is halfway to assuming that I am a fully-fledged paid-up member by the look on her face.
I was just dropping off Charlies stuff that hed left at my place in case he needed them. Theyre all cleaned and ironed, said Kims mum and kissing her grandson goodbye as she headed for the door to leave but before doing so, she turned to me to add you do realise what you have on your face is considered to be offensive these days.
What do you mean, its just a panda painted on the wrong way around. God, why is everyone making such a big deal out of it?
Havent you heard of Al Jolson?
No, but some bloke at the butty bar mentioned him. Who is he? I ask and grabbing a pack of baby wipes to take off the face paints.
Hes the guy that did the first ever talking motion picture.
So hes famous then and thats offensive? I was still confused.
Yeah, you could say that. Anyway I must be off, bye.
Silly bugger, pipes up Charlie and I probably am for not knowing that, or that it could upset anybody because I would never do that intentionally. Oh all right, I lied. Yes, I would but only if they deserve it since I am not that bad, am I.
Indeed  I immediately went on the internet to find out about this Al Jolson bloke  the penny dropped and I must apologise for my ignorance here and now. I will never hear the last of it from Kim and Valerie if they get wind of this. As I immediately contact Kims mum, to strike a deal with her that involves extra babysitting duties for me in exchange for her silence. Thinking about it, she probably got the better end of the bargain that we struck. That is if I am really being honest because spending time with Charlie has just confirmed my belief that I have made the right choice for me, when I decided that kids do not play a prominent part in my future. Then, Charlie sits on my lap and strokes my cheek before planting a kiss on it and giving me a big hug unexpectedly for no apparent reason or rhyme. I do not even mind when he leaves behind an orange and black tiger imprint on my best pale tee shirt. I must be going soft in my old age because it was worth everything just to receive his love and affection. (All together now, ah, bless his little cotton socks.)



Chapter 14


What is it with friends who are in relationships; they somehow feel a need to set you up since they cannot bear to see you on your own. I do not want to be anybodys pity case study, but as I have nothing better to do with my evenings these days other than the odd babysitting gig. I find myself agreeing to meet the bloke who is a friend of a friend, cats uncles cousin twice removed or something like that. All I know is that they had, better not have found him on some obscure internet site for sad lonely losers in the love stakes brigade. Put it this way, I would hate to find someone like me.
So here, I am getting ready for my blind date seeing as Valerie fusses about with my choice of outfit and Kim lends me her earrings while she is currently paying me more attention than her child is getting. Speaking of which as Kim points out Ill be leaving soon to spend the night with Adrian and Charlie is going to his Nans. So dont forget youll have the place all to yourself, should you want your date to stay over.
Ill tell you now; I wont be sleeping with him on the first night.
I seem to recall that you said the same thing about Adam, pipes up Valerie as she grabs her coat and heads for the door.
Yeah and we all know how that ended up. So I think Ill take things a bit slower this time even if I do have a sudden urge to rip open his shirt and then, run my fingers through his hair in a mad passionate embrace of pure lust.
Huh, do you have to be so graphic? It is bad enough that I have not eaten yet because I came here straight from work. Bye for now and just enjoy yourselves, shouts Valerie as she opens the door to go through it.
Valerie is heading home to Dale, whom she tells me is very excited about their forthcoming engagement party. My friend on the other hand looked a little less thrilled I must say. When I questioned her earlier about this observation  Valerie informed me that she is just tired from having worked non-stop for ages without a break  perhaps she might get to take a holiday with Dale after the party who knows, but I do know that I do not want her working herself into a rut. Dale is rather busy himself with his determination to expand his coffee business empire. I had learned that he started by delivering coffee machines to office blocks and then maintaining them. Until one day he just decided to start up his own personal coffee delivery service and by sheer determination and no doubt love for the strong stuff, his business grew into an actual shop. And I wonder where the money came from seeing as Id like to one day open my own beauty salon but realistically, it isnt going to happen anytime soon purely for financial reasons.
Ill just finish my coffee and then Ill be leaving too. Ill drop Charlie off at my mums on the way, says Kim and slurping her drink. I half think that she is hanging on a bit in an attempt to see the man that Valerie set me up with for this date.
I have read somewhere that a couple of cups of coffee a day can help fight against getting that old peoples memory loss disease. Oh, whats the name of it? I asked Kim while whacking my brain for an answer that would not come.
You mean Alzheimers or Dementia, replied Kim, which stopped me actually going on the internet to find out.
Yes thats it. Anyway, I was saying that if you exceed that amount you could run the risk of increasing your chances of attaining a mental illness or so Ive heard . . . and that proves that theres a fine line between keeping your marbles and losing them and who would have figured that coffee was the probable cause, I said. While finishing off mine but with hindsight, I could not remember how many I had had that day.
What are you going on about?
I dont know, Im just nervous I guess, I reply as I pop a fresh breath mint in my mouth and hoping that he would hurry up and get here because the longer I wait the more anxious I get. Then Kim left me alone to await my date since he was hopefully, picking me up at seven on the dot. Only he seems to be running late as there is still no sign of him 20 minutes after that. At last, the doorbell goes and I swing open the front door to find a young man standing on the doorstep with a rather large holdall at his feet. The big green canvass bag looks like the type the army use to hold all their belonging and equipment when going off to war. My God, I hope he is not my date as I might be cradle snatching here and is that his overnight bag for he is very sure of himself if it is.
The young man is awkwardly leaning to one side and I hope he is not pissed because that is hardly getting off to a good start, is it. He then thrusts a laminated card in my direction as I wonder whether hes joking around and he is the funny type of bloke that will make me laugh. I begin to read the words. It states that his name is Larry and he has Cerebral Palsy so could I take the time to let him finish his rehearsed sales technique before I interrupt him as he has trouble speaking. It is not my mystery date after all while I wait for Larry to madly, slur his words just as I had intended to do last weekend. Only mine would have been self-inflicted and unlike the poor boy that was born with this disabling condition. I feel immediately sorry for him  as he struggles to open up the zipped bag and I have a massive urge to take over and just do it for him  but the card clearly expressed that I was to be patient with him and let him do things for himself so I wait. He is by now offering me his household wares for sale.
I really do not want any wooden pegs or stripy tea towels, let alone the colourful food bag clips. And then, he tries to sell me some star shaped ice cube bags that I really dont need since my chilled beers and white wine are usually never around long enough for them to actually warm up. As I politely tell him no thanks mate . . . not today. While I gently close, the door in his face in a bid to get rid of him for my date will be here any minute now and I desperately need a fag. However, I have a strange sensation that I will be, punished tonight if I do not do the right thing and buy something from Larry. Anything at all will do, in a bid to create some good Karma.
All of a sudden, I remember the days of my childhood when a gypsy woman would regularly pass by the neighbourhood and put a curse on you, if you did not buy a sprig of dried lavender off her. (Our house literally stunk of it in the end because I had bought so much from her out of pure fear.) So I grab some money and race up to Larry as hes trying to make his selling speech to the neighbour next-door on the right hand side of Kims townhouse, who in turn tells Larry what I do need is some new batteries for this hearing aid of mine because the damn thing is making you sound retarded.
I advise the old man you should read the card properly before you say anything else. Off he shuffles to get his glasses and while he does so, I buy some of those star shaped ice cube bags and the pegs and the tea towels even though we have a dishwasher so technically there is nothing to dry.
It is at this moment in time that I turn around to face my date for the evening with bundles of stuff grasped tightly in my arms, as he makes his way up to the front door to call on me. Sorry Im late; I had to take a detour due to road works. Its a good job were going the opposite way or wed never make it to the pictures.
Hi there, Ill just pop these inside and then well be off. I silently question the fact that he had managed to get here at all in that vehicle, which had plumbs of black smoke bellowing out of its backside. He notes my attention is, drawn from him to the car that we will be travelling in.
My date assures me dont worry; well make it to the pictures in time to catch the next showing of the movie. In fact, well be early for it. My date is, called Jed Black (weird I know for if we were to marry then I would be changing my surname from one colour to another) and he is hairy in a cute kind of way, if you like, the Jesus of Nazareth thing that is for the only thing missing is his robe and sandals. Then there are his glasses that are worth a mention, with them being so thick they are like the bottom of my wine bottles. Jed notices that I am looking at his specs you know you need good eyes to see through these. Not that old chestnut and here was I hoping that the dude would make me laugh. Laugh at him, more like.
I didnt mean to stare, sorry.
Well I dont mind you knowing that Ive got really bad eyesight and cant see a thing without them.
I am wondering whether this is my cue to offer up some information about my own inabilities to make him feel better about his, but I cannot think of anything to say (nerves I guess and I can assure you it is not vanity prevailing here). Because, if I did start then there is probably no stopping me until I have told him my entire life story and we will definitely miss the movie altogether then. A deadly silence erupts between us, as I cannot seem to get back inside Kims townhouse with my armful of guilt-induced purchases whilst I repeatedly try to open the closed and firmly-staying-that-way front door with my bum. I hastily deposit the lot into his arms as Jed awkwardly takes them from me, well, he did not have much choice really. I distinctly remember putting the latch on, so I cannot understand how this could have happened tonight of all nights.
Are you having a blonde moment? he asks and not in jest since he means it, how downright cheeky of him and I could go off him already if he carries on like this.
Im a redhead, or are you colour blind as well? I was not joking either.
No Im not and I detect a hint of an attitude problem if Im not mistaken, so youll certainly be a bundle of fun and Im looking forward to this challenge.
Im glad one of us is. Can I borrow you mobile phone to ring for help?
Youre not dialling abroad, are you? he asks and I am not sure whether he is messing with me or not.
Of course not, but do not temp me to call my cousin in New Zealand. Its such a beautiful unspoilt part of the world and it seems like ages since weve had a long, long natter about life in general, I jest in order to lighten the mood and thus, get what I want. And its a good job that Im great at remembering peoples numbers off the top of my head but I really didnt want to disturb Kim and Adrian  since theyll probably be up to their eyes in milk right about now  if the vision thats just popped into my head is anything to go by. When I recall that, I do know a certain someone who once before helped me break into a fancy-dress hire shop.
I rang Alison instead but her phone was, answered by her dad who said shes in bed with a head cold and I dont want to disturb her. Is it an emergency?
I do not know what you would class as a straight up life and death emergency, but I have locked myself out of the house.
Having informed him of my plight, he kindly offered Ill send round one of the boys to sort you out. At first, I wondered if he was going to have me beaten up but no. It was just a local locksmith from his firm, which will call on me as a favour for helping Alison win her trophy. I hand the phone back to Jed and he returns my goods to me in exchange.
After which, Jed and I looked up at the sky at the same time and it was nothing to do with romance as I pondered if we were thinking the same thing. Shall we get in my car; it might be about to rain? He was thinking what I was thinking  at least we have that in common and it is something  right? We took to his vehicle in an effort to avoid any potential downpours as I wondered what to talk about while we sit rigid with the many (funny shaped) air fresheners that were dangling down from his mirror and surely blocking his view whilst causing a major hazard to his driving skills. Of all things, a no smoking sign is sitting right in front of me on top of the dashboard.
When I guess we are not compatible in that sense just as he remarks your shopping habits are not quite what I expected from a young woman, more like what my mother would buy. I hope he has not heard about my shoplifting exploits from Valerie seeing as I let slip about one time (note, there has been many since) and I would like to keep some secrets to myself. My friend is the type though who believes that an emotional baggage shared is instantly, halved but I figure that it will always cost you heavily in chocolate consumption in the end so why bother.
Are you comparing me to my future mother-in-law already?
What, eh . . . no, he replies and I succeeded in getting him all flustered.
Im only joking. I never want to get married and I do not want kids so if that is a problem then you should bail out now. I wont be offended.
No, its not an issue for me. I feel the same. I already know about you being dumped by your boyfriend because he wanted more than living together.
Yeah well, thats in the past and I intend to move on so I dont want to talk about it if thats what youre getting at. I pop the stuff that I have in my arms onto my lap and flip open the built-in ashtray out of habit or wanting or both and its full of empty chewing gum wrappers which spring out. I have to bend down in order to retrieve the ones that had escaped because I do not want to be, accused of making a mess in his vehicle.
So there I am with my head busy bobbing up and down in a bid to try to locate the bloody scrunched up wrappers that had rolled under the seat (for there is always something that plays hardball when all, you want is an easy ride in life). When there is a tap on the window and some bloke is sniggering and saying huh, leave it out love. Cant you wait until Im gone to give him a nosh?
I could not roll down the window fast enough. What? Who the hell are you to accuse me of doing something that I wasnt?
Well its an easy mistake to make, missus. Ive seen it all in my business and I usually make a joke out of it to avoid any embarrassment like.
I am not anybodys missus least of all his . . . no offence, I said to Jed.
None taken, you did say that you didnt want to get married, he replied.
Yeah, I did and I still dont in case you think I suddenly like the name tag. So I gather youre the locksmith then, I switch from Jed to the other dude.
Thatd be me all right. Which house is it? I point behind me to show him.
I gather up my bundle of stuff back into my arms and immediately notice the blokes dirty white van and Jed informs me I usually drive a smaller version of one of those for my business. It succeeds in reminding me of the man from the market who sold me that teeth-whitening kit. I would very much like to let him know how it turned out. Whilst threatening to sue his arse under the constitution act of selling naff, foreign gear that doesnt do what it says on the package (mind you, it might very well have said in plain Arabic that itll make you have glow-in-the-dark teeth if you use this product for all I knew). The chirpy young man takes a kit out of the van with the words; I DID CLEAN IT, ONCE written into the dirt on his side door. I too jump out of Jeds car, only less cheery for I do not do whistling never have and never will.
Jed follows me as we make our way up the drive; the dude asks I need some form of identification.
But Ive locked myself out, so the chance of me having something on me is miniscule. Its best to look inside for that kind of thing.
He grins at me and says I get a lot of that, people pretending they live somewhere they dont. You will have to prove it once I open this door. OK!
Yes I agree. You cannot be too careful these days. Too many crooks about, I suppose. It barely takes him a few seconds and we are in, but the man closely follows behind me just to make sure that I do not steal anything until I prove to him that I am indeed who I say I am by showing him my drivers licence.
You also have to produce a utility bill with your name on it so I know that youre entitled to be in here. Otherwise, I will have to call the cops, as this is an illegal entry. Only then it could mean trouble, see, announced the lean young man, who was looking not as happy as of right now.
But Im not the householder. I am only a guest that is staying with my friend for a while . . . whilst I sort out my life as I am technically between homes right now, I say and the man gets out his mobile phone in order to ring the police.
Why dont you ring Kim then? Im sure this can all be easily sorted out and theres really no need to call the law, pipes up Jed to both of us as he stands in the doorway and looking scared to step foot inside in case hes gets arrested or something for trespassing.
So I ring my friend and inform her what has happened and then I apologise listen . . . Im really sorry for interrupting your evening with Adrian, again. (I can hear him in the background for he clearly has not forgiven me and I think it is best not to make a habit out of it, if I want to carry on living here much longer that is.)
Kim tells me Ill be right over, or as quick as the traffic will allow anyway. I relay this news to the man and he rolled his eyes at me because I am probably holding him up here and stopping him from doing something else now. He  who is in charge of deciding if my night will end up in the hands of the police or in the hands of Jed  if we ever do manage to get this date started properly?
I question his rush to leave us do you have another job on that you need to go to?
Nah, nothing like that . . . I am due down the pub with me mates to watch the match that is all.
So there we are (meaning me and my date Jed and the locksmith) all busy watching the football in Kims living room on her widescreen TV with lager cans to hand when my landlady walks in and thankfully sorts out my mess for me. Once the locksmith dude was satisfied that he had not done anything wrong by letting me enter the premises and frankly, making myself at home. Well, then he wanted paying. Here is me assuming that it was a favour from Alisons dad as I hand over a cheque which I hope bounces from here to the moon. Especially, if this dude thinks that I am paying that much for what amounts to a few seconds worth of labour and a free drink to boot.
Before Kim leaves, she reminds me now dont forget, the latch is a bit loose so if you slam the door it drops down. I would have known this, if I had been listening to her last week when she told me the first time instead of watching some old rerun of Sex and the City. What I do recall is missing the end of the programme because I had to suddenly, switch channels seeing as Charlie raced downstairs for his Blankie. You see the blonde one was getting all raunchy with the other character and had got her boobs out again; well I couldnt risk a repeat of Charlies other obsession, now could I?
My date and I finally arrive at one of the oldest cinemas in the area, it has a large screen with a two-tier balcony seating arrangement and two smaller screening rooms either side of this. I am pleased that we have the middle front row, balcony seats, which I deem to be the best in the house. I remember back as a teenager when they were playing a film here about monster spiders. My friend and I snuck a bag of rubber spiders inside our coats and just at a particularly scary moment in the movie, we tossed the lot over the balcony at the people down below. We were barred needless to say, so I think this is the first time I have been back here since. Seeing as, I usually go to the massive modern cinema complex on the ring road next to the big three. I am talking about the fast food joints that appear in that kids song that Charlie loves so much and if I hear it again, I will scream.
My date Jed looks over the edge of the balcony, just as I retell my spider tale to him. I actually witness a yawn of boredom, which he does not even try to hide. Then, some burly bloke scurries past us with hot dogs dripping in fried onions and cheesy nachos to take his seat. He stumbles slightly over my handbag and nearly drops his food on my lap, which in this case I mightve been tempted to scoff them down as theyd smelt that good. So I sharply step forward to retrieve my bag before someone else stands on it, only to accidently shoulder barge someone else who was rushing to take a seat. This action forced them to lose balance and bump clumsily into Jed where his heavy glasses dropped right off his face, for he was still looking down whilst admiring the ornate architecture of the Victorian building.
Another blonde moment I guess, he says and I wish he would not use that expression, as it is derogatory to women in general no matter whether they are fair-haired or not. As I look at Jed apologetically for he now has a deep red indent on the bridge of his nose where his glasses should reside.
While I offer to retrieve them, Ill nip down and get them for you. Just as he said earlier on, he cannot see a thing without them. As I race down the stairs and just at that, moment the lighting in here happens to change for the movie is starting and people are suddenly, focused on the show for the opening credits. In the end, I have to disturb quite a few of them as I scramble on all fours feeling my way across the floor for the glasses, which unfortunately somebody had trodden on and broken. One lens is horribly cracked and the other has parted company completely from the frame. I do not think Jed will be too pleased to be getting them back in this state and who can blame him, because I know I would not.
He is not, for he expresses perhaps we should cancel our date and reschedule for another time, once I can afford it having paid for an expensive trip to my optician beforehand.
I tell him in return dont be so pessimistic . . . you can still enjoy yourself and I really want to watch this movie. As I think to myself, not that my date will now for I have surely used the wrong words there.
Who would have thought that my blind date would actually turn out to be blind? I did not envisage that one coming for one (no pun intended). I end up talking my way through the movie, seeing as I describe every action scene that he cannot witness happening for himself. I get a few people in the seats around us actually telling me to shush with my running commentary as it is probably getting totally on their nerves. I might even be barred for a second time, if they complaint to the management. At last, the movie is over and to say that I did not enjoy it would be something of an understatement.
Jed thanks me for my patience and perseverance, even when I nearly choked on some popcorn that went down the wrong way as I tried to speak too soon. All I can say to that is that I am so glad it was not a foreign film with subtitles. Could you imagine having to read every single word aloud? It would be like reading a storybook to Charlie. Now that really would be annoying, especially, on a date. I mean, I readily admit to missing half the dialogue anyway for I am usually too busy looking at the scene as in the eloquent French dcor of the room or the way his hand brushes her cheek to wipe away a tear for an example of the last European movie I had seen with Adam. Oh damn there I go again thinking about my ex when I should be concentrating on my date with Jed, who seems quite vulnerable without his specs after being such a sourpuss at first. I feel he should be able to forgive me for the inconvenience caused to him by making it a night to remember and giving Jed something to tell the grandkids about in the future. I nearly forgot, he does not want any children so what am I going on about here. Besides, the evening is not over yet.



Chapter 15


It is up to me to then drive us in Jeds car to the restaurant and the blasted gear stick keeps sticking are we having a blonde moment again? he asks and I want to rip the thing off in my hand and hit him with it. I just want to get out of this bloody death trap before I kill someone, mainly my friend who set me up with Jed in the first place. Hed actually picked the wax out of his ear right in front of me and ate it; I couldnt believe my eyes for Id shared popcorn with this guy and maybe it wasnt a kernel Id found but a crusty bit of matter instead, which was beyond yuck in any circumstances. I dont care how hungry I was  Id never resort to that kind of filthy habit  talk about putting someone off their food as Id left the rest of the popcorn go to waste and I was now off dates for a lifetime too thanks to him.
I find out that he grows herbs for a living, which I consider more of a hobby then a proper job and he sells them at markets and over the internet. Jed soon starts going on about trying to get a national collection of Thyme together. Here is me wondering when my time with him would end, seeing as I had wanted to give-up on this none starter of a boyfriend material as of yesterday. He was still rambling on but it clearly does not interest me, when he starts naming them in Latin. It may as well be a foreign language to me. In fact, I had heard somewhere that Romanian is the closest living language to Latin and this is definitely, classed as a foreign language so I rest my case. I sincerely hope our dinner conversation is more enthralling as I risk parking on double yellows, it is not my car so what do I care and my date cannot tell otherwise. I just want to get some grub for I am starving so come to think of it, I have been eating like a ravenous pig lately and it must be because of all the recent stress I have had to put up with surely. Weirdly  I do not even feel like a ciggie so often either  now what is all that about.
It looks a nice enough place that he has chosen since I have never been here before and maybe I was too quick to judge my date. Jed once again takes my arm, only its not in a romantic sense seeing as he simply needs me to guide him to the table that he has booked for us in our endeavours to be sociable. I have to read out the menu for him so that he is able to then, make his decisions on what he would like to order. He asks the waiter could you tell me about the choice of herbs available and where you buy them from? I bury my head in my menu and pretend that I am anywhere else but here right now.
Im not sure but I could find out for you, sir, replies the waiter and I could tell that he did not really want to do this and would rather just take our orders instead. Oh, why did Jed have to be some sort of expert on the subject as even the poor waiter looks dumbfounded by his knowledge of the Romans bringing that particular herb to our shores and culinary delights? I suddenly make my choice and this forces Jed to make his as the waiter backs away and seems mightily content to do so. If only I could follow him without causing offence.
The only herbs I ever use in cooking are usually the ones from dried old dusty bottles that reside in the backs of cupboards for years on end before being inspired by some gastro guru on some telly programme to be more adventurous, dangerous more like as those herbs had probably turned into medicines by now. I stuck with the natural theme of our talk when I dared to deliberately, change the subject and asked him did Valerie mention that I was pretending to be a tree recently?
No, she didnt. Was this some kind of acting thing because I did something similar once in my drama class?
God no . . . nothing like that. It was for this fantasy makeup competition in Blackpool and I was a model for one of the trainees. We won, by the way.
Blackpool, eh . . . well the name does conjure up family holidays of my youth to that particular seaside resort where my parents had owned a caravan.
Ive never been on an actual vacation there, but Ive had lots of day trips and if you add them all up then I suppose it could count as one long holiday, I said.
I must tell you the story about the wayward donkey that chose the afternoon I rode him up and down the beach to be the day that he would either make a break for freedom, or die trying as he suddenly decided to take me with him towards the sea. Well I couldnt swim and I dont know about the donkey, but thankfully we got dragged out of the water . . . eventually. The poor thing was probably trying to drown Jed for excessively talking about him, no doubt.
I hope the donkey was all right and didnt come to any harm because of this incident.
Yeah, I think my mum said something about them putting him out to pasture because hes not up to working with children anymore and I always imagined him living on a farm and happily eating grass.
Isnt that saying a bit like putting an animal to sleep?
Err; Im not sure on that one, he replied and looks confused.
No, me neither . . . I will have to ask Valerie since she is a vet and if anyone will know the answer it will be her, right.
Yeah, right . . . We will be paying halves for this meal, wont we? Jed suddenly asked out of the blue while squinting away at the candlelight that flickered with his heavy breath.
Yes of course, I am a modern working woman after all . . . whose ancestors had burnt their bras for such a triumph as not being expected to rely on a man paying for anything, I said. Whilst pondering if modern man has learned nothing about the female psyche, in that, what we say we want and what we mean are two very different things entirely. Anyhow, Id long since figured that this would be the case after hed asked me earlier on to cough up for my own cinema ticket and a shared price of the popcorn and pop.
I am surprised he did not ask me for petrol money too, but the night is young as they say so there is still time. After our main course  I was fit to burst  not by the amount of meagre portions but by the monotonous dribble that came from Jeds mouth. He must have felt this overwhelming sense of trying to make up for his shortcomings in sight and spending power, seeing as he tried to entertain me with his talk of plumbing experiences. They were not even funny stories like those that I had hoped to hear but actual lessons on the perils of DIY (how boring is that? I had stifled yet another yawn with my napkin as I pretended to dab at my mouth so as not to appear rude). Then, Jed announced to my relief that I would be granted some sort of break from him I really need to go to the loo. Will you take me there? Dont worry, you wont need to wait outside for me like a child because Ill count the steps towards the mens and find my own way back.
I was glad of the excuse to get rid of him frankly, for he does not seem the least bit interested in me. I was beginning to fret over our upcoming end-of-night-kiss because I know it will be truly awkward. When really Id have settled for a mere handshake but only if hed washed his hands first, having witnessed him lifting his shirt at the table and picking the fluff out of his bellybutton because now I know where theyve been, Im not so keen. Our puddings had arrived and I am halfway through mine, as I wondered what was taking him so long. I do hope he does not pee on someone by mistake and somebody takes offence which ends in a punch-up, in that, I do not want to have to rescue him and then accompany him to the hospital since I will never be able to shake him off then. I really should go and look in on him just to check that he is not lying in a pool of his own blood or something. But then again, perhaps I will just eat a bit more first as it tastes so good and the waiter might remove it when he mistakenly thinks that I have finished when I have not.
It was then that I heard Jeds voice, so I turn my head around to witness my companion sitting behind me and busily chatting away to some brunette woman. He must have miscalculated his steps and she is clearly mystified why this strange man would plonk himself down in front of her and starts yapping on about his take on the movie we had just seen together. I can hear him droning on and the poor woman seems too polite to tell him to sling his hook elsewhere. I simply cannot be bothered to address the issue of my date dating someone else whilst in the middle of ours.
I leave him to it while I not only finish off my delicious pudding but his as well. It occurs to me when I realise that I have the perfect excuse to dump Jed and never see him again, since surely being unfaithful is after all one of the most unsatisfactory traits a person can have. Or at least that is what I state rather loudly before storming out of the restaurant and leaving Jed to not only pay the bill, but warrant his attention to the womans burly boyfriend whose just turned up for their date (only to find Jed chatting her up whilst thinking it was me). I notice that his car had been, clamped too and it serves him right for being a bit of a boring cheapskate who never once paid me a compliment and made me feel like I should be grateful to be out on a date with him. I can just see him now, thinking that I was having a blonde moment when I had parked it there, as if I did it on purpose. As I wonder if I have, enough money to pay for a taxi home. Specifically, after buying those unwanted items from Larry before my date even started. Oh woe be I, such is life as they say.
The following morning when Kim returns home, she immediately enquires so how was your date with Jed then? Did it go all right? More to the point, will you be seeing him again?
Oh it went all right, straight out of the restaurant door and I dont think hell be seeing anyone for a while or until at least he gets his specs fixed to put it mildly.
Well, you cant love them all as they say. She does not seem too bothered at my lack of chemistry with Jed who I had recalled being set-up with by Valerie so, I guess Kim is not in the picture as far as any blame is concerned. Then my friend confesses we all know that he was never meant to replace Adam. It was more a case of making you realise what youd foolishly thrown away.
I know what youre getting at. I had the perfect boyfriend and I didnt take our relationship seriously enough to know that I was on to a good thing.
Kim warns me you should try a lot harder the next time you find someone who fits the bill, because those guys really are few and far between.
But Im still not convinced that I could bend over backwards in order to please men, seeing as doing the Limbo never quite feels comfortable even when having downed several cocktails beforehand and everyone else is doing it. I tell Kim to spread the word, mainly to Valerie I wish never to be paired off ever again. I will find my own dates from now on and I was thinking of giving them a written test first, just to see if they pass the psychological exam and we are at least a little bit compatible before we get to the dinner stage.
Did anyone ever tell you that youre stubborn and highly opinionated and fussy as hell?
Yes . . . they do frequently as a matter of fact and all throughout my life, actually.
Im not surprised and what have I told you about smoking in the house?
I have not half cut back lately, thatll surprise you.
Back in work and I have to cover for Alison since she still has her cold, which I had heard had turned into a serious throat infection. I hate getting ill for I had never had the tender touch of a mothers hand to soothe my woes when I was growing up. Alison is lucky to have hers, who at this very moment is probably fussing about her bed and tucking her in. Meanwhile, I had to deal with her client with the unpronounceable name that made me sound like I had a mad lisp every time I said it wrongly. She was booked in for a facial massage but she should have booked a flight more like. The poor woman had baggage rather than mere bags under her eyes and more chins than the Chinese directory to quote the old joke (forgive me for a bit of playground humour there). Honestly, it was like kneading dough as I lifted and rolled my fingers over the white sticky flesh. At least she gave me a nice tip, which is more than can be said for the next client who had scurried off without so much as a thank you. I will remember that the next time she comes here for she is now on my black list of clients to punish. If I can cause them pain then I will make it look like part of the treatment or an accident and they will never know the difference, since I can be wicked like that when I want to be.
After work, Id gone straight to the local shop called Occasions around the corner from The Royal Treatment and bought a get-well card to cheer Alison up on my way home. They had had a bewildering choice of celebratory matter in stock whilst everything you could think of was, catered for and if it was not then they had a service for making one. I had picked one of those cheesy ones that play a silly tune every time you open it; only this one had obviously malfunctioned when I had dropped it getting out of the car and now the damn thing would not shut up. It was meant to make Alison smile on her road to recovery not drive her clinically insane and right into a mental hospital. I had stood at the door with it blasting out from inside its pink envelope.
Alisons brother opens the PVC front door so quickly, that Id forgotten it was one of those foreign types that opens towards you and nearly knocks you off the step if youre standing too close, which I was I hasten to add. I hand him the noisy envelope and tell him its a get-well card for, Alison. Could you pass it on for me with my sincerest wishes for a speedy recovery? I nearly added that then I would not have to deal with her obnoxious clients as well as my own, but thought it best not to add to her misery. He stares at me as if I am the Unabomber or something and have just delivered a package that is going to cause them serious harm. Only to their eardrums I expect, while I wave goodbye before I give out anymore ideas that I dont like him (remember he did rat me out to his parents and nobody likes a tattletale, least of all me for Im usually in the wrong and getting myself into Trouble with a capital T. Perhaps that should have been my middle name instead of being constantly, reminded of my mother by having hers).



Chapter 16


I have just been sick for no apparent rhyme or reason and I cannot very well blame it on the drink because I have not had any. It came out with such a force that I projectile vomited all over my client, well to be precise, Mrs Minnellis designer dress after giving her a manicure and applying the tiny Swarovski crystals to her nails. She winces at the sight of it all and screams the place down for Mr Nash. He comes running, as did everyone else by the look of it. I go bright red of course with embarrassment and fake feeling ill, but I do not think I am fooling anyone with my feeble coughs.
Mr Nash fusses over the client and informs her dont you worry about a thing; the company will pay for your outfit to be dry-cleaned. He waves his arms about in a manner that stresses that we are to help the woman get undressed and into something more comfortable, like one of the salons robes.
Mrs Minnelli stands up and bits of sick fall to the floor as she threatens I will inform everyone about this incident, unless you fork out for a brand-new dress with shoes and bag to match. I adore getting gifts by way of compensation you understand, for the inconvenience. After all, I was on my way to lunch with the girls and its up to you what I tell them about my morning. Mr Nash gives me the angry look that he often holds back in the presence of clients and reserves for the eyes of his employees only. Paige meanwhile is looking not so upset for I know that secretly she detests Mrs Minnelli, who speaks to everyone like they are her personal slaves and totally beneath her. She has not the good grace her mother obviously did not teach her. I came to realise a long time ago that it is so true what they say about money not buying you class.
As Paige points out I dont understand it; youre never ill. Do you think this could mean that youre pregnant?
Oh my God, no, I cant be . . . can I? I start to panic for I have just realised that I have not started my period yet and I never miss a period, period. I ignore the pleas for an apology to Mrs Minnelli from Mr Nash and instead, I immediately leave the building and sprint to the chemists around the corner from my place of work. Once there, having discovered the suitable aisle that stocks my particular item that I need, I grab a handful of those pregnancy-testing kits. I want to be sure one way or the other.
After downing a gallon of water to provide me with enough pee to fill a barrel  I wait nervously while there is a growing crowd outside the toilet door  not wanting to use it but wanting to know my fate instead. Have they not anything better to do with their time. There is no denying it, I am definitely pregnant for all the tests could not be wrong, could they? I cannot believe that I could have been so stupid to think that being on the pill and religiously taking it every morning would protect me from my worst nightmare coming true. I had laughed in the face of the Gods, who had punished me for not using a condom when having an iffy tummy that resulted in the runs from a bad takeaway. I knew damn well that a) I shouldnt have eaten the stuff the following day without storing it in the fridge and then heating it up properly (because Id heard that leftover rice can have more bacteria on it than dog muck and Adam was surely winding me up with that one but it is dangerous). In addition, b) diarrhoea sometimes lowers the effect of the pill, but I had been lucky before and gotten away with it. Alas, not this time it seems. Christ I need a fag and a stiff drink, or the thought of this could topple me altogether.
Now that I know that I am up-the-duff, well that changes everything of bloody course it does. And Ill have to give-up the cigarettes and alcohol, I dont know if I can but I do know that I cant get rid of Adams baby since it would kill me to physically harm a part of him. Hold on, I hate kids. Perhaps that is too strong a word to use  but I had long decided that children did not figure in my future  never mind my present. Hell, this is the single most important thing that has ever happened to me and I want to cry and cry and not stop until I dehydrate and cannot cry anymore, because I have simply run out of tears. I really do not want to carry on with my afternoon shift but needs must, if I am to support myself whilst I raise a child. I guess I was in some sort of shock for I just went into autopilot mode, while somehow seeing to my clients every whim and comfort. I had just wanted someone to hug me tight and tell me that everything was going to work out fine in the end, but nobody did. When I got back to Kims, Charlie ran straight up to me and hugged my leg and I wondered if he knew that that was exactly what I needed. But I was so emotionally affected by this act of genuine affection that I started crying once more, so Charlie rubbed my leg and told me there, there all better now.
Soon after this, Kim came into the room smiling and her grin dropped immediately because she could tell by my expression that something major had gone down with me. God, whats up with your face? You look like you have the weight of the world on your shoulders, Kim asked whilst picking Charlie up and he gave her such a sweet kiss, it set me off all over again.
Im pregnant. Can you believe it? I dont even like kids . . . well apart from Charlie obviously since we are roommates after all, I replied between sobs that trickled down my cheeks and stopped at my chin and then, they seemed to dangle precariously for ages before falling into the abyss.
Silly bugger, pipes up Charlie, it makes us both smirk because he is right.
Well, well . . . this is a turn-up for the books. I had always thought maybe one day you might grow up and actually want children, whilst hoping that youd come to your senses before it was too late. But to be honest, I didnt think youd have a baby this quickly, says Kim while putting Charlie down so he could go and play or she risked getting a kick of the knee otherwise.
And before you ask . . . yes, Im going to keep it. Only God knows how. Because I cant afford to keep myself, let alone a baby but Ill be damned if Im going cap in hand to Adam, I say while eyeing up Charlies chocolate snack bar, for I wanted to snatch it off him and snaffle it down in one go.
Sometimes, you have to let go of the control freak inside of you and accept help, even financial. I did from Adrian.
Yeah, I know you did. But youre not me remember and I like doing things my way without any interference from others and I can do this even though its not what I wanted for myself, I can set my mind to anything if I try. You will see that I can be the mother that I never had. I mean I cant be any worse because for a start, I wont abandon my baby so that makes me better already.
The following day was thankfully my day off, so I had some time alone to come to terms with the idea before I made my way over to Valeries veterinary clinic. My skin was seemingly itchy and I felt really rather nauseous, I just hoped that I was not sick again when smelling the awful stench of wet dog food. I am surprised anyone still uses that stuff when the dry mix is surely so much more pleasant an aroma. The waiting room was filling up quickly and I was the only one there without a pet of some description or other, as the others looked at me strangely as if they can smell someone at twenty paces who is not a natural animal lover. And this is one of the reasons why  I dont indulge in furry friends  Id certainly not let a German Sheppard lick inside my ears while telling them what a good boy they are for cleaning out mummys wax. This gross action only serves to remind me of Jed and I feel ill all of a sudden while I silently shudder before sticking my finger in my own ear just as my name is then, called by the receptionist for it was making me itch simply watching them.
Now I might not have an actual pet to bring into the vet, but I wonder if I have acquired some fleas along the way that might need removing. I had to make sure that Valerie sat down first before I told her, seeing as I didnt want her fainting with shock and banging her head on the operating table or anything. Valerie did not so much as go feeble at the mention of my enforced disposition, but she did fall about laughing at the thought of me becoming a mum. She stated the fact how are you going to take care of a child? Youre such a disorganised person; you cant even match your pairs of socks up. She pointed down at my single stripped ankle which accompanied the plain purple one so I suppose shes right, as in how on earth was I going to cope with a child? I had to agree with her on principle of my past habits but this is the new me so Mother Nature is going to become my best friend and mentor from now on as I learn to nurture, theyll see and Im going to prove them all wrong.
Valerie was thrilled for me then again the girl is in love so she gets excited at the thought of anything to do with fornication. I on the other hand had decided not to tell Adam for I did not want it to look like I was trying to trap him because that is exactly what his mother Germaine would say to me for the rest of my miserable existence. Nevertheless, I was going to inform my dad of his impending upgrade to Granddad status. You know what  I am not so scared of telling him because I know he will be truly delighted  seeing as he is always dropping great big massive hints that he thinks are subtle but I know him too well. The only fly in the baby ointment is going to be the fact that Adam is no longer a part of my life and sadly, that will dampen his joyous spirits.
Later on, I arrive at my dads home and hes not alone for he has a few of the lads around from the local pub where hes more of a light social drinker than a serious heavyweight contender. They are here to watch the football because the pub was showing the other game which they didnt want to witness for apparently, they all hate that team because one of the players used to be a fellow drinkers son. He had promised to get, them all free tickets but never did. Talk about a grudge, these people are taking it beyond a sport and ruining their own enjoyment of the game in the process. It is a matter of principle that they boycott all his team outings in future. I really dont want to get involved in testosterone filled petty squabbles because lets face it  I am woman and have never felt more like one then I do right now  as I gently pat my stomach with a sigh. I hope it is a girl in there and I can teach her to hate men, well not all of them obviously but some will break your heart and they are the ones to watch out for at all costs.
My dad asks would you like one of the cans of beer? Help yourself, love. They are scattered across the coffee table and I reject his offer to a round of boos from the male choir who down their ones rather heartily before opening another. My dad looks at me strange for I have never before refused at least one drink, even if I am driving. He immediately suspects that something is up with my relationship with Adam. Is everything all right with you?
I have a confession to make, you know the last time I was here and I said that everything was fine. Well it wasnt because Adam and I had broken up and it doesnt look like well be getting back together, ever again before you ask, I announce and then bite my lip in anticipation of what hell say back to me.
My dad gathers me to him and nearly hugs the life out of me, whilst telling me you dont need any other man, because Ill always be there for you no matter what and dont you forget it. The other men in the room sink lower in their seats and pretend not to be here for fear of interrupting this emotional moment. Then, someone scores on the telly and them lot soon forget that I am even present as cheers and pats-on-the-back instinctively take over their actions.
By the way . . . Im pregnant with Adams baby, I blurt it out in front of everyone whilst still feeling funny at saying it out loud because that sort of makes it all official and not something that you joke about.
The room of rowdy revellers falls into an awkward silent and my dad takes me into the dining room for some privacy. I can hear the noise levels rise with expletives as the other team have obviously pulled one back to equalise the score, so I apologise to my dad sorry, you missed the goal and sorry for surprising you like this. He does not seem to care one little bit, seeing as his only concern right now is my unborn baby and me.
I am pleased for you. I cannot wait to hold my grandchild in my arms. You will have to give-up the smoking and drinking immediately, you hear. In fact, I insisted that your own mum do the same and she might not have been much of a mother to you but at least she happily gave them up whilst pregnant with you.
Yes, I know all that but it wont be easy . . . Ill obviously need help of some sort and I was wondering if you still had those NHS anti-smoking leaflets around, I asked guiltily for I had a couple of nicotine patches up my sleeve and attached to my arm as we speak.
I certainly do, why therere probably over there in the chest of drawers. Ill get them for you right now before I forget and dont worry about Adam not being on the scene because I intend to be very involved in my grandchilds life, if thats all right with you? He looked at me sheepishly and for the first time ever, I realised that he was asking for my permission to do something and not the other way around.
I couldnt go through with it, if you werent there for me like always, I replied with a renewed love for him along with a long overdue grateful smile.
I soon left my dad to watch the remainder of the game with his friends while I was, left with the thought of moving back into his house which of course is also my old place. He had asked me to seriously think it over whilst I cannot burden Kim much longer and I think he took great pleasure in pointing that out. My dad also assured me that it would only be temporary until at least  the baby is born and when I was up to it  he would help me go about getting my own pad. A home for my child and me, I really do not want to be a single parent and I feel that panicky feeling well up inside me once more. I hate myself for getting in to this predicament, when I just about have time to open the door to my car and lean out before violently throwing up.
It was a good job that I was, parked up seeing as this could have happened whilst I was driving and then I would have been wearing my breakfast. Mind you, I did make a pig of myself when not only having a big bowl of kiddie cereal; I also downed a couple of pieces of toast with eggs on. I never usually have eggs for breakfast because they never turn out quite right for me when I make them, always too runny or too rubbery. I never did get the hang of breaking them open properly, for I always get bits of shell in mine no matter how hard I try not to. Adam used to tease me about my awful eggs; I guess the only one that I ever produced which was perfect, was the one inside me that is developing into his child. God, stop mentioning it before I freak out I must seriously warn my good self off this path of thinking.
I arrive back at Kims and she has bought me a tee shirt with the words IM NOT FAT, IM PREGNANT across the front in bold letters. She tells me you can wear it as you get bigger. Itll cover any bumps and lumps, even twins.
Thanks, just what I need to feel better about doubling in size. I hold up the ample top to read it with a thankful grin.
As Kim remarks have you noticed the amount of pegs that are overflowing in that basket? And where on earth, did the tea towels come from that are strewn around the kitchen and not being used? Kim is also taking into account the other items that have suddenly appeared from nowhere.
I confess I bought them from this young lad called Larry. I told you about him, he turned up on the doorstep the night of my blind date with Jed.
Yeah, you mentioned him but you didnt say anything about actually buying stuff from him. You did ask for some form of identification, didnt you? Kim enquired whilst holding up the star shaped ice cube bags for I might have been, fobbed off with faulty goods. While I swear that if I find one hole in them then I will hunt this Larry dude down and make him give me my cash back, good cause or no good cause.
What do you mean? I bought them in the good faith that I was contributing to charity, I answered whilst putting the bags in the kitchen drawer where they will no doubt, remain and probably never get used.
Dont you ever read the local papers? Theres a con artist, actor guy going around pretending to be disabled, just to get the money out of people who are gullible enough to fall for it, says Kim whilst flicking through the recycled papers to see if she could find that particular article.
I was so angry with myself for being, taken for a ride that I picked up the basket of pegs and threw them in the bin. As Kim rightly pointed out that, we do need some pegs if not all the surplus so I had to rummage in the stinky rubbish and then clean the colourful plastic clothing pegs. Because of all the stuff they could have landed in, it would have to be some leftover gravy would it not. Mind you, it could have been worse for I was about to plonk the furry covered curry that I had left in the pan section at the bottom of the oven when I had completely forgotten about it. I was by now, muttering my expletives about getting my hands on that scumbag whod tricked me with his acting skills, so small ears would not pick up on my foul language. See, I was learning already how to be a good grownup around the little people.
On the other hand, I really had to get my head around this baby malarkey and I expressed my woes to Kim, who then suggested Ive a great idea, why dont you spend more time with Charlie in a bid to get used to the massive responsibility thats headed your way?
Oh I dont think thats a good idea. Look what happened, the last couple of times that I babysat him on my own. Then again  it might be good for me to have to think of someone elses needs before my own since I really wasnt so sure that I was ready for all the upheaval to my life that a baby brings with it  but this will certainly help me to adjust. Only I was not convinced that Charlie would want to spend time alone with me and not his parents, given the choice. Unless I bribed him of course, because that always works and I must remember this when I have to deal with my own unruly child in the coming years ahead.



Chapter 17


So here, I am on a bright Sunday morning, having risen early for a change without a hangover. And I find myself in a local park with Charlie, who thankfully has grown out of calling me silly bugger at last and thats probably because wed ignored him until he said my name properly and eventually (with a little patience, oh all right, a lot of patience)  it worked. In addition, having banned the word silly from our vocabulary has rather helped him to forget it too. He starts by eating the stale bread that we had brought along for the ducks on the lake. I did feed him his cereal as usual, so surely he cannot be that hungry already. I finally persuade the little tyke to part with his crusts and donate them to the squabbling ducks, which are gathering around us and eagerly awaiting the next titbit. In fact, the noisy birds are practically surrounding us in an ambush and pecking at anything and everything even each other and Charlie. Of course, at this stage he is seriously frightened as I try to distract the ducks by showing them a big piece and tossing it away from us in order for them to follow on.
It worked as they waddled off as fast as their little webbed feet would carry them and without warning, Charlie suddenly takes off for I had forgotten to bring his safety wrist link strap thingamajig as he chases after a dog that is off its lead too and heading for the waters edge. This brings on panic as I flick off my flip-flops whilst yanking up my maxi, boho-chic dress and follow him into the shallows of the lake. The longhaired golden retriever happily swam on and on, right into the middle before coming back having heard its owner calling out for it. I only wish Charlie was half as obedient because he clearly does not do what I tell him, when I tell him. I do not think doggy treats is going to help in his situation. Only now, Charlies socks and trainers are soaked through and it was a good job he had short shorts on or this could have meant that we would be heading home sooner than intended, not long after we had arrived here.
I look around to see who owns the damn dog that so fascinates Charlie that he is willing to drown himself for it. It is none other than Simon Shaw otherwise known as bicycle bloke; I might have bloody guessed that much. I stomp up to him and snottily tell him off you know you shouldnt let your dog off the lead in a public place.
Why, hes not a danger to anyone? Do you want to borrow this for your child? He seems to need one more than my dog. He holds the lead towards me. I dont bother to reply as I turn on my heel and go to storm off whilst holding a firm grip on Charlies hand, but because he doesnt want to leave the dog. He digs his heels in and stubbornly refuses to budge and when I tug harder to move him along, as the legs go to jelly and collapse on the ground in a heap. (I am talking Charlies of course and not Simon or mine for that matter.) As I drag him along the track for a while before realising that people are beginning to stare at my obvious cruelty, when I stop and plonk down on the nearest bench. Luckily, Simon had walked away with the dog, so Charlie finally relented and willingly rose to his feet of his own accord. Seriously, I did not realise that a small child could be such a dead weight to carry around when he wants to be.
In a bid to be sun safe, I try to rub some cream onto his face and he does not like it, one little bit for Charlie is squirming around and will not stay still for a second. It would be easier putting it on that dog; at least it sits when you tell it to while it begs silently for food, not whining on and on about ice creams when there is clearly no outlet for one here. Charlie refuses my bottled water having finished off his own carton of fruit juice. Indeed I worry about him becoming, dehydrated but Charlie does not understand me and I do not understand how people enjoy looking after kids when the stress of trying to get through to them that what you are doing is for their own good. I give up.
Then theres the drama of the public toilets to contend with for just like last time at the one by the community centre, Charlie still wont pee in the ladies with me and wants to go into the mens instead as is usually the case these days. This is dj vu all over again as I think back to the summer parade. I obviously cannot do it without being, arrested as I notice a uniformed officer of the law nipping in and checking the place out (probably for drug users, male prostitutes or Peter Files friends). I cannot even kick up a stink about any bloke that exposes their dick to me, because they have to get it out just to use the facilities and probably mean nothing wrong by doing so. While I cannot possibly send Charlie in there alone as I have stated before because it could be a perverts paradise for all I know. As I decide that, the best option is to drag him behind a bush and we will take it in turns to take a leak. I have never peed behind a bush in all my drunken life and now  I find that I have no choice in the matter for I have to go when I have to go  being pregnant and all.
It came out of nowhere, when that damn dog started sniffing around my exposed derriere and its wet nose did give me such a fright that I jumped up and nearly pissed down my own leg. All I have to say to that is thank God I have one last travel wipe as I grab it out of my bag. So there I am with my dress hiked up and my knickers down when I hear a twig snap and I suspect that it is only that dog again. Well I will not be, surprised by him this time. For I automatically turn my head towards the sound and there stands Simon Shaw, he is looking for his dog. Charlie meanwhile is busy stroking the mutt whilst he is having a number two (meaning the toddler and not the animal).
I hope youre going to clean that up. I would get fined if my dog did that and I didnt remove it, said Simon.
Of course I am . . . but I dont need an audience to do it, thank you very much, I replied as I pulled up my knickers whilst grabbing at the spent wipe on the ground in order to do the job, just as Simon and his dog left us to go in the opposite direction.
We make our way around the vast park, looking for the doggie doo-doo bin as Charlie calls it because I didnt want to put the pooh in just any old waste disposal unit but one specifically designed for the purpose. It resides by the entrance/exit of all places because I had not even noticed it when we had arrived here earlier on. The person who used it before me must have had a leak in their carrier bag, since the stench is horrific and the flies around it are enough to make me honk never mind anything else. Especially, when I see that someone has missed the idea altogether and posted a turd wrapped in a leaf through the slot, only for it to be smeared over the push door opening of the bin. There is not a leave around here big enough for me not to have to touch it. Until that is, I spot a newspaper lying on a nearby bench so I sneak over while the man is seeing to his baby in the pram and nick a page (he wont miss the problem page/horoscopes I think to myself and dont feel an ounce of guilt in the process).
We finally end up at the play area, which has many other kiddies for Charlie to play with. This gives me a well-earned break as I settle down on the bench, which houses an open picnic bag that has hardly been touched and left to rot in the heat along with another woman who is busy reading a rather thick historical fiction novel. I feel guilty now that I did not think to bring anything along with us for Charlie to eat, let alone a full buffet. Im tempted to sneak a couple of sandwiches before the ants get them but settle for nicking a small bunch of grapes instead  whilst hoping for them to be seedless because Charlie cant eat any other kind according to Kim and yes  my prayers are answered as I nibble a succulent one. I rush over to Charlie in the wooden playhouse and offer him the spoils of my unlawful gains. We hide inside and snack in silence.
Once finished I nip back to the vacant seat and Charlie picks up where he left off but it is not long before he has the bailiffs round as the bendy stick that he found is, taken off him and his house repossessed by the bank of children that have invaded his territory. He takes it all in his stride and heads off to the huge sandpit instead, where he settles down to build a castle of sorts. And I close my eyes, only for a few minutes seeing as the sun was frankly blinding them and heres me with no sunglasses because I always forget to bring them when I go out. I really must become more, organised for if it was not for Kim insisting on Charlie wearing his red cap with the flap at the back to protect his neck and taking factor 60 sun-creams with us. Well, poor fair-skinned Charlie would be toast by now. Speaking of, by now, well guess what. I have not had a full cigarette since I found out I was pregnant, who would have fathomed that. Only something strange has happened to my body, since it no longer craves the nicotine like it used to and frankly finds it a bit repugnant if I am honest. The giving up malarkey is turning out to be far easier than I had ever imagined it would be. Mind you, how long will it last?
I suddenly open my eyes with a startle having heard a girly high-pitched scream pierce my eardrums and nearly make them bleed into the bargain. God I hope I have a boy and do not have to put up with anything like that noise in the future. There is a little girl dressed from head to toe in pink ruffles and rubbing her eyes, just as more loud wails came from her small lungs. I cant believe my own eyes as I witness Charlie (well the back of him anyhow) picking up another handful of sand and throwing it straight into her face, probably for the third time judging by the amount of grains caked onto her sun creamed skin. So I jump up and hastily grab Charlie by the hand and then  I apologise to the girls mother who came running over in heels which isnt an easy thing to do on sand as she wobbled about rather unsteadily  when her spikes sunk into the soft and shifting ground. Only, her swaying action is making me feel slightly seasick so I start to feel nauseous. God I hate being pregnant already if this is what I have to look forward to for the next few months.
We leave straight away as I am still grabbing onto his hand but I cannot even bear to look him in the eye, for I am so disappointed in his naughty behaviour that I repeatedly tell him this as we make our way along the streets. We walk past the ice-cream shop and I point at it as we stop outside. Being that I had planned on taking Charlie to it as a treat on the way home well you can forget that right now for a start, I scold him and also relay that I will be informing his parents about the sand throwing incident, mark my words for he could have blinded that poor girl. And once back at Kims  I throw down my bag and whip off his red cap because I know that my friend doesnt like people wearing hats inside  while she thinks its bad luck like the same as opening an umbrella or something.
Who are you? I ask whilst suddenly being taken aback.
Are you . . . new nanny? The little redheaded boy asked. He is practically wearing identical clothes to Charlie and seemingly not in the least bit bothered by me (a complete stranger who has just abducted him from the park) as he eyes up Charlies farm set.
Oh my God . . . Christ, didnt your parents warn you about stranger danger, obviously not, I said whilst grabbing the orange tractor and giving it to him by way of compensation for any concern, I may have caused him. Caused him, I do not think so as he makes himself right at home straight away and settles down to play with Charlies stuff and finish off the packet of chocolate buttons.
It is me all of a sudden who is feeling the heat and is ready to faint with stress any moment now. I cannot believe that I am forgetful enough to leave Charlie in the park all alone and bring this child here instead. I must get back there immediately and hope that a) nothing has happened to Charlie and b) nobody has noticed my stupid mistake if you can even call it that. Oh great, that is all I need as I hear Kims car put up on to the drive. She is bound to realise that I have swapped her son, what mother would not. I slam-dunk the hat back on his head to hide the fact that her sons hair has changed from blond to red and thankfully, the little boy is facing the other way as Kim walks through the door. Youre here already, I didnt expect you two back for a while, says Kim and pointing behind her as Adrian follows her in through the doorway and can this situation get any worse?
Err . . . Charlie and I was just heading back to the park. We only popped home for my sunglasses. I am busy willing this strange child not to turn around as I grab my specs off the side table and wave the boys arm in order to say goodbye. I will never be, forgiven if anything happens to precious Charlie and I would not expect to be. God if you are listening, please help me pull this one off I beg of you.
Before you go . . . Charlie love, do you want an ice-lolly? Its so hot out there that Daddy and I are going to take a bath and have a lie down afterwards.
Its all right; were going to the ice-cream parlour on the way. And dont worry, well be gone long enough for you two to have some fun as well, I reply for their son while I take his hand. As they make their way up the stairs and it is a good job, they are too wrapped up in each other to take note that I have the wrong child by my side as we leave the premises. Jeez Im lucky to get away with that one but please dont count my blessing yet, for I have to swap them back without anyone reporting me and my unborn child is then taken away by the authorities because Ive already proven myself to be an unfit mother even before I become one. I do not have time to panic so I order a pulling-together-of-oneself to start right now and I will freak out later about it when alone.
I hastily bundle the mystery child into my car for it will be a lot quicker than walking all the way back with a toddler in tow. I fret about poor Charlie seeing as he might be getting upset about my whereabouts, having realised that Im nowhere to be seen and Im actually praying that someone hasnt taken him away just like I stole this sweet little boy. It just goes to show how easy it is for kids to be, abducted and I worry about the safety of my own child when theres people like me around. Even though, it is not even born yet. Hold on I have done nothing intentionally wrong here and it is just, a silly mistake that can happen to anyone. I start to pray aloud that I will never drop another F-Bomb if this goes smoothly and to plan. What plan? I do not have a plan; only criminals have plans that involve trafficking kids that do not belong to them. I am starting to seriously panic now, especially when I cant drive fast enough because Im in a built-up area that has a speed limit of a snails pace because we are around a bloody childrens school after all (thats not even open today I might add so what does it matter if I go twice that number).
As we approach the play area, I notice a red cap bobbing about and heading back inside the playhouse. The little boy who accompanies me is also wearing a red cap, a strikingly similar tee-shirt and navy-blue shorts as he simply strides off to rejoin his nanny  whos sat on a nearby bench and chatting to someone on her mobile phone  blissfully unaware of the drama that could have unfolded if I wasnt so quick to return. I wander over and crawl inside the playhouse to join Charlie, where I give him a big hug for being such a good boy. He does not even know how glad I am that he is, perfectly fine and did not even miss me whilst I was gone. It is surely time for us to leave this place and I am so relieved to find that Charlie came to no harm that not only do I splash out for ice creams, but also a brand-new tractor with working headlights is called for. I did not mention this little episode to Kim seeing as I did not want her to think me incapable of looking after children, especially hers as I would never have heard the last of it.
The following week I cannot believe my luck  when who should be standing on the doorstep of one of the houses behind our street than that shady character himself  otherwise known as Larry. I was driving home from work when I had spotted him and this time he is not getting away with ripping anymore of my neighbours off. I screech my tyres to a halt and leap out of my vehicle that had been, hastily parked at an angle just like some telly cop about to give chase. Only, I was no so energetic that I would slide across the bonnet and leap over the roofs of other cars in my condition. And I always wondered why the cops in those shows shout police from about a mile away instead of sneaking up quietly on the dude and grabbing him before announcing who they are, its like theyre giving the bad guy time to run away and then they have to leg it after him. Sometimes they catch him and sometimes they do not. Surely, they are not this dumb in real life, are they?
I calmly and quietly sneaked right up to Larry and spun him around in mid story, just as the young man was talking to the middle-aged woman of the house. She was wearing gardening gloves and looking totally confused by my actions, as did Larry for that sake. I know your game, Sonny Jim and youre not going to fool anyone around here anymore with your play acting . . . Ill see to that right now, I said loudly whilst literally dragging him by the scruff of his collar into the middle of the street.
I am shorry . . . I do not understand. My names not, Jim . . . its, Larry, he slurred, while desperately looking around for someone to come to his aid and protect him from this mad woman.
Who are you? Are you one of those dissatisfied customers or something? the woman asked as she left her front door wide open and followed us out onto the road.
I didnt answer her, instead I shouted out to the other householders come and join us in the ritual humiliation of a con man, who is trying to rip off the money that you lot think in good faith is going to charity. It was not long before a small crowd had quickly gathered around us and I could see the shame of fear well up in Larrys eyes as he looked like he was about to cry. I grabbed his bum-bag, which contained his takings and handed it out to the masses by way of compensating them for their trust in this lad. The kids, well I told them do not spend it on sweets that rot your teeth . . . otherwise you will have to pay a visit to Mr Bridgewater the evil dentist and he will hurt you. I shuddered, just to make my point. I felt like a modern day Robin Hood as I robbed the evil (rich by charity standards) young man in the making in order to give back to the poor sods that had been, taken for a ride by him.
What the hell are you doing? A man came running over towards us and pushed his way through the crowd towards Larry.
This guy is an impostor, an actor whos pretending to be disabled so you feel sorry for him and buy his useless stuff for charity. But theres nothing wrong with him . . . see, I said, whilst grabbing his bent wrist and raising it above his head in trying to straighten it.
Stop that . . . youll hurt him. Larry, are you all right? I can believe this woman is victimising you in this way in public and for all your information, Larry is not acting . . . he really has this condition and this is a genuine registered charity, the mystery man explained whilst hugging an obviously shocked Larry to him.
I dont believe you. It was in the papers about some bogus con man. I should call the cops; let them decide whos telling the truth.
Dont bother threatening to do it; Ill be calling them anyway if you dont return the money that you stole off Larry. Then  he showed me his charity worker credentials  whilst I checked out the number that verified his status from a well-known organisation with a password to phone through if in doubt. I cant hate myself anymore than I do all ready and I cant be more dumb than Ive already proven myself to be in front of these good people. I faced the situation and publicly apologised to Larry and then, everyone suddenly disappeared when it came time to repay the cash back. I was left mortified.
I was born this way . . . whats your excuse? pipes up Larry and I nod my head to agree with him. After which, I ended up begrudgingly writing a large cheque for charity and I guess it was my own fault for jumping to the wrong conclusions as usual. I started to think that maybe that should have been, spent on my babys pram or something of that ilk. I really must be more careful in future about how money seems to fall through my fingers quicker than running water. It was yet another thing to add to my being useless at list.



Chapter 18


What am I doing? I very nearly knocked back my complimentary champagne in one gulp and I guess old habits really do die-hard. I swapped it for some sparkling water instead. I am standing in the side room of the former Victorian warehouse, which nowadays has an arty modern interior and being part of the fancy premises that Dale has booked for the engagement party. I think the slogan for their advertising said something about the hotel being mature enough to be wise on the outside but very young at heart on the inside, I know and they actually paid someone to come up with that. Anyhow  Valerie is beside herself with glee seeing as she did not know quite what to expect  for her fianc insisted on keeping it all a surprise from her. However, I do know that she is pleased with the results as we make a toast to the happy couple, but with the noticeable absence of Dales side of the family. This becomes blatantly apparent when he makes a feeble excuse of them being out of the country whilst failing miserably to elaborate on it (and I do like a bit of family gossip if it is on offer but in this case, it plainly was not).
I was planning to wear my best frock again, having had it dry-cleaned after The Royal Treatment celebratory dinner. Then I found out about the theme for this party and that sort of put a kibosh on that idea. I will be lucky to get my wear out of it now that I am going to be expanding beyond, belief in the coming months. The theme for this shindig that is being held in the massive ballroom is all Hollywood by way of movie characters, because Dale is something of a film buff. He tells us that watching DVDs is not good enough for him, since he insists that the only way to see a movie is on the big screen. I think that that is only true for big budget action flicks with lots of special effects, but not for romantic comedies and such. In that, what can be more romantic than being surrounded by candlelight and having the beverages/snacks of your choice (without getting ripped off with extortionate prices) whilst cuddling up under a furry blanket with your guy to watch one and feeling all gushy inside afterwards at the happy ending? If the mood takes you  then you can call it an early night and you cannot do that surrounded by a bunch of strangers  who are telling you to keep the noise down and get a room.
I mean take for example the last movie that I watched with Adam, you still get the sentiment of the guy whod sold everything he ever owned even the clothes off his back just to buy his perfect girl, the perfect ring. Only to have him semi-naked and kneeling down on one knee to propose to her, in the pouring rain in the middle of Times Square with the words MARRY ME? shinning out from the big advertising screen. It sure gave Adam some ideas but I hardly think anything is lost watching that movie on the small screen. Mind you, I couldnt imagine Dale doing that  for he didnt even buy Valerie a ring to start with and they wont be getting those tattoos until they get hitched  to which a date still hasnt been set so God only knows when thatll be.
I have to say though; the party planner called Coral Dickson has done a splendid job on the dcor. It still has me wondering if it is that old girlfriend of mine from college/flatmate days or is it just another person with the same name. We had arrived out of the limos and there was a red carpet waiting to greet us, with out of work actors who were being, paid to pose as paparazzi photographers and fans who had screamed out for us to sign autographs and get our picture taken. I did not bother to stand there for long in my Cruella De Vil fancy-dress costume that I had made myself just to save a few bucks. Where I had taken a black and white wig from work (I meant borrowed, they will get it back afterwards) and wore a full-length black dress with heels that Kim lent me (I might forget to give them back until she asks for them). Along with Valeries long satin gloves together with an elegant cigarette holder for this belongs to Alison (which is very weird because she has never smoked). In the past  I would have made this instrument seem akin to a thin chimney with the amount of smoke that had passed through it but not today  for I just do not feel like it which must be the hormones or so they keep telling me.
Kim is looking radiant as usual in her Princess Leia outfit complete with the wig that looks like two, burnt currant buns stuck on the sides of her head. Adrian accompanies Kim as Captain Kirk off the Star Trek franchise and I never had him down as one of those nerds, until he tells me Ive been known to go to one or two conventions in the past.
Rather you than me. I dont like sci-fi stuff, I like reality.
Well youre going to get plenty of that, now that youre with child.
I cant believe you told him. I throw my voice in Kims direction.
I tell him everything, is that not what being in a relationship means?
I suppose so. Is Charlie with your mum for the whole night?
You bet, so we can not only let our hair down but get it curled as well.
Speak for yourself, wont you, I retort, whilst thinking about my own frizz ball.
I was, she replied and grabbed another glass of champagne off a passing tray.
The happy couple of the moment came dressed as fitting characters from their childhood movies of choice. So Dale is the masked Zorro, which seems like a fitting disguise for someone who doesnt seem to want to get his photo taken with his fiance as he flits about from guest to guest in a bid to avoid it. Valerie is Dorothy from The Wizard of Oz; I must say I am jealous for I have always wanted a pair of sparkly red shoes. Yes, I know theyd probably look ridicules on me but the movie had that much of an effect on me and its probably something to do with not having your own mother around to take care of you (just like Dorothy for she lived with her aunt and uncle). I look around this vast room and it has large Oscar statues standing proud with Hollywood Stars type of stickers stuck to the pathway floor. There are filmstrip whirls hanging down to accompany the gold and silver, star shaped balloons that dangled everywhere. The walls are all, adorned with classic movie posters and movie star cutouts and the round tables had a clapperboard with fake champagne bottle centrepiece, which looked like it was realistically frothing over. It made me thirsty just admiring it.
There is a camera track running beside the small stage that overlooks the massive dance floor and various heavy spotlights were dotted about, along with some of those big old-fashioned cameras that you would find on bygone movie sets. I was looking forward to sitting in the directors chairs that were around the tables for I had been on my feet all day at the salon because lo and behold some of us have to actually, work on Saturdays. But I will have to wait a bit longer before Im to be seated it seems and if they dont hurry up, any minute now I will be raiding the antique looking popcorn machines that stand proud either side of the main room. As Im positively famished  for I was too busy today to even stop for a proper lunch break  having snuck down my neck nothing more than a cereal bar between clients and now Im seriously running on beyond empty.
I am standing around by myself and patiently waiting for the edible nibbles to head my way that I can see being, carried aloft on trays by the waiters and servers. I study the table layout planner that is, positioned by the entrance door to see where I will be sitting. The tables have, been named after the various genres of different types of movies. I am on the one, titled DISASTER but in all honesty; I would have preferred to be on any one of the others. Perhaps, the table marked HORROR, COMEDY, EPIC or even THRILLER to name but a few. That is because I have noticed the name seated next to me is Jed Black, my notorious blind date. I forgot he was a friend of a friend and that friend is Dale, who does not seem to have any real friends apart from people who work for him or are business acquaintances of his.
It occurs to me that I really wish Id brought a plus one now, even Alison would do the job of stopping me looking like a lonely old sad-sack and I wouldnt care if everyone thought Id turned lesbian overnight since I am off men for the time being anyhow. I see that Jed has brought a date when he approaches my way dressed as, actually, I am not sure who he is supposed to be. And I dont believe it, he is accompanied by the very woman that Id left him with at the restaurant but I thought she had a boyfriend who had ended up thumping him for chatting up his girl; shes is alluring and very sexily dressed as Catwoman as she wanders over to congratulate the happy couple. This in turn makes me feel like a right frump in my fake, black and white fur coat that is making me so hot that I might melt into a puddle on the ground any minute now. And if I did  I dont think anyone would notice but they might ask the staff to mop me up and put me in a taxi so that I can head home to bed  which is really where Id prefer to be to be truthful.
Did I mention that the coat did not come with the rest of the borrowed outfit? It was in fact my own mothers  being that it was one of the items that shed left behind and my dad insisted that I wore it  just to look the part. I hate fancy-dress parties. Why could they not just have a normal one with eveningwear? Because then I could have worn my best dress and I know that I have moaned already about this so that is the last time, I swear. Hello, Jed . . . nice to see you again. You look great in that getup, I say, then hope that he knows its not some strange woman talking to him and that he can see that its me, seeing as he doesnt seem to be wearing his Mr Magoo specs (and thats who he should have come as). I soon realise that he has contacts in instead so everything is as clear as mud, when his face falls on recognition of the woman in the big fur coat.
Oh thank you . . . you too, Cruella. That seems like a fitting costume for your personality, when you leave me blind in a restaurant to not only pay the bill for the food and drink that you consumed, but surely you must have noticed the no-parking sign. Jed was still, clearly miffed by my actions on that night that we got together. I should have known things would go downhill from the moment that I was locked out of the house (the omens were obviously trying to tell me that one disaster usually leads to another). No wonder they put us together on the same table, we are both walking wounded as far as life is concerned.
I can tell that youre a little annoyed with me and who can blame you, when you put it like that . . . but lets put bygones in the past for were here to celebrate after all, I said and then sip on my sparkling water.
I heard that youre pregnant. I wouldnt put it past you to try and blame me for that too, because were the only two people who know the whole truth.
Bad news travels fast around here. And what kind of girl do you take me for? I retort and shudder at the thought of kissing him never mind anything else that could actually lead to a baby.
Youre the type that would pretend to like a guy and then dump him in the middle of a date. Who does that?
Christ, will you just let it be and move on.
Oh dont worry; I did, the moment you left me.
Hi! Dont I know you from somewhere? asks his current girlfriend, having popped up by Jeds side out of nowhere.
This is Amber Greene . . . she is a friend of a friend, Jed piped up before I could answer for myself.
Actually, Im the bitch date that left him in the restaurant the night you two met, I hissed at Catwoman.
Right well, see you around the table I suppose, replied Jed and turning to grab his girlfriends arm to guide her away from me before something happened to spoil their night, because I have that kind of reputation that proceeds me.
Oh, just before you go. Who the hell, are you? If you dont tell me, itll be bugging me all-night, I asked. But I got no reply since he totally ignored my question and it seemed like it was on purpose (it must have been some sort of punishment) and then, he smiled so I thought he was about to let me know but he just simply walked off into the crowd of people instead. Men eh, they take such delight in annoying us when they say that women are revengeful. I was not to be, outdone so I grabbed a passing Dale and asked him outright whos Jed supposed to be? I really needed to know for that is how tedious my mind is and things like that matter to me.
The host of the party wasnt much help for he had trouble remembering who Jed was full stop, never mind, what movie character hes supposed to be as he changed the subject and asked me wheres Val?
Oh, I saw her nipping to the loo. Shell be back in a minute, I replied as he nodded and wandered off to wait outside the ladies bogs for her. I on the other hand decided that I did know Jeds true character and he was not going to let me forget about our disastrous date. I could not take being, saddled with him sitting next to me all evening and all loved-up with his new girlfriend just to remind me of what I had with Adam. So I swapped my name on the seating board plan with somebody elses, since Id heard through the gossipy grapevine of a toilet queue that all the single people were on the table marked CULT.
It is you, isnt it? Well, I thought as much when I heard your name, I said to Coral Dickson in her Jessie outfit (from those Toy Story movies) as she stopped temporarily from making sure that everything was just perfect for the happy couple and that the catering staff were doing their business in a professional manner.
Good evening, Amber. I hope you enjoy the party. Sorry to hear about you being homeless and pregnant but to be honest, Im not surprised because I figured that was what would happen to you, eventually, she replied and smirked and I cannot remember why I was friends with her in the first place.
Well, I assumed that you would end up doing party favours but I didnt think that it would stop at the bedroom door, if Im to tell the truth too.
Like I said, enjoy your evening because I dont suspect that youll get too many in the future . . . bye. Before I could come back with another word, she had blended into the background and frankly, that is where she belongs.
When it came time to take to our tables, I was looking forward to sitting next to Phil, Drew and Perry and perhaps indulging in a healthy amount of flirting to make my night just that little bit more special. I had figured that once I start to show, well I cannot see many blokes wanting to dance, can you. You never know, maybe one of them might be more handsome or amusing than Jed at least. There are people dressed as mens characters either side of me but at the same time, no actual men to be, found on my table and I am stuck between Philomena and Drew who have clearly clicked already in the love department. I wonder if the rest of them are lesbians too and now everyone will definitely have me down as one of them, not that Ive anything against what consenting grownups get up to behind closed doors and as long as they dont rub my face in it (God that sounds a bit vulgar, doesnt it).
Youre one of Valeries best friends, arent you? Phil asked me while not really looking at me but rather past me into Drews eyes.
Yes, I am . . . my name is, Amber Greene. I awkwardly held out my hand for her to shake and not that I didnt want to touch her but because my bag strap was wrapped around my extending wrist and preventing me from freely latching on to hers, only, it kind of looked that way.
Why, youre rather good-looking underneath that getup. If you dont mind me saying so, said Drew or should I state Charlie Chaplin as she turned her attention towards me.
Im pregnant! I announced by way of a feeble explanation of not being gay.
Oh, did you use a turkey-baster? . . . Ive heard that it can be a very reliable method, enquired Phil with a glint in her Elvis eye.
Ill have you know that I used a very old fashioned method indeed and its called a man, because I am not gay, I say it loud enough to be heard on the next table, from where I heard a big snort that came from Jed in jest.
I have said it before and I will say it again, why do some men always think that you are gay if you do not want to sleep with them? It is as if they are some sort of sexual Godlike beings that cannot possibly be, denied or you will burn in lesbian hell forever more if they have their way. I really do give-up this time as from now  all men are bastards  well apart from my dad of course and Adrian who seems to have finally turned into a real man worth knowing when I see him with his son. As for Dale well he is, confined to being in my list as one to watch (as I am still not so sure about him) for I always get a funny feeling whenever he is with Valerie. And no  Im not jealous and dont fancy him for myself but I think he is definitely hiding something from her and certainly side-tracked by whatever is on his mind  only I cant put my finger on it.
It is at this moment that I decide to change seats yet again and the music hadnt even started yet for musical chairs to begin at this lame childish party, for most of us are dressed as characters from kids movies. I swap with Drew so she can sit next to Phil, for they obviously want to be together. And I smile at the Marilyn Monroe character (Perry), who pouts suggestively at me when I plonk down next to her (thats only her act, right and she doesnt want me or anything of that nature). As I look around the table, it reminds me of that question about who would be your dream dinner party guests, for I am positive that this could surely pass for somebodys fantasy. I ask Marilyn who do you think that bloke over there is? I am talking about Jed of course because it is still bugging me.
I dont have any idea. Why, do you fancy him?
God no, been on one date and that was enough to last the rest of my love life thanks. It was at this stage that I enrol the rest of my table in the guessing game and no one seems to know who Jed is supposed to be either.
I told you it would bug the hell out of me seeing as I even ask the server, who brings us our first course. As I realise that not only are we, staring over at their table and finger pointing with tittle-tattle but vice-versa. So I surmise that them lot definitely think that I am a lesbian because what else do they have to talk about. And once Id started tucking in, I suddenly forget all about Jed and his mystery character for I loved the broad bean pate starter and I dont normally like broad beans because they remind me of junior school science class when we were growing them and I ate one for a dare but it was yucky. This, this was yummy if a little on the small side so I ate the micro salad garnish too just to satisfy my greedy gums. The main course arrived next and I was given a vegetable chilli which was a bit sloppy but hey, I am not paying so what do I care as long as it is edible. I had already nearly finished mine by the time Drew got her medallion of beef and then, she complained bitterly that she is vegetarian so she should have had the same as I had requested.
Hold on, I didnt order the vegetable chilli. It just came and I ate it, I said whilst shovelling the last mouthful into my mouth, as I always like to leave a clean plate if I can out of respect for the chef. Well that is what my old dad insisted on whenever he made me dinner.
That means that you got my meal and I got yours. And thats probably because we swapped seats, well, I cant eat this meat, said Drew as she pushed it forward and went off in search of someone in charge to complain to.
So there I was surrounded by a bunch of veggies and Im not just talking about the food but to be honest, I was also busy salivating whilst practically gnawing at my own knuckles for I still feel so hungry like my stomach had developed a bottomless pit all of a sudden. I looked at the meat sitting there on the plate next to me and looking all neglected and unappreciated. I swear I heard it say, eat me and put me out of my misery. This found me grabbing at the plate and pushing my own in front of the vacant seat that was by my side. Then I ate the gorgeous melt-in-the-mouth, bite size pieces that I had carved so longingly and lovingly. I really enjoyed that no end and was pretty sure in my bloated stomach that I wouldnt find room for pudding at this rate, but never say never I say.
Drew turned up again with a mushroom risotto to hand whos eaten my beef medallion that Im swapping with somebody else for this? It turns out that the person is on a diet, hence the first choice but what the hell; it is a celebration so they had thought it best to live a little for once.
I could not very well lie because there were too many witnesses around my table, so I owned up it was me. After all, it was supposed to be my meal. I pointed out this in a bid to escape punishment. By then, Drew had spun around and rushed off to give the risotto back since she did not have something to swap for it. I felt guilty so I assured Phil to tell Drew Ill go to the kitchen and personally retrieve a mushroom risotto for her so shes not to fret.
I wandered around and finally found the right door that swung both ways, story of my night so far really. As I entered with my fake doggie coat flapping open in my sturdy stride for I was on a mission of mercy, which was mostly of my own doing and I did not want to upset anyone, especially tonight and spoil Valeries party. No, I was on my best behaviour and I was determined to keep it that way. Everyone seems like right little busy worker bees in here and I really dont want to disturb them, as I quietly walk up to the huge pot of risotto and the damn thing is practically empty apart from some scrapings of dried rice stuck on the bottom that nobody would eat.
So I end up having to bribe a trainee chef to cook me some more, whilst I nearly faint from the heat in the hothouse kitchen. I certainly cannot stand it any longer when I vacate the room with a brand-new plate of the stuff and go back into the air-conditioned main hall to retake my seat while my coat looks slightly wilted in the aftermath. Only to find that Drew is already tucking into a mushroom risotto that one of the servers brought her from somewhere else. I cannot believe it  I have just forked out for an unwanted meal out of my own dwindling pockets and now  I feel sick to boot. Can this night get any worse for me? Yes, it can apparently because Jed arrives at our table and announces weve been having a discussion about you.
I hope you put them straight and told them that Im not a lesbian.
It wasnt that and what do I care if you are. You still treated me badly.
Oh get over it for Christs sake, will you?
There was nothing to get over since you dont mean a thing to me. I see you are having one of your blonde moments. My table chums and I, have decided that that coat of yours is not fake but made of what I believe is fur from a black and white Colobus monkey or monkeys, because it would take a fair few to make that, he says. While he feels the fluffy material covering my arm before nodding back to his girlfriend, who is on the phone as we speak.
What are you going on about? What is a Colobus monkey when it is at home? This is a faux fur and it belonged to my mother, if you must know.
My God, youre wearing dead animals at a vegan table at a vegans party, shouted Phil and standing up to come at me and somehow, rescue the coat off my back like that would help the poor mammals and bring them back to life. As everybody looks at me like I am literally the worst of the worst. Even Kim and Valerie cannot fathom that I would stoop that low and they have witnessed some things over the years let me tell you.
Now, I love our closest relatives as much as the next person and would never see them harmed in any way but I swear on my unborn babys life, I didnt know that this thing was real. Do you think I would have worn it if I did?
Well you can tell that to the cops because theyre on their way. It is illegal to skin them and wear their fur you know, I even think they are on the endangered list with the panda. Like I said the name suits you, Cruella, replies Jed and looking pleased, with himself for getting me back. Only did he have to bring pandas into this because look at the trouble I got into the last time one of those was supposed to be, painted on my face but was not.
Everyone looks genuinely horrified and to be honest, I am too at this revelation. After which, I call out to Jed as he turns his back to me in an effort to meander through the chairs on his way to his girlfriends side once more before you go, I think Ive worked out who it is that youre supposed to be. Youre, Dick Tracy arent you?
Yeah, you finally got it. Do you want a medal?
No thanks, but Ill tell you something . . . you got the dick part right about your character. I smiled and sat down while waiting for the police to show up seeing as the way the others are all looking at me then I will be the one that will be, skinned alive if I try to leave beforehand. However, I do notice that as soon as Dale found out that the coppers were arriving, he had absconded out the back entrance and stressing that he had an emergency at the closed coffee shop to attend to at once. What could be more important than your own engagement party could? It was as if he does not want the authorities to question him, even about my coat. My God, is he on the run from the law?
There she is, officer. We think the fur coat is made from an endangered animal, it might even be a gorilla, says Coral Dickson as she guides a couple of coppers over towards me.
Who asked for your opinion on the subject and besides, how many gorillas are black and white? I said in a bid to defend myself.
Actually, I think youll find that the big male silverback matches those colours perfectly, pipes up Jed from his table.
OK, fine. I will give you that. But they have short hair, not long so Im sure youre barking up the wrong tree with all this, I reply and sit down again to sulk that nobody believes me, as they all cast evil looks in my direction.
In the end I gave a statement while my fur coat was, confiscated by the police. I did not even get to dance to the movie soundtracks that played out after the dinner because I spent the rest of the evening in the loos either, feeling ill or vomiting. What is with the constant hunger then bingeing and being sick malarkey, am I just pregnant or bulimic too since they seem similar to me right now. Everyone else seemed to enjoy the party, including Valerie at having been reunited with Dale when hed returned to tell her that the mystery smoke which could have led to a fire was only steam from a pot that had been left on. Again  this sounded a bit lame to me but I had done enough to interrupt their night so I made my excuses and headed home by myself  whilst feeling a little cold and I do not just mean from being without the fur coat.



Chapter 19


Talk about the party season being in full swing, well this is hardly what I had in mind when that particular phrase is bandied about. Here I am going blue in the face, about to pass out any minute now because the tank that Kim got off a friend in work has only gone and run out of gas with half of the balloons still to blow-up. Where is Coral Dickson when you need her? Only kidding I mean how hard can it be to throw a simple childrens birthday barbeque bash in the garden on a beautiful sunny afternoon. No party planner or event organiser need apply here for the job that is for sure. We do not want your extortionate prices or your interfering ways thank you very much, we can do it all by ourselves.
Is that burning I smell or do I have a brain tumour? asks Adrian. Hes pinning up the balloons on the wooden fence with a staple gun and normally, I would never wish this on anyone but I hope its the latter (and being totally benign of course) because thats the birthday cake hes on about and I was in charge of making sure that it didnt turn from golden brown to decaying black.
Oh no, look at it. We cant serve that to anyone, says Kim and sinking into a chair with her face in her hands as I cower in the corner of the room.
I told you we should have just got a shop bought one or even had one made by the local bakery because anything would be better than this, said Adrian and he is not being very helpful because this only reminds us of our shortcomings.
But we wanted to make it truly special for Charlie by making him his favourite chocolate cake and decorating it ourselves. Not have some stranger do it, who does not even know him. How special is that? says Kim.
Do not worry theres still plenty of time to bake another one, pipes up Adrian and looking at the clock on the kitchen wall.
We dont have any eggs left and theres still so much to do before everyone arrives, replies Kim and standing up to grab her car keys because a trip to the supermarket is the last thing she needs right now.
Tell you what, since it was my fault that the cake burnt. Ill go, I insist and make my way towards the door whilst adding is there anything else you want while Im there?
More wine, replies Kim and going back to her task of filling up the party bags with sweet treats, glitter crayons and glow-in-the-dark stickers plus a book and mini torch.
They start drinking early around here then, I say in jest to lighten the mood.
Its not for the three year olds; its for the adults that are coming and me. By the end of this . . . I intend to get very relaxed because frankly, I have earned it. But what a shame, you wont be able to join me.
Youre enjoying this, arent you? Drinking in front of me and knowing that I long to partake . . . you are just being mean.
I know and it feels great. You seem to have forgotten all about teasing me when I went through this, but I havent and Im going to get a kick out of seeing you suffer.
Exactly, thats why youll not be at the birth.
Does that mean that youve told Adam . . . and hell be there instead?
No, and I do not intend to. So please do not mention his name again. Ive got enough to cope with.
I know, listen, I am always here if you need me. Any questions or worries you may have about your pregnancy, then you should know that you can rely on me to find someone else to answer them for you, dont you? says Kim with a smirk and stops what shes doing for a moment to pull me in for a reassuring hug.
Hey, we havent got time for sentiments. There are still tons of things to do and I could do with a hand to put the birthday banners up, shouts Adrian from the garden and we part so that Kim can help him while I go to the supermarket.
I step outside the front door onto the step and waver in my task, all because I get a strong craving for a cigarette which I try to ignore but it wins so I cave-in and its the first one in ages that Ive felt like having. I know that I should not with baby being on board and everything, whilst I puff away with a severe blowing action rather than inhaling as best I can. Look  I am trying all right and if I fail miserably then I have nobody to blame but me for being thoroughly weak willed and there  I admit it. My doubters must be happy now that I am turning into a crap mother already, just like my own one. Anyhow, I become overwhelmed with guilt at damaging the foetus so I stub it out on the brick wall and toss the butt over to next doors driveway. That way I will not get the blame for littering Kims path as I did last time.
A colourful van full of stickers that advertise the blow-up bouncy castle company suddenly pulls up outside and completely blocks my exit and now, I will have to wait for him to move so that I can get off the drive. He does not; instead, he jumps out and asks is this the house where the partys being held?
Err, the balloons and sign on the door saying, Party sort of gives the game away. Dont you think? I retort and get out my key in order to let them carry the stuff through the house and set it up in the back garden. I hope that air machine thing does not break down because I ran out of puff blowing up the balloons never mind keeping a whole, bouncy castle upright. Besides, I do not have a clue what Kim has ordered for it might not even be a castle since the sign says that they do all sorts of fun stuff and you should check out the website for more details. Well I have not go time to find out as I ask one of the men will you do me a favour and move the van over so that I can get off the drive since I cannot wait for you lot to finish here?
Yeah . . . sure thing, lady, replies the guy in the cowboy hat and boots as I wonder if thats just a sort of party costume or does he always dress like that?
Anyway, I sped off and made it to the supermarket in record time seeing as there was hardly any traffic about today. Everyone must be wisely too busy enjoying the good weather to be cooped up in a car and stuck in a traffic jam, which normally happens. The managers beady eyes are upon me the minute I walk through the door and once again, I feel like Ive stolen something and I havent (not yet anyhow but if youre going to be accused of the crime then you may as well commit it as far as Im concerned). Perhaps he has a nose for weeding out the criminal types and I fit the bill, so maybe that is why he is following me around the place. Either that or he fancies the pants off me. I fear it is the former, so I had better be on my guard with my thieving little mitts and keep them in check.
Oh God forgive me for I know not what I do, strike that, I know exactly what I do but not why I do is the correct way of putting it. I have acquired a colourful hair clip from the stand, having put my hair up with it because I was too hot with my mane down all of a sudden. I swear it just happened and before I realised it, I had wandered off down the aisle to carry on with the plan to get the eggs and wine. While I also pop in the basket (just in case we have a repeat of the first disaster) a readymade birthday cake suitable for a little boy who likes superheroes (if he does not then he does now) whilst I hope to be out of here in next to no time at all. In the trance of the zombie shoppers, I stood in line and was slowly served before stepping outside the store and that is when I was set upon by the manager and his assistants. Youd think that Id just stolen the crown jewels the way they were going on, not some naff, cheap plastic thing that will probably break in two the minute I try to use it again.
Dont be so rough with me. Im pregnant, I said as they grab my arms and escort me back inside and into the main office.
You dont look very pregnant to me, replies the store manager and eyeing up the relatively flat belly in the tight jeans.
Im only in my first trimester so Im hardly showing, but if you want proof then get me one of those pee on pregnancy tests and Ill oblige you.
Thats not my concern. But you taking an item without paying for it are certainly my business.
You know I didnt even realise that I was wearing it. You know how pregnant women can often suffer from baby brain. I read about it in a magazine, its called Pregnesia and thats a scientific fact so its easily done.
Ive heard some lame excuses in my time young lady but that takes the biscuit. Im going to call the police, he replies and picking up the office phone.
Before you do that, I must warn you that I have a great barrister whos a shark when he smells blood as he goes right for the jugular. He will probably sue the arse off you and your store if anything were to happen to my baby because of all this stress that you have caused me. Do you really want a miscarriage on your hands and in the local press, think of ruined reputations?
No of course not, but I cannot just let you go because you feel like it was not really your fault.
Yes you can and Ill even say sorry and pay for the item if that helps? I asked as I was really trying my luck here.
All right, just this once but if you make a habit of it then I warn you now that I will have no other choice but to take it all the way next time. Do you understand me?
I do and do not worry it will not happen again, I say, meaning the getting caught bit.
Im still waiting for the apology and I will personally escort you to the till.
Oh yeah, err . . . sorry. See what I mean about being a bit scatty at the moment.
I get back home to the party and the van is gone so it is straight up the drive for me and I do not think I will let on about what kept me. I have never told my friends about the true extent of my shoplifting habits for it, is my little guilty secret that I intend to take to the grave with me. That is if I can avoid going to jail first because today was too close for call when it comes to me becoming exposed as a person of ill repute. I know that is how Adrian will see it since he is in law after all and I do not want him banning me from seeing his son in case I am a bad influence. Spending all this time with Charlie, well, we have grown close so I would not want that to occur. Only this is the least of todays problems for Charlie is happily bouncing around on what looks like, no, it cannot be. Oh thanks for the embarrassing spectacle by the way. I dont know how were going to explain this to the people that Ive invited from the nursery, says Kim as she walks up behind me.
What do you mean? I did not order it. I thought you did.
Yeah, Im really going to book that kind of giant inflatable bouncy castle for my sons third birthday party.
His eighteenth more like, pipes up Adrian and once again, this is not helping us to come to terms with what has happened.
It must be some sort of mix-up, but we dont know who to call because they just set it up while we were inside and then left saying that theyll pick it up later on around 9pm. So its going to be here all bloody day and half the night.
Well its not exactly unnoticeable, is it? What are you going to do? I asked as I bit my lip and it was not even my problem this time.
Is it too late to ring round and cancel the party? Kim answered the question with a question and looking at the two of us to solve the dilemma just as her mother arrives through the doorway.
What the hell is that thing? she asks and looking at it like it is an alien spaceship that just crashed through the atmosphere and landed at the end of the garden.
Its a bouncy castle, replies Adrian and starting up the gas barbeque.
I know what it is, but thats not what I ordered as a surprise, she says and sits down before she falls down in shock.
What can be more surprising than that for a kiddie party? expresses Valerie having also let herself in through the open door with Dale and overhearing the conversation.
Well at least I know whos to blame for all this. Give me the number and I will ring them and tell them to take it away. Hopefully before anyone else sees it, said Kim, grabbing her mothers phone in a bid to call the hire company to come back here immediately.
I am just glad that it was nothing to do with me for a change and I am as perplexed as anyone is as to why they would deliver a rude one here. I bet theres a stag do somewhere close by that has a toy train one instead. Boy, will they be disappointed by that, I said and stare at the bouncy castle as it wobbles with every jump and stamp of Charlies feet as he races around it. By the way, it is covered in boobies (one of Charlies favourite things I seem to recall so he is made-up even if nobody else is) which also has penis uprights to represent the columns and overhead beams that securely hold the whole structure together. Can it be anymore sexual and very inappropriate for a childs party? I think not.
Well thats just great news. It automatically goes to voicemail because theyre busy for the rest of the day and to leave a message and theyll get back to us first thing tomorrow morning, says Kim and looking thoroughly stressed at not being able to get the men to come and take this monstrosity away.
We could just switch the machine off and itll deflate, suggests Adrian and being sensible is one of his strong suits.
But look how happy the little guy is on it and Charlie will have a fit if we try and take it away from him now. Itll ruin the whole day, replies Kim and sighing loudly.
I have an idea but dont blame me if it doesnt work, all right, I said and go inside to grab as many black marker pens as I can find.
What are we supposed to do with them? asked Kims mum and taking the one that I had offered her off my outstretched hand.
Well . . . I was thinking that we could try and disguise the thing so that nobody knows but us, what it really looks like. Adrian and Dale can get that massive tarpaulin sheet out of the shed and secure it with string over the top to hide the heads of the penis columns and we will draw a pattern on the outside walls and front to make it appear like any other bouncy castle, I reply and handing out more pens.
Its a bit like joining up the dots, only theyre nipples instead, pipes up Valerie and totally, getting what I was on about and I am just glad that someone is.
In the end, we succeeded in hiding the real deal and I must admit that even I was sceptical that we could do this and actually get away with it at one point. Because frankly, if you stared hard enough at the pattern we drew on it then the boobies would still just pop out at you after a while like one of those 3D pictures. Nevertheless, if we keep the guests entertained and focused on us rather than watching their children bouncing around on the castle then we are in with a good chance I would say of pulling this off without offending anyone. Even when the old man and his missus from next-door turned up and I had to push his specs case out of sight behind the bowl of crisps so that he could not see properly. Since he was watching the kiddies and making a comment to his wife about it, Ill tell you what, that doesnt half look dangerous to me and itll be only a matter of time before someone gets hurt. If only he knew, in that, poor Adrian nearly had a mishap whilst climbing up to secure the tarpaulin to the top of it.
Ill have to thank you for the present. Im afraid my son is far too busy playing with his friends to do it himself, says Kim and we both know that Charlie would not thank them even if he were already playing with the pick-up truck.
Thats a good idea, putting that makeshift roof on it. I hear that the weather is changing quicker than forecasted, all because of stronger winds so that means the rain might make it here today rather than tomorrow, said the old guy to Kim. She nods in appreciation of their efforts at making conversation but secretly, she is probably wishing that he would shut up as he is surely tempting fate by saying it aloud.
Yeah, I do hope it holds off until the partys over at least. Please help yourself to some of the barbequed kebabs. That marinades delicious and if you dont fancy those, well theres lots of other delights on offer, replies Kim and turning away to leave them to it whilst she intended to herd the kiddies into some sort of line so that they can be fed with sausages and burgers in buns plus lots of sweet stuff galore.
Is that the manageress of the nursery in the Alice headband over there with some of the other parents? I asked Kim as she passed me by.
Yes it is, so please get over there and make small talk so that they dont feel left out and forced to congregate in the corner, by themselves. I want to make a good impression if Im going to get Charlie into their place and settled, so that I can concentrate at work without worrying about being a burden to my mother, said Kim. Whilst pushing me in their direction because she was attending to the kiddies so she could not do it for herself I suppose and even though I hate small talk, I do owe her big time and it is the least I can do.
Hello . . . Im, Amber . . . one of Kims best friends and I was ordered over here to make small talk with you. I bet you get a lot of that at work with the little ones so it is the last thing you probably want to happen, right? Get it? I laughed to break the ice and then realised that I was the only one doing so and that can often lead to an awkward moment, can it not.
We were just saying that weve never seen a bouncy castle like that one before and believe me, in my line of work well Ive seen them all, she replies and I just knew that all that pointing they were doing was not aimed at the children.
Yes, it is a bit unusual but very modern in design. In fact, it is a one of a kind and you have to pay extra cash for all the fancy doodles because that is what it is. It is a sculptural, working work of inflatable art. They might even put it in for an arty competition, you know like the famous shark in the fish tank and that messy bed scene that won a prestigious prize . . . I trail off. Whilst leaving her to think about any others that spring to mind for I could not seeing as I was obviously making this all up as I went along.
Which of these children is yours? she asked by way of changing the subject.
Oh, none of this lot running about here and about to fall over and scrape a knee. No, my child is safely tucked up in my stomach, I reply with a tap on it.
What are you going on about? I dont quite follow what youre saying.
Well I didnt mean that Ive swallowed one thats for sure, I say with a giggle and she does not, so I continue in my bid to make her at least grin you know this reminds me of that old joke. I love children but I couldnt eat a whole one!
Is that meant to be funny? It isnt, she replies and there is just no pleasing some people so I give-up.
Ah, its time for the birthday cake. I picked it you know. Charlie loves superheroes, I announce as Kim comes out the back patio door carrying the shop bought one because by the time we got the bouncy castle sorted, then there was simply no time left to bake anything.
Charlie comes over immediately when called because he too is curious to see what the cake looks like, just like everyone else. It has a candle in the shape of a number three ready for him to blow out and we all start singing the birthday song to him. He seems to like it and does not even attempt to extinguish the candle but instead, he just stares at the lit flame and becomes mesmerised by its flicker. After a second round of the birthday song and with lots more encouragement to do the deed before the candle wax melts all over the cake. Kim does the honours for him and I recognise that scowl, he does not like the candle going out and he doesnt like superheroes because the cake gets a pounding when he hammers his clenched fists into the soft icing picture on the top of it. I do not think many will want a squashed bit of it now. More for us later I suppose and here was me hoping not to put on too much weight during my pregnancy. I cannot believe that he does not like superheroes, everyone likes them and if I have learned anything about kids by being around Charlie then it is that, they are very unpredictable. I assume this means that I will be in for some shocks in the future if his behaviour is anything to go by.
Anyway, it was time for party games and surely, it was time for a sharp exit as I tried to sneak off but Kim saw me edge towards the patio door and blocked my getaway plan because she needed my help. Why cant Valerie do it I want to moan but then I look across and see her and Dale all loved up and holed up at the other end of the garden and away from everyone, Christ, they practically have an invisible DO NOT DISTURB sign written across them. Well it was all go from here on in as one after the other, the games commenced with kids screaming like they were being attacked and bludgeoned to death and not because they were extremely happy and showed it with their high-pitched squeals of delight in taking part in some rather naff games and getting prizes for winning them. I bet the old man from next-door has switched his hearing aid off. I am on music duty by the way and I have to keep an eye on what is going on and then stop it all of a sudden. How the hell do you stand the noise? Ive never heard anything like it, I shout to the nursery school manageress as she looks on at the proceedings, which Kim is ever keen to impress her with before the day is out.
Sorry, did you say something? I couldnt hear you properly with these things in, she replies and removes one of the earplugs to let me see her secret weapon in the defence of any possible bleeding from the ears.
Well youve just answered my question for me, I retort and she nods and pops it back into her right ear.
Bloody hell, I have never seen Charlie this still before seeing as he is trying his hardest to win the game of Musical Statues. Well apart from that time when he was ill and personally, I do not ever want to see him that still ever again. I have grown very fond of the little chap (in small doses) and I do not mind admitting it. Charlie doesnt win and he handles it all right because he doesnt throw a tantrum which Kim is worried about since shes trying to show how well behaved he is and how well he gets along with the other kiddies. It seems to be working as he happily runs off to play with one of the little girls. Then, he pulls her hair and takes her cupcake off her. Is that not a sign that he likes her? Is that kind of behaviour best not suited for the playground when he is older?
Charlie is, dragged to one side and behind the bouncy castle. In fact, since they are out of sight of everyone else well I can only imagine that Kim is giving him a right dressing down which can often lead to levels of stubbornness that I have not seen since I was a teenager and my dad can vouch for that. The other option is bribery and that usually works. It seems to be the latter for he is all smiles as they come around the corner and it is on with another game.
This one is where the children line up and then creep towards the person who has their back to them and it has something to do with a wolf and timekeeping. Only I am not sure what exactly and when they turn around the children have to be still as statues and hold on, this is simply another version of the one that we have just played but without the music. I am bored, I do not know about them. I prefer these types of games. It keeps them entertained and more importantly, quiet, pipes up the nursery manageress and I nod back in fake agreement.
God, what a shame I cannot drink is what I am really thinking right about now because then I might enjoy this even a tiny bit more if I cannot remember it. Charlie meanwhile does not win that game either and once more, hes all right about it much to my surprise. I guess whatever Kim said to him seems to be continuing to work and Im that nosey that Ill have to ask her later on, so that I can use it the next time Im left alone with him. It is time for yet another game so this one is, called Hunt the Teddy. Of course, it is not just any old bear, which is going to be taking part but Mr Teddy himself. Charlies favourite toy is to get a starring role in this production, mainly because that is the only one available. Well they could not call it that and then use a stuffed giraffe, now could they.
Only the birthday boy is not too pleased with the other kids trying to find his beloved toy. Therefore, whenever one of them thinks that they may have discovered it. Charlie races over and pushes them out of the way, just in case they get there first. He is being territorial about it and not wanting to share at all when one of the boys actually finds Mr Teddy hidden in the bushes behind the shed. Then world war three is suddenly, declared all because the lad assumed that that was his prize and he thought that he had every right to keep it. Charlie turned into a right maniac by scratching, biting and hitting out with both feet and fists. He promptly taken inside to cool off by his father and Kim could not apologise to the boy or his parents enough, but she could not possibly give him Mr Teddy in compensation no matter how much he begged for it. You shouldnt put it up for grabs and then take it away when it suits you. Thats just cruel, says the father and the mother gave Kim the evil eye to show her united displeasure.
I never said that Mr Teddy was what the winner would get. He was just part of the game and I have an extra special goodie bag for you. Its packed with loads of fun stuff and a brand-new cuddly toy so youd like that better than some smelly old stuffed bear wouldnt you? Kim knew best to direct her speech towards the kid rather than the parents and it was a case of, if he is happy then they will be too.
Well, why did you not explain yourself properly at the start then none of this would have happened, said the father and noting the smile on his sons face.
I know and Im very sorry about that. It was my entire fault. Now lets get you that prize before someone else takes it by mistake, replies Kim and leading them back towards the house and hoping that that this will make amends. The incident is duly, noted by the manageress of the nursery school and Kim is seriously worried.
My next task as far as helping to make this party run smoothly sees me handing out the jelly and custard to all and sundry. It tastes funny, says the old man from next-door and pulling a funny face.
I know, that will be the lime jelly that I mixed with the strawberry because I didnt have enough of one or the other but its still nice, I reply and turn to hand out some more.
Say that again. I need to turn the hearing aid up a notch.
I said its a mixture of lime and strawberry. Enjoy! I shout so he does not have to bother and just to explain to the others all at once in case anyone else is thinking about complaining about the taste.
It seems to go down well, even with the kiddies and then Kim wanders up to me while I am clearing away the empty dishes. Those vodka jelly shots are rubbish; Ive had about eleven because none of the other parents wanted their ones when offered and Im still stone cold sober.
Did they taste of lime?
Yeah they did a bit which Id thought was a bit funny because we agreed to only put the strawberry in with the shots and the children could have the ones with the double flavour.
Err, I think I got them mixed up and the kids had the vodka ones by mistake, I owned up to it even though I do not remember doing so (blame the baby brain).
God thats just great. What will they think of us? Charlie doesnt stand a chance of getting into that nursery, does he? asked Kim and looking at the children, who were now not as rowdy and happy while some were feeling sick.
Its not me you should be asking, but her, I reply and point to the woman in the Alice band.
Just as we were both thinking that this had turned into a complete disaster as far as trying to impress anyone, it took a turn for the worse. One of those freak storms that we have been getting lately suddenly turns up unexpectedly and the force of the hurricane strength wind blew the tarpaulin makeshift roof off the bouncy castle to reveal the penises in all their prominent glory. We saw it all after having run inside to watch through the patio doors, everyone is witness to the heavy rain, which immediately washes off the penned drawn on pattern only to leave behind the boobies. Kim grabs the open wine bottle and drinks straight from it without the need for a glass. Meanwhile, I enlist Valeries help as we try to steer the parents and children away from the back of the house towards the front door by handing out the party bags and thanking them for coming.
By the end of the evening, long after the rain had stopped and Charlie was, put to bed and all the tidying up was, done and dusted. It was time for the adults left behind to have some fun of our own. So with the rain a distant memory and before the men came to pick up the bouncy castle, Kim and Adrian, Valerie and Dale along with Kims mum and my good self included of course. Well, we all soon had a go on it. Moreover, the nursery manageress joined us for she had turned out to be the life and soul of the party after a glass or five of red wine. Lets just say that Charlie is definitely going to her school, since shed expressed that it had been a pleasure from start to finish and she did have a sense of humour after all (whilst drunk and disorderly anyway).



Chapter 20


On the Monday morning, I had wandered about in a daze for I am still feeling groggy whilst there seems to be no let up at all. I really hope it eases off soon as I would hate to put up with this shit throughout my whole pregnancy. I do think though that my silent rages have quietened down and my need to steal has also slowed considerably, since I have settled into my changing hormones and almost become a new me in the process. But then again, I did happen to come by a lost wallet in the back of the cab the other day. It had no form of ID in it, just some notes and I would have got in contact with the owner had the information been provided and given it back to them but it wasnt, when I paid my fare with the lucky find instead and serves them right for not including so much as a phone number. As I guess I am certainly, not cured by any stretch of the imagination.
It was my turn to retrieve the bins that had been, left out for the refuge men to collect. There was a right old windy storm here in the early hours of this morning, which had not only tipped over the empty grey bin but it had been completely blown off the kerb and into the gutter of the road. I will have to go and get it before the school rush hour begins and before someone has an accident. Whilst trying to avoid hitting it at the last minute in their monster-truck-like cars that are so high up it is a wonder, they have not knocked down a kid or two when they cross the road to the school because some of them out there are tiny and that is just the lollypop lady. Perhaps that is why the children like her so much, being that she is the same size as most of them. If it concerns my height then let us put it this way, I dare not wear green.
This situation found me constantly yanking up my baggy pyjama bottoms, which used to fit me perfectly fine, until the cord decided to hide inside the waistband so that I can no longer tie it. Yes, I did try the old safety pin in the gap method of retrieval only to find out from Kim that that is for putting the cord in, not getting it out and now that is stuck in there too. So there I am, in the gutter where some would say that I belong if you ask that Coral Dickson, Jed and Janine from work to name but a few because if I really think about it, I am sure there are much more names that I could add to the growing list. Only to my horror, my grey-stripe pyjama bottoms decide to drop down of their own accord. The ones that make me look like I belong in a concentration camp. Did I actually say anything about Kims place when comparing them? (No, I did not so do not be telling her otherwise, Valerie.)
Anyhow  this exposes my bare bottom to the parents and their offspring  who would set off early in order to beat the daily rush. I did not have underwear on because I seem to want to urinate a lot in the night nowadays and it is just quicker that way. This inconvenient act not only happens once having hastily pulled them back up, but it happens again when I reach down for the horizontal grey bin. While I get a few honks of the horn from passing vehicles, mostly it was the dirty white van brigade with their dirty-minded drivers. I then notice that Simon Shaw goes by on his bike and gives me a friendly wave so I return the gesture, only I dumbly use the hand that was holding up the jimjams (that is what Charlie calls them) and you guessed it. While not wanting to be predictable but yes, I flashed him and he nearly collided with a truck because of this action.
There I am with one hand on my pyjamas bottoms and one on the wheelie bin  have you ever tried to steer with one hand  its worse than some bloody trolley with a bent wheel in the supermarket of which I always seem to get I might add. As do many people I know, who complain about the same thing, which is slightly concerning, or is it that all old trolleys suffer this fate eventually and it is akin to having stiff joints in the elderly? Yes folks, this is the kind of rubbish, which crosses my mind regularly so bear with if you please since I have not had my morning coffee yet to focus the brain and make more sense of things. As I finally put the bin back in its rightful place, I look over at the traffic that seems to have picked up even in the last few minutes. It was at this moment in time that I see a car, which looks familiar. Its definitely Adams and hes heading into town but the driver does not even glance my way  my heart does a little flip and then  I feel nauseas again. I am not sure whether it is the morning sickness or the thought of my lost love leaving my world forever, which is not helping my situation.
I go to rush back inside the house and that loose snip has the better of me for I am once again, locked out like last time. As I abruptly find myself doubling over and bringing up my breakfast all over Kims beautiful lavender pots, with my bare arse on show as my pyjamas bottoms are hovering around my ankles once more. Kim has already left for work, whilst I was supposed to drop little Charlie off at nursery school. Have you ever tried to get a three year old to open the front door? Especially, while you are banging on the other side like that bloke in The Shining, if only I had an axe I think to myself because then I would not need his help to open the damn door since I could bloody well smash it down.
Charlie, bless him has been taught by his mum to dial 999 in the event of an emergency. That is the last thing I need, is the police turning up and nicking me for exposing myself in public and thank you very much for your help but no. I finally persuaded Kims son to replace the phone on the receiver Charlie, its me. Open the door theres a good lad. I didnt get a response because he was too busy having an imaginary conversation with a farmer about the state of his long-haired sheep thatd needed to go to the barrrrber (and I think theres a joke in there somewhere, only Im not in the mood for laughing). Once he had finished his chat, his attention was all mine and I had to be quick before something else took it away from me.
So anyway, I was shouting instructions through the open letterbox and holding onto my pants for what its worth since everyone in the nearby area has already seen me half-naked by this stage. Charlie meanwhile struggled with the chair and having reached the door  he climbed up and instead of unlocking it  he locked it even more with a turn of the key to add to the snip lock. So then, I had to bribe him Charlie, if you open this door. I promise to get you some baldy sheep from somewhere. All you have to do is just push the keys through the letterbox. I was ready to receive the bunch on the other side with eager fingers since I did not want to drop them and have to bend down again. I am glad to report that it worked and we got there in the end.
Isnt it funny how you suddenly see babies everywhere once you are pregnant because before that, I never really took much notice of them but now that I know Im having one well it has certainly triggered something of a fascination within me. I have gone from hating the idea of being, bogged down with kids and given the choice and condom that we should have used then I would not be in this position but now that I am, I find myself actually getting excited by the thought of having my own little bundle of joy. It must be the hormones playing tricks with my mind because I never used to feel this way and I must be possessed by a demon stork that is forcing this one on me (only, Im not sure that thats what Ill tell Charlie if he asks why Im getting fat in the coming months).
Anyhow, we arrive at the gateway to the nursery and I do not know the key code on the security door so I have to press the buzzer and wait for someone to come and open it for us. I know you cant be too careful where kiddies are concerned these days but I was more than a little concerned myself that I was about to be strip searched any minute now, when they asked to look inside my bag. Are they going to check for any weapons or bombs? It is not April fools day, nowhere near it in fact so I knew right off the bat that they were being serious whilst I played along. Otherwise, this could take a while if I objected and kicked up a fuss. We were, allowed into the cloakroom as I helped Charlie off with his jacket and then I intended to leave like yesterday but he had other plans. Like coming with me for instance when he wrapped himself around my right leg more securely than, one of my waxing strips and I felt bad but I had to prize him off and it was just as painful as I hand him over to the staff member.
I have to go, Charlie. I must be on my way into work and I am running late. Now go and have some fun with your friends, bye, I say and this scenario is all thanks to locking oneself out once again with the bin fiasco. When I arrive, I find Alison in a flood of tears whats up?
Paige is leaving to start a new beauty business venture with her boyfriend, she mumbles in reply and I know that she really looked up to our bossy manageress but really, does it warrant that kind of over reaction (I know, pot and kettle, right). And I immediately thought about who would get her job and surely  as the most qualified therapist here amongst all the others  why it has to be me and I could really do with the extra money that a promotion would bring (so its a win-win situation for me).
Then, Mr Nash announced Ill warn you now, dont be getting any ideas about taking Paiges position because its already filled. I am bringing in an outsider to head up the beauty department, some new blood will help to attract new clients and if that happens, I am happy and that means that everyone is happy. Can I hear a yes on that please?
Yes, Mr Nash, we all replied in unison. That obviously dashes my hopes in a couple of sentences and I fall into a slight depression at the thought of it.
Ah, are you sad too that Paige is going? Alison asked me with a knowing nod.
No, good luck to her I say. It was more the thought of lost earnings and having power over Janine that made me give out a sigh.
Well I hope the new manageress is every bit as nice and fair as Paige is.
Yeah, me too, I reply with another sigh. We later had a whip round for Paige while I was, sent out for a suitable present at lunchtime by Mr Nash.
I purchased some earrings for Paige from the jewellers and whilst passing a charity shop, I noticed in the window that they had a farm set which included a whole flock of fluffy sheep. I was, made up since they also had lambs and to Charlie they would constitute as being baldy sheep so I bought them for him out of the change that I had from the earrings  nobody would find out  right. When I got back, Mr Nash demanded let me see the receipt for the earrings.
Well I had to lie in what I expressed to make me sound good err, I must have lost it on my way back, sorry about that but it was only a few quid short and I made up the difference.
He eyed the other carrier bag suspiciously and wondered whats in that then?
What . . . this? Oh I bought this . . . its a surprise joke present for Paige which I do not want anyone to see yet. I hide it behind my back, out of sight and all that.
Only now, I will have to purchase something out of my own pocket to give to Paige. It still seems that I havent learnt a lesson on my spending less in order to save for the baby and I havent got a clue what to get Paige for real seeing as Id completely missed the shops, because I was working late to make up for my tardiness this morning. On the plus side of things, Charlie seemed actually pleased with the baldy sheep (lambs) as he calls them, when I got home and handed them over to him.
Youll have to stop buying Charlie presents. You are spoiling him and that will ruin him forever, which will then lead to him becoming demanding and unruly and it is me that has to deal with the outcome, dont forget, says Kim as she strokes the fluffy sheep.
I just want Charlie to be happy and genuinely like me, thats all, I said whilst wrapping the box of earrings for Paige in gold paper with a matching bow that was actually bigger than the gift itself.
I hope youre not going to do the same thing with your own child. You are, meant to be the parent and not the friend. I hope you realise that there will be times when you will have to be strict and it is both mentally and physically exhausting. Its not all fun and games raising a child, you know.
Of course I know that. What do you take me for, a fool? And dont answer that! I knew she was right when I fretted if I even knew how to be a good mum, considering that I never really had one to begin with. What if, I cannot bond with my baby and run off whilst leaving it to be, reared by my dad just as my own mother had done. Surely, history could not repeat itself in this case, could it? Would I spend the rest of my pregnancy worrying about this until I drive myself crazy and no longer capable of looking after my own child? I tossed and turned all night when thinking about it. Then  after I gave myself a good talking to  I decided that I was not my mother. How could I be like her? I did not even know her so that weirdly put my mind at rest, for now anyway.
It is the night of the leaving do for Paige at the local wine bar that is being, held up the high street from work. I finally get to meet her mystery boyfriend; it turns out to be none other than Simon Shaw. It all makes sense now as to why Paige kept nipping off to meet him in Blackpool. Apparently, they were not only hooking up but also discussing business along with that old bloke in the other hospitality suite, who is their rich backer for the new venture. I am eager to find out what this endeavour might be, since they have not actually said yet what it is.
First, I hand over the present from the staff whilst wishing her all the best. Paige opens up the box that contains the earrings and examines them closely where they lay; she seems to like them as she soon holds them up for Simon to see before putting them in her ears and he leans over to kiss her in approval. As I then nervously hand over the mystery present that nobody but me and Mr Nash knew about originally, only, as this event got closer even Paige heard about a surprise gift that was coming from me. It was thankfully, delivered on time seeing as I had ordered the next day service from this company on the internet that makes these personalised paper masks from a photo that I had taken of Paige in Blackpool. Paige was certainly surprised since she didnt expect that and quite frankly  I didnt expect to be paying that much but I couldnt think of anything else and when Id typed in leaving do presents  well this was the only thing that I thought shed appreciate in the jokey fun manner that it was intended.
It was but a mere moment before we were all wearing the masks with the picture of Paige smiling on them and it was weird to see twenty-five Paiges lining up for a group photo. As I told everyone, its a keepsake to remember her by. Mr Nash meanwhile looked on approvingly. It was not long after this before I thought that I might be sick, not only because I was pregnant and suffering bouts of a nauseous disposition but by the soppiness of the forced sentiment. Everyone had started singing about her being a jolly good kind of fellow, followed by a cheesy toast from Mr Nash and a gushing speech from Paige. It was all too much, Christ; she is not dying or disappearing into thin air because her fairy dust has run out. She is just leaving to go to another job and we can all keep in touch if we really want to that badly. Are these people here not social creatures after all.
It was then that I noticed there was a bloke leaving the wine bar with a blonde woman in red and he looked the spitting image of Dale. Same hair from the back, same type of clothes he would wear and the same build so everything was telling me that it was definitely him. So I immediately text Valerie and asked her what she was up to tonight? I got one back straight away from her which informed me that she was working late at the surgery and Dale was taking a business associate out to dinner. This woman didnt look very businesslike to me in her sexy (teeny-tiny) strawberry coloured dress and you definitely dont hold hands and glide your fingers through his hair, even if she was trying to sell you some hand cream and shampoo. I had decided to follow them down the high street and into a hotel piano bar. I was not scared of being, seen for I had on a disguise that Dale would certainly not recognise even if he fell over me.
The dude in the tuxedo tinkled the ivories and sang some jazzy blues number to which he was not, half bad whilst I discreetly sat on a stool at the end of the bar and having my own face hidden behind my masked one of Paige. I had pulled my loose hair around the edges and tried to blend into the background so I could spy on the bloke, who had looked like Dale but I still could not be sure for he would not look my way. All of a sudden, some dude came staggering up to me in a creased suit and started chatting me up. He clearly could not tell that he was talking to a masked woman, because he was blind drunk.
I needed him out of my vision immediately seeing as that Dale bloke was about to turn around and place his jacket on the back of the chair. I pushed the drunk away and he stumbled into some other blokes missus. It was the accidental grabbing of the breasts in a bid to steady his staggering self by using her body, which had sadly warranted the mighty punch headed his way. Then, the drunk shouted up from his horizontal position on the carpeted floor, shes a lesbian, that one. He raised his forefinger in my direction.
As I stood up and shouted back over the music Im not a lesbian, Im pregnant by a man with a penis for your information. Now piss-off and leave me alone. I stick my not-even-showing-yet belly out to show willing and point at it as if I had something to prove. The truth was, revealed to me as the Dale bloke looked over and it was not Dale after all that. It was just me being paranoid and not wanting my friend to get, hurt by him, which drove me to this conclusion of Dale being up to something behind her back and I wanted to find out what it was. For some reason  even proven wrong  I still do not trust him.
I immediately went back to the leaving party and I found that Paige and Simon were discussing a hotel complex in the area and about running it as a holistic spa centre. It was hard to take them seriously when they involved me in this, especially, when you are looking at two talking photo masks. As I wished them all the best whilst every now and then the masks would, be raised on top of their heads so that they could kiss. The only time I raised mine (being that I had a straw to access my soft drink) was to be hanging my head over the bog in the toilets when I felt like being sick and when will this damn feeling go away, because I hate being pregnant already. I had made a life changing decision and that is that, I am going to leave too. I am not talking about my job. God no, I need the money. I am referring to my invasion of Kims space, since I think it is time that I made a move and the only other offer on hand is at my dads house.
With this in mind, I packed up my shit together that weekend and said a tearful thank you for the sanctuary that Kims place and Charlies home had recently provided for me. Then, I was on my not so merry way as I thought about the fact that I was returning home with my tail firmly planted between my legs after having left years ago to venture out into the brave new world of independence which unfortunately for me, meant that I was destined only to end up back where I began. How sad am I? I guess you could say that I have come full circle, but I did not expect to feel so let down with myself by doing so. I should be thanking my lucky stars that I  have a parent that loves me and wants me living with them; Im having a baby that some would give their high teeth for because they cant and I have real friends who are always there for me. Then, why do I feel this miserable? I guess Adam is the main cause because deep down, I still love him and why could I not admit that when we were an item? It would have all been so different if I did, but it is too late now.
I arrive at my dads house; well I guess I should call it home again. Hi there, I come bearing gifts. Ive got you a box of Turkish Delight, I say as he kisses my cheek to welcome me.
Oh, well thats very nice of you love but you shouldnt have bothered. I dont like it, he replies and even refuses to take it out of my hand like it is contagious or something.
But youll eat anything, always have.
Yeah, on most things Ill agree to that but not that stuff. Tried it once and wanted to hurl so like I said, thanks for the thought and thats what counts.
I must take after you then because I dont like it either.
You know, your mother loved the stuff . . . he stopped what he was saying and I am sure that it was just in case it upset me to talk about her.
Great, now Im stuck with it since I cant think of anyone else to give it to. Even if my mother walked into the room and stood before me  I would refuse to give the box to her because frankly  she does not deserve it.
My dad meanwhile is his usual cheerful self and busy fussing over my bags, whilst telling me youve got to take things easy and put your feet up as much as possible. I know its hard in your line of work but any chance you get, you must take it. He plumps up my cushion and at the same instance shoves a footstool in my direction as he takes charge of me once again. This is only the first trimester of my pregnancy so what he will be like, by the end of it I would hate to think at this moment in time. In fact, I might be tempted to run for the hills whilst I still can before I get too big. I try to look pleased because he is trying his best to please me, but I still want to storm into my old room and slam the door shut just as I did when I was a terrible teenager.
Speaking of being a teenager  I am horrified to find my old room had been turned into some sort of shrine to me and I am not even dead yet  but this could see me off. I am somewhat, embarrassed by the posters on the walls of various pop stars that I had fancied rotten back in the day. As I wonder what I was thinking since some of them turned out to be gay and why didnt I know, for my gaydar was not tuned in to the right frequency back then and some, I even now find ugly. Whilst my tacky jewellery is still scattered about the room along with various makeup remnants and dried-up old nail varnishes. I dare not look in the wardrobe seeing as I know that I will find my secret diaries and clothing which if I leave them for long enough in there, they might come back into fashion one day.
Of course, in the end, I will have to bin most of it and redecorate if I am going to carry on living here while I have my baby. For tonight, I will have to sleep on the same pillowcase that has a printed on picture of strangely enough, Carrie Coyles manager. He is, called Mitch Mathews and he used to be a huge pop star himself back in his younger days. He was a massive solo artist at the time and having the number one album around the world with nearly every track on it a hit in its own right. Sadly, he could not match that success with his second one since his songwriter tragically overdosed and died before he could pen another tune.
Jeez, I remember that I used to kiss those features goodnight and imagine him kissing me right back. It makes me want to hurl just thinking about it now of course because my heart was broken when he was, caught in a public toilet with a male prostitute. It pretty much ended his heartthrob status overnight but opened up other avenues like management and working for one of musics biggest moguls, who is also openly gay (talk about jobs for the boys). You could say that he landed on his feet, when those who had sneered at him at the time thought he had fallen flat on his handsome face.
As I lie here in the darkness, I cannot seem to sleep so I put the light on to read. But as I start to adjust myself to lean on one side, I jerk my hand upwards and the book knocks off an old rock hard piece of chewing gum that was stuck underneath the overhead shelf. It fell down into my open gob and I very nearly choked to death on it as I wondered why these types of things always seem to happen to me? I am, cursed that is what it is and that gypsy woman was right when she warned me that if I do not buy enough of the lucky lavender sprigs then I would forever suffer the consequences. If only I could travel back in time. Then there would be far more than this that I would change about my life.



Chapter 21


That Monday morning I found out that my life was continuing to spiral out of control and there was nothing, I could do to stop it. We have just met with our new manageress and she was totally annoying from the start with all her questioning (I know shes just trying to find her feet but mine were currently swollen and sore for some reason and it bothered me big time when I couldnt take the weight off and sit down). She is, called Brianna and she talks in a loud nasally Australian voice that just grates on the old brain matter first thing in the morning. Can she not tone it down a peg or ten? Now I like and respect our friends from down under as much as the next Pom (not sure if this is derogatory term or not). Only dont get me wrong  Im still loving the soaps for I grew up with them  but I really miss Paige already and her soothing voice of reason that sounded like that posh bird on the Sat-Nav since shes also constantly telling you what to do too.
We find out that Brianna was actually born over here, but emigrated to the southern hemisphere soon afterwards so she doesnt really get the fact that when we take the piss  its only our way of showering you with attention and affection but if we ignored you  then you would have a problem. Alison compares the newbie in our midst Briannas like a flock of birds that fly south on holiday then eventually, they get homesick and come back.
I dont think thats why the birds migrate but I remember learning in school about some convicts in the old days that we sent to Australia as a major punishment. Only they were never meant to survive, never mind come back!
Yeah and look at you lot nowadays. Its the Brits who are lining up and trying to get into Australia because of the better lifestyle, says Brianna.
Youd not be wrong there. My ex-boyfriend even thought about it once but he changed his mind when he heard that they have more deadly creatures than anywhere else on earth and it put him right off, I replied, shuddering at the mere mention of anything creepy-crawly.
If that was truly the case then why is there so many people living a long and healthy life down under. Thats a load of bull if ever I heard it, she retorts.
I suppose youre right; it makes sense that it cant be that dangerous so you never know, I might even venture to them parts myself some day in the future as I quite fancy it to be honest, I said.
Im sure the good people of Australia will be honoured by your very presence, says Brianna and being sarcastic in a typical British way and perhaps, we do have something in common after all.
Its funny isnt it, how people always think that Sydney is the capital? pipes up Alison and carrying on with her job of tidying up the massage room.
 It is, isnt it? I agree and showing my ignorance because I had thought that too.
I know . . . I always get people saying that wherever I go in the world and Ive travelled a lot, said Brianna while she checked over the client list for todays treatments.
Well, will one of you put me out of my misery and tell me what it is? I ask since I hate not knowing stuff that other people do.
Oh, its Melbourne, replies Alison, confident in her information.
No its not, its Canberra, corrects Brianna with a sigh at the junior getting it typically wrong, but she is here to learn after all.
Canberra, eh . . . Ive never heard of that. Are you sure? I ask and then realise what I have said because I am speaking to someone who is actually from there. Can I claim baby brain strikes again?
Are you always this dumb or is this just an act that you put on to make everyone around you feel more superior? asks Brianna.
Well you are superior to me, being my manageress and all.
Brianna is one of those people that do not even have to try to be beautiful, they just are in a natural glow that eludes from every pore of their skin like a beacon and it makes me sick as I plaster on some muck to make myself even half-presentable in her wake as she wanders off. Ive been good, I really have lately because I havent had a cigarette until now seeing as the weakness suddenly takes over and the patches arent helping when Im stressed out with all this recent change to my life. Im worried about my debts too that I havent told my dad about, in that, I dont want him worrying on my behalf. Because then I would be worrying about him worrying and it will turn into a catch 22 situation and never end, only to get worse.
The following day, I have time off work to go to my first scan and it is only fitting that the man who will probably be the only father figure my child has, should come along with me. My dad and I arrive and I had assumed that he would just remain sitting in the waiting area, but no. He was, invited into the actual room to join me after I was, laying there with my belly exposed down to my pubic bone seeing as they had thought that he was the dad of the baby and we were married because we share the same surname. Now, I have to explain when I did not want to have to oh, hes not my husband or even my real dad, but actually my step-father and the future step-granddad of the child that Im carrying.
Err, I was looking forward to this but if you want me to leave you alone, love and wait outside then thats what Ill do?
No, no . . . you can stay if you want. When I wonder if I should feel insulted that they had figured I was older than my years and maybe, my dad should feel pleased that they perhaps thought he looked younger than his actual age. I do not know what I am going on about here. I guess I am beyond nervous by this stage at what they might find and as long as it is human, then what else could be worse.
Just as my dad unexpectedly announces did you know that twins run in your mothers side of the family. In fact, she was one herself but the other one died right after they were born?
No, I didnt and I wish I still didnt know but thanks for sharing.
When I start to panic for Id struggle to cope with one never mind two and I wonder if Ill go into mental breakdown right here if Im told that they can see the heads as in plural. This means that in the event of it not being an actual alien being, it is definitely twins so either way I am doomed. The woman in charge pulls down my pants a bit more to get a better angle with the ultrasound thingy. Some stray pubic hairs pop their curly heads above the parapet; I can feel the embarrassment wash over me like a pink wave. Since the split, I have gone native as they say. It is all true about it growing back thicker than ever if you shave it off. You would think that I would get around to waxing it, being what it is that I do for a living but lately I feel like the fire fighter who lives in a house with no smoke alarms. I certainly had not expected my dad of all people to witness my scruffiness seeing as I have only seen off the hairs that are on show in the usual places like armpits and legs. I had heard that they used to shave you completely in the old days with a cutthroat razor right before you gave birth but I do not know why  as if you would not be in enough pain with labour  never mind coping with razor burn and stinging nicks too.
Thankfully, in the end, we find out that there is only one healthy baby growing inside me and putting my mind at ease with this information since that is what I had geared myself up for all along. My dad is standing beside me, holding my hand and sobbing for he has never seen anything like this before. I am not crying because I have seen it all before with Kim because Adrian was usually too busy to go with her for things like this so it was down to me, Valerie or Kims mum. I am still surprised that Adrian made it to the actual birth of his son on time, only he was not much use to Kim seeing as Adrian fainted the moment he arrived and saw the head starting to appear. It was a good job her mum was also there for support.
I can honestly say that it saddens me deeply that I wont have my mother there to help me through my own childs birth because if theres one time that Ill need her more than ever then that will be it. Whenever a bloke feebly lets you down, should a girl not have her mother there to comfort her and build her back up in order to face starting over? I have never had mine unlike my friends and I hope they appreciate what they have and truly pamper her occasionally. I will tell you one thing; I would hate to have my dad there at the birth. God no, I am liable to throttle him if he continuously praised me for pushing correctly because I know he will. Therefore, I have decided to ask Valerie to be my birthing partner, even though Kim has been there before and done that. I sense that it would be more of a special thing for Valerie, having not had kids yet herself. Even though, she has delivered quite a few animals being a vet. Well I would feel that I would be happier having a kind of doctor on board should anything go wrong. Mind you  if she rolls up her sleeves and puts on those long gloves over her arms  only then will I know that I am in serious trouble.
When I get back to work, Mr Nash makes a snide comment you seem to be having more and more time off lately and Lord only knows, what youll be like when the baby comes.
Yeah, you never know. I might want maternity leave or something crazy like that.
Dont be cheeky or Ill make you give up your holiday time to cover it.
You cant do that.
I know, but it just felt good saying it even if I cant technically go through with it because of the stupid laws we have in this country to protect the workers from mistreatment.
Perhaps you should sell up and move your salon business to the Far East, if you really want to be seen as a bit of a slave driver.
Dont think I havent thought about it, he retorts and I will never really know if he was joking or not.
Apart from the thought of losing my job to a bunch of loyal, hard working but cheap labour, it also worries me slightly that I wasnt very excited at seeing my baby for the first time. Could I be feeling the same regret that my mother felt by having her baby (otherwise known as me) when she did not really want a child to begin with? I guess I will have to wait a few months to find out the answer to that question. But I have noticed that the last couple of days have seen another shift in my persona  because one minute Im off them completely and the next thing I know  is that the very thought of having a cigarette positively fills me with anticipated glee. I have been good lately as well, only whenever I pass by someone whose smoking I seem to hang about him or her. Yes, I know that I should not because of second-hand smoke but the person soon feels freaked out by my breathing deeply whilst making orgasmic sounds that they tend to leave my side abruptly anyway.
I really must get strong and get my cravings under control, since I promised my dad and my friends and myself that I would not smoke whilst pregnant. Do not get me started on sucking anonymous objects because I feel like I wrote the book on it, especially, when I find myself with my thumb shoved in my gob and catching a glimpse in the mirror between clients. I looked like I was turning into a baby never mind having one. The cravings of another kind started early for me too seeing as I never normally eat chips, sometimes mash but never, ever chips and Im British so its practically a religion here to have them with everything. Only right now I have the biggest urge for the greasiest, sloppiest mush I can find. In my lunch break, I head off to the local chip-shop and order the biggest bag they do (it is called the family pack; well I am in a family way as they say).
I sit on one of the wooden benches that reside inside the middle of the square that houses The Royal Treatment amongst other outlets. The rain starts lashing it down and I do not have a brolly of course, so I dash back inside the salon with my bag of chips. I know very well that I am not, allowed cooked foods on the premises like smelly chip fat ones that will surely pong the place out. It is mandatory that I smuggle them under my jacket and race towards the toilet with my wares. Only thinking about it, who wants to eat in the bog? Not me thats for sure so I change my mind and head for the basement storage room but in passing, Ive unintentionally wafted my chips up the nose of Brianna, whos nasally voice shrieks out to everyone Ambers brought something yummy to eat. Are you sharing that by any chance? Here was me, hoping to eat quietly all by myself.
You can have one if you must, I reply and she helps herself to a handful of the salty fries.
Are you eating chips? Can I have some? asks Alison and helping herself without being actually, told that she could.
I love chips, says Imogene and snatching more than a couple to gobble down before repeating the process.
Yeah, I do too these days. Thats why this pregnant woman bought them, I retort and grab some before they all go to this pack of hungry wolves.
Janine, do you want some of these chips? Im full, said Brianna and they are not even hers to giveaway.
No, thanks . . . youre not allowed to eat stuff like that on the premises.  Those are the rules, didnt anyone tell you? Janine nips off with a sneaky look on her face.
It was only a matter of time before Mr Nash sniffed his way towards us. He was probably, told by Janine and I would not put it past her. He went ballistic with final warnings before storming off; we all just looked at each other in shock for it was not that bad a smell. Then Mr Chan appeared from nowhere and explained the apparent outburst in a quiet and soothing manner. I did not even know Mr Chan spoke English but he lets me know Mr Nash was brought up in a chip-shop and cannot stand the smell; it brings back all sorts of horrible memories for him.
Well Im sorry but I didnt realise how it would affect him and had I known, I wouldnt have brought the bag of chips here in the first place.
What affected him was when Mr Nash told his father that he would not be taking over the family business, but that he was going into the hair and beauty industry instead. It didnt go down very well to put it mildly. Mr Chan left it at that. While I was tempted to lighten the mood and say that I wondered if Mr Nash senior had actually battered his son in the chip-shop but thought the batter of it if I wanted to keep doing my line of work (terrible jokes I know).
I am going to be, fired. I just know that as well because I cannot seem to get to work on time, never mind, being on my very best behaviour for the near future. Then, what will I do with no savings to fall back on and a baby on the way? God it seems to be nothing but worry, worry and more worry when you are responsible for somebody else. You see why I did not want kids in the first place because if it were just me  I would not care that much and just shoulder on regardless  as I usually land on my feet just like a cat with nine lives. Right now, I feel like a very sick animal indeed, as I run to the toilet to throw up the chips and fat lot of good they did me in the end to ease my cravings and make my day run more smoothly.
When I get in from work, I realise what it must have been like for those dudes back in the day to have a proper homemaker in the home. The only thing my dad does not offer me is the pipe and slippers, but I know he means well. I am just tired, both mentally and physically and I could really do with something to take my mind off my woes and cheer me up. No, I do not want to go to the pub with my dad after dinner, specifically, if I cannot drink. What would be the point? As for hanging out with him and his cronies, well that is only mildly bearable if alcohol has taken away my true sense of humour and left me with something that will laugh at the politically incorrect ones they tell each other in order to amuse themselves between moaning about the government and sport.
While my dad is out, I notice the pictures of me dotted about the place since I was quite a cute baby and seemed to, always have a smile on my face. Until that is, I reached the hormonal meltdown that is teenagedom. Then I turned into a right miserable cow who thought that she did not need anyone, especially my dear old dad. Little did I know then that I would need him now more than ever? My stepfather was a long time friend of my mother when she found herself pregnant and all alone to fend for herself. Therefore, he did the decent thing in order to give the child a name when he married her because he had always secretly been in love with her and thought that they would be together for forever and a day. It was a huge shock when she ran off and if it were not for me then his world would have literally fallen apart. Perhaps that is why she left me behind; it was as if she knew what I meant to him and that I would be his redeeming feature. I know that my mother had no family to speak of and that she did not really have any close friends. I suddenly yearn to see a picture of my mum, for I know that my dad says I look exactly like her but how can I tell if I have not actually seen her.
I do something that I have never done before and I start to snoop. I know my dad told me that my mum had removed all photographs of her good self and taken them with her when she had left, but she might have missed at least one in her haste to exit this life. I mean she left the fur coat behind by mistake too. I search the place like a detective looking for clues to a crime that did not really happen since not loving your child enough to stay is not a jail-able offence as far as I am aware. I create quite a mess in my wake whilst I empty out various drawers and rummage through all the cupboards to no avail.
Then, I go into my dads darkened bedroom and switch the light on. It is, decorated with the same blue and white toile du jour wallpaper that my mum used to love, the expensive kind that does not seem to date and just breaths the word classic. The bed is an antique four-poster made from some kind of ornate dark wood because my mum thought it romantic, according to my dad. The first thing I do is open up the drawer of his bedside table and in there; I discover an old photograph of my mother. I know it is my mother because her name is, written on the back of it and she signed it with a kiss.
It is not a very good one for I cannot quite make out the image properly seeing as it was probably, taken with an ancient grainy film camera. She is barefoot and standing in a knee length, pale summer dress on a sand dune by the look of it and wearing large dark sunglasses. I cannot really see her face clearly enough to identify her in a line-up of missing mums. Unless of course, she happened to be wearing the exact same shades with her hair pulled back into a tight ponytail that is and even then, I would struggle.
I am still clutching the photo when my dad walks through the door and immediately, he notices not only the mess around me but also what I am holding in my hands. Is that what I think it is? My dad asked and sat down.
If you mean, is this the only picture of my mum that exists in this whole house? Then yes it is, I replied before looking away in case I became all teary-eyed.
That was taken on our honeymoon, on the beach, he said while staring into space full of happy memories.
I guessed as much, since theres sand everywhere. But why did you hide it from me? I enquired, whilst staring at the fuzzy image once more.
I guess I didnt want you to be constantly reminded of her and then, start to idolise her in a fanatical sort of way while at the same time resenting me for driving her away or something, my dad said as he came over and hugged me.
I dont blame you. I never have, I blame her for being selfish. Leaving you, well thats one thing but leaving your child is another thing altogether that cannot be forgiven as far as Im concerned, I said and followed this with the announcement anyway, Im going to bed. Goodnight, Dad.
I gave him back the photo. Dont you want to keep it?
No, she didnt want to keep me so why should I return the favour?
Ive told you before, love. I know your mum loved you, but she wasnt happy with herself so she couldnt make you happy and thats why she left.
Did I ever thank you for raising me by yourself and trying to make me happy all these years?
No, but I did not do it for the praise. I did it because I love you, end of.
I love you too. Leave the mess; Ill tidy it up in the morning. The following day  I mysteriously find that the place is once again immaculate so either  the elves in Charlies story have been here overnight or it was my dad. My money is on the relative, I do not know about you.



Chapter 22


I do believe in God, I want to believe in God, I can believe in God and I will believe in God if it is the last thing I do damn it. I am just trying to convince myself of my worthiness since I have been, offered the honorary role of playing Godmother to Charlie by Kim and Adrian. Only I think they had second thoughts when I told them I dont think Ill be up to the task.
Whys that? asked Kim and looking slightly puzzled at my hesitation.
 Well, my magic wand isnt working properly these days for a start. Her face fell. Honestly, some people take these things far too seriously when of course I know the difference between one in a fairytale story for kids and the religious one. Speaking of being honest, I would prefer it to be the former for I have more idea of what that is all about at the end of the day.
Do you want the job or not? I can ask Valerie . . . only then; we would feel obliged to ask Dale. And Adrian has already asked his old childhood friend, since theyd always agreed to be Godparents to each others children, said Kim and I hate to mess her about like this.
Yes of course Ill do it. I would love to be Charlies Godmother. But whos going to be my other half?
Well, tradition states that a boy is to have one Godmother and two Godfathers so one of them is Adrians brother. The other one is . . . I would understand if you want to change your mind. Its Jed.
What . . . the Jed . . . the blind date guy otherwise known as Jed. But I thought he was Dales mate not Adrians, I reply and feeling a bit put out by this revelation.
He does know Dale too sort of but is mainly Adrians friend.
Oh I see. No, its all right and Im fine with it, I lie.
So will he be Im sure and Im positive that the two of you will forgo your differences and make it a special time for Charlies sake.
That is just great; a whole, bloody day stuck with Jed is all I need. Christ, I know, yes of course I know that I should stop saying things like that if we are to be best buddies from now on but if Jed brings up anything about our disastrous date or the fur coat then I, swear Ill swing for him even if its in the middle of the mass. I need to do some research because I am not even sure what it is that I have agreed to do. What does a Godmother do anyway? Does she mother the child in some religious way? It all sounds a bit dubious when you put it like that, so I am best to log on to the internet and find out before I do or say something I will regret.
Skimmed over most of it but basically, a) I am to be a spiritual role model and guide them in their religious instruction but I think I will fail at that one for sure since I am not much of a role model. In that, I am single and pregnant and technically homeless if it was not for the old man and I am not that well versed in the big book either. In addition, b) rear the child in the chosen faith should anything happen to the parents and I will be all right with this one because Kims mum would definitely step in and take over the responsibility so no worries there. Moreover, c) this, is the point where I would advise that you see all of the above. After further browsing over the facts, I find out that those were the old-fashioned rules but nowadays it is more of an honorary role and is mainly the parents appreciation for how special you are in their sons life and in return, you have to spoil the child rotten with fantastic days out and plenty of gifts. I do not know  everything these days seems to boil down to money  even this. Is nothing free anymore, without a secret clause in the contract springing up somewhere down the line that you have to pay for it in other ways?
While I was on the website that explained everything to do with Christenings, I ended up purchasing a silver plated eggcup and spoon gift set as a present for Charlie on his special day. The dent in my credit card is starting to show a distinct bulge, when I then go on another site and buy myself a fascinator (I hate the things and usually avoid them at all costs). This is not about me so I get one to go with that dress that I wore to The Royal Treatment celebration do. If I hammer my card anymore in the coming month then it just might break the bank altogether, if you know what I mean. Put into other words, I am stony-broke and how am I going to afford to keep a child when I cannot even afford to keep my dry-cleaning clean? No, before anyone thinks that adoption might be the answer to the problem. I cannot giveaway Adams baby anymore than I could get rid of it with an abortion. It is a part of us. A symbol of our union and what little hope I have left for a new, loving relationship in my life because that kind of affection is unconditional, right. Mind you saying that, my mothers was not for me and there I go again comparing two very different scenarios. I love, loved Adam and I will love his child too, end of, simply as and any other way of putting it.
The next day, I decided to walk instead of taking the car when Id volunteered to pick up my future Godchild from nursery because it was such a lovely day and believe me, in this country they are few and far between so youd better make the most of the sun shining when you can. Besides, I had plenty of time before the day ended for the kiddies; I arrived and was, taken straight into the hallway by a teenager (who apparently is doing her apprenticeship here) and I recognise her as being the same girl from the summer parade that had painted our faces for Charlie and me. The corridor leads to the manageresss office, which is just off the cloakroom. My calves were truly killing me from pounding the pavement in my flip-flops and whose bright idea was it to walk all the way here in the first instance, oh yeah, it was mine as nobody forced me and this baby brain malarkey is wearing thin already so Ill be a bag of mush by the end (help). As I look around for a chair to rest up in, but because the people around here are all little people (I mean the children and not the other kind, although I had noticed that one of the workers could actually get through the door to the playhouse without madly stooping like the rest of us). I have no other choice but to make do as I gently ease my backside into a low plastic seat and pray that it does not break beneath my weight.
Its holding just fine while my knees are now tucked under my chin and my arms oddly feel like they grown a couple of feet (in inches and not literally) as I rub my weary legs in a bid to bring them back to life and get the circulation going again to its full potential. After a while of doing this  talk about pins and needles  if I didnt know better then Id swear that a thousand tiny guys from Gullivers island were attacking me with their arrows. At least I think that is what happened, seeing as it has been a long time since I saw that TV movie with my dad as a kid (and I must confess to never reading the book but that is just down to laziness not literacy problems).
Anyhow, there I am wedged into this chair tighter than a ducks arse (to use a well-known expression) when Im called into the manageresss office and just as all the other parents start arriving to pick up their children. I go to stand up and free myself from the chair but it has stuck to me like the shell of some hermit crab and is resisting all attempts to remove it from my bottom. The buttons on my jacket have only gone and jammed in-between the slats of the wicker effect on the side of the cheap plastic seat. My name is sternly, called again and I have no other choice but to pass the other parents and grandparents in the cloakroom. As I scurry along and being bent over like the hunchback of Notre Dame before bursting through the door to the office as I hear the bells ringing to tell everyone that the nursery is shutting up shop for the day.
Good afternoon, please take a seat, she says and then glances up from the computer on her desk oh, I see you already have. She leans forward to look down on me as I am perched in-between the two adult chairs and sitting in front of her on this kiddie one (as I said before, I had no other choice).
Hello . . . nice to see you again.
I was hoping to speak to Charlies parents about this matter.
Oh you can tell me. Im going to be his Godmother soon so were practically related already, in the eyes of the Lord that is.
Perhaps you can pass on my words to them then, when I tell you what hes been up to this afternoon, said the manageress and putting on that tone of voice that frankly scares me because its so serious that you think you done something wrong even when you havent. I do not know about the kiddies but I will be having nightmares if she carries on with it much longer, whilst explaining the events that have lead to this meeting.
How do you know for sure that it was Charlie who bit the other boy? Did anyone actually see him do it?
Yes, a couple of my staff had to separate them and remove the clump of hair from his clenched fist in order to put it in the bin.
Well just because Charlie got the upper hand in the fight. It does not mean that he started it. He would never hurt another kid for no reason, unless of course theyd done something to deserve it, I say and sticking up for him.
No child deserves to get hurt in my care.
I didnt mean it like that. I dont think they do either and theres always an alternative to any situation but the fact remains that this boy must have done something to provoke him.
Well he did take Charlies . . . Blankie while they were supposed to be having their quiet time and taking an afternoon nap.
There, see I told you there had to be a reason and thats it. That scrap of cloth is so important to Charlie and he cant sleep without it so I can fully understand where hes coming from, cant you?
Err, well yes in a way but I cant possibly condone any violent behaviour amongst my charges and I have issued an apology to the boys parents on Charlies behalf when they came earlier on to pick up their son. If Kim and Adrian would like to follow this up with a letter then the matter is, dealt with as far as I am concerned. But I will insist that they have a word with Charlie about informing the carers if anything like this ever happens again and before it gets this far down the line.
Yeah, Ill pass the message on. Is there anything else because Id really like to go and see Charlie now and make sure that hes all right? I rise up to shake her hand over the wooden desk in a very formal manner. Only how sophisticated do I look exactly with a plastic chair stuck on my behind. She cannot have helped but notice and neither of us mentions it as I creep backwards out of her office while she tries her hardest to keep a straight face.
Once more, I am back in the corridor and surrounded by parents/grandparents/carers as they try to get to the various children that belong to them (I note that some of the kids have had their faces painted). They gather up their belongings whilst everyone seems in such a rush and I seem to be holding up the proceedings because of the clumsiness of the chair, as I poke people with it in a bid to get through to the room where Charlie is. Hello, little guy. Are you OK? Ive heard that you had a bit of a rough time today, I say as I scuttle up to him whilst he is busy playing at one of the tables with some big block bricks and has his back to me. He turns around and I drop down backwards into the seat with shock for he has had his face painted too, the plastic breaks in two and I land on the cushioned flooring, as I am finally free from the chair of comeuppance (my nickname for the seating arrangements around here).
Silly bugger, he replies and even though that might be the right thing to express at this stage for I have just broken some nursery property. I wonder who said the silly word around here to remind him of this phrase, whilst I bundle him towards me and hastily make our way out of there before anyone else notices. I thought we have gotten over those particular words but no, it rears its annoying little head once more. Well I can only pray that he will grow out of it soon before his parents twig that it was really me, who taught him that.
Come on, Charlie lets go home, I said and ushering him out of the front door, before Im forced to cough up for the damage so that they can purchase a new chair. I am trying to save money not waste it on stupid accidents like this. When we get in, I will have to wash that muck off his face before Kim sees it because she will probably blame me in some way for it.
All the way home, we had that look from people and who can blame them for Charlie has had a panda painted on, well, thats what he asked for but of course that stupid girl has only gone and done it whilst giving him an Al Jolson instead. It times like this that I find it very hard not to swear in front of him and I cant even say Jesus Christ because then I will be blaspheming and Im supposed to be at one with him upstairs from now on. My calm nature is sorely tested when that same skinhead from the day of the summer parade comes up to me and points at Charlie before chuckling, as he tries to put another one of those bloody leaflets into my hand. I want to tell him to shove it but in the nicest possible way, because I have to remember that I have an all seeing, all hearing and all believing being with me. Namely, a little lad called Charlie. I know I believe in free speech and all that palaver but really, breeding this kind of hatred. How is that supposed to help anyone? I ignore the dude and cross the road in a bid to avoid him and get away before he gives me any ideas about changing the colour of his skin, meaning, when I give him a couple of black eyes and spread his bony nose flat across his cheeks along with a fat lip for touting racism in my face.
I cannot believe he follows me so I turn around to walk up to him. Do you want a hand, mate with giving out those leaflets? I ask and he looks surprised.
Yeah . . . sure thing, lady, he replies and goes to hand over half of them to me.
Ill do the lot and you can go home if you like.
Thanks . . . here, he replies and willingly parts with the rest of them.
Silly bugger, pipes up Charlie as the dude wanders off back up the road.
Exactly, youve hit the nail on the head there and thats what one looks like in the flesh, I say and then add but dont tell your mother, itll be our little secret and well see about getting you some of those jelly sweets that you like so much. If it is not corruption then it sure is bribery in all its full glory. As for the leaflets  well I took them home with me and they now rest peacefully with the garbage outside  where they belong.



Chapter 23


The day of the Christening is upon us and I have secured this fancy fascinator to my hair with everything bar superglue, so it should stay in place no matter what. If I do say so myself then it is looking wonderfully odd with a splash of colourful fake butterflies that dance about on springy wires above my head and being, attached to a small skullcap that hangs down to a point over my forehead and practically touches the gap between my eyebrows. It is suitably out there as they say and if Im forced to wear one of these alien things then I wanted to stand out from the crowd for a change in a good and interesting way (ala Princess Beatrice style at the royal wedding). Whats with the thing in your hair? asks Kim as I get out of the taxi backwards in order to keep my head down in a bid not to disturb said thing.
Its a fascinator, everyone wears them in church, I reply and look around at the other guests and nobody seems to have one on, only me.
Well I havent got one on and neither has anyone else I know. Didnt you get the invitation that said that this was just casual smart not formal wear? She is wearing a simple, one line bejewelled hairclip to hold back her tresses.
If I did, then do you honestly think that I would be here with this thing on my forehead?
Oh yeah, we only sent them out to the guests not the Godparents because you lot were asked in person. Just take it off then. No big deal.
Thats easier said than done because this is held in place pretty tightly and is fit to withstand a force gale 10 attack of hurricane winds or failing that, a punch up in a bar brawl, I reply and glance over at Jed.
It doesnt matter if youre the only one wearing a fascinator. Nobody will notice it and point this out I am sure. All the focus of today will be on Charlie.
By the way, I have a gift for him but where shall I put it?
You can give it to me if you like and Ill put it with the others. I hope you did not go spending mad money that you do not have because something little and cheap will suffice.
Isnt that one of my duties, to spoil the child and spare the rod or something like that?
Hello, Amber. I see youre still intent on wearing dead animals, says Jed and popping up by my side as Kim wanders off to put my gift in the big present bags along with all the others so that Adrian can put them into the boot of the car to be opened later on.
Actually, butterflies are insects and their definitely fake. Do you want to check for yourself? I ask and bend my head down so that they nearly poke out one of his eyes as he swats them away like theyre real and bugging him, as well as me for I clearly grate on his nerves. Well, this is what I can read from his mind anyhow. He does not even have to utter a single word to let me know how he feels about me because I can tell by, the way he looks at me. (Like I smell and I am half tempted to sniff my own armpits just to check that I used deodorant this morning, as that is the kind of effect that he has on me.)
We fall into a silence while we smile at the other guests and nod our heads to say hello rather than actually saying it. My butterflies are darting about like crazy and people are starting to point so Kim was wrong. There are a lot of bodies here and most of whom, I do not have a clue as to who they are and they do not seem to know me either as being the Godmother. Which in itself, is one of the key roles played out today so I should think that at least it said my name on the invite to instruct them about who had qualified for the job. I do feel a bit important and suddenly take on the arrogance of a gangster (note to self, thats The Godfather and has nothing at all to do with whats happening here) as I decided to hold my head up high and be proud that I was chosen over all these other people. It rather made me feel special for a moment and I guess I am not that hateful after all. As I give a regal wave to Valerie and Dale who are standing next to a row of wonky, graves and I dare not cross them to be by their side because I find it all a bit spooky to be celebrating the living whilst surrounded by the dead. I for one cannot wait to get inside and away from the grubby green headstones since some of them even date back to when the church was, erected on this site.
Adrians brother turns up and heads straight for Jed and I in order to shake hands and introduce his wife and children to us. They seem nice and personally, I am, made up to see that she has donned a fascinator of sorts on her head too in the form of a tiny top hat with little feathers stuck on the side of it. She obviously didnt get the casual smart memo as well as me and I feel better knowing that Im not the only one around here dressed up to the nines and frankly, standing out like a sore thumb. Jed seems to be looking around for someone so I follow his eye line and then, we both spot her at the same time and it is the girlfriend from our blind date. He must still be seeing her as he winks to show that he is thinking of her even whilst talking to someone else. She blows him a kiss from across the other side of the pathway and is happily mingling in with the crowd, even though she is at present on her own but does not seem fazed by this in the slightest. I wish I were that sociable but I am not, I hate having to forge false friendships because I have to do enough of that at work. When I want to relax and enjoy myself, it is usually with people that I already know and not complete strangers. I also hate others who can easily become adept at any given situation as if they were born to it. Hence, I hate Jeds girlfriend since she so good at it and I am clearly not. It has nothing to do with her being with him, because good luck to her I say and she is going to need it.
It is only me then who does not have a plus one as per bloody usual. Even the Irish vicar has an altar boy by his side (not that I meant anything else by stating that you understand, since hes purely helping him with his mass duties and nothing more before any of you lot get any ideas on that front). Surely, it is fine to swear outside a church but not inside obviously. I drop an F-bomb when I stub my toe, which peeps through the sandals on the heel of Jeds shoe whilst I walk behind him towards the entrance. Are we still on sacred ground because of the gravestones? I do not know the answer and it is not something I want to ask the priest in charge, just as he calls the godparents of Charlie into the vestry. Where were to put on a mobile microphone and battery pack just like him, seeing as its all very high-tech nowadays and no shouting out your lines is required here for the people at the back to hear what it is that youre saying while the speakers work just fine at doing that for you. It also means that every little utterance will find itself picked up and broadcast to the nation. Oh all right, it is just to the congregation here but you get the message and that is to stay silent until we are actually, asked to speak.
Indeed  I dont know if I can do that since as soon as someone puts a microphone anywhere near me then I suddenly get the urge to burst into song  so I must control myself and be good for Charlies sake for I dont want to take the limelight away from him. As we leave the side room, it seems that Kims son is doing a cracking job on his own of making sure that the spotlight falls firmly onto his small shoulders after all. Because hes only gone and climbed up the wooden stepladder thats used for little chaps like himself in order to reach the holy font, whilst hes standing up and peeing into it. It reminds me of a picture of a cheeky faced stone cherub that I once saw doing something similar into a marble fountain somewhere. Perhaps it was in that magazine in work where they advertise the local businesses who know, when we have so much information thrown at us nowadays that it is hard to fathom exactly where it came from.
Charlie, stop that and get down at once, shouts Kim as she races to grab him, only Adrian gets there first and does the honours.
I thought you were watching him whilst I loaded up the car boot with the gifts, he says and sounding slightly miffed.
And I assumed that you were while I was seeing to our guests, replies Kim and turning away from them to hide her annoyance.
Dont look at me. I was in there with his holiness and the Godfathers, I said and point to them lot behind me.
And then I realise that I wasnt supposed to speak until spoken to and I glance around to see the faces around me but nobody heard me so I figured that thankfully, the microphone seems to not be switched on yet. And I told you that Id have trouble keeping quiet and this just proves it, so God help me when it is powered up (sorry Lord, I didnt mean to say your name in vain, it just kind of slipped out in my thoughts). So anyway, there we are sitting in the second row of the matching pews and Im bored already by the smiling priest as he drones on about the reason for us all being here and its Jesus this and Jesus that blah, blah, blah. Yes, yes we know all this now hurry up and get to the good bit wont you I think to myself and meaning my involvement because frankly, thats the only reason Im here. I stopped listening halfway through the welcome speech when he made, an attempt at telling an actual joke. He is no stand-up put it that way and I would advise that he does, not give-up the day job anytime soon.
I am finding it hard to sit still (and everyone thought that it would be Charlie who would have a problem with this) all because the fabric of my silky dress is sliding across the highly polished and slightly slanting with age, wooden seating. I am so close to the edge that I am about to fall off. As I grip the pew in front of me with both hands for dear life, so as not to actually drop down onto the cushioned kneeing rail. It is time to stand up and I am, given a rest bite since my finger joints were starting to hurt when I had clung on that tightly. It wasnt long before I start fiddling with my printed out sheet of instructions as I began to daydream of what it would be like to sing up in that balcony above our heads (where the choir usually make sweet music but not today as were subjected to some piped in sounds via those speakers). I am suddenly, snapped out of my thoughts when I hear my name called out. Well, technically it was not Amber Greene as such but that of the Godmother so surely that means me right. Wrong.
I had galloped up the stone steps to the right-hand side of the altar where the holy font is situated with my head looking downwards so as not to trip up and make a fool out of myself, when I feel a group of bodies quickly surrounding me and doing the exact same thing. Only its not anyone I recognise thats standing with me as I look back at Kim with Charlie sat on her lap alongside Adrian, his brother (the wife had taken one of the kids outside because they were acting up already) also Jed and his blonde girlfriend, Kims mum even Valerie and Dale. They are all staring at me funny from the pews on the right-hand side of the church. These people with the baby in a long traditionally flowing gown are from the left-hand side of the church and it is only now that I realise that there is two Christenings taking place at once. Again, that vital titbit of information was probably on the invite too only I did not get one so I did not know and nobody bothered to mention it to me. How can I get back to my pew unseen and unheard if this microphone is switched on all of a sudden and going out live? I know that I really should not use the word that describes the devils home in Gods place but I am living it right about now.
I do not dare make a move. So I stand rigid at the back of them to try to blend in because if I try to return to my seat then I run the risk of the vicar pointing me out to everyone like a comedian, who always picks on and makes a show of the person going to the toilet or bar or both. I am, handed a candle by the altar boy as the others around me are giving me right weirdo looks and who can blame them for I am intruding on their special moment and I cannot do a damn thing about it. I cannot say anything and join in when they are, asked to make their declarations on the childs behalf because I do not know these people. When they reply with things like turning to Christ and repenting their sins and renouncing evil, I press my lips together so no utterance or even breath passes through them. Next, there are three questions asked in succession: Do you believe and thrust in God the father who made Heaven and Earth? Do you believe and trust in his son Jesus Christ who redeemed mankind? Do you believe and trust in his holy spirit who gives life to the people of God? They obediently answer to each of them in turn I believe and trust in Him. Here am I thinking that this had nothing to do with religion nowadays, just like Christmas and being that it is all about the gifts. Well not for this lot, it is not.
If I just close my eyes and look like I am praying and I am in a way, as I long for it to be all over so that I can escape from up here and go back to my rightful group. At least I now have some idea of whats expected of me as the present Godparents say their words dutifully before the priest does his bit. But I notice  he doesnt use the water in the font since thats not so holy anymore thanks to Charlie using it like a urinal  when he blesses the infant with some fresh stuff from a silver bowl that has a gold cross on the front of it.
Finally I am, allowed to leave the area as I make my way back to the pews along with the other strangers. As I look up I notice that Adrians, brothers wife has gone and removed her fascinator so I am back to being the only one. If only mine would, come off as easily and without me looking like I have just, got up from one of the graves outside. I expect it will be our turn to go up next but no, no wonder the place is packed. They are having a proper mass in the middle of the ceremony and I really should read the sheet on the proceedings so I know these things. We have to wait until this is over before we can play our part as its a case of kneeling down  followed by getting up which is followed by a couple of hymns and then kneeling down again and repeat after me says the priest  like the good brainwashing session that it is. One more hymn that nobody knows and most people are just mumbling along to the piped in music while the priest is the loudest amongst us because of the microphone, only he does at least prove that he knows all the words and is happily singing this to the masses. In fact, he does not have that bad a voice at all and could probably earn a living as a backing singer, if he did not already have employment with the good Lord that is.
One by one, Gods flock of sheep (or lemmings depending on your stance on religious matters) head steadily to the edge of the steps in order to show their allegiance to the body of Christ and willingly receive their fate forth with from God. I was one of them (well I have come here to prove my belief in God and just because I do not strictly adhere to the rules of men with the way that I should go about this is unimportant at this moment in time). On the way, back to take-up our seats once more whilst we are to wait quite a while for the priest to get through this lot, as there seems to be a never-ending line of people. The poor altar boy is, sent out back for more of those white round discs that stick to the roof of your mouth and you need a sip of red wine afterwards just to remove it. Jed pulls me to one side where we sneak into the side room for a quick chat at his request and besides, I am intrigued by what he has to say. Does he want us to go on another date? What is he going to do about his current girlfriend? What is it exactly, that is so urgent?
Do you really think you should be doing this? he says and checks his watch.
Doing what?
Being a Godmother, what else do you think I mean?
Of course I should, Ive as much right to be a Godparent as you. Just because you look like Jesus does not give you the upper hand on this. Im one of Kims closest friends but Id never heard of you until that ridicules blind date.
Im not here to talk about that. I was just thinking that maybe you were not, actually the best choice that is all. Frankly, I dont think youre religious enough and you should perhaps hand over the reins to, say . . . Adrians, brothers wife because having spoken to her then she seems a better candidate than you.
I am perfectly religious in my own way, so you can just shut up about that nasty mare for a start. She must have known that I would feel stupid being the only one in a fascinator and did she care, did she hell?
But you do look ridicules. Anyway, go on . . . prove that youre religious.
I havent got time to take a written exam on the subject so youll have to take my word for it. OK! I say and look at the shelves of holy bibles, as if I need reminding of where I am.
Name all the disciples then, he says and leaning forward to pull a self-righteous face at me that was only inches from my own.
Judas, I said loudly but I was soon, interrupted. This I did not mind because it gave me more thinking space between thoughts.
I might have known that youd start with him, it takes one to know one.
If you must be told, they were called, Peter, James, Andrew . . . Matthew, I say and then stop altogether because my mind suddenly went blank.
Are you having one of your blonde moments again? Jed sounds annoyed.
There was a Philip, Thomas and Bartholomew. There were seven dwarfs and twelve apostles, right?
Yes, yes . . . now hurry up.
Err . . . ah . . . oh I know, John, Paul, George . . . and . . . Ringo! I said and feeling pleased with my good self for remembering that from my younger days.
Im surprised that you didnt single one of them out as, Happy, he retorted and being sarcastic at me naming The Beatles as my final fab four.
Ill tell you what, that Irish priest is a little too happy if you ask me and that altar boy clearly isnt since he has a permanent frown on his face.
What are you trying to say? That its the Christian Brothers all over again around here or something? Jed responds and checking the time once more.
God no, that is not what I was saying . . . it is what I was thinking though, were you not and everyone else around here?
I dont know . . . one whiff of scandal and youre condemned to be reminded of it at every turn. May I remind you that the church does more good than harm and dont you forget it? says Jed in their defence.
I know, I know but it was a major stink. I was just making small talk I guess and Ive never been very good at it.
My girlfriend is . . . shes good at everything. He has a glint in his eye.
I bet she is . . . only being an actual blonde, doesnt she have any of those blonde moments that you hate so much?
Of course she does, every woman does but if you want to get into a birds knickers then you just think it and dont say it to her face, he replied and that told me that he didnt ever fancy me from the start because he sure let me know.
The door suddenly opens and we are, startled enough by this to jump at the sight of the priest while his smile had long since certainly disappeared, to be replaced with a look of distain that was clearly aimed at us. Its blatantly apparent to the both of us as we left the confines of the side room that our microphones had been switched to live  unbeknownst to us that everyone in the place heard what we were chatting about and more importantly  who we were talking about. I think the two of us would not have minded leaving the premises at that stage but no, our presence is needed up at the side of the altar and in front of the holy font to partake in the Christening of Charlie. It was truly excruciating to say the least and not an experience that I would ever want to go through again.
We were, glared at like a couple of heathens and it was only a matter of time before they got out the pitchforks and burning torches to hunt us down to the ends of the earth. In our case, the-all-you-can-eat buffet at the local Chinese restaurant. After apologising until I was blue in the face. I intended to leave as soon as I was able and curl up with a good book (note that it was not the bible, for Ive had enough of all this religious stuff for one day thank you very much and Godspeed to me as I make my way home instead of gorging myself sick on food). Jed was over being, dumped by the blonde girlfriend quickly from what I heard after the fact because he immediately made a move on the beautiful looking oriental server. And since being dropped has happened to him for the second time whilst out on a date while I suspect that Jed must be getting used to it by now, as Im quite sure that she probably wont be the last one to do it either.



Chapter 24


It was a moment for true disbelief when I heard the words down the phone being, spoken by Brenda, Brenda, Brenda (so good, they named her trice). They only want me to appear at some event that is being, aired with a primetime slot on a Saturday night on the telly. Did I mention that it is Mega with a capital M? But Im not a celebrity and I havent appeared in a reality show or anything, so why on earth would they want me? I say to a laughing Brenda, who croaks deeply at my total lack of self-importance.
My dear girl, they dont want you. They want Carrie Coyle but she cant make it and somehow they discovered that youre the next best thing.
I still do not get it . . . What exactly can I do that she cannot?
Well you can be there for a start and impersonate Carrie Coyle one more time; for theyve found out that it was you in Blackpool through recognising me because I was also in the frame. I am apparently, still well-known in such circles.
So you told them my name, I say with a sigh and sounding disappointed at losing my privacy.
Get a grip girl. It is hardly going to be you being yourself on that stage and by the way, you have to sign a confidentiality agreement so do not tell a soul.
Get the pop star to do it then. I suppose they saw the video viral on the internet of me singing in that club and sounding like her too. All thanks to Alison who had posted it online.
Yeah, they did and it impressed them enough to book you. As for the real Carrie . . . well her management did try but she was not fit for purpose. This is her big chance to go global, if it all goes perfectly. So thats where you come in. She goes on to explain further that the star is currently still in hiding which means rehab, but her management team feel that she needs to prove to the world that she is in fact fine and dandy and ready to shine. Especially, if that movie deal is to come off and the producers can clearly see that she is reliable and not pulling out of a charity show at the last minute.
So I reiterate to Brenda I cant do it, somebody is bound to find out that Im an impostor and that would be just too embarrassing for words.
Did I mention just how big the appearance fee is? Well I even got them to up it, when I had pointed out the inconvenience of trying to copy someone so well known and get it perfect. They really want it to be right on the night and theyre willing to pay a hefty chunk of cash for it too, with added bonuses for making Carrie more appealing to the press at large if you put in the performance worthy of a superstar. Jesus, I nearly faint when she does let slip the actual amount being offered to little old me.
I ask her can you repeat the number because I thought I didnt hear you correctly? This she does and then of course, my mind starts working overtime seeing as I could pay off all my debts and I am sussing that I could surely buy all the stuff my newborn baby will ever need.
They are waiting for a reply on the other line, kid so whats it to be?
I suddenly shout yes, you bet Ill do it . . . where do I sign? We arrange to meet before I put down the phone without really thinking it through and taking my time to dwell on it but that is just me all over, ever the impulsive one.
On my day off, I ask Brenda to accompany me to the studio in Manchester for the rehearsal of the show. I am so nervous that I can hardly speak, let alone sing and luckily I do not have to. I will be miming to backing tracks and just performing in full makeup and costume, so hopefully nobody will twig that its not the Goth queen herself on the stage. It is a good job; they did not wait a few more months for I would not be able to fit into the outfit with its tight corseted waist. The makeup/hair team prepare me with a wig that is obviously a much better quality specimen than my fake one in Blackpool (this costs 30,000 and I expect theyll want it back when Im finished, so no chance of me keeping it and cashing in on the windfall).  I am sure that this one is real human hair for that price and even the extensions that thicken the strands are thoroughly lush in effect. I am really just like Carrie Coyle, no doubt about it.
Meanwhile, I notice Brenda is helping herself to the buffet that had been laid on in my dressing room. It is, brought to my attention that she does not like Turkish Delight so no point in me offering her the box of it that I still have. God I really wish I could drink because I would down that bottle of bubbly in one right about now, if I were not pregnant that is. And thats one of the reasons that I didnt pursue my singing career in the first place, seeing as Id have definitely turned into an right alcoholic before long in order to combat the stage fright. It is starting to build-up in my stomach with swirling butterflies and then  the nervous shaking will take hold  along with the breathing difficulties that always make even swallowing my own saliva hard. I grab my brown paper bag that I had brought with me and breathe slowly and deeply into it in a bid to calm down.
This is how I was, greeted by the Mitch Mathews who happens to be Carrie Coyles manager and former teenage heartthrob of mine. My God . . . the resemblance is astonishing. You could be twins in another life and they do say that theres someone out there that looks like everyone else so I wonder if Ill ever find another Mitch Mathews, he says and if this person does exist then hell still be quite handsome when he ages, only older and darker in complexion. I notice that Mitch must be trying to cover up the grey with hair dye and the skin with cherry boot polish because I have never before seen such a deep (burnt toast) tan on anyone.
I have turned mute by this stage (not so much being in his presence but by what I have to do in a matter of minutes). I feel sick with anticipation or is it just because I am pregnant. I simply nod my head and stare at him in a crazed fan sort of way, which could turn to self-mutilation any minute now if he ignores my feelings of fear and loathing for my good self and my abilities to perform on cue. He seems chatty enough and not worried about me taking Carries place. Surely, he can clearly see that I am in no fit state to read whatever it is that he wants me to sign. I point to Brenda, who is sitting in the corner and snacking on something yummy. She suddenly jumps up with slithers of flaky pastry flying everywhere in order to shake sticky hands with Mitch and then, she licks her fingers before taking the contract from his outstretched other hand.
Brenda pours through the document and gives me the go-ahead to sign it, for Im not to discuss the matter of my performing on Carrie Coyles behalf due to her being indisposed with anyone, or basically theyll sue the arse off me and take me for every penny that I dont have. I knew all this before I agreed because Brenda told me as much. I take the expensive gold pen from Mitchs manicured fingers and sign on the dotted line in triplicate with added initials here, here and here. Mitch tells me glad thats all sorted, now just relax and have fun. Be yourself. Only then, he changes his mind as he says when I said that, I dont mean be you literally but to act exactly like Carrie Coyle would and well get along just fine.
Dont you worry about a thing, my girl here will be thoroughly professional about it, says Brenda and retaking her seat with more cake to hand.
Mitch adds maybe you should think of it like a stand-in at a West End theatre production because nobody has paid in earnest to see that person perform. Only the star can ever really fulfil that desire but hey give it your all, wont you? I just nod, as I do not know whether this is an insult or not so maybe it is a warning not to go around thinking that I am Carrie Coyle.
I certainly dont think theres any chance of that happening, when I suddenly feel like Im going to hurl and I decide that I dont want to be here any longer but I wont make it to the toilets. As Brenda notices my gagging reaction while I try to hold it in, so she shoves the champagne bucket under my gob to prevent any unnecessary spillage onto my costume. It is a good job nobody wanted ice is all I have to say to that whilst Brenda offers me some gum to freshen my breath. I hold my stomach in a protective manner as I make my way to the massive studio number five  having nearly tripped over a cable or two along the way  thanks in part to my false eyelashes that weight down my eyelids so much they are, practically shut. Mind you, I do need to see what Im supposed to be doing and where Im instructed to be so this could turn into a problem if Im not careful.
The background set is like some gothic castle ruin with large church candles dotted about and the grave of the long lost loved one. The sad song is about missing someone after they are gone and having regrets about not loving them enough when they were alive. So in this production, Carrie goes to the grave to tell them how much she loved them and how they had affected her life in such a positive way and made her a better person just for knowing them. I hope they havent changed the version of the song that Id rehearsed into an up-tempo number and a dead person isnt going to suddenly come back as a zombie and we end up dancing together ala some big production number like Michael Jacksons Thriller, seeing as I have two left feet and this has never been my forte.
Thankfully, I am, spared this scenario and instead it will just be the lonely spotlight and me as it follows me around the stage set while I blow the candles out one by one between my dramatic singing lines. Obviously on the last one, the spotlight goes out altogether and I am plunged into darkness too before it comes back on to a round of applause and I am to make my special bow to the royal box. Oh yes I forgot that part for I am performing in front of the monarch of all people on national telly. I cannot tell anyone about it, not even my dad. I wonder if that takes some of the pressure off slightly because if people knew it was little old me up there on stage then I probably would not be able to do it full stop. As it is not me, it is Carrie Coyle so I keep telling myself that if I cock-up then nobody will be able to say it was my fault.
We have the rehearsal down pat and I feel much more secure in myself that I can pull this off, particularly, when I watch the playback from the guy that was filming me. Even I cannot tell the difference between me and the, real Carrie Coyle for it is that bloody convincing. As I make my way back to the dressing room, I am stopped by, a fan who suddenly wants an autograph along with a picture. I was, pre-warned not to dare sign Carrie Coyles name on anything as its illegal or something so I improvise since I cannot very well ignore the poor girls pleas. And I sign it Cary Doyle in my scrawny handwriting that I hope wont upset the youngster if she tries to sell it on the internet, along with my pouting sulky gob thats Carries trademark look for a photograph. I have never seen her smile even when Carrie won the TV talent show; she looked like she had just, been given a death sentence instead. Perhaps that is how she felt, since she is not up to doing this.
Mitch Mathews comes storming into the dressing room, just as I am undressing and congratulates me on the successful rehearsal you were brilliant young lady and I should know. He did not blink an eye at my naked body and I remember that he is gay so I do not mind either since I know that he was not getting off on the view. He strongly points out to me now dont alter a thing, youre to do exactly that on the live show and well get along just fine. I noted that he seems to like that terminology since he uses it a lot. Brenda warns me that he can be thoroughly ruthless when things do not go according to plan and its best not to get on the wrong side of him. I will try not to I think as I remove the gothic gunk from my face and stare at myself in the mirror. Could this have been my life, if I would have pursued my own singing career? I reasoned, that it is a case of probably not. And knowing my luck  if Id had have tried to make it big then Id only end up in some grotty pub somewhere and about to perform to a bunch of drunken yobs  who werent even listening to me sing and definitely not royalty. The only thing royal about them would probably be the odd surname or the money in their arse pockets that bear the face of her majesty.
The dressing room suddenly fills up with people from the entourage of Mitch Mathews and I am lapping up the attention from everyone in the room because I intend to make the most of this opportunity and besides, it is something to tell the grandchildren one day. Gosh, listen to me. One minute I do not want kids and all of a sudden, I am planning on, having the next generation around me. I was very good at skating around the offers of champagne to celebrate plus cigarettes and the like (drugs). While I notice that one person in the room is not so, filled with glee at my performance. That is Brenda, who is annoyed with me for some reason. When they have all eventually left our presence and there is just the two of us sitting on the plush couch, I turn to her and have it out.
You dont seem very happy that everything went well, I say.
Oh, Im not miffed about that. Its just your other performance that bothers me, Brenda replies and then pats my stomach to let me know that she somehow knows.
I was going to tell you about the baby. I was just waiting for the right moment, I said while nibbling on a bunch of red grapes. I never used to be a big lover of this fruit before my pregnancy unless it came in the form of wine from a bottle/box because frankly, some days I am not that fussy.
Its not me you should be telling; its Adam. After all he is the father, isnt he? Brenda asked as she looked into my eyes as if to tell whether I was lying when I replied.
Of course he is . . . what do you take me for? But as hes moved on and moved out by the looks of it . . . I dont think I should spoil his relationship with Pippa all over again . . . do you? I said whilst looking away to hide my eyes that were filling up with jealous tears.
Well for what its worth. I think you should tell him but thats just my opinion and its really up to you, if you can live a lie, said Brenda while grabbing some bottled water for the both of us.
What do you mean by, live a lie? I turned back towards her, having put down the grapes.
I mean that you will be living a lie, if you let your child think that it doesnt seem to have a daddy when it clearly does. Only you dont want Adam to be a part of the childs life because he hurt you and it will still hurt you to carry on seeing him with another woman, replied Brenda, sipping the water and replacing the cap.
You sound like youre talking from experience. I clearly wanted to know more.
I am . . . Im the girl that didnt know my dad was alive and kicking because my mother moved us to the other side of the country and away from him so that he never got the chance to see me grow up and succeed in life. Only for me to find out too late from her after the event since she still cannot bring herself to forgive him for the hurt that he caused her. Dont be bitter and take it out on your baby, is all Im saying. Brenda then stares away into space, probably thinking about what could have been. We sat in silence as we both gave way to our deepest thoughts and feelings. I still do not want to tell Adam but maybe I will change my mind once the baby is born, who knows? Only right now, I just need to concentrate on getting through my pregnancy and then, I will face that particular complication later on. One thing at a time  I tell myself otherwise  Ill just explode with all the pressure to do this, do that and still get it just right every time or in my case usually wrong. Brenda suddenly receives a phone call from the nursing home and wonders would you like to go with me to visit my mum?
Thanks for the offer, but Im not really one for seeing people in discomfit and pain so Ill opt to give it a miss if you dont mind.
 Brenda insists well you need to try to get used to it. You are going to be a mother yourself soon, so discomfit and pain is rapidly becoming a part of your life from here on in.
I cannot argue with that as I reluctantly agree yeah all right Ill go; besides Ive got nothing better to do. I find myself going to Hamilton House, which is a huge Victorian style residence with Brenda. The news is not good, since her mum has taken a sudden turn for the worse with yet another stroke.
I am not very good at comforting other people in distress, as I usually say the wrong thing and on occasion will often try to humour up the situation and make light of horrible things as a way of coping with it. Sometimes, a proper cry is the only release available to us humans that will suffice the difficult moments in the emotional times spent on this earth. I do not even know this woman but here I am crying with Brenda, who is hugging her mother as she dribbles profusely out of her lopsided mouth and down her chin. I mean her mum of course and not Brenda. The old woman seems to have gone full circle  in her life  since she is once again nothing more than a helpless baby that lies in her crib with a diaper on, a sippy cup by her side whilst needing constant care and attention to do the basic things that we all take for granted. (I wonder if I should get some practice in while I am here).
Brenda waits for the nurse to leave us in peace to spend some quality time alone with the elderly woman. After a swift drink of water, Brenda clears her throat with a forced cough that made me jump for it was that loud in the silence of the weary room. Brenda takes her mothers hand with the skin like pale grey tissue paper and blue veins that not only poke through but look like they are about to burst forth. She recites one of her mums favourite poems to her word for word, line for line. I cant even remember the punch line of a simple joke that Kim text me this morning about women voting labour or was it being in labour, anyway, I could never state out loud a complicated poem by one of the greats (see, Ive even forgotten his name already).
I am impressed by the end of it even if Brendas mum is not, seeing as it was lovely to hear the dramatic lines of prose spoken with so much passion for the art. Brenda then goes on to say a prayer for her mother. Meanwhile, I on the other hand cannot even tell you what the true Ten Commandments are for I recall the first one being about believing in only one God. And an eye for an eye, tooth for a tooth along with adultery being in there somewhere Im sure and not bearing witness to working on Sundays (my personal favourite) coveting a neighbours wife and not murdering her or stealing her fish to feed the five thousand or something like that. Note, that I probably have the ones that I have listed all wrong so please do not quote me on this. Since sometimes, words just dont seem to stick in my head. I must have some unidentified form of mind dyslexia that I do not know about. God I hope it is not hereditary and my child suffers from it too. When I start to fret even more as Brenda tells me did you know that strokes seem to run in families? I found out recently that my dad died of one and now my poor old mum is not faring too well. Will I be next?
Who knows when or why well die? You will only worry yourself into an early grave if you become, stressed about it. So I dont think about things like that.
Its all right for you; you have your whole life ahead of you and your little one. But me being older well, it makes you think about the inevitable and I must make out a will so if anything happens, I can then go with peace of mind.
Just out of curiosity, youre not leaving it to a cats home are you? I know of a childrens hospice that could really use the money, if youre interested?
Yeah, good idea . . . Ive always preferred working with kids to cats any day, since Ive made more money off them over the years. We stay for a while longer and then we head home. The conversation about medical matters has me pondering and I must ask my dad about my mums side of the family. I need to know her medical history. It never even crossed my mind before I became pregnant and at least  I think I am safe from dying in childbirth  seeing as my mother and her mother before her fought their way through it and came out the other side all right. Speaking of hell, I might even start a video diary to show to the child growing inside me because I know that that will freak them out one day. Pregnant or not, I still have not lost my wicked sense of fun.



Chapter 25


Back at work, I am a bag of nerves for the coming weekends performance and thus a few silly errors are, made on my behalf because my mind is clearly elsewhere. I first off, painted the wrong colour nail varnish onto the long talons of a middle-aged woman executive who was a tad, shocked by the dark purple shade as she only normally has a French polish. What have you done? I cant wear that to a meeting, no one will take me seriously looking like a Goth.
Im so sorry. Ill change it right away, I reply whilst thinking that it was partially her fault. She was too busy yapping to someone on the other end of her earpiece to take into account my blank, bored expression and she did not notice the result until I was finished. I had to promptly correct it of course and throw in a free arm massage just to stop her moaning to Mr Nash. And youve heard about surgeons operating on the wrong part of the anatomy by mistake, well Id also waxed a mans privates (giving him a back, sack and crack) and he only came in for a foot massage but he was too embarrassed to say anything. Besides  I could tell that the sadist enjoyed it so much that he was not complaining either so I guess my job is still safe  for now anyway.
After another exhausting day on my feet, Kim assures me that the middle part of my pregnancy will be better and I will be positively blooming. God I hope so, or I will have to take to my bed for the rest of it at this rate. Kim then drops a bombshell on me in the form of Adrian having, been taken into hospital with a suspected broken ankle. So could you be a godsend by looking after Charlie and feed him some dinner. I owe you big time already for the childcare I know, but this is an emergency and my mum is off out somewhere.
I dont mind, really I dont. Hes my Godchild after all but perhaps, I should start making a note of it in my diary so whenever I need you to look after my offspring in the future then Ill have some form of written proof with times, dates etc.
Its a deal.
It turns out that Adrian has only sprained his ankle playing silly buggers (not that I voice this expression out loud for Charlie has stopped saying it as of late and I dont want to start him off once again). It took place on a skateboard that a work colleague had bought for his son as a present and no doubt, Adrian thought he could still do something that he had not done since childhood. I can just picture him now in my minds eye showing off before the inevitable happens. What a pity nobody videoed it and put it on the internet, I say to Kim, who tried hard to hold back the snigger over the other end of the phone.
Funny you should say that. You can probably still see it for yourself if you logged on to a certain well-known website before Adrian finds out and has it removed.
As I, reply Ill have to go and watch it then, bye. I hung up the phone and raced over to my dads computer in the corner of the living room.
I was so busy laughing at Adrians repeated take on the world of Tony Hawks that I did not notice Charlie had slipped away out of sight and into the other room. I had even starting replying to some messages before I heard a noise that made me turn my head. I soon saw Charlie sheepishly run out of the dining room and close the door firmly behind him. He was not wearing his trousers and he seemed scared to me while I wondered what was going on, as it was just the two of us here. (My dad had gone to a friends house for a game of poker.) So as I approached the door, little Charlie stood in front of it and urged me not go in there.
Well if a minor told you that  then I am sure that you would take no notice and barge straight into the room  which is exactly what I did. I was surprised to find that it was ablaze with smoke and pockets of fire. So I immediately closed the door again and took little Charlie through the kitchen door and outside into the garden. I went back in to tackle the flames with added gusto for my late grandmas piano was on fire. My mother left it here for me to have lessons on according to the note my dad found long after the event (let us just say that I tried and I failed all right). Meanwhile, I grabbed a bundle of large towels and threw them into the bath and then, I made sure they were soaked through and I went back into the dining room with the dripping wet towelling leaving a soggy trail in my wake.
There were mainly three areas of fire that if left any longer then they would probably take hold and soon get completely out of control, enough to burn the whole house down. Well I could not just leave it and wait for any fire brigade to get here. The curtain was one that I put out quickly before it went any further up the material; it had Charlies slightly burnt trousers at the foot of it. There was a fire burning on the old rug, possibly caused by the fallen candlestick. Lastly, the side of the piano was black with the flames omitting from a cushion on the floor and spreading up the wallpaper. I was extremely cool, calm and collected as I went about and made damn sure that everything was, made safe.
Next  I went outside to Charlie to find out what had he been doing to cause such a dangerous situation  but I did not shout or blame. As I discover that, he only wanted to light some candles for he liked the fruity sweet smell of them. Only the candlestick fell over onto the rug and the matches had nearly burnt his fingers, so he accidentally dropped them on his trousers, which started to go up. Thankfully, he had taken them off and thrown them over by the window. The curtain then caught fire as he tried to put it out with the cushion but that also caught fire so he lashed it at the wall beside the piano. I was just so glad that he was unharmed that I could not be mad at him, for it was surely my fault anyway for leaving the matches lying around in the first place and not watching what little Charlie was getting up to. I was thoroughly, consumed with guilt so I moaned on the phone to my friend Valerie about it when saying Im clearly not capable of looking after my own baby if I cant look after someone elses child.
She replied do you want me to come on over?
No, its all right. I just wanted someone to talk to but Ive got to go . . . theres a car pulling up on the drive, bye.
It was Kim, on her way home from the hospital and picking Charlie up first. I suddenly lost my calmness and broke down in tears at what could have happened, since that is the last thing I would ever want to see is any harm come to her son whilst apologising no end. Along with begging her not to tell Adrian because he hates me enough already, after the last fiasco when Id rushed Charlie to hospital and had them all worried to death that it was something serious when it wasnt. I was, comforted by Kim perhaps it wasnt entirely your fault and I should have warned you. It is not the first time that Charlie had been attracted to burning candles. Hed once before tried to catch the flickering flames when Adrian came for a romantic dinner and wed gotten carried away on the sofa.
Where I slept?
I only have one sofa bed. Anyway, our son was supposed to be fast asleep in his bed but was actually on the table and reaching for the lit candlewick. He could have been badly burned but luckily, wed heard the noise of clattering plates and glasses so Adrian jumped up to save our son from his lack of a sense of danger.
Kids eh, you really cannot trust them for a second not to get into trouble. Mind you saying that, Im hardly a child and look at the trouble Ive gotten myself into over the years and it doesnt seem like Im about to stop, meaning my bump of course.
I was by now looking over at Charlie in a new light, no pun intended. He was certainly one to watch for the future seeing as he would become either, an arsonist or a fire fighter and I do sincerely hope it is the latter. I on the other hand had a lot of explaining to do to my dad, when he got home. He was a bit sad about the damaged piano I was hoping to pass it down through the generations, notably to your children so that they can learn to play like you did.
Dad, I was totally rubbish and can just about play a simple tune on it, you know that. So the chances of my offspring turning out to be the next Mozart are pretty slim to say the least.
I had heard that Mozart wrote Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star when he was a nipper. Do you think thats true or just a myth?
What are you asking me for? I dont know one musician to the next.
If youre calling him a musician instead of a composer, then I suppose youre not the best person to ask such a question of.
You said it! Anyway I always thought that it was Sir Paul McCartney whod written that.
No, he wrote The Frog Chorus. At least I think thats the title.
Huh . . . I bet thats Brendas favourite song, I retort.
Whos Brenda? he asks and I forgot they have never met.
Oh, nobody you know. Shes a friend of mine, I reply and leave it at that.
In the end, he was simply elated that the said baby and I were perfectly fine not to mention little Charlie. If my dad could have had me mummified in cotton wool and put in a bubble of protection, then he would have done it years ago in a bid to stop me from being hurt by the big bad world. He loves me that much  he overcompensates for the loss of a mother sometimes and it can get a tad annoying  but I do love him back for all the kindness along with the understanding that he has shown to a child that for a fact is not even his own. How many men would stick around and do that when the mum runs out on them? I am looking right at one for a start and every day I am grateful to him for standing by me and doing his best to cope with all the girlie things that a mother should have done for her daughter.
Ill tell you what . . . how about I hold a decorating party? It was my way of stressing that I will sort out the dining room with a fresh new look. It could probably do with it anyway because it is one of the rooms, which have not altered a lot since my mum left. I do not know what is it with heterosexual men for they do not seem to notice their surroundings much and the need for change. I bet it was the same back in the day of Neanderthal man, seeing as I assume it was not his idea to creatively, paint the cave walls with scenes from their life. No, it was probably the women who were sick of the same boring, plain grey rock walls. To think  you know what  it could do with a colourful spruce up and some artwork but I could be wrong for the analysis of humankind was never my forte.
It was out with the old chintzy curtains and burned rug whilst the piano was, covered over in a dustsheet. It was to be, sent off to a local French polisher who has the task of restoring the damaged walnut woodwork as best as he could. I had invited Kim and Adrian to join my dad and me; after all, they had expressed a healthy interest in helping because of their sons involvement in the first place. Then Valerie heard what was happening and she opted to come round, bringing Dale of course. I told him youll soon be feeling right at home in this room because along with the punch of colour, were teaming it with shades of coffee and cream.
That sounds tasteful. Doesnt it, Val? he replied and directing his opinion at his fiance, who nodded her approval back to us. Only I do not think Dale was too impressed with the beverage that my dad made him, for it was instant coffee and not even the expensive kind. It was wet so he drank it anyway since he must have been feeling either thirsty or polite, one or the other or both.
We stripped the walls of all the patterned wallpaper and it came off quite easily in full strips to our surprise. In fact, we girls started dressing up in the stuff for fun as I wore a hat of sorts, along with Kim in a kind of wrap dress and Valerie draped a shawl around her shoulders. Well we soon decided that it is hardly, vintage no matter how old it was. We had a ripping paper frenzy that lasted for a few minutes of laughter. Until that is, I asked whos Dale talking to on the phone? He seemed to be ages and even went into the other room for some privacy when he raised his voice. Valerie just looked at me as if I had opened her eyes for the first time and she shrugged her shoulders in response.
She doesnt have a clue and if pushed about it, then Dale will just say that it was business as usual, pipes up Kim. I could tell by Valeries face that she was not comfortable with this. While I was not comfortable wearing the stupid facial mask thing that my dad insisted I wore to protect me from breathing in the paint fumes. Not to mention, the baby as he rather annoyingly pointed out every time I tried to remove it just to speak because nobody could understand me otherwise. One surface was to be the feature wall and it was, decorated with some fancy wallpaper that the lads reapplied after us girlies got the first sheet upside down and not matched up with the second one. I knew blokes were useful for something besides making women fall hopelessly in love with them.
We all soon started to get into our stride and playfully dancing around, when the music started playing and the singing along got to full volume. Even my dad joined in for he is not normally, known for his vocal talents. It makes me wonder if I have inherited this gift from my mum. I did not mind not drinking whilst they enjoyed a beer or two, but the craving for a cigarette horribly persisted to the point that I snuck out back in-between painting the other walls to snatch a quick shame ridden drag. I know that I am in the wrong but sometimes, I am just so weak that I cannot cope with the stress of not having Adam by my side, specifically, when I see my friends so touchy-feely with the men in their lives. Only I am stubborn, I am strong and I am woman so I will bloody well cope no matter what. Do you hear me mother? Wherever it may be that, you are living nowadays.



Chapter 26


I bravely went into Mr Nashs office this morning and requested that I need to take Saturday off work in order to go to the hospital its a baby thing, I said whilst not going into too much detail since I felt that there was no need.
Why? Are you about to deliver it already? You are hardly showing for Christs sake so what can be that important? He sneered at my feeble attempt to deceive him.
Its a test but dont ask me to explain it, because you know what these medical people are like when they use fancy words to describe something when they should use laymans terms instead, I reply and look away in case he can tell that Im lying through my teeth.
Youre not fooling me; Ive employed too many women over the years not to know the maternity routine by now. You are not due at the hospital for any kind of test for another couple of months if everything is perfectly normal. So no, you cannot have Saturday off. Im still short staffed as it is with this wretched flu virus going around.
I could not very well tell him the truth seeing as it would have breached my contract, so I had to go away and think of something better. I had previously asked the new manageress Brianna but she cannot seem to make a decision without the fear of being, fired and her bosss say so. This then forced me to seek out Mr Nashs approval myself. I was busy wracking my brains and coming up with all sorts of excuses but I dont like to tempt fate since it might come back on me in the form of bad karma and I couldnt be doing with any of that, especially now that Im expecting. I was about to ask Alison if she could perhaps help me, when my mobile phone went off. It was Paige and she enquired would you be interested in leaving Mr Nashs employment and coming to work for me at the luxury spa that weve just opened?
Seriously, I couldnt be more delighted at the thought of getting away from Mr Nashty and the newbie Brianna, who was already in her bosses good books for grassing me up about my overuse of products on clients which is costing this company a small fortune according to their cost cutting scheme. It would also mean no more Janine (hurrah). I agreed on the spot yeah, I sure would. We made further arrangements that settled any queries I might have otherwise had but at the end of the day  I will miss amicable Alison and I expressed this problem to Paige  who had surprised me with the news that she was going to try to poach my young trainee too. Well I wasted no time at all, in marching back up to Mr Nashs office and barging straight in. He was not there, so I searched the place high and low whilst sweeping through the hair and beauty departments. I had figured that he was in his apartment on the top floor and once again, I did not knock even though the door was only slightly open.
Mr Nash was seated in a high back leather chair and stretching his neck upwards for it to be attentively shaved by his man friend, Mr Chan. I noticed immediately the terrible scar that alluded from his prominent skin. As he quickly flung a hot towel around, his jaw and neck to cover the sight before me. Mr Chan backed away into another room and Mr Nash just leaned over and grabbed his coffee whilst insisting tell me what the hell youre doing in my private quarters? Ive a good mind to sack you on the spot. I also backed swiftly away from his loud bark and bumped into a large bust of a mans face that I did not recognise, whilst nearly knocking it over before I grabbed it with both hands. I am suddenly so flummoxed that I temporarily forgot why I was there as my mouth went dry and my words eluded me for a whole minute.
Err, ah . . . well . . . I . . . huh.
Spit it out, you imbecile, shouts Mr Nash as he looks up at me with suspicious eyes.
Im leaving your employment. So you dont have to fire me when I dont come in on Saturday, I said. While wishing that I had some coffee to swig on too, because my mouth is as dry as Ghandis flip-flop to quote a famous saying (I heard another way of putting it the other day and it meant the same thing but had to do with nuns privates, only Ive too much respect for them to say that).
You cant leave just because you cant have Saturday off. I am at present, short staffed. I told you all this before, do you not listen? Nobody ever listens properly anymore.
I think it is you, Mr Nash that does not listen. I said that I was resigning and I meant it. I have been headhunted, yes I think that is the term for it and I am going to work for Paige . . . so I guess this is goodbye. Oh by the way, I dont want a leaving do. I turned on my heel and made my way back downstairs to the sounds of Mr Nash shouting obscenities and then, the crash of that ceramic bust hitting the hard floor echoed throughout the stairwell.
I finished off the rest of the week, aware that Mr Nash was avoiding me for he was still pretty angry with me for letting him down (in his eyes anyhow, having told everyone around me that he was right not to let me have the promotion for Im not in the lease bit loyal). I did not care seeing as he seemed to think that I had also influenced Alison in some way to follow suit. We were both due to begin our new positions next week and I could not wait for the fresh start. It would be a new chapter in my book of life which began with the bad news that I was dumped and then, the mixed feelings of pregnancy followed by a renewal of the love that I have for my dad (the man who not only raised me but continues to raise me up). Who knows what will happen next because I dread to speculate but at least I am, excited by the coming challenge.
Well here I am, backstage at the fancy Victorian theatre in Manchester in full costume and Brenda is thankfully once again by my side. It nearly killed me to keep this secret but somehow, I managed not to tell either Kim or Valerie. Do not ask me how because I am not sure how myself, apart from me avoiding being alone with them at all costs. Anyway back to this thing where they had to basically stitch me into this tight Goth looking, long black lacy skirt since it had to be slightly, altered to fit me rather than Carries slightly smaller frame. I even had to remove my knickers for the VPL was too apparent. Brenda has been a Godsend and a tower of strength to me, as she holds my hand and physically stops me from shaking so much with nerves that the people around me might think I have a drink problem.
The camera adds ten pounds they mutter as I am breathing in and holding it until the tailor finishes the stitches or I pass out, whichever comes first. I think there is a mini earthquake that is taking place because I am swaying that much. I want to back out at the last minute and runaway from the spotlight, but Brenda makes me concentrate on my breathing instead in a bid to calm me down. As the two of us are busy panting away in unison like a couple of pedigree dogs at the show trials. I am finally ready to do my warm-up voice exercises and get my mind into gear for show time is about to begin.
Remember, youre doing this for your baby. What more incentive do you need than that? says Brenda and I realise that she is right. This has nothing to do with what I want anymore but what is best for my childs future.
I wonder if my mum thought that when she left me. Did she think it was for the best?
I am sorry, kid . . . I cannot answer that. Only your mother can.
This situation soon finds me strolling around the corridors in a bid to get a feel for the place as I try to get my head around it when I discover that I am not the only nervous performer to grace this area, for one very famous face is throwing up into a bucket just before taking to the stage. His entourage of people gather by the exit stage left to support him on his return. Well I am glad too that I have at least one person with me for encouragement, for I would have never done this alone. I make a whispered comment in passing to one of the camp blokes and stating I suffer with my nerves as well, so I know exactly how your boss feels.
He holds his hand across his mouth to muffle the sounds of laughter and then tells me its the drink thats to blame, not nerves ducky. The cocky bastard cant hold his ale thats all.
It is just me then. I look towards Brenda  who doesnt seem in the least bit fazed by all the palaver of show business either for I expect shes seen it all before  having dealt with many a famous and it has to be said slightly dubious client on her books in her former life. I am on next and already fretting about something going wrong, like forgetting my lines and not moving around the stage to be in the right place at the right time. When I recall that, I am miming so if it is good enough for the likes of every other modern pop star then I can do it too. All I have to do is be dramatic with plenty of arm waving and precious pouts of crushing despair. I also have to realise that this is the fourth time this year that I will be on a stage and being, judged. First off there was the Karaoke contest where I did a singing impression of Carrie Coyle. Then the beauty competition where I was a cherry tree, followed by the rehearsal when I had to prove to Mitch Mathews that I could do it for real and now this, so I should be getting better at pretending to be something Im not by now.
Oh my God, the name of Carrie Coyle has just been, announced and a dead microphone is, thrust into my trembling hands. My legs will not move so Brenda gently but persuasively pushes me into a falling forward motion rather than gracefully moving onto the stage behind the curtain. They gradually open and I am plunged into darkness, before the spotlight picks me up in order to follow me around the gothic set. My worst nightmare comes true, not only is this going out live around the world but the English monarch is sitting up on the balcony and watching my every move. The track that I am supposed to be miming to suddenly stops. While I just pretend to be, swept up in a moment of heavy guilt whilst the spotlight spins around the stage in a feeble, attempt to distract the audience and plunge them into a state of confusion. They are not the only one, I see people either side of the stage looking rather peeved about what has happened.
I tell myself not to panic just as a stagehand rushes up to me in the darkness at the edge of the stage right and then, he thrusts a live microphone into my other hand in a bid to replace the dud one that I was holding so tightly that my knuckles had turned white with fear. He whispers to me that there is a technical problem and I will have to sing live without even music to aid my vocal performance. (That means a cappella style.) He obviously doesnt know that Im not the real deal so this could go either way and it could very well lead to my comeuppance and the end of life as she knows it for one, Carrie Coyle. Not to mention, that Mitch Mathews will hate me and probably kill me to boot. There is no pressure there then.
The spotlight falls back on me so I take a deep breath and sing with all my might, for I did not want to let anyone down (let alone me). I glide majestically across the stage and blow out the candles one by one whilst I, deliver the performance of my lifetime and totally got into the zone as they say. I tried my best I really did and I was not sure how the audience would react until they did so, with a standing ovation. Would anyone have believed it if it was, said in jest that this would happen? I do not think I will ever come down from this feeling of elation and pride that they actually love me. No, hold on  they do not appreciate me  they adore Carrie Coyle. Oh well, for a second there, I liked me too but I am sure it will not last. I do my version of a curtsey to the Queen seeing as I am not quite sure how to do a proper one and my gallant efforts will have to do.
Indeed, I walk off that stage a very different person to the one who walked on it for I have a new sense of confidence that has suddenly washed over me and I feel that I could surely rule the world at this point. (To command peace on earth and an end to poverty, corruption and the abuse of power and nature not to mention freedom of speech, will and the right for a child to be a child and a woman should stand equal to man. You know the little issues that ruin this great planet of ours, well that would all be a part of my beauty queen speech anyhow.) I probably spoke too soon with the right to choose what you do bit as I am now being told that I have to line-up and meet the Queen. I am, instructed to only, speak to her if she speaks to me and I am to call her Mam as in jam. And not, Mom as in hom, I am jokily told by the American man next to me, who is a comedian of sorts for he also does impressions. I do not recall him getting that many laughs whilst on the stage with his political satire let alone a standing ovation like moi as in, some other French word that I cannot think of right now.
So there I am, standing in the long line-up of stars and rehearsing in my head, what I will say to her majesty if she speaks to me first. I am more nervous now than I was before. In fact, as she gets closer down the line I think I might just either throw up or faint, one or the other or both in that order for I would literally lie down and die with shame. She is getting nearer and nearer as I start breathing deeply whilst the wrong words are swirling around my head, but I must not say them aloud I sternly tell myself this. The Queen does not bother speaking to our American cousin beside me and just gives him a welcoming smile as he bows his head at her. Of course, I remember my manners and I will be giving her a respectful curtsey, but Brenda stressed after I had left the stage earlier on that I am to do it a lot lower than before because that one felt a bit half-hearted to be honest.
Only, I start to feel the strain on the sewn material of my costume stretching to breaking point. So I shoot up instantly like a page from a pop-up book and its a good job shes not standing any closer or Id have head butted her chin on the way up by accident. The Queen asks me something about being hot underneath all that makeup and it must take an age to apply. While I nervously reply, I feel like I already know you so well, for Ive licked the back of her head many times before. I mean, on stamps. My attempt at humour did not go down too well since she pressed her lips into a forced smile of one that is not being terribly amused. It is a good job she cannot demand that they be off with my head nowadays, or this court jester would surely get the chop. I bet now that she wished that she had talked to the comedian instead for he might have genuinely made her laugh unlike moi (which should be French for smartarse).
All of a sudden, I feel the force of nature coming up my windpipe but I cant possibly vomit all over our royal sovereign so I spin around and bend down to be sick in the tuba instrument which belonged to the brass band member that was standing next to me for he had it resting against his leg. Meanwhile my tight skirt decides to gives way and unfortunately, I end up baring my bare arse at her majesty. I heard the instant click of cameras and already know the outcome since I will not now be, remembered for my great performance after all but only for mooning the Queen of England instead.
When I recall that, it is not me, who they will be mentioning in the tabloids but Carrie Coyle. As I fret over my payment now that this has happened. In the eyes of Mitch Mathews I have surely, royally mucked up the evening, which was to have been my greatest achievement so far in my pathetic little life. Brenda wipes away the last remnants of bile from my lipstick, covered mouth whilst Mitch Mathews rushes up to my side and congratulates me my girl that was an outstanding performance. It will be making news as we speak.
Im surprised that youre not mad at me for the incident with the Queen.
That was what I was talking about.
Apparently, it will now not only go global but stratospheric whatever that means and Carrie Coyle herself could not have generated this much press coverage. He is literally in seventh heaven and kisses me full on  on the mouth that probably still stinks of sick and even more yucky  hes such a sloppy kisser that I want to hurl all over again. It is a real shame though that I cannot have something to tell the grandkids out of this whole experience when all is said and done. I am, reminded of my legal and binding contract, which goes by the formal title of being a non-disclosure agreement. But hey, never mind, Im still getting paid so thats a big bonus and can I get a hurrah, woo-hoo and any other expressions to promote happiness are appropriate at this stage in the game. Besides, any offspring of mine would probably not believe me anyhow and just think that granny has gone senile or something whilst living in cloud cuckoo land. Brenda and I know the truth, so we share a moment of glorious glee together which involves pigging out on the wonderfully expensive, designer cupcakes laid on in the dressing room. There are some advantages to being Carrie Coyle and I intend to exploit them.



Chapter 27


I really must invest in a Sat-Nav one of these days, for I have already nearly wiped out a family of four when a gust of wind flew through my open window and blew up the large map right into my face (I had borrowed it off my dad). Perhaps, I should not have had it resting on the steering wheel but how else will I circumnavigate these wild and winding country roads all by myself. I had the window down too, for Id just parked the car in a bus lane whilst I leaned out to ask the old dear sitting in the bus shelter which way was the correct route. She was not even English, never mind being a local as she muttered something in another language back at me. It makes me feel like a foreigner in my own backyard so to speak because she was of no help at all, so I may as well be on a different continent essentially as far as being lost was concerned.
For I blindly drive on and hope for the best, at this rate I will probably end up in the middle of Wales soon and as much as I like the place and the people, it is not where I need to be. This is because all the bloody signposts are either none and void or covered over by hedges and trees. Honestly, I do not know what I pay my taxes for if this is the state of play seeing as I hit another pothole in the extremely knackered road and across an ancient crumbling bridge (probably an original leftover from the roman invasion and I dont know, you cant expect anything to last these days). Then I spot another sign but can I read it, no I bloody well cannot so I suddenly pullover and jump out of my vehicle for surely this Babington Court must be around here somewhere. Yes  I thought the same when I heard the name  because it sounds a little bit too much like badminton court to be actually, taken seriously as a spa rather than a leisure centre.
Anyway, here I am halfway up a tree with my white therapist outfit hiked up to free my legs for climbing whilst trying desperately to break off the branch that was covering the words on the signpost. (I know that its starting to look like I have a vendetta against trees because of me spanking my car with a branch way back when  but really I love trees honestly I do and everyone should plant one  not only the royals and whats that all about?) Anyhow, this Bobby on the beat happens to pass by. Why was there no sign of him when I needed to ask directions off him? However, the minute I am in the process of vandalising this tree well he just happens to appear from out of nowhere. What are you doing up there, get down before you fall and kill us both.
Im lost, I reply and start to get down but soon realise that the tree has got its revenge for Im snagged on one of the branches and will need some assistance so its a good job hes turned up. I must have been a bit brain dead today and quite forgot that Im responsible for not only my health but the health of my baby, so what was I thinking when I put us both in such danger.
You are telling me that you are lost . . . around here. Its usually the cats that need rescuing from trees and not the ladies.
Yeah thanks for reminding me. If youll just unhinge me, then I can be on my way, if only I knew which direction to go in.
Where is it that youre trying to find?
Im on my way to Babington Court.
He kindly lets me off with a warning about the broken branch and I feel like a naughty girl for wanting to sort things out by myself and without the help of the grownups, after which, he informs me if you stick on this road then itll eventually lead to where it is that you want to go. The police officer hops back on his pushbike, probably to arrest some other hardened criminal like the litterbug who was in the car in front of me earlier on.
This particular bloke Im on about was positively leaving a trail of rubbish behind him in his wake, when hed tossed out empty cans and crisp packets not to mention the obligatory coffee cup that had Dales branded emblem on it. Dale will not be pleased at all to find out that his green credentials are losing their shade and turning black, as in death to the planet with his decaying and disregarded garbage. The man in the red car probably did it so he could find his way back to where it is that he came from (seeing as he cant rely on the signposts around here) and its just like the story which Id recently read to Charlie and why didnt I think of doing that. God knows I have enough crap in this car to fill a skip or two and to find my way back from Scotland if I employed that method. The man in question had even suddenly thrown out of his window the entire contents of his overflowing ashtray and of course, I happened to catch a mouthful of it whilst leaning out of my window in trying to read the next bloody signpost.
I hope Paige will be very understanding about my tardiness on my first day in the new job. Because alas, it was not my fault that I set off at dawn in a bid to allow for traffic and finding my way only to still end up getting lost and becoming late. Believe me, when you have seen one country potholed road surrounded by the same hedgerows and endless rows of green trees, well you have seen them all. (Talk about boring; give me a built-up area anytime with lots of interesting building to look at). Why, I was surely driving around in circles for most of the time. Not for want of trying, I finally reach the iron gates having travelled up a lime tree grove. I discover that they, are shut but I was under the impression that they have already opened for business. So anyhow, I have to announce my arrival into an intercom on a post. Then a muddy white van pulls up behind me and I move up a bit so that he can speak into the intercom too.
I do not believe it. It is the very same dude, who sold me the glow-in-the-dark teeth gel stuff. Therefore, I shoot out of my car to make a formal complaint. He can immediately tell by my angry expression that I am not a happy bunny. So he winds his window up and locks his doors whilst I go to start my rant  but I am stopped in mid sentence for the iron gates are automatically banging into the front of my car  seeing as they open outwards not inwards as Id wrongly assumed and Im parked right in the way. Hereby, I dash back inside my vehicle and honk the horn in order to get the stupid driver of the white van to back up quickly, just so that I can too. He has the words CLEANING IT TOMMOROW written into the dirt on the side of the van. (Yeah right and tomorrow never comes.)
I come to a stop once the both of us are through the gates and spring out of my car and luckily, they have not done any damage but I will to this bloke if he does not give me my money back along with added compensation for the stress endured. He takes his flat cap off and scratches his balding knucklehead; his heavy over brow makes his small brown eyes recede into the back of his skull as he then winds down his window just enough to get a fifty quid note through before it goes back up again. Well I stand my ground and go nowhere fast, so he pops another twenty through the slit. Here you go, lady . . . take it and leave me alone. OK! I think he is just paying me to go away and get out of his face because he obviously knows that I work here judging by my outfit. Perhaps, I can make trouble for him with the boss and that is why he paid me off so readily and not because he feels guilty and should have done so anyway. I agree to let it lie and jump back in my car to head up to Babington Court along the gravely road. This reminds me of the last place I was at that looked a bit like this; it was as a teenager in the sweltering heat of my dads backseat while my friend and I watched the animals in the safari park. This time however, the monkey is not on the bonnet and making off with the windscreen wipers but actually driving the vehicle behind me instead.
We reach the grand building that is Babington Court with a massive fountain in the middle of the gravel driveway depicting a cheeky faced stone cherub and I now know where Ive seen that from before as this place was advertised in our local businesses magazine. Besides reminding me of Charlie when he was caught peeing into the holy font at his Christening. There is a little signpost that directs us staff and deliveries to the side entrance, rather than the multi-stepped and magnificent pillared one at the front of the stately home. I am, still being, followed by monkey man as I do not know what else to call him and it is probably kinder than a few other names I can think of. I hastily park up a little too enthusiastically and end up knocking over a potted plant on a metal stand. The plant will hopefully, survive its foray into the bushes behind it as I shove it back inside the soil with gusto. Then I race to the side entrance which is hidden behind a wicker fence, this has a long concrete ramp going up to it for wheelchair access and deliveries that are being brought in by the likes of monkey man. To put it another way white-van-man is a derogatory term I know, but that sums him up nicely because we all have opinions on them and their driving/road rage skills. The cheeky sod, he watches me suspiciously as if I am the conman around here.
I wonder what he has to offer a place like this for I do not know if they know that he is just a dodgy market seller and will probably sell them something that is highly toxic while we will all, come down with arsenic poisoning and here is me with a baby to protect. God I need a fag or something resembling one as I shove a pen in my gob instead. I am greeted by a smiling Alison  who although lives further away than me and in the opposite direction  she still managed to get here on time and way before me. I really hope that we have done the right thing and this whole, new venture turns out to be a good move since I have not gotten off to the best of starts this morning.
A beautiful black woman named Rowena with luscious bright pink lips offers to show us around and explain our duties whilst pointing out the rules and regulations (I am more interested in where she got that neon lipstick from). I also wonder where Paige is, situated in this glorious place as it is certainly palatial in all its grand settings and dcor. We start our official tour outside in the vast gardens that spread out beyond us in a formal style that emanates pure class. I find out that this Victorian palace was some sort of lunatic asylum in the past, or whatever it is that they call these types of places nowadays. I think the name I am searching for is perhaps, rehab, I am not sure. Rowena prefers the term nuthouse instead and it could still be, viewed as one. For everyone is wandering around here in suitable attire while the staff wear white uniforms/shoes and the patients, sorry clients in dressing gowns and slippers whilst being so relaxed and chilled out that they are practically horizontal even when standing upright.
We are shown the holistic spa treatment rooms of which the guests book into, in advance but you always get one who thinks theyre too important or too rich to avoid such trivialities and they just turn up expecting this and that, says Rowena.
I had a few clients of my own back in The Royal Treatment like that, I replied and thinking about Mrs (motor mouth) Minnelli. I swear that I am having flashbacks seeing as I can suddenly hear the screechy tones of her vocal cords penetrating my brain tenfold. Only it is not a bad dream for there she is in the flesh and I mean that literally, because she is naked and receiving a session of Crystal Healing. She is busy moaning about her husband working all the time and the poor man never being at home. That is so he can probably afford to pay, for his wife to attend places like this I want to shout out but restrain myself.
I soon discover a few other former clients that are having various Wrap treatments, or in the Hot Hydro pool. While I wonder if Paige has poached all the rich clientele from The Royal Treatment because that is the way it is looking to me. Rowena finally leads us into Paiges office and I feel a bit more on solid ground, so I relax a little and take in the sweet smelling scent of the burning incense sticks, which stand proud on little stands before the big Buddha head. Youre late, Paige mutters, as she does not look up from the many papers on her desk.
I know, Im sorry . . . but if theyd only signpost the place better along the roads, then Id have been here well on time, I say as I take a seat in front of her large wooden desk but Alison remains standing until she is formally waved to take a seat by Paige. Always Miss bloody Goody-two-shoes, I really will have to corrupt that girl before I am done.
Yes I know . . . we are trying to get that sorted along with a lot of other stuff because if the clients cannot find us. How can they come here for treatments, right? Paige shoved a couple of the fancy brochures our way.
Well it sure is a magnificent place youve got here, I announce and nod my head in approval.
Its not like you to use big words like that, replies my boss.
Yeah youre right, its mega more like.
We browse through the colourful leaflets with interest since it depicts the holistic treatments on offer here. And Im intrigued to find out how much they charge for such things as a session of Reiki which focuses on the Chakras  otherwise known as the universal life energy centres of the body  or for the use of a Floatation Room that supposedly takes you back to the womb itself. I have never even heard of Hopi-Ear Candles so I hope they do not want me to do that, whatever it is. And as far as Colour Therapy goes, I think were back on the mental theme again with that one seeing as I for one love my mixture of happy shades whether they suit me or not. Mind you, I do fancy a bit of Indian Head Massage and the Reflexology offered here maybe the one treatment that Ive longed believed in to help combat the stress and strains of modern life along with any other type of massage of course, being that they are one of my specialities.
We are, told by Paige Rowena will be your tutor in the treatments that you guys need to get accustomed with. Only youll have to learn them quickly because were understaffed and I have to put you two to work soon as.
I keep hearing this. Everyone these days seems to be coming down with that dreaded flu virus that doing the rounds. I hope I dont get it, Im the worse kind of patient there is as I dont like being forced to stay in bed where I get so bored and tetchy that I take it out on the people around me, I reply and look at Alison as shes still studying the brochure but says nothing. Being pregnant, I did get the jab so I should be all right and with fingers crossed, so should my baby. (And if Id had something else crossed like my legs for instance then I wouldnt be in this predicament full stop, is what Im repeatedly told by Kim when I moan about it).
I feel sorry for my dad if he has to look after me whilst I suffer through any form of discomfort, mind you, he will be in his element at the very thought of being a nursemaid to his one and only sick child. God I hope nobody gives me one of those annoying musical get-well cards, because I would surely get off my deathbed and strangle them for their kind gesture as I look across at Alison once more and smile. (She did thank me for hers but I bet it went straight in the outside bin just to stop the sound from being, heard inside her head and the house a moment longer than absolutely, necessary.) I must confess that there is something sadistic about me sometimes because I do like to get under peoples skin. I guess it is my way of not being, so easily forgotten and we are back to the abandonment issues again seeing as my own mother had clearly neglected to admit that I even existed. She probably hated me too but you know what, the more I think about it the less I am starting to care.



Chapter 28


Having just received a phone call from Brenda, Brenda, Brenda well I sat down and felt sad (not in a personal way you understand because I didnt really know her mother) but for all her brave words I could tell that she was rather upset but trying hard not to show it. I was surprised that Brenda even asked me along to the funeral of her late mother since I have only met the woman once when she was gravely ill in that nursing home. But I agreed to go out of respect for Brenda and what she has done for me, besides being an all round good egg that I can call on at any time to be there for me and that alone is worth its weight in gold. I intend to repay her with my continued friendship of this strong vibrant woman who I look up to in more ways, than one for she becomes a kind of surrogate mother to me.
It was chucking it down and I mean by the bucket load when I got up this morning, so to say that I was not feeling up to this outing already is a huge understatement. To tell the truth, I cannot, just not go because Brenda has never let me down and she never would as far as I could see. I got in my car and brought along my dads black and white stripy golfing umbrella (not that he ever used it for such purposes since he does not play golf in the rain or any other weather condition come to that). And seeing as its big enough for two (elephants by the size of it) then it should do the deed nicely of keeping not only us dry but anyone else that cared to share it. Speaking of umbrellas  I have recently acquired a brand-new one for myself that fits snugly around my shoulders  well I had to because I had left my old one in The Royal Treatment. And I didnt fancy going back for it and bumping into Mr Nashty or Janine and frankly, having to put up with any snide remarks that theyd care to make about me spying on them and trying to poach whats left of their clients.
The umbrella that belongs to me is pretty much like the one that I had as a child. I used to sit on my front step and watch the world go by in the pouring rain (strange I know but thats what I liked to do) only I didnt get wet because I was safely tucked up inside my protective bubble of see-through plastic with my legs pressing into my chest. Obviously  I dont do that anymore  cant fit anyhow but I like the fact that I can walk about town in all weathers and see perfectly where Im going and whos bumping into me, without taking out someones eye with an umbrella because its safely cocooning my upper torso and everything else above that. Believe me, when you live in the wettest part of the country then an umbrella is so important that you never leave home without it.
Anyway, back to today. I got out of my vehicle at the address given to me by Brenda only to find myself in a car park that is, separated by a low fence, which is in front of a field of headstones and a blended mass of flowers, cuddly toys and pictures in frames and such paraphernalia. My eyes did not know what to focus on first because I knew that if I did then they would start to well up and I would not be able to see anything at that point. I am staring into space, lost in my own thoughts because this eerie place has that kind of effect on me. Especially when there is a mist (not the thick one because that would be fog but a light hazy one from all the rain instead) and it shrouds the scene in a sense of doom and gloom which I suppose is fitting with what it represents. I stay like this for a whole minute I guess until I am broken out of its spell by the sight of a damp squid wandering towards me. Not literally of course for its only Brenda and shes forgotten her umbrella so shell be very grateful of sharing mine, which is the reason I brought this big one along instead of my new one like I explained earlier on.
Whats with the patio umbrella? Brenda asks in jest and I am glad that she is not all morbid and sobbing her heart out.
I know . . . if it had four poles running down the sides then you could mistake it for a mini marquee, couldnt you? I reply and continuing the good-natured banter.
Shove over then, kid and let me under. Dont worry about the flowers getting wet, theyll be drenched soon enough, she says and ducks for cover under the umbrella.
As you can see . . . Ive worn the old, loose black trousers like youd instructed but you never said . . . why?
Ill explain everything in a bit, when were alone, she replied and turned to welcome the mature woman who was dressed in a long black Mac and wearing a black hat with a wide brim to cover her face and hair from getting wet since she didnt have an umbrella as well. She held two containers in her arms. One was wooden with a brass plate adorning the top of it and being bigger than the other one, which was made of white cardboard and had black printed lettering in a swirly font to say the name of the person to whom it belonged along with the relevant numbers to signal the important dates.
Whats in the boxes? Are they gifts? I asked and wondered who brings presents to a funeral. I mean it is not as if the dead can open them and enjoy them afterwards.
Thats my mother, well whats left of her anyhow, says Brenda and taking the top one off the wooden one and its only then that I realise that shes already been cremated and will not be getting buried in the traditional sense.
Oh I see, but why are there two boxes?
My mother wanted half of her to be put in the ground with my father and the other half to be scattered in a place that meant a lot to her.
Right . . . which half of her does she want putting where?
You are kidding . . . its not a case of cutting the body in half you know and separating them so the top half can go in one place and the bottom half in another.
I knew that . . . I was only making polite conversation, I lie.
I hope the rain stops soon because this is only the start of it and theres more to come, says Brenda and adjusting the white lily flowers in her hand.
What do you mean? Whats to come?
Like I said earlier, I will explain later when we are alone and done here.
Yeah, I get that but what I dont get is why your parents want to be buried together when they werent together for most of their life?
Oh they loved each other all right, but just couldnt live together and neither of them ever remarried or had any other significant relationships.
Sounds like my dad. Hes never moved on either and still lives at the same address, I joke but it washes over Brenda.
I follow Brenda over to her car thats parked up nearby, well I had to because shed have got soaked otherwise and she pops the white cardboard box onto the front passenger seat. We then return to the woman in charge of proceedings and we walk behind her as she leads the way through the burial site. It is, positioned next to a lovely looking old church but has nothing to do with it since this is ground that is not so much sacred in a religious manner but is in fact, owned by the local government council. Brenda tells me that she got a very good price on the double plot and it was much cheaper and nicer than many other private premises that she had been to see on her list of final resting places. I did not know she was so organised (judging by the amount of clutter in her apartment) but then again  she has spent her entire adult life getting the best deal and sorting out other peoples lives  being a showbiz agent and all.
It made me wonder what happens to the people who have no one to do that for them and I found out that they are, cremated and the council will pay for it out of the taxpayers money if the deceased person cannot cover the costs themselves. Then the ashes are, scattered over at the far end of the field by the big old wonderful trees and what a view they have to feast their souls on as it looks across the beautiful valley down below. I would not mind ending up here, but I do hope it is not anytime soon may I add. Anyway, back to the small deep hole in the ground where another wooden box lay beside it on the fake grass (the type that you find in greengrocer shops). Is that your father in there?
Yeah . . . Im reburying him here. His name was Alfred and from what I have heard about him after his death . . . well, he was great to the people who knew him. Unfortunately, I was not one of them. All thanks to my mother, God rest her soul and forgive her for that.
Is that a direct dig at me for not letting Adam, know about the baby?
I say it like it is, kid and if it hits home then Im sorry about that, she replies as her mother is placed on the ground next to her father side by side and from what I can make out, its been a while since that occurred.
Before I said anything back, the woman in charge says would you or your friend like to do the honour of putting your late father into the ground first?
Ill do both if you dont mind, said Brenda and I was not about to argue with her over this for I am here for moral support and nothing else.
A bloke in a long dark raincoat and weatherproof hat was standing to one side and obviously wanting to make his good self, invisible whilst next to the mound of earth that had been, covered over with more of the fake green grass. I figured that he was the gravedigger, as he stood tall with his head bowed and trying to hide the spade behind his back. The woman (I did not catch her name) then picks up the fathers box and is ready to hand it over to Brenda. The woman suggested you can kneel down here by the side and lower it in gently.
Oh, I thought you had some kind of rope or ribbon that I could use. I cannot kneel down, I have arthritis and my joints are shot. I would run the risk of falling in head first if I try, says Brenda and the woman smiles at her in order to make her feel better. I on the other hand had a funny vision pop into my head that I dismissed immediately, because this is supposed to be a sombre occasion and not a humorous one after all.
Would you like me to do it for you? It does look a bit deep, I offer.
All right, kid . . . youre on and I knew there was a reason for inviting you along.
So I get down on my knees and Im handed the mini casket which I lower into the ground and its a lot deeper than it looks and Im now fretting that I might fall in, never mind Brenda and her rickety old knees. I stay down there and wait to be, offered the second one in order to pop that one on top. Only there is a pause whilst Brenda is, offered a tub of earth so she takes a handful and sprinkles it onto the wooden box that I have just deposited into the ground. Then I am, offered to do the same thing while I do not as much pinch just a bit when I grab enough in my bare hand to cover the entire brass plate. I am, left with a muddy paw now and my fingernails have never been so full of dirt in my whole life. (No, strike that as I think back to the mud pies with Charlie.) It is also rapidly coming to my attention that I am getting a nasty cramp, seeing as I have been squatting down here for what seems like ages whilst Brenda recites one of those poems that she knows off by heart. When she finishes, I hold out my hands to receive the other wooden box but Brenda insists Ill do my mother since this ones a bit higher up than the other one. I could have, been told all this sooner when I struggle to get up and back onto my feet since my legs were starting to go dead (no pun intended).
Brenda takes the wooden box off the woman and I wonder how she is going to kneel down whilst holding it and I have definitely upped the odds on her falling in now. However, there is no one to bet with around here so I am wondering whether to get out my camera phone in order to capture it on screen but that seems very inappropriate given the circumstances as such. This finds me pondering about why you never see a photographer at a funeral, because they can sure cost a pretty penny and you go to all that trouble to make it special but you have nothing to look back on and show to the grandkids. I mean we photograph every other part of our lives (and post it online) so why not our big finale too?
Mind you, that is, one morbid job that I would not like to have and I do not know how they cope around here with always having to look so serious and glum. I know that I moan that I have to smile a lot in my working environment but jeez  I could not be doing with all that misery and frankly  it would drive me to drink. Only you do not see many drunken funeral directors staggering in front of the possession and stinking of alcohol whilst singing about an Irish lad called Danny. I guess it takes a certain kind of person to do this and obviously, I am not one of them.
The bloke that was standing in front of us to one side is suddenly and silently behind us as thats clearly the best vantage view point to witness Brenda widen her legs akimbo style and straddle the mini grave so as not to have to do any kneeling. She bent down and lowered the wooden box with the intention of gently placing it on top of the other one. Only, she misjudged the depth and let go far too soon so that her mother landed with a loud thud on top of her father when one box hit the other. As Brenda said, my mother would have enjoyed the chance to lay into him once more. I knew I should have videoed it, for we burst out laughing. That included the mature woman and the bloke since they now had smiles on their faces too, until like before. Brenda went on to say aloud another poem that was close to her heart and we repeated the soil thing and my hands got even dirtier. And then, a couple of white lilies were thrown down onto the top of her mothers box along with a big fat worm that Brenda found in the tub of earth as she said thatll keep them company and from what Ive heard,  they never argued in front of a third party so perhaps theyll behave themselves in the afterlife.
We took a walk around the cemetery in the rain that at least had eased to a light drizzle by now. Before we stopped at the far end to wait whilst the bloke filled in the hole and laid the heavy, black granite headstone that had their combined details carved out in gold along with a message of love from Brenda (their only child). We dare not sit on the sodden benches for our wetness would then be, transferred to the car seats afterwards. It wasnt long before we made our way back and it was only then that I saw Brenda show any kind of emotion, when shed wiped a couple of tears away and kissed her fingers before bending down and laying a hand on the cold hard surface of the headstone in a bid to say goodbye. After which, Brenda thanked the gravedigger and the woman in charge of proceedings and then we were off in her car and I did not have the foggiest where we were going. I was a bit, put out at having to travel in the back seat whilst her mother was to ride up front for the very last time complete with seatbelt at the ready because God forbid anything untoward happened to her remains at this stage before Brenda could dispose of the ashes in the correct manner. At least the rain had stopped altogether now and there would be no further use for my dads huge umbrella.
So, what are you going to do with yourself now that you no longer have to look after your mother?
This retirement thing is well overrated to be honest, kid. I am already through half of the books on my to read list and I have never been one for hobbies or sports but I am ready for a change of scenery.
Are you thinking of moving to a new home?
Hell no, I am settled where I am. I was thinking of booking a cruise and doing a bit of travelling, see a bit more of the world before I croak.
 Adam always said that hed like to broaden his mind in that way too.
I thought you didnt want to talk about him.
I dont. Are we there yet? I ask childishly as I still did not have a clue as to where that final resting place would be  but I would have thought that it would be somewhere a bit more special than this  as we pull up into a vacant slot in the underground car park of the ugly concrete building in the centre of town. Is this it? The place where your mother wanted her ashes to be scattered, I ask and looking at the many vehicles that lined the rows around us.
God no, I am just parking here. Now grab hold of this and Ill get the scissors, she replies and hands over the white cardboard box that contains the other half of her mother.
What are you going to cut?
Turn out your trouser pocket and Ill show you. I did as was directed and Brenda did the same before making a slit across the bottom of both.
Are we going to do what I think were going to do?
Yeah, kid . . . now youve got it.
But theres cameras everywhere nowadays so I dont think you can just go around disposing of death bodies here, there and anywhere without permission from the local council, the government or the European high courts of human rights come to that, I say. Whilst wondering if we are going to go to jail for this, perhaps I could call Adrian and find out.
I have not go time, for Brenda is marching off and heading towards the lift before I can even think straight. I join her and her mother inside the small box like room that passes for an elevator around her and it rather reminds me of being inside a metal coffin for two or one very large occupant since I have heard that everything is, made bigger nowadays all because of the growing obesity problem. Anyway, we wander out and onto the street outside the building and Brenda glances up at the sign in order to get her bearings and then, she heads off again with me in hot pursuit and carrying the cardboard container that holds her mother. Brenda suddenly stops and points with the scissors that are still in her hand to the market stalls that are across the busy road. Oh no, not there of all places, I say and looking thoroughly disappointed at the final home from home like it was my own destiny.
That market has been here for over two centuries and some of those years were spent providing the happiest childhood memories that my mother had. So listen up, kid. This is her choice, not mine.
Just out of curiosity, what would be your choice? I mean, Ive never given it much thought.
I dont think you do when youre young and youve got your whole life ahead of you. But I on the other hand, well, Im getting on a bit now and when someone close to you dies, it makes you think about your own funeral.
And . . . what have you decided?
I want to be cremated and my ashes mixed in with some aquatic soil and put in a lovely pond with plants and frogs all around me. Perhaps a bench nearby with my name on a brass plate would be nice too, she replied and I nearly come back with  just like your home life now  but bit my bottom lip instead.
God, please do not let me die here because I do not want my soul to be staggering aimlessly around this tatty place and looking for the exit, which leads to the stairway to heaven. We finally get across the road after dodging all the heavy traffic and literally taking our lives in our own hands. I glance up and down the pavement which is teaming with people all going about their daily business whilst I wonder how were going to pull this off, seeing as I do hope Brenda doesnt intend to say out loud one of her long poems again. Brenda then opens up the box lid and takes out the clear plastic bags. I take note that there are two, of equal proportion so she must have planned this all along. What if I would have said no to her and meaning that I cannot make it on that day, sorry?
Anyhow the bags with the grey coloured ashes inside are, separated and one is, handed to me and she keeps the other one before discarding the box into the nearest bin. The scissors come out to play their part in this again as a slit is made in the bottom of each bag and were to put them in our pockets with the hole in and discreetly shake a leg while we wander around, whilst secretly depositing the ashes over the ground. I am sure that I saw something similar to this in a great movie about a bunch of wartime prisoners who were trying to escape. When they dug a tunnel whilst getting rid of the soil in the yard without the guards knowing what they were up to, only I cannot remember the name of it. Moreover, I never for the life of me thought that I would actually be doing this kind of thing myself since that is exactly what it feels like. I will definitely need not only a shower when I get in, but a hot bath too is in order to remove the stain of grey dirt down my right leg. We split-up since itll be easier that way and Im keeping an eye out for that dude who sold me the teeth-whitening kit so that I can give him some not so friendly advice on selling fake foreign goods to unsuspecting and trusting idiots like me, whilst scaring off any potential customers. Who says that I hold grudges?
I cannot imagine why I agreed to do this in the first instance. Hold on  I did not and was talked into it by a very persuasive person  who always seems to get people to do what she wants and I can only wish that I were half as clever or inventive. Perhaps, I will learn from the master if I hang around her long enough. But I cant back out now with only a smidgen of ash on the ground so far and I will just have to grin and bear it as they say, even with the hairy legs that will have a real persons dead bits currently glued to them. If Id have known what was in store then I would have at least shaved them seeing as Im in-between waxes right now and then, the ashes might have not saturated into the very pores of my skin and clung on so much.
So I try to take my mind off this horror thats taking place underneath my trouser leg, as I look at the goods on offer at the various stalls whilst I do my best to shuffle and stroll and then let a bit more out. The small puddles on the ground are then, unceremoniously kicked around in a bid to disperse them appropriately. In doing so  I have only gone and drawn a crowd since I dont know whether the bag has burst or what  but a big cloud of dust is then filling the atmosphere around my feet and raises up like smoke in the breeze and I look like Im about to burst into flames any moment now. Therefore, I do the only thing I can think of at this stage. I start to tap-dance, not very well, you understand as I have never had a lesson in my life but I have watched others do it and this is my interpretation of such a spectacle.
I could not have drawn more attention to myself if I was eating the dust instead of continuing in my efforts to try to spread it about. I was still at it and practically out of breath and at the about to collapse phase  when Brenda came up behind me and took off her black hat before offering it in her outstretched hand to the crowd of bodies  so that they could deposit a pound or two in appreciation of my ability to entertain them. She is never one to miss a trick that one as she takes her cut and hands me the rest. How about a drink . . . there is a lovely pub on the corner and I think we have earned it, kid. Dont you?
Id love one but I cant, remember, I reply and point down at the belly.
Well in that case then surely that a nice cup of tea and a piece of chocolate cake wont go a miss right about now, would it?
You read my mind. Im parched and Ive used up a hell of a lot of energy that I need to replace. We bound back across the busy road and happy that our deed for the day is finally, done and dusted (pun intended). We sit down outside a cafe that has an overhanging awning, so if it does start raining again then we should be fine and dry. Mind you, saying that, I cant wait to get wet and get myself clean as I shudder to think that Im sat here with part of Brendas mother still on my bare skin and down the inside of my trouser leg not to mention all over my best black boots. Will I never learn to buy a suede leather guard for them? Thinking about it, Brenda did warn me back when. No way, she could not have known that I would be literally wearing her dead mother in the future, could she?



Chapter 29


Kim is darting about her bedroom and busy packing in such a hurry that she is bound to forget something (if not her head since she is that excited). All because, Adrian has just called up to confirm that hes booked them a romantic weekend away in Paris to celebrate the anniversary of their first ever date and hes got something special to ask her. I cant believe hes going to ask you to marry him. I mean he always said that he would never get married again and told you to accept this when you got together. Only you lied to him when you said that you didnt want to get hitched either, but secretly thought that in the long run you could change his mind, I say and handing her the most important thing on her list or she wont end up going anywhere without a certain official travelling form of identification.
Err, he hasnt exactly said it out loud that thats what he planning to do but why else would he drag me off to France if not for this. And Im not making this out to be more special than it is, because since we got Charlie christened well hes been talking about putting down roots and as far as Im aware . . . Adrian is not into gardening, she replies and grabs her pink leather bound covered passport out of my outstretched hand.
Oh all right . . . you win, have your little fantasy. Do not say I did not warn you about building your hopes up. He is a man after all and they are pre-programmed to let you down when you least expect it, so be warned.
God, youre always so negative nowadays.
I have to be. Its a defence mechanism to being dumped, being homeless and being pregnant since it sort of has that kind of effect on me.
Are you sure about looking after Charlie for us? Its not too late to call my mother you know, asks Kim and closing her overnight bag.
No, I insist. We will be fine and we will have some fun of our own. Now you go and enjoy yourself . . . no matter what the outcome.
I was supposed to take Charlie to the party of one of his friends from the nursery this evening. Its a good job hes too young to understand that Im being selfish and putting my needs above his for once, says Kim and checking the time.
Ah, I can take him if you like.
No need, Ive already cancelled and made our excuses so you can just relax. Right, well, I think Ive got everything I need so Ill just say goodbye to my son and then Ill be off to the airport.
Are you sure you have everything? You cant be bringing much with you in that tiny case.
I dont plan on wearing a lot of clothing and the hotel room has a balcony that looks out over the famous sights of Paris so what more could I want from this trip, besides . . . well you know what I mean.
Yeah I do and good luck with that. I kiss her on the cheek and go down to the kitchen to prepare something for Charlie to eat for his dinner.
The little dude and I sit down at the table next to each other and I nearly end up puking my guts up at the smell. Note here that it was not because of the food, which was perfectly edible (Kim had made it earlier on and all I had to do was heat it up and even I can do that and not burn myself, or others come to that). The rancid pong was being, omitted by that bloody scrap of material that Charlie calls Blankie. I do not know, since I have been pregnant well my senses have severely been heightened to the degree of a primeval she-wolf and I can pick up something nasty at twenty paces. It bothers me; it really bothers me a lot in such a way that I cannot get it out of my mind. I stare in its direction and try to come up with a plan as to how the hell I can get it away from his lordship here, get it washed and dried before he even notices what Ive done. Devious I know to trick a child, your own Godchild but needs must if I am to stay here and continue to look after him.
I am still wracking my brains when there is a knock at the front door, I guess there is only one way to find out who it is and that is by opening it. I do this very slowly, having spied out of the window first to see a shadowy tall figure of a man dressed in black that accompanies a couple of smaller persons dressed up in costumes. It turns out to be some of those annoying Trick or Treat people and if I had known that, then I would not have opened the door at all. I completely forgot what day it was (bloody baby brain got the better of me once more and more to the point that this type of thing could occur and catch me off guard if Im not more careful in future). I have no other choice but to appease them because I hate to see little kids cry or the even suffer the alternative, since I do not have a clue as to what the trick might be and that bloke does look a bit menacing in the background.
Only I do not have anything in ready for them, other than a half eaten chewy bar that Charlie started and then left to get bits of carpet fluff stuck to one side and I have no spare change since they are not getting the five-pound notes from my pocket. I end up dropping a handful of that honeybee cereal into each of their Halloween party bags. I did not let them see this of course, as I had removed the package from the box and kept my hand clenched so they could not tell what I was donating to the cause for the not-so-needy-but-greedy-instead kids. I hope that they will not discover this until they get home and check their booty to find a load of crushed and very sweet puffballs. They will not know that it was little old me who did it because they will not be able to remember who gave them what before their night is finally over.
It has given me an idea though, I can take Charlie out to do some Trick or Treating and that will give me time to pop Blankie into the washer/dryer whilst we are gone. He will be none the wiser and so made-up with his carrier bag full of stuff (it will have to do since I do not have a special Halloween one like those lot did) and besides, he will not even notice that his is not like all the others and is blatantly advertising the local supermarket. Kids usually do not  unless the other parents point it out to them because they have gone out and made the effort to buy one  so then they want to feel special and all elitist about it. I am too making a big effort since we do not have any costumes that we can put on. I will have to improvise and make do with what I have to work with here. So we end up dressed as a couple of ghosts that I made by cutting up some old white duvet covers that Kim had in the back of the airing cupboard and if she wants me to replace them then I will, at a later date. For now, they will have to do the job of helping us to blend in and get into the spirit of things (totally cringing pun I know but it is the best I can do on such short notice).
There was a jovial atmosphere out on the streets as all the other parents in the neighbourhood escorted their children around the residences one by one. Just so we wouldnt get egged like the house across the road for pretending that they werent in, well, I put a handwritten sign up on the door that read GONE TRICK OR TREATING to prove that we were all for this and then they would see that we were one of them and leave us alone. It really was a case of; if you are not with us then you are against us type of scenario. Then I worried about being burgled and pondered if that was worse than being egged. Only then  I realised that it would take a brave burglar to try and rob this place when theres so many witnesses about that are carrying various plastic weapons and can clearly outrun them  just as a couple of preteens race by me after their mate who had just ran off with their stash for a laugh.
We toddle down the drive and along the pavement and I have to lift my garment up so as not to trip over it in the process since its a tad too long for me, as we soon arrive at our first stop. It is one of the houses next to Kims as the old man opens up the door and grips his chest in fright with a look of horror written on his face. Hes joking around of course, well at least I hope he is since he does look a bit peaky to me. You scared me half to death, thats for sure, he says and I am still hoping that he is jesting and just going along with it.
Hi there . . . this is Charlie, the friendly ghost, I announce.
What, speak up . . . I cannot hear you through that disguise, said the man and adjusting his hearing aid.
Charlies a friendly ghost, I repeat a little louder and not wanting to literally, shout at him.
Trick or Treat, silly bugger, pipes up my companion as he holds out his carrier bag and getting the message across better than I ever could.
Hes not so friendly, is he? replies the neighbour and handing over a little chocolate bar.
Say thanks, Charlie, I prompt him, but he does not.
Oh, youd best check the date on that before you eat it as its been in the cupboard for ages. Goodnight, he lets slip as he closes the door in our faces.
If we would have had some eggs to throw then I might have been, tempted by the old mans cheek. Honestly, trying to pass off goods that are probably gone off by now and could well poison the child is certainly not on in my opinion and I must remember to bin it when we get in. Anyway, onwards and upwards as they say for we next tackle the other neighbour and I will not let on this time  as to who we are exactly  simply because I do not want him to know. Ishmael opens his front door and I was half hoping that it would be his wife (but I guess she is busy flying off around the world as per usual) and then I would not have to face him again after our little non-starter of a relationship in that pub shed of his. Hold on what am I, fretting about.  I will be fine since he will not know that it is my disguise because I have this ghost costume on in order to hide my good self. So as Charlie holds out his bag and opens it whilst telling Ishmael I have one, look. He means to show off the chocolate bar as Ishmael dutifully bends his head to take a gander inside it. I soon realise that he will know its Kims son because Mr Teddy is also in the plastic bag so there is no mistake to be, made here.
Perhaps he will think I am Charlies mother, as he utters hello, Amber.
How did you know it was me?
Your eyes, I can see them through the cut-outs and Id never forget a set so beautiful.
Dont you start flirting with me again? Im pregnant.
Well dont blame me. I barely brushed lips with you, he retorts and holds up his hands in defence.
I wasnt about to; its my ex-boyfriend whos at fault there.
Not that Jesus looking bloke.
God no . . . that is Jed. Long story, short answer I am afraid as far as he is concerned. If you must know . . . the father of my baby is called Adam and no, I dont want to talk about it but I dont want you spreading rumours of anything between me and Jed either.
Oh . . . that sounds like a tetchy subject, eh?
Yeah you could say that. Now hand over your goods and well be off, I reply and hold out my hand so that I can vet what goes into that bag before it does. He willingly obeys my order. You cant give a child alcohol. Havent you learned anything from when Adrian got your pub shed closed down? I ask astounded as he gives me a miniature bottle of bubbly.
It is not for Charlie . . . its for you. You can wet the babys head so to speak when its born.
Bag, Charlie shouts, as he demands that something goes in it.
And you, young fellow can have a packet of crisps. I remembered that you like these ones, Ishmael says and pops them in alongside Mr Teddy and the mangy chocolate bar.
We thank him and stagger off towards another house on our road and I think to myself that Ishmael is not such a bad lad after all. He is probably just desperately lonely that is all, with his wife being away so much. I do still feel a bit guilty for enabling the authorities and arming them with enough ammunition to get his only enjoyment in life shut down when his license was sadly, taken away. Meaning his beloved shed pub of course but what else, could I do about it at the time about it? Charlie walks on ahead of me up the next driveway and at least this one seems to be, decorated with relevant stuff like the blood splatter on the front door of one of our neighbours (closer inspection of it reveals that it was just a bad paint job with the previous red peeling through the white). Along with the rest of the creepy assortment of Halloween paraphernalia, like hanging rubber spiders, ghastly flashing ghouls in the window and fake cobwebs etc. There was also a skull, which you pull down to let out an electronic howl in an effort to warn the people inside that you are standing outside and celebrating Halloween too, together with the mad-faced lit pumpkins on the step.
God, I nearly decked you then. You gave me such a fright, I say for real to the bloke in a zombie costume, who had popped up out of the wheelie-bin that was next to the front door. He had screamed at us to make us jump and frighten the life out of us. It worked.
Sorry . . . couldnt resist it. Here, have some of these for your troubles, he replies and drops a handful of those little bags of jelly sweets in with Charlies other stuff.
I spy the house across the road that has its lights on and then  it switches them off repeatedly to pretend that theyre still not in and dont they realise that their property will look pretty scrambled come the morning  as I spy those tweenies from earlier on pelting it with yet more eggs. I do not bother with them but the one at the far end has its lights on too and I head in that direction along with Charlie, who is seemingly enjoying seeing all the colourful outfits go by. It is not long before I come across a familiar sight, that teenage girl from the summer parade/nursery has been at her face-painting kit again and done a panda (Al Jolson) on someone, whilst her friend has a tiger. That girl really needs to expand her repertoire as I wonder whether to go up to this one and warn her about it, only she seems to be having such a good time that I dont want to be the one to spoil her fun so I say nothing and just hope that nobody else notices.
Charlie is rather eager to fill his bag up with more stuff and whose bright idea was it to have a bloody carrier bag since it will take a weeks worth of shopping to make it, look full and I could be here all night at this rate. I know  no one else to blame  right. So anyway, this grumpy dude opens the door and sniffs loudly. Trick or Treat? I say as brightly as I can and Charlie holds open his bag.
Sod off, or Ill call the cops, he replies and slams the door in our faces.
Its only a bit of silly fun. You miserable bugger, I shout back and Charlie nods his head in agreement.
Now I will never be able to get Kims son to stop saying those words, especially if he keeps hearing me say it. I hate it when I lose control, as I am such a bad influence, only I do not mean to be. So I decided that the baldy git was not going to get away with it and since I do not have any eggs to throw, I had to come up with something equally annoying but harmless. I told my fellow, little friendly ghost you duck down behind the bins and Ill be right back. This he did whilst tucking into one of the bags of jelly sweets as I lifted up the white material and raced up to the door before knocking and then, I ran away to where Charlie was hiding. The man answered it and I re-enacted it a few more times so he got the message, not to be so mean. Childish I know and I had not done this since I was a naughty nipper but it was also funny, because I could see that he was getting really pissed off with whoever was doing it.
There was another house with a porch light on that beckoned down this side road and we were quickly, drawn to it. Good evening, Trick or Treat? I said as the door slowly opened in front of us.
Hold on . . . a minute. I will just, get . . . shomething, he slurred and turned with a jerk to reach down into a massive holdall.
Lots in big bag, pipes up Charlie excitedly and pointing at the amount of booty in Larrys stash (the charity worker with cerebral palsy, who I once wrongly accused of being a resting actor/con artist).
Here, you . . . go, said Larry and dropping a couple of those glow sticks that you bend to activate them on top of Mr Teddy.
I hope those arent out of the hospice stuff, I said and sounding concerned at taking from the needy.
Nope . . . I bought them . . . but, you can . . . buy, one of these . . . if youd like, to shupport your local one.
I dont need one, thanks. As you can see by the many electric streetlights around here, there hasnt been much call for gas lamps in this century, I reply and turn to walk away before the guilt trip takes over.
Want one, says Charlie as Larry goes and glares at me as if I am a right double Minge-Bag with a capital MB for not only letting the dying down but the boy too. I relent and purchase with my last couple of five-pound notes out of my jeans pocket, the bloody oil lantern. Larry even lit it for us (after a few near misses  I was very tempted to take the lighter off him and do it myself but I remembered his card which read  that I was to show tolerance and be patient with him and let him do it himself). Besides Charlie was made up with the lit flame that was flicking behind the glass/metal frame.
I do not know how long we have been out here whilst we stroll around the various corresponding streets to our one as I try to keep Charlie entertained whilst the washer/dryer does its thing on Blankie. But my feet are absolutely killing me for a sit-down and with Charlies bag by now half full, well I decided that this will be the last residence on our hit list before well head on back home. We wandered across to a nice looking cottage with roses around the door and a tall, rickety white picket fence surrounding it. There was also a big tree in the front yard that had an old tyre hanging down from a thick branch on a tatty rope. Charlie had by now, lost interest in the Trick or Treat thing and would rather play on the swing instead. As he grabbed at the hoop of frayed rubber to jump on it but the rope snapped and the tyre went rolling down the steep front lawn to smack strongly into the tired old fence to knock a chunk out of it for six. The long bits of broken fence posts had fallen forward away from the other pieces and all this went unbeknownst to me, because of the loud sounds of fireworks exploding from the sky above us as I tapped on the door.
Are you taking the piss or what?
I dont know what youre talking about, I reply to the black man, who had answered it whilst shaking his head in disgust.
Then, I recognise him as being the bloke from outside the immigrants meeting at the community centre on the day of the summer parade; he was standing beside me and watching the steel drum band. I twigged that Charlie and I were now stood there on his pathway and looking not so much like a couple of friendly ghosts to him, but with the corners of the duvets stuffed high with scrunched up newspaper as they were in order to make them stay up straight. Well this could look a bit dubious in his eyes and remind him of the KKK for all I know. Oh God, forgive me for I know not what I do. I would hate to be actually, thought of as a racist just because I do not have any friends of colour. (This is not by choice I might add  it is just that when I happened to befriend the new African girl in my college  well, she mistook my affectionate openness as a sign that I fancied her and that I was a lesbian so she avoided me at all costs. You cannot say I did not try; only I guess I got too excited at acquiring my first foreign friend and tried a little too hard to frighten her off completely in the end.)
Im sorry; I didnt mean anything by this getup. Were ghosts, see, I insist and spreading my arms out to show that I mean him no harm and come unarmed.
Whats all that then? asks the man and pointing to the bare rope that is hanging down from the Poplar tree (ready to string someone up with and it will probably be me) and the white cross (which has appeared out of the broken fencing as it perturbs on the front lawn). Just to add to the detrimental situation, that girl with the panda (Al Jolson) face walks past and waves as if she knows us. She does not by the way; she just recognises that we live in her road from the costumes. Oh, my sweet Lord above, can this get any worse? Silly question, of course it can.
I didnt even bother to try any further in justifying myself with the innocent reason that I was dressed like this, so I just grabbed Charlies fingers and intended to take off down the path and be out of there as quickly as I could manage to leave this scene. Only with the oil lantern in one hand and Kims son held tightly in the other, well I am all out of digits to lift up the garment that I am wearing so the inevitable happened, did it not. With a street full of people to witness it, I trip over the stupid length of material and fall forward onto my knees, having let go of Charlie in a bid to save him from copying me. In the process of putting my hands down to break my fall, I also let the lantern fly through the air and it hit that white cross with such a force as to explode into flames like a fireball on contact with the wood. Then the tyre gave off a thick plumb of smoke that filled the air with a horrible stench of rotting flesh.
So there I was wrongly, perceived as a Grand Dragon. (Whatever they call themselves, I can think of names that are far more appropriate than that for them). Along with my mini Ku, Klux Klan member and being on my knees (well I felt like praying, just to make it stop) while we watched in shock along with the others, who had gathered around the burning cross. I look back and shout Im very sorry about all this, to the black bloke as I get back on my feet and do not wait about for the fire engines or even the police to show up. It is a good job; nobody knows who we really are as I lift up that duvet dress and push past the skinhead dude (bloody leaflet bloke) that tries to congratulate me when we race off around the corner and down the familiar row of townhouses where Kims home is situated. A man on a bicycle passes us by without wearing a helmet and it reminds me of Simon Shaw (Paiges boyfriend). I do not see him about town much these days since he has moved into Babington Court and now resides out in the sticks. I still think it is a bit dodgy dating your boss, seeing as I worry about our jobs if their relationship goes sour. It was just one more thing to add to my growing list of things that I would hate to happen.
And in my continuing distress at the events which unfolded over the course of the evening  I completely forgot didnt I and end up eating the bloody chocolate bar off the old neighbour with the hearing aid that was definitely out of date  by about five years. I only thought to check it after the fact and prayed that I was not sick into the bargain. The only thing now that can spoil my night is for Charlie to suss that Ive washed Blankie and then not settle down at bedtime because of it not smelling like the same putrid scent thats hes so used to. That gives me something else to pray for while I am at it. At this stage in the game, it would be quicker for me to send off a quick email to God for I really do not have time to go through the normal channels.



Chapter 30


Top tips of the week, number 1: Do not wash Blankie and make it smell nice if you hope to survive the night and not become a nervous wreck in the process, particularly, when all the mighty tantrums start that will evidently follow this act of misplaced kindness. Number 2: Do not at any stage offer to bribe or bully your way out of it, because it only makes matters worse. Number 3: Do not bother to inform the parents that you have done this and hope for sympathy. Since it will spoil their weekend and make them, want to come home right away until you manage to talk them round about handling it without their help. Number 4: Do not call in a friend named Valerie for backup and expect them to solve the problem since sometimes two heads really are not, better than one. Especially when they are drunk and think it is the funniest thing ever. Finally number 5: Do try your best to recreate said horrible scent on the given piece of material by raiding the fridge and rubbing the cloth with that disgusting cheese, the one that Adrian loves so much along with sprinkles of vinegar and rolling the whole damn thing around a large chorizo sausage. Note that if this does not work then you can always call it a midnight snack and eat the sodding thing (by now, if I would have thought that it would help, I would have wiped my bum with it too and sod the highly contagious bacterial consequences to our health).
By some miracle and hurrah for that, it worked and without the last resort of involving my bottom I might add, so no need to visit the hospital afterwards with a suspicious germ disease. Charlie had settled down to sleep whilst contently twisting the silky tag of smelly Blankie between his fingers. If I have learned anything by this experience then it is that sometimes the little things in life clearly mean the most. I will have to mind my own business in the future when it comes to changing things, which directly has a dire effect on other peoples children. Anyhow, the following day, I was happily relieved of my babysitting duties by Kims mother so I went back to my fathers place a little worse for wear shall we say after my adventurous evening the night before.
The same question keeps rearing its ugly head at me and pulling tongues, how am I going to cope with a baby if I always struggle with Charlie? Am I simply not cut out for motherhood like my own was and if that trait has been passed down the genes then Im screwed, or rather my child will be screwed up by having me for a mum? Do all pregnant women think that they will make the worst mother ever? Are they supposed to be supremely confident that they will succeed through sheer bloodied determination? When I ask people this  they shrug and tell me that it will be different with your own, you will see  but they do not really explain why. It just is, they insist and leave it at that which frankly drives me up the wall because I really want to know what the difference is, so that I can try my best to attain it. I do not want to let my child down or Adam when it boils down to it, since I care deeply what he will eventually think of me being the mother of his offspring. Now I do realise that no two people handle the same situation the same way. Oh, I give-up trying to analyse it and am warned to just go with the flow of what instinctively feels right seeing as mother usually does know best. Whoever said that did not know my mum, obviously.
When Kim returned from her trip, I popped around on my way home from work. She immediately put the kettle on and was looking relaxed so the break seemed to do her some good. I did not want to broach the big question just in case there was some major event to explain why she was not excited to spill the beans to me about it all straight off the bat. I decided to let her tell me in her own sweet time. To be honest, I was dying to know and trying my hardest not to blurt out the fact that she was not wearing an engagement ring (I scanned her finger before I even looked at her face). Thanks for taking Charlie, Trick or Treating. You know, you didnt have to but he really enjoyed it.
I know. Besides, it was novel for me to do something like that these days since its been a while, I replied and wishing her to hurry up and tell me about Paris.
How are the pregnancy and the new job going?
Fine on both counts, touch wood, I reply and pop my fingers on my head.
Whats Valerie up to lately?
I am not sure but she was drunk the last time I spoke to her, been drinking some cider from the stuff that she got in receipt of payment for a job she did on a farmers sheepdog. Apparently, he makes his own and sells it at various markets. Shes left some when your mother was here and its in the cloakroom, not enough space in the kitchen cupboards for it.
Thats nice of her. Adrian loves cider . . . she says and stops talking about him when I have never before wanted to know so much about her significant other. Like what happened in France with him.
So . . . still enjoying being back in the workplace? This is getting painful.
Yeah, its good to be deemed worthy of a pay-packet again and knowing that youre doing such a great job of earning it or so says my boss anyhow. Nobody ever praises you or rewards your mothering skills and tells you that youre being wonderful to that child, they just expect it of you.
Totally different ball game, I suppose and people look at it that way.
Anyway . . . I was thinking about weddings while I was away and how much there is to organise if you are going to do it properly.
Would that be anyones nuptials in particular? I ask and hoping that this is leading up to a big announcement.
Yes, as a matter of fact it is. I wondered . . . if Valerie has mentioned to you about setting a date yet.
No.
Perhaps Ill have a go at her about getting organised then and offer to help, because I know how busy she is.
Oh, will you just spit it out and put me out of my misery for Christs sake.
Spit what out? she replies and takes the jelly sweet that she was about to pop into her mouth away from it instead.
You know exactly what Im on about so stop teasing me. Its downright cruel to put a pregnant woman in this position, especially when she needs the loo, I say and cross my legs where I stand (next to the microwave).
If youre referring to what Adrian had to ask me in Paris then I may as well tell you. As you can clearly see, there is no ring so no happy ending as far as that idea went. Lovely hotel, lovely setting, could not be more romantic . . . having a lovely candlelit dinner for two on the balcony overlooking the Eiffel Tower. We got through the whole meal and nothing, so Im getting spooked about what hes actually going to say, just in case hes going to dump me or something . . .
Nobody takes someone to Paris in order to ditch them, that is unconstitutional, is it not? And if its not then it should be, I interrupt.
So there I was, starting to seriously fret as I lifted up my napkin from my side plate after nipping to the en-suite to calm my nerves and check that I look as perfect as I can if he did ask me to . . . Kim stops again and looks down to see that Charlie is handing her Mr Teddy for safe-keeping. (Just as he usually does when he is intending to play with something else after what happened the last time he left it alone and the stuffed bear was then, used in his party game for the other kid to claim.)
Love you, says Charlie to me before wrapping his arms around my leg.
Ah, love you too, I reply and pat his head whilst feeling all mushy inside because it has been a while since anyone has said that to me.
Uh, dont read too much into it and start buying him gifts just yet. He told the postman the exact same thing this morning.
Err . . . OK. Well, put the ruddy toy down and tell me some more, I say in eager anticipation of what is to come.
What, about the postman?
No, silly . . . Im talking about Paris.
 Right . . . where was I? Oh yeah, the napkin is lifted up and theres a velvet covered box on the plate and hes sat there beaming from ear to ear and Im all excited to open it as I wait to hear those immortal words . . .
Will you marry me? You didnt turn him down, did you? I ask.
No! I was, not even asked that. He just said . . . do you fancy shacking up?
Why did Adrian use that term instead of the proper one?
He had no intention of us getting married and just wants Charlie and me to move in with him. Apparently, Adrian thinks it makes him appear younger to use slang phrases unlike the way he has to speak the Queens English in his day job.
So what was in the box then?
It was a bloody spare key to his apartment and I felt like ramming it in his eye if you must know, because I was so disappointed. But then, I thought that I didnt fancy living with someone that Id disfigured for life so I leapt up and put my arms around him instead, but I was careful to steer clear of his neck in case I squeezed a little too hard.
Dont want Charlie to grow up with a mum in prison for killing his father I suppose. I dont know . . . the sacrifices that parents make, eh!
But dont think that Ive entirely given up on the idea of marriage to Adrian. Ill just have to go about it another way thats all and I can do that from within the inner sanctuary from now on so it should be easier to make him commit to me and our son and then, well be a proper family youll see, she said. Before Kim was smiling to show that although it is not what she had in mind, it will do for now.
I wont ever get the chance to create that for my little one, will I?
Oh Im sorry, I didnt think about your predicament. I have some news thatll cheer you up though.
Whats that then?
Well, since well be moving out. I have decided not to sell this place, just in case things do not go according to plan with Adrian. I mean living together can bring about a whole other set of issues that we will have to deal with. Anyway, I thought that you might like to rent this gaff off me on the cheap and that way, I can turf you out if needs be and no worrying about tenants rights and all that palaver.
God yes, I cannot wait to be independent. My dads been great and all, but I would love my own space.
If you want to be here for a long time then you will just have to pray that we like being in the new place and do not want to come back . . . ever.
Id get down on my knees right now, only, Ill probably piss myself in the process, I jest and we laugh it off but secretly, Id even consider going to mass if thats what itll take. And I know that Kim feels slightly miffed that it wasnt what she was expecting but Im truly made up for her and Charlie seeing as its a step in the right direction. On a personal level, I could not be happier with good old Adrian since he has made my day that is for sure.
Only it cannot come soon enough for me, the leaving home for the second time I mean. I will have to be patient because I cannot move into Kims until she finds a new nursery for Charlie in the area where Adrian lives and then, succeeds in gaining the little man a position there. I will not hold my breath since it was such a struggle to get their son into the one that he is in now due to limited resources, so it could be a while before I will be free to make my own meals again. My dad insists on bringing me breakfast in bed every morning and I know that sounds great in principal and I should feel thoroughly spoiled by this wonderful gesture. But I dont appreciate it for the simple fact that he makes me eat the good stuff like porridge and fruit salads, when Ive got a mighty craving for a greasy fry-up or even a bowl of those sickly sweet honeybees cereal.
Im sure I became addicted to them whilst residing in Kims home and am going through some kind of weird withdrawal symptom, either that or Im having a perfectly normal pregnancy (probably the latter as I tend to exaggerate everything and you might have noticed this about my character). Back to the porridge as the consistency is not bad at all so no complaints there for it is not too lumpy, or too runny or even, too hot or too cold but just not right with salt and very yucky with honey. All because I am not, allowed sugar by my father for it would cause terrible health problems according to him.
The lengths I have gone to, just to secure some sweetness in my porridge is unreal since the authorities around here has banned the substance from this equation altogether. I have rooted around my bedroom in a frantic manner to find yellowing sachets of the stuff leftover from takeouts, hidden in drawers and stashed in old bags, which I have scavenged like some drug addict getting their morning fix for the day. As I cant drink tea or coffee without it either, having tried the alternative on offer which was yet more honey  it still tastes yucky in hot beverages but on the plus side  continuing to be yummy on bread and toast. I have taken to robbing the sugar from work/various outlets like restaurants and cafs and smuggling it into the house unbeknownst to my father, as I half expect him to conduct a body search on me every time I enter the premises. He does not because he trusts me so now I feel; bad for having these guilty pleasures and I mean that literally.



Chapter 31


Everything I do is never quite good enough to be the best at anything. I am not doing that well with all the new procedures at work. I mean I was never the most requested therapist at The Royal Treatment to begin with and I will not be at my current job either since that honour falls to The Awesome One whose training Alison and me, named Rowena. This is just one of the reasons that I still hate myself, far too many flaws to correct in one lifetime I am afraid. If I could magically start again and change bodies with someone else more equipped to cope with all this and make a success of it, then I would. Only, I would want to keep Adams baby if that is possible and my friends and Charlie plus my dad of course. Inasmuch as I could not possibly live without the people I love and I have to admit, Adam is included on that list even though I clearly no longer figure on his. Also while Im thinking about it, Id like to keep my job because I really do like it when everything runs smoothly and I see how happy I make the clients when I pamper their issues of the day right away, as I help them forget and relax even for just a short space of time. So given the choice, I guess I will have to stay being me and if I cannot be the best then I can certainly make the best of it.
When I mentioned things going wrong at work lately, I am speaking mainly about the fish fiasco that had turned into a complete disaster. I panicked; having accidently killed the fishy buggers by adding boiling water to the hot tub. How was I supposed to know that someone had been using it before my next client and added the little critters into the mix for a full body treatment? I need your assistance, pop on some soothing music and meet me in the spa room, I whispered to Alison, who was just finishing off a mud wrap on her client.
OK, be there in a tick.
Here, grab hold of the other side of this piece of voile. Well use this, I say and fling her the end of it. As I make a net of sorts out of a bit of material that came from an overhanging curtain rail.
Are they dead?
Of course they are. Do you think fish sleep on their sides and float about the top like that, if they werent? I retort and feeling the strain of my actions hit my nerves and get on them.
I dont like fish. Are they slimy to touch or dry like a snake?
At the moment theyre still wet so I dont know but hurry up and get them out before Mrs Minnelli shows up, I reply as I wonder whether to put a sign on the door to stop people coming in which reads, GONE FISHING!
Anyway, after scooping out the catch of the day, I wondered what they tasted like and for a second I was tempted to take a bite because I do like eating fish. Then I thought about all the dead skin that they have eaten and it put me right off. Especially when you have seen Mrs Minnelli naked for that is enough to put anyone off fish for life I can tell you. Only, I had to replace the deceased ones with something as I had another client booked in for a fish pedicure. I obviously couldnt source any baby carp from anywhere straight away (as I cant remember the proper name for I think its Turkish) so I improvised and robbed the many goldfish out of the tank in the foyer and claiming to the receptionist that it was being cleaned and I needed to remove them. I then went and added the goldfish to the water in the foot tub and I even threw in a sprinkle of food flakes as a treat for them by way of compensation and told the client that they were special rock salt minerals, well, she will never know unless someone tells her otherwise.
The goldfish did not exactly nibble at her dead skin like the tiny carp would have done but they did tickle and make her thoroughly relaxed. It was like having a surreal foot massage or so she tells me, because she has never had this kind of treatment before so she did not really know what to expect. I will have to scrub those trotters hard in a bid to remove the rough texture myself afterwards, but at least I get to keep my job in the end so it will be worth it. As if, my day cannot get any more stressful than this. I am booked in, to have a group session with my local midwife at an evening pre-natal class. Enough said on that score about how I truly feel about this as you can imagine. Ive already read all the relevant books, all right, skimmed a couple and I think I have a basic idea of where babies come from and what happens to a womans body when she having one. I do not really think I need to be, shown in graphic detail and I hope this movie of theirs is not in 3D for Christs sake. Jeez, itll probably put me off having an NHS birth altogether and youll see me run for the hills as I end up squatting behind some bush and having my baby ala tribal style instead.
Not, that I am squeamish or anything. I know that I can handle a little film no matter how gory it gets because I have seen plenty of horror movies before. Only the pain and how it is, handled is what will probably get to me. I do not like seeing people screaming in agony. I mean, in the cinema its all fake so I can easily put up with it but to witness it for real is perhaps a step too far. So thats why I didnt go into the medical profession (that and the seven year apprenticeship/rock hard exams, exhaustion and enough debts in funds that will never cover any drug problems that might occur from having to deal with said situation afterwards). One more thing while were on the subject of NHS employees  if smoking is so bad for you  then why do you find that a lot of doctors and nurses partake in the life threatening habit? Is it stress? (God, I need a fag right now and I should not think about it if it has this kind of effect on me.) Is it because they like being doctors and nurses and feel a need to supply themselves with more patients even if they are to be them, themselves?
In the end I force Valerie to come along with me; after all, she is going to be my birthing partner so she can start right now with the moral support. I am picking my friend up on the way and she was hard-pressed to remove her lips from being super glued onto her fianc as they stood on the front step of her home. I might puke before I am off the drive at this rate if she does not hurry up. Whats Dale going to do with his time while youre gone?
Oh, hes cooking his books and all that boring money related stuff. So Im glad to get out of the house to be honest and did I thank you for choosing me over Kim?
You were first choice from the off as I explained. It is not favouritism or a competition for my affection. I love you both dearly, you know that.
Yeah, I know but you did choose me to be there at the most important moment of your life so that kinder gives me the one-upmanship, dont you think? She smiles and pops on her seatbelt and we are ready for the voyage into unknown territory. (Well for me anyhow, since Valerie has delivered many a baby animal in her time and I suspect that its all pretty much the same if you take away the fur, feathers, hoofs and different shaped teeth/beak.)
The community centre upcoming events and classes are on the board that is firmly attached to the wall with plenty of screws and bolts (why, surely nobody would steal this) and is positioned just inside the double doors of said building. I glance at a couple of the leaflets and sheets that abound the mass of literature. Nothing takes my fancy, not the bingo, not the street dance and definitely not the baby and mother sessions. I do not want my child paraded around and being, judged by complete strangers that my little one cannot do what their baby can. Until at least  I can figure out how to be a parent myself first and give my infant a fighting chance  because its hard enough being constantly reminded when youre an adult of every little thing youve not achieved in your life. Like a home, a healthy bank account, a significant other along with a fulfilling career that pays an above average decent wage and lastly, a family that you can be proud of to call your own. At the end of the journey, are they not the true gems that we all crave? Again, it is probably me being all hormonal when I say this stuff so just ignore me. Valerie is and refuses to listen to anymore of my moaning.
We shuffle down the bland beige blur of a corridor and I lead the way as we approach a heavy wooden door with a hand written note on it, stating that we have the right one. (It is probably a safety door or a fire door; I am never quite sure what to call them.) When I pull on the large metal handle and allow my friend/birthing partner to go through first. The massive room is literally, littered with uplifting words and sayings which are, written on posters and colourful paintings abound on the walls along with a truckload of toys that loiters at the far end. It feels like I am entering a cross between a nursery and a gym as I spy the thick exercise type mats piled up in the left-hand corner and waiting to be useful. God I hope were not doing yoga, I cant be doing with all that bending and stretching when Im so tired that I just want to curl up into a tight ball and go to sleep (unless thats one of the positions of course then Im all for it).
Where do you want to sit? asks Valerie and heading for a group of hard looking, red plastic chairs which already contained a few other people next to them.
I dont mind, anywheres fine, I reply and roll my eyes.
I should have brought my water bottle with me. Im thirsty already and we havent started yet, says Valerie and plonking down on the nearest chair.
I dont want to sit at the front. People at the front always get, picked on for demonstrations and the like. Lets go to the back instead.
I thought you said that you didnt care where we sit. I wish youd made your mind up sooner, now it looks like I dont want to sit next to that fat bloke because Im suddenly moving away from him, she whispers in my ear as we scurry along the rows of seats.
That wasnt a man . . . that was a pregnant woman who just looks like they have too much testosterone to give birth, but clearly they dont.  Ill give you that one since I almost made that mistake myself until I checked out the Adams apple and thats always a good indicator of what youre dealing with if youre not too sure.
I kind of knew that already, being a vet and all gives you more than a little insight into the anatomy and how it works.
All right, I was only saying and it was you who mistook her for a he. Id hate to be one of your clients if you can make that kind of mistake, before an operation to remove something you shouldnt.
Can we drop it now? I only glanced at the dungarees and short hair and obviously didnt study the subject, like you did.
Yes, yes fine. Sit down here, I demand as we take to the group of four chairs on the back row. Do not the troublemakers always sit at the backend of the bus, so what does that say about us?
It was not long before we were, joined by a couple who are married by the look of it judging by the wedding rings and the way he kept tight hold of her hand. Was that in case she ran off or was it a loving gesture? It has been so long since I had the latter that I cannot remember. And when the scary midwife with the dark circles around her eyes commands our attention as she jumps up off the chair facing us, it is then that I wonder if my first assumption was right all along and its time to make a sharp exit. Only we are too late to escape from being patronised in an old school headmistress type of way, as she will take no prisoners when it comes to telling you like it is. And anyone left behind and unable to keep up will be severely punished when she singles you out and enlists your help with something that she can evidently make a fool out of you with. For she randomly fires questions at you and if you hadnt been taking in what she was saying, then shell start all over again and everyone groans because this could take all night if we dont play ball, sit up, shut up and listen. I want to go home.
When I suddenly raise my hand to ask sorry for interrupting, but can I go to the toilet? I was planning to sneak off afterwards. Nobody will notice my absence since there is plenty of pregnant bellies to go around.
If you must . . . youll have passed the loos in the corridor when you came in, the midwife replies and setting up her demonstration.
Come on, help me find it, I say to Valerie and prompting her to get up and go too.
Where do you think youre going? questions the midwife to Valerie.
I was just helping my friend find the loo, she answers and sits back down.
Im quite sure that Amber here is big enough to find her own way and doesnt need her hand held. How old are you, dear? How did she know my name and I told you this was scary?
Old enough to get herself pregnant, but not mature enough to hold down a relationship I see, pipes up one of the smug married women and if I knew which one then I could come back with a snappy reply but Im not sure in the sea of placid faces.
I scurry off to the toilets and find that I do want to go after all  it must be the smell of bleach  having made the whole excuse up just to exit the room. When I go back in, there is an eerie stillness amongst my classmates until everyone turns to look in my direction when the door bangs shut behind me. They have been, forced to sit in silent contemplation about the life that they are planning to bring into this world. Poor Valerie, she is not even with child or expecting to be with one for quite a while yet so this must all be a bit weird for her. I did not bother to dry my soapy hands properly under the dryer as I was just going to wipe them on my lap once seated. I dont make it back to my chair because Im summoned to the front desk where Im asked to help demonstrate with the baby (matted fair-haired doll that Im holding to you and me). As it comes down the birth canal (plastic pelvic bones or at least I hope they are fake and not human) while the midwife lifts it up for all to see.
Right pass the baby, head first, down the middle of this, I am instructed and I intend to do as firmly told. Only, I still had soapy hands remember.
Oh my God, she dropped the baby on its head, someone sheiks out from the audience (someone female) and they all look shocked, including Valerie.
Its not as if its an actual baby, so no big deal, I reply to the lot of them whilst I go to pick it up off the ground, the left arm falls off.
How is she going to cope with a newborn, if she cant handle a doll? another person shouts out and this time for it was a bloke, who said this, this much I am sure of but which one.
Thats child abuse, says another female voice and everyone is glaring at me as if I have hurt something real, something that is alive and kicking and something that is actually human.
Its a doll for Christs sake, listen, I know everyones feeling a little hormonal but please realise what youre saying and think twice before you make a stupid comment, I retort and hold the doll up by the right arm for them to see it better and make the right call next time. The arm comes away from the rest of the body and the torso falls to the ground once more to another round of sneers from the blokes and gasps from the women.
Must be made in China, pipes up one of the men.
Actually, its British but its very old. It was my childhood doll and I take her everywhere with me for luck, says the midwife and looking over the broken pieces with much anguish on her face. God I hope she is not my actual midwife at the hospital who is going to deliver my baby. Because surely shes got it in for me now, having wrecked not only her favourite toy in the world (thinking of Charlie here and his Mr Teddy and how devastated hed be if anyone pulled the arms off it and the fact that it was also her good luck charm). I am doomed, am I not?
I retake my seat with my head down in shame and we watch the movie of some poor woman giving birth (I wonder who volunteers for such things). Christ, I wouldnt want a film crew anywhere near me at a time like that since Id be very likely to throttle that guy with the microphone as hes the nearest male to the bed and it would feel like it was all his fault, just for having been born with a penis. It wasnt as bad as Id thought it would be, being that I kept my fingers in my ears the whole time because like I said before, I dont want to hear people in such agony if I can help it. I can just about take the sudden sheiks at work when I remove a wax strip, never mind anything of real significance.
After all that blood and guts stuff, we all needed to relax so the chairs were removed from the area and stacked up by the wall to the right as the yoga mats were brought out to replace them. We were, told to partner up and those pregnant single women amongst us are to pair up as well. We were then, taught some relaxing back and neck massages (which of course I already know, given my job). Only they were supposed to be, performed by your partner who sits behind you on the mat. Whilst also, being brought into the mix next were some gentle tummy rubs, which is a new thing for me being that it was over your clothes. Then the big colourful rubber balls came into play as we were, shown how to use them in a bid to ease the burden of labour. I thought for a moment that I would not make it to that stage if I roll off again. These things look harmless enough but they are lethal, specifically, when you do not have a great sense of balance like me.
On the drive home, I took the opportunity to question Valerie about the mysterious Dale but first off, I mentioned our friends current love life did you hear about Kim? Shes shacking up with Adrian soon.
Yeah, I heard and I wish them all the best.
Shes practically an in-law already and has met all of his clan. Theyre from Scotland . . . Aberdeen to be exact.
Thats on the coast, isnt it?
Yes . . . Kim says its lovely up there.
Ill just have to put it on my list of places to visit then, Valerie replies and leans her head back in a bid to relax because its probably been a long day for her too and she could surely do with a proper holiday.
So have you met any of his family yet? I thought it was a bit strange that none of them were at your engagement party, did not you? This is a nice lead into the real subject, if I do not mind saying so myself.
Whose family . . . Adrians bunch?
No silly, Im talking about Dales lot, I say and shake my head.
He never mentions them. When I ask, he just says that it is too painful to talk about so I do not push it for fear of upsetting him. I think something tragic must have happened.
Yeah, perhaps . . . or it could just be some big family row and they are not speaking to each other so do not jump to conclusions just yet. Hell tell you when hes good and ready I suppose. As the words leave my mouth, I am thinking that that was a load of tosh; I suspect that he is in the witness protection or something as my imagination goes into overdrive.
I finally get back to my dads and he must have built-in radar where Im concerned, because he had a nice cup of hot chocolate ready in order to cheer me up after my exhausting day. He hands it over and wanders off into the kitchen to heat up my dinner for me while I rummage in my bag for a sachet of sugar and trying to add it before I am, busted. In my haste, the bloody paper tears completely and pours the sprinkles of sweet stuff onto the carpet. I ponder whether to rub it in since I cannot possibly pick it up, or can I?



Chapter 32


I am hardly into my new job a few months, when I had heard the sad news that the old man whose luxury vehicle and hospitality suite plus balcony that I had frequented back in Blackpool had suddenly died of a heart attack. He was of course  the silent partner and moneyman backer of this holistic spa along with Simon Shaw and now  it seems that his widow will be taking over his empire and her majority share of this business. I just fretted and hoped that my job was still safe; after all, I have a rapidly expanding stomach to worry about which will need financial backing for the next eighteen years of my life at the very least. It may even be longer because look at me; I am still sponging off my dad and it has been a long time since I got the key to the door.
On the positive side, we have a new member of staff and personally, I am, made up to be working alongside my old trainee called Vicky once more. The girl has blossomed into quite a competent therapist (even without my help and guidance) and Im glad to see that she didnt give-up her goals and let someone like Janine go and ruin her career for good with all her constant bullying of the young woman. Its really great to have the old gang back together and getting on just fine, along with a lot of our past clients coming over here from The Royal Treatment to try out our weekend breaks and pamper themselves and their bodies silly.
Not that I was really thinking too deeply about what was happening to my body as of late, for Ive decided that after browsing through the book about expecting a baby once more which my dad had borrowed from the library for me. I was better off not knowing because Id just get freaked out as usual and worry about every little twinge and hiccup and kick that Id read you could weirdly feel in your belly, as the baby grows and moves about. And Kim is no better at putting my fears to rest, since the other day when shed called round to check up on me do you remember Charlies little fist protruding through the tight skin of my pregnant belly?
How can I forget? It was very scary and like something out of that movie Alien. Id expected it to burst through any minute and eat us alive or whatever the monster did to the people in space, I replied and feeling my tummy to see if I could sense anything out of the ordinary. Maybe its not Adams baby after all, only, I cannot remember being abducted by aliens and impregnated by a probe but I bet people would believe that one over a virgin birth any day.
If I recall correctly, the lead was actually female and so was the alien. Now theres womens lib at its best, as in, anything a bloke can do we can do too.
Yeah we can and probably for half the pay. No, I do not mean what women do is worth any less than men . . .
God, I can see trouble brewing if you carry on with this and setting womens lib back by fifty years, says Kim and obviously winding me up.
Im trying to say that we ladies can be not only economical with the truth, but thrifty to boot when we have to be and still keep the home fires burning and everyone fed and watered and clothed enough to cover our modesty.
Well I must admit . . . you got out of that one with your female tenacity and the sisterhood will still respect you. Come on, I am taking you out shopping for baby stuff. Its never too early to start buying those teeny tiny, adorable romper suits but well stick to lemon and white until we know the sex.
I dont know if I want to know whether its a boy or girl, I said and looking confused. As for names, well, I have not got a clue what to call either because no favourites spring to mind. Perhaps, I should give it some serious thought before the big event takes place.
I reckon you were about to add . . . as long as it is healthy, right?
I wasnt actually. Thats like saying I wont adore it if it isnt and I will never not love my child no matter what. I almost added, unlike my own mother.
I still cant get over the change in you.
You cant, what about me? I dont recognise this person that I see in the mirror every time I look; I have to move my arms just to make sure its me.
During our shopping expedition, Kim was right; it is fun to shop for your baby instead of yourself for a change. My credit card took a hammering for the umpteenth time this month. I have been secretly going on the internet and buying stuff to decorate the nursery with and it will be getting, delivered any day now. Only one problem, I do not have a special room to put it in until I move into Kims place. I wish she would hurry up with the search for Charlies new nursery school, one that is nearer to where Adrian lives so that they can move and so can I. It would be brilliant to have my own space ready for when the little one arrives and I dream about it constantly as of late. Is there any word on securing Charlie a place yet?
No is the sad answer. I have found the perfect nursery, lovely staff, lovely school and lovely kids; only they do not have room for him. Unless I kidnap one of the other children and state that theyll get their child back when they hand over their nursery place as a ransom demand.
Well thats a bit drastic, isnt it?
I know, I had my movie head on I suppose and was being all dramatic when Id thought of it. But Im just worried that if I dont find somewhere fast, then Adrian might go off the idea of us moving in altogether.
I know the saying is . . . strike, while the iron is hot but I do not think it applies to major decisions of the heart and if it does, then it should not.
Im getting all het up about nothing, arent I? she asks and I nod my head to agree with her, but inside I am thinking that its me thats getting all bothered by this. I want to be, settled at Kims before my baby is born. With the stress of this revelation  I come away from the baby shop with not only a couple of adorable little romper suits and bibs  but a freebie as well. Oh all right it was not exactly free and I stole it but the buzz of being, caught was too much not to bear and I almost did not make it when Kim asked whats that rattling sound? We were standing in line at the checkout. It was of course the colourful rattle in my pocket and every time I moved, there would be the unmistakeable noise emitting from my person as if I had one of those snakes hidden inside my jacket. Luckily for me, a baby in a pram went past and I gave the blame to the child as the assistant gave me the suspicious once over. I rewarded myself for my devious efforts with a nice cup of coco (with sugar) from a nearby caf and a large carton of mini doughnuts to share with my unknowing accomplice.
Also over the next couple of days  Id found out what Hopi-Ear Candles are for as theyre one of the most popular treatments that work in two ways  the hollow candles create a chimney effect and helps to draw out fluids from the ear. The vibration of the rising air column gently massages the eardrum, which promotes secretion from the sinuses. Secondly, the warmth of the candle helps to improve the immune system with its lymphatic flow. It has proven very handy as it can regulate the pressure in the ear and sinuses during a cold or similar illness. This is especially poignant because some people around here are using this building like a glorified hospital. I am talking of course about Mrs Minnelli, who seems to have taken up permanent residence whilst she recovers from the dreadful virus.
Mind you, we have all taken to wearing those white facial masks that make this place look even more like a hospital of sorts, as we try to avoid spreading any germs. (I could have done with one of these back when I had glow-in-the-dark teeth in Blackpool.) You will never guess who has booked in today, Carrie Coyle of all people. She is trying to hide under a false name and no makeup but we all sussed that it was truly her the moment Mitch Mathews showed up. He recognised me of course and demanded to know are you stalking my client?
Shes my client now, I work here, I remind him.
Dont forget our agreement; youre not to let on that you were her impersonator.
I wont say a thing. Im not that stupid and besides, I know how much money itll cost me.
By the way, I still love that little incident with her majesty but unfortunately that finally sent poor Carrie over the edge of self-doubt and after another stint in rehab didnt work. Weve convinced her to stay here in order to recuperate and take a break. I go on to discover that Carrie Coyle has had a bit of a breakdown at all this sudden fame and pressure to perform. As I think about renaming this place from makeshift hospital to mental asylum seeing as some people wander past me in their dressing gowns and muttering to themselves while they practice their tai chi moves. Carrie Coyle is supposed to be in the studio recording her debut album and that is sure to be a number one hit, according to the press. In the meantime  her record company are pandering to her every whim in a bid to please her into submission and get her back to work because it is costing them major money and at the end of the day  that is the bottom line and that is what really matters to them.
I notice that Simon Shaw is still riding his bicycle around, for he was certainly not impressed with my driving skills when I had zoomed across the car park in a bid to grab a vacant space and nearly removed him forcefully from it. I thought that I would mention this to Paige before he got the chance to twist the story it was him, who suddenly ventured right across my path believing that he had the right of way simply because he owns the goddamn place.
Well nearly half of it to be more precise but whose arguing over percentages here, replies Paige and tapping the calculator on her desk.
I will say one thing, he needs to re-sit his cycle proficiency test because his biking skills are certainly not up to scratch.
I dont think he took one in the first place. I recall him mentioning something about being off on holiday when they were doing them in school and Im pretty sure that he hasnt taken one since.
I can tell. It is a wonder he has not killed himself before now or caused a fatal accident. Youll have to talk to him and make him see sense.
I know, I will. But I kind of like driving him around . . . it makes me feel needed in a funny sort of way, she said and I just dont get the attraction of either riding a bike or her for loving someone that does.
So why does he not drive a car like most other normal folk over the age of twenty-one? Or at least, its usually around the time when they stop being students and enter the work force.
Simon hasnt driven since the road traffic accident. He does not trust himself anymore, even though it was not his fault. The kid just came running out after a ball and having lots of witnesses, well, he was cleared of all charges.
Oh I didnt know. Thats sad and not something you ever get over I suppose, I said and make myself promise that I will never exceed the speed limit ever again. I then wonder why a rich bloke like him does not have a driver to take him around in a big posh car rather than relying on his girlfriend, public transport or a pushbike. Mind you, the bicycle is of the highest spec and looks expensive seeing as it has more gears than you can shake a stick at so to speak.
Paige whispers to me in case anyone is in earshot something to change the subject from Simon to someone else did you know that Rowena didnt even pass her driving test on the thirteenth attempt and just gave up after that? But dont mention it as she goes all funny if the subjects ever brought up. I really want to keep my job here and carry on enjoying my work, so I will just keep silent on the matter if I know what is good for me and I am learning this lesson day by day.
I will concentrate on the pampering of rich people, especially a certain VIP who goes by the name of Carrie Coyle. She has even been, allowed to have her golden Pomeranian dog stay with her at the spa and usually its a no pets allowed scenario for the rest of the paying public. After which, I make my way to her private suite and let myself in hello, are you decent. Im, Amber and Im here to do your beauty treatments.
Im in the bath, she says through the open door as I hear her splashing about in the water with her loafer you can paint my dogs nails to match my own. Do her first with the colour that Ive left out on the side table.
Is your dog house-trained? I shout back as I hear her singing along to herself on the music channel of the little telly that is above the tub.
What do you mean? Carrie replies and stopping her voice in mid-flow.
Is she the type thatll bite me as soon as look at me?
No shes friendly all right, only dont try and take her food off her until shes finished or youll be sure to lose a finger or two.
Thanks for the warning, but I dont have any doggie treats with me.
Oh theres some in there somewhere, help yourself, she retorts and goes back to her singing as the next track takes over.
Err, found them, I reply and hope that she means to give it to the canine by way of a bribe and not to eat. The damn dog will not keep still and then, it scratches me with its long talons.
Carrie must have heard me express my pain because she tells me oh I forgot to mention that she needs clipping too, her nails are digging into my legs something wicked when she sits on my lap. So can you make them shorter while youre at it?
Im not really equipped or qualified to work in a pooch parlour.
Do you want me to call Paige and ask her to find someone else to deal with it?
No, its all right. Ill sort it, I respond for I do not want to give anyone the chance to say that I cannot do my job even if it is on a furry animal. What the client wants, the client gets if I am to keep working for these spoiled people. This in turn finds me leaving the penthouse suite and racing to the outhouse where I am busy rummaging through the gardeners toolbox for something strong enough to take off the whole paw if needs be. Where is Valerie when you need her because I am sure she would have something suitable, only it is a bit of a trek to get it here? I soon come across some pruning device or other and henceforth I practically sit on the mutt just to keep it still enough for me to, eventually do the business without causing any actual harm to both the damn dog and me.
The superstar before me seems somewhat off with the fairies, as she talks to her pet like a baby and treats it accordingly when picking out the perfect outfit for the dog to wear that compliments her own. Her phone is, glued to her hand so it hardly leaves her vision. When it comes to people, she does not look at you or even bothers to hold a proper conversation and talks over everyone repeatedly whilst rambling on about things that matter to her like the state of the weather, not that she actually goes out in it. Because she is holed up in her suite and busy watching old black and white films on DVD. I wonder if she is researching for that movie deal, I had heard about but no, she just likes the romantic notion of them and wants all her publicity shots done in black and white from now on. I think I would hate myself even more if I were the real Carrie Coyle at this point.
I do not have time to worry about the eccentricities of future global icons as I leave her to it for I have another appointment to go to, but having just seen Germaine padding past me in her robe and heading to the treatment rooms. I stop in my tracks and all my suppressed feelings about Adam come to the surface on seeing his mother again. But it gets worse  since not far behind her is Pippa of all people and when she catches up with Germaine  they have a little girlie giggle that makes me turn my back on them so as to avoid not only recognition but I dont want them to see me cry. (They probably do not know who I am anyhow because I am still wearing the mask that all the staff have donned in order to avoid the spread of germs.) It saw me immediately stomping up to Alison and enquiring as to the purpose of their stay, since Germaine is her client or put into other words has she mentioned anything about her son Adam?
Well Germaine tells me that Pippa is getting married and shes just here for the pampering but says that she couldnt be happier for her.
I am literally, struck by a metaphorical lightning bolt and very stunned that Adam would be this quick to march Pippa up the aisle. When he seemed to me quite content with my views on never getting married when we were together (and if the truth were, told then he was at the start of our relationship anyway until he changed his mind and we were doomed). It must be the constant pressure from Germaine, which has finally tipped him over the edge and forced a proposal out of him. Then unexpectedly as if she has read my mind, I get a phone call from Kim saying Adams been around to my house looking for you. He had assumed that you were still living here because that is what his neighbour said. Whos this Brenda, Brenda, Brenda character anyhow?
Shes lives in the flat opposite his and she sort of became my friend too. Why hadnt he just phoned me instead, I havent changed my number or anything? I thought of Brenda and I must remember to keep in touch but I had assumed that she was away on some world cruise thing, for she had told me about it the last time we spoke. She will find it funny that I am now in the service of Carrie Coyle once more.
Well I said that and hed replied that what he wanted to ask you couldnt be said over the phone and it had to be face to face. So its a bit of a mystery what he really wanted.
You didnt tell him that I was pregnant and living back at my dads . . . did you?
No, I wasnt sure what to tell him so I said nothing. But if thats the way you feel then you need to inform your dad and Valerie about this just in case they spill the beans.
I will as soon as I get off the phone from you. I think I know what he wants to say because Pippa is staying at the spa with Germaine and telling everyone that she is getting married. So he probably wants to invite me to his damn wedding and heres me without a plus one.
I dont suppose the baby counts as such. But surely you dont want to attend his union with another woman, says Kim and I can hear her munching on something that sounds like a packet of crisps as we speak.
Of course I dont. What else did he say?
Nothing, that was it but he did look all tanned with a right healthy glow like hed just got back off holiday or something.
While Ive been wallowing in misery, hes been on vacation and got engaged to his ex. I dont think he cared about me at all if hes able to move on with his life this quickly. Here am I now wishing that he would get that dreaded flu virus and not be able to show up at the altar. How mean does that make me sound? While I tell myself, off for being petty and spiteful.
Im sure he did care deeply about you. But some people jump into other relationships in order to get over the last one; its just their way of coping.
Yeah I suppose everyone handles things differently, but my smoky scent wasnt even out of the flat and he was having lunch with her. Itll take me longer to get over him, especially now that Im having his child.
Err; about that . . . I did inform him that you had something that you wanted to tell him and that you would no doubt phone him when youre ready.
No, I will not be getting in contact anytime soon is what I hope you told him.
It is only at this point that I find out who is my next client, seeing as I am filling in for Rowena since she was double booked. I am very peeved to have to go into the treatment room and give Pippa the Therapeutic Aromatherapy Body Wrap, which begins with a dry brushing to remove all the dead skin cells and promote circulation. Its a good job we all have these paper masks on otherwise, I would well and truly be ousted as I place a towel over my shoulder which hangs down to cover up my name tag. I even try to put on a posh accent in a bid to hide my own strong Lancashire tones that would surely give the game away in an instant. Pippa has a flawless accent of course and a perfect body to match. How can I continue to hate her, when she is actually very nice and positively beaming with joy at the thought of getting married? I bet she is, after all, Pippas waited long enough to snag Adam and now shes finally succeeded where I failed. Mind you, it was my good self if I recall who did not want to marry in the end so I sternly remind myself of this slight oversight.
As I brush on the Detox Clay that soothes her in the cocoon of warmth whilst I give her a de-stressing face, foot and hand massage. She cannot help but have noticed my bump as the bigger I get the more trouble I have reaching the client. While I find myself constantly bending over a lot more which only adds to the backache that I seem to have recently developed. I knew this pregnancy malarkey would be uncomfortable, but I did not expect so much pain and suffering that is until the end. And then, I expected to opt out of that too by way of legal drugs and all the gas and air I can muster until I literally pass out and they hand me my newborn child as I come to (thats the birth plan sorted anyway and I must remember to make a note of what Ive just said).
In fact  if I could avoid being there altogether at the birth then I would arrange for that to happen because frankly  it gives me the willies just thinking about it. I know there is a pun in there somewhere about what got me into this predicament but I refuse to acknowledge it. I am also adamant that I am not going to get any stretch marks for one reason being that my mum did not get any, well according to my dad that is since I cannot recall her face never mind any other parts of her anatomy. Point two, is the vast amounts of coco butter that I lather myself up with every day by applying it not only, to my stomach but the nether regions too. (This is what a client advised me to do if I do not want to tear whilst I have heard that that can hurt even more than the blasted contractions.) All this palaver is, added to the gallons of water that I constantly try to get down my neck in a bit to hydrate my glowing skin and detox my innards. Overall, this baby should have a veritable sea of fluid to swim around in and I will surely be, greased up and ready to slide it out into the world come B-day. No jokes about me please for being a slippery character that is hard to pin down, thank you very much.
Are you having a baby or should the question be, babies? Pippa enquires and I suddenly want to hit her for implying that I am fatter than I should be.
Oh, it is definitely just the one in there . . . I have had it confirmed with a scan and everything, I said, whilst thinking that I might be overdoing it with the eating for two nonsense seeing as I am clearly eating for two dozen more like.
Do you know if youre having a boy or a girl? I roll my eyes because everyone I meet these days asks me the exact same question and it is really pissing me off. They see the belly and assume that is all I want to talk about all the time.
Oh I dont want to know. I think it can spoil the special moment somewhat, if you already know what it is inside a present before you open it I mean, I say whilst being a tad unprofessional as I take the weight off my aching feet and sit-down to rest.
Well, Ill want to know when its my turn and I definitely want a boy because my fianc wants a son. Hes already come up with the name for him . . . Tristan.
Thats a lovely name, I lie as Pippa stretches and her limbs crack the drying mud in the process.
So how about you . . . have you or your baby daddy, come up with a name yet? I do not care if Adam wants to call his first-born son by that old-fashioned name; if I do have a boy then he will not have an unusual name that will be the butt of any playground jeers, I will guarantee that.
I have now . . . for a girl its going to be Leah after my mother and if its a boy, well hell be named after the father of my baby. I leave it there, as I did not want to tell her that I had chosen Adam. How, come quite unexpectedly like that I subconsciously chose Leah? My mother does not deserve to have my baby daughter named after her since what will, she ever do for her that she did for me. I think you will find that zero is the correct answer but I do love the name and it is my middle name after all.
I notice that you dont wear a wedding band, so I assume youre going to be an unmarried mother. There is a lot of that about these days and you are not alone in that sense so there is no shame in it anymore. Anyway, what is the name that youve chosen for a boy? Pippa insisted on knowing what I was trying to hide.
Err . . . Simon, yes thats it, I say, having had Paige pop her head in the door to no doubt check that I hadnt spilled my guts or in other words given birth earlier than expected all over the expensive slate floor tiles. I hope that Pippa does not tell anyone about this, since the last thing I need is Mrs Minnelli spreading rumours about Simon Shaw and me having an affair behind Paiges back.
Im glad its time to wash off the mud before Pippa starts questioning me more about this Simon bloke, seeing as I hadnt planned on parting with anymore trivia to the woman whod replaced me in Adams affections. I march her into the washroom next door and turn on the powerful hose that jets a pleasant warm stream to get rid of the brown stuff. It was then that I think about her and Adam together and decide to turn it up a notch or two to blast her with blistering cold water which makes her scream out loud and Im only sorry that its not a power washer for this would remove a layer of skin too. I am obviously feeling seriously envious once more about their blossoming relationship.
Is this all part of the t . . . t . . . treatment? Its f . . . f . . . freezing, she yells and gets a gob full of water in the next breath.
Yes it is, now be brave and turn around, I shout and some days, me thinks that I do enjoy my work a little too much.
Not before time, I finally got shut of her as I can only take so much niceness in small doses, while she actually thanked me for reminding her to invite her distant cousin to the wedding who lives in Iceland. I make my way towards the restaurant for an afternoon snack before my next client. I then get a text message from Brenda and she is informing me that Adam is back and living in his apartment again after having been elsewhere for months on end. I thank her for spying on him for me, but it seems to have all been in vain seeing as he is getting married to Pippa finally. I wonder what Brenda is doing back in town since she should be off the African coast somewhere right about now and looking out for Great White sharks. Is my geography wrong and it is more a case of northern territories with their variety of whales that she should be watching instead. It was neither apparently, since I was way off the mark and it was the dolphins and turtles in the Caribbean that she is missing. Brenda flew back early because she was bored being on board a floating coffin as she put it. The retirement package that she had booked was full of elderly people and Brenda clearly does not see herself in this way. I promised to keep in touch and I was right, it did brighten her day to hear about Carrie Coyle being here instead of the studio. Loves a bit of gossip does old Brenda, only Id best not call her old to her face as I think shed prefer the word wise instead.
In the next minute I am, stopped in my tracks by Mrs Minnelli who grabs my stomach to press her head to it as if she can hear the baby. Why does everyone I meet, even complete strangers think that they can manhandle my bump just because I am pregnant. I should be, allowed to sue for baby harassment or something. I can predict the sex of your baby with a ring test, said Mrs Minnelli in front of a growing crowd of onlookers, who have obviously nothing better to do with their time.
Oh, well Id rather not know . . . but thanks all the same, I reply before turning to walk away and I catch the eye of Simon, who firmly believes in never saying no to the clients reasonable requests no matter how ridicules they might seem.
So there I find myself, swollen belly exposed to the entire restaurant full of both staff and guests alike. As Mrs Minnelli tries to take off her wedding band but its stuck firmly on her wrinkly old finger and refuses point blank to go over that big knuckle, when she asks one of the waiters do you have any olive oil that I could borrow? If I had known it would cause all this fuss then I would have said no straight away and meant it. The charade goes on with Mrs Minnelli then asking the same waiter can I also have some cotton thread on which to hang the gold ring? No such thread is, found quickly enough so Mrs Minnelli makes do and starts to unclip one of the many chains from around the lined skin of her neck.
This is all taking much longer than first anticipated for I will have no time for my snack at this rate if she does not hurry up. Because Mrs Minnelli has only gone and got the end of the chain caught up in her hair and is now wincing loudly at the tangle she is in at present. The offered help is no better at securing the release so Mrs Minnelli pulls it out with a painful yank of her hand that even I felt. Sometimes, the woman has so much gold on she makes Mr T look under accessorized. Finally  we are ready for the big reveal  not that I believe in all this nonsense but if it will finally shut them up then it is worth a go at least.
It was another one of my regular clients, who had piped up from the crowd it has to be cotton thread and it has to be at least 12 inches long or it wont be a true test reading.
We steadfastly obeyed the rules of the old wives tale as Mrs Minnelli suddenly pulls the white cotton piece of thread that was hanging down from the hem of my brand-new therapists uniform. It had not even, been washed yet and it is already falling apart. Honestly you just cannot get decent workmanship these days and talk about getting what you pay for since these uniforms were certainly, bought on the cheap from some sweatshop out in Asia no doubt. I dread to think about the poor workers and I lower my head in shame as I count my blessings that my baby will be born into such a civilised society (where they know how to mistreat their employees and legally get away with it). Speaking of society that looks after those less well off, I wonder what benefits I might be entitled to soon. After all, if I am going to be a single mum then by golly, I will live like one and get all the help I can. My other client snatches the thread off Mrs Minnelli since she was having trouble tying the tiny knot and then, a squabble breaks out between the two women that is anything but civilised.
I am now, left with most of the hem from my outfit hanging down thanks to Mrs Minnelli. I really dont know where Ive put that web stuff you iron on  because I dont do sewing or darning as a matter of fact  for I always end up pricking my fingers and the stitches are often loose and coming undone before Ive finished. Anyhow, in the end, the ring went side to side and that supposedly, means that I am having a girl for apparently. If it had gone in circles then it would have been a boy. I cannot even get that right if it is true because now that I know how much Adam wants a boy, I do too since I still want to please him and make him proud of me. Mrs Minnelli is so convinced that it is correct that she asks whats the little girls name going to be?
Its Leah. Shes going to be named after my mother, I reply to a burst of congratulations that head in my direction. I am still not convinced either way.



Chapter 33


Alison is leaving her parents house and moving in with her boyfriend. I did not even know she had a love interest, never mind someone serious enough to share the homemaking duties with and argue over. I hate that selfish side of my nature since I have been, so caught up in my own world that I forgot to ask about hers and she is not the type to thrust information on you unless you enquire but she will give you an honest answer in reply. I happen to find out from Paige as it turns out to be none other than that cheery dude that got me back into Kims place. The night of my disastrous date with Jed when I had locked myself out and Alisons fancy man had gone and charged me a small fortune for the privilege. They are having a house-warming party in their flat and I have been, invited. How come I get asked to all these things when I still dont have a plus one to bring along and I cant drink any one under the table like I used to because of my condition? I cannot wait for the drought to end and the heavy rain to fall put it that way. Although, I have been guilty of a few puffs here and a few puffs there, in out, in out, shake the cigarette all about and try not to inhale, thats how the story goes. I know, I know, I am weak and I detest myself for it. What else can I say?
I currently have Mrs Minnelli booked in for a Hydro Pool and Massage session. The bubbling water looks so tempting that I want to strip off my uniform and jump on in with her. But Ive been warned that I should steer clear of Jacuzzi style spa baths until after the babys born, even though Im not really sure why and if they did explain then Id probably not listen on purpose because it would be TMI for me to handle. And obviously I dont want to cause any serious harm to my baby so Ill hold off on that thought for now, as I check my nicotine patch hasnt fallen off my arm in the steamy atmosphere. Ive being doing really well the last couple of months on the smoking front and have totally cut down if not out all together on most days (pat on the back for me for at least trying).
Mrs Minnelli has her husband staying with her and hes thankfully, Alisons client as I am just glad that I do not have to wax his thick grey, hairy chest and back. Honestly, men really are wimps when it comes to a little pain. I can hear him screaming from here; mind you, its the comb-over that needs removing if you ask me as I happen to think that baldness is preferable to silly hair styles any day (on men I mean not women for I think a nice scarf is preferable there). Ive long since figured out that if men had to have the babies, then the world wouldnt have a population problem full stop seeing as there simply wouldnt be enough people being born to warrant much fuss. It was then that I start to wonder, how I will cope when it is my turn to be tortured. God I need a cigarette at the very thought of it but I will not, I promise with fingers crossed and everything.
That reminds me, I have another antenatal class coming up (this time we get to try out the birthing pool so we will have to bring along some bathing costumes). I will have to make sure that Valerie is free to attend it with me because she did agree to be my birthing partner and I would rather go alone than invite my dad to come along. He has already been mistaken for my husband once by the medical staff at the hospital and they call themselves professionals. Why he could have been anyone that they let in to gawp at me exposing my belly button and turfs of pubic hair to all and sundry (since Adam broke up with me, I have to confess that Ive rather let myself go in that department and totally lost interest in making myself feel pretty anymore. Youd think that I wouldnt, being what my job is and all but I guess its akin to the roofer who often has a missing tile or two at home).
Seriously, I cannot have that lot at the clinic making the same mistake twice seeing as I would just be too embarrassed to ever, go back home with the man that I dearly treasure but really he is my stepfather so we do need some boundaries. I would not be able to show my face at that hospital again for fear of them inviting him in to witness the birth. I would end up having to have my baby by myself in the bath like some naturalist freak, who does not want any help from the NHS. Well I do, I dont want to feel a thing and I think Ive already made it clear that I want to have as many drugs as I can legally get without killing either me or my infant.
But I dont really know how to word this on my birthing plan and actually put it in writing without sounding like Im not that happy about becoming a mother and Im only in it for the pharmaceuticals. They will have called social services to take my baby off me and placed it with a foster mum by the time I have explained that I am not a junkie and proved it. Perhaps, they will advise me at the classes about the correct terminology seeing as I do not have a clue. I soon wonder if I can book myself in for a caesarean in advance and a tummy tuck at the same time. I mean, is that not what the celebrities do and if I really were Carrie Coyle, then they would expect it no doubt.
It is a good job that I have this party to go to, where it will help to take my mind off things for a short while at least. Then, I fret about what to wear seeing as my wardrobe of clothes is rapidly getting too small for me these days. I decide to cheer myself up with a shopping trip into town and I vow not to buy some hideous, checked maternity dress that makes me look like the clown that ate all the custard pies. To say I am having one of my fat days is an understatement. I positively waddle towards the high street and will probably end up passing shop after shop that does not cater for my heavy gain on the waistline front.
I am, stopped in my sensible flat-shoed tracks for I bump into a shifty looking Dale whose busy looking around nervously as he explains Im meeting someone to discuss business.
Im just doing a bit of shopping. So whats this business about then?
Err, its private and Id rather not say until I find out that everything has gone all right.
Does Valerie know?
No . . . Val doesnt and Id rather that you didnt mention seeing me here if you dont mind. Itll be our little secret until I can reveal all.
Yeah sure, as long as youre not doing anything illegal behind my friends back.
God no . . . nothing like that. I promise, he replies and looking all coy and heading off away from the high street, with me going in the opposite direction.
It was only a matter of minutes and I dont know what it is but do I just have that kind of face that invites everyone and their clipboards, rattle tins or leaflets to come up to me (I spot skinhead bloke from twenty paces away). As they stop me in the street and want to waste my time talking crap at me. So I spend the rest of my journey along the lengthy trek trying to avoid the Chuggers (that is charity muggers to you and me) as I crisscross the road back and forth only to come across yet another one. I cannot win so I have relented where do I sign up for this? I was, handed a clipboard with a sheet on the top so I signed my name on the dotted line in support of care in the community for people less well off in their mental capacity to cope with life.
Are you being serious? Thats a made-up name if ever I saw one, said the dude in a tee shirt, which read IF YOU WANT MY NUMBER, DONT BE SHY . . . JUST ASK and on the back, it read BUT IF YOU IS UGLY OR YOUR DRESS SIZE EXCEEDS YOUR IQ THEN DONT BOTHER! He would be lucky!
Its not made-up. My name is, Amber Greene.
Yeah all right, love . . . if you are not going to take it seriously then do not sign. OK!
After that little altercation, I have taken to signing the other petitions with relevant made-up names to suit the cause. The one concerning, the local councils proposal to build a sewage treatment plant in a residential area was signed by U. R. Smelly. While the lack of lighting in certain areas grudge was, signed by I. V. Torch. The one about the parkland being, sold to developers was signed by Teresa Green (no relation). Whilst the, Be Sun Aware issues were signed by Al Bino. I know Im being childish and I could spent the rest of the day doing this but Ive got things to do so I crisscross again and again, but this only takes me ten times as long as usual to get where I want to be.
I have headed for a fashionable little shop that resides on the corner of the avenue. It has reasonable priced clothing for the bigger woman or so a couple of my clients have recommended to me and as of right now, Im not sure exactly what dress size I am but Im told they also have some decent sized changing rooms for me to try on the goods. Which finds me squeezing past the woman in a crochet hat at the counter who was purchasing something or other that had horizontal stripes and does she not know that this can make her look even larger than her outline suggests. I want to warn her but she seems so pleased with her sale item that I do not have the heart to spoil her day. This then results in me saying nothing and making my way to the back of the shop that has party dresses hung on grey metal rails that let out that horrible scraping sound when hanger hooks are, dragged across them and to suggest that it goes right through me is something of an understatement.
Most of the garments are so tightly, packed together on some of the other rails that I end up knocking a load on the floor just by searching through them. I havent got the energy to pick them up so I leave them there all crumpled and unkempt and unwanted, a bit like myself really because I cant remember the last time I saw my legs to bother waxing them. The brunette young shop assistant rushes over and gives me a right dirty look as she bends down to retrieve the items that I would carelessly left behind. Whatever happened to service with a smile I wonder as I stomp past her on her knees, whilst she then tries to reach the dress that fell down the back of all the items still held in place? I swear she muttered something under her breath at me that was most unsavoury but I will not repeat it or make a scene.
Im waiting patiently outside one of the two changing rooms, since theyre both occupied and theres a poor hounded husband whose wife keeps coming out with various outfits on and demanding his advice on each of them in turn. I can tell by his face that he does not want to be here or that he does not want to voice his opinion because frankly, he does not give a hoot. He would probably much rather be at home watching the motor car racing on the telly with his feet up, beer to hand along with a giant bag of chips and dips and to be honest, I totally agree with him. The husband is a gentleman though as he gave up his seat for me on seeing my bulging belly. I soon realise that I should definitely use this pregnancy lark to my own advantage, since some people do seem more considerate of me these days and try to make me feel special in a way that I had not experienced before. I am obviously not referring to the grumpy shop assistant, who clearly got out of the wrong bed this morning and certainly has issues with regret.
The wife seemingly has no style and that is why she seeks her husbands approval of what she wears. I on the other hand would never let a man tell me what to wear and it is as they say  the majority of women do not dress for men anyway  they dress for other women seeing as they all try to outdo each other. If I ever turn up for an event with the same outfit on as someone else then you can bet your ass that she looks better in it than I do. This has only ever happened to me once but I dont think Ill have that problem again as nobody I know would wear the clashing bright colours that I tend to be attracted to over the last couple of years. Its usually a case of no little-black-dress for me, indeed at the moment there is no little anything being worn seeing as I adjust the elastic on my big knickers that were digging into my even bigger backside.
Finally, one of the cubicles is free and I make a beeline for it as I hastily strip off my own clothing to try on the two cocktail dresses that I have chosen. I just hope one of them fits well enough for me to feel at least a bit comfortable as I take a deep breath and hold my stomach in. Really, what is the point when there is a baby on board whilst I struggle into the first one? I could probably do with the shop assistants help but I refuse to ask the miserable cow for any, as I do not want another look that could kill from her, especially now that I have a child to protect. I opt to pop my head out of the curtain and seek that kind husband, who had given up his seat for me in a bid to assist in the zipping up of the back of my dress.
It is the first time in simply ages that any mans hand has touched the skin on my bare back (be it by accident) and it sends a slight shiver up my spine that makes me pull away with a nervous chuckle. The poor bloke tries to hurry up the action by grabbing at the garment once more that I am, wrapped up in but he has large cold hands and the zipper seems to be stuck. It sends me into a fit of girly giggles, only then I quickly realise where I am and whom I am with as the wife of the man in question nearly rips the curtain down in disgust. I am beside myself with alarm as she is very, very angry but luckily, she does not take it out on me (being the pregnant other woman in her eyes anyway). The husband gets the wrath of her wrongly asserted accusations as I try to shrink into the background as best I can, for it is not that big an area in there for three people.
The wife literally drags the husband by his soft collar away from me; I make the rushed decision to buy the dress I am wearing, as I am long past caring what I look like. I do not even bother with the other one as I change back into my own clothes as quickly as possible. I am at the till desk and the married woman is behind me minus the husband, who has been sent to wait in the car. Id hate to be him when he gets home since the snarling face on the wife makes her look like she will give him not only deaf-and-dumb-dinners for a while, but he can forget all about sex for the next decade. I try to ignore her and concentrate on the dangly ethnic earrings that are, displayed on a stand, which sits on the counter top. I soon purchase my item and walk out of the shop but I feel a little guilty. After all, it was I, who got him into this situation and he made no such advances towards me. Therefore, I go back in and try to explain this to the wife  but she is having none of my feeble explanation about cold hands and stuck zips  as she slowly gets redder and redder in the face.
Then the wife tells the shop assistant you should watch out for this one. Shes already tried to steal my husband, so God only knows what shes taken from this place too.
Ill have you know that I havent stolen anything from a shop in a long while. Im trying to give-up that bad habit along with the smoking but out of all the stress I have to go through, well I could certainly do with a fag right about now. They both look at me in horror as if I have just stabbed myself in the stomach or something.
In that case, Ill have to check your bags, said the brunette shop assistant as she dashes out from behind the counter and grabs my handbag which is still open from when Id tossed my purse into it and sitting there on top of my other paraphernalia is a pair of dangly ethnic earrings.
I dont understand it. I dont know how they got there because I didnt put them there, or did I do it without my knowledge? I even start to doubt the sanity of my own mind at this stage because maybe, pregnancy does that to you. I shake my head in total disbelief and what if the cops turn-up to arrest me. It was not as if I could do a runner in my condition. Surely, I can still use the phone all right. In that, I would ring Kim and beg her to get Adrian to assist in my early release from prison. I can see her now, ordering me to calm down as I am busy going on about the shame of having my baby behind bars.
I bet that stomach of hers is one of those false ones that shoplifters have to pretend their pregnant but really, its just another place to stash the stolen stuff, says the wife and pointing like we wouldnt know where my big belly is.
I am afraid . . . I will have to check that too, says the shop assistant and I get, manhandled into the bargain for all my troubles.
Are my swollen ankles false too because you will not get much in them and this is ridicules. I might sue this joint for more than false accusations if you carry on moving your fingers over my person. It is her that you need to check because that is, the oldest trick in the book. Take the suspicion off one by landing it on another.
I dont know what youre on about, insists the mature wife and she goes to leave the premises, but the shop assistant is rather more persistent in her search of her bags. It resulted in the woman being, arrested and not me for when they viewed the video footage since it clearly showed the wicked wife taking a few more garments into the changing rooms than she put back and wreaking her revenge on me for taking her husbands attention away from her. Honestly, some people leave me shocked by their actions and even more stunned by my own response since I had actually believed that I was guilty at one point. I must admit that I was a little scared to death and I have never been that frightened of anything before so it must be the hormones, I tell myself. As Im suddenly lost for words and shake my head once more to clear it as I leave the shop and believe me, I wont be coming back even if the dress does need returning.



Chapter 34


It has come to this  I seem to be Carrie Coyles only friend nowadays  ever since she realised that we strangely look so much like one another. She has not twigged that it was my good self, who was doing an impression of her in front of the Queen and I am glad about that since I would have a lot of explaining to do otherwise to her manager and his lawyer no doubt. She even pretends that we are sisters from another life (crazy I know) and Carrie refuses to see anyone else right now even her mentor, Mitch Mathews. I found out that she is staying here not because of any drug/drink or mental breakdown problems at all. The poor little rich girl is just trying to cope with her grief since her father was the old man that had owned most of Babington Court, only he had recently died of a heart attack.
I have not had the privilege of meeting her mother yet, since she is not back from her oversees business trip. Another secret was then revealed by Carrie when she let slip that her mother (the new majority shareholder of the place in which I work) is in fact out of the country having plastic surgery. It really is another world for them lot, is it not? If someone I loved had died then I would not rush off and have work done on myself, I would be there for my daughter (no matter how spoiled she might be) and help her through it. I guess I am not the only one with a selfish mum at the end of the day and we have that in common besides the looks and the voice. Oh my god, the hair as well I note when Carrie took off her expensive blonde wig and this is truly uncanny and more than a little freaky to be honest.
Meanwhile, Mitch Mathews is insisting that I be there for his client or (and I quote his words here) Ill find a way to get you fired . . . and pregnant or not, I dont care. It seems that the man is not such a nice chap after all and who would have thought it. I still cannot believe that I once fancied the pants off that particular charmer, but I was young and impressionable and I have definitely wised up since then. If I thought that was beyond expectations  I certainly cannot quite get my head around why Carrie Coyle would want to accompany me to this house-warming shindig at Alisons ground floor flat  but wonders never cease. I mean she must be, invited to the most prestigious parties so why would she choose to come to this I will never know. Apparently, Alison invited her by accident as she was standing in for me because I was late coming back into work from a doctors appointment. It just slipped out about the trouble Alison was having as she tried to do all the catering herself to save on cost. By the way, I did not bother to offer my services since I would only be more of a hindrance in the kitchen than an actual help.
Anyway, that was when Carrie from right out of the blue (no, she didnt offer to lend a hand by making the grub) having only went and offered to go and pay for a private catering company to take charge of the food and drink as a generous house-warming gift. Well Alison then felt under obligation to extend the hand of friendship and invite the super diva along, not for a minute expecting her to accept. So here I am, trying to squeeze myself into the dress that I had bought for this occasion with a little help from my dad. He is so patient and I am not as I fling the black mascara wand down into the bath in frustration, for I am breathing in and about to lose consciousness I might add. My dad offers to clean up the messy black smudges on the white tub whilst I concentrate on taming my wild locks that seemingly have a mind of their own and dont they always. (I curse my mother for condemning me to a life of styling beyond the call of duty just to get the hair to straighten up and play ball.)
My dad opens the front door to a tall man in a peaked cap and uniform, for he is our driver for the evening and I am not ready. I am not done with my mop yet and he is early. I carry on regardless of the fact that I was keeping a superstar waiting in the stretch limo parked outside. I am finally set to go, so I grab my present, which was perfectly gift wrapped and sitting on the glass and metal hallstand on the way out. The driver kindly holds open the door for me as I yank up my dress and rather less than gracefully shuffle across the seat whilst staring at my fellow companion. She is not done up like the famous Carrie Coyle in all her Goth gear finery but looks relatively and dare I say it, boringly normal and frankly a lot like me (only younger and far richer and not fat with child).
I want to be me tonight, the old me that is and that is what you see before you now, Carrie says with a bright smile as she took a deep breath before downing her drink. To be honest, it is the happiest I have seen her since I have known her.
I think you look lovely whatever way you decide to portray yourself, I reply encouragingly, seeing as I figure that even celebrities are sometimes filled with self-doubt and loathing just like the rest of us. If we could unzip our bodies and crawl out of them in order to become someone else for a short time then I am sure that a lot of us would take the opportunity. Even if it meant that, there was a chance that we could not get back to being our old selves ever again. That is my version of a sci-fi thought for today anyhow and if anyone is interested in joining me, perhaps I will make it into a game later on when the party atmosphere dies down as in who you would be if not yourself.
Thanks for the confidence boost, I needed it. Would you like a drink of champagne? Carrie asks as she pours herself another one.
I would love one but unfortunately, I cant in my condition, I said as I point to my stomach with a wry smirk.
Carrie stares at me with astonishment for the penny has finally dropped and I do believe that she did not even suss that I was pregnant. Seeing as she had probably just thought me fat all along and getting bigger by the day. While Carrie has been inviting me to share her meals and I figured that she was just lonely and it was rude not to accept and then, Id go home and my dad had dinner made for me so Id have to eat that too out of respect for him going to all the effort and cooking it for me. I soon wonder how Carrie has managed to escape the entourage of people that keep coming and going from her suite at Babington Court. They seem to be constantly worried about her state of health, mainly mental I think for she is as strong as an ox. I try my best to relax and just enjoy the company of my most famous client, but it is not that easy when all she wants to discuss is the reason I thought I could impersonate Carrie Coyle better than she can. I am truly ousted as the fake one and I bet I know who told her  it was probably that makeup artist for she seemed like a right old gossip  who couldnt keep a secret if the end of civilization literally depended on it.
The makeup artist even informed me (a complete stranger) the details about Mitch the managers personal life. How he has a particular fondness for hanging out in truck stops and picking up stray gay men, who were game for some slap and tickle in the back of the big cabs. I was neither shocked nor surprised but it did put a new spin on my having a fag line, which I had often used as an excuse to escape my workload. I do not really know what to say to Carrie about my experience of being her, other than the truth. I was in Blackpool and I sang your hit song to win a karaoke competition and then I dressed up as you so that I could get into the conference building to help out my mate Alison.
Alison, whose party were attending?
Yes, the one and only . . . anyway to cut a long story short, I was with my old neighbour and friend called Brenda and she used to be a big showbiz agent and we got photographed by the press. Mitch Mathews contacted Brenda and made a deal, but you were not supposed to find out.
Mitch is supposed to tell me everything about whats going on with my career and if I cant trust him, then who can I trust?
Thats not for me to say, I reply and look out of the window whilst wishing that wed hurry up and arrive at the party before I get myself into more trouble.
No, perhaps its cruel of me to put you on the spot like this but I need answers. What would you do in my situation?
I cant tell you what to do, its not up to me, I insist on staying neutral and miss my opportunity to play God with someones life.
She leans back in her seat and rummages in her bag with manic intent for her mobile phone, as I try to change the subject by showing her my present for the newbie housemates. But I can see by her expression that shes not a happy bunny right about now because she cant get through to Mitch Mathews, so Im probably best off out of it altogether as I go to move the beautifully wrapped crystal champagne glasses out of harms way. I was not fast enough, Carrie grabbed my gift off me in total frustration and flung it across the other side of the limo wall which it bounced off and hit the floor with a thud. I wondered if any of the six might have survived that but then Carrie stood up and kicked it around the show like a football. I do not think any of the six would stay unbroken through that, do you? It dawns on me that she has a bit of a temper and I will have to watch how I handle her from now on. I know, kettle and pot black right (wrong, that was the pre-pregnant me as I am a lot calmer these days).
We arrive and she is still busy texting someone, so I get out of the limo to stretch my legs and straighten my dress while I wait for her. We are about to walk in the front door when her phone goes off and Carrie tells me Ill have to get this, you dont have to wait for me. Ill follow you in, in a minute. She raises her hand to usher me on and I guess I am, dismissed.
Hello, you . . . happy housewarming or whatever it is that Im supposed to say, I said to Alison whos standing just inside the doorway, she doesnt even notice that Im not bearing a gift and I could have very well saved my money if Id have known that it didnt matter.
Where is Carrie Coyle? Ive told everyone that shes coming and Ill just look like a complete liar now if she doesnt turn-up, expresses Alison, looking over my shoulder as she kisses my cheek.
Oh shes here all right, so dont panic. I brought her myself, shes just on the phone outside and shell be in, in a minute, I repeat what I was told.
Well thats brilliant then. Now the party can really get going. Have you seen the amount of food and drink the caterers have delivered courtesy of our VIP guest? Its like one of those state banquets that I suspect the Queen has all the time.
Err, word of advice. Do not mention the Queen to Carrie. Shes a bit sensitive about the royal performance.
God yeah, that will be because of the mooning incident and who can blame her?
Yes, it was a bit rude but Im sure she didnt mean anything by it and it was just a silly wardrobe malfunction, I say and realise why Carrie is so upset with Mitch Mathews because if it wasnt for him, I wouldnt have got the chance to do that in the first place.
It was rather disrespectful if you ask my mum, shes not very impressed by me inviting someone like that to this party. Megastar or not, my mum is not going to be one of the ones gushing over Carrie Coyle.
Huh, I wouldnt worry about that if I were you. Your mum wont even recognise her if you didnt point her out, because Carrie isnt dressed up like her usual self tonight and she looks pretty normal if you ask me.
Oh my God, is that her that has just walked through the door? Alison asks and stands there open-mouthed with shock.
Yeah, I know what you are thinking . . . you are thinking that she is the spitting image of me, are you not? I think thats why she likes me, some sort of narcissistic trait and its relevant to looking in a mirror without a shiny glass surface I suspect.
I wasnt going to say anything, but its uncanny when you see the two of you together in the same room. Ive never seen her without the makeup and wigs.
Hi there . . . are you happy with the catering? If not then I can probably arrange for someone else to do it even though I know its a bit late in the day.
No, no . . . its perfect. Thank you so much for all this. I can thank you enough really.
Oh its nothing . . . glad to help and any friend of Ambers is a friend of mine too. Isnt that right, Amber?
Yeah, sure, I reply and mouth behind her back to Alison, help me!
Here you go. Amber bought you these, but she left them in the car, says Carrie and hands over two vintage bottles of Champagne from the limo.
Wow, thanks. This is the expensive stuff that the celebrities drink . . . is it not?
You bet, I said and look at Carrie before we head off to the buffet seeing as Ive saved myself all day for this and if I cant enjoy the drink, then I damn well can afford to savour my grub. I note that Carries the only person I know that actually likes Turkish Delight seeing as she grabs a couple of the powdery cubes and pops them into her mouth. Perhaps, I should give that box of the stuff that I have to her since I would hate to have to bin it when the date runs outs. It is an awful waste otherwise and I do not like throwing good money away so she may as well eat them (the sweet treats I mean obviously and not the cold hard cash).
No one seems to be bothering Carrie Coyle and that is exactly the way she likes it. A few people came over and I thought that they were about to ask for her autograph because Alison had told them who she was but all they wondered is, if we were twins? Carrie had a bit of fun with one couple when she pretended that we were and that I was having twins too. Needless, to say, I didnt find this funny as Im not that big as to be expecting two babies so I thought it rather cheeky for her to insist that I was. And when Carrie talks about me being like the sister she always wanted but never had, well, I think its time to lose the shadow for a while so that I can relax a bit and not simply be here for her entertainment. Too late to make my getaway when I come out of the toilet I am afraid for there she is, waiting for me outside it. I am, dragged into the back room where there is a karaoke microphone or two with our names on them, apparently. As one is, thrust into my free hand with a half eaten seasoned beef tartlet thing in the other that I had grabbed off the buffet table in passing.
We do a duet of Carries hit song and take it in turns to belt out the ballad; it becomes something of a competition when we try to outdo each other but only in a friendly way. Our audience seems to be enjoying it as I half expect them to get out their lighters and sway them in the air in time with the music. I think Ive discovered that I dont like being on stage by myself and rather enjoy sharing the spotlight, but Carrie on the other hand is the complete opposite and hogs the ending all to herself with the high note in order to showcase her vocal talents as being thoroughly superior to mine and Ill give her that. Well she has had more training and much more practice than I have for a start. What am I saying, she is clearly the star here and even without the makeup and the rest of it. Carrie shines on stage like the natural that she is and I do not. She does not need to pretend that she is anything else; it is as simple as that for her. I could never truly be her so let us face it; she would not want to be me. Who would?
Anyhow, there we were. About to do another number when Mitch Mathews bursts through the crowd and yells in front of everyone what the hell are you doing? Its in your contract that you cant sing unless I let you.
I was just having some fun. Its not fun anymore, she replies and he drags Carrie outside to the far end of the garden for a severe telling off by the looks of the shouting and screaming taking place. Carrie starts off by giving as good as she gets but she is no match for Mitch and his sarcastic tongue and quick wit, which is, tainted with acid. I stand in the doorway and watch her head fall into her palms and she is crying her heart out. I know that I should not get involved and it is not my place to interfere, but when he raises his hands to push her over and down onto the grass where he actually spits on her. Well my feet did not touch the ground (pregnant or not) I leapt across that garden and stood between them so he could not do anything else to her. Get out the way you fat slag; I havent finished with her just yet. I ignore his request in order to hand her a napkin that she can wipe the spit up with off her face.
If Carrie knows whats good for her then shes finished with you. To spit on someone, is the lowest of the low and thats what youve proven yourself to be.
Who asked for your opinion, bitch?
I did actually, back in the car and now that Amber has kindly given it to me. I will not need your services any longer. Youre fired as my manager and you can shove your silly pop songs up your arse where Im sure theyll be a comfort to you, when the record company gets through with you for losing their biggest star.
Carrie, sweetheart . . . I didnt mean anything by all this. Sometimes you have to get tough with a client just to get the best out of them. Its for your own good you know that, now dont be hasty and make any decisions youll regret.
Ive been thinking about it for a while so thats it. Im not going to be your singing puppet anymore.
This is your entire fault, Amber you stupid whore. What have you done? You have brainwashed her to be like you and if I am getting the chop, then so are you. That much Ill see to before Im gone, so mark my words, says Mitch to me before he storms off up the path towards the house.
Im sorry about that; he shouldnt have called you those nasty names.
Oh well, sticks and stones and all that . . . but I am worried about my job.
Oh dont worry about him. He does not have the power to make you lose your job, no matter how important he thinks he is. My mother practically owns Babington Court do not forget so I will guarantee that your working there will continue, said Carrie as she joined me on one of the nearby foldout chairs.
Thanks, I appreciate that. Theres nothing like a bit of job security to ease your woes when youre expecting a little one to take care of.
I dont know whos going to take care of me now that Im without a manager and all the guidance that that provides for my career.
Allow me to be so bold and recommend someone to you, if you dont mind. Shes had a lifetime of experience in show business and is frankly bored soft with her retirement, so Im sure that she would love to help if youre stuck for someone to take over from Mitch . . . even short term.
Who did you have in mind?
Her name is Brenda, Brenda, Brenda so good they named her trice.
Do you think shell really represent me, but what about my contract?
Brenda loves nothing more than getting into it over contracts and shell find a way Im sure. After all youre, Carrie Coyle and dont you forget that.
I have one other problem. Mitch was writing the songs for my album so now I dont have any.
You not going to believe this but I think I can help you there too. I know a brilliant songwriter who wrote that number one hit Im Dying 2 Love U and his name is Ishmael. I could arrange for you two to meet up in the studio and see what happens if you like.
Wow that would be seriously great. Do you think he would like to work with me though? I do have a bit of a reputation already for being a spoiled brat.
Well they dont know you like I do and Id say you are more scared than spoiled and acting out through all the pressure on you to perform. All I can say is that you do not forget why you love singing. How can you when you see how people react to your voice? You have a God given talent, now get out there and use it. She hugs me to her and I feel a deep connection is truly, made right there. The superstar and little old me are really friends  who would have thought that at the start of all this  as we head back indoors to enjoy the rest of the party.



Chapter 35


Sitting in a pool of water at the hospital is where I find myself this morning. I am in a bathing suit that basically, lied to me on the label front (and that is what you get sometimes with bloody knockoff cheap goods from the market). The size of the thing is all wrong since it is like two sizes too small for me and digging in something wicked. Not only do I have to put up with this but also the baby brain has taken over once more, because I had completely forgotten to remove the forest growing between my legs and it is slightly embarrassing to say the least. On the plus side, there is no chance of a camel toe making an appearance as it is too padded with hair to show through and I could always pretend to be foreign. Although there are not many countries to choose from that have pale-skinned redheads with freckles is there. I am, surrounded by complete strangers and that midwife from the antenatal class whose baby doll I had broken (which still sounds bad but remember it was not really my fault). Well, I just knew that she would pick on me as a form of punishment as soon as I had arrived with Valerie and spotted her glaring in our direction.
Valerie of course looks great in her golden bikini to match her fake tan (from a distance you would think that she was standing there nude if you ask me) and most of the men here are firmly transfixed on her petite perk body and frankly in lusting mode. Thankfully, nobody seems to be taking much notice of mine. As in, seen one fat pregnant woman then you have seen them all and I rather appreciate the invisibility at a time when I am not essentially out to impress. The pressure is off for once in my life. I like the fact that these men here or women for that matter do not see me as a sexual being or a threat to their relationship any longer but as a mother figure instead, who is not to, be messed with and treated by the way with much respect. I love being thought of as someone special and I guess that is what is so addictive about becoming a celebrity and why they want to hold on to that feeling once they get it. Perhaps  I will ask Carrie Coyle the next time I see her just to discover if my theory is correct  because if anyone knows the answer then she surely does.
 Anyway, I am busy messing around and flicking water at Valerie and not really listening to what the midwife is saying. She repeats herself because someone was talking in the background and we are all, made to listen again in case we were distracted and missed anything. We did not, but that did not stop her from droning on. She suddenly stops mid-flow with her next sentence and everyone turns to look at me because them lot know that I was to blame this time and that the midwife will start the speech once more. The silence erupts between us and is not, broken by the midwife but me. Not that, I said sorry until after the unfortunate incident which happened next.
I could not help it, it just came out and the plopping noise of me farting in the water along with the bubbles only added to the funniness of the situation. At least it lightened the mood and everyone cracked up laughing when it had happened repeatedly (that will be the chilli beef and beans I had last night making their presence known then). All of them sniggered loudly, that is, apart from the midwife as she continued to keep a straight face throughout the hilarity. I guess she has seen it all before and nothing fazes or surprises her about pregnant women. She suddenly produced out of her large bag, her recently repaired baby doll in order for it to play the part of showing us what happens to the child when it is born in the water.
Youd better behave yourself or theyll not have you back when its time for you to deliver your baby if you carry on like this, says Valerie. She is squatting down outside the inflatable pool to rub my back as directed to show how the birthing partner can help to ease the pain of labour, along with some neck and shoulder massages.
I have already decided that I do not want one of these water births anyway so I do not see the point of all this. It should be someone in here that actually wants to do this for real, not me, I whisper back in the vain hope that Im actually allowed to make a comment in-between my deep breathing exercises, for fear of retribution.
Right, if youd like to get into the pool with Amber then you can show everyone how you can help with not only the labour, but the birth as well, says the midwife and helping Valerie into the pool with me.
You didnt follow through on the farts, did you? Valerie asks me and winks.
Of course not . . . I am still in full control as far as that department goes.
For now anyway, but you wait until the birth. Some women actually shit themselves you know, Valerie replies and gets a knowing look off the midwife from one medical professional to another which explains that theyve both been there, dealt with that and mopped up accordingly.
I didnt mean to do it, it just happened before I knew it when I raised my arse off the bottom of the pool into a squatting position and no, its not what youre thinking because Im proud to say that the water remains clean. Somehow, my feet lost their grip and slipped on the wet surface (who would have thought it) and I suddenly sat back down just as Valerie was simulating her part in helping the baby (doll) to rise up from between my legs and out of the deep blue stuff. Valerie had only gone and accidently pulled the dolls head off, not on purpose obviously but the rest of it was still stuck underneath my derriere and uncomfortable as it was, the body was not coming up for air along with it. The blonde haired head popped up instead to bob and float on the surface of the water seeing as my birthing partner had let go the moment she realised what had happened.
Oh my god, she has decapitated the baby. You did not say this type of birthing method could be that dangerous and here is me worried about the little one drowning, but I did not expect that, pipes up one of the pregnant women in alarm.
I dont think Ill be having my baby like that either, says another.
Let me assure you all, this type of thing wont happen to your babies. So do not let this fiasco put you off, I implore you. It really is one of the safest and most pleasant ways to give birth, said the midwife and trying to reassure them.
Let me get it fixed this time. Im really sorry about this, I say to the midwife as she helped me out of the pool and then, fished out her beloved doll that was now in two pieces. Up close, I notice one of the eyes is slightly hanging out and the other one is cross-eyed (talking about the doll here and not the midwife).
Whilst wrapped in a huge terry-towelling robe and slippers that Valerie and I wear to join in with the rest of our gang who continue our guided rounds of the maternity wings. We were instructed on the methods of pain relief that were available as in gas and air and epidurals etcetera, etcetera  with separate demonstrations taking place of each including something called a Tens machine  which when attached to your skin on the relevant areas gives out an electric pulse to help block the signals. I must remember to put down on my birth plan that I want it all; I still do not want to feel a thing and all this, palaver did not bring out the naturist in me. (Should that not be naturalist? I am not sure for I have not bothered to look it up since I am not one whatever it means, end of.) Call me chicken I dont care, Im scared to death at the thought of all that pain and its making me go quite queasy inside to be honest and I dont mind who knows it.
We were, shown a birthing chair that has been in this Victorian hospital well since Victorian times by the look of it. If that is not going to put you off then I do not know what will. It was basically a big tall legged, dining chair that would happily sit a giant with a hole in the seat where the baby could be delivered into the waiting arms of the crouching midwife (hidden dragon if were talking about this one here) who was positioned underneath it. This contraption even came with a sort of seatbelt so the occupier did not fall out of it, being all dark wood and looking like some sort of torture device, which I suppose it is in a way. I did not fancy trying that out for size as I glanced around the back of it just to make sure that it was not hooked up to the mains since that is what it certainly reminded me of.
Birthing beanbags and giant balls didnt interest me either as we marched around the old wards  or observed the happy mums with their newbie babies and then  on to the windows of the poor little mites thatd needed extra medical attention just to stay alive. Needless, to say, we didnt dwell too long in that department but it was necessary to show us that they can offer the best care available if things go wrong, before we moved on. Next on our whistle stop tour, we came to the brand-new wing that has recently been, added onto the side of the ancient building. I loved this part; it was like being in a luxury hotel suite and I put my name down for one of these rooms straight away before they were all booked up as it was on a first come, first serve basis providing that everything goes according to plan.
Speaking of plans, the following day Im back at the hospital for a routine scan just to check that everythings all right and I think it is so theres nothing to worry about, but its nice to be told that by a professional who knows what theyre talking about just to put your mind at ease. Not that Im getting paranoid or anything but I had a dream about my baby being born with two heads and I know Ive mentioned that particular saying before about them being better than one, but surely not in this case. I know it is silly to think that my baby could grow another head since my last scan but the baby brain is running all sorts of mad ideas through my thoughts lately and frankly, it is getting beyond ridicules.
Are you sure there is only one head?
Yes, quite sure . . . would you like to see for yourself?
No, I dont want to look in case I find out the sex of the baby and I dont want to know, thanks.
Right you are. Ill just take some measurements and then well be done.
Is everything else looking . . . err, normal?
Yes, perfectly . . . are you sure you would not like to just take, a peek. It will help you bond with your baby you know and I promise to only show you the head and nothing more if it will help.
OK. But nothing below the belt, I reply and open my eyes to the screen which shows the face and it is a face that I fell in love with before because its so like Adams when he used to scrunch his up as he concentrated hard on something. It is uncanny and truly unbelievable, so how could I not bond with my baby in an instance and forever more as I start to well up.
I wish he was here to see this  I really do and I know it is not fair to spring something major like this on him just before his wedding to Pippa  but I am half-tempted to get out my phone and call him right this minute. Something stops me all of a sudden, as I do not carry out my threat in the end and I just wallow in the glory of what we have produced together instead. My heart is, filled with so much love that I probably cannot find room in it for dealing with Adam anyway now. My God thats a big todger. It is a boy is it not. You said you wouldnt show me, I say and feeling a bit disappointed, not for discovering that it is what Adam wanted all along (according to Pippa anyway) but for finding out before the event and the surprise is totally spoiled.
But I didnt show you the sex of the child. Thats the umbilical cord.
I knew that . . . I was only kidding around, I lie as she hands me the tissue to remove the cold gel stuff off my bare stomach.
I am none the wiser and that is just the way I like it. And there is such a thing as too much information, besides, if I knew more about it all then Id only worry more and sometimes ignorance really is bliss because what you dont know cant hurt you or so they say. Ouch, that did hurt I think to myself as I bend over in pain whilst heading back towards my vehicle in the car park. I cannot be going into labour, not yet anyhow since I still have a fair few weeks to go. Therefore, you would have thought the medically trained woman that I have just been with would have noticed if I was going into labour, do you not think. Of course, I panic and grab my mobile phone to ring everyone I know just to check and be on the safe side. No need to leave the hospital grounds if I am going to be, rushed straight back in is there.
It thankfully eased off and I was told by everyone and his dog that it was probably Braxton Hicks (practice contractions) so nothing to write home about as its absolutely normal and just my bodys way of preparing for the inevitable to happen. They said that I could not mistake the proper ones for these because they are nothing compared to being in labour (and this is supposed to make me feel better because it is not working). Crisis over and I feel stupid for bothering everyone. Christ if I am this jittery over something like this, then God knows what I will be like when it is the real deal.



Chapter 36


A week later and it is an evening full of choices for me as I get in from work. I can either a) stay in and watch that Fawlty Towers DVD with my dad again (and funny as it is, remember, I watched it last Christmas with him so do I really want to repeat myself here). Or b) take a nice long warm bath with lots of bubbles and relaxing music in the background (only these days its hard to get in and out of the tub so easily and I worry about falling and then my dad will have to come in and rescue me, whilst Im naked). Theres also option c) Ive been invited to the nativity production at Charlies nursery and Im thinking, do I really want to be surrounded by boisterous kids and doting parents/grandparents? In the event that it is way before it is my time to have to do it for real for my own offspring. You know what they say do you not; if in doubt then c (see) it out. While I guess, I can and should spend some quality time watching my godchild in action. Apparently, he is Joseph and who would have thought that Mr Teddy would get a starring role too because hes baby Jesus.
But Im just on my way out the door. How can you forget baby Jesus? Hes the main character, isnt he? I ask Kim over the phone.
I know, but we were running late too and busy rushing around. You will find that out when you are a mother, nothing goes according to plan. So Ill need you to go to our place on the way here and pick up Mr Teddy.
I havent got a key anymore; I gave it back to you when I moved out. Cant your mother get it or Adrian?
They are both here and the whole thing is about to start soon. Ive already told the production manager that everything is under control so if we leave, itll only look suspicious and I want a good recommendation off this woman for the next nursery dont forget that, because us moving and your moving depend on it.
Oh hold on, Ive an idea. I still have that doll which belongs to the midwife and I can bring that. Itll look better than a teddy bear, wont it?
How did you end up with a midwifes doll?
Huh, dont ask because its a long story and we havent got time, bye.
I have saved the day and crisis averted, now all I have to do is bung this baby up in a towel and we are good to go. I was careful to position the broken head and tightly wrap the cloth around it and tucking in all the edges  to keep it in its rightful place  since I have not had the chance to get it fixed yet. The eyes do not look too bad now that I have shoved them back into the sockets and it will only be lying down in a manger for the duration of the short play, so no worries about any mishaps taking place because, even I can probably safely assume that everything will be just fine. I arrive in no time at all, as I hand the bound and gagged doll over to Kim backstage to give to the production manager and then she can put it neatly in the wooden crate that is being, used for the babys bed that is, filled with shredded paper. Since when did they have machines to do this purpose in biblical times? When exactly did they ever have tigers and pandas in the pen (it is not a zoo) because I thought it was an ox and an ass (perhaps, sometimes a donkey and a cow or sheep are acceptable too) while they look on adoringly at all the unfolding drama. Certainly not something that would want to eat the baby Jesus along with entertaining him with a song and dance (Al Jolson style, yes, she has been at it again with her face paints).
I sit down and glance around the audience and pray that nobody is officially offended by this because believe me, that girl really doesnt know whats wrong with it so please forgive her and the teenager might even lose her job as an apprentice if anyone complains. I think that I should warn her about the fact that this is so not on, particularly, nowadays. Hold on, there is that black bloke (from Trick or Treating night) and his beautiful daughter is playing Mary (ah bless, she is adorable). Christ if he is not upset by this then frankly, I will show my arse on stage. I stand up in order to make my way over to the front in a bid to find that teenager so she can perhaps change the makeup before anybody else sees it. Only I am, stopped half way there by Jed as he says hi, getting fatter by the day I see.
Thanks for noticing, but I am still pregnant you know, I snap.
So, where are you guys all sitting? I dont want to sit alone or with people I dont know.
I didnt realise that you would be attending this thing too.
Yeah, were going to be like some divorced couple who always turn up at events such as this for the rest of Charlies life . . . arent we?
I guess I may as well get used to it then, I reply as I point over towards our gang which consists of Kim, Adrian and her mother (only the other Godparent, being Adrians brother is back up in Scotland and thats why hes not here).
So there I am backstage again and helping to hurriedly wipe the faces of the two panda bears clean by using wipes and then, I do one and the teenager copies me as we correct the paint jobs. She was really, grateful to me and even found me a chair to sit on. The children will have to stay as pandas, simply because they are wearing the black and white furry costumes and I cannot think of any other animals that resemble this (apart from sheepdogs after the fact). Once done, I will have to rush in order to head off and retake my seat for the start of the production. But as I shoot up, Ive only go and pissed myself (Christ, now is not the time to lose control of my bowel movements like they said I might at the clinic). Thankfully, I do not make much of a mess on the ground and the towel that I threw down soon soaks up all the available spillage before someone slips on it. One of the little darlings picks it up for me and Im glad not to have to bend down and get it myself since its one of the things that I find hard to do nowadays without wanting to go to the loo afterwards. I am talking about all this pressure from down below.
After which I resume my seat next to Jed and soggy knickers aside, I was wearing my long boho dress (I know that summer is well and truly over but these are the only things that comfortably fit me and my ever expanding waistline these days) along with a chunky cardigan to keep warm. In work, they have special uniforms for pregnant women as I guess they must get a lot of that in a predominantly female profession so everything is already, catered for. I was not worried about the smell of urine tickling Jeds nostrils and grossing him out because there was none, which is strange but I was not concerned at this point. I mean it is not as if I am in pain or anything as I feel perfectly fine and looking forward to seeing my godchild play his part.
Charlie is so funny; he is confidently shouting his lines out whilst dragging the shy Mary around the stage (she has a cushion up her cloth dress to show her pregnant belly and I know just how the poor girl feels). Charlie is definitely overacting if you ask me but clearly loving every minute of it. His face is literally beaming when he spots us in the audience and I guess a star is truly being born right before our very eyes. Although  production is suddenly halted for a second when one of the tigers needs to go to the loo and rushes off  but promptly comes back on stage to say that he cant get the costume off in order to go by himself and he has peed a little onto the material. (All together now, ah, God love him and once again, I can sympathise more than they realise.)
The next scene is when the angel Gabriel (a red headed boy who looks more like a little devil to me because hes enjoying it far too much swinging about on that rope) as he appears again after having already told Mary that she will be having a very special baby. He is hanging from the rafters. Where is Health and Safety at a time like this I do not know for I am surprised that they let him do it so high up and without a safety net. He is now telling the shepherds about the bright star and what it means for all of humankind as a saviour is being born to show us the error of our ways and teach us how to live like decent human beings. It is certainly getting a bit serious and deep and where is the comedy in all this I ask you.
Oh, there it is as a bit of slapstick always goes down a right treat round about now when Mary trips over her long faded gown and the cushion repositions itself to pad out her knees instead of her stomach. And one of painted cloth scenery sheets falls down to reveal the piano player backstage and all of a sudden they are now in every scene like it or not. I for one am liking it a lot because Im just sat here and waiting for the next thing to go wrong, only its such a shame that we are not allowed to film it and put it on the internet, for privacy reasons. Put another way, in case there is a Peter File amongst us. (I do not know what the world has come to because of these vile animals, when you cannot even enjoy the innocence of a childhood play repeatedly on your DVD player at home, especially when your godchild is in it and you want to blackmail them with it when they are older.)
It is all going swimmingly now until that is, Charlie discovers that Mr Teddy has been, replaced with a doll and he goes totally apeshit over this as he screams and stamps his feet in temper as if we have actually stolen his real child. He then roughly picks up the baby Jesus to closely, inspect it before wildly tossing it back into the manger. I notice something small and round fly through the air towards the pen where the animals are, cornered in. The towel unravels of course at this point whilst the head hits the rim of the wooden crate before it falls down onto the stage. The audience gasps in horror as it rolls right to the edge and thankfully does not go over the rim, so the production manager sits back down as she was poised to catch it before she instructs Charlie to pick it up and put it back and carry on with the play.
Everybody thinks that he has calmed down enough and is ready to continue  but they do not know him like I do and I would know that look anywhere  simply because I have seen it enough times. Charlie is still not a happy soul and he shouts out silly bugger. As he kicks the head of the doll out into the darkened audience and it hits one of the grandmothers in the face, thus knocking off her pair of glasses right into her lap. The production manager apologies and Kim apologies but Charlie refuses to say sorry so he is, sent off backstage in shame with his father for company and his understudy comes on to take over playing his part of Joseph and finish off the nativity play. (It makes me wonder since when do they have such a thing as an understudy, they are little children for Christs sake and it is not some major west end production. I do not know, some people around this place have aspirations above their station if you ask me and mentioning no names but looking directly at the production manager when I think this.)
Once the applause dies down, well, I soon take my chance to rescue the midwifes doll before someone deems the broken object worthy of a trashcan and put it in one. Im supposed to be sending it off to the dolly hospital tomorrow to get fixed and Id no idea that there was such a thing until I looked it up on the internet and booked their next patient in for a complete overhaul job. They had promised to make it like new and for what they are charging me then I could probably go out and buy a brand-new (collectable) one for half the price and still be, left with plenty of pocket change to boot. However, I know how special this particular doll is to the midwife and I do not want to piss her off. Especially if she is going to be in charge of my only source of pain relief during the birth and we all know by now just how important that is to me.
I look into the crib and notice that the head (spookily without the eyes) has been, placed in the wrong position as if it is growing out of the forearm instead of the neck area like it should be. Im glad now that I did see that my own babys head was in the right place on my last scan, so thats one less thing to fret about. After having placed the body parts into a carrier bag, Im busy rummaging around the bundles of makeshift straw bedding in the pen (still shredded paper to you and me) when I thankfully come across one of the missing blue eyes. It was the bending down that did it, as I suddenly doubled over in pain and showing my arse on stage might be about to come true if I am not careful. I cannot have my baby in a stable, no matter how poetic it sounds. I have to move from here so I go to scream out for help but my breath is literally, taken away by the next strong contraction that I feel. Shit, this is it, is it not? But Im not prepared for this and Im not due for another couple of weeks, damn it  cant anything in my life go according to plan since Id geared myself up for it then  not now. Can I not just cross my legs and make it stop until I am ready? To think that having open legs is what got me into this position in the first place and where have I heard that before?
Are you all right? asks Kim, having noticed my extreme discomfort.
No Im bloody not. I think the babys coming, I reply in alarm.
Are you sure? Its not due yet and it could be just some more of those Braxton Hicks again, she said and trying to aid me over towards a seat.
You were one of the ones that told me that Id know the difference when I felt it and guess what? Im feeling it so get me to the hospital.
You probably have plenty of time, so dont panic.
I dont know about that . . . ow . . . Jesus that one hurt like hell. I think my water might have broken backstage just before the play started.
Why didnt you tell me earlier? You can get infections you know.
I didnt want to make a fuss, besides I was feeling fine until now.
Whats up with her, pipes up Jed and coming over towards us.
I am having my baby, you idiot. What does it look like?
Well dont take it out on me because youre in a little pain, he retorts and stops walking with his hands up in a surrender mode.
Come a little closer so that I can hit you and then youll know all about my pain and a bit of what it feels like, I said to his shocked face because I think he realises that Im really in labour here and not simply being a drama queen.
Jed, stop gawping and help me get her into the car. We have to get her to the hospital right now, unless you want to deliver it here, explains Kim and taking charge of the awkward situation.
Jed rang Valerie on the way to the hospital and she is meeting us there. At least one thing is still as it should be and that is that my birthing partner will help me through this. As I am, rushed in, Kim holds back in order to contact my dad and let him know what is happening. I dont mind telling you that Im scared shitless  only I dont think Ill be having any problems with the control of my bowels  since theres simply nothing to lose and the thought of me defecating instead of giving birth had crossed my mind a lot in the past few days. Surely, I would die of embarrassment if it happened to me.
You know the worst part, I did not get to use the luxury room that I had booked because it was already being, used and I was, bunged in a room with another woman who was in the same position as me (that being early and taking everyone by surprise). It had two beds and a single curtain between us. I felt like I was in some clinical communal roach motel and not the five star private hotel accommodation that I was supposed to be enjoying, if thats even possible when giving birth as Im not sure because Ive not had my drugs yet either. My birth plan was still at home in my travel bag that was, packed ready for the trip to the hospital (in a few weeks time). Its so much better for the baby not to have a drugged out mother; didnt I explain that earlier to you in our antenatal classes? says the midwife and it is apparently too late for an epidural as I am, offered gas and air instead. If I had wanted to blow some bloody balloons up then I would have done it already with this stuff because that is all it is useful for in terms of pain relief for me.
It isnt powerful enough to block out the pain, I shout at the midwife whose doll I still have and I wonder about blackmailing her with this fact in return for some proper pain relief. As in  if I get what I want then she gets her doll back  in one piece.
So there I am busy panting and puffing away and wanting to scream the whole place down but am told to be quiet by the midwife, in case I disturb the other woman giving birth behind the curtain. I feel like I have entered some sort of religious sect where they believe that the woman should remain silent so as not to upset the baby because apparently  to know that the mother is distressed can be harmful to the child  according to them anyway. Well bollocks to that idea and Im sorry if Im not the model woman in labour here, Christ, Im already nearly breaking poor Valeries thin fingers as I grip them tightly in sheer terror. And Im getting annoyed at her kind attempts to rub my neck and ease my pain, the tens machine is on full and I beg them to hook me up to the mains instead because at this point I could probably take it to be properly electrocuted. The stupid ice cubes that I was sucking on are, flung on the floor along with the rest of them in the clear bag and I want to throw one of Charlies tantrums right here and right now, if I could just make it off this bed. I do not make a good patient because I have no patience for all this.
I cant do it, get this thing out of me. I want a c-section and I want it now, I demand and the midwife looks at Valerie and rolls her eyes, seeing as shes obviously heard it all before and much, much worse no doubt.
Honey, you can do this. Just keep breathing like the way we practiced. Come on, we will do it together . . . ah . . . shit . . . ow! says Valerie just before she fell and then landed funny on her arm. She had only gone and slipped on the sodding ice cubes and hit the hard tiled floor with a thud.
Get up and help me, damn it, I demand and not even asking if she was all right.
Here, let me help you up, said the midwife and leaving the foot of my bed to assist Valerie.
Valerie, where are you going? Hey, you cant leave me all alone, I said to the midwife as she leads Valerie out of the room.
Thats just great, Im stuck here and suffering the worst pain Ive ever felt in my life and trying my best not to lose it big style for the sake of the other pregnant lady behind the curtain. But why am I feeling sorry for her when she has her husband and her midwife by her side to aid her through this and at the moment, I have no one and seem to be Billy-no-mates around these parts. I contemplate shouting out for help, as I have visions of me trying to deliver this child all by myself; I knew it was a mistake not to read that baby manual cover to cover and just skim over the good bits. I am trying desperately not to panic and scream out in agony so as not to disturb anyone. Whoever said that being in the same boat as somebody else is supposed to make it easier, as in, you feel better for not being the only one well let me tell you this for nothing, it does not work like that when youre having a communal birth. I want some privacy damn it so that I do not have to be polite about these things and if I want to behave as if I am a right diva then I bloody well should be, allowed to. At last, the midwife returns to my bed after what seems like an age but has probably only been a couple of minutes at the most. Wheres Valerie?
She has damaged her arm and has gone down to get it x-rayed, replies the midwife and looking a bit worried. I do not know if that is for Valerie, or is she seeing something that she does not like the look of here?
Can you ask . . . Kim to come in and . . . be with me then instead? I ask in-between my deep breathing and gripping my hard stomach.
Shes not here. Shes gone to fetch her son.
Why would she leave me? Charlies with his father so he is fine . . . is he not?
His father smacked him for something he did.
Oh, I see. Kim . . . doesnt believe in smacking children.
I do. I smack them on the bottom to make them cry when they are born, if they are not responsive enough already. Start as you mean to go on I say, replies the midwife and being deadly serious.
Here am I now praying that my child comes out all singing and all dancing so as not to be, hit by this sadist when entering the world. Mind you, it could be worse I suppose because Valerie told me that sometimes she has to swing the lambs around by their ankles in order to clear the airways and vigorously rub them down with a towel in a bid to warm them up and get them breathing properly. Is my dad here yet?
Yes, hes outside in the waiting room. Would you like him to come in here and be with you?
No, is there anyone else that can come in? I say, as I do not want my dad seeing me like this with my legs akimbo and bits on show for all to ogle.
As a matter of fact there is and hes coming in any second now, so dont fret. I didnt catch his name but you wont go through this without someone there that you know to hold your hand.
Oh my god, it is not Jed is it. I know he was very helpful in getting me to this hospital and then waiting anxiously outside because Valerie told me earlier on, but no way would I want him in here with me. And if he makes one remark about me having a blonde moment, then not only do I swear that I will swing for him no matter how much pain I was in   Id probably get off this bed and chase him not only out of the room  but out of the hospital as well. The next thing I see is a giant Mr Teddy coming through the door and I have not even had any hallucinogenic drugs, yet. If I thought that was weird then the face that emerged from behind it had me truly stumped as to what my reaction should be. Hi there, stranger, he said, putting down the teddy.
You do know each other, dont you? Because Ill have to ask you to leave otherwise, asks the midwife and reviewing the new furry friend that sat rigid in the armchair.
Yes . . . this is Adam. Hes the father of my baby, I reply and I cannot take my eyes off him. He looks so handsome and naturally tanned whilst here am I looking the worst site I have ever looked in my entire life. Even as a teenager, I would not let anyone see those spots and covered them up in makeup in a bid to hide them. Now look at me, fat, bloated, hairy, pale, blotchy skin with my frizzy hair stuck to my head and neck in ringlets of sweat. I have rough and flaky skin on my feet, knees, elbows you name it. My fingernails are, chewed to the wick with nerves; my toenails are showing signs of a fungal infection since I have not shown them any loving care in simply ages. I was planning to get a complete makeover before the big event but it did not quite work out that way. I hardly look like the picture of health laying here  but that does not stop Adam from gripping my hand and kissing my forehead  before telling me how beautiful I am both inside and out. This is just what I wanted to hear from him and I do not care if he is engaged to another woman (namely Pippa) because he is here right now, just where I need him to be and together we can do this.



Chapter 37


Did I say we could do this? Because I did not see, Adam getting his private area cut to ribbons by a sadistic, scissor-welding midwife who was probably seeking revenge for a broken doll. Oh all right, I know it was necessary and the only way that this baby was being born so I had to have an episiotomy. Surely, they could have warned me that it could hurt more than the bloody birth itself (and I mean that literally, because I have never seen so much of the red stuff come out of me). You know the cartoons where for example, the cat is so hurt by the mouse when it backs up and accidently gets branded with a red hot poker on its arse before its found clinging upside down to the ceiling by its claws. Well, that is what it felt like for me too and if I could have done that then I would have.
People say that the mother forgets the pain of childbirth soon afterwards but let me tell you this, I vow to, never forget that I suffered to bring this child into the world and you know what. When I look at my baby and sniff that newborn smell, well I have to admit that I would do it all again in a heartbeat. Because nothing that comes easy to you is ever worth having in the end so that makes this all, the more special since it was, hard fought for and won. Adam was even, asked to cut the cord and his face was the sheer definition of proud just to be included for it was a look that I had never seen before.
See . . . ten fingers and toes, perfect, he says and kisses my lips as a way of rewarding me for my efforts.
And just one head, I reply whilst stoking my babys cheek to feel if it is real and not just a dream.
What a strange thing to say? pipes up the midwife and going about her business down at the other end of the bed.
Im sorry, Adam. I know how disappointed you must be to have a daughter instead of a son, I say and nuzzling my face into my babys chest that peeped through the blanket as my right leg is being strapped into some stirrups along with the left and Im suddenly receiving my stitches in a bid to make me as good as new. It makes me think of the, midwifes doll and how they will fix her at the dolly hospital.
What are you talking about; shes incredible and so adorable, just like you? He reaches out for his child and is mindful of holding her head properly.
Pippa was at the place where I work. She told me all about you guys getting married soon and that you would love to have a son and name him Tristan.
If you think that then youve got it all wrong.
Which part would that be then, the bit about the son or the name?
Im not marrying Pippa for a start. She is just a mate of mine that I let use my flat while I was away. Shes getting wed to a friend of my mothers as she prefers the older gentleman these days and as for your other query . . . Ive never preferred one sex over the other as far as kids go.
So if you didnt leave me for her, then why did you leave me?
I fell in love and wanted to settle down with you and raise a family and you didnt, but I hoped that one day youd change your mind. I went travelling to clear my head and discovered that I could not live without you any longer, no matter how stubborn you are. I gave you the space I thought you needed to miss me as I missed you and then, I came back home to tell you this. Only you didnt want to know because you didnt get in contact with me.
So how did you find out about the baby?
Your dad rang and invited me here today. He said it was something not to be missed and he was right about it being a bond that can never be broken, because he feels that about you.
I told him not to call you, but Im glad that he did. I didnt want you to feel tied to me when I thought that you had simply moved on with your life.
Wow, I still cant believe that shes here. Shes amazing, look at her, he says and turning our child to show me her fat cheeked face.
You two look good together. So I do have another lady in your life to share your affection with but hey, I dont mind one little bit.
Does that mean that youll give us another chance to make a go of things?
Yeah, but we will take it slow this time and see where it leads.
Id like that and look, shes smiling so this means that she approves too, he says with a gorgeous grin of his own to match.
Thatll be wind, pipes up the midwife to spoil our moment of joy.
So . . . do you have a name in mind for our daughter? It would be so great to call her after my mother. She would love that. What do you think?
Ive got something lined up. I was going to call her Leah after my mum.
But you dont even know her?
I just wanted to have a piece of her, even her name so that she can be a part of my . . . sorry, our childs life.
Oh I see . . . well if it means that much to you then Leah it is. Welcome lovely, Leah to this world and I promise to make it the happiest childhood I can for you and well start by naming your giant bear . . .
I think that Germaine is quite a nice name too.
What . . . for a bear?
No, silly . . . I mean for a middle name.
Wow, you will make her so happy if you do that. You do realise that she will be a very hands-on kind of grandmother.
I was counting on it because believe me, I will need all the help I can get. I mean Germaines the only grandmother our child will ever know so its important that she becomes a regular guest in our home, even though she doesnt like me very much.
Huh, she will love you now . . . simply because you have produced her one and only grandchild.
Well its nice to know that Im good for something, in her eyes anyway.
I was, taken onto the maternity ward along with my daughter (still has not quite sunk in that I am a real mummy now). Speaking of mothers and making their day, Adam took the opportunity to nip outside and ring Germaine. I will have to brace myself for she will be on her way here before he gets the chance to hang up the phone. But Im fine with that since I was already surrounded by some of the loving people in my life, as my dad came rushing towards me and saying darling, I was never prouder of you then I am right now. You did good, sweetheart. Even Jed looked amazed that I could deliver something so wonderful as baby Leah. Kim took charge of my child as far as the holding duties go  whilst Leah slept peacefully and my friend promptly got all broody  much to Adrians alarm. Charlie meanwhile kept trying to poke Leah in a bid to suss out if she was actually human or just another doll. Poor Valerie could not hold the baby due to the cast on her arm and then, Dale turned up with a couple of puffy black eyes and a bandage over his nose.
What the hell happened to you? I bet those people you have been hiding from finally caught up with you, did they not? I say whilst being handed back my infant because Charlie was getting a little bit jealous of Kim paying Leah all her attention instead of him.
I dont know what you mean.
I thought it was a tad suspicious too, the way you never want to get your picture taken, pipes up Kim and agreeing with me.
If you must know, Ive got nothing to hide. I did not like getting my picture taken because I hate my big nose and do not want any constant reminders of it in photographs. But now that Ive finally had a nose job to make it smaller, well, Ill be proudly showing it off once its healed.
Oh right, so it was nothing to do with being in the witness protection programme then, I said and feeling foolish for having an overactive imagination, but I never had him down for being vain about his features.
Jeddy-Teddy, pipes up Charlie and pointing at the giant version of his own favourite toy, which takes up a seat of its own and I guess we know what to call it at last even though Jed looks a bit miffed to have a stuffed animal named after him. It could have been worse, for Charlie could have called out silly bugger and that too would be appropriate for his godfather but not the bear.
Six weeks later, I was free from house arrest where both baby Leah and I have been, spoiled rotten by the people who matter. Even Germaine has been a godsend and I never would have thought that I would be saying that. Ive taken to motherhood quite well if I do say so myself and its given me a purpose which I mean to make the most of. Its so true what they say  a job is just a job, a career is just a longer job but nothing is more important than this  if you get it right that is, then youll be fulfilled like nothing on earth. You can leave this life for the next with a smile on your face knowing that you have done damn well just to be, loved for who you are instead of what you have achieved. I would never have known all this of course if it had not been, forced on me and I am just glad now that it was.
Today Im on my way (with the baby in toe) to Babington Court, not to go to work obviously since Im taking the full maternity leave but I want to show her off. First stop is the main office where I find Paige, Simon Shaw and Rowena all in a meeting thats just about got underway but all that soon gets forgotten when I present the very reason for my absent from around these parts. There was a lot of cooing and cuddling as I also heard the odd ah thrown in for good measure as Alison was, called to join us while she brought along Mrs Minnelli too. The woman was made-up to be, proven right with her prediction about the sex of the baby girl that I was carrying. I cannot believe that Mrs Minnellis still here, the woman must have taken up permanent residence by now and be getting a huge discount for her trouble of moving all her stuff over from her penthouse apartment in the centre of town. It is good for business I suppose because she knows many rich people and they will take her recommendation seriously, which means more clients for this place.
Congratulation to you too, Simon . . . I heard about the baby being named after the father, if you would have had a boy, says Mrs Minnelli and forcefully taking Leah from my arms to cuddle her.
What do you mean? Im not the father of this baby, said Simon Shaw in shock and turning to look at Paige in a bid to shake his head in denial.
Whats going on here, Amber . . . Simon? asks Paige and glancing from one face to the other  while seemingly quite calm for someone whose just been told that her boyfriend and her employee are not only having an affair  but that it has resulted in the birth of their child.
Hold on, I think things are getting mixed up here because I made-up the first name that popped into my head when asked about the baby daddy and that was only because I saw Paige. The father of my baby girl is my ex-boyfriend, whos now my current one and his name is Adam, I explain and taking back Leah in a huff at the emerging drama.
So theres nothing going on between you two then? asks Paige and retaking her seat behind the desk, in case there was more bad news on the way.
God, no, Simon and I both answer in unison and looking disgusted at the thought of us being an item just to prove a point.
Well thats cleared that up and I dont want to hear anymore on the subject. Alison . . . will you escort, Mrs Minnelli back to her massage treatment? Well finish this meeting later and you, young lady need a change of nappy, orders Paige and taking charge of Leah, only to perform the duty right on top of her desk.
I am very grateful for all the gifts and money that Leah has received so far. How cool would it be for her to have a megastar as a godmother, perhaps, I should ask a certain someone that I know? Speaking of people taking up permanent residence, well, I discover that Carrie Coyle is still living here in-between nipping off to the studio to record her album. I take the lift and head up using my electronic passkey; I enter her floor and knock on the door. It swings open and Brenda is standing there all smiles like the cat that not only got the cream but the cow too. All because Carrie is so pleased with her management skills that she taken her on, on a permanent contract. So, how does it feel to be a mummy? asks Brenda and taking, a peek at the little one in my arms with a tilt of her head.
You know what . . . its the best feeling ever and I couldnt be happier.
Yeah, I heard about you and Adam getting back together. So your familys all complete now, thats good.
I would not go that far . . . with the making me, whole shit. I suppose I could be if I knew where my own mother was and if she wanted to be a part of my daughters life. But we both know that that isnt happening anytime soon.
Well Ive always said that thats her loss, not yours.
What are you two talking about? Is it private or can anyone, join in? says the voice walking towards us. It is Ishmael in the corridor.
So, hows the album coming along? I ask, wanting all the gossip.
Oh thats going great. We have written some brilliant songs together, if you do not mind my modesty. We should have a wrap on it in a matter of days. But never mind that, is this your baby?
No, I just robbed it from the supermarket. Of course its mine, you fool, I reply and he does not hesitate to grasp hold of Leah for a closer inspection.
Ah, shes looks lovely all dressed in pink. I bet it hurt though getting her out, the size of her I mean . . . didnt it?
Err, just a bit like hell actually.
Huh, but do not forget. Nothing hurts like love. Im a songwriter so I should know these things, Ishmael kisses Leah on her forehead and hands her back to me before going through the door to the suite of Carrie Coyle, with Brenda and I following him.
Is that it? The baby girl you had, pass her over here and let me look at her, demands Carrie and popping on her glasses so she can see properly before wanting to cuddle the bundle of joy close to her chest with one arm.
There you go, mind her head, I say and hand Leah over to her.
Its uncanny to see the two of you in a room together, both without makeup I mean because you guys look so much alike. Has anyone ever told you this? asks Ishmael and looking from Carrie to me and then, back again.
We get that all the time. People say that were separated at birth, I reply.
Are you breastfeeding? Ive heard that thats best for baby, Carrie changes the subject back to my child and pulling out a solid silver teething ring and chain from a white ribbon covered box with her free hand.
Yes I am, only I didnt intend to as it looked like such hard work. It seems that nothing is too much trouble for my little girl so who would have thought that I would have felt like this. Its so not like the old selfish me.
Well she seems a very contented baby, so you must be doing something right, pipes up Brenda and getting all misty eyed at my success before going off to call up some room service, so that we can all toast the babys continuing good health with a hearty sip of Champagne.
I have a present for you, Carrie. It is a box of Turkish delight. Nobody I know eats it apart from you, here you go, I say and toss the box on the bed.
Thanks, I love the stuff and so does my mother. Ill share it with her if you dont mind.
God no . . . I am just grateful that someone will get to enjoy it. Err; there was one thing I wanted to ask you while I am here. Will you agree to be one of my childs godmothers? I enquire, having buttered her up with the sweet treats first as I bite my lip in anticipation of her answer since Ive really put her on the spot and what if it clashes with a tour date/TV appearance, or even an award show?
Yeah sure, Id love to do it . . . but Im not singing one of those awfully dreary hymns in the church unless I can mash it up a little with some soft rock vibes. Does the little one have a name or am I supposed to just call her baby for the rest of her life?
Her name is Leah, I announce and look at their faces for a good response to this news.
Leah means cow in Hebrew I think, or was it weary or both? says Brenda having returned to join us from using the house phone.
But Im not Jewish so that doesnt count, I retort.
Well in that case, I also think it means delicate or ruler, she corrects herself.
She is like a precious delicate flower thats blooming right before our very eyes, says Ishmael and it is bringing out the songwriter in him. I would seriously love to have him compose a little ditty for my daughter one day.
I like the ruler part since that sounds like shell grow into a strong woman, I said and eyeing my babys tiny fingers that are wrapped around the silver teething ring.
My mother is called Leah, says Carrie without looking up but cooing at the baby instead.
But my mums called Leah too and thats who I named my baby girl after.
What a coincidence, you could have met her for yourself. She was here only a few minutes before you lot arrived, says Carrie and still not getting the significance of what I am thinking. Are we talking about the same woman here? Are we to assume that her mother and my missing mum could be the same person? I look like Carrie; my dad swears that I look like my mother too so there has to be more to this than meets the eye and the liking of bloody Turkish delight. Surely its a sign and I have to find out which way its pointing  as I cant just let this drop until I discover the truth and to be honest  I stubbornly didnt think it mattered until that is, my own daughter was born.
Wheres your mother now? I ask and gripping the side of a chair in order to steady myself for the answer.
Well, shes gone down for a quick manicure before the helicopters picking her up and whisking her off for a prior engagement. But why do you want to know all this? asks Carrie and not putting two and two together like I am, only I do hope it doesnt turn out to make five and Im completely wrong about this.
Here, everything you need is in this baby bag. I have even expressed some milk into a bottle so I trust you lot to figure out how to change a nappy and feed her if needs be, all right. Ill be back as soon as I can, I said and running out of the door and hopping into the lift. I race through to reception and enquire about the helicopter for Mrs Coyle am I too late, has it left yet?
 It didnt arrive. It was cancelled due to bad weather.
Is Mrs Coyle still in the building then?
Yes I believe she is, because her car hasnt been called for but I dont know whereabouts she is? The receptionist could not give me any further information, specifically, to answer my question in finding out whether Mrs Coyle is my mother or not because that is such a private matter and I need to resolve it fast.
Alison, have you seen Mrs Coyle around here? I collar her in passing.
Yeah, someone said she was heading to the womens steam room. Where is baby Leah? They havent got you working already have they?
No . . . err Leahs upstairs with her new godmother to be and company. The steam room you say, right. Thanks, I replied and braced myself with a deep breath before heading off in that direction.
I wander along the panelled hallway with the paintings of fake ancestors on the walls since they were, brought just before this place opened to the public and had nothing to do with the previous owners. I arrive at my destination, my fate, my ending to my quest after all these years of wondering why she left me. If it is her, she might not even want to speak to me and I might not get the closure I so deserve after all this time. I know full well that it was hard but I weaned myself off the cigarettes whilst pregnant but Christ almighty  do I need one right now to calm my nerves  in that, Ive waited my whole life for this moment. I take a deep sigh instead and mutter well, here goes nothing. For I do have nothing to lose and everything to gain, as I open the door to the steam room and enter it with trembling hands that I soon steady by clasping them together almost in prayer.
Wrong choice of clothing to be wearing, seeing as my nipple pads immediately soak up all the available sogginess of the atmosphere and show through my top like a couple of perfectly round wet patches. I do not care, I am on a mission and I mean to see it through as I look at the near naked bodies wrapped in towels that are sprawled about the wooden benches like old sacks of meat wilting in the fierce heat. Which one is she? There are quite a few women in here and I do not really know what Leah Coyle looks like. I remembered my dad saying that I reminded him so much of my mum but then again  did Carrie not say that her mother had recently had plastic surgery  so maybe she does not look like Carrie and I at all anymore. My dad also informed me that she had a scar on her thumb from falling through a glass coffee table when she was a little girl. It was one of the, things they joked about. As in, if ever he had to identify her body and as long as she had her right digit still intact then that would be the way to go.
While I do not bother looking at the faces and concentrate on the hands instead, specifically, the right thumbs of these sweating women. Oh my God, is that her? Is she, the woman who gave birth to me? It must be her, but she has a towel around her head so I cannot tell what type of hair she has. I do not want to stare and freak her out but I cannot help it. She is lying down with her eyes closed so she cannot see me anyway and this woman does bear a scar on her right thumb even though her features are, taught from having had a facelift amongst other procedures. Somehow her face remains the same  although clearly older  it is still very much like mine (and Carries).
What shall I say to her? I have not even thought this far ahead. I open my mouth to speak but nothing comes out. I am, rendered speechless by being in her very presence. I was not in the least bit in awe of meeting Carrie Coyle (the big superstar) and behaving like some lunatic fan but with this woman, I feel all weird inside. I do not know what to do next, just as someone pours water on the hot coals and the steam rises into the air to surround me in a heavenly mist. Leah Coyle opens her eyes seeing as she was, startled by the loud hissing sound of the H2O hitting the burning bricks and is now looking directly at me. Carrie, what are you doing here and what are you wearing?
Im not Carrie. Im . . . I say and stop because this is not the way that I envisaged meeting her again after all this time. I turn around to run out of there as fast as my legs would carry me under the circumstances, since all I really wanted to do was collapse in shock.
The elevator seemed to take an age to get me up to the top floor and to Carries apartment. Whats going on? she asks me on opening the door.
I cant explain it right now. Ill be in touch, I need to go home, I reply and grab my child out of her arms to head back to the lift. I do not even go into the room and get the baby bag, because I want to be out of this building and far away from here as quickly as possible.



Chapter 38


Once home, I stayed in my car for ages and did not budge an inch. Leah is sound asleep in her baby seat and I soon want to join her for I feel exhausted by this revelation. Then a big truck goes by and wakes my angel so she gives out a cry that snaps me out of the trance that I was in when daydreaming. I jog inside and straight into my dads arms and almost swash poor baby Leah in the process. I am crying now as well and quite all emotional (probably the hormones making it worse than the situation actually is). I explain between sobs exactly what happened at Babington Court. He is as shocked as I was before he spoke but why didnt you speak to her when you had the chance?
I couldnt. I could not bear to be, rejected all over again. She made her choice. Carrie is her daughter and thats it.
How can you be so sure that she wouldnt have greeted you with open arms? asks my dad and taking the little one out of my hands.
If this Leah Coyle woman really wanted to speak to me then she certainly had the resources with which to do so being as rich as she is, but she didnt bother as far as I can see. So what does that tell you?
 It tells me that shes probably just as scared and stubborn as you are to make the first move.
Whos that? I ask as we heard a knock at the door before racing over to spy through the window. Parked outside behind my vehicle is a top of the range, Range Rover and it does not belong to anyone I know so I can only come to one conclusion. Its her vehicle.
Ill take the baby and feed her in the bedroom, while you see to our guest. You two need some time to talk alone, says my dad.
I open the front door and there she is, standing there dripping wet and freezing. She is wearing the fluffy white robe and slippers that all clients get to use at Babington Court, with her hair still wrapped in a towel. In a way, my mum has come home at last after all these years. I cannot tell you how I have dreamt of this moment  only now that it has arrived  it does not feel as joyous as I had expected it to be and I suddenly want to slam the door in her face. On the other hand, I also want to hear what she has to say so I plan to slam it on her backside when she leaves instead. Are you going to invite me in?
Why, are you like a vampire and cannot come in unless I say so? Come in before you catch your death of cold, I reply and wait until she is clear of it before I slam it shut even if it makes us both jump in the process. All of a sudden, here on my own territory I feel a change in my persona towards this woman. I am no longer scared of what she might say or do after all, I was not in the wrong here and she is.
You left this at Babington Court and I thought you might need it, says my mother and handing over the baby bag.
Yeah, thanks.
Shall we sit down or would you rather we stand?
Im sitting down, I dont know about you, I retort and take a seat.
You look so like Carrie when shes not plastered in all that gear she wears as part of her stage costume.
Yeah, everyone says so and I didnt twig until today because I thought that I was just one of those lookalikes and I even considered joining an agency that Brenda told me about.
It was Brenda who told me that you were still living with your dad and that he hadnt moved house, so I knew where to come.
Good old Brenda. She can always be relied on to have my best interests at heart, unlike some I could mention.
Err, she asked me to pass on a message to you. Something about the pond at Babington Court looks like the perfect place to rest and she said that youd know what she was on about.
Yes I do and its a private matter between us, I reply and realising that thats where Brenda wants her ashes put in the aquatic soil so she can truly be at one with the frogs some day.
Obviously, now that its all out in the open about me being your mother and Carrie your half-sister. Where do we go from here?
You could start by telling me who my father is? It would sure help to fill in the blanks, not only on my original birth certificate.
Im afraid I cant help you there. I do not know his name. All I recall was that he was a gorgeous, tall blond, blue eyed German waiter with big hands that I got drunk with at a rock concert and I never saw him again.
Well that sure narrows the field down if I ever want to find him.
Im sorry, I cant tell you more. Do you not think I have always regretted it? I was young and foolish. I wanted to live my life, not be bogged down with a child. Mr Coyle made me a proposal, only he did not want someone elses kid as part of the package so he gave me a choice. I could go and start an exciting jet set life with him and his millions or I could stay here with your dad and scrape by.
We all know what happened next so theres no need to tell me more about your wonderful existence without me.
I always thought that youd come and find me sooner than this. I felt like it was up to you to make the first move and accept me back, for I had long since given up the right to know you when I left. I am like any other mother who gives her child up for adoption but then regrets it when she feels the emptiness of her actions. And not a day goes by that she doesnt think about her baby and hopes that theyll forgive her and want to get in touch, eventually. She placed her hand on top of mine that was resting on my lap as we sat side by side on the couch. God I cannot explain what it felt like to finally, feel her skin on mine other than to say that it was a near religious experience. It is something I have dreamt about as a youngster as being as close to an angel as I am going to get. (Talk about exaggerating.)
You could call it fate if you like, but if it wasnt for me impersonating Carrie then we might never have met.
Wed have probably bumped into each other at Babington Court.
What, with those masks that we were all wearing. I do not think so. I still do not get how you could leave me . . . I could never leave my daughter, no matter what, I say and pull away to cross my arms in defence of my soul being bared.
All I can say is that I tried to forget about what Id left behind and throw myself into this wild adventure of a new life but there was a hole that I couldnt fill, until a couple of years later I accidently got pregnant with Carrie. And I knew in my heart that you would be fine with your dad, thats why I chose him.
So Carrie was my replacement then?
No, I wouldnt put it like that. Only it was a hell of a lot easier to have money for things like a nanny and private boarding schools, so Carrie didnt interfere with our luxurious lifestyle as much as having a child without that kind of money would do.
How selfish are you? Youre nothing but a gold-digger.
I know I am. That is one of the reasons, which made it easier to leave you behind; I knew you would not turn out like me. But kind and considerate of other peoples needs, in fact, just like your dad.
He is rather great in every way and I couldnt have done anything without him, so I owe him big time.
You mean I owe him big time for taking such good care of my little, Amber.
Im not so little anymore . . . Ive grown up and have a daughter of my own nowadays.
Where is she, can I see her?
You werent very interested in seeing me, so why would you want to see what Ive produced?
Because now that Im finally in full financial charge of my late husbands estate, meaning Babington Court and the rest of the luxury international hotel chain. Well I would very much like to know whom I can write a check to and of course, include in my will. Besides that is, Carrie and you . . . along with your little one.
Well I dont want your money. Ive done just fine without it this long and Im sure well continue to survive without it.
If you wont accept my help, then at least tell me what you had and what youve named the child.
I had a baby girl and her name is Leah, if you insist on knowing.
You must have wanted me to play a part in some way if youre to have a daily reminder of my name. It proves you never forgot me.
No I didnt and I almost ruined everything because of you, because of feeling not good enough for you.
Im so sorry that I made you feel like that but it was my shortcomings that were to blame, not yours. Can you forgive me?
Ill try . . . but Im not the only thing you didnt take with you.
What do you mean?
The monkey fur coat . . . I wore it to a party.  It got confiscated by the police so if you want it back; youll have to claim it from them, I confessed.
The only thing I want is a hug from you, if youll let me.
We awkwardly wrapped our arms around each other before we heard the baby cry and my dad came out of the bedroom carrying my child in his arms. He looked at my mum, she looked at him and it was as if they had never been apart from that moment on. As he handed baby Leah over to me saying, she wont settle down without her mum. Never a truer sentence was ever, said that sums up my whole life. I could not truly settle either without knowing what had happened to my mother. Now that I do, I do not really need her around anymore so she can carry on with her jet set lifestyle to her hearts content (be it with a new companion as I observe the two of them getting all familiar with each other all over again). I let it go, all the pain, all the anxiety and hate. I am loved for who I am and maybe it is about time that I start loving myself a little too because you know what, I am not so bad after all. Seriously  nothing seems like more of an achievement then if I can get my daughter to love me back the same way  for that is surely greater than any amount of money or success and worth a hell of a lot more in my book.


The End



Also by the author Maureen Reil
A Granny Is For Life, Not Just Christmas


How far would you go to secure the wedding of your dreams? Would you go to the extreme of hiring a homeless old woman from the local city streets to pretend to be the granny you never had, for the whole Christmas period? What if your only chance to pay for your nuptials meant you had to play host to a proper family Christmas. That meant you had to spin a web of secrets and lies without becoming, tangled up and feeling trapped. Whilst having the best intentions at heart for everyone to simply have a wonderful Christmas time.

Esme is getting extra visitors to stay over this Christmas whether she likes it or not so her cup is full, pity it is not with mulled wine to help her through it. This of course will lead to a farcical and fabulously fun Yuletide yarn as it turns into a chaotic Christmas. The comedic situations in this fast-paced Christmas romp were to become the most stressful thing Esme could have imagined for a festive fiasco. Could Esme lose her own home, her fianc and put the most precious person of all in peril as a result?

This is a British, feel good fiction novel of approximately 66,000 words to count your blessings with on this coming holiday season. Will poor old Esme get the happy ever after in the end, if she does manage by some miracle to pull off the perfect Christmas? Would Esme still think it a blessing if her wish were, granted? There is only one-way to find out, read the book!



Also by the author Maureen Reil
Lets Get Physical
(Lets Get Funny Fiction)


To: All Readers
Subject: Lets Get Physical

Hello all,
This is an email to tell you about Millie Reeds story. She is an identical twin sister to Megan Fitzpatrick and they have not spoken for years because Megan stole the love of Millies life and married Milo. Millie returns home for the funeral of their grandmother. Well things are said, things are agreed and things are changed forever when they decide to do a sister swap and take on each others lives for one month. Will Millie be able to become Megan and do, her proud? Will Millie acting as Megan, manage to mend the marriage to Milo? Will Millie overcome obstacles preventing her happiness, or have regrets in the end at being more like Megan than she bargained for? They do say never work with children or animals and always leave your ego at the door so this just proves that theory as sound advice. Pity nobody followed it.

Enjoy this British, humour filled short novel of approximately 69,000 words and discover how physical appearance mixed with physical attraction can lead to physical exhaustion from the comical complications of trying to be like someone you will never quite be like, no matter how much you want it.

Take care and speak again soon.



Also by the author Maureen Reil
Lets Get Ready To Rumble
(Lets Get Funny Fiction)


This is the comedic story of what happens when girl meets boy, boy meets boy and girl meets fox. As unrequited love, secrets, lies and the reality of working with a celebrity on her own show whilst wearing silly costumes all become a part of Ivys world.
Here are the top five pros and cons of Ivy's life.
PROS:
1. Ivy loves her job as a sign language interpreter.
2. Ivy loves her flatmate Zak.
3. Ivy loves her mother.
4. Ivy loves her old friend Taylor.
5. Ivy loves the idea of working on TV.

CONS:
1. Ivy loses her job as a sign language interpreter.
2. Ivy's flatmate Zak is gay and off limits.
3. Ivy's mother is Bi-Polar and a Cougar.
4. Ivy has only ever been a friend to Taylor.
5. Ivy does not have the confidence to work on TV.

Conclusion: Ivy is in need of a change. She needs to feel love and security, which would be far less complicated to achieve if everyone involved could just learn to tell the truth. So follow Ivy in this comedy romance on her fun filled journey to a better future, well, it cannot be any worse than the past.
This British short novel is approximately 65,000 words in total length.



Also by the author Maureen Reil
Lets Get Serious
(Lets Get Funny Fiction)


What should you do when your boyfriend wants to propose live on air? Should you a) confess up front that youre already married before the cameras are in your face and risk losing him, because you never meant to lie but you never mentioned it either. On the other hand, b) try to avoid being alone with him (ever again) so that he will not get the opportunity to ambush you with a surprise engagement ring. Or c) play along with it and accept his offer of marriage and that leaves option d) which stands for divorce, which is what you should have done ages ago seeing as its been five long years since youve actually seen your husband in the flesh. Speaking about the absent husband, just to complicate matters even further begs the question. Did they have to make a pact to hook up again five years down the line and get back together for good, if neither of them had found happiness with another person by then?

And this is the problem that Faye Allen faces on the programme where she works, while the TV presenter is busy trying to make her own mark on telly so that she can fulfil her ambitions and one day host her own show. Only a scandal like this could sink her career boat that was sailing along quite nicely, until this happened to scupper her dreams. As it is decided, that the best course of action to take in this situation is to head off to Gibraltar to get it all sorted and Faye has a close encounter with a monkey for all her troubles and it would not be for the first time. So read this funny fiction in order to find out how Faye handles having a fianc and a famous husband plus a demanding workload all at once, which ends up crossing the line right over into every single part of her life and completely wrecks havoc all-round as a result.

This is a British comedy romance, short novel that is approximately 50,000 words in length.



Also by the author Maureen Reil
Lets Get It Started
(Lets Get Funny Fiction)


What is a girl to do when she is suddenly jobless, loveless and homeless all in the spate of an afternoon? Well she goes on holiday, which is what she does. This is the sorry situation, which Emma Brook finds herself in so if anyone deserves a vacation then Emma thinks it should be her and the destination chosen is exactly what she needs to get over her ex and move on with her life. So with the help and guidance of a family member and a new friend, Emma is set to prove to Gabe and herself that she is not boringly normal like hed cruelly insisted she was and she can be adventurous and daring. But its all not as easy as it sounds when the only man Emma falls for has a secret of his own, which he was trying to keep from her ever finding out about. So a spot of revenge/rebound sex is out of the question then, or is it? It all comes to a head when Emma returns home to face her ex and claims to her friends that she had a holiday romance with a Greek God lookalike to show that she was indeed over Gabe. Low and behold, this mystery man actually turns up to complicate matters further. Will Emma regret her white lie, or will it be the best thing that ever happened to her?


This is a British Chick-Lit short novel of approximately 50,000 words.



Also by the author Maureen Reil
Lets Get Together
(Lets Get Funny Fiction)


Jodi Spears is fast approaching her thirtieth birthday, but it is not a date that she is looking forward to anymore. Since her world was turned upside down and rocked to its very core when her husband decided to jump off a cliff instead of staying with her to deal with the crippling debts that he had gotten himself into, that were unbeknownst to her at the time. She lost everything as a result, when the business went bankrupt and this included her home so she now lives in her car in-between house-sitting jobs and uses her wages to pay what she can off the money still owed.

The latest abode where her boss at the agency sends her to, is on a cliff top which unfortunately for Jodi is very similar to the one which had claimed the life of her late husband. As her drinking increases, so does her growing attraction for a hunky guy that she met called Reece and at last things are starting to look up as Jodi sees a light at the end of the dark tunnel she has been trapped in for nine, long hard months. However, it is never going to be that easy for Jodi seeing as she suddenly gets a blast from the past walking right back into her life and nothing will ever be the same again.


This is a British comedy romance, short novel of approximately 50,000 words.



Also by the author Maureen Reil
Lets Get Married
(Lets Get Funny Fiction)


Jasmine receives a message unexpectedly from an old university friend who she had made a marriage pact with in the past. Seriously, who in their right mind would have thought that he would want to marry her if Jasmine, was not married by thirty? Surely, this is a joke because nobody does that kind of thing for real, right. With Jasmine being the nice person that she is, she decides to let him down gently by pretending that she is already married to someone else so there is no need for him to visit. Only he is coming to town on business anyway and would like to meet her new husband.

There is one problem with this course of action. Jasmine doesn't have a hubby knocking about the place, when she comes up with a crazy plan to get herself a groom and fake a whole white wedding just to prove that she has indeed found her happily ever after. So with plenty of laughs along the way and even when, it involves a horse head rubber mask being worn, it was all going so well. Until . . . it did not.


This is a British romantic comedy, short novel of approximately 50,000 words.



Thank you for choosing this book. If you enjoyed it then there are other entertaining titles available from Maureen Reil, which do not appear in description here. So please check them out at your favourite online eBook distributer and happy reading.
