
Come, Time





Richard Jenkins



Weston Books

Published by Weston Books at Smashwords
Copyright  Richard Jenkins, 2011
All rights reserved.

The right of Richard Jenkins to be identified as the author of this work has been asserted by him in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

ISBN: 978-0-9570560-0-8

Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25


CHAPTER ONE

Why does God need people? What use are we to Him? In His possession is absolute knowledge, so what can God learn from people? Why create people? Whats the point of doing anything when you know it all already? He knows the beginning and the end of each and everyone of us but still we keep coming, faster and faster, spamming His world with nothing he doesnt already know, with nothing He hasnt already seen. We enter His world. We face two exits. We are tested, judged. We dare to live and fear to die. We can pass into heaven or fail into hell. But God, you have created me and you knew I would ultimately fail. You knew I would suffer in hell. Was I necessary, was I needed? Did you need me, God? Or am I weight, just ballast? A spec of junkie dust? What do you gain watching me suffer, here or forever in Hell? 
Does this, us, make Him happy or sad? Can we move God to tears, can we make him smile? If we fail to educate Him, is our purpose to entertain? Is life an audition for God? Well if so, look away, God, look away from me. I seek no recognition. I need no fame.
God, in my mind, is insane. Imagine knowing everything; imagine needing to do nothing and having eternity to do it in. Imagine having no hunger, no need or urge to know. Nothing would ever surprise you. Nothing would ever challenge you. You would exist in a singular state. Nothing would ever change, not even time. Nothing would really exist.
Why bother with people? Does He consume our souls? Do they somehow have a value? Is God addicted to beauty, to perfection? In finding it in something other than himself? 
All this drama, it all seems a bit much to me, but me, I am a simple man. My use to God, I dig graves. I earn money from death. You can always earn a few quid digging a home for the dead. In the country anyway, where man can still have an edge over machine. I enjoy it. Its one of my most favorite jobs, even in a winter freeze when the earth becomes one, a solid, zipped-up mass. Im good at it too. Not a boast youll often hear, but digging a grave satisfies well. Nothing morbid, youll understand. To me, its thirty quid cash-in-hand and a full body workout. Hard, manual labour can get me high.
Anyway, job done. Grave dug. The final resting place of Tony Spence, a man who died from a heart attack aged just fifty two. A local man Id acknowledge with a smile, or a nod of the head. Whose death has inspired great pity and sadness, and created the catch phrase,
Just fifty two. So young, too young to die. 
But then tell that to the billions who came before him. To all but a few the life of Tony Spence would seem divine. He was never short of food; he was never out of work. Not once did he fear for his life. Not once was he told to kill. His house was solid and rightfully his own. He travelled to foreign lands as a free man for pleasures as simple as lying in the sun. All his children lived. At forty five, when a mole on his shoulder became cancerous, a medicine man cured him not with magic but with science. Of course, as modern wisdom tells us, his habits of cigarette smoking and bakery frequenting were hardly his wisest choices, but still, historically speaking, Tony lived a long and successful life. In the history of humankind, Tony Spence was a winner. 
My time is up, my thirty minutes has gone. Im lying in the grave looking up at a near cloudless sky. My usual practice once the grave is dug. I enter the earth to rest and think. To let my thoughts drift with the clouds. Not that they ever do. They always seem stuck on a topic that rarely seems to be of my choosing.
Whilst lying in the grave I sometimes hear people in the graveyard, feet on gravel, rarely the spoken word, but only once, and then a child, has someone looked down into the freshly dug grave to witness me calm and resting. The child, a boy of about eight, on seeing me calmly asked,
What are you doing down there? I should have replied,
Keeping it warm but instead offered only a smile and non-committal shrug.
I live off the land. I hunt, forage, grow and poach. When you live by the coast you can always find food. I eat well, better than most. Fresh fish and seafood, all caught by myself. Fresh game, poached of course, my me. I even rustle the occasional sheep. The farmers crop I treat as my own. I live isolated, perched on a cliff top, in a four birth caravan on an acre of land. The land I bought for a single weeks labour. Cheap, I hear you think, but listen, hear the sea work the cliff, hear it smash and grab the earth and rock. In three years my land will be gone, erased and fully consumed, a tenant of the sea once more.
The area where I live has never been a tourist haven. The coastline is too wild, the beaches too pebbled. Only walkers seem to visit. Today, however we have marked the map and the map has called us treasure.
It is a brisk, autumn afternoon. Thick, sunken cloud is docking in the sky above. Embraced by a beautiful wind I walk along a ragged stretch of coastline on my way to gather mussels. This should be a solitary affair but today I am joined by people, crazed, manic people. Some are local, most are not. Whole families are out to snatch the bounty.
I dont know the details but we have made the news, captured the publics imagination. A cargo ship, which failed to hug a storm, has spilled forty or so containers. The contents of which, from toys to housewares, unable to resist the desire of the people, have been pulled towards this beach and now the people embrace the bounty as if a suddenly found long lost relative, a rich one at that.
Two women, mother and daughter would be my guess, bred in the fashion of Chinese Whispers, both wearing near identical sportswear and both carrying that fat gene, the one activated after eating copious amounts of cake, furiously drag a reluctant, bounty laden shopping trolley up along the beach. I know that modern woman, and man, likes to have things but thirty sets of cutlery? Thank God no one invites me to weddings. The beach becomes steep, the pebbles sharp and slippery. The trolley becomes stuck and the womens fury thickens. The trolley is now the latest scum that clogs their passage through life, which conspires to deny them all that is rightfully theirs. They stop unable to progress. One pulls out a mobile phone and makes a call. Somewhere a skinny man with emotional problems splutters into action. Seagulls glide on the wind looking down, picking up tips.
I scramble up a grassy embankment onto a narrow footpath. Instantly my scent is snatched by a TV News film crew, one of six out hustling for the action. Without hesitation the Anchorwoman charges towards me, her microphone thrust forward and aimed directly at my face. A crew of two dutifully follows. Her smile glitters through the grey of the day. As she rapidly nears I hear her purr.
Are you local? Can I ask you some questions? We are the news!
They are the news. I thought we were the news. I have no intention of stopping. I lower my head and stare at the ground, enough body language to inform them all of my intent. The purr begins to growl.
Were national! You could be on national television!
Collectively they block the path. I continue to walk. The anchorwoman stops, I do not. Her reactions are good. She just manages to twist her body beyond my course. The cameraman fails to react so gets lightly shouldered aside as does the soundman.
Oh for fucks sake. I hear her snap, with bemused contempt.
I turn to look at the news. The anchorwoman stares at me with a look of absolute contempt. A look Ive seen before.
Bashful, are we? Grow some fuckin balls!
Heard that said too, only said with more aggression.
What is it with balls? Everyone wants balls, especially people in suits. Get balls, go ruthless. Fine by me but why draw the line? What if now I pulled out a knife and took it to her throat? What if I answered her with a cold, ruthless action? Would she congratulate me for having king-sized, made of steel balls?
My father, who was a violent man, loved to recall how he and an army friend once beat the living daylights out of four punk rockers. The irony of course, which wasnt lost on him, was that the punks, the anarchists, actually called the police and demanded that they arrest my father and his friend. As my father would say, they got taught a proper life lesson and for free.
I wouldnt volunteer to live in a society without laws, but if it happened, then I believe I would prosper, certainly I would survive. Would the suits? 
I leave the knife in my pocket and politely flash them a smile.
I gather the mussels quickly. The tide is starting to turn and will soon rapidly rise. The mussels grow on a series of decayed wooden jetties that have long stopped having any other use. In the distance, to my left, I can see the scavengers, all high on their own good fortune, and all blissfully unaware of how quickly the tide will turn. To my right, set back against a foaming sky, a Land Rover ambles slowly away. It is the same Land Rover that I have already encountered four times in the last two days. Now, Im not classifying this as suspicious, but five times, in my isolated world, and each time in a separate location? Whoever sits in that Land Rover may not be watching me, but me, now, I am watching them.
CHAPTER TWO

My day had nearly finished. The time is 9.38pm. I am at home in my caravan, well fed and warm. I am standing at a window, peering through the curtain, watching a car as it pulls up outside. I am expecting no visitors, I never do. The car engine is switched off, the headlights follow. The shape of a Land Rover silhouetted against a moon-lit sky is revealed. I step away from the window, stand still and wait.
Two cars doors open then gently close. I hear no voices. Footsteps approach. A short, sharp, not too loud knock on the door. I wait, let them knock again. Seven seconds later they do. The knock is exactly the same, no increased force considered necessary. I open the door, and in the murk of the night, see two men and a police wallet-badge raised for me to read.
Mr. Dean, were Police. We need to speak to you. Dont worry; were aware of your disability.
I have a disability? I assume they mean that I am mute. They both seem serious and, unless armed, physically not a threat. Both are touching forty and dressed as company men in smart, office clothing. Both are lean, fit and seemingly healthy. The badge I ignore, it tells me nothing. I mean how can I tell if its real? I gesture for them to enter, which they calmly do. 
My name is Phillip and this is my colleague, Andrew.
First name terms already. No constable or detective. He continues.
Were from Special Branch.
I stare at them passively, remaining outwardly calm. Inside a swirl of confusion, is this serious or ridiculous? When spoken it sounds both. They stare back at me, solid and without reaction. Should I believe them? I could ask them to prove it but what good would that do? They couldnt. All I can do is let them speak; let them say what theyve come to say.
We crowd around a small dining table. We are bunched tightly together but neither of them seems uncomfortable. There is a fresh pot of coffee sitting on the stove; its smell is loud and delicious. I offer them nothing, but neither seems to care. Andrew pulls out a notepad and pen from his coat pocket then slides them towards me. Phillip places the black leather folder he has been holding down on the table then quickly gets down to business.
Mr. Dean, firstly let me make it clear, you are not in any trouble. We are not investigating you or anyone you personally know. Our visit is for one reason and one reason only and that is to ask for your help.
He opens up the folder. I see a photo of a house that looks familiar. He slides the photo towards me and continues to explain.
This property, its familiar to you.
It is, so I nod my head.
Its isolated but you pass it on a regular basis, when youre out poaching or foraging for food.
Again, the truth, so I nod. 
Recently the property has been bought by this woman.
From the folder I am handed a second photo. It is of a woman standing outside the house. She is about sixty years of age, a pensioner hippy-chick dressed in colourful woolens, the sort you can buy at craft fairs. Somehow I think she looks wise, with skin regularly refreshed by the great outdoors. She is smiling even though she seems to be alone. Phillip continues.
Now, what we can tell you about this woman, and we can tell you this with absolute certainly, is that this woman, is involved with the animal liberation movement.
Without pause the double act begins. Andrew breaks his silence.
Shes a key player.
A figurehead. Adds Phillip.
Not as physically active as she once was, but as an organizer and as an inspirer, she is still very much an important figure.
Silence. They both look at me for a reaction but I give them nothing. Andrew continues, somewhat impatiently.
Her views are extreme. Do we need to explain them to you?
I shake my head. He continues.
Do you sympathise with her views? Do you have any sympathy at all for what she believes in?
Phillip rolls in seamlessly.
If you do, you must tell us, you must tell us now? 
I shake my head.
Youre saying no?
I nod.
Good. As we were led to believe.
They pause, watching me, making sure. Convinced, Andrew continues, his impatience settled.
We want you to watch the house. We need you to tell us when either of these two men visit, which they will.
Andrew fans out eight photographs on the table, all are ten by eight inches in size. They show candid surveillance shots of two average looking men, both aged around thirty. In none of the photos are the two men seen together.
These are dangerous men. So you say.
Not one-on-one. Adds, Phillip.
Theyre terrorists. Cowards. They harm from a far. The sort of men its easy to hate.
Pull me in. Let us hate together. Phillip continues.
We cant talk specifics but we need to know when they visit her.
This doesnt mean youll have to set up a surveillance unit on a twenty four seven basis. Were simply asking you to be aware, to be vigilant. To pass the property in the morning and at night. To follow your usual routine, nothing more.
To react to any intelligence that we feed you.
When they show up, which they will, for a period of two to three days, all you need to do is make contact with us.
Make a note of any car number plates and any other details you think important. If anyone else visits then do the same.
Simple, but important.
There is a pause. Being a mute, pauses dont unsettle me like they do other people. I can quite happily stare someone silently in the eye without a care in the world. Andrew sees this and breaks the silence.
Why you? Why are we asking you? Well theres the obvious reason, youre local, you know the area and it wouldnt be unusual for you to be seen in the area, or to be seen carrying binoculars or wearing camouflage.
Of course, we know other locals who fit the bill, but none of them are quite like you, are they, Mr. Dean?
I offer no response. Unfazed he continues.
Its also a question of resources. We have none.
He smiles. He wants me to share his truthful joke. Were all mates now. I return no smile. Phillip brings the matter back to business.
Or rather, what we do have quickly runs out. The service is under a lot of pressure. Im sure you can understand that, that animal liberation is not exactly our priority.
To be perfectly honest, youre the easiest option.
So, can we count on you?
I write on the notepad, I dont work for nothing. Seeing my words Andrew is quick to reply.
A payment, of course, if reasonable.
I add to the note A thousands pounds, cash. Again his reply is instant.
Done. So we have a deal, Mr. Dean?
I nod. Job done. They both look ever so slightly relieved and pleased with themselves. Phillip glances at Andrew then speaks.
Well, that was all very, civilised.
They share a smile then focus on me. Andrew speaks.
Do you have mobile phone?
I shake my head.
I assume you know how to use one?
I nod. From his inside jacket pocket he pulls out a Mobile Phone and Charger both of which he places on the table.
For you. Standard, simple to use. In the Contacts is one number, our number. If you need to contact us, use it, text us. Oh, and business only. Over step the mark with personal calls and youll have the most feared men in the service after you, the accountants.
They both laugh. I force a slight smile.
Thats not a joke. They will check the bill. Anyway, to reiterate, if either of these two men visit, and they will in the next month or so, then we need to know A.S.A.P. That is your prime objective. If they arrive in a vehicle then take the details. Same for anyone else who visits. Thats all we require of you. You need do nothing else. Is that clear?
I nod. He continues.
These people assume they are under surveillance. Its not in your interest, or ours, for you to take any unnecessary risks. Neither is it in your interest, or ours, for you to tell anyone what we have asked you to do, or in fact to tell anyone anything we have said here tonight. Is that understood?
I write, It is. Now, what about the cash?
After fetching the money from the Land Rover they leave.
I sit at the dining table and study my bounty: a thousand pounds in twenty pound notes, a mobile phone and charger, a notepad and pen and eight photos of two men wanted by Special Branch. Not a bad haul, but then life never deals straightforward, unambiguous positives and tonight is no exception. 
One of the photos concerns me. It shows one of the men, his back to the camera, his head turned to look behind. He is wearing a t-shirt tucked into a pair of jeans. The jeans are Levis 501 Red Tab. The waistband Red Tab label is clearly visible, as is the red Levi material tag which is stitched to the left side of the right back pocket. My concern is simple; the Red Tab label is made from suede. Now wouldnt a man involved in the animal liberation movement, involved to terrorist level, be a vegan? Wouldnt he be savvy enough to know a label on his jeans was an animal product and so point blank against all that he stands for? To my mind, definitely. So why is he wearing the jeans? Maybe hes undercover, posing as someone who couldnt give a shit, but that would be stupid. A man who assumes he is being watched by the government undercover for his cause? Maybe hes a double agent. Maybe this man was himself an agent of Special Branch and the photo shows him in Civvy Street. Maybe this man has nothing to do with the animal liberation movement and is instead wanted for something completely different.
I have been in the employ of Special Branch for less than fifteen minutes and already I am becoming paranoid.
My day had nearly finished. All was calm and settled. My only pressing decision was one whisky or three. I could have said no and would have, if all had seemed well and genuine but it didnt, so I said yes. I couldnt resist. I will not walk away from a lie. 
Could someone be trying to mess with me, playing a practical joke? But then who would play it? No one I know, after all I know so few, and those I do, would have more sense.
Maybe I am over reacting. Maybe there is a true and valid reason why hes wearing the jeans. After all, even people with serious, passionate causes can be stupid. The majority of people Ive met who have held deep, unmovable beliefs have seemed pretty thick to me. If the human race has one true genius it is the ability to adapt, to think freely and to understand, at some level at least, that there is no one, singular, absolute truth. Many a stupid man has been empowered by an ideology. It saves them from having to think for themselves and provides easy, ready made quotes and answers. It wraps them up all snug and warm in the collective acceptance of others.
Of course, this man may be a psychopath, and animal liberation an easy route to violence, murder and pain. I mean, how many psychopaths have used a political cause to satisfy their psycho desires? Two percent of the population is thought to be psychopathic. Now violence is always in the hands of the minority, but what minority, two percent? Take the IRA or Al-Qaeda. What percentage of catholic men in Northern Ireland joined the IRA to kill and maim?
Animal liberation, my honest opinion, depends on my mood, depends on the image. See a monkey chained, his eyes silently screaming why, then gladly Ill sign the petition, but such an image will quickly fade as I get back to my own survival.
The most interesting animal experiment I know of is this: two mice kept in large, separate cages. Both cages were full of twisting tunnels, and natural vegetation. One mouse was given all the food he could eat, and guess what, he got fat and lazy. When he wasnt sleeping he was sitting perfectly still, waiting for the time he could feast again. The other mouse was given hardly any food, certainly not enough to survive, and guess what, he stayed sharp and active, lean and healthy. He spent his day scurrying around the cage investigating, looking for food. He was happier, healthier and lived longer.
So if you can stay hungry whilst all around are feasting.
I could contact them, text them on the phone and demand an explanation, but why should I? Im sure they could come up with a plausible explanation. What good would it do me? The only thing to do is to play along, to act out what I have agreed to do.
CHAPTER THREE

The cottage may well stand isolated and alone, but as a place to hide from prying eyes, it is useless. It is perfectly exposed, no trees, hedges or fence attempt to obscure it from view. The landscape which surrounds it is hilly pasture and woodland. As a defensive position it is futile. I can take my pick of places to hide and never be seen.
I have no doubt that it was recently sold. I clearly remember seeing the For Sale and Sold signs. It cant have been cheap, either. My guess, three hundred grand at least, and thats now, 2010, in recession. Four bedrooms, full of character, in good repair and with half an acre of land. One old lady living alone, but surviving on more than a state pension. The half acre of land is unkempt and without any specific purpose, no flowers, no vegetables or well kept lawn, exactly how the previous owner left it. Parked outside the cottage is a 2006 Nissan Micra. For now I will assume this car is the womans.
It is 6.30am and not yet fully light. I am well hidden in a patch of woodland and have my binoculars trained on the front of the cottage. Through the kitchen window I watch the woman. She is wearing a blue dressing gown and standing perfectly still, as if listening to something intently. On a kitchen table I can see a radio. Suddenly she becomes animated, her body language dismissive. A wave of contempt pulses across her face and she seems to mouth the words Oh fuck off. Shaking her head she turns and quickly paces away.
Through a second downstairs window I see her enter a room. She quickly moves to a desk, sits and begins to work on a laptop computer. I cannot see the screen. 
She continues working, typing furiously away for an hour and twenty minutes. During this time I scan what I can and, although my view is limited, I see no signs of protest. Nothing makes me suspicious. Im sure this woman has passions and maybe even causes but am I really watching the hub of animal liberation? Maybe I am, but to be sure, I need to get closer.
For the rest of the day I shop. They paid me a grand and however I, the woman and Special Branch play out, Im keeping it.
I stock up on food, on basic supplies. I then treat myself. I buy a new coat, not one to appease the latest fashion but one to take on the elements, likewise a pair of boots. I then go to the butchers and buy a rib of beef, a family joint for six. An expensive cut of meat, but one I will consume in a single, joyful sitting. The rest of the money will be hidden, stashed away for a moment unknown.
It is 4.05pm and I am hurrying down a county lane on my way to watch the cottage. Night is quickly approaching and will soon smother what remains of the day. In the distance I can hear a car lumbering towards me.
The lane is narrow and twisting and edged with tall hedges that act as blinkers. Hearing the car reach the corner ahead I step off the road and onto a narrow grass verge where I stand waiting for the car to pass. An act of self-preservation. The sound of a car slowly approaching is no guarantee of one competently driven. Cautiously, the car appears from around the corner. It is the Nissan Micra that was parked outside the cottage. Inside I see the woman, driving. Seeing me she brakes and slows to a pace that may be polite but is also unnecessary slow. As the car rolls towards me she looks at me and smiles. I reply with a nod and a smile that feels somewhat awkward. Her stare and smile continue. Time it seems is sticking. Finally the car reaches me, as it passes she manages to keep her smile fixed on me for a few seconds more by turning to look out of the car side window. Her smile widens and her eyes seem to say There, we made it. As she accelerates away she toots her horn twice.
We have made first contact, we have looked each other in the eye, and without saying a word, I told her a lie. In my world she is significant, a fact that is known to me. In her world I am significant, a fact that is unknown to her. How many such shadows follow us around? 
Now, unless she is on her way to visit someone who lives close-by, and there arent many who live close-by, the nearest, rational location for her to visit, a local village shop, is twenty minutes away minimum. This gives me forty minutes to move in closer. Forty minutes to put the lie to rest.
Five minutes later I reach the cottage. Scanning the view nothing alerts me to company. Darkness is twenty minutes away. I could play it safe and wait, or I could make my move now. Given the odds that hidden eyes are watching me my decision is easy. I approach the cottage. The hall light is on. I walk directly to the front door and knock loudly. Silence. I knock again. Silence. I quickly try the door, it is locked. I turn to face behind and take several paces away before turning back and hurrying towards the rear of the cottage. Here I see two doors. I try the first. On pushing it the give is considerable. All that holds it firm is an inside bolt fixed to the top of the door. I concentrate my force over the bolt and the door opens. 
I step inside and close the door. Inspecting the bolt for damage, I see none. The catch on the door frame is loose but no wood has splintered away. I turn a few screws and conceal my entry.
The house smells of baking. I am standing in the kitchen and the welcoming smell of fresh pastry hangs sweetly in the air. I take several deep breathes and my pounding heart begins to ease. My Nan, who for a time brought me up, could always soothe my moods with an afternoon of her magic baking. 
The light is low but I have no trouble locating the fridge. I move to it and open the door, inside: bacon, cheese, eggs and milk, an organic salmon fillet, salami and a pork chop. We all have guilty pleasures but can this really be the fridge of an animal liberation extremist? To my mind no, it can not.
I decide to leave. I know I could stay and dig deeper. Rummage through her belongings and look for clues, but what right do I have? I have trespassed long enough. This woman has only ever smiled at me. She wasnt the one who told me a lie.
Passing a kitchen table I find a laptop. The screen is on, so I cant resist a look. It shows a web page, address https://boxxx5481422.com/oakley. A casual scan of the text heavy page suggests an academic report on the subject of growing algae. Is she an academic? She has the look. Next to the laptop is an empty bottle of wine. Has she gone for supplies?
I exit through the second back door and head back to the caravan, for whiskey, beef and thought.
I am alone in the caravan, sitting in silence for tonight the elements are still. The beef was delicious and the whiskey a warm embrace. I feel almost contented; however I dont like loose ends. I dont like it when people complicate things. My life is simple; its what I have chosen. Some people get off on drama and constant complications, I however do not. I like routine. Change is fine when its paced with the seasons but ultimately, in routine I can trust myself, in routine I can know myself.
I have decided to do nothing, to pull myself from the loop, to continue as I was before the visit. They asked me to watch an animal extremist, but this was a lie, so now the contract has been broken and the deal is off. For all I care, Phillip and Andrew can come and go along with the truth of the situation. I care for neither. It would be easy to sit here a slave to imagination, a slave to the question, why, but I desire not the truth. I desire my own peace of mind. If, in time, I am confronted by the truth then fine, I am more than willing to defend myself, but for now, for me, the adventure has finished.
So quiet is the sea I step outside to check it still exists. It does, as does the wind. I will sleep outside tonight, and tomorrow I will continue as I normally would.
CHAPTER FOUR

It has been said numerous times that a criminal will often return to the scene of their crime. This is something I have always thought stupid; however the next day I cannot resist walking past the cottage. Admittedly, I am on my way to do other business but still I stop and stare. The Nissan Micra is once again parked outside but I see no sign of the woman. The hall light I notice remains on, no curtains are drawn and all other house lights are off.
I quickly move on. The best time to shoot rabbits is early morning and today, this is my goal.
Early evening and again I pass the cottage. The car is parked exactly where it was this morning, the hall light continues to shine, no curtains are drawn and no other house lights are on. All remains the same.
The following day I fight the urge to go to the cottage. By nightfall I am standing in woodland looking down on a scene that refuses to change. The car, the hall light, the curtains are all as before, and all other house lights remain off. 
All is probably fair and rational. I have suspicions but only ones that concern a pensioner living alone. A trip or a fall in a house that cannot hear you scream. I could find her in need, but if I did, how would I justify my presence? Through lies or confession? I cannot find her by accident. She could simply be out, she probably is. Im speculating, procrastinating. I cut myself off and decide to move.
I hurry to the cottage, straight to the front door and knock loudly. No answer. I knock again. No answer. I head straight to the first back door, apply the correct force in the correct location and push the door open.
I step inside, stand perfectly still and strain to hear any sound. Silence. No sound of human occupation. The smell of baking has gone, replaced with the smell of rotting household waste, both vegetable and flesh. I stand in darkness. The only artificial light is that from the hall, which spills through the gaps of an ill fitting door. I move to this door and open it. My eyes take the first wave of light with a beat of pain and a heavy blink. Quickly, however I see, and what is it I see? I see her, the woman, in the hall, slumped on the floor, her head and face bludgeoned. I freeze, speechless of course, but also thoughtless. For a time, I do not know how long, I stick to this moment, this snap of time, and then, I wake. I do not panic, I do not fear, I feel no revulsion, disgust or even anger. All I feel is sadness, sadness for this woman. I kneel beside her and hold her hand, and of course it is cold and stiff, but still it feels human. My gaze turns in on itself, and I see her face from memory, her smiling, pleasant face. But then, suddenly I wake once more. I drop her hand as my thoughts start shouting, what are the consequences, the consequences for me?
Now sickness turns in my gut. Now my stare is drawn to her face. Now I see the horror of what truly is before me. I see the present and flashes of the past, this woman hit once then battered beyond death. Murdered for business and pleasure. I see the horror in her stare as she takes the blows. I see her staring at me, directly at me, but I wasnt there! She and others are staring at me, but I wasnt there! I am not the witness to her last, final scream!
Instinct propels me to leave, but I resist and force myself to stay. I cannot runaway. Something cold and ruthless has caused this, and now, if I am to face it, I too must find a chill in my soul. I stand trying to think clearly, trying to resist the call of flight. Im in her house, Ive broken in, my fingerprints wait to snare me. Using the sleeve of my coat, I vigorously wipe the interior door handle, then the fridge door, then all other areas corrupted by my touch. My coat, my new coat, bought with their money. Good. For tomorrow I will burn it, along with everything else I am wearing.
Will my fingerprints be on her hand? I refuse the risk and wipe it anyway. Her fingers are long and slender, her nails without varnish. I look for rings, there are none. No watch or bracelets. I look at her crushed and broken face then down at her neck where I see no necklace. Her blood-matted hair covers her ears. I hesitate for a second then brush the hair away. Her left ear is pierced but holds no earring.
I stand and see my muddy footprints covering the tiled hall floor. I need a mop. I find the kitchen light switch and with my sleeve covered hand turn it on. Instantly my reflection in the kitchen window pounces. I feel watched, observed in the distance. I rush to the window and kill my reflection with the pull of a blind.
Muddied footprints cover the kitchen floor. I kick off my boots and then cover my hand with a tea towel. I look for a mob and quickly find one, bucket and all. Frantically, I begin to clean the floor. Evidence washes away but do I save more than myself?
Job done. I return the mop and stuff the tea towel in my coat pocket. I pause and catch my breath.
Why murder? I quickly move through the house lightly looking for clues. Nothing is disturbed. No draws pulled out, no looting. If robbery was the motive then the robber came with knowledge.
The urge to flight floods through my veins. I have to leave. Never have I felt so wrong. I pause and think. Do I leave here for good? Do I take with me all traces of my visits? I think about burning the house down, a thought I barely resist, but instead I pick up my boots and move to make my exit.
Outside in the darkness I struggle to put my boots on. Standing on one leg is impossible. All balance is void, my equilibrium is smashed.
Back at the caravan, in an oil barrel blaze all that I was wearing is destroyed. 
Freshly washed, scrubbed hard, I sit naked and alone. Rarely do I feel alone, but tonight, I recognize that this is what I am, completely alone. I console myself by reminding myself that at least I am alive. I live. All that I want, which isnt much, is still within my grasp. I am more than willing to fight for it, and now, whatever comes my way.
I could call the police and submit my truth. I was watching the woman yes, a request from two men claiming to be from Special Branch. They said it concerned animal liberation but this I know was a lie. Do I sound convincing? No. Do I sound like a nut? Yes. And maybe thats the point, to sound like the local nut, the weirdo amongst us. He who never speaks, who lives alone, removed from normality. The hunter, the poacher. Paranoid. Dressed in camouflage, waiting for the world to end. Put me under the microscope and theyve got their disease.
I was lied to. They came to my caravan and lied to me. They involved me in this, but what is this? Murder, obviously, but who am I? What is my role? They lied to me! To what extent I do not know. My first move now? Strike for clarity. Do I text them murder? No. I text them what they wanted to know.
CHAPTER FIVE

The next morning, and dawn has barely woken. I am once again hidden in woodland looking down on a scene that refuses to change. Holding the mobile phone I input the message,
 The two men have landed, both seen together. At the cottage now! 
I select the number stored on the phone then send the message away.
Now, I wait. For what, I dont know. For helicopters to swoop in? For time to pass into nothing? 
The phone beeps. I look at the screen and see the message, Message not sent. Message sending failed.
I try again. The same message is returned. I check the signal power, which is fine. I call the number and hear a voice tell me,
The number you have called is not recognized.
Two lies down and increasingly, I am the fool. Maybe the mobile is faulty. I hurry away, desperate for the nearest phone box.
Inside the local shop. I have to buy a newspaper, to break a twenty for change. Familiar faces greet me with a smile. Am I different, tainted? Will they see odd behavior when asked to remember?
Sheltered inside the Phone Box. Lonely, redundant seem Phone Boxes today. I dial the number. An automated voice tells me,
The number you have dialed has not been recognized.
Again. One more time.
The number you have dialed has not been recognized.
I hurry back to my caravan. Avoiding the roads I go across country. I now expect the worst. I expect the police to find both the body and a trail, a trail which leads dishonestly to me.
I try and stay calm. I can feel anger, almost a panic, a scream to release. I must focus on the now, anchor myself to the present. I must keep control, consider what I know.
Two men call on me. They tell me theyre from Special Branch. Ask me to watch a woman, to look out for two men who will visit her. They claim the crime is animal liberation, to terrorist level. I sense a lie and accept the challenge. I watch the woman and discover she has nothing to do with animal liberation. Two days later I find her dead, murdered brutally. The number they gave me doesnt work. By entering her house I have incriminated myself. Was this their plan? How could they be sure I would? They couldnt. If I am the stooge then there must be more, unknown plants and plots. They gave me a grand, some of which was publicly seen. Does the money call theft, add up and lead to murder?
In the distance I catch sight of the sea. The tide is crashing in. Do I ride the wave? Will I tame it? Do I swim ahead of it or has it already washed over me and left me choking, gasping for air?
I must ask no questions, myself no questions. Why me, I banish. Back to my caravan; pack what I need then vanish.
Why would anyone kill the woman? The woman, I dont even know her name. I must return to her house, risk one more visit and this time look properly for clues. I am tempted to wait until nightfall before making my entry but I cannot be still. Once packed and ready to flee I rush to the house and enter by usual route. Standing by the backdoor I pull off my muddy boots and ready my senses to block out any sight or smell of the woman. I am here to know her past not her present. I quickly move through the kitchen ignoring the many draws and cupboards. My first priority is her laptop, which has been moved from the kitchen table. I enter the hall and pass the woman who I barely acknowledge. Into the study and straight to the desk where I find the laptop. I snatch it, leads snap out. I grab the power cable, yank it from the wall socket, wrap it around the laptop then stuff them into my rucksack.
Suddenly all focus spins to a sound outside. I look to the window and recognize the sound as a car engine. I drop to my knees. I was in full view of the window. The sound continues, getting louder, getting closer. It stops. I crawl to the side of the window, pause and listen. I hear a car door pushed shut quickly followed by another. I raise myself up and peer out through the side of the curtain. Two suited, middle-aged men take the final few steps towards the front door. They look like Police, CID. I lower myself and take cover. I strain to listen, desperate to hear any snippet of conversation, but all I can hear is my breath being pumped hard through my mouth. If they look through the letterbox they will see the woman. I could move her. I hesitate. A loud, three second knock on the door. I could move her. Another knock, louder, shorter, quickly followed by the snap of metal on metal.
In a flash I raise myself up, take a peek then lower myself into cover. I see one of the men rushing towards a parked silver saloon car as the other rams his shoulder into the front door. The door holds. It is heavy and solid. I slip my rucksack on then sneak another look. The man at the car reaches in through an opened front side window and grabs an in-car radio. The other rushes away, I assume towards the back of the house, to the first, unlocked backdoor.
I scramble away crawling under the window. Once clear, I rise up and sprint through the hall into the kitchen. A dash to my boots. I grab them but now, where? I see a door. The backdoor shakes. I pull open the door, step inside and pull the door shut. Blackout. The darkness is complete. I am squashed into a pantry. Cool air and the smell of spices mixed with marzipan and icing sugar. This is not the time to venture into youth but I have hidden in such a pantry before. No sight only sound. I hear the backdoor flung open then footsteps rush across the kitchen floor. Silence. Slowly and gently I begin to put on my boots. A second pair of footsteps rush across the kitchen floor. Then voices.
Jesus!
Fuckin, hell!
Do nuisance calls lead to this?
God knows.
How long?
Fifteen minutes.
Nuisance calls? Is that why they came? Wasnt she reported missing? Fifteen minutes, for back-up? I have one option, to run. Boots on, hood up, sneak out and flee. Quickly with the boots. Surely all attention is on the woman. If they see me, so what? I run, what changes? Two middle-aged men cannot not catch me. 
Theres a message.
Four electronic beeps. From a phone?
What?
Its a mobile number.
What?
Nothingsilence.
As she said. Return the call
Now? Should we?
Why not? 
Another single beep. I finish with the boots. Suddenly I jump as a shiver vibrates through me. The mobile phone, their mobile phone, in my trouser pocket fizzes into life. It vibrates then squeals with ever increasing volume. No time to think. I shoulder the door open and spill out into the kitchen. The two Police Officers stand staring at me, rooted in stillness through shock. Seeing them, I too, pause. As sense returns the officer holding the phone presses a button and cancels the call. The mobile in my pocket squeals no more. I turn to run. This movement fires the officers into action. They rush towards me. Suddenly I stop, then turn and attack. Four quick, hard, even brutal punches later and my pursuers writhe slowly on the floor. I need a head start. I am but one, and they are many.
I sprint out through the door. Once again I have nowhere to go but never have I ran so quickly to get there. Reaching the front of the cottage I see the police car and skid to a stop. I pause, hesitating. Instinct pleas with me to flee but still I stand, staring at the car as a voice in my head begins to scream in order to survive you must take risks!
If I run into the countryside what chance have I got? How far can I get before man, dog and machine start to hunt me down? I cannot be predictable. I must fight myself as much as I must fight everyone else.
I rush to the car and gently open the boot. A glance back reveals I still have time. I whip open a back door, reach inside and release the catch that allows the back seats to fold down. I then quietly close the door and move back to the boot. For a beat I freeze, hesitating. I force it down and myself inside, into the empty space. Without a handle to close the boot properly I have to pull-slam it shut. He noise echoes inside.
Once again I am squashed into darkness. The phone, turn off the mobile, it could ring. I pull it from my pocket and silence it. Dogs. What if they bring sniffer-dogs here? My scent could reveal me. I could be running, I could be free, but that is what they expect of me. And now, what now? Nothing, just wait. How is this a good idea? I could be running free but instead I am trapped. All I can do is think, remind myself of where I am, the darkness, the increasing lack of fresh air. I have handed myself over to fate. I must fight these thoughts. Fear was youth and ignorance. They will not take you; they will not take you away!
I hear a car, the sound of a car fast approaching. It stops aggressively somewhere close-by. Doors open then slam shut. A mans voice calls out.
Round the back!
The silence returns, a minute dead, but then the sound of people approaching. The rub of heavy coats. In my mind I see uniformed Police rushing towards me. Voices call out.
He cant have gone far!
Correct.
The woods!
Wait for the helicopter.
Body heat. Thermal imaging. Am I safe in here? Surely better than dogs? The sound of people moving towards me. A voice, one of the CID Officers.
Ill drive.
Followed by the voice of someone new.
Are you sure youre not concussed?
The front doors of the car are opened. The car bounces on its shock absorbers as people take their seats. The doors are slammed shut. The CID officer speaks.
You alright?
No reply, nothing verbal anyway.
Bastard! Well get him!
The engine ignites and we drive away. Finally, I have movement and pace, all of which feels good. Sometimes I desire stillness, need it in fact, but here, now, it is movement I crave.
Lying here, in the fetal position I start to feel calm, even secure. Does the position induce a subconscious journey back to the womb, where all was right and peaceful? Maybe its the sense of movement mixed with the feeling of invisibility. I love to feel invisible. Once I was afraid of the dark, until one night, I thought fuck it, let the worst happen. Let whatever you fear come and do its worst. After all, fear may shout, you cant see them in the shadows, but so what, neither can they see you.
The car picks up speed. We have left the country lanes and hit the A-roads. Twenty minutes to the nearest town. With a fair amount of success I try and empty my mind, to think of nothing. I see no point in trying to formulate a plan, as my vision into the immediate future is a black as my ride. 
Twenty five minutes into our journey and the car slows to a halt. The handbrake is pulled and the engine is killed. The CID officer speaks.
Right. Lets get you looked at.
The front doors open and the officers climb out. The doors slam shut and footsteps hurry away. The car alarm beeps with activation as remote central-locking secures the car.
With the footsteps fading I push the backseat forward then pull myself into the back of the car. Slowly, carefully I lean up and look through the side window. Before me stands the local hospital. The two CID Officers hurry towards A&E. I wait for them to enter the building then make my move. I open the door and set myself free.
I walk calmly away from the car. I need a plan. A place to hide, to study my only clue. Or maybe I should seek distance, continue to run, to get as far as way as possible, away from the publics gaze. How long before my story goes public?
As I walk around the car park, trying to look as if I have destination, anger starts to fuel me, anger at the people who put me here. I had my routine; I had my peace and now, all is chaos, all is unknown. I want solution. I want answers. I need to hide. There is too much light. I hurry towards the Out Patients building. I have been here before, visiting, saying goodbye, silently of course. I know a place where I can sit in peace.
As I walk to the building I slip off my rucksack and carry it by hand. This, I think, makes me look less noticeable and helps push me into the background. Several CCTV cameras watch me. Does this matter? Will the Police suss my escape and review the footage? Could they? Would they have the time? Maybe later, tomorrow but today, I doubt it.
I enter the building. It is busy with people. It is nearly noon and morning visiting hours are due to end. No one seems to pay me attention. I glide pass reception and hurry along a corridor. Reaching a door I take it. I enter the Mens Toilets, go straight to a cubicle, shut the door and lock it.
I am alone, hidden. My surroundings are warm and spotless, as they say, it could be worse. I push the toilet seat down and sit. From the rucksack I take out the laptop, open it, turn it on and boot it up.
Waiting for Windows to load I almost feel guilty. I could have access to a world, a life that shouldnt be mine to view. Twice in my life I have had the option of reading someone elses secret diary, and twice I chose not to. Does that make me boring, too good to be true? Did I refuse to read because I feared the truth? Or maybe I didnt care enough for the people whose diaries they were. Mind you, neither diary left me unharmed. I tore from each a dozen or so random pages, which I later destroyed by fire.
Windows loads and I begin my search but quickly find nothing of any consequence. No pictures, downloads, nothing that reveals the essence of this woman. Is the computer new? Or barely used? Has it been tampered with, cleaned of vital information? Maybe she missed the techno curve and now only uses computers under protest, if so, I sympathise.
Finally I find two files that interest me. That could possible contain the information I seek. The first is a Word document named Draft 1. I do not have the time to fully investigate but it seems she was writing a novel. The first line of which reads,
You can take the man out of the cunt, but you cant take the cunt out of the man.
The second is an email conversation between the woman and her son, which reads:
Oh what joy. Welcome to my past. A place I had easily forgotten until you, in all your wisdom, deemed it correct to remind me. Well speak to me, dear mother, but I warn you, I am no longer a weakling and I no longer see with the eye of a child. You tracked me down. This shouldnt surprise me; after all you are not without intelligence. I should thank you for my genes, Professor. Nature or nurture? Obviously both. So thank you for the genes although nurture, not you. Anyway, how are you? How well have you aged?
Oakley, my son. Thank you for your reply. It means so much to me. My health is fine. Of course my doctor tells me my cholesterol and blood pressure could both be lower but what the hell, I have no intention of fading away whilst making up the numbers in some care home. 
I have recently retired to the countryside  proper peace and quiet, although a little boring. I have plenty of time to think and read, maybe too much time to think, never enough time to read. 
I would like to meet up with you, at the very least speak to you on the telephone. I know we have our issues and perhaps, in some ways, I can understand the way you have chosen to isolate me from your life, but can we now at least be civil to each other? I would like to speak to you, is this possible? Can I call you?
No. Not interested. Can manage email only.
Then email it is. How are you? Are you happy? Speak to me. Tell me where you have been, what you have achieved, tell me your life. Is there family?
Life is great. There are challenges and fights. Thankfully, I work towards a time when the challenges and fights have all been won. Science is our only hope and I am a scientist. I have no family.
You have me. Youre a scientist, of course, what else? Your passion. Your brilliance. I knew you would be. You work away from academia, can I ask why? You had so much promise. I looked for papers published by you but found nothing. This surprised me. What is it you research? I would be interested to know. Your cousin Reese, remember him? I am sure you do. You were once as close as brothers. He is soon to marry and would love you to come to the wedding. Can I tell him you will?
My work is secret. I have fulfilled my promise and more! Tell Reese, no. As close as brothers? For a time yes, but then you sent me away. Ask him about Newnham. Were we close? Never. The law is for cowards.
Why do you still hold what happened against me? On one level I can just about grasp your feelings but on another, dare I say it, it all seems so insignificant.
The butterfly flaps its wings.....My mind is tuned to the future.
You were sent away to school. You won a scholarship. Wasnt it for the best, for your intellectual development? You had a mind for science. Is what we did so wrong?
No. For the best. I left, we parted. Simple. There is no big issue here. I do not need a therapist. You sent me away to school. Initially I hated it. Fear and abandonment etc etc caused by you and by father but then I settled. I found solace in my work. I grew beyond you. Learnt to live without you. Evolved and adapted. It takes a lonely man to see, or rather feel, real truth. Think how the gods walked alone from the desert. Get over me. Move on with your life. I wish you no harm, but then again, I wish to share no more of my life with you.
I see. Then let me say this, when I read your words they made me feel that you are far from happy, contented or fulfilled. You have no family, this pleases you? Who are you professionally? Wasnt the world to know your name? To celebrate your achievements? You told me your ambitions and they were far from fantasy. Many expected them from you. So why have you walked away from them?
I work for the private sector and this offends you. You are, were, a socialist but you sent your son to be privately educated. Suggestion, grow up. Engage with the real world. Mother, the idealist, well so am I. However, you wont access my idealism in a library. I am totally committed. One day soon, you will see. I will visit you and inform you of my work, of all my many achievements. You will see my wealth and the power of my influence. I will tell you everything, which will result in us parting for good. This is now inevitable. I find your emails distracting, a nuisance. Stop them. I will be flying (by private jet) into the country soon enough. A member of my staff will soon be in touch.
After this I find two separate emails from Oakley, without any reply from the woman. The first email reads, 
New plan. Will call you.
The second,
Educate yourself. Permission will follow.
The words educate yourself have a website link attached. Placing the cursor over the link reveals the web address, https://boxxx5481422.com/oakley. This is the same, or similar, to the page on her laptop, that night I first broke in. Did it show his work, his science?
Families, how they fill your life with joy. These emails, this straw to grasp, is this all I have to go on? They contain nothing explicit, but still, I could do worse than follow the stench of power and money, both of which would have been needed to put me here. 
The son, you are now a suspect. Can I get to him? No. All I have is an email address. I could test him. Let him think I have evidence that proves his guilt. If he thought I did then surely he would try and get to me, and in doing so, prove his involvement. A son? Come on, never, its ridiculous. But its all I have. Anyway, who else, what else? What enemies can such a woman have?
I need access to the internet. The laptop has Wi-Fi. The only place I know where I can gain Wi-Fi access is the local library. Do I take the risk? Of course. What else is there for me to do?
I pack the laptop away and make my move. I step out of the Toilets into a flow of people, visitors all rushing to leave. The pace is good, brisk, but then no one healthy ambles slowly away from a hospital. 
I reach the exit, step outside and quickly see two options. A queue of female pensioners waits patiently to board a bus, which will take them into town. I could join them, or I could go alone in one of three black cabs, which wait in line for a fare. I choose a cab, less people and much more direct.
I reach the lead taxi, pull open the back door and climb inside. The driver, a woman, which is bad news as shell remember my face more clearly, turns to look at me. Gently rubbing my throat, as if it was sore to the touch, I mouth the words cant speak. I then point at the hospital then back at my throat. She gets it straight away.
Lost your voice. Oh well.
I nod.
Is it contagious?
I shake my head.
Oh well, you cant give it to my husband then?
I fake a smile.
 Where you going? Here, write it down
She passes me a notepad and pen. I write railway station. Taking back the notepad and pen she smiles.
The station, it is. 
I recline in the seat and try to look ill, too weak to enter into any form of communication verbal or otherwise. 
She starts the engine and pulls smoothly away. It should be a ten minute journey maximum. She spies me in the rear view mirror.
You look like you could do with some rest, luv.
I nod. She smiles and looks back at the road. For the rest of the journey I am left in peace. I try and think of only my immediate objectives, to get to the library and send the email, the contents of which I write in my head. My focus however is fallible and other thoughts push in. I see myself, the image of me labeled and condemned. I think of the driver, her beat of fame, her picture and the headline The killer was my fare. 
I have never got angry at people who have thought ill of me, never felt disrespected by an insult or a so-called dirty look, and this in Britain where a flash of violence can spring from an eye-line crossed. But by tomorrow, the ill thought that people aim at me will cut deep, and I will feel more than disrespected. I will feel, in part somehow guilty. I can feel it now, guilt stirring anger. A feeling that I am contaminated that inside me rises unease.
A sharp left hand turn taken too quickly snaps me from thought. We have reached the railway station. As the driver pulls up directly outside the entrance I hurry to pull a ten pound note from the money belt strapped around my waist. Money saved for an unknown time.
Right then.
She turns to face me. I pass her the money, smile and nod then move to exit.
Do you want your change?
I glance back briefly and shake my head. She smiles.
Thanks. You get well soon, hey?
I open the door and hurry out.
Since she brought me to the entrance I feel obliged to enter. I told her the railway station as a precaution, as I didnt want to give my true location away. I walk through the sliding doors and up to a timetable pinned to the wall. I stand pretending to read it until the taxi pulls away. Once clear I hurry outside. The library is only a minute away.
On my approach to the library I pass through a small courtyard area where cycles can be parked. I scan the half dozen or so cycles present but all are securely locked. 
The library is barely active. More staff than punters. I locate the Wi-Fi area, sit at a table and read a leaflet explaining how to connect. It seems easy but then technology always does. CCTV watches my every move. Ten minutes later I have a connection. I open the womans email and the Inbox begins to fill with Spam. With the email from her son opened I click reply and write,
You set me up. I know this. The evidence is mine. You killed your mother. I know the truth. I still have the mobile phone, call me.
With the email sent, I try and open the link attached to educate yourself, but all that opens is a box requesting a password.
The temptation to search the local news, to see how much of a story I am, briefly comes and goes. I must get away, and fast.
As I hurry into the courtyard area I see a teenage girl, about seventeen years old, dressed as some sort of part-time Goth. She has her back to me and is unlocking a security chain from a mountain bike. This gives me an option, a choice I cant refuse. A quick look around confirms our solitude. I rush towards her and strike, a single punch to the back of her head. She flops to the ground, semi-unconscious. I take the bike and cycle away. It makes me think, how far can I go?
Exercise, or rather physical activity, always clears my mind. I cycle hard and think of nothing. I know where to go and how to get there, into the countryside and high into the hills. To a place, that tonight, may offer me sanctuary. To a small, isolated chapel nestled discreetly between two villages, a Chapel, I believe, will lay dormant tonight.
CHAPTER SIX

Once again I am hiding, waiting in woodland, in a dense, man-made plantation of coniferous trees. Fussy, near parallel rows, planted for maximum yield, act as a prison keeping light and life out. In the distance I can see the Chapel. It is the perfect watch tower, high in the hills and providing a clear and honest view of the only road that leads to it.
As darkness beds-in the Chapel remains empty. Leaving the bike behind, I make my move. I scramble out of the woodland, over a puny wire fence and on to a narrow country lane which provides a steep incline to the chapel. 
The Chapel is a simple, late Victorian building surrounded by its own burial ground. It is brick-built and stands small yet purposeful, with a contented poise. Its proportions are natural and inoffensive until, that is, you see the single floor, concrete extension that was flung onto its rear and continues to stick. On each side of the original building are two large, arched windows, which I happen to know have been double-glazed. The congregation is a group called the Christian Fellowship. A notice board outside proclaims, As in Heaven on Earth. Oh well, I think, theres always hell.
Gaining entry is easy. One hard kick against the arched, wooden door and Im in. Inside it is cold and dark. I feel against the wall for a light switch and quickly find a row of four. I flick one on, give my eyes a second to adjust then rapidly scan the room to form a mental picture of all I see. Once complete, I return the room to darkness. 
The Chapel seems more a village hall than church. No pews, just a dozen or so rows of plastic chairs all aimed at a small stage, which is backed by a single blue curtain and a large wooden cross. The pulpit is basic, a lectern in the shape of a cross. I see nothing else that tells of God or worship. 
From my pocket I pull my torch, turn it on and head for a door that stands to the left of the stage. Through the door I enter the extension. I see tables and chairs and childrens paintings pinned to the walls. In one corner I find a small kitchen area consisting of a small fridge, a gas stove, a kettle with jars of tea and coffee, and two Calor gas heaters. 
After coffee and a torch-lit hot dinner of baked beans, sardines and two chocolate bars, I settle for the night. My bed is a row of four chairs positioned next to the window. This gives me a clear view of all that approaches. For warmth a Calor gas heater works fine.
Outside all nature is dark, no moon or stars to burst the night. The only constant light is a single, distant street light, little more than a dot, which marks the approach to a small hamlet called Hope. 
A car speeds towards Hope. Its headlights dazzle and snare my gaze. A vehicle-activated road sign spews rich red and amber light, flashing at the driver to slow down. It fixes my stare. Light in darkness is always seductive, even more so when you are alone. Its the promise of something, of people and of life.
I should sleep but cant, too much fuel burning in my veins. I turn on the mobile phone and check for missed calls or texts. No one has called or left a message. All is silent, as once I liked it. 
Needing to be occupied, I pull the laptop from my rucksack, boot it up and open the Word document containing the novel. I read the opening line.
You can take the man out of the cunt, but you cant take the cunt out of the man.
A voice in me wants to argue with this, but another, mutters, why bother. All I can muster is this, survival was never easy. I scroll down to the final pages and find what seems to be a story-within-the story, tilted Bunker14382. It reads,
In the bunker lived the cream of society, the most successful and the most renowned. There were scientists, artists, wits and intellects, all those that could be found, collected and stored before the missiles came to shatter the earth. 
Of course, military and political personnel also shared space with the countrys finest, as did some from the Civil Service, but even so, the average IQ was still a mighty 165. Men, it will come as no surprise, were dominant. Not in number, but in power, they ruled. Still, there were plenty of women, in fact, more than enough to go around.
Amongst the inhabitants of the bunker the shock of the destruction dissipated with remarkable ease. A new day, a new dawn seemed the only accepted attitude. Billions of people had been lost, but history had been saved, and our culture stored to rise again.
One such inhabitant, Karl, who had previously considered himself to beyond blessing now considered himself to be the luckiest man alive. Granted there werent that many men alive, but still, he concluded, for the first time in his life he was actually going somewhere positive.
Karl, you see, should never have made it to the bunker. Before the war, he worked as a lowly removal man. He was the man with the van, no job was too small, and most were too large. His route to the bunker was a simple case of mistaken identity. Put simply, the man with the van lived, while the most brilliant physicist of his generation was left to cower under a table or doorway until his flesh was smashed into a billion or more atoms.
Can I breed? Karl asked Major Miles Robertson. The reply was simple.
No.
Not even a little?
No.
Why?
Resources are limited.
So what am I gonna do?
Youll cook for us.
I cant cook.
Can you use a microwave?
Yeah, a normal one.
Can you read?
Of course.
Then you have all the skills required.
To cook.
To cook, and clean. You must, of course, keep the kitchen clean.
So, it was agreed, Karl became the cook. Nothing fancy of course, mainly food that was dried, processed and microwavable, but nonetheless, Karl was the man who fed the elite, who offered them nourishment and sustenance.
From the very first day, Karl loved his new job, in fact he thought it the best he had ever had. Soon, he began working with flair and passion, especially when working at the only real cooking, the making and baking of bread. This simple process of adding salt and yeast to flour and water, then kneading and baking, quickly began to fascinate him. It sustained him as much as the food he ate, as much as the company he kept.
As for the other inhabitants, the top flight anyway, they all seemed to stall, even though there was plenty to keep them occupied. They could watch all the greatest films, and many of the worst. They could lose themselves in the vastness of a digital library that offered a near endless choice of books and music, and of course, they had each other for company, laughter and song. There was time for leisure and time for work, yet no new art was created, no new stories committed to type. The military had nothing to guard or to fight. The politicians all agreed. The artists soon became depressed, the wits bored and bad tempered, and the scientists, well they all seemed to go mad, with anger and fear and a need for God. Karl, however, stayed level and content. Until, that is, Major Miles Robertson invented a plan. He came to believe
No other words appear beyond this. 
I look towards the window where a beat of light catches my eye. From beyond Hope I see a vehicle slowly emerge. It crawls along the A-road until turning on to the single-track county lane, which leads to the Chapel. The shape of the headlights looks familiar. They certainly sit higher than those of a standard car. It is definitely a four-by-four, but the Land Rover? The Vehicle stops. It is now fifty or sixty metres away. I ready myself. Shut down the laptop and pack it away. Sliding the rucksack on to my back the mobile phone shoots out four sharp raps of high pitched sound. I grab it. I have a text message. Read? Of course.
Are you in? I want to confess. Answer my call.
I return my stare to the headlights. The phone rings, I answer.
Sam? Say nothing if its you.
The voice is male, well spoken and smugly amused. I see the headlights flicker. Something, or someone, has crossed the beam.
So you know my guilt. I cannot deny it, in fact I will not. I made the request and someone listened. One of many, followed my orders. How you know, I have no idea, but then, neither do I care. In fact, it pleases me that you know. It pleases me that someone innocent knew of my deed.
Again the headlights flicker. I assume the worst. Theyve found me, tracked me down. How? The phone. Their phone. It must have been tracking me. The headlights go dead. 
Anyway, time to say goodbye, Sam. Enjoy the rest of your futile-
I discard the phone, think for a beat then act. I block the view from the window by pulling the curtains shut. In need of light, I reach for a switch and turn it on. At the Calour gas heater I pull my knife, find the gas supply hose and cut it in two. Butane gushes out. I move to the second such heater and do the same. At the gas cooker I open the oven and grill doors, then turn all knobs to full.
Pacing away, towards a second window, one opposite the first, I grab a roll of kitchen paper and a tin of beans I had left out for my breakfast. Gas now flavours the air. I reach the window, open it and quickly climb out. Outside I push the window shut then wrap the tin of beans in several layers of kitchen paper. I could run, but cant, I must stay. If they enter the way I did, into the extension, I have a chance. 
I take out my cigarette lighter, and ready myself to act. The not so distant sound of a single dog bark alerts my hearing. In the distance a helicopter flutters towards me. Another sound but closer, the Chapel door thumped open. Surely now, only seconds to see the Chapel is clear, to find the extension and enter. I ignite the kitchen paper. The flames cut through the dark and spill into my thoughts. Am I ready to kill? To light the fire that burns to death? Through the window I see the door kicked open. Phillip and Andrew burst in, handguns aimed and ready. As their lungs take the first hit of gas their bodies recoil back towards the door. I am primed and ready to throw but something in me forces inaction. Phillip looks at the window and sees me. I act without hesitation, I drop the fuse, turn and run.
I know where to go, into the trees, the thick, dense plantation. After jumping a fence into a field I face a hundred metre scramble up a steep, grassy incline. Through the darkness I make good progress, feral-like as my hands and feet propel me forward.
Behind me a dog barks. The bark is constant, a single, repetitive snap fuelled by adrenalin. The dog has been released and I am its prey. My only option is to match it as the hunter so I stop, turn and face the darkness. At least I have the high ground. From the sheaf I pull my knife. The barking stops. In the sky the flutter of the helicopter is now a rumble. As bait, I cast my left arm out and the dog duly bites. A furious pain coils deep within. As release, I stab the knife deep into the dog. A sad, even pathetic yelp leaks out. I confirm the kill by slitting its throat.
Suddenly I am under spotlight. The helicopter has trapped me in a beam of dazzling light. I hear a bang and feel a force whiz past my face. Instinct kicks me down and I cower. I see the dog, a muscle packed Alsatian. I snatch it from the ground and hurl it over my shoulder. With it covering my back I continue my race to the woodland. Several bullets rip and tear at the dogs body. Possessed with the will to live I quickly and frantically make the trees.
As I stumble into the woodland the canopy slices through the beam of light and a thick, smothering darkness renders sight useless. I drop the dog and move by touch alone. The only valid direction is upwards, to continue to follow the incline.
The helicopter loiters above, but machines are not men they cannot run on empty. They are what they are and nothing more. Helicopters run out of fuel, guns out of bullets. Nothing can inspire a machine, no fear can fuel it.
I continue for twenty minutes or more then pause for breath and thought. The helicopter sounds increasingly distant and nothing on foot seems to pursue me. A slight awareness of a pain throbbing in my left forearm starts to nag for attention. I ignore it. I pull out my torch, turn it on and continue on my way.
The Woods at night always take your mind to somewhere ancient. Even a cold, hard cynic like me can fool himself into thinking that man is not his own worst enemy. That somewhere, submerged in the shallows of the darkness, lurks something that force alone could never defeat.
Leaving the Wood behind, I emerge onto a deserted country road. A signpost at a crossroads confirms the familiarity of my surroundings. I am high in the hills, and need motion, more than my legs can provide. I think for a beat, and remember a nearby Farmyard, and the beaten up Land Rover Defender that ferried old man Gittins over field and road. It has been a while since I labored for him and the family, but in the world of Mr. Gittins, nothing retires early and by early I mean living, neither man or machine.
I reach the farmyard and all is still. The nearby house is sleeping. The Land Rover is positioned as if left to aide and abet me, no gate to disturb, no dog guarded zone to violate. I open the unlocked door, lean in and release the handbrake. A gentle push rolls the vehicle silently away. With the aide of a gentle downhill gradient we soon cover eighty plus metres.
To start the engine, I employ the only useful, practical skill my dad ever taught me, how to hot-wire a car. As an army trained mechanic he knew all about engines. He used to boast,
If its got wheels and an engine I can steal it and drive it away!
 Once, I asked him if that included a jumbo jet plane. He didnt answer, but slapped my face for being a cheeky little shit.
The Land Rover shudders alive. I select first gear and drive away, but to where? I need shelter, a wash and rest. I need to think. I need a plan. I do not concede the fate others wish to impose on me. I know a house, isolated and unoccupied. One that is close, maybe too close to the cottage. An empty house near to the murder scene, am I being a fool? What is the etiquette of a man on the run? Flee far away, or prowl close to the crime? What do the police think of me? Have I been profiled? Do they know the house? Do they know I was due, this week, to work there? Do they have the knowledge to second guess me? No! Because they have me wrong, very wrong! In all their calculations I am a murderer, which is something I am not!
The thirty minute drive to the house is more an ordeal than the hour spent running through the woods. Driving at night on clear roads creates a sort of stillness and I do not have the mind tonight for stillness. I become agitated and tense. The pain coiled in my forearm springs into life and a wrap of cold comes to sit beneath my clothes.
Has the taxi driver taken her bow? The lack of police activity makes me think she has. As I reach the house I should still be weary but instead sweep boldly into the driveway.
The house is a nearly finished new build, a six bedroom pile to retire to. My labour was helping landscape the gardens. The owner, Jon, himself an outsider, has often provided me work. On holiday with his partner, Pam, I was to come and fill a skip with rubble and waste. A good days labour, one fairly rewarded with money and also trust. He left me a key, hidden of course. I was to check all was well with the house; I was to help myself to tea and coffee, and any food in the fridge.
To hide the Land Rover from prying eyes I park it behind the garage. With the house key retrieved from the designated loose paving slab I rush to the house and enter. Once in I kick off my pre-planned routine. In the utility room I strip naked, put all my clothes into the washing machine and activate a quick wash. I then move upstairs to the bathroom. From the medicine cabinet I find a packet of ibuprofen and swallow three tablets. The wound to my left forearm doesnt look as bad as it feels. Thirteen puncture wounds, some no more than dots, others centimeter cuts, all joined together with the onset of bruising.
Next I take a shower. Hot, steaming water, a luxury that only yesterday would have meant nothing to me, but here, tonight as warmth seeps slowly into flesh and bone, feels absolutely vital. For a few minutes I forget my situation and think of sweet nothing.
My planned routine had not accommodated having a shave but for some reason I feel I must, so do.
Drying myself I feel clean, warm and ready. Once dry I plaster my left forearm in antiseptic cream then dress the wound in a bandage.
Downstairs I pull from my rucksack a change of clothes and put them on. 
In the kitchen I hydrate myself with a two large glasses of water. I then make a mug of coffee, which I take, along with the laptop, into the sitting room. Here, I turn the gas fire on to full, sit on the sofa and boot-up the laptop. But for the flames of the fire, and the light emitted from the laptop, all is dark.
I know the house has Wi-Fi. It takes a few minutes experimentation but eventually I get a connection. I check the Inbox but see only Spam.
Oakley, where to start? I Google him, first just his name then his name plus scientist but find nothing of interest. What else do I know of him? He has a cousin, Reese, who studied at Newnham with him. Which is what? A college at Cambridge, thank you Google. 
I go to friendsreunited.com and search for Reese. I dont know his surname but I know the womans. Luckily, it seems they match. Reese Robertson left Newnham in 1993. No description just a listing. I search for Oakley but he isnt listed. This gives me an idea, pretend to be Oakley and create him a listing. Give old friends, if he had any, a means to get in touch. To talk about the old times and what they have heard hes been up to. I could even contact people direct, remember me, that freak of a scientist. Just murdered my mother, why dont we meet for a drink?
Reading the terms and conditions I see that having joined as Oakley my details will be emailed to people listed in all relevant categories so I add to Oakleys listing, wanting to hear from all. Still trying to find myself, so tell me, who was I? What you remember about me?
Maybe I could contact Reese, pretending to be Oakley. Speak of the tragic news concerning mother and aunty. Too out of the blue? For now, yes.
How did the woman track him down? Maybe all she got was an email. No physical location. He claims to be a successful scientist but the web gives him credit for nothing. His work is secret and for the private sector, so maybe the defense industry.
What was his motive? Why would he kill his Mother? Simple, hes a twisted fucking psychopath.
I Google his email address. It brings up no results. On Facebook, he has no listing, so I create him one.
Once finished I navigate to the website of the local newspaper and see that my story, or part of it anyway, would they ever print the truth, is front page news. Pensioner found murdered. Local man sought. Thats the first time Ive been referred to as a local, so thats what it takes.
I put the laptop on charge then stuff my clean, wet clothes into a tumble dryer. With the timer set for an hour I move back to the sitting room where I sit on the sofa, silent and still.  
I could have killed tonight. If I had, then what? They would only have been replaced. At least I know what my pursuers look like. Let them think that I am weak.
Slowly I sink into sleep.
CHAPTER SEVEN

6.18am. I wake, without drama, peaceful and soothed. Remaining still, I strain to capture all sound, but hear only the ticking of a wall clock and the gentle, swirling hiss of the gas fire.
I stand, pause for a second then rush upstairs where I scan the view from front and back windows. The only beat of concern is a helicopter that is speeding my way. This concern quickly flatlines as the helicopters blue and white paintwork becomes clear. These colours reveal it to be neither Police nor pursuers but a helicopter from the flying school at Portmand Airfield. Such helicopters cross the local skyline all day long. The local landscape of hills and coast is considered ideal for training pilots.
This poses a question, would my pursuers base their helicopter at Portmand? I answer yes, why wouldnt they? Where else for somewhere to land and refuel? I refuse to think too much so quickly make my decision.
I rush downstairs and hunt for food. My quarry is two frozen meals taken from the freezer, a fish pie and pasta dish in some sort of tomato sauce. As they cook in the microwave I pack my clean, dry clothes into my rucksack, put on my boots then go looking for keys. I know a brand new Golf is parked in the garage and I need to replace the Land Rover, which no doubt is already reported stolen.
I find the car keys, both car and garage, dangling from brushed chrome, wall mounted key hook rack.
With the laptop connected to the internet I check to see if anyone has replied to me as Oakley, but no one has. Checking the Inbox I see nothing but Spam so I click on New Mail and, off the cuff, compose a note to Oakley. 
Not speaking to me, Oakley? Why the silence? Trying to deal with your failure?! Let me say, you are a gutless piece of futile shit. I repeat, you are a gutless piece of futile shit. I am one, you are many, and still you fail!! Why kill your mother? Was it because she didnt want to fuck you? Did she turn you down you ugly, perverted freak?! It takes a lot to get me angry but let me assure you, when we meet, you will feel the full force of all my anger. Ive been saving it up for many years. Didnt know what for, but now I do, for a gutless piece of futile shit, named Oakley. Meet you soon, Sam.
I click Send and feel an empty sense of satisfaction. Words, for now, are all I have.
Packing the laptop away I gulp down my breakfast. All I taste is salt. Once finished I clean my mess, slip on my rucksack then exit the house. After locking the door I return the key to the paving slab. I then unlock and open the garage door, reverse the Golf out and replace it with the Land Rover. With the garage door locked I post the garage key through the letterbox, get back in the Golf and pull quickly way.
CHAPTER EIGHT

I know little of Portland Airfield. All I know is its general location, buried deep in the countryside, and its use as a helicopter flying school. Driving there I take the quickest, most direct route. Once I twist free of the county lanes an A-road takes me most of the way. The road carries few other vehicles, but even so, a thin sense of paranoia teases me. I pull the sun visor down to cover my face, and argue with myself over the speed I should drive. To speed or not to speed? I play safe and keep within the limits.
Nearing the airfield I notice that a short but broad hill overlooks it on one side. I decide to drive there and reccy the area before making any move closer. A single lane road takes me to the top of the hill and a small, unoccupied lay-by. I park, pull the binoculars from my rucksack then scan the view of the airfield.
The airfield covers an area of sixteen or so hectares. Cutting through well trimmed grass fields are three runways, all intersecting each other and all at least eight hundred metres in length. A public road borders the entire perimeter and I can see no security fence housing the airfield in. Away from the runways, and to my left, I see two large hangers. A three metre high, wire security fence and gate hem these hangers and two acres of land in. Parked on this land are three helicopters, all of which have the familiar blue and white livery. On a field fifty or so metres in front of the security fenced area are parked two single engine planes and one helicopter. The helicopter is painted matt black and has a thinner tail and a more bulbous cabin than the training helicopters. Away from the runways, and to my right, I can see a car park area and two single story concrete buildings. Signs reveal one of the buildings to be a reception and teaching centre and the other to house a visitor centre and caf. Attached to this building is a public toilet. In the car park are parked three average family saloons and the Land Rover Freelander.
Dotted around the airfield are a dozen or so derelict buildings all of which seem to date from the Second World War. People are scarce. I can see only one man who, dressed in clean overalls, stands outside one of the hangers talking into a mobile phone. 
Hearing a car approach ahead of me I drop the binoculars and twist my body round to face the backseats. Here I pretend to fumble around for something lost. As the car passes I twist back and return my gaze to the airfield. Movement by the caf immediately catches my eye so I raise the binoculars and take a look.
Stepping out of the caf are four men, Phillip and Andrew and two others who are unknown to me. The two unknown men could be brothers. They share clothes, attitude and presence. Their clothes differ only in colour, khaki or stone combat trousers, safari shirts and sleeveless tracker jackets, all of which could have been ragged-rolled by the African bush. Both stand a solid six foot or more and both give the impression violence is always the easiest option. Their skin is bronzed and their hair fair. The English countryside feels too small and too tame for them. Give them a big game hunt or African coup to join and profit from and each would seem right. Andrew and Phillip look quaintly middle-class and painfully English beside them. Both have unlit, hand rolled cigarettes dangling from their mouths which they quickly light as all four stand and begin talking. Andrew takes the lead. The conversation doesnt seem like banter between friends but business talk between work colleges with issues to resolve. Within two minutes the issues have been tamed. Phillip and Andrew turn and walk sharply away.
The rumble of a tractor approaching ahead of me penetrates the car. Once again, I twist to the backseats and fumble around. With the tractor passed I re-engage the binoculars and continue to watch.
The Land Rover speeds towards the exit. The two unknowns continue to stand and talk. One glance at his wrist watch then casually gestures with a flick of the head towards the caf. Are they going back in? I focus the binoculars in on their footwear. Both wear stone coloured walking boots. The boots step out of frame. I zoom out and watch as they both enter the caf.
I start the engine and pull quickly away. I drive casually into the airfield and head straight to the car park and reception area. I park the car in a parking bay and scan the area for CCTV or other prying stares. As far as I can tell I remain unseen. I exit the car and walk purposefully away. With my head down I quickly pass the reception and caf buildings. Reaching the Mens public toilet, I pull open the door and enter.
Inside I am alone. Straight ahead of me stand four sinks, to my left five cubicles and to my right six urinals. The door behind creaks shut. I enter the middle cubicle, shut the door and lock it. Here I wait.
Ten minutes passes painfully. I struggle with thought. The urge to flee is strong. The need to see some sort of horizon nearly drags me away but I force myself to stay seated and contained.
The sound of the outdoors blows in. A forceful cough, a short sharp sniff followed by a man spitting and a door creaking shut, all of which tells me I am no longer alone. I kneel on the floor and peer through the gap between door and floor. Standing at one of the urinals is a pair of stone coloured walking boots.
I stand, pause for a beat and ready myself for violence. I flush the toilet, unlock and open the cubicle door. Ahead of me stands an unknown. Will he look? In the mens? Never. I rush towards him and smash the heel of my right palm into the back of his head. This thrusts his head forward until his forehead cracks into the wall he is facing. With my hand latched on to his hair I yank his head back and knee him in the kidneys with all the force I can muster. I then smash his forehead back into the wall. My left hand pulls out my hunting knife and holds it against his throat. I then wrestle his limbering body into the cubicle where I throw him seated onto the toilet. Fifteen seconds of silence and recovery. I watch his strength and senses return. He looks at me and the knife, then smiles.
What are you going to do, kill me?
His accent is South African, his tone, mocking. I place the edge of the blade against his right cheek, pause for a second then whip the knife away slashing down into his flesh. 
His whole body tenses and I can see him fight to repress any verbal release of pain. He presses a hand against the wound and looks at me with absolute hate. The situation could quickly explode. In the briefest beat I see a twitch that tells me the man is about to fight, to roll the dice for all or nothing. I make the first move and soon he is slumped over the now broken toilet, bloodied and unconscious.
I skim a hand through all his pockets and find a wallet and mobile phone, both of which I keep. As I turn to leave one final action comes rushing to my mind. I locate his right hand, which is lying lifeless on the floor and I then stamp on it. Trigger man or pilot, hes out of a job. 
I exit the toilets and walk to the Golf with a false air of calm. Once inside I start the engine and pull smoothly away.
As I leave the airfield I get a sudden need for distance, to drive many miles away. I have no specific location in mind but instinct tells me I should head south, to the pull of London. If Oakley has a presence in England then surely it touches the Capital. It should also be noted I hate cities, I hate crowds, I hate people swarming around me. This is something the police should easily uncover and from it conclude that I am likely to remain in the countryside, which I should, but wont.
When alone I rarely feel lonely, in crowds I often do. Where there are few, you will rarely go unrecognized, where there are many, you usually do.
What is my objective? To clear my name? To find out why Oakley killed his mother? Then what? Protest my innocence? Who will listen?
The miles ease blankly by and the fuel tank draws empty. I turn into a passing petrol station and position the car to drink its fill. Security cameras scour every angle. All I can do is pull my up collar, dip my cap and keep my stare dangling towards the ground. I fill the tank with sixty Pounds exactly.
As I walk across the forecourt I keep my head lowered and my stare dipped towards my wallet, in which I pretend to rummage for the right amount of cash. Reaching the entrance I glance over the newspaper stand half expecting to see by face and my moment of fame but, nationally at least, I remain a pre-fame nonentity.
Inside the so-called mini-supermarket two men are queuing at the till. Taking their money is a miserable looking, over-weight, teen girl who for some reason looks angry with embarrassment.
I take a detour around the shopping aisles and wait for the men to finish their business. As soon as they do, I pace towards the counter, head down, turning to look with fake interest at the useless products and end-of-aisle special offers I pass. Catching a glimpse of the girl I see her stare is as rooted to the floor as mine. Reaching the till, I push three twenties across the counter and flash the girl a smile. It misses her, as she doesnt care to look. Job done, I quickly leave.
As I climb back inside the car the phone and wallet catch my attention. Could the phone, like the other, expose my location? Im sure it could, but why would they add to it such a device? To protect their men? Simply because they can? Ignoring the risk I turn it on, and as quickly as I can, note down all the phone numbers that have been called or received, as well as those stored in the phone book. Checking the text messages I find only one, which reads, Better than Aids! Attached to it is a photo, I open it up and instantly recoil in shock. The image is a close-up of a black man whose skin is primed with a glutinous sweat, and torn with sores, beacons spewing pain, whose stare rages horror. The colour image defies a sense of a diseased, medieval hell. Does this mean anything to me? More sickness?
I turn the phone off. Unable to take the risk of keeping it, I remove the SIM card, as this could contain useful information, then open the car door and gently slide the phone across the ground. Let somebody find it and keep it on the move.
The wallet, which is anonymous, black leather and seems brand new yields two hundred pounds in cash and a single corporate, platinum credit card. Although the credit card shows the Visa emblem the card issuer is unknown to me, a bank named AST. The name embossed on the card is Gordon Morkot, below which is embossed GGG Corp LTD. Is this who they work for, Gordon, as well as Oakley?
A batch of five cars pulls into the station one of which eyes my space. I start the engine and continue on my way. 
The motorway, like modern air travel, is theoretically a good idea but in practice is dull, tedious and sweaty with congestion. The promise of speed is rarely fulfilled. Hell, if there is one, is not a destination; it is an endless commute through an endless rush hour. Most people would fail to comprehend how poor a life I would lead before joining the commuter class. Up and down the motorway, dead in time and pointless in space. 
My planned destination is the nearest service station. I dont know for sure but I guess such a place might have Wi-Fi.
Why, when we have so much choice does it seem we are always in a state of compromise? Here I am, chugging along at thirty miles per hour, caged-in and unable to change lanes. I have made a choice and from it there is no escape. Historically, of course, I move like a God but here, amongst the automotive soup I feel my whole body is being stamped on, restricted and contained but for whom, for the good of what? The herd, must we all be a digit in the herd. Is no one allowed to roam alone?
To my left, I see a channel with a clear horizon, the hard shoulder, arrogant and vacant, smug with space, like some arsed-up aristocratic landlord utterly appalled by the thought of trespass. How dare it. I swerve left and accelerate hard away. I know the risks but cannot find room to care. Car horns shout and blare. Stares of hate no doubt lynch me but in ten minutes I am back on the carriageway proper speeding along at seventy. Twenty minutes later I reach my desired location, a motorway service station. As I cruise down the slip road that leads to the car park I see a sign that advertises free Wi-Fi.
The car park is only twenty or so percent full. It goes against my instinct but I would prefer there to be crowds of people, think dense crowds to become lost and anonymous in. I park as close to the main building as I can. I do this in the hope of catching the Wi-Fi signal whilst remaining in the car. I pull out the laptop and turn it on. As it boots I scan my environment. The only point of interest is the mass of road markings that cover the tarmac. In one sweep of my stare I count seven zebra crossings. Official walk zones, marked with thin yellow lines dictate where it is safe to walk. Give way markings are crammed in at every opportunity, white arrows and yellow zigzags demand something, but what I dont know. Am I safe to leave the car? Is this the watering hole of the stupid or maybe the government is communicating with aliens.
I try to connect to the internet but get no signal. I will have to enter the building. With cap tilted down and collar up I exit the car and hurry away.
I enter the foyer. All seems calm, even lazy. The foyer is a hub from which different businesses connect. The Wi-Fi zone is in a caf. Ill buy a coffee and connect to the internet. A shop window poster tempts me with the promise of a cheap Pay As You Go mobile phone. Does the staff in these places give a shit? Are we as faceless to them as they are to us, passing blobs of matter all wishing to be elsewhere?
The coffee is self-service, so I fill a large cup. Thankfully the coffee is advertised as real. I count out the exact right money and head for an empty checkout where an employee, a young woman, slim, blonde and still attractive in a sexless uniform, stands wringing her hands with a cloth. She looks at me for a beat then returns her stare to nowhere in particular. As I reach the checkout I extend the hand that holds the cash. She reciprocates and the money is exchanged. In a flick of the eye she sees all is correct. She then throws me the briefest of smiles and returns her stare to nowhere is particular. Another silent transaction. I walk away and take a seat that exposes by back to the largest view possible. Of the handful people sharing the space none can see my face.
I pull off my rucksack, remove the laptop and take five minutes to connect to the internet. Checking my new email account I see I have two new messages, both from Friends Reunited, both telling me, or rather Oakley, that Jonathan Walmsley and his cousin Reese, have sent me a message. I follow the link to my account and log on. The first message from Jonathan reads
Well bloody hell, shock news, Oakley gets social!! So you finally had therapy and it worked!! Its Jonathan Walmsley by the way. So hows life at CGG? I see your ugly mug has improved. A sad day for man. Now even scientists feel the need to take the surgeons knife. Im still in finance but dont believe the hype Im still making a bloody fortune!! Hows my old house? The one I SOLD TO YOU JUST BEFORE THE CRASH!! You still at 14 Upper Addison? Im not so far away. We should meet for dinner. When are you next in London?
The word improved has a link attached to it. I click on the link and a new page opens. As the page loads I see text which is written in Spanish. I check the domain name, CGG.com and the top of the page where an emblem featuring CGG resides. Is this their corporate website? On the page I see seven photos, portraits of men, all posed as key figures in the company. One of these photos, the second in-line, is labeled Oakley Robertson.
I pause in a moment of disbelief. Is that truly him? I move in close and stare at his face. He is smiling broadly, is well groomed, handsome and has jet black hair. His skin looks naturally tanned. He is fully suited and, I guess, aged in his early forties. He seems more an executive than scientist. If I passed him in the street I may think him a prick but evil, a man who gave the order to kill his own mother? Something in me struggles to accept, but of course this face could mask a killer and the camera can lie with ease. Evil could look like any of us, even on a good day. So this, it seems, is the man who laughs at my misery. I start to feel hate, start to feel it twitching in my eyes and face. It is not a good look for a man seeking to be anonymous. To calm my thoughts I open the second email. It reads,
Oakley, this is, Reese, your cousin. You surprise me, no actually you shock me. I have tried to contact you at work, with the obvious need to talk to you, and all I get is your silence. And now, this, on the night we learn of your mothers murder you add your details to friends reunited and ask the past to catch up with you??? What should I make of this? I know family relationships and feelings towards family members can be complicated but do you care nothing for your mother or the rest of your family? I know the police have contacted you and told you all they can. I also know that you are in the country. If you plan to attend the funeral then please get in touch. You know my fathers details, he is arranging the funeral. As of yet, due to police red tape, no date has been set, but you are officially the next of kin! You should be involved. If I hear nothing from you then I will assume no further contact is required.
He is in the country. At his house in London? I Google 14 Upper Addison London and quickly find a location. The house is in Holland Park, West London. An area certainly befitting a man of wealth.
Have I found him? If yes, so what?  What power does it give me? Could I pay him a visit and confront him? Maybe, but why, for what purpose? To beat him until he calls the police and confesses? What other evidence could I take to them? Can I afford his lawyers? Of course not, but then, think of vengeance?  What if something were to happen to him? If he was to die in suspicious circumstances. The police would then investigate him. Ask who and why. What was the motive? No sign of theft, just murder. They would investigate his life and unearth his secrets. Am I clutching at straws, sounding desperate? Maybe I am, but then on his orders, I am now forced to live.
Could I do this? Could I kill him? In theory, I could. I could kill him for me, for all his victims, past and future. I could do it to tame my anger. For the basic need to survive.
I feel an advantage, however slight but also know this advantage could quickly fail. He could after all contact his cousin for real. They could meet at the funeral. Wouldnt he go? Wouldnt he feel obliged? If I move on this I need to move quickly. Make the decision and pursue it without doubt or hesitation.
I save the street map to disk, as I do the emails, his photo and the CGG website. I need to move, to drive to London. I have no other turn to take.
Before leaving I follow the poster and buy myself a Pay As You Go mobile phone. 
CHAPTER NINE

London looks in on itself. It watches itself with digital coldness. As it draws me in the risks I take churn my thoughts. Im a wanted man on the needy streets of our capital. Cars and people swarm everywhere but as a desperate man with little to lose the crowds fail to impact on me as once they did. No claustrophobic twitches or paranoid hunch. The traffic is dense so I sit back and conform. Try to purge myself of free will. I must do what I must do. I must act as a man hustled into a situation he would never have chosen for himself. I kill, but I kill only for food.
Head down, avoid stares, do not react to sirens or car horns blasting. Ignore the clock and think only of my objective.
With the map as a guide I edge towards my desired location. Eventually I turn into the street, his street. It is wide and straight, with two long rows of three story, plus basement, terraced housing. The houses, put simply, are posh. Brown brick, skinned with Empire soot and smoke, with identical doors and windows all of which are dressed with heavy white, stone borders and cornices. All is uniform. Houses lined up on parade, shoulders back and chest out. All white is white, the latest, newest white. Even the bricks with their multitude of shades seem to merge into a single, uniform colour. The parade however is private, as I can see no street CCTV. The pathways host various trees which, untouched by spring, will provide me little cover. Parked cars edge the road and fill a majority of spaces.
I pass his house but see nothing that confirms his presence. As the street draws to a close I turn the car round and slip into a side-of-the-road parking space. A street sign warns that all parking is resident only. I take the risk, pull out my new mobile phone and pretend to make a call. I feel obvious, out of place and watched. In a public street I feel like a trespasser, but then of course I am. After all, I come here to kill.  
My plan is simple but incomplete. I have an objective but no notion of the narrative that will let me achieve it. All I can do is tune my senses to focus on my goal and set the future to no more than a second.
Time stutters by and the street remains still. Occasionally a car rolls by but no change happens, either for or against me.
Twenty minutes in and a black, Jaguar Saloon crawls calmly into the street. Approaching his house it rolls to a stop. I grab my binoculars and aim them at the car. A back door opens and out steps a man who is office dressed in a long, black overcoat. As he turns to close the door I get a clear view of his face. It is the man from the photo. Fact. Pacing up the short flight of steps that lead to his front door he pulls a set of keys from a coat pocket. In his other hand he carries a briefcase and newspaper. The Jaguar drives away. Reaching the front door he unlocks it, enters then closes the door behind him. And now? What now? I have no idea but still I pull on my black leather gloves, conceal my knife in a pocket and take from my rucksack a length of nylon cord, cord I use for making snares.
And now? What now? I struggle for a beat but then a Hackney cab splutters into the street. It stops abruptly outside the second house along. The driver, a slight and weak looking man, hurries from the cab, steps to the back door and opens it. Out steps Lady whatever. Decision made, I make my move. I pull a roll of gaffer tape from my rucksack and add it to my pockets. I then exit the car and rush the nearest flight of steps. Once hidden in the recess I stand and pretend to knock. Seconds later I hear the cab accelerate away. I turn and hurry back down the steps. Seeing the cab I fake surprise, raise a hand and flag the cab down. As it slows I step to the back door and enter my ride. Once sitting inside I pull the door shut. The driver turns to me with a smile. Before a greeting has been uttered I work a fist into his face knocking him out cold. Grabbing his flaccid arms I yank him into the back where I gag his mouth and eyes then bind his hands and feet all with the ease of gaffer tape. I then take the drivers seat and stutter the cab away.
As the street merges with another I pass what seems to be a block of flats under renovation. Scaffolding coats the entire building, several skips and portacabins fill the grounds. I make a sharp turn and jostle the taxi into the driveway. A quick scan reveals no prying eyes so I park the taxi behind a skip then deposit the driver, with a fair degree of care, in-between the skip and a hedge. Back in the taxi I head back towards the house.
The street remains still. I drive to the house and pull up in the parking space outside it. The noisy diesel engine will, I hope, alert him to my presence. Timing is crucial I dont want him coming out before I reach the door. I beep the horn. Time to go knock. In the mirror I check my face is reasonably concealed then open the door and exit. 
With head bowed I hurry up the steps. Reaching the front door I ring the bell then pull off my cap and face away from the door. A quick look at my watch reveals the time to be four eleven exactly. I hear the door open followed by a mans voice that is calm and slightly amused.
Youve got the wrong house. He says.
 I turn and face him. Seeing me a beat of confusion lights in his eyes, which is quickly followed by shock. I am recognised. I am known, completely. With certainty. Not just a man from an e-fit. This, to me, is Oakley. I lunge forward and shoulder him back into the house. As I follow time seems to vanish. When it reappears I am standing in the hall behind him, the length of cord wrapped around his neck. He is snared and I am pulling the snare to choke him. His resistance I barely notice. My focus and stare burns through space. I block out the sound and the image of my action. Soon a vague choking noise breaks the block but quickly splutters into silence. His body becomes a dead weight so I tighten the snare to the limit of my strength then meticulously count to ten. On ten I release him from the cord and he plummets to the floor, more like heavy cloth than flesh and bone. I look away from the body and glance at my watch, four thirteen, a two minute job. I feel strangely calm, a touch unsure, but strangely calm. No pounding heart or gasping breath, but then the need to flee comes rushing in. I step to the door. With hand on handle a paranoid beat forces me to stop and look behind. Scanning the hall I see it. On a sideboard I see it. Next to a newspaper and an empty vase I see it. A framed photo, a family portrait, Oakley, a woman and two young children. I freeze for a second then rush to inspect it in close-up. Can it be what it seems to be? In the emails Oakley stated he had no family. He lied, but still, I turn to the body and search for an identity. I find a phone and then a wallet. I look inside, this is not Oakley. This is Henry Brockhurst. But he recognised me. Who is Henry Brockhurst? I have no poetry. The only word I can hear in my head is Fuck! Shot out on automatic fire.
The need to flee reasserts itself. I return the newspaper as I do the wallet. I then rush to the door and with little care open it and flee. On the street my only concern is to get to the Golf. I sense people but pay no attention to who and why? Reaching the Golf I climb inside and lock the doors. As I start the engine a surge of panic nearly consumes me. I fight it and force it down. A beat of clarity gives me the sense to turn off his phone. Speeding away I have only one destination in mind. A destination that shocks me.
London on the way out is no less constipated than London on the way in. I need distance and space but I am stuck in a car that now feels as contaminated and wanted as I am. Guilt and paranoia can quickly strip you of all sense, in fact of all self. You can lose control of your thoughts. Silence can be lost never to be hooked again. I struggle for clarity. I have killed; I have murdered an innocent man. Can I rationalise this? Of course. I mean I did. I was to kill Oakley and force an investigation. Oakley being far from innocent. But now, what now? I have murdered an innocent man. But was he? Was he an innocent randomly selected, or was he something less pure? He was rich, no doubt powerful, corrupted even. Follow the money; let the stench take you to the rot. He knew me. He had knowledge of me far beyond that gained from watching the news or seeing my e-fit in the paper. Anyway, would he have the time to care for some countryside murder? Oakley wanted him dead, but why? Was his nose too deep in the trough? Had he served his useful purpose? Oakley wanted him dead and he rolled the dice that I would do it for him. Whatever the truth, I was set-up. Again, I am the fool but should I wallow in guilt? Yes, one day, maybe but now, now I must survive. I must get out of London. My face has gone national. I am losing. I need to find land. Can I make sense of this? 
Why this location? Why is it in my head? Is it weakness? A sickly need for a man I should be able to trust? Am I now not enough for myself? Is like drawing like? Are we now ever more connected? I swore we would never be as one. Maybe anger is demanding a face to touch and to blame? I must be cold, professional. Use him. He is close. Take something back. A nights sanctuary at least. No one would predict I would visit him. I passed his town on the way into London. Go there. Be practical.
My father murdered my mother. Served time for her manslaughter. I was the star witness, the silent one of course. I have watched him from a distance but he hasnt felt my presence for many years. He lives close-by and alone. This is not the time. Never is the time. Why is this in my head? Because I must do what I must do. Will I ever have the chance to see him again?
CHAPTER TEN

Reaching Essex I quickly find a space and dump the car, or rather park it legally in a busy street. In the hope some other thief may steal it and take it away I leave it unlocked with the keys in the ignition. Dusk is moving in. Ive a good four mile hike to my fathers. If anything can empty my mind it is exercise. I pace away. When the streets are empty of people I will run, when they are not, I will walk.
My father lives on the edge of town, on a small estate of newly built houses. A place for non-professionals who are swimming well with the tide. All the houses are detached and have either three or four bedrooms. None has a front garden just the largest tarmac driveway possible. I approach his house. All looks well and respectable. A BMW 3 series is parked on the drive. A light behind closed curtains hints at someones presence. I either walk on by or walk to the door and knock. On an estate like this a loitering stranger is quickly sussed.
I walk to the door and ring the bell. The door is solid, UPVC and so conceals all action behind it. I ring the bell again. Seconds pass. The door opens aggressively as if releasing a pent-up wave of confrontation. There in front of me stands my father. His eyes dance with surprise but his body remains firm and unmoved. He is smartly dressed, as he always was. He wears an open neck shirt and tailored, black trousers. Physically, he is obviously older but still well built and unafraid. His face reveals little of his past; it reveals no pain or shame. His stare gives nothing away; he could slam the door shut or welcome me in. Silence binds us. As I stare at him my hate for him refreshes itself. Finally, with a flick of the head he grants me permission to enter. I step inside, into a poorly lighted, cold, narrow hallway. As I pass him my body instinctively twists to prevent our bodys touching. He pushes the door shut and I turn to face him. The muffled sound from what I assume is a television eases our continued silence. Finally, he speaks.
You talkin?
I shake my head. He steps in close and fixes his stare onto mine. On his breath I smell whisky.
Did yer do it? 
I shake my head.
But you still need to run.
Silence. I match his stare, which for the first time in my life seems easy.
You think I believe yer? 
I shake my head. He can believe whatever he wants.
I cant believe yer, can I? I cant believe yer, cos I dont know yer! Its been too long. And anyway, youre my son, who knows what a fuck-up you are.
He laughs, genuinely amused, his stare still fixed on mine. For a second or so he stands, literally laughing in my face until his laugh cuts as suddenly as it began.
Follow me.
He steps past me and again my body quietly recoils to avoid having to touch him. He opens a door and disappears into another room. I stand still and silent. The sound coming from the television suddenly ceases to be. I hesitate, but then step forward and follow. I enter the living room. It is gently lit by two wall lights. The dcor and furniture surprise me. New, modern, coordinated furniture and the latest home entertainment gadgets style the room. It all seems rather nice, comfortable and pleasant, coordinate and blended, like he bought an entire page from some mid-range catalogue. An over-sized plasma television steals the show. On the walls hang various pictures, all of rural landscapes. I look for photos of people, family or other, but see none. He is sitting in an armchair, glass of whiskey in one hand, cigar in the other. His posture is proud and arrogant. In front of the armchair stands a glass surface coffee table on which an ashtray, a packet of cigars, a packet of cigarettes, a nearly full bottle of whiskey, a cigarette lighter and two remote controls all stand. He has seen me looking at the room and is pleased I have done so.
What do yer think? Alright, innit? What yer think, Id be livin in some shit hole? No fuckin styleFifty five year old man livin on his own, cant function. Cant use a fuckin washing machine. Its all a piece of piss really. I mean, I dont care for any of this, telly excluded obviously, but yer gotta have a certain pride, and as I say, its all a piece of piss. Buy quality, put it all together with neutral colours and hey fuckin presto, you have a fuckin nice room to get pissed inI should tell yer to take your shoes off, but once in a lifetime, hey? Take your coat off. Sit down.
I do as he says. Rucksack first then coat, placing them both on a small, decorative chair. He gestures to the second armchair and again, I do as he wishes.
Well, well, fuck me, my son. Come to visit his old man, hey? But why? This the last refuge of the desperate? You think they wont look for you here? Well yer wrong. To them youre a killer, a twisted fuck who smashes life out of sweet, old ladies. Theyll look for you every fuckin where.Nice to see you though, hey? Every cloud has a silver linin.
He laughs, mildly amused, raises his glass and tips it towards me. His stare constantly sticks to mine. He doesnt trust me. He thinks he knows my motive but cant be sure.
So, youre here for what? Food, money, drink. Hey? What? My fuckin support?
I have no answer, only stillness.
Jesus Christ, my son. Whats it been, fifteen years? What yer been up to, hey? What you achieved? Get a glass. Get a drink.
I shake my head. The two of us pissed would not be a pretty sight.
Still not talkin. What the fuck is the point of that?! Never understood it. Didnt yer wanna shout at me? Hey? Call me a cunt?!
I am calling you a cunt.
Or take a swing? That wouldve been better. Or something worse? Maybe thats why yer here. Come to do your old man, take some revenge. On a fuckin spree are yer?
He forces a laugh. Is he worried? 
Here you are, my only son, and I dont know yerWho are yer, hey? What have yer become since the last time?...Me? Your father, I aint done too badly. In fact, been thinking who the fuck am I gonna leave all this to? Ysee, I own this house, every last brick, every last spec of fuckin dust, its all mine. Plus money, cash. Theres a fair old sum stashed in the bank. Well, banks, actually, seventy five gees max, if you know what I mean? Got shares too. Ive done alright, aint I? Army, builder, prison, builder, inherit a few quid, buy to let, sell at the right time, retire! Fifteen grand, thats all I inherited and yknow somethin, thats what youre gonna get, from me. Fifteen plus inflation. See how you do, hey? See if youre better then me. Fancy yer chances, do yer? See if yer beat me
I already have and it wasnt difficult. Well, maybe until tonight.
If yer can of course. If you have the opportunity on the outside that is. Getting carried away with a bitch of a wife.
That hurts. It was meant to.
Aint the same as what you did, or didnt do. I got out, you, who knows. Fuck, youre in some shit, aint yer!
He sips his whiskey through a smug little grin.
Fuck knows where the rests gonna go, I mean once youve had your fifteen. I got no one else. Couple of ex-wives but yknow, fuck em. Theyve had enough already. No one else special in my life. What about you, got anyone special in your life? Papers say youre a loner, or loser, both I think.
I remain calm, exterior view anyway, and I keep my body still. Still, silent and passive. It may sound weak but I know he hates it. It gives him nothing to feed off. So then, he hasnt changed.
For fucks sake, cant you get a computer voice or something? Yknow, type the words in and let it speak for yer? Cos like this, you might as well be a fuckin post or somethin. A fuckin slab of concrete. Its like, yer not even a man.
Silence. He fills his glass with whiskey then takes the cigarette lighter and re-ignites the dying cigar.
Im smokin again. Yknow why? Cos I know what death is. Ive seen it. Seen it quick and seen it slow, and frankly, when it comes to me, I want it quick. I aint gonna be one of them silly bastards on the slow train in some old twats home, if yknow what I mean? And what, you gonna care for me?
Silence. A pause. He looks at me. I sense he actually wants an answer. Is he ill? He doesnt look it. He always had the constitution of an incinerator. 
Wouldnt want it, son. Wouldnt want it. Do me one thing though, promise me this, if I ever go do-lally, yknow senile, or for that matter some sort of fuckin cabbage, you have my permission to shoot me.
He laughs loudly.
Betcha cant wait? Ill give you the fuckin gun if yer want? Nah, youd prefer to see me senile, a dribblin wreck, hey?
In my time, Ive harnessed a fair amount of self control, but even I cant silence an ever-so-slight smile that accompanies the thought of my father as a full senile wreck. He sees this smile and it fuels his hate.
Whats in yer head, hey? What the fuck is in your head?! Gotta be somethin in there. Yknow, you could be a fuckin psycho! Yeah, a fuckin psycho! Thats all I need. Theyll probably blame me. Well fuck you, Ill blame yer mother! Ill sell em the truth and you can fuckin read it.
My mother, for the record was blameless. We, me and him are the guilty ones.
Your wonderful fuckin mother! You might romanticize her but heres the truth, I didnt mean to kill her, I just wanted to hurt her, and why? Ill tell yer why! Cos she was a dirty fuckin whore!
The ejector button is pressed. I fly towards him. He stands ready to fight but in less than a second I have him pinned to the floor with my right hand gripping his throat. I am strangling him, my father, and for the first time I witness in him the fear that he once inspired in me. His struggle is futile. His strength has gone. The physical presence that he once waged so effectively is now barren and old. The only force he has left is his words. Suddenly I pull my hand from his throat. 
Hurt me! Fuckin cmon, yer cunt!
No. I speak. 
We pause, looking at each until rage, unable to force its way out through his body comes rushing out through words. I reach for my rucksack. I will tie him up, gag him of course. I will then use his resources and then, when finished, I will leave him alive and alone. I am innocent and have the world to tell.
Even my father has Wi-Fi. I never feel left behind, but now, just for a second, I do. With the laptop booted I connect to the web. The Inbox delivers an email from an unfamiliar address, but one I know has come from Oakley. It reads,
Thank you, for being both simple and obvious. You make it so easy. Now, you are guilty. Enjoy life while you can.
A reply comes rushing to mind, but nothing virtual, one he will have to feel and physically touch.
I close the email and navigate to ccg.com. The site is down. Only a blank, white page is visible. The site before was a fake. Uploaded with the sole intent of fooling me, which it did with ease.
I Google cgg but find nothing of any importance. I add related words, but again, find nothing. Finally, I try ccg gordon morkot but still, find nothing. What sort of business is this silent and invisible, this closed to the public? Not one desperate for new customers, or with shareholders to please.
I search ast, the bank who issued the credit card. Results show them to be a private bank registered in a country called Lichtenstein, a small county in Europe where money goes to loose itself, a no-questions-asked tax haven.
I need a connection. All I have is a fake website. Mind you, fake or not a website still needs to be bought and built. Their virtual fingerprints must soil it somewhere, so I Google find out who owns website. Selecting the top result, I am taken to a site called whois.net. In a text field labeled Look up registration details for domain I type in ccg.com then click a button labelled search. A page opens up. The following information is revealed. The Registrant is listed as a company called CV Designs. The Administrative Contact is Philippe Veirea. A Paris address, with phone number, is also listed. I Google the phone number, a Paris address, which matches the one listed is returned.
I have a name and a destination. Of course, both will be several degrees removed from Oakley, and anyone else who matters, but at least the whiff of a scent has been caught. 
I must hunt with caution, in fact paranoia. I must assume they know, in fact can manipulate, the moves I am making to get to them.
Next I Google the list of phone numbers I took from the South Africans phone. Most are mobile numbers and reveal nothing. The one landline number, which was a number called not received, shows itself to be prefixed with the international dialing code for Malta. Further investigation reveals the number to be for the headquarters of a charity called Reach, a charity offering help and advice to mainly African migrants who illegally find their way into Malta. A news article that mentions them reads,
A migrant flood has overwhelmed the tiny sun-splashed island nation of Malta over the past five years, stirring charges of human-rights violations, taxing the nations tiny navy and fueling xenophobia. 
The rocky archipelago, about 55 miles off the coast of Sicily, is best known as a tourist destination. But the start of summer brings mostly African migrants, crossing the Mediterranean in rickety overcrowded boats, on their way to seeking a better life in Europe. Boatloads appear almost daily.
All of a sudden we saw quite a phenomenon; hundreds and hundreds of migrants started appearing in our waters, said Lt. Col. George Frendo, the officer in charge of Malta's air, land and sea operations.
Malta's embattled government made a fresh plea last week for EU assistance after the military detained another 28 illegal migrants and Interior Minister Tonio Abela warned that hundreds of others were dying trying to reach Europe. 
The situation right now is a complete mess, its a free for all, he told his EU counterparts, days after immigrants whose boat capsized were left clinging to a fishing net for three days while Mediterranean nations argued over who was responsible for them.
For migrants who reach this 122-square-mile outcropping of limestone and medieval fortifications, where more than 1,900 people reside per square-mile and jobs are scarce, the relief of survival is quickly followed by the realization that the journey is over.
Upon arrival, migrants deemed to be from "safe" countries like Egypt or Morocco are immediately deported, but the rest spend up to a year and a half locked in detention centers while their cases are assessed. A controversial charity, called Reach, which has been set-up to offer help and legal advice to the migrants, has claimed treatment of the migrants has contravened European human rights legislation. 
Is this connected? Can it bring me as close as the website can? For now, I think no.
Who is Henry Brockhurst, why did Oakley want him dead? I search the London news and find the story breaking. A headline reads Hedge fund manager murdered at home. The motive for the killing is reported as theft. I Google henry brockhurst hedge fund but quickly draw a blank. Not a problem, as surely the press will investigate for me.
My decision is made. I must somehow get to Paris. After printing a map of the Paris address I search the house for extra resources, for cash and food. I find and take 450, two tins of tuna and two tins of beef stew. 
I leave the house, sneak silently out. Dad, I leave; dont even grab a final look. Ive had my fill. Its business now. If he sees me gone hell do his best to free himself. I need time, a good few hours before the police are told of my visit. As I walk away, I conclude to tell no one of his situation, never, ever. He can sit and wait, wait for someone to come. Maybe no one ever will, but then, maybe he needs to witness that.
The sharp night air snaps at my senses. The sky is free of cloud. The moon is full, but the stars barely shine, dimmed by the fog civilization.
How do I get to France? First step Dover, or the surrounding coast. My plan is simple, stupid even, steal a boat and sail there. First though, first I must steal a car.
CHAPTER ELEVEN

Stealing a car, an old one anyway, is easy, but a boat? The journey to the coast has made me think my plan is naive. My knowledge of boats is limited. Quite a few fishing trips out to sea, but not once did I take the helm. So can I, the coastal voyeur, the daytrip fisherman, win against an angry sea? Can ignorance navigate a knowing tide? Even if I do manage to hotwire a boat, and why would I, I never have before, do I just point it forwards and hope for the best?
I reach a town called Deal. Nearing the town centre I park and leave the car. With midnight close, the streets are silent and free. I hurry away and head for the front. Listening for the sea I quickly catch its rhythm. Its mood seems contented, at ease with itself. An old friend permits a sliver of hope.
My plan is now one of improvisation, one of need and desperation. I cross the road to the promenade. The sea is only heard, as the black of pure night cloaks it completely. At the edge of the promenade I look down, and with my torch pointing, punch a hole through the darkness. Five feet below I see a circle of shale beach. I edge the light forwards and quickly touch the sea. Twenty metres ahead of me, it draws closer with every breath. It comes to welcome me. Now offer me a ride.
With torch probing the beach, I pace along the promenade. Knowing the tide has yet to fully return my plan is simple, to find a fishing boat, one of those that lye dead on the beach, waiting for the tide to return it to life. Soon a cluster of such boats is caught in the beam. I jump down onto the beach and head for the nearest. A quick inspection fills my knowledge. The boat is made of wood, is about twenty foot long and has a cabin at the front. I haul myself on board and step to the cabin. A locked door blocks my path so I kick it open. Inside I pause, confused and lost. My only beat of inspiration is to press every button, which I do, twice, but nothing starts, no engine fires, no instruments shine. Like some discontented customer I turn and leave. I will take my business elsewhere. To the next boat I hurry. Falling from the boat my feet hit the shale and then, nothing, I vanish.
CHAPTER TWELVE

I crawl calmly out of my sleep with a yawn and a slow, growing stretch. I am at peace, lying face down on a vinyl, padded seat that runs the length of my body. Reality then enters without knocking. I feel, then see, my right arm chained to the wall. I am a prisoner and this is my cell. As information floods in, I stand and hone my senses. 
The room is small and cramped, the two birth galley of a boat that is steaming gently ahead. A closed door is beyond my reach. The only noise, a low revving diesel engine mixed with the sound of displaced water rushing out of the way. I pull at the chain to free myself but quickly and knowingly fail. My instinct now is simple, kick at the wall. Let my captor hear I live. Let them sink with the cat in the bag. I lash out and boot the wooden hull. It holds, so I kick again with added force and violence. The door flies open. I stare at a man, a Sailor Man. He speaks,
Is that the best plan you got, son? Well carry on, cos Im a fuckin good swimmer.
He looks at me without fear, or even concern. His laidback voice and loose, casually held body seem disconnected from his deep, intense stare. His age is mid-forties. Physically he looks healthy, with a thick-set strength forged by work not leisure. His face wears the trials of life with a rugged, contented ease. His body surfs the rocking boat, absorbing all movement. His presence commands calm, if not obedience.
Im taking you to France. Youre paying me of course, but then, I know who you are, Samuel Dean.
Clear, simple information that serves only to confuse me.
I knocked you out. A fist for the trespass, then something a little stronger to get you on-board and us awayHere. 
He throws me a key, which I clumsily catch.
Free yourself, but look at me.
I look him in the eye. His voice seems almost throw-away but his stare carves his words deep into time and memory. 
Make one move against me, and I promise you, I will kill you.
I believe him. I trust him. I have no other option. I must live in the seconds. 
I unlock the padlock, the chain falls from my wrist. The Sailor Man places my rucksack on the table.
Your possessions. Minus 400, which Ive taken as my fee. A fair, honest price, I think youll agree.
I nod. He helps me, a man accused of a terrible crime, and he frees me for 400.
Shall I answer your question? He says.
I look at him. What question?
Im helping you. You. What sort of scum are you? Why should I help you? Well, tell me, are you guilty, Sam?
I shake my head
Good. I believe you.
How can he believe me? No one can read the truth or detect a lie told. People think they can but they cant. If we could, how long would we last?
Do you believe that? Do you believe I believe you didnt do it? Or do you think, maybe rightly, that Im a man who simply doesnt give a shit?
I shrug. I have no answer. He smiles. 
Do you think youll need a weapon, Sam?
From under his coat he pulls a handgun, an automatic with a matt black finish. I answer honestly, I nod my head. He tosses me the gun. I catch it with firm, steady hands.
Its loaded. The safety catch is on, but other than that, its ready to use.
More confusion, clogging my thoughts.
Take it. Youll be doing me a favour. If you dont, Ill have to give it to the sea.
He turns and exits through the door. My stare finds the gun. Questions try and enter my mind but I solidly refuse them access. Forcing action, I put the gun in my coat pocket then grab my rucksack, which looks and feels correct. I slip it on then sit and wait, my stare fixed to the door. After several seconds, without thought or reason, I pull the gun from my pocket, find the safety switch and push it to the off position. The feel of the switch, and the sound of the click are solid and somehow satisfying. I return the gun to my pocket, where it and my hand, continue their embrace.
The door opens and the Sailor Man returns.
All on course. Twenty minutes and youre away on to landDo you know France?
I shake my head.
Well dock out of sight, close to a town called Grand-Fort-PhilippeDo you have a plan?
I shake my head.
Nothing? Good. Improvise.
He sits opposite me. A small table separates us. He stares at me calmly, without a hint of self-consciousness. Two strangers, men at that, staring at each other in silence. Neither feeling awkward nor needing a prop such as a drink or a cigarette.
I know France. I served in the Legion, the Foreign Legion. Served for a full ten years. Not that they take mutes, or murders from across the channel, so dont think Im offering you an option. Im just telling you something about myself, thats allI served in the Legion, other forces too. Had a few sticky fingers in a few sticky pies. Some for profit, others not. Theres a surprising amount of opportunity out there for men like me, and you.
Meaning what, I wonder. Who does he think I am?
Did the quiet life suit you, Sam?
With stillness I refuse an answer.
Silence, is good. Underrated. Its an asset. Look after itYou know, I couldve left you on the beach, took your money anyway, but I didnt, you know why?
I nod, as if I know, but I dont.
Unfinished business.
He grabs the collar of his shirt and coat, pulls it down and exposes a six inch scar running from his lower neck to his upper chest.
Unfinished business. Finished now though. Completely dead. Anyway, we better get you to France.
He stands, pulls a business card from a back trouser pocket and places it on the table.
Take this, theres a phone number on it. If youre desperate, use it. Send a text. You might find it useful. But only if youre desperate, hey.
He steps away and exits through the door. I grab and examine the business card. It is a blank, white, devoid of any print. The number on it is hand written in black biro. I have no intention of calling the number, but I keep the card anyway.
The night is calm and peaceful, the sea completely at ease. As the boat brushes against a jetty I step off and land in France. Once again I am alone and feeling in control. Having already bid farewell to the Sailor Man I pace quickly away. Darkness prevents certainty but ahead of me seems to be a deserted slice of rural coastline. 
The land of France is new to me, but the language I know well. My mother was Spanish. Before she met my father she criss-crossed Europe working in various hotels. She learnt several languages with ease and passed them on to me. My Mother, if only she could see me now, if only she could see the waste.
My plan is simple, steal the first car I can and use it to drive to Paris.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN

I have speed. Another car stolen. Another mark against my name. The country A-road I drive along is deserted. I am the lone commuter winning and losing the rat race. In the distance a traffic sign shines, its message to small to read. I slam on the brakes and screech to a halt. Stepping out of the car I check to confirm my solitude then pull the gun from my pocket. I have used guns before, shotguns, air-rifles and pistols, all of which seem quaintly amateur in comparison to this.
Holding it, I look to the sign, and take aim. It feels darker, more seductive then any gun I have held before. It fits my hand perfectly, it wears me well. I steady my line of sight then firmly squeeze the trigger. A bullet fires and rages towards its prey. All is easy and undramatic, a simple tool for the fearful masses, for me, myself and I.
I pick the spent shell from the tarmac, put it in my pocket then slip back into the car.
At the road sign a bullet hole scores me a kill. 
I take the quickest route to Paris. No county or scenic view. I choose the blank, peaceful monotony of motorway travel.
Paris welcomes me in silence. The city is mine. I am alone is the city of romance. It is 4.10am and the deserted streets guide me effortlessly towards my destination.
The address I seek is in the Paris 3 district, which seems several rungs removed from the chic and glamorous. Not quite the underbelly, but the first stop in, and the last stop out. The narrow streets are walled-in by tall, three to five story buildings, which stretch as far as the eye can see. Rows of parked cars, all pointing the same way, further enclose the space. At the ground floor level commerce greets the eye, above this, live the people.
I park the car. Dare I call myself lucky? The good chance was mine to steal a small hatchback, which fits smugly into the only space available. With a tentative pause, and mild sense of trespassers guilt, I exit the car and get my first smell of Paris. All I can say, is that today must be the day the bin men do their business. With map in hand I hunt for the building. The address must relate to an apartment or office, either way, a two door entry. Discreet and stern looking doors stand scattered between the shop fronts. Some have numbers above or to the side, others do not. The building I seek is number 138. I find it and quickly concede to the door, a single, solid wooden slab that is beyond its prime but still sufficient, like an old prize-fighter earning cash to bounce, its form and reputation enough to keep the peace. Entry is by electronic keypad. It will take more than brute force to defeat it. I will wait for the day, so hurry away in need of air and exercise. 
Back in the car, watching and waiting with a monotone focus. Slowly the city opens for business. At 8.15am I pick up my phone and call the number taken from the whois information. It rings only twice, then is answered by a man who, in French, speaks calmly and with a professional tone.
Hello, Philippe Veirea.
I cancel the call. So hes in, but how to get to him? I realise I know so little. How does he plead, is he guilty or innocent? Is he a stooge or an active player? Will he recognize me? Of course, this could all be a trap, my presence predicted or known. My aim is to get into the apartment and look for clues. My plan to achieve my aim, unknown.
The discreet, stern doors start releasing the workers. A man dressed casually exits door 138. I pick up the phone and call the number. Philippe answers with calm and grace, rudely I cut him off.
Increasingly the street fizzes with people. I start to feel exposed as various stares take time to acknowledge the car and me. A well built man in an expensive suit enters a caf and takes a window seat. His line of sight is naturally inclined towards the door 138. Is this his mission? Does he too watch and wait? 
My stare flitters from one man to the next, with the question, does he fit, following closely behind. I touch my coat and feel the gun snuggled in my pocket.
Door 138 flies open. A man, dressed cheaply for the office, dashes impatiently away. I make the call, Philippe answers, still calm and polite. Two young men walk lazily towards the building. Their tired, grinning faces talk of a night to remember. As they reach the prize fighter one changes his mind, turns and saunters across the road, towards a bakery. I take my chance. A prop would be nice but nothing comes to mind. On the off-chance I reach into the back of the car and pull the backseat down. In the boot I see boxes, presents wrapped. I stretch further in and pull them out, two large boxes and three smaller ones. The pink, High School Musical happy birthday wrapping paper tells me all I need to know. The tears of a child to add to the list.
I exit the car, open the back door and pile the presents on top of each other. The party guy exits the bakery. In a white paper bag he patiently carries his breakfast. I pick up the presents and close the door. Held just right they conceal my face. To 138 I hurry. My timing is just about perfect, the race is a draw. He looks at me with a hazy grin, and without thinking, taps in the security code. Seeing the presents he speaks.
American shit, but kids, what can you do?
I smile in agreement. He pulls the door open and waves me in. Door number one is breached. I enter the ground floor. To press my legitimacy I confidently head for the stairs, and quickly consume the first flight. A casual glance behind confirms the party guy follows. I slow my pace, pretending the presents need more concentration than they actually do. As I reach the top of the second flight I snatch a glimpse of the party guy, he has left the stairs for the corridor. Alone, I continue to the next floor, the floor where Philippe resides, but then, what? Bang the door, let him open it then knock him out? Too crude, too exposed, for now at least.
My interior is grey and cold. Metal stairs and wooden floors announce every step taken. Echoes wait to trap and return any sound that tries to quickly fade. I stand in no mans land, midway up the third flight of stairs, my stare and concentration flicking between Phillips door, and hunting for signs of people approaching.
Ten minutes crawl slowly by. Plans, or rather hopes, form in my mind. Echoes tell of people leaving, fortunately all from below. The urge to move closer takes me. I reach his door and pass it. At the foot of the next door along I dump the presents. Stepping back to his door temptation prods me, knock the door and punch him. I resist the act and take reward, a noise, the flick and slide of a security chain. As I step away towards the presents, my hand grabs for the phone. The door is pulled open. I hit the redial button. A man half emerges from the door until pulled back by the call of a ringing phone. He spits a word, one unfamiliar to me, but of course my mother never taught me to swear. I make a dash for the door. My foot saves the close. Without hesitation I push the door ajar and slip inside. A small hallway. Three doors, to my left, right and ahead. The right door, which is open, leads to a bathroom. I slide inside, twist behind the door and hide. The phone is answered. I instantly cut the call. He spits the word for second time, then paces out of the apartment. The door slams shut. I pause and listen, anticipating surprises. His footsteps trail an echo down the stairs, through the door and out. Silence. Door number two is breached. 
I continue to stand, still and silent, eying my watch for a minute to pass. With the time dispatched I creep out of the bathroom and into the hall. Through the door opposite I find a small kitchen, which contains no surprises. Through the third door I enter the main living space, which is a bedroom and living room all in one. The dcor is stylish, well kept and precisely placed. The air is scarred by the stench of cigarettes. A bright red, two-seater sofa faces a neatly made double bed that is draped in a silky, purple bedspread. The dark wood floor tiles shine, glossed with polish, and creak with pressure. The only carpet, which is red, separates the bedroom area from the rest of the room. The only window, which faces the door, is partly covered by wooden shutters. I take a peek though it but see no way to escape. I step to the bed, lift the bedspread but see no space to hide. A home office space comprising of: a corner desk, a LCD monitor and computer, a keyboard, laptop, phone, camcorder and printer, fills one corner of the room. Shelves above hold various files, magazines and books. Above the door is a mezzanine floor on which stands a single bed, armchair and stereo. This I conclude is my only hiding place if needed or interrupted. 
What exactly am I looking for? What in fact can I find?  I have little idea so I move to the desk. The LCD monitor is on stand-by, I turn it on and a desktop page appears. With the computer booted I activate Outlook and watch two Spam emails fill an empty Inbox. In the Deleted Folder I find several dozen emails one of which, delivered yesterday, reads:
All details for website attached. To go live ASAP! An hour max. Domain name ggc.com, you registered this for us a while ago. Further instructions will follow. I assume your bank details are unchanged.
I open the attached Word file and see the text and photos used on the cgg website. He built the site and registered the domain name. So what? It doesnt mean hes part of the crime. Who sent the email? I look at the address, a hotmail account which tells me nothing.
Next to the mouse a notepad catches my eye. I see written on it: a Paris address, todays date and the time, 10am.
I look at the other deleted emails. All they reveal, or rather confirm, is that Philippe is a web designer working from home. I have his website and contact details. His clients include a hair salon, a driving school and a tattoo parlor. My instinct tells me he knows nothing of me, or my predicament. 
And now, what now? Find and search his accounts. Hes worked for them before so maybe an invoice exists that could tell me more. 
Five minutes into my search and I have found nothing of interest. Six minutes into my search and a noise outside the front door grabs my attention. The sound of metal on metal, a key violating an unfamiliar lock. I switch off the monitor then, taking no chances, rush to, and climb the ladder that leads to the mezzanine floor. As I reach the top I hear the front door open then quickly close. I pull the gun from my pocket. A space behind the bed offers me a place to hide. I step to it and sink to the floor. The wooden bed frame clears the floor by four inches, and allows me a limited, and slightly exposed, view of the living space below. 
Footsteps sound, coming my way, ever closer. A mans voice, speaking in French, is heard.
Im in. Hes yoursWhen Ive cleaned up hereNo, nothingIs the eye watching?...How dullNot my style, mother-fuckerYeah, you should wish.
A man enters my line of sight. In one hand he carries a motorcycle helmet, in the other, a mobile phone. He looks serious, to the point of being miserable and unpleasant. Physically, the weigh-in is even. He wears blue jeans, black leather gloves and a black, leather motorcycle jacket that looks far too new to be cool. His hair is long and dark, his face denied a morning shave. He places the helmet and phone on the desk, then pulls off the gloves with a strange sense of aggression, yanking at them as if compelled to use too much force. As he tosses them on to the desk he snaps his head back and urgently stretches his throat, as if compelled to do so.
Turning to survey the room he casts a contemptuous eye over all he sees. This job it seems is beneath him. Catching sight of the notepad next to the mouse he grabs it, studies the top page for a beat then, with a brief, smug grin, tosses it into his helmet. I see his hands are skinned with a pair of latex rubber gloves. Turning the LCD monitor on, he sits at the desk and begins working at the computer.
Clean up? Is this them? Clean up Philippe? Why did he remove the notepad? Have they arranged to meet Philippe at the address? For what? To clean him up? To kill him? 
Philippe, I think is a web designer, pure and simple. Why would they need to kill him? Why would they take the risk? Attention to detail? Ruthless attention to detail? Remove all risk? Erase all loose ends?
They think I am coming. Is the eye watching? Watch the apartment on the off-chance. Clean up all evidence, however slight, that connects Philippe with them. Arrange to meet Philippe and clean him up too?
The man suddenly stands, and with a fuck-it attitude, paces away towards the hall. Decision made, I stand and step to the stereo, which is plugged in and left on stand-by. The volume is set to medium so I slide the switch to zero, then turn the stereo on. An LCD display flashes a graphic that tells me a CD is loading. I aim and ready the gun. Footsteps sound, approaching from the hall. The man, mug in hand and unlit cigarette in mouth, enters my line of sight. I snap-slide the volume to full. A sonic boom of techno music explodes into the room, and pounds into the man, spinning him around to face me. Aiming for his body I pull the trigger. The gun fires a bullet, and his face explodes. I cut the volume to zero. I stand, listening. Normality continues. I hear no panic or confusion. I am, for now, unnoticed.
I stare at the kill, its face torn off, its head seemingly gorged by something wild. In this moment of time I feel nothing. Felt worse shooting rabbits. Another link on the chain smashed free.
The need to move rushes in. I slide down the ladder and step to the kill, where I rip the leather jacket from its body. The pockets yield no clues, no wallet or weapon, just a key, embossed with the word Honda, and a metal device, which I guess is a lock pick, both if which I keep.
At the computer I check to see what the kill was up to. The email regarding the website has been deleted, other than that, what can I know? I check the time, 9.10am; Philippe meets them at 10am. I Google the address. The location is a caf situated in a district I passed on my way to the apartment. I study a map, memorising the directions.
Taking the kills phone I search all records for numbers, as I find them I write them down. When finished, I take out my phone and take several photos of the kill in the room. I then create a text message to Philippe,
 You are in danger. The people you meet want you dead. Run and stay away. 
Selecting the photo that will best show Philippe a dead man in his apartment, I attach it to the message then save it to send later.
The motorcycle jacket fits me well. I zip it up, slip on my rucksack then pull on the gloves. I think about taking his trousers and boots, but quickly reconsider. The helmet is a touch too small, but with a firm pull just about fits.
When Philippe half emerged from his apartment I saw he was wearing jeans and a beige coloured jacket, but I did not see his face. A quick look around the room reveals a framed photo of, what looks like, father and son. Both look proud and respectful. I memories the face of the son then make my move out of the apartment, down the stairs, on to the street and into the open.
Without looking for the eye, or anyone suspicious, I head straight for a motorbike and moped parking zone that I passed on my way to the apartment. 
Amongst a row of a dozen or so low rent mopeds and scooters beams a Honda CBR600 sports motorcycle, a beast of a bike, not for the subtle or faint-hearted. Convinced its my ride I walk straight to it. Reaching it, I climb on-board and take a few moments to acclimatise. With the key in the ignition I start the engine, which wakes with a low, warming rumble. Ive ridden plenty of motorbikes but nothing as savage as this. Anyway, best policy when entering the unknown, get on with it, just do it and do it quickly. I kick the bike into gear and pull away in character, at full, arrogant throttle.
A willingness to accept danger can somehow make you feel secure. I glide along the avenues and boulevards effortlessly consuming all in my way. The high level of concentration needed confuses time and I reach my destination as if pushed through a void.
At the mouth of the street I pull up and park in an allotted space. Keeping the helmet on I pace away from the broad, open space of a boulevard and enter the darker, narrower and more densely populated street. Locals flow smoothly along; backpacked tourists add stickiness and do their best to clog my path. I pull off a glove then retrieve and ready my phone.
Forty metres ahead, and on the other side of the street, the caf comes into view. From it a single row of tables and chairs has begun to invade the sidewalk. Standing over a table is Philippe and Andrew. Philippe gulps down the final mouthful of coffee a cup has to offer, whilst Andrew looks for something approaching in the distance.
I activate the phone and send the message. Andrew finds what hes been looking for, a black Audi Saloon that pulls up five or so metres away from the caf. He speaks to Philippe and gestures to the car. I remove the helmet, cover my lower face with my scarf, and then quicken my pace. Philippe pulls his phone from a pocket. Andrew places a polite hand on Philippes shoulder and guides him towards the Audi. Pinpointing my location with a single turn of the head Andrew looks at me with a blank, empty stare, without any sense of recognition.
A solid slab of shoulder purposefully rams into me. Turning to make eye contact with the aggressor, I see a man in his early thirties, styled as a clone of Andrew, who meets my stare without fear or emotion. Behind him, two more such clones pace ever closer. In the near distance sirens sound. I turn and look at the caf. In the background I see Andrew reach the Audi. Behind him Philippe follows, his stare fixed to his phone. In the foreground two more clones move to encircle me. The sirens draw closer. Philippe reaches the Audi and hesitates. Patting his pockets he looks back at the table. Andrew opens the back door and returns the guiding hand to Philippes shoulder. I glance behind; the three clones loiter with a passive-aggressive menace. 
I pull the gun from the side jacket pocket and in an instant deliver a bullet into each of their bodys. As pandemonium erupts around me I turn and hunt the clones behind. Each one crumples to the ground as a bullet pulls them from life. I look up and see Andrew watching, his stare recognising me now. He tries to jostle Philippe into the Audi, but with his nerves already fired, Philippe slips his hold and flees. I too take my cue and run. I turn and sprint back towards the bike. All stickiness has gone; I now repel all those around me. A glance behind reveals Andrew pulling away in the Audi.
As I reach the bike I slam on the helmet and stuff the gun back inside the pocket. And now? What now? I start the bike and feverishly speed away. 
As my fame recedes so does the temptation to flee the city. Instinctively looking for the familiar I find myself speeding back the way I came. Nearing Philippes apartment I turn into a deserted side street, pull up and park. In the distance sirens scream chaos. I dismount the bike and walk steadily away. Ahead of me a commercial sized rubbish bin blocks the pavement. I remove my helmet and feed it to the bin. With phone in hand, I type a message to Philippe.
Stay away from your apartment. They may track you from your phone. Dont trust the police. Soon I hope to explain.
I send the message then drop the phone through a drain, into the solitary bliss of the sewers. 
Turning into the street that leads to Philippes building I watch the people, the shoppers and the caf dwellers, for any sign of recognition. Fortunately news travels fast and I, the real story, slip by unnoticed and unobserved. Reaching the building I tap in the security code, open the door and enter. Running up the stairs I slip off my rucksack and reach inside for the lock pick. Approaching Philippes door I see the presents have vanished. Using the pick I easily and quickly achieve entry.
Inside all remains as I left it. I move to the window and peep outside. Nothing I see concerns me. Pacing to the desk I pull off the motorcycle jacket and discard it next to the kill. At the desk I grab the camcorder then return to the window. With a watchful eye on the street below, I fumble with the camcorder and eventually get it working. Filming the kill I test shoot a few seconds of footage then play it back to confirm all is working. With this confirmed, I place the camcorder on a bedside cabinet and position it to film as much of the room as possible. Next I remove the laptop from my rucksack, boot it up and connect to the web via Philippes Wi-Fi connection. As the Inbox fills I return to the window and see what I thought I would, a black Audi saloon pulling up outside the building. A back door opens. Andrew ejects himself from the back and fires himself towards the building. The Audi, denied a place to park, crawls slowly away.
I rush to the camcorder and press record. I then grab the laptop, close it and put it in my rucksack. Pacing to the bathroom I slip on the rucksack and pull out the gun. Inside the bathroom I leave the door wide open and conceal myself behind it.
A loud, confident knock on the front door. A ten second pause followed by the exact same knock. A five second pause followed by the sound of metal on metal. The door opens then quickly closes. Footsteps pace down the hall and into the main living area. A beat or two of silence followed by Andrews cold, agitated voice.
Hes dead. We need to clean-upBecause we can! Five dirty, one clean it still makes sense to meWell have to take the riskAfter the last text I hardly think hes coming back, do you?! Send them in, Ill wait.
Hell wait, for a team, for back-up. Do I risk remaining unnoticed and filming more evidence, or do I walk away and take my winnings?
Footsteps rap against the floor, approaching me but then veering into the kitchen. I make my move, gun aimed and ready. I creep from my hiding place and position myself in the hall. The kitchen door swings open and out steps Andrew. Seeing me he casually comes to a stop. His body remains lose and unafraid. He throws me a friendly smile then starts to clap his leather clad hands.
Samuel Dean, let me applaud you, Samuel Dean! Let me give you praise. I mean, youre a nuisance, for sure, but a first class fuckin nuisance, if there ever was one!
Using the gun I gesture for him to get down on the floor, a gesture he blindly ignores.
Do you know who we are, Sam? Stupid question, of course you dont. Nobody knows who we are. We are nothing you, or anyone else, can ever find, or know!
He takes a single step towards me narrowing the distance between us to two metres. Im sure hes had a gun in his face before, and Im sure hes been trained to fight.
Justice doesnt seek us. The authorities cannot investigate us. Nothing can stick to us. Whatever you think you are doing, or initiating, however you think you are progressing, you are deluding yourself. In fact, all you are doing is building the case for your own psychopathic insanity. You, Sam, you are the killer that justice seeks! We are nothing, we are completely invisible!
I repeat the gesture to get down on the floor. 
No. Shoot me or make me, but I will stand!
He takes another subtle step towards me. I aim the gun at his leg fully intending to fire.
Wait!
He half-heartedly raises his hands just above his head.
Whatever you want, Sam. I know you mean it. I know youve got the taste for killing. Its easy now. The taste is sweet. At first, it is acid on the tongue, isnt it? But now, its a sweet, tasty treat. So enjoy it, before the blandness. Before it gets blander and blander, until finally, the taste is nothing, its tasteless, too easy to swallow. Whats your score by the way? How many men have you killed? Tell me. You could join a club of mine.
He booms out a burst of quick fire laughter. Again I repeat the gesture.
Cant I stand? Ill face away from you. Shoot me or knock me out. Question me, Sam. Ask me some questions. What is it you want to know?
He turns his back on me. Hes stalling, planning something. Waiting for his back-up to save him, or a chance to fight me. I pull the trigger and shoot him dead. With the noise of gunfire ringing in my ears I step straight into action. I search his pockets and find an automatic handgun with silencer attached, a mobile phone and a wallet containing euros, pounds and a CCG corporate credit card. I think about discarding the phone but instead turn it off and put it, along with the wallet, into a pocket.  
With guns in hand, I pace to the window and take a look outside. An ambulance parks, at an unhurried pace, in a no parking zone close to the building. Once stationary two men, ambulance men in uniforms, exit the ambulance, one from the front and one from the rear. The man from the rear hands the other a large, well packed, holdall bag then re-enters the back of the ambulance. A few seconds later he re-emerges carrying a light weight portable stretcher. After closing the rear door they stroll towards the building. The indicators on the ambulance flash twice to show the doors have been locked remotely. Is this the clean-up team? I can only assume it is.
I stuff my gun into my belt then, removing my rucksack, pace to and grab the camcorder, which I turn off and place inside the rucksack. Slipping the rucksack back on I return to the hall and open the front door, leaving it slightly ajar. I then drag Andrews body into the main living area and dump it next to the kill. Finally I dash back to the bathroom where I stand hidden, examining Andrews gun. Seeing the safety catch is enabled I turn the switch to the off position.
The front door creeks open. A mans voice quietly speaks.
Go.
Bodies rush into the hall and pass the bathroom. I step out and see the ambulance men about to leave the hall and enter the main living area. I aim the gun and pull the trigger. Another two men are pulled from life. The silencer does its job well. I search their pockets and find a vehicle key. Putting the gun in a pocket I head for the door and exit.
In the corridor all is still. I close the door and pace quickly away, down the stairs and out into the street, where sirens continue to swirl and wail. People pass, stand and talk but none show alarm or concern for a gunshot heard. As I reach the ambulance I remotely unlock its doors. A quick glance around reveals no prying eyes so I open the drivers door and climb inside, into my carriage, my ride to free me from the city.
A part of me wants to burst into laughter. I breeze through the city with barely an interruption. The sirens repel all in my way. The laughter, however, remains untapped.
Having cleared the city I pull up in a lay-by. My next move is undecided. Am I any closer to Oakley? Have I stepped towards the truth? Unable to think of an answer I pull Andrews phone from my pocket, find the correct button and turn it on. Expecting it to ring my stare loiters on its screen, but I receive only silence for my time. On the screen an icon catches my eye, a message unread? I navigate to the inbox and find a message from someone called Spitz. It reads,
Remember who you answer to. We may be one, but we are not the same.
Is this important? Messages. Discarding the phone on to the dashboard I take the laptop, boot it up and check the emails that were uploaded while in the apartment, each and everyone is Spam. Snapping the laptop shut Andrews phone sizzles into life, vibrating with an in-coming call. I grab the camcorder, turn it on to record, and then bring it to the phone and my ear. I answer the call and hear the calm, self-satisfied voice of Oakley.
Sam?.Silence.So, let me assume its youSam, all this fuss, all this drama and complication. You want me, well here I am. Let me give you my address, let me tell you where I am, Sea View, The Mount, Mgarr, Malta. I repeat, Sea View, The Mount, Mgarr, Malta. The biggest, whitest house you can see from the village. Im here now, at home. Its a beautiful day. Clear blue skies and crisp, blue seas. Visit me. I have a funeral to attend in a week or so but until then, Im all yours. I will clear my diary for you! In fact, either you arrive within 72 hours or, on the hour every hour, someone will die Who? God knows. Just some random man or woman, selected somehow, from somewhere. No one important or close to you. Just another average human being found to be clogging up the earth. Some will welcome it, others will not. Anyway, there it is. Simple. You want me, and now, you know exactly where I am. See you soon, Sam.
The line goes dead. I stop the camcorder recording, rewind and check to see if his voice was captured. It was. Nothing conclusive, but still, another link fixed to the chain.
Hes done well, a good move on his part. They want control and thats how to do it. The bastards. Give me a destination. Make me predictable. I saved Philippe, so what; they think this is my weakness? Give me a timeframe, achieve it or we will prod you where it hurts. Is he there, probably, I mean, why not? What risk is it to them? All the risk is mine. I must rush there risking exposure and capture from the police and whoever. And anyway, how do I get there and more importantly, how do I leave? Its an island close to the middle of nowhere. Where can I run, where can I hide? Even if I get there, they know Im coming, all they have to do is wait and plan. But I want him. I want him to see me, to smell me. I want him never to forget my greeting, or for that, my departure.
Weakness, have no weakness. Rationalise it all away. Create your own morality. Blame the greater good. To kill on the hour, every hour. Would they? Who the fuck are they?! We are nothing you or anyone else can ever find. Well, how true is that? How much of them are Oakley? Do they stop with him, or go beyond him? Would they really kill as they promise to?
Control, they control me, but I must fight to keep the lead ever slack. I should disappear and wait. I should remain unpredictable. But then, what wilderness is left to accommodate me? This is the wilderness. Live or die. Never find peace. 
It was never going to be easy. What is their weakness? They dont expect to lose, and mine, I dont laugh anymore. In my favour, I could never survive prison. Do I have an advantage? Surprise. The quicker I get there the better. My only chance is speed.
Andrews phone is state-of-the-art, one of those new Smartphones that are starting to become desired. I fiddle with it and soon get it connected to the web. I search for and find the website of my local newspaper. The headline story is an interview with Oakley. Hes made an impassioned plea for me, the killer, to give myself up. He is described as the broken son, who after years of separation was starting to rebuild his fractured relationship with his estranged, but loved, Mother. He will attend the funeral, and will fly in from his home, in Malta. 
Seventy two hours. I will visit him. No more virtual communication. 
Using Google Maps I memorise a rough route then turn off the phone and accelerate away.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN

The E15 Autoroute tumbles by. The ambulance and its siren shield me from the crowds, and cut me through the tollgates. Seven police cars cross my path, none of which care to notice my presence. My plan is simple, drive through France and Italy, make the short crossing to Sicily, then hire, or steal a ride to Malta. 
Two hours pass and my thoughts remain focused, without drift or indulgence. Four hours pass and the sagging fuel gauge breaks my cocoon. 
A road sign directs me towards a petrol station. I pull up and park by the Air Hose. Of the three cars parked at the pumps only one is being filled. A tanned, slim, man, drenched in expensive arrogance, and still fresh in his twenties leans nonchalantly on a BMW M6. With pump in hand, he lovingly satisfies its thirst. Once quenched, he returns the pump, closes the petrol cap with a delicate twist, then saunters away to pay. His hands are empty, and the car remains silent. Are the keys left in the ignition?! The ambulance has served me well, but is damaged goods, and will offer no advantage when driving through Italy. Opportunity or risk? A theft that will be far from subtle, but still, if speed is my main objective.
I scoop up my belongings then scramble from the ambulance. With little attempt to conceal my intentions I pace to the M6 and peer though the driver-side window. The key dangles from the ignition. I open the door and slide inside. With a twist of the key I ignite the engine, then bait it with a dab of the throttle. Provoked, it roars a warning of its power. Without looking to witness the wrath of, Mr. Whoever I drop the accelerator and burst towards the exit. 
Two hundred and fifty miles separate me from the Italian border. Do I continue ahead using the fast, free-flowing Autoroute, or do I opt for the slower, but probably less policed, minor roads? Again, I choose speed and continue on my way.
The M6 does its job well, although I barely exploit its potential. Speed in such cars is a gimmick, a paper asset, a never to be realised boast. 
The miles ease by and my focus, aided by a good dose of paranoia, stays lean and tight. Police cars come and go. Some rush past, whilst others seem to stalk me for miles.
I leave France and enter Italy with zero resistance. The motorway carries me seamlessly and should continue do so all the way to Reggio Di Calabria. 
Trapped in hours of constant speed I barely feel as if I move at all. Ive been driving now for ten hours straight and my resolve is grating thin. Tiredness has started to worm its way into body and mind, my senses are becoming muted. As the miles stack-up, one on top of another, the curtains close and the road funnels me into darkness. A trickling stream of dazzling headlights serves only to highlight the monotony. I should yield to sleep and hunger but fight and resist the urge. I must stay hungry to keep the hunter awake and ever moving forward. The car takes its fuel and carries on regardless. I stutter into sleep then pulse back awake. Ive taken fourteen of the seventy two and can no longer fight the urge. In a service station car park I lie back and think of nothing.
Should I be able to sleep this well, after the day Ive just departed? A dreamless, instant sleep as if thrown into shock. For three short hours I feel nothing.
I bolt from sleep and wake without transition. Turning off my watch alarm I see the time is 3.15am. Tiredness still threatens, but for now, has been contained.
Back on the motorway and my path is clear, so I test the M6s potential and slash away at distance. The paper asset is made physical, and a boast is earned for another day.
With the time approaching 7.30am I enter Reggio Di Calabria. Close to the port I dump the car, rush the remaining distance on foot, then catch a ten-minute ferry to Sicily.
On the ferry I am nothing but a tourist, seen and noticed only when necessary. I stand on deck, leaning on the rails with my face held and caught in the morning sun. I sense nothing of my surroundings, or the people around me. I have no mind to admire scenic beauty. The sun is to mask my face with a tan not to soothe me with its warmth. Approaching the port of Messina I feel nothing of its history. My desire is the modern, the cranes and the terminals, for the efficient dispatch of people.
I leapfrog Sicily with a taxi ride from Messina to Pozzallo. Solid, quality sleep is made impossible by a driver who reels off a history of everything we pass. I tune him out and sort of semi-doze my way through the hour-long journey.
In Pozzallo I skim through the seafront and marina looking for a backdoor way into Malta. No opportunities seem immediate so I flock with the tourists and take a hydrofoil that will get me to Malta in ninety minutes flat. The time is 9.45 am and from the seventy two, twenty three have now been spent.
I start the crossing locked in a toilet. Im not sure why, but I do. So far my face has gone unrecognised. Am I wanted for Paris? Is my face international? If so, no one is rushing to grab the reward. 
Tired, I try and sleep, but fail. The air is too hot and stale, the rush of water too loud. I need fuel, water and food. The only food I have left is a tin of tuna, the only water, the half bottle remains from a litre bottle bought from a petrol station. I consume them both with a feral speed. The water serves only to tease my thirst, likewise the tuna with my hunger. I could reccy the hydrofoil, look for refreshments and breathe fresh air on deck, but decide to stay locked and hidden.
Time, sometimes you wish you could piss it away, other times you wish to hold it locked in your arms forever. My time, now, is as sticky as the air that lies dead in these stinking bowels.
Finally an hour dies. I make my move. My landing needs to be invisible. With the toilet empty I leave the cubicle and make my entrance out into the hum of people. The space is one of those generic commercial spaces, could be a bar, restaurant or cinema. 
The only direction I want is down. A wall sign takes me to the stairwell and the stairwell takes me to the vehicle deck, where rows of tightly parked vehicles provide alleyways for me to scurry along. Several men in uniform and high visibility vests mill around chatting, none has the mood to be bothered by my presence. I walk confidently, as if I know where Im going, which I dont, all I know is what Im looking for, a speedboat I watched towed onboard, one protected with a mooring cover. My plan is simple, for the cover to hide me as well as the deck.
I find the boat and make my move. The cover is strapped tight to the boat, too tight to allow me entry, so I loosen two of the ratchet held straps just enough to give me the room to slip beneath.
Back in darkness, in the fetal position, lying in a puddle of tepid seawater that has been contaminated with a generous spill of engine oil. The air is warm and tight, breathable for now at least. Will the driver notice the loosened cover?
Occupied by every sound that comes my way time quickly passes. Soon the hum of people is swelling around me, a wave of slamming doors and firing car engines. A gentle bounce tells me my driver is seated and ready to go.
Again I have motion. I look at my watch and illuminate the time, it reads 11.07am. At quarter past I will make my move. The motion is start-stop for a minute, becomes smooth for three then returns to and remains start-stop.
With the eight minutes dead I take my knife, stab the blade through the cover then slash a cross a metre in length and width. Clear blue sky dazzles my vision and my ears fill with the sounds of an urban road. Without looking to fully assess my surroundings, I make a pact with myself, when the vehicle next stops, I get out and run. Seconds later my ride begins to slow. As it stops, stationary for a second I burst out through the cover. A split-second reccy reveals a congested, narrow urban road, and shops, cars and people all hustling for space. My ride is pulled-up waiting, as a rubbish truck bullies its right-of-way. Gambling against collision I leap from the boat into the middle of the road. A burst of adrenalin induced speed saves me from the truck. For several seconds I sprint aimlessly through crowds of bewildered people until the sight of a narrow side street gives me direction.
The side street swoops upwards and proves an invigorating climb. It is dead straight and a good hundred metres in length. Its leathery, cobbled surface shines as if polished for parade. Ragged, stone-built, four-storey buildings, soaked in and stained by history, enclose it on either side. I see no people, behind or ahead of me. For a moment the only sign that people exist are the caged birds left out on balconies, which sprinkle the air with song. 
The side street deposits me into another, near identical street. With people now in view I slow my run to a walk. I need speed, to be faster than man. I decide to find my way back to the tourist swells and look for a taxi. The grid street plan soon provides a channel back to the coast. Once breached, I merge with the crowds. A taxi sits queued in a row of traffic. I make my move, I tap on the drivers window and gesture for a ride. An enthusiastic nod grants me permission. I open the backdoor and climb inside.
The Driver requests a destination. I take my notepad and I write, Mgarr. Cant speak. Operation on throat.
Seeing my words, he replies,
Sure. No problem. Mgarr.
Accelerating away we overtake the boat owner who, parked up on the side of the road, angrily examines the damage I caused.
The journey time is used to ready the guns. Keeping them hidden in the rucksack I remove the silencer from Andrews gun then place them, hidden and held in my trouser waistband.
Twenty minutes later and I am alone and on foot, hurrying away from the village Mgarr. It is 11.50am and from the seventy-two, twenty-five have been spent. Is this good? Enough to deliver surprise?
The address should be no more than a mile away. Ahead of me is a dusty, deserted road that stumbles its way through farmland. Small, thirsty fields, some alive with crops, others stripped bare to soil, roam upwards from a valley floor. The midday sun poses with menace. My cap counters none of its rage. Luckily my thirst for revenge shouts louder than my thirst for water. Forcing myself into a gentle run I push against the midday heat.
Half a mile nearly felled. In the distance, high in the hills, I can see what I hope is the address; a large, gleaming white house that stands as the lord of all it surveys, bejeweled with a swimming pool, open and unprotected, single-storey to arrogantly consume an extra slice of the precious land, its too few windows, squinting and undersized. I take my binoculars and zoom in for a close-up. I see no people or cars in the driveway, in fact nothing to indicate that anyone is home. I pause, hesitate for a second. I was fooled once before, but still, cannot resist the urge to move forward.
Another half mile fully consumed. The home-straight beckons. A narrow, single-track lane, barely fit for a car, leads me into a steep, persistent climb. The route is open and exposed. My only pretense of cover is distance aided by the dazzling sun. As the incline plateaus the dry-stone wall that borders the lane pauses to offer free and easy passage on to the grounds of the house. Without hesitation I take it. 
The house and I stand exposed, facing each other. The mainly paved, shadeless ground between us is manicured and decorated with lush, potted vegetation. Apart from my gasping breath the only sound I can hear is the teasing, gentle trickle of lightly falling water.
No cameras, staff or security. No sense of company, if anything, a sense of quick and sudden desertion. Dismissing a thought to reccy the perimeter I zone-in on, then rush towards the front door. As I reach it, I pull and ready a gun. 
The name of the house is emblazoned on the door in bronze wire letters. I grab the door handle, twist and push. The door opens and again free and easy passage is mine.
I burst inside into a spacious, open-plan living area. The walls are white, the furniture regal and the air chilled to a shudder. All looks clean and barely lived in. Three closed doors offer me hope that I am not alone. As I step forward I see a newspaper, the Malta Times, lying on the stone tile floor. It has been placed front page up and positioned square against the door for someone, me, to see. The headline screams Plane Crash Tragedy and four photos of four men leer at me from the page. The first is unknown to me, the second is Phillip, the third is the South African and the fourth is his colleague. I swoop down and grab the paper. Underneath the first photo is written the name Oakley Robertson. I speed through the story. Last night a private jet flying from Malta to London crashed into the Mediterranean Sea. Cause unknown. The crew of two, and the two passengers, are all believed dead. Oakley, described as a scientist and hedge fund consultant, was flying to England to attend the funeral of his recently murdered mother.
Hes dead. Is he, dead? No. Dead? Now? Not now! Hes dead!
In my hands the paper feels thin. I snap it open and find the front page of the Paris Gazette ablaze with the headlines: Massacre on the Streets of Paris. Five random men gunned down. Local man is sought. A section of text, highlighted in yellow marker pen, tells how three witnesses heard the gunman speak with a Parisian accent. I turn the page and find another loose page, again from the Gazette. A small, buried story, highlighted to catch my gaze reports how Philippe Veirea is dead, found hanged in his apartment, a suicide. To the final, bastard page. The London Times and the murder of Henry Brockhurst. The police seek two men. The motive they claim, was robbery. Valuable items are missing from his home.
All is clear. I stand innocent. Theyve cleared my name. Well let me confess. Let me speak the truth! 
How? Why? Silence. Cut dead! Hes dead, where now for me? Still no explanation, still no reason why. A plane crash, maybe. An accident, no. But why? What was I getting close to? Something bigger and beyond him? What did he risk exposing?  
I drop the paper. What now for me?! Silence? Keep moving, keep looking.
I feel small, suddenly intimidated. Pushed, squashed by a dense, dark, hidden force. Keep moving, keep looking. I look around, for something, anything. Look in draws, cupboards, all empty with the everyday. A post-it note stuck to the fridge which reads, 
All clean. Carpet will have to wait but new vacuum due Tuesday. Rosemary. 
I scrunch it up and throw it away.
I pull out Andrews phone and turn it on. Let them speak to me! Will they speak to me? I get the thought, check the internet, and prove the stories are true. As the phone logs on, a throaty, menaced groan born of great effort sneaks up and startles me. In an instant I point and aim the gun at the source, hidden and unidentified, behind one of the closed doors. For a second I freeze, but then burst free towards the door. Reaching it I boot it open with a desperate, angry kick. Inside I find a bedroom; curtains closed, room light on and Oakley. Oakley, is it him? Strapped to a stiff, straight backed, near throne-like dining chair. His face torn with agony. I step closer. He looks at me, hate blasting from his eyes. Am I to blame? His mouth vandalised with sticky, semi-dry blood and heavy, black bruising. His forearms strapped to the arms of the chair. His hands bruised and battered, the bones crushed and broken. A shudder plucks my spine as my mind echoes the sound of crunching bones. His rolled-up trouser legs reveal ankles that are similarly twisted, broken, disabled. Returning my stare to meet his gaze his mouth jolts open. His tongue is absent, cut crudely from his being. 
Is this him, Oakley? The man in the paper certainly, but Oakley? Whoever it is, I weakly see a victim, not a man who spat the blood of his mother. 
On the floor, a metre from his feet, I notice what seems to be a passport. I pick it up and examine it. It is a UK passport in pristine condition. Taped to the cover is platinum, Visa credit card embossed with the name, Carl Hickman. An attached sticker shows the number 1005, which is my mothers birthday, the tenth of May, and also, shall I guess the PIN? I flip the passport open to the holders page. The holders name is Carl Hickman and the photo is me, looking well and younger, but still, definitely me. A loose business card is printed with the words All yours. Be appeased or be killed.
Is this my bounty, is this where it stops? Have I won and this is my reward?
The man, Oakley, starts nodding and shaking his head in deranged, deliberate slashes. What should I do? Is he part of the prize? Stuffing the bounty into a pocket I get the thought to call the police. I could call the police and prove Oakley is alive. I could call the police and prove something around me is wrong, very, very wrong. 
I could, and they know this. Think, Sam. They must be watching. Would they leave you here alone? No. So whoever they are, they are watching. 
I step in close and put the gun to his head. I must perform as they expect me to perform. He looks at me, his eyes desperate and pleading. The shaking and nodding accelerates. I pull away and look at the phone. Already logged on to the web I search malta news. A site verifies the story is true. A photo of Oakley matches the one from the paper and condemns the man in the chair. If the phone is hacked, let them see I had a reason to turn it on. 
Suddenly, as if startled, I pace to the window, to the closed, full length curtain. Using my left hand, which holds the phone, I part the curtains an inch or two and peer outside. Seeing nothing to concern me I slip my left hand further through the gap followed by my head. The act is to look outside, but with the phone now hidden from the room, I quickly activate the video camera and start to record. Can they see this, maybe, but still, I am nothing without risk.
Stepping away from the window I place the phone in my shirt breast pocket. As it sticks out an inch the lens is given a clear view ahead. Reaching Oakley I raise the gun to his face. The shaking and nodding is relentless. The gun brings him no fear. All his will, his final scrapes of energy fuel the repetitive nodding and shaking. Is it yes, or no? Is it madness or a primal scream, a plea denied the cut of words.
After a dozen or so hesitant seconds I rush from the room and make a move for the newspapers. Picking them up I pretend to study the photo of Oakley whilst making sure I commit it to video. Convinced its him, I return to Oakley and ready the gun to kill.
Pulling the trigger is far from easy. I never wanted this. Would never choose this. Feel sick and angry standing here having to do this. Give me three good reasons why I should kill you. One, you deserve it. You enter the arena, you play the game. You cant change the rules when the game goes against you. Two, they expect me to. Three, I want to. Somewhere, deep down, I want to, so I do. I squeeze the trigger and end him. Another death, another murder. Another kill for me. I know this but refuse to stand and reflect any further. Instead I turn and hurry away. 
From the cold, managed chill of the house I barge into the fierce, wild heat of the midday sun. And now, what now? Just get away. Just stay alive. A dot against nature I may be, but trapped in the crosshairs I am lame, easy prey. 
Descending the hillside I argue for both speed and restraint. In the distance Mgarr ripples beneath a heat wave. I could walk there, find a room and take time to quench my thirst, conscience and fear. I could, and should, but reaching the road I turn and walk the other way, to Valletta. I choose pain and challenge. I choose the chance to purge the day from my being.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Water. No need to remind anyone that water is life. In death, most of us choose to return to the earth but me, if I can, I will be buried at sea. Returning to the earth makes no sense to me, returning to the sea, now that seems right. After all, our flesh is not earth; it is water, water, plus impurities.
Even this weak stream of water, falling from the Shower, flushes life and vigor back into my body and soul. The water flows weakly, as in Malta clean, everyday water is scarce. A laminated leaflet, placed on the closed toilet seat, asked me, the guest, to flush with care. Malta, it seems, is a resource free rock, treading saltwater in the middle of the sea.
I have taken a room in the Fortino, which was the first hotel in Valletta I came across. Physically, I am exhausted but mentally, I feel cleansed, ripe and ready for the fight. In my mind I feel correct. My options are simple, I have only one. Continue, above and beyond Oakley. The passport, credit card and money could all help me travel the world. I could flee somewhere and anywhere, hidden but still false and tainted. 
What is the credit card for? To keep me on the leech? To pay me a wage? For what? For silence? For work? 
Oakley is dead, but I still dont know why? In the eyes of many I am still the cowardly murderer of a harmless, old lady, and this, I cannot tolerate. I dont know how but I must dig deeper. I have evidence, enough to cause trouble and to make some demands, but not enough to clear my name. Not enough for clear and total victory. 
Once clean, fed and hydrated I sleep. Seven hours later my watch alarm wakes me. I went to bed with a gun hidden beneath the pillow, when I wake; it is gripped in my hand. Having slept fully clothed, boots and all, I rise ready to roll, a rhythm knocked off kilter by the sight of a wardrobe and sofa pushed against the door. For a moment I feel a beat of unease, until the right memory unwinds and soothes my mind. 
With coffee cooling I sit on the bed and review the video footage of Oakley. It doesnt seem real, too raw and amateur. With his death about to play I get the urge to look away but force myself to watch. About to pull the trigger I, him, me in the video, takes a step back. Why? To stop the shower of brains, blood and flesh hitting me and my clothes. What the fuck, look at me now, on the verge of becoming a pro? 
The footage clearly shows the man alive and strapped to the chair is the spit of the Oakley pictured in the newspaper. This is far from absolute proof of identity, but still, its got to be worth something. Enough to blow smoke into the public domain. 
I make a back-up copy. I take the camcorder and film the footage. Watching it play over I see the rage in Oakleys stare. A rage I read as the rage of injustice. A man of absolute arrogance reduced to a plaything. No doubt he saw himself as something great. From the divine to a lump of meat. 
What sort of man would commit the crimes he has? What would he look like? Well, if this is the template, far from average, too plain for average. Neither thin nor fat, neither pale nor tanned, neither handsome nor ugly just physically dull. Beyond the visible, I see a man too precious to be free. A man with a list of foods he fears to eat. Who cant recall the last time his belly was stuffed full of food, wine or love. Fearful and anxious of what he cant control, so much of life, from illness to people. Groomed to be presentable, but not to get laid.
As I watch him shake and nod his head hints of rhythm and repetition emerge. Watching over and over a pattern jumps out, both obvious and pleading. For a second he becomes still, then makes twelve shakes to the left, then one to the right, then two left, eighteen right, one left, six right, five left. The shakes become nods: one up, four down, three up, seven down, five up, two down. For a second he pauses in stillness until shaking twelve to the left, one to the right and so on.
I rewind the footage, grab a pen from my rucksack and get ready to note the numbers down. Twelve, one, two, eighteen, one, six, five, one, four, three, seven, five, two. As numbers they mean nothing to me so I convert them to letters, which read LABSAFEADCHEB. Straightaway LAB SAFE jumps out, but ADCHEB? Could this mean a number? One, four, three, eight, two. Could this be the code to open the safe?
With Wi-Fi in the room I log on to the internet and search for answers. In an article about the crash, a local newspaper claims Oakley was the Head Of Research at the Smith Research Centre, which is located on the outskirts of Hamrun. Is this a lab? I Google it, but all I learn are details of its location. I can find no company website or any other information.
He is looking for revenge? Looking for me to act on his behalf? OK, fine, but whats in it for me? Information to take me above and beyond him, to prove my innocence?
I pack my rucksack and get ready to leave. Seeing the guns I check them for ammunition. Phillips gun holds twenty one rounds, the other, twenty four.
Am I being watched? Properly paranoid? I believe the worst, so leave the hotel through a ground floor fire door. The discreet side street I find myself in takes me past the rear of the hotel and towards the seafront. 
The Valletta nightlife simmers with gentle potential. All tensions burn slow and subdued. The crowds I tolerate with ease. Nighttime crowds slip past me more freely than those of the day. The night is far more forgiving, and seems far more physical. There are always lies, but those of the night, liberate more than those of the day.
Inside a foreign city, alone and at night, you dont as much walk as prowl. Ive felt it before, that spike of adrenalin, that need to live before you die, but tonight I walk with blinkers. My only thought is to find a taxi and speed quickly away.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN

The Smith Research Centre is situated on the edge of a deserted, dimly lit industrial park that, without a retail welcome, feels cold and unwelcoming. Anonymous buildings, from small offices to medium sized factories and warehouses, all sharing the same plain, functional genes stand muted behind wire security fences. Several lone cars, each parked on the roadside, loiter like strangers at night. The only hint of activity is the sound of heavy machinery churning in the near distance with a repetitive, grating rhythm. It is a sound that smothers, that defies a single location to emanate from all around, and that fades only to close back in with the next step along.
At first glance the Research Centre looks dormant for the night. It is a four-story box that even at night looks bland and easily ignored, a rectangular container skinned with flat metal walls and three seamless bands of identical, blackened windows. The only feature that raises a note of interest is the brick built, windowless ground floor that seems to seal the building from the undesirable wash of the world outside. The entrance is a set of sliding doors that have been blocked for the night by an internal metal shutter. The only other entrance points are a closed, external metal shutter, which is signed as the entrance to a car park, and next to it, a single, solid slab of a door that stands dead to the outside world, devoid of a handle or keyhole. An eight foot high, barbed wire crowned, perimeter fence is the first layer of defense. Fixed to its closed, and locked gate, are two undersized ten by ten signs. One barely announces the building to be the research centre, the other warns trespassers of security guards and guard dogs. Beyond the fence two CCTV cameras are fixed high against each side of the building. Each camera looks down towards the centre giving a complete view of the building. Below each camera is a floodlight. Together they emit enough light to make the cameras effective. I see no movement in any camera, so for now at least, I assume they are static. If so, then it seems their field of vision will be blind to the fence. 
The security seems adequate and fairly discreet. Maybe there is little inside to protect, or maybe there is much to protect but little need to do so. Guard dogs and security guards, are they inside? If so, then maybe I have a way in. 
Using my multi-tool I cut a hole in the fence big enough for me to comfortably breach. Once through, I pull out Philips gun and attach the silencer. Three shots later and the side of the building I face falls to darkness. A quick sprint forward takes me to the door beside the car park shutter. Pressing my ear against the door, I listen and wait.
Time idles by until the faint sound of a dogs bark reaches me from beyond the door. I twist away and ready the gun, not for the guard only the dog. The guard is no enemy of mine. Security guards are what? Men in cheap uniforms paid a click or two above the minimum wage to baby-sit inanimate objects and space. How many will take a bullet to save what means nothing to them?
Another bark, louder and more aggressive. He has the scent of battle. The door shudders against a force but remains stubbornly shut until a second force throws it open. Dim, second-hand light jumps out closely followed by an Alsatian dog, whose lust for violence, is contained only by the will of its handler, a security guard. A spilt second appraisal of the guard  male, thirties, typically uniformed, athletic but a division below my weight confirms to me my plan, a bullet to kill the dog and a punch to stun the guard. The dog duly complies but as I raise the gun to threaten the guard his foot flies in and knocks the gun from my hand. I am instantly on the defensive fending off the professional moves of a trained martial artist. Good job I learnt the dirty way, nothing clean or controlled for me. No method to discipline or contain my rage. Physical pain served only to fuel the animal within, and the blows I now take, do nothing to tame the beast. With my opponent down, and the gun retrieved, I gag his mouth and bind his hands with gaffer tape. His body is limp, his mind vacated, but still, he will live, feel and think again. From his pocket, I take a security pass. He was carrying a handheld radio, which I collect from the ground. This tells me he must have back-up, at least another security guard waiting inside. A voice speaks over the radio, male and English.
Carl, speak to me!
Mindful of CCTV inside the building I approach the door, which remains wide open, with caution. The radio voice returns with urgency.
Carl!...Carl! Hans, go check, Carl!
 Give me a minute. Another voice, male and German.
For fucks sake! Do it now!
One minute!
Now!
Im takin a shit!
For fucks sake!
Reaching the door I peer inside and see the ground floor of an underground car park. Two CCTV cameras cover the entire space. Opposite me I see a door. A sign fixed to it tells me it leads to an elevator and stairwell. The radio voice loses patience.
 Hans, Im going. You come back here, now!
Here? The control room? I take the risk, that the CCTV will be, briefly, unmanned. I run towards the door. Once through, I take the stairs. Now to find Oakleys office and look for the safe. Knowing time is against me I sprint up towards the top floor, where vanity will insist the boss reside?
The stairwell is cold, clean and efficient, a place where only the desperate would linger. Nothing distracts from its purpose. Heavy, solid doors deny a glimpse of what floors two and three contain. The only signs are floor numbers. No other information is shared. Reaching floor four I slowly peel back the door to reveal a long, well lighted corridor. I slip inside and hurry along.
The corridor shares the stairwells hostility, and houses ten doors, five on either side. Each door is labelled 4a, 4b and so on. No windows, in the doors or walls, offer a view of what lies on the other side. Passing door 4e curiosity takes me and I boot the door open. Inside I find a large room with bare white walls, floor and ceiling. In the air, a chill and hum hang. Arranged in the centre of the floor is a twelve by twelve grid of large computers units. Each one is identical: matt black in colour, rectangular in shape and three foot tall. They stand like monoliths, inanimate but strangely powerful, as if knowing. A CCTV camera records every beat of stillness.
I pull myself a way and continue ahead. At the end of the corridor a right turn leads to another door, one signed Oakley Miles Robertson. It is locked, so I kick it open. Inside cold, scientific efficiency is replaced with plush, corporate extravagance. It is a space more akin to high-end finance then the daily toil of scientific research. Employing the most obvious choice first, I pull a large digital photo frame, showing an image of the Mona Lisa, from a wall. No Safe is hides beneath it. I move to his desk, a fortress of dark, shining wood, and open all its draws. The largest opens on a hinge, and reveals a Safe hidden within. An electronic keypad takes the code and the door clicks open. I reach inside and remove the single, lone item, a sealed, stiff backed, A4 vanilla envelope. On the front is a hand written Malta address, addressed to a person called Rosemary Cassavetes. Over the radio, the voice of Han.
Im back. Steve, where are you?
I rip open the envelope and pull out the contents, a printed report of fifty or so pages. The front page reads:
Desalination Through The Use Of The Miles-Robertson Filter. An organic nanotech filter for removing salt content from seawater. Summary of key benefits cheap, low energy way of producing substantial amounts of clean drinking water from seawater. Inventor of The Miles-Robertson filter Oakley Miles Robertson. Report author Oakley Miles Robertson.
Is this is? Is this what he wants me to find? Why? Is this all it is?
Over the radio, Steve.
We have a problem. Radio compromised.
Confused, and somehow angered with a strange feeling of betrayal, I stuff the report into my rucksack then focus on my escape. It is me against them, me against the building.
Back in the corridor, running along, gun primed and tightly held. I must be outnumbered, two to one at least. Is my advantage held in my hand, or will they now level the field? I know I cant pause, I know I cant hide. Time can only move the odds against me. I enter the stairwell, the stairs or the lift? I press the button and make my call. The doors start to open. I ready the gun but the curtains reveal an empty stage. A look inside sparks an idea. I jump towards the roof and punch open a service door. A shaft is exposed that offers me space. Sending the lift to the car park I then haul myself up and out, into darkness I rise. As the lift begins to sink I anchor my focus to the square of light beneath me. Dim lines of light check me past the doors on floors three and two. The lift stops sharply. My view of the door is blocked but I hear and feel it open. I stand in darkness, looking down into light, a finger poised to sanction another. The stage, however, remains empty. As the doors begin to close I jump down and out.
Ahead into the stairwell and all is clear. Now a race to the door which leads to the car park. Five metres away and I finish second. The door flies open and in lunges a security guard. Seeing my advantage he instantly yields. His body tenses and rebounds to a stop, stunned by a brief taste of mortality. 
Fuck you! He screams. Hes English, hes Steve.
My inaction frees him; he begins to move delicately around me. Keeping the gun aimed at his head, I begin to move towards the door. He watches me with an angry, disappointed stare. Not enough sport at the best of times, and tonight, hes missed the fight. Reaching the door I take it with a fresh burst of speed. Now back the car park, running towards the door that was dead to the outside world. It is closed, fully and completely shut. Reaching it I push it, shoulder it then kick it. Ever violent, but all I need is a key. A glance behind shows Steve, watching. A grin on his face shifts disappointment to excitement. Without thinking I fire five rounds into the door and lock. Skinned with steel the door shows five bullet holes but remains defiant. Steve, ever eager, is flipping his stare between the stairwell and me. On the wall I see a small, grey metal box with a closed, possibly locked door. Stepping towards it I fire a round into its lock. The door flies open. Inside I see a control panel. A quick inspection reveals a button labeled Open. I press and hold. The metal shutter rumbles into life. A look towards the stairwell reveals Steve ducking behind the door. The shutter begins to rise. Looking back towards the stairwell, the door opens and in probes the barrel of a shotgun. A bullet from my gun snaps it back. Two more lash out and disable the CCTV camera glaring down at me. The shutter climbs a foot high. I step away, releasing the button, but the shutter continues to rise. Diving to the ground, I smash a bullet into the control panel. The shutter stops, instantly. Hitting the ground, I roll outside.
A quick sprint takes me to the hole in the fence. Once clear of the fence I simply run fast and free. Reaching a lone, parked car I make moves to break in. I try the door handle and the door just opens. Inside I try my luck and pull the sun visor down where, wonder-of-wonders, I find the key. Pulling away I check my rear and see all remains deserted. Am I too far ahead to see clearly or have they paused, making plans for another time?
Driving, to where, I question my actions. How can this paper advantage me? How can I use it to prove my innocence? What good is it to me? What can I do with it, publish it, let Oakley take the credit? Was this is last, final act of arrogance?
What else can it tell me? The address written on the envelope. He was posting it, why? Back-up? Just in case, of what? Was there more, more discoveries and innovations? Make a hard copy and post them somewhere safe, just in case?
The Miles-Robertson filter, of course, named after him. Miles Robertson, Colonel Miles Robertson. The story at the end of the novel, Bunker14382, this is the code to open the safe. The web page, on her laptop the night I broke in, it showed a science paper, his science paper. Password protected. He gave her access to read his work, educate yourself, and then she wrote the story, Bunker14382. I need Wi-Fi. 
I race back to Valletta; I must get back to the hotel. A risk, I know, but one I must take.
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Inside my room, connected to the web. From the email I click the link to open the page. The password box demands compliance. I enter 'bunker14382' then click enter. The page hangs for a second then continues to load. I am accepted as valid. The page design is basic, a white page showing nothing more than a row of folder icons. The names of the icons include Work, Messages, People, Research, Fucking, and Mother. Seeing the Mother icon I open it up. A page loads which contains a single video icon named, Birthday. I select the icon, click and play. A video player opens and a video begins to play, Oakley and his mother in split screen. Both are filmed at computers by webcams. The mother is clearly at home, sitting at her desk in a brightly lit room. Oakleys surroundings are lost to darkness. His face is illuminated with lighting that looks staged and designed to flatter with a soft, warm glow. He speaks and his head remains perfectly still, knowingly stuck in the plane of good lighting.
My, my, mother.
Oakley.
Can you see me?
I can.
So here we are. Once again, visibleYouve read the papers.
I haveHas anyone else?
Of course. He says, amused, as if the question was stupid.
Who?
People.
Who exactly?
People.
Who?
All the right people. The privileged. Just like you tonight.
Look at you. I havent seen you for so many years.
Have you been counting? I didnt bother. But look at me, havent I prospered.
Prospered, but into what?
Into me! Into the right man for me! And you, published your first novel yet?
No, but thank you, youre quite the inspiration.
Oh, if only you had the mind to imagine. But anyway, tell me, my work, have I impressed you?
Do you need to?
Of course. Im only human, after all. Let me crave recognition with the rest of them.
Then why havent you published?
Guess. Imagine.
Profit
Nothing so crude.
Then what?
Life, mother! Existence, for all those who matter.
We all matter!
Do we? How quaint.
We do!
No, we dont. A simple truth, but still, one so many fear to acknowledge.
But not you, my son?
Your son is a scientist, and as a scientist, he welcomes truth, truth and observation, and believe me, there is nothing your son fears to observe, or to know.
And the truth is yours to decide?
To discover and accept.
If what Ive read is true you could save the lives of so many people. Your work, it could offer hope to so many.
Yes, it could. The work I do, and the work of others. But hope to who, the desperate? Its always the desperate. Arent you sick of the desperate. Its always the desperate who need to be saved. How ever much we endeavor, how ever much we invest they never seemed to be cured, do they!
Hope to us all! 
He laughs, contemptuously.
Us all?! Us? We, are all one? In the distance maybe. In fact way back, way back! But now, no! And not going forward either!
Who do you work for? For whose benefit?
For the greater good. For the bigger picture.
And your company? Your organisation? Your institute?
Nameless.
Nameless? 
How can you know what you can never understand?
Then your objective?
To offer hope. Hope for the world, and for all those who remain. Hope, which will soon be released. Be grateful youll miss it.
Who is it you work for?!
The future, of man.
Oh for Christs sake! Is this act for my benefit? To make me swoon at your importance. To make me believe your as important as you think you are?! 
He laughs, arrogant, with a sense of victory, then continues.
Do you remember me as a child, mother? Do you? Do you remember me, your child? Do you remember how my favorite television was always natural history? How I would sit and watch hours and hours, fixed and fascinated? Do you remember telling me I watched too much, that I should go outside and play? I do. I remember all these things. I remember how, even then, you would annoy and frustrate me. I remember me sitting, happy and contented, watching and learning, and you hovering, pest like, waiting to censor, remote control in hand. I remember you pouncing as soon as any violence, or sex, was shown. You, censoring what I could watch. You, denying me truth. Its why I hated history at school. It bored me. It bored me because they didnt teach the sex or the violence. Now, of course, history isnt all sex and violence but still, give me the facts! Give me the truth!
 The truth? And what is your truth, here and now? Who are you?
I read an interview with David Attenborough. He recalled a letter he received from a woman, a plainly stupid woman, who after watching one of his programmes, one documenting a pride of lions, felt compelled to write and express her anger, and disgust, at the violent and murderous lions. Her solution, stop wasting money on making such programmes and instead use the money saved to train the lions to stop killing other animals Can you imagine? I can still taste the hate I felt for her. Let us civilise nature and history. Let us deny the truth of whom and what we are.
Were not animals.
No, of course not. We are moral.
We? You could offer so much hope?
If it is immoral to let a child be raised in poverty, then isnt it also immoral to give birth to that child in the first place?  The world has enough cheap labour, enough commitments to feed and save. Do the math, mother, because we wont be moving to Mars any time soon!
Meaning?
To ease the load on our beautiful earth. That is a moral crusade worth fighting for! What joy for the human race if we could fly away to another earth, but no, we cannot. We are fixed, penned in, and like any herd, it must be managed.
I really dont know you. I have no instinct for you.
Instinct, how pathetic. You cant calculate me! Why? Because you dont know me. You dont have sufficient information on whom or what I am.
No, no I dont.
Christ, how you bore me. I had removed you from the equation but you had to come looking. Now, I cannot, I will not tolerate your presence. Youre a nuisance, an agitation. I move in far greater circles than you could ever hope to cope with. The power I can exercise, the power I feel obliged to test, is nothing you could ever comprehend. So, goodbye, mother. You have had you time and now, I return you to nothing.
A human figure steps into shot behind her. He, of course a he, is wearing a dark, protective overall suit. As he walks towards her his face remains off-camera. Oakley watches with a calm, intrigued stare. The mother turns with a jolt of surprise. The figure casually jabs her in the face with a gloved left-fist. Her body folds. He yanks her up by pulling her hair, then contains her struggle with a smothering left arm wrapped around her face and head. Bending down to eyeball the web cam, the figure becomes Phillip. His right-hand brings a meat tenderiser to his forehead, and with it, he offers Oakley a lazy salute. Oakley offers no reply. Phillip drags the mother away. The struggle she offers is feeble, barely whispering defiance. Oakley continues to watch. Even with his mother dragged from the room and out of shot he continues to silently stare. After ten or so seconds the video ends and the clip turns black. 
Proof! I have my proof! I have my innocence to touch and share! With a panicked rush I try and save the video to disk but the video player has no toolbar, no menu to click and save. The panic intensifies as I scramble to grab the camcorder from my rucksack. I will film the video, film it and flee. Film it and shout to the world I did not kill her and here is the proof!
I sit filming and watching. Two people are drawn back into life. A mother and her son, together without touching. What difference between them is there really to know?
I wanted to understand, I wanted to know why and now I have his answer. He killed her because she was a nuisance, a simple agitation. What path does a man have to travel to allow him so slight an excuse? Who was he? Who were his people? He suppressed his work, as did others, work that could save the lives of people, but why? To save this beautiful earth? From what? People, too many people? The earth does carry a heavy weight. We have trapped it, caged it and now we bleed it to feast on it. Too many people, god I how know. I have felt crushed in the flow, but we the people are the most precious resource: assholes, beggars and thieves, the gutless and soulless, we are all still the people. What is the earth without us? How beautiful can it really be?
To deny the world technology that could save lives? I dont see why. To let people die? For pleasure? For belief? His work and the work of others. How many? To what extent and scale? He and his colleagues have the means to save lives but choose purposefully not to do so. So, every day they kill, every day they murder. No news to me, but still, why?
His stare, all the sickness of man I can see in his stare. Watching him watch his mother being dragged away I actually feel fear. Fear for what is out there. Fear for what it is possible to be. 
The clip, with a second or two to play, suddenly freezes. I try to move the cursor over the play button but it too has froze. The sound of the hard drive whirring frantically away tells me some process continues to run. I randomly hit a dozen or so keys but none cause any action. Have they hacked the laptop? Are they destroying the hard drive? Well let them, the proof is taped. The proof is mine!
They know my location. I must think this way, I must think the worst. I must think that Malta is too small to resist them. That my instinct for England is right.
I grab my belongings and get ready to flee. But them, the people, the assholes, beggars and thieves. The good, the bad, the desperate. How many do I walk away from? What hope do I leave uncovered? The science paper, enveloped and addressed, ready to post, but why? For backup, to prove ownership and a date of completion? Print off a copy and post it to someone who knows nothing, just the order to store it, to keep it safe until, well, until now. Rosemary Cassavetes, Rosemary was the name on the post-it note. So, his cleaner or housekeeper? Some one under control, someone out of the loop. Who would think a cleaner has anything to hide? And if she does, what hope could be mine to uncover?
Complete, I leave.
The corridor outside my room is deserted. Hurrying myself along I rush towards the elevator. As I reach it the door jumps open. Inside is planted a thick-set man in his mid to late thirties. Dressed as a member of hotel staff in a suit that looks a size too small, he stands rigidly, as if guarding his own importance. His blank, unfriendly stare clocks me for a second then leaves to look at nothing. The sparkle of a diamond studded earring and the glint of a heavy gold bracelet seal his fate. I launch an untamed punch towards his face. It connects and he drops unconscious to the floor. As the door closes I search his pockets. The gun I expect to find is missing. His only weapon is the proverbial pen.
The elevator begins to descend, next stop reception. I fix my stare forward, look beyond all that blocks my way. The elevator slows to a stop. The door opens and I pounce, out through a blur of people, across reception, to the exit and out. Running, sprinting. People no doubt look and stare but I pay no attention and offer no reply. My legs speed me back to the car, which in turn speeds me back to Mgarr.
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Mgarr. I have arrived quietly and alone. Its narrow, pre-car streets harass my search but eventually, and with luck, I find the address Im looking for, a ground floor apartment in a three story block. And now, what now? Knock the door and what? Force? Explain? Charm? At this hour, eleven at night? The curtains are drawn and a gentle light contained within. I could wait then break in, but if she woke, what would I do to shut her up? Is she alone? Could she be, in a street as densely packed as this? This isnt right. Not now. I start the engine and pull away.
Oakleys house. Black without light. I park, tuck the car into a field, and then walk up the lane to the house. Reaching the grounds I stand and listen. Silence, more than before, not even the sound of falling water. With gun in hand I walk to the door. Finding it locked I ring the bell for a good twenty seconds. No sound or movement answers back so I kick the door open and let myself in. 
I stand, listening. Again silence. The darkness washed by the light from my torch. No alarms have sounded, not here, not to scare, but maybe elsewhere to warn and inform. My plan is simple, look for his phone. I find it, one handset at least, neatly placed on a bare kitchen table. Scrolling through the menu I find the phonebook and then what I came for, two numbers assigned to Rosemary, her home and mobile numbers.
Does the phone send and receive text messages? It does. I call Rosemarys mobile. After a dozen rings the call is answered. A female voice, soft and nervous, but then her phone is telling her a ghost is calling.
Hello
I cancel the call. Then quickly write and send her a text message, which reads:
The envelopes. I need them, tonight. By Oakleys request.
Less than a minute later I receive a reply.
When? Where? I reply.
Your house. 10 minutes?
Yes
Im coming.
Could the house offer me anything more? Possibly. Time though, dictates my action. 
Back to the car, and then, again to Mgarr.
I park opposite her apartment. Nothing seems to have changed. Other than a group of male youths hanging out on parked mopeds the streets are empty.
Stepping out of the car the sound of a helicopter, distant but nearing, disturbs the sleepy peace. Holding the envelope from the Safe, and displaying it as some sort of ID, I quickly approach the apartment. Reaching the door, I gently knock. It opens immediately, shy and mistrusting. Hunched behind the dark, narrow opening I glimpse an elderly woman who I assume must be Rosemary. Without looking at me she passes a canvass holdall through the gap and drops it on the ground. Moving back behind the door she speaks, hushed and impatient.
Go, quickly. People are watching.
She then pulls the door firmly shut. I take the bag, which is heavier than I expect, and return to the car. People, who? Neighbours? The helicopter seems ever closer, its presence ever heavier. I look to the sky and pinpoint its location. Its flashing warning light is low in the sky and heading my way.
Inside the car, I put the envelope back in the rucksack then unzip the holdall to check inside. There are at least twenty, well-packed, A4 envelopes, sealed and addressed. Not wishing to linger I start the car and pull away.
Once clear of the town I accelerate hard into the countryside. As far as I can tell I am all alone. Nobody is watching or following, at least not from the road.
Slowing the car I give in to curiosity. I take an envelope from the holdall, rip it open and pull out the paper. The front page is blank. Page two and three, blank. Flipping through, every page is blank. This means? 
I slam on the brakes, grab the rucksack then, with the speed dipping to forty, open the door and throw myself out. I hit the road hard, the rucksack cradled protectively between my chest and my forearms. Crunched in the fetal position, instinct gives me the sense to roll my body over the scraping road.  A flash of light explodes into my eyes, a shockwave smashes through me and a sound wave stabs my ears. A dry stone wall stops me dead. Breath and energy collapse from within me. I hear shrapnel hitting the ground around me, but I have no movement to protect me. The car, raging with fire and spinning like a demented firework, drags to a halt in the middle of the road. A flashing light in the sky, the helicopter, catches my eye. Is it them, here to watch? Well let them see me dead. I toss the rucksack over the wall, as gently as I can, then haul my leaden body towards the burning car. If they watch, then they use thermal imaging cameras. If so, let me vanish into the heat print of the car. I crawl through the dense, hot air as close as I can, then a metre more. Turning my back to take the lashings of heat I lie on the rapidly warming asphalt. My lungs, spared the fumes, which rise vertically into a windless sky, burn with every timid breath I take. The helicopter continues to hover. My hair and clothes full with heat begin to burn and singe. Several minutes pass until I hear the sound of a siren approaching. Finally, the helicopter speeds away.
I scramble to the side of the road and leap over the dry stone wall. In the field I recover the rucksack. A flashing blue beacon rapidly nears. I turn and run. My injuries queue to take a scream. Having cleared fifty plus metres I hurdle the wall and take to the road.
Am I dead? Do they celebrate my death, the killing of a problem?
With a good mile already banked the whining sound of a moped engine catches me from behind. I turn and look, a single headlight jostles my way. As it reaches me it slows. Two male youths, the rider and passenger, are amused at my current situation. They pull up beside me and mouth some words of discouragement. It takes no thought at all. I lash out and knock them from their ride. With the moped floundering, I free it from the ground and take it as my ride.
Am I invisible? How long before they know? If they celebrate my death then I have time. Time to disappear, or time to move closer?
Make a decision then pursue it without fear. Once again I hear my mothers voice. Once again I see her, full of fear. Full of fear but never, not once did she cower. Never broken. Let all fear in. Take it. Absorbed it. Accepted all consequence.
The Lab, what else is in there? What else can I take and learn? Would they expect me to return? Would they expect me to never run away? 
CHAPTER NINETEEN

The Hamrun Industrial Park, no change here, still the only sign of life is the machine driven hum. Having parked the moped I approach the Research Centre on foot. From a distance, all appears peaceful. As I close-in the peace is confirmed. For now they tolerate the hole in the fence and the shot-up CCTV. The dog and the guard, however, are gone. The car park shutter remains as I left it, raised just enough to let me squeeze under. Through the gap a wall of weak, hazy light spills out.
With gun in hand, I shuffle through the hole in the fence. Once through, I move quickly to the side of the shutter, where I pause, straining to sense any movement from within. With nothing detected I crouch down and peer inside. No threat leaps out, no menace glares. The CCTV camera remains disabled. I take to the ground and push myself under the shutter, it ripples with clangs and bangs. 
Back on my feet, I freeze in a shooting position, poised to fire on any sign of life. Without a target, or a sound to explore, I move towards the stairwell door. As I reach it a sound jumps from beyond it, the solid thud of a heavy door closing. I rebound to the side of the door, gun aimed and ready. The door is pushed open and out slips a guard, Hans? Do I shoot to kill, to maim or tame? Before I can answer I lunge forward and smash the gun handle into the side of his neck. A punch, or two, later and the final flashes of his consciousness have been stubbed-out. He hits the ground, a dummy for me to tie and gag. 
I reach the stairwell door. With gun probing, I tease the door open. Alone, I step inside, pause and listen. To the stairwell, the lift or the door ahead? 
Where is the other guard? Where does he sit and watch? I move to the door ahead, and with the pass I took from Carl, unlock it. No teasing, no probing. I barge inside and take the space, bold and blatant, fearless with nothing to hide. Steel steps take me down into a white, harshly lit corridor. A CCTV camera films my every move. As I rush towards an opened door the voice of Steve, the security guard, booms my way.
Hans, hes fractured
Steve lumbers out from behind the door and into a savage fist. Am I now alone, silent and invisible? Invisible and omnipresent, for inside the room, a wall of monitors gives me complete and total vision. The centre is mine to know, but all I can see, the only focus I can pull is on a face, a close-up of a man, whose face is still, perfectly still, except for a stare that barely contains a mass of raging, menaced thoughts. His black skin is primed with a glutinous sweat, and torn with sores, those beacons spewing pain. This is the photo on the South Africans phone, live but dying, a different man but the same disease.
For relief, I look away and find a wider view. On a monitor below I see a laboratory, a standard science lab, standard but for three black men all imprisoned in three glass cages. All are naked, slumped lifeless on the floor in their bare, glass cells. 
I look at Steve who has started to regain consciousness. Taking the gaffer tape I bind his hands behind his back. As he starts to recognise me, and the situation hes in, I thrust the barrel of the gun deep inside his mouth. His stare offers defiance, but not enough to mask his fear. Convinced he doesnt underestimate my will, I step back, and with a flick of the gun, beckon him to stand. He complies and rises effortlessly to his feet. Once up, I grab him from behind, and with an explosive burst of aggression, power him into the room where I smash his face hard into the monitor, into the man and his disease. As I twist his face into the screen his pained and angered voice erupts.
What?!...Show you?!
I throw him out of the room. Gun aimed, and ready to kill. Catching his stare I nod my head.
Youre here for them? For fucks sake. What the fuck is this to you?!
I gesture with the gun for him to walk, which he does without protest.
You think this can end with you winning? Who the fuck are you anyway? Who the fuck do you think you are!?
We pass a door labelled Maintenance. Then reach another, labelled B1. He stops.
There. And thats all youll get from me, motherfucker!
I push him away then unlock the door with the security pass. Pulling the door open I gesture for him to enter. He complies, forcing out a laugh as he passes me. 
You good for this?
I follow him in and, seeing the lab, ram a full-strength punch into his kidneys. As he collapses to the floor I too feel the wind being punched out of me. Three men in three glass cages, lab rats, vulnerable and abused. The basic rules of civilisation do not here apply. I approach one of the men, his stomach pumps with short, rapid breaths. The sores cover his starved, desperate body. He makes no movement to look at me. Flies, mosquitoes, I dont know, swarm inside the cage. Is he their feast? Has he been thrown to them as meat? I rush to the guard, still wounded on the floor, stamp my foot into his throat and aim the gun at his face. He knows what I want, I want answers. Choking, he spits them out.
Fuck you! Nothing more from me, motherfucker!! This aint no nine to five! I want this!! You hear me!! I want this!! Do it!! Fuckin do it!
I pull the trigger, in my head I see me pull the trigger but, bang, a fist pounds on glass. I turn. The African is looking at me, recognising my presence. I step toward the cell. He wants to speak. I crouch down, face-to-face with him. His deep, heavy African accent slithers through the glass.
Burn usKill itBurn us
The cell door has a pull mechanism. I move to grab it.
No! He pleads. I stop.
Disease. Into mosquito, into us, and into Africa! Burn it! Burn it! We are dead. There is no cure!
Couldnt I just call the police? What doubt can there be? I move to the guard and search his pockets. 
Burn it! Ha! Fuckin Africans! Too much voodoo. Its the primitive mind!
I pull a mobile phone from his pocket.
Wont work, no signal. Not here. Go upstairs. What yer doin, callin the police? Cmon. Dont destroy this! Join us!
Call the police? Not now. Not now you want me to. 
And now? What now? A disease, new or modified? Man-made by them? Into Africa and into man. But why? Has the world enough cheap labour? To slash and burn, to destroy and create, to save this beautiful earth?
Think. Act. Henrys phone, could it be traced without a signal? Could it film what I see? Could it offer me clues? I slip off my rucksack and pull out the phone. As I turn it on I move back to the African. Can I save him? If I free him will I also free the disease? He speaks, running on empty. His need to convince me is all that fuels him.
Burn it! Everything! Everything! Destroy it!
He must tell me, Steve, he must tell me! As I turn to face him an alarm starts to buzz, sharp and penetrating. He has risen from the floor. To mock me he repeats the action I missed, he throws a kick at a wall mounted alarm. I rush to him, the gun aimed at his face.
You think I give a fuck. You think thats ugly to me? Well wrong, motherfucker. Its beautiful!!
Then suffer for it. I pound punches and kicks into his body and face. As he falls to the floor I aim a kick at his left knee. The kick connects and snaps the joint in two. His agony is his anchor and pins him to the floor.
The alarm looks like a standard fire alarm, but who I wonder is now speeding this way? Too much knowledge for me to control. I wanted to take some for the good of whomever, but now? Now, this place must burn. I hunt for and find two gas taps. Leaving them off I run towards the door. About to exit, I remember Henrys phone. If the signal returns then so be it. 
Into the corridor. Hunting fuel on every floor. Gas taps turned on. Flammable liquids smashed and released. Pilot lights lit. No humans or animals found, although my search is incomplete. I can only destroy, I cannot save. As I go, I check the phone for clues and information. A call was made to Spitz, to a landline number in London. Could this give me his address? The only text is from someone named Fox, which reads:
Is your GOD capable of this? Is HE the one to save us? You may have found HIM but pray you havent lost us.
Attached is a video file, which I play and watch. A computer generated animation shows a dead volcanic island, alone in the middle of an ocean. An explosion, not an eruption but an explosion running the length of the island causes half the island to crash into the ocean. The displaced water rises up and forms a tsunami that speeds away towards the horizon. The shot dissolves into a birds eye view of the ocean. The tsunami is tracked as it races towards the African coastline. Another dissolve, the tsunami reaches land. Desperation and devastation as people, animals and buildings are all consumed by the wave.
And this is what? A threat, a plan, an ambition? I myself am feeling drowned. In the Maintenance Room I turn off the water supply and pull leads from an emergency generator.
Back to the lab. I have returned with two, large gas bottles. Placing them next to Steve I open the values and let gas spew into the air. No mask hides his fear.
You want me to talk? I dont know anythin. Nothin more than this!
I ignore him, completely blank him. I rush to the gas taps, turn one on to a gentle flow then, using my cigarette lighter, ignite the gas to create a pilot light, a whisper waiting to roar.  
With the phone I film more evidence. Not of my innocence, but of the crimes committed around me. The conscious African watches me. He is calm but has no strength to speak. I pause, watching him, flicking my stare between him on the screen and him for real. Another life about to end, another story about to close. 
And now, what now, do I let them burn? Do I turn and run? Do I flee into a darkness where this death will never be seen for real? A bullet would be easier for them, but for me? Can I risk contact with the disease? Can I risk a spark from the gun? Can I add more kills to my name?
I turn and move to leave. The guard screams a will to confess, adding,
Were getting paid. We deport em, tonight! This is for us, but we deport em. By boat, from Valletta, tonight! You can make it. You can make it! The Fallen Fresco. Check the times! You can make it!!
I continue on my way, rushing into the corridor until something pulls me back. Whipping out my cigarette lighter I spark a flame then throw it into the lab straight at Steve. A fireball ignites around him, this man, this Guy, this fuel for empty flames. With room to step around the fire, and his fading scream, I take my position, aim with the gun, smash each cage with a bullet then beat the disease to its goal.
With a second to spare, I twist free of an explosion. Into the corridor I flee. A quick look through my all seeing eye reveals a blitzkrieg of fire and explosion.
In the car park Hans remains disabled. I pass him without thought or concern. 
Out into the night, where sirens and fire give life to the stagnant streets. I clear the fence then sprint away, away from the sirens and the moped, away from a newly parked car, and away from an inferno that destroys as it saves.
Running, directionless, sucked and swirling towards the centre. I take a dozen turns but remain trapped in the Industrial Park. The sirens fall silent. A helicopters warning light flashes in the sky, like a missile on a radar screen seconds from a target.
I take another turn and see another car, parked twenty metres ahead. Its shape and dark colour match that of the newly parked car. Suspicion fails to slow me. I have no time to be nervous, or to move with subtle care.
With gun in hand I reach the car. It is empty and the bonnet is hot. I try the drivers door and it opens. How and why? Is this for me, a special delivery for me? I slip inside. No key in the ignition, but the sun visor? Yes, a key. I take it and stab it into the ignition. About to turn it, I stop. Make a decision. Do they need to blow me up? Am I that slippery, that dangerous? Fuckin shoot me! Its easier, easier to clean-up the mess. I turn the key and the engine starts.
I have speed. Coincidence or conspiracy? Whatever, its mine and Ill take it.
I want to show control. I want to drive like I have nothing to hide, but I drive like a man set loose from a deranged, screaming spirit, with everything to hide but no place to dump it.
Finding the edge of the Industrial Park I take a road to Valletta. The road is mine and mine alone. Solitude, again, is my victory.
Reaching Valletta, I park the car. A quick look outside confirms my solitude. Two helicopters hang in the sky, but are too distant to concern me. Back inside the car I take Steves phone and connect to the Web. With Spitzs number still fresh in my mind I give it to Google and click for results. A link takes me to a website for a company called Deep Blue Solutions. The number relates to their London office. Text describes them as a private security firm and claims that they:
provide strategic support to governments and the commercial sector in the specialist niche of security and intelligence related services with particular emphasis upon designing and implementing solutions related to international terrorism, security force capability and complex geopolitical issues.
Meaning what? Theyll fight for you, or for your money at least. With their website otherwise sterile I Google the company name and find a newspaper article titled The Fat Cats of War. It labels them a private military company and reports that two of their employees who, in 2008, were working as private security guards in Iraq were arrested and charged with the murder of sixteen civilian people including women and children. A week before their trial came to court the men escaped from prison and were never seen again. The article goes on to report that the company has worked in Afghanistan and Iraq under contract from the US military. It is also believed that they have considerable connections in Africa and are known to have provided the dictatorship in Equatorial Guinea security and military support. Claims have also been made that they have trained numerous rebel and gorilla groups throughout the African continent, mainly those fighting for control of precious natural resources. The founder, John Spitz is an American, ex-special forces and connected in Washington. A photo of him shows a business suited skinhead sitting at a plush, office desk. A faint, unsatisfied smile is forced for the camera. His posture is perfect and his stare is charmless, open only for business. The article states his age is forty eight, but here he looks younger with an upper torso that is broad and muscular. 
Is this my man? Is this the man with whom it could end?
We are one but not the same. 
The same as whom, the brains and the money? Because they are what, the muscle? They work together, but for what? Tonight? Into Africa and into man. Unwanted immigrants arrive in Malta. Some get returned with immediate effect but others, from so-called unsafe countries, cant be booted right around. The law and lawyers see to that. Solution, slip beneath the law. A solution Spitz and his people use to their own advantage, to colour a piece of the bigger picture, which is what? To spread disease, to suppress scientific innovation, to instigate mass murder! To fuck with me, to draw me down, to turn me into a man who can kill on demand? I was a free man, never afraid to be still, but now, for ever rooted in frenzy. To the harbour. To the ship. To what, to kill some more?
CHAPTER TWENTY

I drive as close as I can get. Valletta rests on a hill. Once free of the car I run the final distance up towards the high ground. Ancient, old world fortifications peel away and expose a clear, panoramic view of the harbour. I stand, trespassing on a tourist perch, one adorned with flower beds, benches and canon. Before me the Harbour steals the horizon. Darkness blurs the finer details, although clusters of artificial light expose enough to give me options. A marina, a container port, a cruise ship terminal and a quayside can all be detected. Instinct draws me towards the quayside where a single ship is berthed. The illuminated bridge, along with several spotlights fixed to the ship, emboss the surrounding darkness with animated human figures. I draw my binoculars and scour the ship for a name, but the lack of light keeps me blind.
Could the Fallen Fresco be a yacht, a container ship or a cruise liner?  No. A bold guess, I know, but still, give me instinct over ignorance, and time, what time is there left?
I make safe the video memory card; it is more precious than me. Together with the Passport, Credit Cards, Andrews phone and the remaining cash, I seal it in a plastic bag then bind it with lashings of gaffer tape.
Kneeling beside a flowerbed I use my hands to burrow into the earth. I then bury and hide my innocence. After committing the location to memory I discard the now useless camcorder then stand and make my move.
Down to the quayside. A steep flight of ancient stone steps offers passage to yet another man, armed and hunting blood. Who were the Knights who fought for Malta? What was their cause? Was it better than mine? Did they too plead the good of man?
On the quayside all is quiet, no man-made noise just the lazy breath of a dozing sea and the whispered resistance of a casual breeze. The ship doesnt fail the mood. The embossed human figures have melted away. A lone man, dispatched to smoke a cigarette, and cloaked in a military style overcoat, stands on the quayside next to a gangway that connects to the ship to land. My presence is urgently sensed then casually ignored. The ship is large, a good seventy metres in length. Nearing the bow I read its name, The Fallen Fresco. As I approach the man he turns his back to me and slowly ambles away, waiting for me to pass. I make no apologies, draw the gun from a pocket and, with a point blank accuracy, aim, fire and kill. The silencer keeps the mood calm and still. Catching the mans body as it slumps to the ground I carry it to the edge of the quay and quietly feed it the sea. 
To board the ship I have a simple choice, walk the gangway or climb a mooring rope, I choose to climb. Twenty metres of rope is no easy haul, especially with rope too thick to wrap a good grip around. As the climb nears completion cramp tears into my hands, and I barely manage to pull myself up and over the railing.
Without thought to pause and recover my hands I snatch the gun from a pocket then move forwards over a small area of deck at the stern of the ship. Reaching the superstructure I find a door. The handle yields to an angry force. As the door creaks open a tunnel of darkness appears within. I duck inside and ease the door shut.
Touch tells of a low, narrow space contained by cold, steal walls. Three steps forward, and a dead-end is reached. Following the raised edge of what I hope is a door I feel for, and find, a handle. Pushing it down the door is released, as is a loud clunking noise, which persists in an echo. I freeze, waiting for silence. With the echo dead I slowly push the door open. Harsh, white light rushes in and rips sight back into my eyes. Another short corridor stands before me, a crossroads with the choice of another closed door or a hatch in the floor that leads to a ladder and the deck below. A devils choice so I choose to go down.
The ladder takes me to a long, deserted corridor. Two flickering fluorescent lights barely light the space. Several doors line the walls and another hatch in the floor leads to a second deck below. If I have a plan it is to find the cheap space, space drenched with the roar of the engine and used for the cheapest of cargos. So again the ship sucks me down.
I descend the ladder with slow, forensic care. Into the guts of the ship. Pipes, tubes and wiring clog another corridor, another space devoid of people where the shadows have flushed the light.
In the air the muffled beginnings of a song skim over silence. The Beatles, A Hard Days Night sounding tinny and flat. I move quickly forward towards two closed doors. Reaching the first I press my ear against the numb, grey metal. The music pulls from beyond the door. Is this their cell? Is this my trap? Has my path inside been too easy? I grab the handle, force it down then barge the door open. Inside lies the cheapest of cargo, men!
A bare room, a store room, fifteen by ten. Twenty black men are chained and shackled together. Not in irons but shiny new steel. All sitting listless and mute on the floor. Dirty, white canvas sacks mask their faces. Each one dressed in cheap blue jeans, a plain black t-shirt and new, white, brandless trainers. My entrance causes only a hushed, ripple of movement. The room is heated and warm. The music piped in from a single wall-mounted speaker, which faces a single CCTV camera. 
And now, what now? Escape with men and disease? Free what? Save who? No one here! No one at all! Twenty one bullets. Twenty and me. Footsteps pound against metal. The tide rushing in. Twenty one bullets to fight my way out, or twenty one bullets to stop the disease.
I move to pull a sack off the nearest man but stop, with the thought the eyes, too human the stare, I stop. I pull the second gun. I use it first. Without a silencer the screams are mauled by the bang. One to the head. Another to the head. One to the head. Another to the head. Panic. The instinct to flee and protest. The listless and the mute, the gagged and the shackled. No voice to plea, no room for flight. The heated room no good for meat. The soiled white sacks shatter and burst. Brains explode the soul. One by one I commit to death.
All done. Job done. But me? Twenty one, twenty and me? The tide reaches the shore. The door opens sharply and spits in a grenade. Decision made. I have no will or movement, no flight or fight, just the blank sense of emptying.
CHAPTER TWENTY ONE

In darkness I sit. A blindfold pins black into my eyes. Lashings of heavy, wet rope bond my arms and legs to a chair. Struggle is futile. Cold water soaks a shiver deep into my bones. I sense movement behind me and then the black is ripped from my eyes. I see the room, the same as before, although the air has been chilled to keep us fresh. Sitting opposite me I see a man, a Savile Row gent, of sixty plus untroubled years. He sits with an eerie calm, completely relaxed and at ease. No anger or aggression debases his demeanor, no carpet of death ruffles his poise.
Well, well. So, this is you, Samuel Dean. What are we to make of you, Mr. Dean? What are we to make of you?
He speaks with an English accent, well-spoken but not so posh as to grate. He continues,
My name, and its my real name, is Fox, Mr. Fox.I tell you that out of respect. You see, as a well-travelled, old cynic people rarely surprise me. Indeed, I find most to be flat and predictable, but you, not you. No. You, Mr. Dean, you stepped far beyond the role I assigned you. Of course, I cant be too gracious, you did after all cause us problems, and damage, so naturally we must reciprocate somewhat, but still, well done, and thank you.
He smiles, warmly, like we could be friends.
We made you an offer, which you rejected, be appeased or be killed. It was a good, honest offer, but still, you chose to pursue your innocence. A decision, which I have to say, somewhat tarnishes the respect I have for you, innocence is, after all, highly overrated. In fact, I would say, it is meaningless, as is guilt. Its good, of course, that you had the will to fight, to kill for something that you thought was important, but innocence, when so much more could have been yours? Strange, well quaint. Me, personally, I have no respect for innocence, or guilt. None at all. Desire and need, Mr. Dean. Desire and need, that is what I respect, that is what I recogniseAnd what is it we need? We need to survive. And what is it we desire? Well, so much! But then, to be a man, Mr. Dean, to be a manYou, you are a poor man. Your financials stink, as does your education. Use them to assess your position in the world, as people would, and the only conclusion one can honestly draw is that you dwell at the base the food chain. That you must be physically or mentally infirm, a social or mental retard, one of lifes lost and defeated drones. But actually, I myself, I would put you in the top five or six percent, after all, who would succeed in hunting you?..Us, well yes, of course, but still, what a waste you potentially are. Hitler, he once observed that communists, once corrected, made the most excellent NazisHe could have just shot them of course, but then a useful resource is always worth investing in, so with that in mind, let me offer you an explanation. We, what you hunt, we are the future. We are the wealth, the intellect, we are the force. We are the collective who will ensure a future exists for us, for humanity. Put simply, people, too many people, too many irrelevant, unproductive, all-consuming people. We may share a world, but that world is not enough, not for us all. So soon, nature will snap, and that snap, that recoil will cause untold damage and misery. Chaos will ferment and war will offer the only solution. Another war to control our planets precious recourses; water, minerals, the earth itself. What else do you expect our governments to do? How else do you expect them to appease the people? The earth cannot carry the weight of us all, but with our knowledge, with our technology, think how well we could live, if we were fewer. A Malthusian Check is coming, this is certain, and from it, we may see the final destruction of us, of humanity. Our only hope is to control the adjustment, to manage the cull, to remove billions from the equation. And soon, we will be ready. Against us stands what? You? You may have scored a small success but still, we breathe, Mr. Dean, and we prosper. We are winning the debate where the debate needs to be won. So let me assure you, the few, we will stand as giants.
We lock stares. I offer no deceit. I hide no hate.
I could hurt you in so many ways. I could take your DNA, I could splice it into a cell and eventually, nine months later, I could watch as your child is born. Whether I choose to let your child live or die is not a matter for us now, but still, how far do you think I would go? Beyond the grave?...Presence of mind, of purpose. Take the Spartans; if a baby was born who was obviously below par, their standard being based on a warrior ethic, then they would throw the baby off a cliff. So simple, and direct, honest, for the good of the people. While we, we do so over complicate matters, dont you think? There was a video on the phone of Mr. Brockhurst, which I believe you watched. Strange man Henry, he found God out of thin air. He wasnt at the bottom of the pit, he wasnt a loser, a loner, a drunk or an addict, not like your usual born again convert. No, he was successful, sharp, completely focused, and then from nowhere he found God, or as he put it, God found him. Strange. Another surprise. I soon expect a third. Anyway, the video, guess what, its going to happen. A small test. It wont give us our billions, not alone, but still, tens of thousands is far from a bad day at the officeOf course, you shouldnt think we enjoy what we do. We dont. It doesnt serve our ego, not like Oakley, he got carried away with the self, with living the dream of power. Us, what we do, we do for the good of humanity, not for the good of ourselves, something I am sure you can understand.
He passes a casual stare over the men killed by me.
You caused us problems and damage, and now we must reciprocate. Your inability to talk makes you the perfect dummy, the perfect practice doll. But let me tell you this, if you survive and further prove your spirit, I may just offer you a view, a chance to see the reality of our power, indeed the beauty of our power and the inevitability of our victory. I will then ask you a question, Mr. Dean, will you be appeased, or will you be killed?
Behind me movement pounces. Before I can turn and look, a blindfold grabs and smothers my eyes.
CHAPTER TWENTY TWO

I know what this is, torture. Pain. Good. Justice. A beautiful scream. Does the mute scream? Beyond words to the base of man. A scream to wring out sin. I have nothing to say, never, to anyone. I give them no sound. Nothing of me. My blood, spit and sweat, but nothing of me. You survive or you dont. All I think is that I would do it to them.
Darkness. Baking hot in a metal tomb. My guess, a shipping container. Definitely out at sea. Drifting in and out of black. Hungry, thirsty, but better than before, now always better than before. Alone, just me. They give me time.
CHAPTER TWENTY THREE

A slow fade back into life. The air is free and plentiful. A warm breeze moistens my eyes and stings my parched, cracked skin. Trimmed, lush green grass offers my aching body a slither of comfort. I am felled, lying in the fetal position. The warm earth soothes my grateful limbs. My sight stutters clumsily to realise the view. A green, blue, earthly vision. No need for heaven when this close to Earth. From high on a hill I look down on a rush of nature, on trees, grass, bush and plant. Every hue is ripe with life. Then buildings. A town, like a pixelated image. White, grey and brown dots scattered, unplanned. People, the chaos of people. Good for people. Shelter, from the other side of nature. And then a sea, finally a blue, sparkling sea touches the sky and closes the horizon. Is this Africa? Have they brought me? Why?
My feet are chained to the earth. My cell, is a ruin. Three stone walls, one behind and two others on either side, enclose me. On a small, folding picnic table is laid out a laptop, binoculars, a picnic hamper, a bottle of water and a bottle of champagne, both chilling in a bucket of ice.
A helicopter tears through the sky. I look up and catch a flash of military green, this leaden, dead weight forced through space.
Without thinking I crawl to the table and snatch the bottle of water. It is mine to consume and I do so in one. It almost hurts, to feel it thawing this dead in my bones.
Although irregular in height the three walls all stand at least seven foot tall. In one I see a small window, made to look toothless by a single, rusty iron bar. I take to my feet, like the new born beast, unsure and unsteady, but still feral. No pain has the force to kick me down so I jump up and take a hold of the wall, my arms hooked through the window. Scanning the view beyond I see the ruin continue. Could it once have been a colonial fort? In the near distance I see a group of twenty or so men, middle-aged to old, both white, Black and Asian. They sit at tables enjoying food and champagne. All face towards the sea and all hold or wear binoculars. They could be a group of bankers snorting up a day at the races. One of them looks like Spitz but no sign of Fox. Surrounding them are a dozen or so heavily armed men, both black and white. The black men wear green, military uniforms, the whites a mix of jeans, casual shirts and stone coloured bush clothes. Behind them three civilian helicopters wait still on the ground.
As I let myself fall I grab the iron bar and yank it from its root. Although partly decaying with rust it still has weight and, being sharp at one end, could prove a useful tool. Hearing footsteps and chatter I drop it to the ground and kick it to the base of a wall.
Into the fourth empty wall steps Fox. Dressed impeccably in a beige linen suit, and holding a glass of what I guess is champagne. He flashes a happy smile, one lubricated with drink. He could be at the wedding of a well-loved niece. Behind him stands one of the guards, a white man, who aims at me a rifle and a stare that seethes with hate. Fox speaks to me.
Ah, Mr. Dean. You wake, alive! Well done. Congratulations! In time to witness a bright, new day. A new dawn, Mr. Dean. Set to rise from the horizon in exactly, He look at his watch, then adds, fifty eight minutes timeDont worry, you are perfectly safe. I can assure you we have everything under control. So relax, replenish yourself. Savour the moment. Hear our call to history.
He smiles, knowingly then takes a sip of champagne.
Today, people will die, as they do every day, every single day, but you, I know, will have the strength to see beyond the death, to see beyond the devastation. You, Mr. Dean, will have the strength of mind to witness the truth, to see an act of kindness, one from humanity, to humanity, from the present, to the future..A minor blip anyway, because in time, when our mission is concluded, a seam of human sacrifice will plate the entire earthA seam that it will be stronger than any rock, more valuable than any fuel, and on which, Mr. Dean, we will lay the foundations for a secure and prosperous future. So, to us, Mr. Dean, to us!
He raises his glass aloft. I remain passive, neither accepting nor rejecting his words. 
The laptop will show you the island fall and then, the tsunami, it is yours to witness live. The greatest show on earth, Mr. Dean. Who needs that Jackson fellow now.
He laughs, highly amused with himself. He then turns and ambles away. The guard watches him go but keeps the rifle leering at me.
The chain that binds me to the cell is about three metres in length and bolted firmly to the back wall. Fully extended my reach would just about breach the fourth, empty wall. Not enough, this time, to grab the guard who now turns to me, reaches in to his shirt breast pocket, pulls out a set of two keys and throws them towards me. I catch them without effort. He speaks, with a South African accent.
Yours. Go. Free yourself. Ill give you ten minutes, I promise. Then, its you and me.
He wants me dead. Even so, Im tempted.  But still, Ill need more than what is currently offered so I toss the keys back. I must let him think I am now appeased. I throw the keys to fall just short of his reach. He takes the bait, lunges forward to catch them but misses. How easy it is to bruise a man. After snatching the keys from the ground he looks at me and speaks.
Good men are dead because of you. You will never be one of us!
He turns his back to face me then steps slowly away putting the keys back into his shirt breast pocket.
I move to the iron bar, sit and retrieve it. The guard stands ten metres from the cell, casting his stare towards the horizon. The bar could be fashioned into a knife, well a crude stabbing weapon, but nothing that would extend my reach. I look around. Could a champagne cork carry a blade? A short distance maybe, but with accuracy and force? 
I twist and snap off a rusty piece of the bar, a three inch blade that will work as an arrowhead. As I sharpen the tip against the stone wall the guard suddenly turns and looks at me. I stop and match his stare. His suspicion turns to contempt and he looks away, back towards the sea.
I grab the bottle of champagne, strip away the foil then carefully remove the wire. Pushing the blade into the cork is tricky and takes considerable force but finally it stands embedded, an inch deep. With my thumb held against the cork I shake the bottle to give rage to the fizz.
Now to laugh, to force a laugh. I stand and walk as far as the chain will allow me, nose-to-nose with the fourth empty wall. I have my stage, my audience of one. This should be easy, I know the ante. Laugh for the people, for the silent people. Bruise this man and reel him in. But silence, still silence. Even held against this insanity, silence, still silence. No laugh, or cry. He snaps his head around and looks at me, scowling like an animal chained and unable to attack. I fake a smile, a broad easy smile. I shake the champagne, full of cold, empty celebration. Then something ridiculous, a memory flashes, just me and my mother free and laughing. She told a joke, why was the baby strawberry crying? Because his mother was in a jam. It comes, a stupid laugh. A man laughing to himself in a crowded room, crazed and uncensored. Thank you, mother and on your behalf, fuck them, fuck them all. Hear me laugh. Hear me mock you!
Confusion glazes the guards face. Then, as is typical with such a man, the confusion raises anger and propels him towards me. Laughing, I continue to shake the bottle, the arrowhead concealed behind a palm, the cork desperate to burst but held against my thumb. With the gap between as nearly dead he swings the rifle around so that the butt is ready to beat me. With the attack a step away I release the cork, aimed towards his face. His instinct is sharp, his reaction swift. Sensing my plan he twists his upper body away. His face is saved but the back of his head takes the rusty blade. A painful grunt bellows from deep within his body as instinct rushes a hand towards the wound. I grab the hand and pull him towards me. The arrowhead hangs from the back of his head, less than an inch into his skull. Twisting to face me he thrusts the rifle towards my head. Using the bottle I block the blow. The top half shatters and I plunge what remains deep into his face. Pulling him close I use my free hand to gag his rage. Attempting to throw him to the ground, I fail. I can barely contain his struggle. With the cork close to my mouth I clamp it between my teeth then push my head forward stabbing the blade fully into his skull. His body is shocked into seizure. It shakes violently, both alive and as dead as Frankensteins monster.
With the keys now mine, I free myself from the chain, grab the binoculars then return to the body to scavenge all weapons. In a holster belt I find an automatic handgun, extra ammunition and a large hunting knife. I strip it from the body and strap it to my waist. The rifle I carry in my hands.
From the cell I flee, I run away. Down the hill and towards the coast. My plan, unknown. A dirt track provides a clear, rugged path. Dense forest on either side offers cover if needed. My pace is quick and steady. Heavy tyre tracks provide a smooth running surface. I look at my watch, I have fifty minutes left.
I have no mind to feel pain or to yield to fatigue. My mind is clear, tuned and set to detect any hint of pursuit. I am enclosed in an ever changing room, a tunnel of twisting track, arcing forest and a line of bright, white sky that hangs above me like an endless fluorescent tube.
The track levels out and I leave the hill behind. The forest thins and merges into grassland. Turning to look behind, I doubt their need to pursue me. What threat can I be? How can I stop these men now teamed with nature? I have no answers only to run harder and faster. I have forty three minutes left. 
A dozen head of grazing cattle pause to watch me pass. From behind them appear a group of six carefree kids, as sunny as the day and shabbily dressed in Western hand-me-downs. Two carry long, thin sticks. Seeing me they catch a breeze and playfully give chase. I accelerate and leave them behind.
The town is built on the tip of a small peninsula. To avoid its streets, and to reach the coastline as quickly as I can, I veer from the path and continue across the rough contours of open country. Again I trespass, into the green of pasture, waist-high grasses, bushes and trees.  A pitch for players to hide, hunt and feed. What lays hidden, poised beneath the grass? Nothing as wild as that playing from the hill.
A small incline elevates my view. I pause and aim the binoculars towards the coast. In a small, natural bay a seaplane floats on calm, blue sea. A black, wooden jetty acts as a bridge to the land. A white man, carefully preened in jeans, white t-shirt and aviator shades, stands on one of the planes floats. He crouches down and examines what looks to be a video camera fixed to the planes undercarriage. Is their means to film the island fall? A twin-engine, fixed-wing plane that could carry, I guess, the pilot plus eight to ten others. The windows, which are car-like, a windscreen plus two on either side are blackened so give nothing away. The man stands up straight, reaches into his waistband and pulls out a handgun. With it he gestures to those inside to move on out. A side, passenger door is pushed open. The man climbs on-board, pulling the door shut. The propeller flashes into life, speeding into a blur. I have four hundred metres to race. I go. Now running. The land with its contours, trees and grass gives me a chance to approach unseen. 
I take the first hundred and the plane stays still. I take the second hundred and the plane stays still. Why, for safety checks or to draw me in? I take the third hundred and the plane begins to turn. The line-of-sight moves in my favour. Distance, I fear, does not. I demand more speed but nothing comes. The land then delivers a smooth, gentle slope that files me towards the line.
I reach the jetty. The engine revs higher. I hesitate, and now, what now? Shoot my way in? The plane begins to taxi. I have no choice, I discard the rifle then lunge towards the plane. Hitting the water a hand hooks me to a strut which connects undercarriage to float. The plane accelerates sharply away. Water piles over my body, nearly breaking my grip. I manager to hook another hand then haul myself up on to the float. Water screams at me time to get off. I barely resist. Finally the force of water is replaced by the weaker rush of the air. 
Looking down the land seems smaller and yet more massive. The town is just one of several spilling over the land. I see people, their faces playing in my mind. None of them are ants or insects to crush. If I must kill, and why, I must, then I must kill the gods and save the people.
Looking forward I see the island, a cone-like structure with a flattened tip. Although small in the distance I feel its size, a billion tones formed over a million years. I check my watch, I have thirty five minutes left. 
Reaching the Island, this mountain of the sea, consumes another ten. 
Needing the plane to land I loosen my grip then carefully inch my body, feet first, through the now thick, angry air. Reaching the camera I release a kick which continues until the camera hangs limply from its fixing. A minute passes before the plane begins to descend.
From the holster I pull the handgun. Knowing it was submerged in water I pull the trigger to test it works. It does and a bullet flies wasted into nothing. 
Fearful the landing will rip me from the plane and further wet the gun I decide to use it while I can. With the plane just twenty metres from the sea I take aim and fire. Bullets rip through the undercarriage, up into the plane where the passengers sit. Their reaction is swift and bullets roar back. One slashes my right thigh nearly knocking me from the float. Hooked by a single, slipping hand I manage to pound the remaining bullets into the plane, saving the final flurry for the pilot. I then fall ten metres and crash the sea. 
Suddenly I feel still, cocooned in cool, sinuous water. Reaching the bottom of my fall I pause for a brief, calm moment before a sharp, burning pain jolts my body to kick and grab for the surface. 
Breaking into the air I see the plane land rough and hard, gorging a furrow deep into the sea. Suddenly it spins, rotating on its axis. I push the gun into the holster then set off in pursuit, swimming towards the plane and island. 
As I reach the shallows the plane slows to a halt. I take to my feet, barging my way through water stained red by the blood seeping from my thigh.
Now running, I pull the gun from the holster and load a fresh magazine. With the plane only metres a way I hear a man scream, pleading:
No!! Dont!! I can fly us!!
To test the gun I pull the trigger. It jams. I grab the knife and reach the plane. The pleading man, pleads some more.
No!! Please!! I can fly us!!
Stepping onto a float I lunge for the passenger side door, grab the handle and, with gun pointing, pull the door open. Inside, a handgun waits, raised and aimed at my face. It is held by the preened, white man who sits slumped on the backseat, his clothes now washed in blood. His eyes stare maddened, forced wide open to catch the final light, the closing moments of life. Between us is another man, a dead lump, ahead of us in the darkness. The white man speaks, punching his words towards me.
So, this is the cunt!
On the front seat a nerdy looking man, no soldier, watches us with panic and fear. Next to him the pilot lies dead.
We pause, guns aimed and waiting for command. In his other hand the white man holds what looks like a handheld radio. Glancing at my gun he speaks.
Does it work?
A spiteful shriek of laughter briefly covers his pain. He then speaks again.
Theres nothing you can do! You cant stop it. No one can stop it. But me, I can start it.
The other man replies, again pleading.
I can fly the plane! I can get us out of here!
Then fuck off!
This other man turns to me.
Im not one of them. They made me do it!
The white man replies.
Made him. Paid him! A fuckin geologist! He could help yer but fuck him, youre all comin with me!
He releases the radio letting it rest on his lap. A radio? No. A device to fire the explosives and blow the island: a digital clock counting down to zero, a keypad, an antenna, a large red button protected by a plastic cover and a metal key. He grabs the key and turns it.
The geologist screams a final demand.
No!
Then brings a third handgun into the fray, nervously aimed at the white man who responds with hateful contempt.
Two guns that wont work.
Even so he pauses, weighing up the odds. Fear, he calls, wins. He flips the plastic cover and exposes the red button. Bang! A bullet puts pay to the light. The geologist freezes, distraught at having to kill so close to death. But how quickly we learn and soon the gun is tracking towards me. I make my move slashing the knife towards his face. I win, cutting his throat. He drops the gun and grabs the wound, a fool trying to catch blood. I snap the plastic cover back over the button. The countdown shows I have twenty three minutes left. The geologist shakes with pathological shock. His wound is gruesome but not, I suspect, fatal. 
I search for and find a First Aid kit. From it I take two bandages. The first I use on the geologist, who is now a mute, submissive wreck, the second I use to plug the hole in my thigh.
And now, what now? Grab all the guns I can, three handguns and nine magazines. The emptied First Aid kit acts as a case. Finally I hook the detonator to my belt, pull the key from the planes ignition then leave the geologist to live or die.
The island seems vast and inhuman. But once, eternal and beyond the power of man.
What can I do? First what do I know? When using explosives to demolish a building, or a rock face, a series of relatively small explosions, timed to explode in an exact and precise sequence is used. This, if used here, could give me a chance. If I can interrupt or break the sequence then maybe the island will hold. 
I head for the summit, a good hundred and fifty metres high, over steep, grey, barren rock that is slippery underfoot and has little to offer a hand. As I go, I scan the ground looking for drill holes, for surely the explosives must be planted deep beneath the surface.
With fifty metres complete I pause to catch my breath. I check the clock, I have nineteen minutes left.
As I continue to climb, I feel increasingly exposed, at odds with the vastness that surrounds me. Like the child, dizzy at the thought of infinity. All that contains me seems still and at ease. Silent. Suffocating.
As I near the summit the incline flattens, so an easier place to drill. With the tsunami aimed at the mainland the side of the island primed ready to fall must also face the people. As I move towards such a position a pile of broken, drilled, rock leads me to see what surely must be
I fall to my knees to examine my find, a brown plastic disc fixed to the ground by a single screw. I grab the disc and rip it free. Beneath it I find a hole, eight inches wide and drilled deep into the ground. A length of nylon rope, bolted to the top of the hole extends down into the darkness. I grab it and pull. It carries a weight, fifteen kilos minimum. As I haul the weight to the surface I count each pull, taking each as a metre. Thirty pulls later and a copper cylinder, six inches in diameter and half a metre in length reaches the light.
I pause, holding a bomb.
Extending out through the top of the cylinder is a thin metal tube on which is fixed a small collection of electronic components. Is this the detonator and the electronics to control it? Seeing that the top of the cylinder is lipped I twist it to see if it gives, it does so I slowly continue to unscrew it. The thin metal tube remains still as the top rotates around it. Once free, I slowly lift the top away. Inside I see what must be the explosive, a compacted, white crystalline material into which the thin metal tube is pressed. With a gentle grip I take hold of the tube. Fear then forces hesitation. Could a spark explode the fuel? Suddenly, ahead of my thoughts, I yank the tube free of the bomb. 
One beat in the sequence is dead.
Leaving the detonator and cylinder, apart, on the ground I take to my feet and sprint in search of the next hole. Ten metres along, I find it. Without stopping I continue ahead. Another ten metres and another hole, and so on and so on and so on. If this pattern continues then some fifty holes must cradle a bomb. I check the clock, I have fifteen minutes left. 
Pulling a gun from the case I move to the nearest hole. After ripping the plastic cover free I fire a single shot into the darkness and towards the bomb. Nothing. No sound, no explosion, nothing. Another bullet, but again, nothing. In frustration I pull the trigger until the gun clicks empty but still, the bomb remains live.
In the sky, near the mainland an object catches my eye. A helicopter is racing towards me.
Grabbing the rope I haul the cylinder to the surface. Forty pulls, stealing a minute. As soon as the detonator comes into view I snatch it from the bomb and discard it, jabbing it into the air. Leaving the cylinder on the ground I get ready, go! Exploding from the blocks like a sprinter to the sound of a starter gun. An actual bang. Twisting my head to locate the sound I see a fading cloud of grey smoke rising above the detonator. Is this the spark, the switch to destruction? Of course. A small, volatile explosive used to snap a more stable mass. 
No bullet, not mine, would strike such a thin metal tube, but a rock?
From the ground I choose my weapon, a rock just small enough to fit the hole and a good eight kilos in weight.
With the plastic cover torn free I release the rock. Three seconds later the ground shudders and quakes. A flume of grey smoke mixed with shattered rock flees the hole. A second beat in the sequence is dead.
I sprint twenty metres to another hole. Only smaller, lighter rocks lye near-by. I take the largest, tear off the plastic cover then send the rock falling. As soon as it leaves my grip I go, sprinting to take the next twenty metres. Beneath me the ground vibrates. Another beat in the sequence is dead.
I continue, on and on, the fog of desire numbing my pain, the fear of death mauled by a raging need for victory.
As I drop the rock to snap the eighth beat dead the helicopter looms ever near, a military green predator effortlessly rushing to strike.
With time edging ahead of me and the sequence still long and intact I decide to extend my run, to leave two in the sequence live.
I continue on and on. Come, time, Come. Lost in the fog. Touched only by the present.
Fourteen beats now dead. Working the fifteenth, the bullets come, a poorly aimed volley from an ever nearing machinegun. With the rock falling I take off. Bullets track my path. 
Completing the thirty metres I dive towards the next hole. Bullets shatter rock beneath me. Close but not close enough. I destroy the beat then sprint away.
I look at the clock, I have ninety seconds left.
The bullets pause, waiting for me, the soon-to-be point blank dummy. Reaching the hole I destroy the bomb then rise and sprint away.
Have I done enough? Can I take one more? The helicopter slows to a hover, thirty metres above me, the sword of Damocles waiting to fall. 
Another hole. I hit the ground, my body collapsing. I pull the cover free then look for a rock. Finding one, I leave it, instead I grab the rope and haul the bomb up towards the light. The helicopter hangs still in the air, poised to savour the kill. It begins to turn, to bring the gunman into view, to hand him an easy shot. 
As I face my executioner the bomb reaches the surface. I wrap my hands around the cold copper casing then, ripping all energy from me, launch it high into the air. As it rises towards the helicopter I move a hand to the detonator, flick the cover then press the switch. And now, what now, have I done enough?
I cower to the ground, arms covering my head. The explosives fire. A shockwave from above flattens me, grinding me into the rock from which a dense, physical sound is flushed. I look up at the sky; the helicopter is now twisted in the air and plunging towards me. I race to my feet then burst away. Flumes of smoke and broken rock line the run of holes. As I reach the summit I dive towards and over the edge. Behind me the helicopter crashes into the ground. I plunge several metres before the filled in crater violently halts my fall.
Has it held? I stare at the ground, at grey, blank rock. My mind concussed, my body shattered and gasping for air. I cannot look or see. The ground is still. The loudest noise is the helicopter crumbling towards the sea. I wait, for some time I wait, then twist on to my back and look up at the sky. Smoke and dust cloud the air but the ground, the earth, is still and solid. The island has held. It has stood against man. A thought then suddenly appears, I have saved enough to kill some more. I must, and can, kill some more.
I stand, rising through the pain that my body screams. Limping away I see a stash of unused copper cylinders piled on the ground. Nearing them I see that each has a detonator. Are they bombs? They are. I remove a detonator, throw it hard into rock and watch it explode. With three such bombs tightly gripped I stagger away, back towards the plane.
With a lack of care, but no diminished need to kill once more, I shuffle and slide down towards the sea. 
As I near the plane I pass the bodies of the crew lumbering in the shallows. The side passenger door is pushed respectfully open. So what, this is what it takes to get staff?
Placing the bombs inside the plane the Geologist watches me, fearful and compliant. I pull the ignition key from my pocket and hold it towards him. He hesitates for a second but then takes it, gladly. He knows his job and doesnt complain. Once airborne he takes my directions and we fly towards the mountain. 
Should I fall with the bombs? Guide them to a final destination? Who, in me, is left? Only my innocence, my proof that I didnt kill, her the woman. That is my rebooting. That may allow me to live with the noise.
The fools, they remain, waiting and watching. Theyve paid their money and now demand a show.
We pass high overhead. Then turn to retrace our path. As we approach, I direct the geologist to fly low and fast. We are open and obvious and quickly seen. I expect fire to rage our way but instead they stand and stare, confused and bewildered. Using a handgun I shoot the glass from a side window. Finally, a rogue mercenary pumps bullets our way. Thirty metres from the ground, and fifty to reach the crowd below, I release the bombs. Man and earth is churned and scattered. 
The geologist looks at me with a nod of the head, as if right has been done, as if we are a team. I blank him.
And now, what now? End it, fly me to Malta.
CHAPTER TENTY FOUR

Fifteen hours, drone-like. Inside a drone. I am a drone. This constant hum is mine. No gratitude for the plane, set-up to take them back to Malta, all the way, non-stop, now hijacked by me. No thanks at all. Water, food and sleep cant calm the anger I have for land. I want my hands, digging the earth, to touch, and feel, my innocence. I need to see the proof. I need to return to me.
 The geologist conforms. Does nothing to make my trigger-happy hand twitch or snap. But still, I consider his fate. Should I kill him? Should he be my final kill? The very last one. He done enough, now how shall he pay?
CHAPTER TWENTY FIVE

We land, half a mile from shore. The breaking dawn gives us just enough light. We could taxi to land, but instead, I take to the sea and leave it all behind: the plane, the guns, the Geologist. I am free, as is he, free to explain, free to know my truth.
The swim is a race, between me and me. Needless, but me, as fast as I can go. Soon, it is me, who takes victory. Land is my prize. Back on the quayside where I once did kill.
The stone steps, embedded in time, return me to the tourist perch, which is deserted and perfect, just me alone. An audience will come soon enough, a crowd to cross-out the wrongs scarring my name. 
Out at sea, the dawn light lifts the plane into my sight. It rides a still tide to nowhere. All is peaceful and calm, but inside, can he live with himself? If so, can speak for me? Not that I need him. Not that I need anyone.
At the flowerbed I take to my knees. The earth is cool and moist. I dig down, down into the earth. Digging down, deeper than before? Definitely deeper than before. Too deep now. Now a metal box. I pull it up. A plain, metal box, heavy with something inside. I rip the lid free. Inside: a gun, a phone, ammunition, a credit card, a passport with my photo and the name James Hicks. The phone rings. I see the number on the screen, the same as the one given to me by the Sailor Man. I answer. He speaks.
Sam, I know its you. I can see you.
I could look around, but why? Why?!
Its me, you know who, your friend. I helped you. I gave you the gun, I provided you transport, the boat and the cars. 
I know who this is, now why?!
When I say, me, I mean us. It was us who helped you. We, the people who share your enemy. Who share the fight that you fought. The other side. The counter force. If you like, the good.
The good? Am I the good? Prove it!
You found a war, a secret war. You were an innocent, pulled in, and yet you scored a significant victory, but that victory was not complete, far from it. The war continues, we still must fightBut you, what now for you? The Police, the authorities, some function of government? That can never be. We can never allow that, Sam. This is not about governments, it is so much bigger than thatThe war continues, and we need you. We all need you, Sam. There is a list, on this phone, names and addresses, all taken from the contacts page of Oakleys website. You gave it to us, Sam. We were watching. We had high hopes for you, and you didnt let us down. The people on the list, they are all the enemy. Each and every one acts against humanity, as they, those you killed, acted against humanity. We will give you everything you need to eliminate them. Your name, Samuel Dean, Samuel Dean is dead. The evidence you left, has been destroyed. I repeat, destroyed. We had no other option. We couldnt let you lose. The evidence would never have given you what you wanted. That man is now dead, but you, you live to do good. We now offer you a role. We offer you a purpose. You have everything you need for the first name on the listWe can end this, James, we can end it, and we will. Together, we will complete the victory.
He ends the call. I look at the phone. Is it hacked? The screen navigates to show the list, scores of names and addresses. I hear a noise, I think I do. I grab the gun and turn. Nothing. I see nothing. Out at sea, the plane has gone, it has vanished.
The End.


