The Riddles of Hillgate
(Z & C Mysteries, Book 1)

by Zoey & Claire Kane

Copyright 2011 Breezy Reads

Published by Breezy Reads at Smashwords


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting hard work of this author.
Contact: breezyreads@gmail.com
ISBN: 978-0-975-97845-0

About the book:
Zoey Kane is known around Riverside for making risky purchases. When her daughter Claire learns a most recent investment is eighty acres on the haunted side of town, she is simply flabbergasted. Amazement takes over the whole town, however, when an old mansion is discovered deep within trees. After the estate is turned into a popular hotel, no one could have expected just how risky this purchase would be.

Z & C Mysteries, Books 1-6:
The Riddles of Hillgate
Cruise to Murder
Hexes and Xs
Legend of The Lost
A Grave Situation
The Howliday Inn
Reviews

The descriptive writing of the property, the home and the contents makes it come alive and you can almost see it. In fact, I would love to see this in a movie format.
Lynn Farris, Mystery Books Examiner

Read The Riddles of Hillgate and loved it! Cant wait till the next book comes out!
Carrie R., Fan from Breezy Reads Facebook Page

I enjoyed it because it was an over the top, slightly crazy mystery. I loved the mother daughter team of Claire and Zoey.
Colette, A Buckeye Girl Reads

Read this mind candy book and have a lot of fun
Stephanie, From Books Paradise

A very entertaining and fun read.
Kim, Kim's Bookish Place

The Riddles of Hillgate pulled me in right away. I think it is an unique setting and allows for the perfect setting of mystery packed with humor!
Jill, Seaside Book Nook


Table of Contents

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four

ONE

Rain slammed against the windshield as lightning tore at the sky. It was already difficult enough seeing the little street signs, some missing, to have to deal with a major downpour.
Turn right at Azalea Road, a quarter-mile away, the GPS spoke in a blas tone, as if Claire didnt have to fight the forces of nature just to get there.
Claire pushed the gas pedal perhaps a little too much under the circumstances. She turned her wipers up to the max, and they slashed back and forth like machetes in a jungle, clearing her sights for a fraction of a second. Nope. No Azalea.
A U-turn was the only option at this point. Azalea had to be there. Her little navigator friend, sitting nonchalantly on the dash, was never wrong. Claire turned her wheel to the left and when she was headed straight in the opposite direction, she accelerated hard. The car started to skid and swivel. There was no time to correct, just time to clench her teeth and say, Eeeee!
A ditch. But of course. What small town doesnt have random ditches at the side of the road? Her car nose-dived down into it, and just before the air bag burst out, Claire wondered how much this little accident was going to cost her.
*
Black and gray clouds loomed over Zoey Kanes little home, shaking it with their thunderclaps and lightning. In thought, she watched the sheets of rain thrown against her bedroom windows. Tonights storm was especially fierce. Having moved to the Midwest, she now experienced many storms the west coast could never imagine. 
Zo took out her dime-size cubic zirconium earrings and set them on the 1930s vanity she had won by the skin of her teeth at the auction. And, boy, was it a steal of a deal. Though it was a heroic purchase, she knew no one in Riverside could ever truly understand. She once made the mistake of telling her manicurist about a past purchase, and had been met with a pop of bubblegum and an Are we going red or pink today? Cest la vie. The small town had enough perks in spite of that. It was always so green and so lush, the neighborhoods were classically charming, and the buffetsoh, the buffetswere to die for.
 You had no date tonight anyway, love, she said to her reflection with a smile, then proceeded to comb through her long, strawberry-blonde hair.
Zos eyes swept to the framed picture of her younger self, smiling beside a brown-eyed girl making a silly face. Claire. What a doll she was. Still is, she thought. When was the last time they saw each other, anyway? Two Christmases ago? Yes. The Magazine kept her girl occupied more than ever before. It was a shame, really.
At least rainstorms could be comforting. Zo exited her bedroom with a cup of Ovaltine and headed to the living room. By habit, she picked the classifieds section to the Riverside Bugle off her table, and settled down on her sofa.
The weather had been decent that afternoon when she showed houses. Being a real estate agent was no promise of security, though. Still, Zo sat with a thrill in her heart, and nobody was there to talk to about it. She had just taken a very big chance on a property, even taking out a mortgage on her home and a couple of rentals. It was termed a Speculation buy rather than an Investment by the loan officer, and those in the industry knew what that meant. Zo didnt care if it was looked down upon; her gut was telling her she was right this time.
She put her feet up on the couch and wiggled her toes, admiring her great ankles and pretty feet. Pretty good for an old dame in her fifties, she said. I wonder if Im dressing too young, or if I should get my hair cut. She laughed. Nah! 
The doorbell suddenly rang. Oh, dear! No one was expected this evening. Could it be some man, deciding to brave the elements to see her? Just in case, she wrapped her silk robe tighter and fluffed her hair on the way to the door. 
Halfway there, she turned back to deliberately flip the newspaper to a different page. As she approached the now banging sound of a fist, she was cautious. Pretty aggressive, even for one of her dates. She imagined a fireman on the other side, a smudge of ash across one cheekbone, hair falling over smoldering eyes, bulging biceps ready to swoop her over his shoulder and carry her away. 
Oh, yeah. No fire tonight. Its raining. The truth dashed her hopes. She wondered with a chill, Who would it really be? She peeked through the peephole for a moment, trying to determine who the shadowed figure was standing on her doorstep.
Ding dong! the doorbell rang, and the fist hit the door again, making Zo jump.
Mom! Open up!
Mom? Zo looked out again. She only had one kid, and she was supposed to be in New York. She opened the door. Claire, is that you?
Yes, Mother!
It was her alright, though the usually perfect ponytail was now sopping wet and stringy  and her nose was bleeding just a bit.
Come in, come in. What on Earth is the matter? She glanced down. Two large suitcases and a carrying bag were sitting at her daughters feet.
Jack dumped me. He dumped me. The jerk!
Come in. Let me help you with your stuff.
Claire took a quick, hot showerafter calling the closest tow truck company, which happened to not be covered under her insuranceand then resigned herself at the kitchen table.
I dont know what happened, Mom. These last couple of weeks have pretty much been a blur, but I lost my job and Jack at the same time.
You lost your job? But how? You are the best editor that magazine ever had!
I thought so too, until they gently let me know that an editor with more experience than me was taking over. And Jack couldnt have that. He thought I should have fought harder for the position or something. There was no way. I dont know how, but my job loss injured his pride. Anyway, he let me know that now was a good time to make a life change for the better. He intended to, and he wished me good luck in my life without him. Tears started to form. I cant help it, Mom. It makes me angry. I wasted my precious time on him instead of finding somebody with better character.
Zo grumbled. Jack. What an insensitive  well, anyway, Claire, you are beautifulyou are my daughter. Remember that! And anyone stupid enough to let you go, either in business or relationship, is a fool and we both know that, dont we? And out of the side of her mouth, she said, I never liked him anyway.
Claire dabbed her tears dry. Her nose and cheeks were a little red, but she was going to be okay. They sat there a moment in thought, listening to the patter of the rain.
Claire pointed. What is that? 
What? Zo looked behind her.
That! That old, rusty box.
It isnt an old rusty box, my dear.
Well, then, what is it? Its so big.
Its a trunk. You know, a treasure sort of trunk.
A treasure trunk, eh? Claire arched an eyebrow, completely skeptical. Where did you get it? In the freebie section of the classifieds?
Oh, please! Zo felt slight embarrassment. It was from an auction.
How much did you bid on it, Mommy dear? said Claire very suspiciously.
What does that matter? Three hundred buckaroos, if you must know.
Youve done it now. What a waste. Its hideous.
Oh, come on. Settle down. Its an antique.
Claire shook her head, and leaned her chin against the palm of her hand. Her mother had always been a dreamer, buying grab bags just to find out what was inside.
Darling, let me open it up for you. Its really quite neat. Zo pulled her large key ring from her purse, which held many, various keys. She found the one she wanted and opened the trunk.
Claire stood up to look inside. Its newspapers! You paid three hundred dollars for newspapers.
Now, wait. Dont get so hasty. Take a look at this one. Zo pulled it out carefully from the stack and set it on the table in front of them.
Riverside fire nearly wipes out town, headlined the front page.
Riverside fire? Whats the date on that?
July fifth, 1927.
Claires mood instantly switched. This is fantastic! Thats the fire that weve all heard rumors about, here, straight from the source!
Zo happily watched her daughters big and charming brown eyes skim over the article.
Claire read aloud, The rampant fire tore through the whole west side of the river, causing over eight-hundred people to go homeless. She hungrily continued reading until the article was at its end. She huffed. They didnt say how it started. I guess they didnt know.
I would guess fireworks, since it reports that it happened on the fourth of July, Zo stated.
We should save this paper somewhere safe, frame it or something. Its a journalistic relic. A bit of history of our town.
Ill lock it back up in my antique trunk for now. Zo smiled a wry smile. She also wanted to burst out and tell her daughter all about the investment she made this last week in something much, much bigger and better. But it would have to wait for the morning, so Claire could see it with her own two eyes.
That night they slept in the same king-size bed so they could talk to each other until falling asleep. It had been too long since Zo had a really good opportunity to visit with her daughter. New York kept them apart. She tried to keep the appropriate sad-for-her-daughter concern, but when Claire announced that she was going to temporarily move in, Zos heart could only leap in joy.


TWO

Zos van screeched as it lurched to a stop outside the Homestyle Buffet. Even for being the most popular restaurant in Riverside, it was busier than usual for 9 a.m., the lot completely full. She stepped out of her scratched and dented ride wearing a fashionably baggy v-neck with a belt, jeggings and heels. The scent of gravy and pies filled the air, welcoming her to what was sure to be a superb breakfast.
Claire had to slam her passenger side door a second time just to get it to shut. Even still, it needed a swift kick to get it to click tight. Once inside the restaurant, she offered to pay for their meals, already having her wallet handy.
Oh, no, no, no. Zo dug through her purse for her credit card. Its on me.
Its okay, Mom. Really. Twenty dollars was held out for the patiently-waiting cashier.
Zo gently smacked her daughters hand aside. No, its your first day in town, and Im your mother. Plus, you have no job.
Claire conceded, putting away her money, and the girl at the register said to Zo, Senior discount?
I hope you mean high school, the offended, yet chipper, guest chuckled.
Sorry. The girl punched in the amount due, and swiped the card. They waited a moment for the satellite to communicate with the terminal. An annoying buzz sounded from the machine. Oh The cashier handed back the card. It says its declined.
Zo plastered a smile back on her face, and said, Whoops, I, um, dont know what to say about that.
Claire hurriedly pulled the twenty back out of her purse. Here you go.
A hostess came right over and escorted them to the last available spot in the whole place. It was a small table, just for two, along a wall. People were mingling in the center of the restaurant, dressed in their best business attire, each sporting a hand-written nametag.
Zo lowered her voice as they went toward the buffet with their trays. The Chamber of Commerce is here. I completely forgot about the meeting. Why they still feel like they need the nametags beats me, since everyone knows everyone here.
Were you going to attend? Claire asked. 
No, its just a bunch of people selling their wares to each other, you know. I never did feel like I fit in. Oh, well.
Claire piled her plate with anything and everything to bring her comfort. Beside her slab of honey ham and gravy, were also sausage links. Zo also piled her plate up, but out of routine only; she especially liked their buttery Brussels sprouts. Usually Claire and Zo were wary of greasy foods, eating mostly salads and chicken or fish, but today they threw wisdom to the side.
On the way back to their table, two women stopped them in the aisle. They were both around Zos age, wearing skirt suits with formal nametags made of plastic boasting their real estate companys logo. Hello there, Zoey, the taller one with dark hair said.
Oh, hi, Penny. Im just out with my daughter Claire. Do you remember her?
Yes, I do. Her face lit up. Are you still with that dashing young man we got to meet at the community Christmas partywhat was it?two years ago?
I remember him, the other said, with interest. She had blond hair and a pug nose. Tell usany wedding bells ringing soon?!
Um, no. Claire felt her voice wanting to catch. And no, weve broken up. Im not with Jack anymore. She smiled to be politeand to force back the tears that were always sitting behind her eyes lately, just waiting to break loose.
Thats too bad, the brunette said.
Yes, yes it is, the other agreed.
No. Claire tightened her grip on her tray. It was actually a good thing.
Thats right, Zo defended. He lacks integrity, and shes better off changing her mind about him.
Penny simply cocked her head to the side, as if testing Claires expression for the truth of the matter.
Yes, I suppose, the blonde said, though she didnt look satisfied.
Anywho. Penny moved aside just a bit to let them through. Well have to catch up some more sometime, Zoey. Things are going quite well for me. Just had a client close on another home yesterday. So, keep me posted about how your company is faring during this tough economy if youre getting any business yet. There was a hint of a smirk.
Zo just forced a tight-lip smile and continued on her way down the aisle to their seats. It felt like all eyes were on them as they forked their comfort food. Occasionally, Zo would look up, meet eyes with someone, and give a little wave.
I had the feeling they were more nosey than actually interested in my well being, Mom.
You wouldnt be so wrong on that, sweetie.
Claire furrowed her eyebrows. Why are they all looking at us so much? 
Oh, theyre just interested in the fact that youre back here. You know, small town busybodies.
But I didnt even grow up here. They barely know me.
That doesnt matter to them. Even more of a reason for them to be curious. Youre a new face to talk about.
For the next several minutes, the mother and daughter did a good job ignoring all the eyes, and continued eating in privacy, enjoying catching up with each other.
Right after this, we gotta go change our shoes, and head out to my surprise. Zo smiled, taking a bite of breakfast potatoes.
Oh, we have to change our shoes?
Yes, youll need something for a bit of hiking.
Oh. Claire perked up. Okay. Im game. I could use a nature walk after being cooped up in Manhattan so long.
A man stood in the midst of The Chamber of Commerce, and made some brief announcement, before starting his presentation on customer service. When he specifically settled on the topic of retaining clients, he asked the crowd to share advice. A voice called out, Ask Zoey Kane!
All eyes again returned to their table. Zo wiped her mouth in surprise and waved the thought away. Its okay. Im just eating. I have no advice. 
Thats because the only client she has is herself, a woman said, loud enough for all to hear. The room erupted with laughs. Zo felt her face flush, and spotted the perpetrator as Penny, of all people, who was really laughing it up with her tablemates.
Thats rude, Claire said, not caring if anyone heard.
I think that was the point. Zo felt her regular color returning to her face. Penny is the queen of passive aggressiveness, if you hadnt already noticed, dear.
Hey, Zoey, another woman called out, I have a bridge to sell you.
More chuckles, and someone else piped in, I know the name of a Nigerian prince who can loan you money!
The teasers might as well have been doubled over and rolling on the floor at this point, each congratulating each other on their remarks. All the while, the head of The Chamber stood at the front, quietly annoyed.
This is terrible, Claire said, feeling heat rise within. From years of standing at the head of tough boardroom meetings at Eye Witness Magazine, she was suddenly prepared to confront The Chamber head on. She stood up, straightened her blouse over her velour pants, and said, Thats enough! What has my mother done to deserve such remarks? So she enjoys considering the possibilities of unique investments. So do I.
You didnt hear? Penny said, more smug than ever before, still sitting.
Claires eyes focused on the asp in the grass, and Zo said, Oh-oh. This is sure to be part of my surprise. What I was going to show you after this.
Penny finished, She bought eighty acres of nothingness, right next to the towns dump.
That news made Claire speechless a moment, as her business savvy was seriously appalled at such information. She blinked a few times, before saying, I dont think that is any of your business. In fact, I dont think its anyones business.
Everyone was silent thereafter. The Chamber tried to resume its meeting as if nothing awkward had just happened. To try to bring peace to the situation, the chairman even remarked that business, and the economy, had been tough on everyone lately. Zo suggested they just leave already, but Claire was immovable: We are staying and enjoying the rest of our meal.
Thankfully, The Chamber finished up their meeting and started meandering out the door before Zo and Claire finished their desserts. They were finally able to have some time to relax alone over ice cream cones.
A man with a toupee hesitantly walked over to their table, fidgeting with his tie.
Hello, boss! Zo beamed. How are you?
Well, um, Zoey, thats what I wanted to come over here to talk to you about. And I apologize, because I see your lovely daughter is here with you, but Id like to have a moment with you for just a sec.
Go ahead, Claire said, and Zo stood to go talk to him in a booth across the way. Recently being fired herself, Claire was familiar with the apologetic look in the mans eyes as he shook his head, and centered his focus on a ketchup bottle half the time.
At the end of their conversation, Zo slowly nodded, and put the strap of her purse back over a shoulder in acceptance. The man left and Claire approached her mother with a heavy heart. She gave her a hug. Dont worry, Mom. It seems we have a lot in common. Lets go. She patted her mother. And this too shall pass.
At least I have you, Zo said. Thats most important, you know. As long as I have you, things cant get any worse at this point.
*
The tow truck drove out of the lot, pulling a beat-up white van. The repo man yelled out the drivers side window, Sorry, Zoey! and took off down the road.
Crud! She dropped to the curb and put her head in her hands. A couple of men from Millers Realty Group were driving out of the parking lot together and paused in front of Zo and Claire. The passenger side window lowered on the Cadillac, and the one at the wheel asked, Was that your van, Zo?
She nodded and answered, Yes, Im afraid so.
The guy actually looked a little compassionate. Just as a word of advice for your sake, Zoyou would do far better if you did more selling than buying. He closed the window and his passenger laughed as they drove away.
Did we do something awful in a past life? Claire sat down with her, sighing. My car wont be out of the shop for a couple more days.
Zoey dialed her neighbor, but her phone just rang and rang. She shut the cell, put her head in her hands. Tears streamed down her expressionless face.
Who else can we catch a ride with? Claire asked.
Just then a blue garbage truck pulled up to the curb.
*
Zo squished between the garbage man and her daughter, feeling the cross breeze through the doorless truck ruffling her hair. She ignored the desire to pinch her nose in disgust. The scent of their load wasnt pleasant, to say the least, but there was nothing she could really do about that. There wouldnt be a Christmas tree air freshener large enough to eliminate its stink of rotting food and dirty diapers. Thanks, Max, she said, truly grateful.
The old man nodded. No problem. Anything for you, Miss Zo. They drove away from the Homestyle Buffet, down a lonely road. I have some stops to make on the way, but Ill get you home soon enough.
Just their luck, it seemed like down every street, at least one resident was outside: mowing their grass, fixing up their flower bed, walking their dog. The news would surely spread about the embarrassment at the buffet, and subsequently the news about the repossession of what was a junker of an automobile anyway.
Closer to home, they stopped at a curb that had three bags of garbage beside a trash can. Maxs energy was running low; he was seen stretching his back. Claire set her purse at her feet, and then hopped down to the pavement. We can help you out.
Ah, you ladies dont have to do that, Max said, coming over. But it was evident his advanced age really wasnt doing him any favors.
Before he could protest further, Claire hefted two bags, and Zo grabbed the remaining one. Claire set hers down in the trucks back lift. Zo was ready to drop hers down, too, when a red Lexus drove up, pulling into the homes driveway. She knew that car; the decals advertising Green Tree Realty were hard to miss around town. Out stepped Penny, who put her shades up on her dark hair, looking absolutely amused. Hello, she waved, her smile broadening.
Zo stepped back and dropped the bag, keeping her eyes on the woman in embarrassment. Just helping out Max, she said.
The woman stayed by her car, and asked, So this isnt your new job?
Claire stepped beside her mom, looking back and forth between the two, ready to jump into the situation any moment.
No, no. Zoey smiled brightly. I just do this for free.
Well, have fun with that.
I will.
Just then the trucks lift came to life. Zo hadnt realized in the middle of the confrontation that she had stepped into the mechanism by accident. The strange motion she felt, from it raising her up, she thought to be the effects of her world metaphorically starting to crumble beneath her.
Pennys eyes widened, and Claire burst out, Mother!
Zo snapped out of it, and nearly toppled out in surprise. She reached down and gripped the sides of the lift in worry. Max! Stop!
Claire ran over to the drivers side, but it was too late. Penny watched Zoey get dumped right into the trucks heap of trash. Zoey popped her head up out of the stinky bed, a banana peel adorning her hair like a homeless womans barrette.
Thats more like it, Penny said, laughing, before snapping a photo with her cell phone.
Penny Simcox! Zo growled. Youve crossed the line. We cant be frenemies anymore.
THREE

The 1980s Datsun bucked and sputtered as Zo slowed and then parked the car. Its not the greatest, but neither was my van.
Claire gave a sympathetic smile. That Max guy is so nice letting you borrow it today. I just hope it doesnt keel over while were using it.
True that.
In the distance, to their left, was an old and rusty industrial location. To their right were acres of overgrown wilderness. There was a tall black iron gate sitting a few feet away, guarding the overgrowth. They walked to the gate along a cracked and uneven sidewalk, watching their step along the way.
Claire craned her neck to look up to the top of the rust-speckled barrier. Nothing else was in sight but the monstrous gate and chaotic green growth. She was not feeling optimistic, but decided to try to look like whatever her mom wanted to show her was wonderful in some sort of way.
Surprise! Zo smiled with great energy.
You bought Stephen Kings fence?
Well, and a bit of land.
How much land was that again?
Approximately eighty acres. It is described as a hill.
Claire couldnt hold back the look of feeling further disappointment, as her eyebrows raised and her lips stayed zipped tightly.
Oh, now settle down. This is exciting. I havent even tromped through this land yet. You and I together will be the very first time. That is why I told you to wear long pants and sturdy shoes.
You dont even know what it all looks like? Mother? This is on the east side of the river: the downtrodden, worse than ghetto, poor and unkempt area. Nobody ever has reason to travel to this side of town. Its a no-no. There are even horrible urban ghost stories about this area. So much for the wonderful pretense. She immediately felt guilt wash over her, knowing that Penny and the others had already done a thorough job of making her mother feel miserable.
Yes, I admit, I have heard those stories, too. And I do believe in ghosts, but I thought you didnt, my dear.
Claire cocked her head. Youre right. I dont, but She stopped herself, not wanting any more regrets.
Zo unzipped a compartment to her faux-snakeskin purse to reveal an old, large key. This is it, Claire. Lets have some fun.
They each struggled to turn the key in the lock, and then struggled to push each side of the gate open enough to squeeze themselves through. The tangled weeds didnt help at all. After closing it back up, they made sure to re-lock it  just because of Zos protective instinct.
They continued their journey, following what little bit of broken-up, paved road they could perceive through all the fallen branches, brush, twigs, sticks and stickers. Much of the stickers were goat headsthe thorniest. 
 Up along the way, Zos eyes caught glimpse of several stone structures plotted in the earth. They walked off the path for a moment to investigate. Claire pushed weeds down and away from the plots to see. William Fillmore, 1847 to 1908. Another read, Julian Fillmore, 1840 to 1918. There were other members of a Fillmore family as well.
Each of the headstones had been engraved with so much care. A couple of them had angels carved in graceful solace, while others boasted ornate crosses.
Look at the beauty of this, Mother. Only a Michelangelo could produce such beauty from stone.
I agree. It is marvelous A large angel held a tablet that read, The Fillmore family cemetery.
That gave the journey a bit of an awe moment, but, as they continued their walk, Zo needed to rest several times. They had been hiking slowly uphill, and Claire would have to stop and wait for her to keep up. And the more they walked, the sadder Claire became. She couldnt stop thinking about what a waste this buy had been  how her mom could have invested money in some other business.
How long have we been walking? asked Zo.
A while. Im not sure.
Zos face was slightly red from exhaustion.
Mom, take this. Claire pulled a water bottle out of her purse. Drink it all.
What about you?
Ill be okay.
It seemed to get steeper the more they walked. Then the hill leveled out into a plateau. For a while, the trek felt like it went slightly downhill. We should have driven, I suppose, Zo finally said.
Yeah  if we had some kind of trailblazer vehicle!
Zo took a moment to put her hands on her knees and lower her head to gasp in air. The long walk, and now hot sun, was tiring her out.
Claire turned to help. Are you okay? Maybe we should turn back, go to the car and leave. I dont think theres anything to this land that we havent seen already.
But when Zo stood up and looked down into the mist below, a cloud swept away, revealing something dark and magnificent. Oh, my!


FOUR

Claire looked in the direction her mother was staring. Wow! What is that? 
Zo took binoculars out of her purse. She looked through them and smiled with an occasional Oh! Then she handed them to Claire.
In the distance stood an enormous structure, consisting of three stories, with large, dirty windows and stained glass artfully spread across its wide face like clouded gemstones. The attics several small windows reminded Claire of portholes on a ship. Stones of many shapes and hues decorated the base, set in cement mortar. Sturdy wooden panels striped their way across the house, though the white paint was starting to peel away. Birch and willow trees were leaning, weeping, and bowing to the estate, protectively concealing its residence. The double-door entrance was tall and black with antique brass knockers.
Tattered with time, green awnings shaded many of the windows. One awning had completely unhinged itself on one side, leaving the other end to hold on while it rapped against the window it once protected. The sound was unnerving as it echoed from the distance.
Mother, this cant be yours. It cant really be yours.
Well, of course it is. Why not?
After some walking, they approached the front doors. Zo anxiously looked around to find a key somewhere. The gate key, of course, didnt work. Come on, lets try another entrance.
They went through the jungle of overgrowth and trees, moving branches out of their way with every step. The backyards remnants told them it once had a well-manicured garden. Pots, which once held live plants, sat in order, and sculptures covered in ivy gleamed around them. Zo and Claire were careful where to step so they wouldnt stumble.
They spotted another building, which was short in width and long in length. It was a few yards away, successfully camouflaged within the overgrown brush because of its green paint. Zo walked over to it, and Claire followed. There were windows, but they were too high up for them to look through. Even if they could, they realized the windows were too dark, masked in layers of old dust. There were a couple sets of large double doors, much larger than the front door of the residence.
What do you think is in there? Claire clutched a rusty lock to its set of doors. Storage?
Sure, that could be it. Maybe a workshop? Zo pressed a palm against a door.
We could probably break through this lock, if we had the right tools.
Oh, I wouldnt want to break anything. Lets hurry and see if we can first get inside the house. Then, maybe, we can think about this place and how else we can enter.
They came to one of the estates back doors. A torn screen and cobwebs guarded it. Claire tried her luck this time at the latch. To her surprise, it opened. They quietly stepped inside to a kitchen.
The kitchen had a couple of large gas ranges and there was even a rotisserie set-up between them. There wasnt just one sink but three, right next to each other. Two refrigerators were wider than any they had ever seen at Sears. Walk-in refrigerators, Zo thought. Large pots and pans hung above the center of the kitchen stoves, and other than being dusty, they looked to be clean and in good condition. They had fun going through the many drawers, finding real silverware, china and heavy crystal glasses.
Zo took a moment to open a little ornate bowl that sat on a counter by itself. Three little sugar cubes greeted her. How would you like some tea with these three little hundred-year-old sugar cubes?
This place must be well over a hundred years old, Mother, and yet everything is still in its place. Its amazing.
Zos eyes were wide in excitement. Lets keep looking. I want to see the rest of this place!
They pushed open the swinging, double kitchen doors to meet the center of the house. It seemed to be almost an acre by its length and width. Tapestries hung side by side, climbing the tall walls. There was so much space around them; the air felt unreal. The foyer was like a grand hall. Looking up, they beheld a large crystal chandelier hanging gracefully, still glittering with its thousands of cut beaded crystals. If they really paid attention, they could discern a faint and surreal sound like wind chimes coming from the chandelier. In the center of the foyer, a deep mahogany staircase, carved in splendor, unwrapped itself up to the two other stories.
Zo gripped the banister in excitement. Hurry. Lets see the upstairs.
They quickly climbed the stairs. They stopped in the center of the hallway on the second floor. It appeared that the hallway led to a west wing and an east wing. 
The east wing was darker and more ominous than the west wing. It took them a moment to comprehend the fact. At the end of the west wing was a circular window, letting the sunlight shine forth, whereas the east wing had a stained-glass window of dark red, blue, and green. The hallway on the east wing was also very narrow; if two adults walked side by side, their shoulders would graze along opposite walls.
Zo whispered, I feel like the beast from Beauty and the Beast is lurking somewhere in those shadows.
Claire didnt know what lured her to go to the east wing first, but Zo followed behind in anticipation. They walked carefully down this hall. Claire saw a black spider lower itself by a thread of web down to the wood floor and creep away under a wall.
Claire opened the first door to her right. In the darkness, they perceived that it was a small room, meagerly furnished. It had a single twin-size bed in a corner, neatly made with dark sheets and one pillow. In the opposite corner of the room sat a lamp on a small dresser. They exited. After opening a few more doors, they realized the ten bedrooms lining the left of the hall matched each of the ten rooms lining the right side.
These must have been servants quarters, Claire said.
I am assuming so
This time, Zo led the way to the west wing and opened the first door to their right. They could hardly see a thing, but it felt very spacious and very cold. Zo felt her way around the room. Look for a window with me, she said.
Claire felt around also, accidentally knocking something over; it shattered on the ground. Oops. I wonder what that could have been.
Zo found a window, but it wasnt one that she was used tothe kind that you just push up to open. She felt along and found that she had to unlatch a lock and push it outward on hinges. That bit of an opening cast enough light into the room to tell what it was. A bathroom.
A very nice vanity and bathroom, Claire added.
Zo realized she was a couple steps away from a brass bathtub that sat on four legs. Claire looked into the large oval mirror which hung above a marble sink and counter top. Around it wound intricate black iron designs and carved wood. A little velvet, mauve stool sat in front of it. Perfumes of different sizes, with and without atomizer pumps, decorated the vanity. Claire carefully picked up a powder puffthe powder was still intactand sniffed at the gentle gardenia scent.
Zo walked to the counter, gently lifting bottles and smelling each fragrance. Zo noted they werent like any of the baby powder or musk scents that were so popular today; these perfumes captured the scents of different blooming flowers. She snuck one of her favorite perfumes into her pants pocket. 
Claire noticed. Mother, what are you doing? If this is truly your place, why do you feel like sneaking that perfume like you just did?
I couldnt resist. I could wear it around town. Besides, getting an estimate by an antique dealer couldnt hurt.
Well, just dont look like a burglar while youre doing it. Wipe that guilt off of your face. She added, You know, there should be a certain reverence for all the items in this estate. Every inch of this mansion has antique value. I dont know how much of this stuff we should even touch. Lets be very careful.
Youre right, Claire. Reverence is bliss.
I thought it was ignorance that was bliss.
Why would ignorance be bliss? Zo said. Come on, lets continue our hunt.
There were just three more rooms in the west wing, but it was just as long a hall as the east wing. This told Claire and Zo that they were in for a real treatmuch larger, grandiose rooms. 
They proceeded in order, opening a room beside the bathroom. The smell of tobacco caught their attention upon entering. It wasnt overpowering, but distinct. Claire opened some curtains, letting in light. Their assumption was correctit was a mans room. Right away, they saw an oak armoire and a full-size bed. A map of the States was nailed up on a wall, with black and white pictures of old automobiles surrounding it.
A black barber chair sat in a corner. The weight of it sunk an imprint into the checker-patterned linoleum. It sat in front of a sink, chest of drawers, and mirror. Everything was dustyjust as the rest of the mansionbut in good condition.
Zo opened a door beside the chair, which she thought belonged to a closet. Surprisingly, it was heavy and it had suction, like opening a refrigerator. Heres where the tobacco scent is coming from. Ever seen a walk-in humidor before, Claire?
Oh, my goodness! Look at that! Mom, you cannot really own this house! Claire walked inside.
I told you I do. Lock, stock and cigar barrel!
Cuban! Care for a cigar?
Maybe  later. Come on out now, or this door might close and we could find you a hundred years later, well preserved with moist skin. Come to think of it, maybe I should spend a few hours in here a week.
Another door was opened.
Closet! The era of hats! Men dressed so much more elegantly. I would like to see more of that, said Zo. I am sick of sweatshirts! See the bone white and brown Oxfords, Claire?
Claire was busy with her own discoveries. Oh-oh! I found the weapons room! It showcased rifles and pistols under glass. He must have been a collector! Hey, there is a Kentucky rifle in here.
What does that mean? Zo asked, having entered.
I dont know. Thats what it is labeled. And a 1911 .45 automatic Colt pistol. And a Colt made in 1903. There are a lot of rifles that seem to belong to some guy, John Moses Browning.
Zo smiled. Think they are worth anything? Or should we take up target practice? 
Id rather take up golf, Mother.
Thats good, because there are a whole lot of golf clubs and equipment across the room over there.
You know, what we need to do is take inventory of everything in this house; keep what is right to keep and see about finding a way to protect all of what we are finding. One thing is for sure, we must keep all of this a secret for now. If anyone sees us coming or going, we will emphasize the old cemetery and jungle overgrowth of this impossible propertya property that it is mostly uphill.
Yes, yes. Zos eyes were wide in agreement.
Claires eyes darted past her mom to the doorway. What was that?! 
What? What was what? Zo turned to look. 
It was a flicker. A motion, I thought. Claire hastened to the door and hallway. Nothing. I see nothing.
Now, you stop that! Or Im going to have to load up one of those pocket guns and start carrying.
That was enough of cigars and guns for them at the moment. They decided to hurry and go on to the next room. It was right across from the mystery mans room. It had double doors, which swung easily inward. A large picturesque window had open, silk drapes that flowed around and down and touched the wood floor. A bed with posts reaching to the ceiling sat in the center of the room. Just by pure habit, Claire looked for a TV opposite it, but realized quickly, when seeing the magnificent fireplace, what a fool she was for expecting that. She went over to the fireplace and looked at the old black smoke stains on the stone.
Zos attention was taken with the oil painting that hung above the bedso large, so real. It was a portrait of a woman with a white bouffant hairdo, wearing a gray dress with a robe lined in what she supposed was rabbit furvery common for royalty back then. The womans gaze was haunting. These people were filthy rich.
This feels like a dream, Mother.
They spent a lot of time going through every inch and corner, nook and cranny, closet and dresser. Then Zo and Claire lay on the bed, taking turns reading passages from multiple diaries, which they discovered in a chest that sat at the foot of the bed. The name of the woman in the painting was Loretta Fillmore. She came from a wealthy line of Europeans. Her husbandwho loved his guns, cars, and Cuban cigarswas Thomas Fillmore. Thomas was a self-made success, having worked his way up from dirt farmer to bank owner. They had only one child, Lilly.
I wonder what happened to them, Claire said. Why did they abandon this place? Was there something so pressing that caused them to suddenly up and leave some of their most precious belongings behind?
If they were that rich, they could afford to pack a suitcase of money and just go.
They lay there in awe, tired from all their time spent discovering so many amazing things, including the mystery of the Fillmores.
I cant believe its already night time, Claire said.
There is no way I am walking back to our car, dear.
What should we do?
I suppose we can sleep in this bed.
With all the dust? 
Help me remove the bedspread. Im sure not one molecule of dust has touched this bed in a century.
As they lay in bed, Claire and Zo couldnt stop their rampant thoughts. If this really was true, it was the best kept secret in Riverside, and it was all theirs. As they began to simmer into a slumber, something woke Zo.
Claire, are you awake?
Hm, yeah, she said groggily.
Do you hear that?
No. What?
Allegany Moon ta da ta da, Zo sang quietly.
I hear the melody too, now.
What do you suppose it is? Its giving me a fright.
It sounds like its maybe a clock. Im sure the time is on the hour right now and a clock is chiming.
Okay. Zo accepted it, but a chill went down her spine, and it took her another hour to fall asleep.


FIVE

They decided their secret could only last so long. They had to get the mansion ready for visitors. Zo and Claire spent the next couple of months taking care of business.
Cleaning and clearing out valuables that they felt belonged in a safety deposit box was a top priority. While they worked inside, especially washing the many windows, Zo hired a crew from out of town to professionally install a black asphalt drive. The wide drive started from the gate and extended all the way to the side of the house. Next to the house they added a large lot for parking. The two were excited to not have to make the dreaded walk anymore. It was expensive, but Zo sold her two rentals to another realtor, cheap, to get the money to get the job done.
The finishing touches to their new residence would be manicuring the front and back yard. Just enough acreage would be tamed and beautified around the homes perimeter to properly accentuate the beauty of the estate. Curb appeal was especially important to the mother and daughter, so they decided to get lots of pretty plants. This venture took almost all the rest of Zos money. Once again she hired out-of-towners to do the clearing, cleaning and manicuring. A sprinkler system topped off the job.
*
Hello, Jim. Zo parked her shopping cart to the side of her aisle, spotting one of her old neighbors.
Hey, Zoey. How are you?
Great. Hey, this is my daughter, Claire. Shes staying with me for a while.
Jim was in his thirties and handsome. Claire was in her mid-twenties and equally as pretty.
Hi, Claire. Nice to meet you. He shook her hand and smiled.
You, too. Claire felt the flush of pink come to her cheeks.
Jim then looked at their shopping cart, filled with flowers and a couple of small potted trees. I see you two visited the garden department. He smiled again.
Yes, Zo said. Its something my daughter and I love to do whenever were together. A hobby sort of thing, you know. Claire is such a talented daughter. She has a green thumb. Oh, and she is also good at baking
Claire nudged Zo and said, Cmon, we need to head back.
Yes, well, it looks like youve got some project on your hands. He noticed that the bottom part of the basket was equally as full with bushes and ivy sprouting and tumbling their leaves out. Ivy will take over your house. Be careful.
Thanks. These are going in some rather beautiful and interesting pots on a cement patio.
They parted ways. Claire paid with her credit card and they soon left. Mother, dont try to set me up. I just broke up with Jack.
Oh, please. I was just being friendly with a neighbor. Besides, if he finds you attractive, whats the harm in that?
Claire rolled her eyes.
In Claires dented up car, they fit many things to fix up the house. 
*
As Claire dug a hole for her mother to place a potted flower, she was thinking about business opportunities. You know, we both lost our jobs, and yet we are both creative. We need to strategize how we could be financially free.
Well, we are now. Arent we? Coming upon this find here?
No, Mom. Money like this, or inherited money, doesnt last long. It gets spent and then its gone forever. Like movie stars that are out of the loop for a while, you suddenly hear on the news that theyve gone broke. You see what I am saying? We cant survive off of the antiques and equity of this house forever
Youre right.
You dont want to have to sell this place to anyone else or sell your antiques anyway, right?
Of course not. So, what do you suggest we do?
Lets have people pay to stay here
What? Rent these rooms? I couldnt. Out of all of my investments in rentals, I could never rent this place.
No, Mother. Think bigger and better. Well make it into a hotel.
A hotel?
Sure. It has enough rooms, doesnt it?
Well, yes. And it has the whole third floor, too, with the billiards room and the library, a parlor, and a ballroom.
Yes. We could even hire a gourmet chef, live singers, maids
I dont know. This makes me a bit apprehensive.
Why?
Everything is so valuable. I dont want anything to break or become stained or soiled.
Well pack valuables like that into storage.
The more they talked, the more comfortable Zo felt about the idea. What shall we call this hotel?
Hotel Mansion?
No, no, no. Not whimsical enough. Zo stood and brushed dirt off of her hands. The little pansy flowerbed was coming along, looking so delightful. Were behind a hill, locked in by a gate
Hillgate Manor! Claire burst. It wont take long, Mom, because we already have most everything in placeincluding the new roadway. All we have to do is set up a counter for a register and registry. Oh, and we need to get the locks changed on all the bedrooms. 
Yes! Yes! They high-fived. 
That night, lying in the silk sheets of the mistress who lived there long ago, Zo expected to hear the melody that she had heard every night since their first nights stay over two months ago; the melody of the song Allegany Moon. Her expectations were correct.   
 Claire, wake up.
What is it?
That song again. You know, I had accepted for a while that that tune was probably coming from a clock, but I only hear it at night after we get into bed and Im half asleep.
This house is so big, Mother. How could you hear it if youre in other parts of the house? Its probably a clock thats in a room next to us. We only hear it when we are half asleep. It makes perfect sense.
Well, Im curious. Im more than curious. I have to find out if its a clock or isnt it.
Okay. Now youre giving me the creeps.
Zo pushed the silk sheets off of them. Lets go.
Okay, fine.
They both threw on a robe and exited the master bedroom. Zo grabbed a flashlight she had stashed under the bed. The sound was so close, but was it coming from the left? From the right? Just above them? Below them? Where was it?
This is like trying to find my cell phone, Claire joked.
Zo concentrated. Im sure its coming from this next bedroom over. 
They had entered that room before. They knew it was a young womans room, because of the lace curtains, white bed and porcelain trinkets. Zos light from her flashlight zipped around the room. It stopped on the oil painting of a young woman who must have roomed there. Gentle brush strokes produced a portrait of a girl of maybe seventeen or eighteen years of age. Her blonde tendrils delicately fell to the top of her high-necked dress. Her blue eyes were aquamarine. The pearl buttons on her neckline just about popped off the picture. And they couldnt miss the large gold locket around her neck.
It has to be something in here, Claire said, frustrated. But no clocks were on the walls. Oh, theres something moving over there. Look!


SIX

On the dresser by the bed, by the little lamp, a porcelain carousel turned round and round, slowly playing the song.
You think its possessed? Zo asked.
Get real, Mother. Its okay. It must run on a timer of some sort. Claire went over to it and right when she picked it up the song stopped playing. Its like a music box. It looks like theres a compartment under here you just open by She turned a knob and the bottom suddenly released and fell to the ground.
Ah! Zo gasped. Thank goodness it didnt break.
I dont see anything that winds. Claire held it upside down. Aim the flashlight on it, Mother. I cant see too well.
Zos hand shook as she aimed it right on the bottom and witnessed for herself there were no mechanics to the box. Its empty.
Its okay. It must be hidden somehow under the horses. We just cant see it. Or it could have fallen out with the other part.
Zo flashed the flashlight on the ground. Whats that?
They both saw it at the same time. A little piece of paper rolled and tied like a miniature scroll.
Claire picked it up and read, He who finds the Moon finds Love.
What does that mean, I wonder?
A floorboard in the hall behind them creaked. As a reflex, they turned their heads to look, and saw nothing.
Okay, Mom, you did it. You creeped me out.
Like children, they scrambled to the master bedroom and Zo locked the double doors behind them.
They lay in bed with the sheets tight up against their necks. This place never scared me before, Claire said. I mean, boards creak, plumbing makes noises; even rodents could be in the attic skittering around. All of that I have heard before, but at that moment, when that floorboard creaked, it freaked me out.
Honey, you dont believe in ghosts
Precisely. Which means I dont want to hear anything anymore about your presumptions. Everything is logical. I can prove it. So until I see Casper float in here through the window, I dont want to bring up the word ghost.
Thats fine with me, darling.
The wind was especially blowing that night, creaking the whole mansion from the outside in.
Claire rolled over and shut her eyes. Weve really got to get a TV or radio or something.
*
Ring  Ring  Ring. Hello?
Bob? the female voice said excitedly.
Speaking.
Hi, its Zoey Kane.
Oh, hi, Zo. He didnt sound too excited. He leaned back in his black leather chair behind his desk. He had a salt-and-pepper mustache and thick, dark hair.
I have a story for the front page!
Oh? More newsworthy than the orphanage being granted three-thousand dollars by Super Js Market?
Well, maybe
Zo, he said her name as if she were a child about to be chastised, tell me your story and quick. I have a deadline, you know.
Im opening a hotel. He could imagine her bright smile by the tone of her voice.
Did you buy the Easy 8 down the street? Once again he didnt sound too excited.
No, something way bigger. Way better!
There was silence.
Bob, you there?
Yes, Zo.
How about I take you out to lunch, and then you can come up to see it tomorrow?
Lunch with a beautiful woman, with beautiful strawberry-blonde hair  he couldnt resist. As for the hotel story  he could take it or leave it. He smiled. Ill see you tomorrow at one oclock. 
*
Once Bob saw the massive mansion, his jaw dropped in awe, just as Claires and Zos had the first time they saw it. Youre sure this is yours? he asked.
She was prepared for such a question. Definitely. Here is the paperwork to prove it. 
After seeing the legal documents with her signatures, he instantly got on his cell phone. Yeah, Sean. Get your camera and come out here at once. Youve got to see this.


SEVEN

The front page to the Riverside Bugle declared, HILLGATE MANOR HOTEL: RIVERSIDES BEST KEPT SECRET.
Would you look at that! The ladies at the neighborhood beauty shop talked together, their hair in curlers, sitting under their individual hairdryers. Nothing this big has happened since Kenny Rogers stopped in town at The Pancake House.
And would you believe it? one of them said. It was Zoey Kane who found it and now owns it.
Her? The one that bought that box at the auction?
Thats her.
A woman turned in her chair. It was Penny, with tinfoil throughout her dark hair. It cant be true.
The town was buzzing, all reading the same story. Calls came rushing in to Claires cell phone, which was the contact number for booking. Even those from out of town heard the news and rushed to reserve their spots.
*
Claire hurriedly applied blush to her cheeks. This is going to be huge, Mother. 
Zo always enjoyed seeing her daughter on special occasions, such as Christmas or her dance recitals in high school, when she would doll herself up. She always thought Claire had even more beauty than she herself had at her age, and that made her proud. 
Zo walked over to the master bedrooms large window framed in stained glass. She moved aside one of the silk curtains to peer outside. Cars were parking, and people were exiting them in ravishing attire.
Claire, how did you get so smart? You knew this was going to be good for business.
Well, lets hurry downstairs and host our grand opening.
Zo made a grand entrance with a pause at the head of the stairs. She was in a late 1920s champagne-colored, figure-slimming dress. It had a short train following from the bottom hem behind her strappy heels of the same color. Her wavy hair was adorned with a feather, which plumed from a quarter-size pink jewel.
Claire wore a red dress, swimming in sequins, and showing off her back. Her hair was half up and curled at the ends. Her face glowed and her smoky shadow gave her big brown eyes some mystery.
Max was at the door, dressed in a tuxedo with white gloves, taking mens jackets and hanging them. 
There were the twenty rooms along the east wing, decorated and ready for guests. For those who wanted to go to the third floor to dine, dance, or play billiards, they paid an entry fee of two hundred dollars, which included a breakfast, lunch and dinner. Bar drinks were not included. The west wing bedrooms were each locked.
*
Claire entered the parlor alone with an overwhelming sense of happiness. She and her mother had worked hard for months to set up their business, and the fruits of their labor were now before her, wearing stunning suits and cocktail dresses, sipping glittery drinks and eating ornate appetizers. It was all so pretty. Everywhere she looked were wide smiles and deep conversations. Her eyes actually misted up a bit as she soaked it all in.
As she went to sit at a bar, her sights locked on a man in the corner of the room sitting between two beauties showcasing their long, tanned legs. He was a blond-haired, charmingly good-looking devilJack. What on earth was he doing there? He placed a hand on one of the womens knees, and Claire could tell he was working his wiles with full intent and effort. The one being flirted with actually batted her eyelashes in response. 
Claire rolled her eyes. Not wanting her exs presence to dictate her actions or lower her spirits, she stayed in the parlor, sat at the bar, and pretended to have never noticed him.
Inevitably, moments later, a voice from behind her said, Well, well. If it isnt Claire.
She turned in her stool to face him.
I havent heard from you in over a couple of months or so, Jack said, taking an open stool beside her.
Jack, what are you doing here?
He chuckled. I came to check out the party. Its the talk of Riverside. And beyond, might I add. 
Okay she said, nonchalantly brushing some tendrils of hair off a bare shoulder.
Okay? Thats it? He raised his brows.
What more did you want?
I dont know  a How are you doing? perhaps?
Instead, she took a sip of her Shirley Temple through a little red straw, and stared ahead at the bartender mixing a drink.
Why did you just up and leave New York? He crossed his arms against the bar and she could feel him looking intensely at her, waiting for her to make eye contact. She could even smell the musky scent of his cologne she used to experience daily in his arms.
We broke up, Jack. I moved on. She finally looked into his eyes. Its nice that you should stop by to see me, but you know you and I are never going to get back together. But do have some hors doeuvres and enjoy yourself with a game of pool or dancing in the ballroom.
Claire, what if I told you I made a mistake?
Im not interested, was her reply.
His countenance fell and turned ashen. Its your loss.
I know youve always thought so, but I dont believe that to be true. And if youre planning on staying here any length of time, you can rent a room at the desk. Oh, excuse me, I forgot, were all booked. Just dont loiter. Claire turned her back. The nerve! she thought.
He walked around in front of her and moved up close to gaze deep into her eyes. You should really think this over. I am where the success is. I have the contacts. What about your career?! Come back to New York and to me. We can do great things  together.
Like what? Claire wanted to know what he thought that was.
We can start our own business. Ive been thinking about it, and it can work.
Youve got money to do that?
Not all of it, of course. He looked around at Hillgate Manor, drinking in its luxury and size. We could come to a financial agreement and your investment would come back to you a hundred fold.
Really?
Yes. He moved in closer, resting his cheek on her cheek, talking into her ear in soft tones. And then there is you and me. Ive missed you so much.
Hey, Jack! greeted a perky blonde.
Jack broke away from Claire with a look of surprise.
The woman said, I worked things around tonight so we can meet at Alexanders for drinks and shrimp cocktails. She beamed an excited smile.
Claire put an arm up around Jacks shoulder and put her lips to his ear: Get lost! Then she moved away to walk up the stairs with a confident stride.

*
That night, as guests were leaving the party and others had gone off to bed, mother and daughter relaxed in their west wing master bedroom, discussing the nights happenings and the excitement of it all.
It was quiet, and the melody that used to play every night had stopped since they found the carousel. He who finds the Moon finds Love, Claire said to herself. I think Ive found the moon, but it hasnt found me a mate, yet This brought her thoughts to Jack, and the many even better remarks she could have used to deflate his ego, and went to sleep on that.
Down in the east wing, in the tenth bedroom, a young woman was sleeping with her husband, dreaming about the fun shed had this special night, when her eyes popped open. She didnt have to use the bathroom. She had been enjoying her dream. She had a sixth sense feeling that someone was in the room. Should I look? she thought, afraid.
She gave in to the irresistible urge. Her head turned on her pillow and she opened her eyes again. To her horror, she saw a shadowed figure looming over her with what appeared to be a fireplace pick.


EIGHT

Claire and Zo were awakened by a shrill scream of a woman.
What is that?! Zo exclaimed.
They popped out of bed, grabbed their robes and flashlights, and headed down the hall. Even though that scream had been so shrill, so icy, the adrenaline pumping through their bodies compelled them to run. They had to see what was wrong and hopefully be of help.
They noticed other guests coming out of their rooms. A crowd gathered at the tenth room. Zo and Claire pushed their way through, calling out, What happened? They burst into the room, and already about twelve other guests surrounded the couple.
She fainted, the womans husband replied.
I cant get the light to turn on, one man called out. Shine your flashlight on her!
Zo replied, I dont have working batteries in it.
Mother, why would you have a flashlight and not have working batteries in it?
I wasnt going to use it as a flashlight. I was going to club someone over the head with it.
Claire shone hers on the fainted woman.
Im a doctor! called a ladys voice from the back. Let me see her!
They cleared a path for her and she went straight to the womans chest and nostrils to feel and listen for breath. Well, she has fainted. She slapped at the womans hands and rubbed her arms. Thankfully, the victim came to.
Tell me, dear. What happened to you? An anxiety attack? the doctor asked.
It was horrible, she choked out. A shadowy figure, like a ghost, was in my room. He carried what looked like a pick for a fireplace.
Oooo! the guests responded. And much murmuring began.
One couple said, Well be leaving within the hour. Have our bill ready for us.
Zo and Claire were distraught. What could they possibly tell their guests? Claire announced, I already have a call out to the police on my cell phone.
Zo, surprised at her daughters readiness, asked, You sleep with your cell phone?
And you use a flashlight as a club? Claire retorted.
Zo smiled at her daughter. Im glad to see we are ready for anything. Claire smiled back and chuckled.
*
The next morning, the Riverside Bugles front page stated, Alleged Ghost Fright at Hillgate Manor Hotel. The subtitle reported, Cookie crumbs on floor show possible intrusion.
Hillgate was quiet that morning as Zo and Claire ate jelly on toast in the sunroom.
I think they exaggerated a little by mentioning the crumbs, dont you? Zo laughed.
What a debut, huh, Mother?
Well, now that this cookie monster has scared away our guests, I am at a loss of what we are to do about this.
Claires cell phone rang. Hello? she answered.
Do you like scary movies? asked a mans voice.
Huh? Her heart skipped a beat.
Just kidding. Just kidding. I was just interested in booking a room for tonight.
You are?
Yes.
Did you read this mornings paper?
Yes, I did, he replied.
Oh, well, okay. Great. Let me get my schedule and put you on the list.
After that call, it was as if interest was infectious. Zo noticed it had just turned 9 a.m. Thats when businesses do officially open, she thought. The demand was greater than the available rooms. And many people wanted to make sure that the third floor would be available for guests to drop by and play pool and dance.
Mom, we have to make tonight even better than last night. We have to make up for it somehow.
They sat in thought a moment.
I know! Zos eyes opened wide with her idea. Well hire a live singer and band for the ballroom.
That might help. Claire nodded.
I mean, theres not much else we could do
*
Serena DuBois showed up on a rush order to the front steps of the magnificent estate at about 4 p.m. Guests wouldnt arrive until six. Serena was a blues singer from Charlotte, very well known, her voice compared to warm syrup by the media. She was part Hispanic and part French and looked as beautiful as a flower. Ill wear this for tonight. She laid out a white, glittering, slinky dress. Her hair was already done up, with curls adorning her heart-shaped face.
Wonderful! Zo clapped her hands.
Well invite the media tonight, Claire said. Theyll eat it up.
But something very unexpected happened that nightlimos were replaced by multiple taxi cabs, hearses, and older cars in general. The ushers opened the doors to reveal witches, vampires and ghosts.
Its near July, Claire said. Did they mistake it for October?


NINE

Zo had explained to Miss DuBois that the crowd had changed to a rather freaky crowd of Children of the Night. 
Thats not for me, Ms. Kane, Miss DuBois informed Zo an hour later. But I can solve both our problems: my cousin, Fanny Gwen! Shell be here within the hour, way before show time. Just pay her what you were going to pay me.
But protested the confused and worried hotel entrepreneur.
It will be okay, assured the glistening singer as she picked up her bags and walked out the door.
Claire helped the next guest. The dashing vampire overemphasized his Rs. Do you have a r-r-r-r-oom, lovely lady? He smiled, showing long pointy fangs.
Lets see, and you would be Count Dracula? 
You can call me Lucas. Will you be coming with the r-r-r-oom?
Dont bother with me, Lucas. I have tired blood. It will just run you down and you wont be able to go to your Socialist meetings.
No matter, as long as you have fresh blood refrigerated and ready to be served in iced goblets.
We have some very Bloody Marys, garnished with Tabasco and celery.
Okay, sister. Heavy on the Tabasco! He winked, threw his cape around to the other shoulder, and walked away, key in hand.
A heavy woman entered the lobby with great drama. I feel the trapped spirits in this hotel, even now. She lay down, arms spread out. I must commune!
Bob, coming through the doors, stopped abruptly before stepping on the lady who must commune.
Just step around her. She is not presently available for comment.
Bob immediately placed a call on his cell. Bring extra video. Tonight is going to be out of this worldliterally!
I suggest setting up in the ballroom, Bob.
Thanks, Claire. Off he went, whistling.
Hi, Im singing tonight, a gravelly voice said as Claire was reviewing the names of the guests: Grave Gary, Pricilla Dead, Marcel, Prince of Mist, Dr. K., Midnight Man, Ted Johnson (crossed out), Pooky Boo!
Looking up revealed an abundantly-endowed woman with black, ratted hair and a spike collar. She was wearing a torn and hole-dotted dress, which stopped just above her chubby knees covered in black torn stockings. Im Fanny Gwen. Im singing tonight.
Riiiight Up the stairs to the third floor ballroom. Make yourself comfortable.
I will. My band will be here in two minutes.
Ill send them up, said Claire, before speedily calling her mom. When Zo answered, Claire said, Motherrrrr! Shouldnt we talk? Soon?
Put Greg on the desk and meet in the parlor.
*
Claire took the table in the corner, in the dark, in the back. She didnt want to be bothered.
Zo showed up in a red, floor-length night gown, and a darker red shawl.
Motherrrr.
Im wearing a slip with it! Have some fun, honey.
The bartender brought two virgin margaritas with chips and salsa to the pair. 
You know, this just aint right, Mom. What kind of a rep are we getting?
All of a sudden, a figure leaped out from around another table in the dark beside them, and smiled.
Hello, Lucas. Are you having a good time? asked Claire tiredly.
If that woman doesnt get up off your floor in the lobby, bury her!
Thank you, Lucas. Ill take it under advisement. He leaped off, cape flying.
Okay! Claire said, laughing. After we finish our drinks and chips, Ive got a ghoulish dress to die for. 
Thatta girl! 
The drinks were delicious, the chips and salsa tasty.
Mom! Claires eyes were fixed on an oil painting of a ship, its sails illuminated by the moon in its background. Look at the name of the ship, painted on the bow, the Venus Moon. Isnt Venus the Goddess of Love, Mother? Remember, He who finds the Moon, finds Love. What do you think?
Zo pushed her chair back and got up for a better look. Wow! But so what? So theres a ship that correlates with that piece of paper. Youre thinking it means something? What would it mean  and why? I dont see anything else about this painting that I could make into anything. Unless this is a ship that Fillmore sailed on and found true love. But, no, even he is not that old.
What does that brass plate on the frame say, Mom?
Sink and ye shall find.
Just then, heavy drum beats and the rest of a band of instruments could be heard in crashing music. The singers rockin voice coursed through the walls. The dance had begun.
Ive got a camera. You go get dressed. Ill meet you at the ball, Claire.
Claire began to say something but her mother was already zooming up the steps. See you there. She sighed with a smile of acceptance. I guess I better go get changed.
*
Up in the master suite, double doors locked behind her, Claire went through all of Mrs. Fillmores clothes. The closet was huge. There were more shoes than she had seen at the local department store alone, boxed up in mint condition.
She took off the pink, silk dress she had borrowed. Her delicate and feminine body now stood there in the moonlight, sporting a white slip. Thank you, Mrs. Fillmore. I have the utmost respect and gratitude for your belongings. I know my mother borrows some of it, but what she wears I will never  and I suppose you would agree it is good it is being made use of. Claire spoke as if the lady were there, truly listening.
She knew exactly what she was going to wear, since she had spotted it numerous times over the course of her short stay there. Claire grabbed a black, shimmery, and barely see-through robe. This robe was much too glamorous for exiting a shower, or lying in bed in. It was probably for Mr. Thomas Fillmore to admire her. Not only was it long and waif-like against her body, but it had a luxurious black fur trim. The length caused it to glide handsomely along the wood floor. Claire put on a black satin camisole and black satin skinny pants, leaving the robe open to flow with all her moves. A pair of open-to-reveal-every-toe pumps finished her ensemble. Everything fit well together. If Mom can do it, so can I, she said, before taking a last breath and going to face the crowd.
Upstairs in the ballroom, the crowd was manic. For a moment Claire felt as if she were in a nightmare. But, hey, this one was sorta fun, she realized. She spotted Zo across the room, carefully head-banging with some ghouls and Frankenstein.
Instantly, Claire took off through the crowd toward her motherher safety net. Hi, Mom! she yelled over the music.
Claire, dear. Have you ever head-banged?!
Just after an all-nighter for an essay in college! Only my head made contact with the wall!
Here, have fun! Zo grabbed her daughters hand, twirled her, and then resumed prudent head-banging.
Claire tried jumping and moving around like the rest of the masses, and at first felt totally out of her element. She was fighting her bodys desire to copy them. It wasnt long, however, before the drumbeats sedated her into being a little silly, letting loose a little, being one with the crowd, go with the flow, beat with the best, be in with the din.
Shortly thereafter, Fanny announced an intermission. Looking sweaty and tired, she headed straight over to the stand-in bar to get a drink.
Ghosts, goblins, ghouls and such all mingled together. It looked like a whole coven of witches were in a corner sharing spells over wine. A werewolf and Mr. Evil were in the center, excited about whatever they were talking about. Soon, Elvira drinking a Bloody Mary walked by Claire to introduce herself to one of the dozens of Count Draculas.
I vant to suck your blood, a mans voice whispered into Claires ear.
Oh?! Claire was startled. Lucas?
Didnt mean to make you jump. He smiled, accentuating his realistic fangs.
Its okay. I just didnt expect that. Claire scratched her neck.
Are you enjoying yourself?
Ye-yes. Yes, I guess I am.
Lucas-Dracula that close to Claire made her tense at first. It wasnt necessarily his fault; there was a sea of guests in the ballroom, all brushing up against each other. He had no choice but to be in her personal space.
His smoky hazel eyes seemed to put her in a trance for a moment, and she felt all of a sudden aware of her staring. She looked away and back to break her gaze. Underneath all the pale makeup and spray-painted black hair, Claire could tell that Lucas was actually attractive, and just a little taller than she, which made it even better.
May I escort you to the parlor, where we can have more of a private drink together? he asked.
Claire felt her cheeks turn hot and her heart skip for just a moment. Uh, well, sure. Why not? It is getting really hot in here. She fanned herself with a hand.
He offered her his elbow as they went downstairs, next to the kitchen, into the parlor. There were just a few other supernaturals in there: Igor and a ghost, E.T. and Cat Woman. E.T.? And Cat Woman? Claire thought over that strange combination.
They went to a little table away from the bar. It was cozier in that corner and quieter. They sat there, looking at each other, for a moment not saying a word. Claire got goosebumps.
Are you the woman I booked my room with tonight?
Huh?
Did I speak to you on the phone this morning?
Oh, yes, you did.
Those eyes, deep like the sea  that face sculpted so perfectly.
Do you live here? he asked.
Yes, I do. Well, my mother and I do, together.
Really? Hm. What was all that stuff in the paper this morning? He chuckled. Is that true? Did a woman see a ghost?
Ghost? Oh, I think thats impossible. I think she had a nightmare. The police couldnt prove a thing.
It would be hard to prove a ghostly encounter, wouldnt it?
Yeah, I guess it would. As for myself, though, I dont believe in the supernatural.
You dont? He arched an eyebrow.
It cant be proven.
Havent you heard of faith?
Of course, but
But thats all right, Claire. No need for explanation. Just remember, just because you havent seen something doesnt mean it doesnt exist.
Oh, I know. She straightened her back. Like a tree in a forest and if it falls
You can apply it to almost anything in life, such as love.
Love? she uttered. Is this guy gonna get melodramatic on me here?
Yes. You hear others talk about it, but you cant know that feeling until you feel it. Its the faith that it will happen someday for you that makes life worth living.
And I should be taking advice from you? The undead? she joked.
He paused. You are so pr-r-r-retty.
Me? was all that she could think to say. Just what is this guy trying to get at? Oh, Claire calm down, she coached herself.
Definitely. If I were to get my fangs filed down, would you kiss me?
I dont know. She looked over her shoulder and gazed at the picture of the ship at sea for a moment and had an Is this really happening? moment. She then turned back to him to say, Youre so different from my past boyfriends. They wore colors, had their hair styled, no blood dripping at the mouth sort of thing
What ar-r-re you trying to say? he said, chuckling.
They continued with their conversation over a couple of ciders, until Claire looked at the clock and noticed an hour and a half had passed. She hadnt even noticed that Fanny had been back onstage for the last half hour, raging music while she had been talking to Dracula.
Lets go back up to the party, Claire suggested.
*
Back up on the third floor, Zo was making lots of wonderful friends. She soon spotted her lovely daughter coming through the doors. Claire! She waved her over. Claire!
Claire made her way through the crowd. Hello, Mother. She smiled.
Hi, I would like you to meet this hairy little fellow, Zo introduced.
Me meme me mememe, the walking wig said cheerfully.
Hello. Claire bowed. Mother, I have someone for you to meet. Meet Count Dracula. She turned to look at him, but he wasnt there.
Where is he? Zo asked.
I dont know. We were just walking together. I must have lost him.
Maybe he turned into a bat, Zo kidded.
Claire was obviously very disappointed.
Its okay, Zo continued. Im sure youll catch up with him again before the night is over.
Attention, attention! Ms. Fanny Gwen cut the music for a moment. With microphone still in hand, she declared, Now things are gonna get wild!
Things werent already wild? Claire asked herself.
Fanny took the lead guitar from one of her band members and wailed on it. It was as if her song was impromptu, never rehearsed. And it worked. The drums and bass came in to help her once she got into a song much of the audience recognized. Claire couldnt stop watching Fannys fingers fly and her body gyrate.
Fanny grabbed hold of the standing mike and suddenly dropped to the floor, guitar still in one hand. Her whole body convulsed. Claires eyebrows furrowed.
She really gets into it, Zo commented.
The guitar playing ceased, there was a sudden loud screech from the amp, and then a loud boom. The crowd grew silent and still. Fanny continued to gyrate. A puff of smoke seemed to come from her big rock n roll hairdo.
The audience gasped, and a band member called out in an English accent, Fanny! Oh, no!!! Someone call an ambulance!
Zo looked to Claire.
Im already dialing


TEN

Claire and Zo could barely sleep. Their bedroom doors were double locked. Although the police said it must have been a freak accident as to how Fanny was electrocuted, it was still the most horrible thing they had ever seen. It gave them chills all night.
All of the guests but the one in room ten checked out for the night. Zo and Claire were unaware as to who he was or why he was still there when all the others headed for the hills. The name in the guest book just said, Dick.
Mom, more than the death and the ghost-sighting from yesterday, the fact that Dick is still here creeps me out.
I know what you mean. Maybe we should bang on his door and kick him out.
Maybe he passed out from drinking or something, Claire suggested, and slept through it all.
Could be
Moonlight filtered through the partly open curtains onto their sleepy silhouettes. Maybe this house is cursed, Claire suggested after a while. Maybe thats why the Fillmores abandoned it in such haste. Maybe thats why it was a secret for so long and all these crazy things have happened.
I know. But dont worry, darling, we are safe for tonight at least.
Mom, I have never heard you so sure of yourself.
Well, having a colt .45 under my bed can do wonders.
Oh, wow, Mom. I wont argue that, she said. You know what else we should do? We should call an exterminator to get into the attic and kill the rodents. The skittering around throughout the night could drive any normal person mad.
Im with you on that one, dear.
*
The next morning the sun was bright and full, casting its radiance through all the windows, lighting the dark corners of the house. They waited for Dick to exit his room and check out. Zo was very impatient.
Mom, checkout time isnt until eleven. We can wait just a couple more hours.
Yes, I suppose. Lets go play a game of pool, because I dont know how to play billiards. 
They went upstairs to play and pass the time. Claire won continuously.
Thats because you know geometry, my dear, Zo determined. I never was good at math. 
The billiards table was right center in the library. A couple chairs sat alone in the corner. The library was the tallest of all of the rooms, and circular.
This is the perfect place to contemplate, Claire said. Im sure Mr. Fillmore had many deep moments in this room.
Yes, Im sure. Zo was concentrating on precisely aiming her cue.
Time passed until the large clock hanging above the librarys door rang eleven times.
Time to meet Dick, Zo announced.
They went downstairs to the second floor, and down the long, narrow hall of the east wing, to the very last door on the right, the tenth door.
Bang, bang, bang! Zo pounded. Eleven oclock. Checkout time!
No one answered.
Wake up. Checkout time! Zo hollered.
Still silence.
What should we do? Claire was perplexed.
Lets open the door.
Youre sure?
Sure, Im sure. She pulled a little key ring out from her pocket and proceeded to unlock the door.
Claire turned on the light. Theres nobody here.
Nobody here? Zo said.
Did they leave without checking out?
Well, that would be quite odd, Zo said, looking around the perfectly tidy roomnot a wrinkle on the bedspread, not a footprint on the vacuumed throw rug. Would such a guest take time to clean up after himself? Theres no sign of a life ever even entering here.
That is wacky, Claire agreed. But I guess we shouldnt think too hard about it. With the guests that were here last night, he could have just checked in, partied in the ballroom all night, and when Fannyexcuse the termfell on her fanny, got spooked out and took off without saying good-bye.
Well, what about returning his key? Because all keys are signed out.
They went to the registry to see if they had missed something. No key signed out and no key to return. Well, thats it. He didnt show up. End of mystery, said Zo.
*
They prepared a salad and scooped some cottage cheese out of a container from one of the refrigerators. Claire opened the lacy curtain to allow more light in. Looks like a nice day out.
Yes, it does, Zo agreed. Sink and ye shall find.
What brings that up?
It has wandered in and out of my mind. How could we sink the Venus Moon?
Claire answered, Ummmm  throw the painting into the bathtub?
It would be a shame to destroy that beautiful oil painting. Maybe there was a Venus Moon and she sank, and if we could just find the record of where she was believed to go down There might have been lots of gold aboard.
 That would take more research than I have strength and time, and I know you dont know where to even begin on something like that, Mom.
Just the same, well spend some time going through some of old man Fillmores files and paperwork. We were able to find so much out about the family just by reading Loretta Fillmores diaries.
You know, we still havent looked into that outbuilding on the property. It was locked, and you didnt want to cut or break the lock.
It is my belief that everything about this property has historical value to it. Even that lock and hinge.
Well, look at what I found this morning as I was re-exploring Fillmores bedroom! Claire burst in excitement. Do you think any will fit? Some of them are quite large.
Keys! Great! This might be better than shopping. I was feeling a little depressed after last nights death.
I know. Mom, do you realize that even those having the sixth sense got creeped out by that? So now who is left to be patrons of this hotel?
You know, Claire, lets not worry. Lets take a break. Weve been working hard. What say we spend a little of our hotel profits to plant our garden grounds even better. We will eat well, and just slow-mo catch up on beautifying our property, our home. How would you like a new car?
I will, if you will! Claire giggled. But first, I think we should try our keys out. Im dying to see what is back there. 
Both ladies, their hair back in ponytails, stood in front of the long building with small windows. This area of the acreage still desperately needed the weeds and trees cut back.
Since we can see there used to be a nice trail of pavement that ran up to here, and around this building, it must have had importance. Zo lined up the keys most likely to match the lock. Nope, not that one. The keys jingled as she moved them around to try another. Click. We got a winner!
The pair expectantly entered. They immediately saw old tires in a stack with cobwebs, and cans and oil funnels beside them. Its a garage! That explains the gigantic doors.
Tarps covered three automobiles. Mom, I think we are about to uncover another thrilling discovery. Yet it seems unfair that we arent men. Do you think we should go into town and get a man just for the testosterone thrill that only they can experience?
No thanks. You take that side and Ill take this, and well draw back the tarp together. As they pulled together, Zo exclaimed, Look at the size of those tires!
Look at the length of this car. Maybe its a sailboat on a trailer?!
They lifted the tarp off, dropping it in a heap. Well, Mom, what is it? It sure is magnificent.
It was a grand car of antiquity, painted crme-yellow and gray. It had a brown canvas top that could roll back, making it a convertible.
What a beauty! That is real chrome. And have you ever seen a steering wheel that large? But what is it? Claire, read the name on the grill plate.
Duesenberg?
Yes, now this is luxury. Weve gone to Heaven! Honey, leather seats, tucked and rolled!
What is the next one? Claire ran to grab a corner of the canvas. They quickly removed the tarp. Mannnn! Oh, man! Her eyes were big with wonder. Do you think these cars were fast?
I dont know, but who cares?! What is it? Wait  here it is, a Stutz Bear Cat! Oh, Im feeling terrible. I know the engines on these cars must be ruined, because they have sat for decades.
It was another convertible. White with a gold trim. It was a grand car fit for two. Its steering wheel was positioned on a long pole. Its tires were even larger than the Duesenbergs.
 What is the next one?
Claire laughed. It is a beauty, too, but it is an old-timer. This must have been a collector item, even for back then. It is a Ford. Standard black paint job.
The two stepped back toward the middle to admire their find. Have you noticed something, sweetie? asked Zo. While there is dust and cobwebs on those tires and cans over there, there is no perceivable dust on any of these cars anywhere, not even on the tires; not under the cars, or around the cars. Look! The workbench is even clean.
Claire walked over to the bench, surprised. It really is clean. What is this? She picked up a can, reading it. This is recently purchased car wax. The expiration date is next year! Both of their jaws dropped in astonishment.
 Without explaining, Zo pulled open the door of the Duesenberg, got in, tried one key and then switched to another. The key turned. After looking around the car a moment, she found the starter and pressed it. The car started instantly with a roar, and then idled with a deep-throated purr. She turned it off and joined Claire.
Mom, we are not the only ones who know about these cars. And for that matter, someone must also know everything about Hillgate and us!


ELEVEN

Now Im worried. And even scared. We have to act fast! Come on, we are getting out of here and going directly to my car. Try not to be seen by anyone. Look casual and even pleasantly comfortable with the day.
Then what?
Once they were driving out of the gate and down the highway, Zo revealed her plan. In order to be safe in our person, and secure with our property, I am going to get the cars insured and registered to me. Of course, you know, Claire, what is mine is yours; I have a will. But you do not have to wait to receive benefit of my good fortune. We can go get your new car right after I see my insurance agent. Also, since we are not going to have any more guests for a while, I think a couple of big dogs to run the property would be a good idea.
That evening, Zo drove up in the same car shed departed in, and Claire drove up in a brand new yellow Volkswagen. I told her to think big, Zo said to herself, but she said she knew this car loved her.
Zo didnt come home empty-handed, though. In her back seat sat two handsome Dobermans. Their muscles were lean, their necks long and their fur sleek. She turned in her seat to address them. Gunner, Bond  this is your home. Be good boys. She knew they would be. They were well trained and had cost a pretty penny.
Claire opened a back door to let out their new security system. The dogs obediently stepped outside and heeled like twin military elites.
Zo walked over to them. One of you is going to run the property for us, while the other is going to stay close to the estate. 
They took the dogs on a tour around the outside of the house. Claire filled buckets with food and water and placed them inside the outbuilding. It was decided the outbuilding would also be where the dogs would find refuge from rain.
Zo and Claire brought Gunner and Bond inside for a moment, wanting to put new collars on them. Gunner had a spiked collar and Bond had a black bowtie collar. The Dobermans barked in approval. They followed the women as they settled in the kitchen.
I think Zo said, when one has a secret, or a suspicion, or even a treasure, it is always safer if a lot of people know about it. That is why those cars are going on tour with the museum. If I want them home, or to even drive one, I can have them after the contract expires in a year. I am glad they are being picked up by experts. I didnt think theyd be over this evening that fast, though. They can hardly wait to get them for controlled display.
Yes Claire said, not really paying attention. She was pretty exhausted from negotiating and signing papers for her car. 
Ive got some grease or tire black or something on my hands, Zo said, turning on the water. Claire, your knees are reasonably new still. Would you get me a little cleanser from under the sink there? Im going to try to clean my hands. 
Hey, Mom? came a muffled voice from under the kitchen sink. There is something interesting written on the bottom of the basin here.
What, porcelain white #7126?
No
Handle with care?
No
A-1 Hardware?
Nope.
What, thennnn? sang Zo.
Three blind dice!
 The mystery is afoot, Claire. What we have to do is figure out what three blind dice could be.
So, you are thinking what I am thinking? Claire popped her head out. Sink and ye shall find has a connection to this message written on the bottom of the sink?
Yes!
Like riddles? One clue leads to the next if we solve them?
Yes!
What does it lead to?
I dont know, dear! Zos eyes were wide. But I want to find out. Dont you?
Of course. Claire nodded. So all we have to do is figure out the three blind dice riddle?
Nooooo, that is not all we have to do. We also have to figure out who has been keeping those cars in excellent condition; who played the carousel; if there was really a ghost with a fireplace pick; if Fannys death was an accident; and why THAT MAN IS LOOKING AT US THROUGH THE WINDOW!


TWELVE

Oh, Mother, that is the man who is coming to see and pick up the cars.
Whew! Zo went to open the kitchen door. Claire, there are two other drivers and trailers here. No, five. The insurance people are here as well. Might as well get out the soft drinks, hon.
Claire went to watch from the doorway. Yeah, well, just be careful of the little yellow one out here. She admired her new car, saying to it, Dont talk to strangers, honey. 
After all was said and done, the evening was especially quiet for them, except another storm was brewing, with winds beginning to whistle and howl. The ladies felt scared to be alone in that huge ol mansion. Even though they made sure every window was locked or double locked. Even though they also brought home two Dobermans. Gunner and Bond were sure to find refuge from the rain in the outbuilding, but Claire and Zo called them into the house instead. All the hotel helpers had been paid and laid off until further notice, and the mother and daughter were now standing around in large spaces, alone except for bottom-teeth smiles from their doggies.
Why dont we call somebody to come and spend the night with us? Shall we give a come-as-you-are party? suggested Claire. I wish I had Draculas phone number.
How do you know Lucas is not the bad guy? If there is a bad guy and not just a series of coincidences with practical reasons, replied Zo.
The wind increased, causing the trees to scratch at the windows. I think, darling, Zo continued, that we better get big flashlights and lots of batteries.
Okay, but we are not going in different directions whatsoever tonight. We are always together. Promise!
I promise, and I feel the same way. What if we call for a pizza delivery, and then keep the pizza guy?
Because, the pizza delivery guy might actually be the crazed bad guy, who paid the delivery man for the pizza and his hator killed him and took the hatand then came to deliver the pizza to us. We cant chance it.
Claire, I specifically told you that you may not watch rated R movies! I do not plan on sleeping tonight. I am going to keep watch on every corner of this house.
So  down long hallways and going in dark rooms? Why dont you just say we should go play in the basement, or visit the attic?
No. I am turning on every light in this mansion!
Just then, something made a loud thud upstairs. What is over us, Claire?
I think its the servants quarters. They put the dogs on blankets in the foyer, a strategic place in the middle of the house so, if alerted, they could run and bark in either direction.
The two ladies ran up to their room and picked up their flashlights. They turned the lights on room to room as they headed down the hall, investigating. Just as they were about to enter room number ten, all the lights went out. On went the flashlights!
Well, isnt that just lovely?! exclaimed Zo. Im going into that room, and anybody who isnt you, Claire, is going to get beat up by me! She opened the door and entered the room like a heat-seeking missile. No one here! Blast! Im ready for the fight! Bring it ON!
You can calm down, Mom. Nobody here.
Are you sure? Zo darted her flashlight around the room. This room sure has made a reputation for itself.
Claire did spot something out of the ordinary. A closet door was slightly open and something was hanging out from inside. Look, Mother, over here. Claire went over to the closet and opened the door wide. 
They both shone their flashlights inside. Part of a rope ladder hung down, slightly swaying.
Should we climb it? Zo whispered.
Follow me up, Mom.
How about you pop your head up there first and tell me what you see?
Claire huffed.
Zo added, You know Im not good with ropes or trapezes or anything of that nature.
All right.
Be careful, dearest. Zo hesitated. Maybe its not such a good idea to let your only daughter go into a creepy attic alone at night, her conscience warned. What do you see?
Claire climbed enough just to see inside. The temperature instantly dropped a few degrees, just by that small distance. The rain beat hard on the roof, sounding as if she were in a drum. She shone her light around the space, following the glow of the flashlights ray along the walls. The attic was bigger than she expected. There was no sign of anyone in there, so she decided to pull herself all the way up and inside.
Are you all right? Zo called, afraid.
Just come up here. Youll be surprised, Claire said.
Is that a good thing? Zo asked. She decided to try her legs on the rope ladder and did much better than she expected. Good news, Claire: I didnt get tangled in it.
She pulled herself up and into the cold attic. Boy, the thunderclaps sound twenty thousand times louder up here, huh?
Yes, Mom, Claire said, busily running her fingers along a wall, her eyes intently searching.
What is it?
Flash your light over here. 
They scrutinized the display on the wall. Newspapers? Zo said. For insulation perhaps?
No, Mother. Look closer, read it.
She glanced at some papers and her eyes stopped and zeroed in. They are all the same article. The front page news.
Yes, of the same old newspaper you had in that trunk
About the fire Zo finished. Do you suppose it means something?
Of course, Mother. No normal human being would have such an excess of the same issue of the paper, unless they worked for the paper, and decided to recycle the overruns.
Ah  I see
This person was obsessed with the fire of 1927.
A pyro, Zo noted.
Their attention centered on finding any other clues to their odd discovery. There was a small cot in one corner, a sleeping bag, a collection of canned foods with a can opener, and even a microwave. Their final discovery, laying under the cot  a fireplace pick!


THIRTEEN

They gasped silently and hurried back down into room ten and went into the hall, flashlight beams leading the way.
 Zo stated the obvious. Someone resided, or is residing, in that attic. 
It didnt take the mother and daughter more than a couple steps down the narrow east wing hall to notice something strange about the west wing. Down at the end of that wide hall, light sifted out of the master bedrooms door, onto the floorboards.
Whats that? Claire whispered, frightened. Did you leave the light on?
Light on? Honey, I thought the lights were out. Zo opened room fours door slowly and quietly and flipped the light switch. Nothing. No light. The two of them continued like that down the rest of the east wing, chills fingering up and down their backs.
Do you have your cell phone, Claire? Call the police.
Yes She tried. Nothing but static. Do you have your colt .45?
Yes, under the bed in that room.
Oh, great! she hoarsely whispered. That will do us good, being in there.
Daughter, remember there is a whole case full of guns in Mr. Fillmores room, if you would like to join me in there.
What if we just hide under a bed?
We cant run from it. Eyes might be on us right now.
They quietly entered Mr. Fillmores room without even trying the light switch. They went over to the gun room door, opening it quietly. Zos hands trembled as she tried to choose the right weapon.
Hurry! Claire urged.
These guns are flintlocks. Who would know how to load them? And these others, I dont know how to use either. We are out of luck.
I need protection, Mother.
Those words scared Zo the most. Her grown daughter was asking her for protection.
They quietly fumbled through Mr. Fillmores drawers. Claire soon felt a razor for soaping and shaving coarse beards. This will work for me. And here, Mother, a sharp pair of scissors.
Im going to have nightmares of barber shops tonight, Zo said. Honey, Im sorry I got you into this mess!
Mother, it is not your fault. But this person who knows were here must have more control than we could imagine.
Armed with their tools, the women proceeded to cross over to Mrs. Fillmoresthe room which cast that eerie yellow light around and under the doorframe.
They were arm-in-arm as Claire turned the icy knob. They instantly recognized the source of the lighta few candles on a little dresser in the corner. Zo looked up, down, and all around the room, clenching those scissors. The howling wind whipped outside, creating a draft that caused the silk curtains to sway.
They went over to the little dresser, lured by the tall, red, drippy candles in ornate candlesticks. Their wicks glowed in front of a decorative oval mirror. The refection of the candles fire danced, broken by smudges on the mirror from what looked like lipstick  or was it blood? It read, in crooked handwriting: FIND MORE CLUES! FIND MORE CLUES!
 Lets get out of here, Zo said. Im done with this.
Mother, you said it first. We cant run or hide. Whoever it is must know our every move, she whispered, more discreetly than even before. We are miles away from the other side of Riverside. Besides, we are not the only ones that might have automobiles. There are new surprises here by the hour and minute. I suggest we just figure out the clues and hopefully be set free.
So, we are held hostage.
Basically, Claire admitted.
That reminds me. Zo went over to the bed and rushed to look under. Its gone.
Theyre very smart  very smart.
Oh dear, I cant believe this is happening to us. Her breath was short.
They hugged for a moment in despair.
Its time to de-riddle the clues, Claire said.


FOURTEEN

What clues? The Venus, sinking blind dice or whatever?
Yes, that must be it. Lets think. Three blind dice. Three blind dice, Claire repeated.
I wonder what these clues lead to. A treasure of some sort?
Most likely, I would say
Three blind dice, Zo said.
Three blind dice. Maybe we should check in Mr. Fillmores drawers for cards and dice, Claire suggested.
Good thinking.
They rushed across the hall back to his room, and using their flashlights the best they could, they fumbled through old socks, money clips, belts, long johns No luck. They dumped out every drawer to the armoire and still no luck. Dead end, Zo declared.
Where else could dice be? asked Claire.
In a game room? Zo said.
But there are just the billiards. Do they ever use dice to play?
It wouldnt hurt to check. They ran upstairs and looked all around the room.
This is crazy. Claire sat for a moment. This madman doesnt expect us to be up all night trying to find three blind dice, does he?
Zo sat with her. Darling, I am at a loss of where to look. 
This person has let us live here for over two months now and hasnt endangered our lives, Claire said.
Yes, but he artfully got rid of all the other people, and Fannys death was not an accident. Whoever it is probably needs us, you know like the message saidFind more clues. Would you believe this person is a ghost? What if it is Mr. or Mrs. Fillmores spirits?
Now stop that, Mother. Claire rolled her eyes, but she couldnt deny the chill that went down her spine.
But, honey, I am hoping its only ghosts. Ghosts cant hurt us, right? And maybe they will be gone in the morning.
Oh, youve watched too many episodes of Mystery Night Theater. Ghosts dont drive cars, and those cars were spick and span with running engines and up-to-date car wax.
Youre right, of course, Zo said. I wonder if its all right with this intruder if we took a break for tea and thought over our riddle down in the kitchen.
I dont think it would hurt. Whoever it is hasnt hurt us so far. They need us to continue on this journey, for whatever reason.
I dont know. That message to us on the mirror looked pretty threatening to me.
Zo got another boost of courage and opened the door to the billiards room, calling out, We need a break! We are going to have some tea! She looked at Claire in satisfaction. There.
*
Two china teacups on saucers sat next to each other on a kitchen counter. Claire went to the cupboard where she had deliberately placed her mint herbal tea about a week ago. Right next to it sat a box of almond tea. The gas stoves still worked when lighting them with a match. Thank goodness for gas. The electricity being out didnt take away this bit of comfort, said Zo.
How do you think dice are blind, Mom?
The kettle came to a boil rather fast, and a whistle rang out. They didnt like that sound under these circumstances. Claire carefully poured her mother a cup, and then herself. Zo tried to smile and said, Dear, do you mind getting me a teaspoon of sugar just to add a little something?
Sugar in your tea?
Sure. Tonight is a strange night. We will be English with our tea, not Asian. Why not?
I dont remember buying sugar at the supermarket
Oh, maybe we didnt. She sighed. Oh, thats all right. She remembered back to when they first looked through the kitchen. Bring me one of the three sugar cubes from that little bowl over there. Im sure theyre still good, no matter how old.
Like wine, huh? Claire joked, then went over to the ornate little bowl. She removed the floral lid to reveal the three little sugar cubes. She went to take one, but suddenly the light bulb in her head turned on. She stared into the bowl as she carried it to her mother. Look at them. Look at that!
What is it?!
THREE BLIND DICE! They are white, square, the same size, and they have no eyes, or no black dots!
So, we now found them. What next? Oh, there must be another clue on it somewhere, if this truly is it. Zos heart pounded.
Claire gingerly took out the sugar cubes and placed them on the table, and then turned the bowl upside down. Yes, this must be it.
What does it say? Zo stood up.
Sugar and Spice wears everything nice.
We are so good, Zo congratulated. Now, we just look through the pantry and spice racks for the next clue.
Wait, Mom. Sugar and spice WEARS everything nice. Do any of the spices wear anything? Is there sugar other than these cubes in the house? No, so, what else?
Puppy dog tails are what little boys are made of, and little girls are made of sugar and spice  but Mr. Fillmores daughter is long dead! Remember how old these clues are?
 Mom! Drink your tea and enjoy its warmth. We are going to have to go up to Lillys room as soon as we are done. On second thought, lets take our teacups with us.
A scratching at the mud porch door, also used as the laundry room, startled them. The storm outside had intensified. A few barks through whistling wind let them know it was Gunner, their dog assigned to roam the premises. Claire set down her drink, walked across the kitchen, and went right into the little room, which smelled like detergent. She could see a smeary image of Gunner standing up on his hind feet, begging, through the doors wet window. He impatiently scratched some more. Its too bad his custom doghouse isnt finished being built, she said loud enough for her mother to hear. The weather must make him miserable. Claire stepped over some rotten old floorboards that hadnt been replaced yet.
Ill feel better having him inside with us anyway, Zo said.
Claire unlatched a lock and right as she opened the door, Gunner pushed his way through and ran into the kitchen, slipping around in excitement.
Oh, boy, wet crazy dog. Whats going on, boy? Zo stayed seated and petted the top of his soaked head. His tongue slapped at his nose and he sneezed before barking some more.
Do you think the weather is scaring him? Claire said just as a thunderclap boomed, vibrating the floors of the mansion.
All Zo knew was his behavior was adding to the scary feeling of the nights strange happenings. He should be used to the weather. Its normal for the Midwest.
Gunner jumped in a few circles, before running back to the little laundry room, sniffing around it in a frenzy. They shrugged away his odd behavior the best they could, quickly drinking the last of their mint tea. Zo was bringing the empty teacups over to a sink right when lightning struck and more thunder boomed. Surprised, she dropped them and they shattered on the ground.
Oh dear, Zo huffed, still feeling chills lace up and down her spine. The dog barked some more, as she knelt down to pick up the shards with shaking hands.
Claire was back in the laundry room, petting her frantic dog. Whats the matter, huh? You want back outside?
He shook his head and sneezed again, before giving another bark. The rotted flooring right beneath Claire started to give way to her weight. It moaned and cracked. Before she could give it another thought, she fell all the way through, her back smacking against what felt like a mound of sticks. Ohhh She sat up and breathed in the dank and moldy air. Gunner looked down at her from the jagged hole in the floor, the floor which was now her ceiling. Mom! she called as she rubbed her aching neck. I fell! Instead of continuing to bark, Gunner now whimpered, and there was no sign of Mom.
Claire gripped a couple of the sticks to help gain her balance to stand. When she was halfway up, her sights fell on the mound beneath her.
Skeletons!!!
Claire screamed. Gunner barked, and circled the hole.
Claire quickly scrambled off the heap, nearly tripping a few times. Ankle deep in muddy waterthe results of the rains runoffshe got a good look at the skeletons. The laundry rooms light softly beamed down just enough for her to see most of the bones. There were so many, lying over each other, still in their clothes. Their old-fashioned clothes. All were uniformly dressed in either gray maids outfits or black slacks with white shirts. Their hollow eyes stared back at her, as if begging for help.
She shook the willies off her arms, and took a few more steps back, her breathing becoming shallow. It was such a horrifically bizarre sight. Most still had shoes hanging on their feet bones, as if they were string-puppets waiting to be taken up to dance. Mom! she called again, but this time it barely escaped her throat, coming out pathetically.
Besides Gunner still whimpering as he pawed at the hole, there was another sound. A frightening sound. Someone other than herself was breathing. I think theres someone down here with me, she uttered.
Zo finished sweeping up the remaining, tiny shards off the floor, shaking them out of the dustpan and into a trash. What a mess that was, she said, but quickly realized she was still alone. She glanced over at the laundry room and saw Gunner was strangely fixated with the floor, all the while crying his sad sounds.
A sixth sense told her to hurry over, so she jogged to Gunner, quickly seeing the gaping hole. Claire?! Claire, dear?! You there?!
Yes! a shaky voice answered.
Are you okay?!
Claire took a step back toward the heap of skeletons, them now feeling a thousand times more safe than the breathing in her ear. Her foot hurt, like it was sprained, but that was the last concern on her mind, as she slowly moved away, not daring to look behind her.
A mans voice whispered, Did you  break somethinnnng? And then louder, Do you hurrrt?
Mom! Claire said. Im not okay. Someones here with me!
Just a sec, honey! Ill get something to help you out.
Claire couldnt help itshe had to glance over her shoulder to face the man. She took a deep breath, and slowly looked. He stood in the dark shadows, his beady eyes seeming to smile at her  and not in a good way. He said, You better solve the puzzle, Claaaaire.
Im sending Gunner down! Whoevers with you better cry home to their mama! With that warning, the dog was thrust down into the hole, his sharp teeth already chomping, ready to tear into the fiend.
The man disappeared. Gunner shot past her, into the blackness. The Doberman sloshed through the dirty water fiercely as he barked his threats. Claire stepped around the skeletons and looked up, seeing her mothers fear in her eyes.
You okay?
Yeah, Im okay. How am I going to get out of here? Theres a pile of skeletons with me. Do you see them?
Zo ducked her head down the hole, and scanned the area. Yes. Its Fillmores servants, hon. Let me see if I can get something for you to climb out of there. Just a sec.
Claire pulled her cell phone out of her pocket. It still showed no reception. The storm was more fierce than she imagined, even preventing her state-of-the-art smart phone from calling out. She imagined a service tower having been hit by lightning. A sudden thought came to mind, and she flicked around her cells screen, until a bright light beamed out from its camera. She felt some relief over remembering that little trick; she didnt need a literal flashlight, after all.
Claire flashed it around, and didnt see the man or Gunner. It seemed she was in some sort of cellar, and the farther down the way, the dryer the floor. She stepped along until she saw dusty footprints and smeared paw prints from the chase. I hope he got you! she growled, thinking of her dog clamping his teeth into the man and not letting go.
She spoke too soon. Gunner squeezed himself through a little opening off to the side, coming back far too soon to check on his owner. He trotted right over, put his wet paws up on her, and licked her hand that went to pet him.
Im okay. Im okay. Whered the bad man go? Whered he go?
Gunner just gave a whimper, and then licked her some more.
Zo called down again. Honey, I cant find anything long enough to rescue you with. Im still searching! Id drop a chair down for you to step onto at least, but you are too far down.
Okay, Mom!
Gunner wagged his tail and trotted back over to the spot he had slid back through, to inside the cellar. He barked, as if to say, See, Mommya way out!
Claire stepped closer to inspect. It was a narrow window, broken open, except there were no sharp pieces of glass anywhere. The glass was missing. She peeked through it, still using the beam of her cell phone to see better, and all she could make out were the leaves of a large bush. She stuck her hand through and moved the plant, seeing rain pelting the earth. In the far distance was the outhouse. Claire felt a surge of exhilaration. I can get out here. 
Zo opened the kitchens back door for her drenched and dirty daughter. Quickly, she went over to the oven and pulled a dish towel off so Claire could at least wipe her face and dry her hair. Gunner sat at their feet, wagging his bobbed tail back and forth.
That was so scary! Zo said, rubbing Claires back.
I hate to break it to you, Mom. Claire finished rubbing the towel through her hair and tossed it in a sink. But things are still scary. We have to solve the riddles, and right away. The man was down there with me. He threatened me. He knows this house so much better than we do, Mom. He was with me in the darkness in the blink of an eye. This is freaking me out.
Zo embraced her daughter for a moment. We need to think about the last riddle again. Sugar and spice wears everything nice. Werent we going to head to Lillys? Her possibly being the sugar and spice the riddle is talking about?
*
The Kanes were standing in the middle of Lilly Fillmores room when they heard the front door slam downstairs. They ran and looked over the banister. Just as I expected, Momno one.
He didnt come in, because there are no wet footprints. Whoever it was went out! We have to figure out that clue as fast as we can. If our madman ran outside instead of staying to watch us find the next clue, he must have figured something out before us!
Mother, we have looked at everything in that room before now and stared at her picture long enough. If he knows, we need to follow HIM. Lets go!


FIFTEEN

Both mother and daughter opened the front door to the relentless rain. Their nightgowns whipped around their legs with the confused wind.
They could still see the dark figure heading further and further from Hillgate, and away from the paved path, sloshing through the wet wilderness. Pretty soon they were going uphill. Zos lungs worked extra hard, breathing in the wet rain. The women occasionally stumbled over the riotous earth, but it didnt slow them down. The moon was casting a continuous light on the figure ahead.
The silhouette suddenly stopped and turned around, as if it knew it was being followed. It had a slight hunch and was carrying something.
Get down. Claire fell to the ground and pulled on her mothers waist. She obeyed instantly.
They lay in the cold mud, watching him. Thunder clapped and lighting zigzagged, illuminating the gray sky. In that moment, they caught a glimpse of the shadows face, which had a hollow, deathly appearance, like a skeleton-ghost.
Maybe this was a bad idea, Claire confessed, as she shivered. Claires pretty brown hair was matted to her face as streams of water poured down her pale face in the moonlight.
I can barely see, but I think he could be holding a shovel. 
The figure walked around a radius of ten feet, pushing at the ground with his feet. Claire and Zo slithered along the mud like snakes after their prey. Lets head for that tree stump, over there, Claire said. Reaching that tree stump would make them much closer, and it would be a better hiding place.
After we find out what he is doing out here, then we will decide what we will do, Claire whispered. So for now, just be patient, Mom. No running at him!
They reached the stump. They noticed what he was carrying was a shovel. He found the spot in the earth he was looking for and proceeded to dig. With every strike, Claire and Zo heard the grunt and suction of the shovel loosening a load of mud. He slung the mounds of mud, one after the other, as fast as he could, behind him.
I say, Zo whispered, we confront him. We know where the treasure is. Right there, where he is digging.
Mother, patience is a virtue. Just hold back a little longer.
They watched and waited, peeking from behind the crooked old stump, as the heap of mud grew higher and higher. Claire guesstimated the heap was about three feet tall by three feet wide.
Zos right knee set onto a twig, causing it to crack. The sound echoed above the rain, across the night sky. Zo and Claire clenched their jaws and tightly shut their eyes in fear. The grunting of the shovel stopped. Claire slowly peeked back around the stump and saw the shadowed face, the gaunt hollows of the eyes searching for the source of the sound. Zo could hear her breathing, loudsure to give them away, she thought. But it didnt; the rain was louder, and the man continued his digging up of the earth.
That was close, Claire whispered.
I wonder what the treasure is  a trunk full of dollar bills? A crate full of jewels?
Claire was just as excited and nervous as her mother. Her heart seemed to be up in her throat; it beat harder than ever. Zo peeked from the other side of the stump, ready for anything.
The man suddenly let go of his shovel, dropped to the ground and disappeared into the large hole. Zo and Claire could see the top of his bald head and hear him struggling. They couldnt yet discern what he had excavated. He appeared, pushing himself up out of the hole. He was grasping something small in his right hand. He stood, his arms shooting straight up. Ahhhh ahahah hahahah! The hoarse, victorious laugh bellowed out and echoed across the sky.
Now is the time, Mom. Hes dropped the shovel. 
They stood in their muddy nightgowns, getting ready to confront the stranger that had been watching them in the house all this time. His back was to them, and he was still laughing in wicked glee. Claire ran and picked up the shovel and raised it to smack the man on the back with it.
Hearing this, the man turned to her in surprise, exposing his evil face in the moonlight. He had dark gray, beady eyes set in hollow, dark sockets. His pale and ancient face had many wrinkles, furrowed into deep valleys along his forehead, cheeks and lipless mouth. Barely any strands of gray hair survived his bald and wart-dotted scalp. Stay back! he warned in a gravelly voice. Its mine His worn and liver-spotted hands clenched his treasure as hard as he could, showing white knuckles.
What is it? Claire asked.
Youll never get it. Its mine, he repeated. Ive waited and searched for too long.
Youre going to listen to us for a moment, mister. Zos overwhelming fear was gone, now that she saw it was two capable women against one old geezer. Theres a lot of explaining to do about Hillgate and the riddles and the attic.
You wont defeat me. Ive waited too long for this. So long, in fact His tone softened. Do you know anything about the history of what you call Hillgate?
No, Zo responded. Other than what we put together ourselves. She stood with feet unconsciously placed apart, in case she needed to take instant action. They werent going to trust him for a moment. Tell us about it. Tell us about all the treasure you must be hunting. Tell us
Its quite a story His eyes became more stormy, matching the night. It started back in 1927. I was a bank teller to the richest man in Riverside, Mr. Thomas Fillmore, and I was dating his beloved daughter, Lilly


SIXTEEN

Flashback to July 4, 1927:
The ballroom was adorned with lovely ladies and regal gentlemen, in their finest wardrobes and accessories, dancing round and round in pairs as the Waltz was played by a string quartet.
One couple exceeded the beauty of all the others, sliding on the polished floor, tight in the center. She was wearing a white lace dress, with a high-buttoned neck. A gold locket lay upon her bust. Her hair was golden like the sun at noon, her cheeks rosy like the azaleas in her mothers garden.
The mans hair was thick, black, straight and combed back with Pomade. His features were refined: straight nose, recognizable cheekbones and a chiseled jaw. He smiled charmingly, looking the young woman deep into her blue eyes.
Dick, this has been the most fantastic Fourth of July ever, she said, gleaming in delight.
They twirled and twirled gracefully as if they were on ice. Too soon, the song ended and everyone was clapping.
An older gentleman took to the stage of the ballroom, wearing a tuxedo, black bow tie, and top hat. His well-fed belly pushed out like a kings. Thank you all, ladies and gents, for coming out on this evening, the Fourth of July, to celebrate together as a town, East and West of Riverside. We are truly happy to see all who could make it, did make it, including many of your beautiful children  who are being well taken care of by our nannies down on the first floor. Lets celebrate community, unity, charity and patriotism on this fine day, our day of independence. He smiled over his white, neatly trimmed beard. Now, lets continue to dance. There are, of course, more appetizers over on that side of the room. Please, enjoy He bowed and the audience clapped.
Dick, isnt my father the greatest? said the pretty young woman.
Yes, Lilly, the greatest. He had to force an upturned lip. You know, I will be just as rich as your father one day
Oh, dont you worry about that, she said. Money isnt everything.
But Dicks eyes were focused in his thoughts, unchanged by Lillys quick comment.
Lets get some appetizers, darling. Lilly pulled his hand and led him over to the buffet table, where silver and china adorned the rich tablecloth.
Well, good evening. A heavy hand rested on Dicks left shoulder. Dick turned to Mr. Fillmore, Lillys father. How are you two doing so far? he asked.
Splendid, and you? Dick responded.
Wonderful. He looked at his daughter and then back to Dick. You know, I love seeing my daughter so happy. Make sure you keep up the good job. He patted Dick on the back, then swiftly changed the subject. How was everything back at the base yesterday? I couldnt stop by; I had a meeting with the mayor.
Everything ran smoothly. Dick knew Mr. Fillmore meant at the bank, Riverside Bank, which he owned.
*
Back to the present:
Tom Fillmore was always making me feel much smaller than him. I was like one of the servants of his estate, only I worked out of his bank. He always told me I was much too young for management, being twenty years old. And besides, he was training some other man in town, the mayors son, to take over that position one day, as he had no sons as heirs. It made me furious, and ate at my innards. 
That night of the ball, opportunity offered me everything. Everyone was attending, including all of the banks employees, even the mayor and his son. I told Lilly that it was a warm evening, I was going to stroll and have a cigarette. Lilly hated smoke, so I knew she would not wish to join. The old man coughed and spat and then continued. I instead drove down to the bank, where I was going to walk right in and open the safe, like so many times I had done before. Then I was going to take the money and run. I didnt care one whit for that insufferable brat daughter, Lilly! What a bore! By the time anyone would discover the money gone the following Monday, I would be well away and hid. 
Things went wrong. I had the safe open when I was surprised by Fred Daniels, who was making rounds for the city of Riverside, making sure everything was secure. I had no idea. I was never there at night. And he was supposed to be attending the party, like the rest of the city! We fought, and when I had him down I shot him with his own gun. Then I covered up the crime by using the cleaning kerosene we used to remove ink stains, and set fire to the bank. The whole town caught fire because of it. Most of the firemen were at the ball.
So, then you did what? Zo urged.
I drove back up to the ball.
But you killed a man, and set the town on fire. Why didnt you beat it out and leave altogether, never to be seen again? You had your money, added Claire.
NO, I didnt! See, that was the atrocity of the whole thing. That hoity-toity banker had taken the money himself, as there was nothing in the safe but a hundred dollars worth of small bills. I was going back to get what was owed me for taking his malarkey for so long.
By the time I got back up the hill, people were speeding down, having heard about the fire in town. I simply walked through the front door, hid myself and waited for all to be gone. I stayed in the library for about two hours, until I was convinced I was safe. Then, I entered Mr. Fillmores room. He was sitting at his desk, and turned in his chair.
*
Flashback:
What are you doing here, Andrews? Mr. Fillmore put out his cigar in the crystal ashtray.
Where is it, Tom?
Where is what? And when do you start calling me so informally? He stood up, sensing something awfully wrong.
Where is the money? Dick walked closer to him, hands behind his back. His gray eyes were intense.
Dicky Boy, it honestly is none of your business where the money is. And how would you have known it wasnt all at the bank in the first place? Unless you were snooping around somewhere you shouldnt have been. 
I hate it when you call me that. Why dont you ever show me some respect?
What has gotten into you? Its like youre someone else. Im glad I found out now, so that I can tell Lilly. After tonight, you two wont be dating. And on top of that, after this behavior, youre going to have to find a job elsewhere. Youre fired.
Dicks eyes gleamed with knowledge. Dont you know? Havent you heard about the fire?
Of course I know. My guests have all left to scrape up what valuables survived the fire. We are just so fortunate it couldnt cross the river and get to us.
I dont think you understand why I am here. Let me inform you, Dick boasted. I was going to make something of myself. You knew I was your best worker. You trusted me the most and yet you took George Ross under your wing as an apprentice so he could run the bank in the future, after your death.
Andrews, George has a business degree. He is well into his thirties and very experienced with these sorts of things.
You want to know who set that fire? Dick asked, haughtily.
Who? Fillmores wise eyes seemed to already guess.
Me! Dick threatened him with the fire pick he had hidden behind his back. And if you dont tell me where that money is, youre gonna get it! Your business is destroyed and soon you will be, too, old man, if you dont tell me.
Now, wait just a moment! Tom raised a hand and then stepped a little closer to Dick, eyes looking straight into his with authority. You will never know where the money is! I will never tell you as long as I live. And if I die, I will still make sure you dont know. It is so well hidden you will never find it. It is a puzzle you would have to piece together, too complicated for you to ever figure out. And furthermore, you will never find it by breaking down these walls here or digging in the floors. Now, do we have an understanding? Fillmore quickly went for something underneath his jacket.


SEVENTEEN

Back to the present:
But it was too late, Dick told Zo and Claire. I got him. I got him, right in the heart with the fireplace pick. And then I had to kill Lilly, even though I didnt really want to, and her mother. I then had the whole mansion to myself. I buried the bodies out here, so no one could ever find out, and lived as a recluse all these years to try and find the money. I spooked away anyone that came near my property, but when you two came I had a feeling you could help me, so I let you be. But I didnt like all of those guests you had stay the night, so I tried to spook them  and then I had to kill the singer so Hillgate would get a spooky reputation. Now, finally, I have my deserved treasure. Finally
One more question, asked Zo. How did you keep people from coming up here and finding out?
That was a worry, and I had to make desperate decisions all at once. I chained and locked the gate. I also left a sign on the gate that said we were wiped out, having lost everything with the bank fire, with an added Please Respect our Privacy! I didnt know how long that would keep people from asking questions. Then the telephone rang, and I imitated Fillmores voice, told people my family had joined Lorettas mother in the West, because I was a devastated man. They understood, and I thanked them and asked to be left alone, a broken man.
The old guy took some satisfaction in revealing his genius plan. He had never told anyone but Zo and Claire.
It all worked my way, he continued. Good luck you might say, because one thing fell in line with another. People were too concerned about their own loss to think any further about Tom. Most attention was centered on the west side of the river, rebuilding, restoring. People came out here to build ugly things away from the city: dumps, recycled metal works, storage, auto junkyards. I let everything grow undisturbed. Even the trees cooperated with me, growing eighty feet and above the roof of the mansion to conceal it from the air.
After the stock market crash of 29, anyone who ever associated with Mr. Rich wasnt even around anymore. He was totally forgotten. Well, Ive finally got what I came for so long ago. Its mine, and you are the only ones who know anything about me. So, Im sorry, but you can no longer live. Dead men tell no tales, as Franklin said. He jerked the shovel out of Claires hands. She had been so enthralled with the story.
 You greedy, murderous, inhumane geezer! Zo exclaimed, having no pity for his story. You waited all of your life. You must be in your nineties, and you waited all of this time to find treasure.
Im a hundred and two, you
What a wasted life!
Leave me alone! He lifted the shovel. I am making something of myself! You think that just because you buy Hillgate, it is all yours. Well, its not! Its mine!
In his anger, he dropped his little treasure and held the shovel with both hands, gripping it tightly. He thrust the shovel at Zo, who quickly moved out of the way. Claire grabbed the shovels pole and yanked on it, trying to free it from his bony hands. Soon Zo was on his back in the mud. Now, all three of them were pulling on the shovel.
He has a death grip on it! Claire yelled.
Zo felt a sudden sharp pain on her forearm. It was him, digging his yellow, drippy teeth into her skin. OW! Zo kneed him. Claire! I feel kind of cruel beating up such an old man.
Not old man  old murderer! Claire said, struggling.
They rolled and sloshed in the mud, when suddenly they realized Dick wasnt fighting back anymore. Claire easily yanked the shovel out of his hands. I got it, she announced, amazed.
It was quiet. They looked down at him, lying face down in the mud, not moving. Is he dead? Zo asked.
Theres only one way to be certain. Claire rolled over his limp body. His black beady eyes were closed, covered in mud. The purple, protruding veins at his temples didnt pulse anymore. His see-through, white skin sunk against his skull. He definitely is dead. Dont ask me to do mouth to mouth.
They both breathed a sigh of relief.
Thats it, Claire stated. No more surprises for me. I am so glad its over.
They sat there to breathe in the cool air. Like magic, the storm suddenly stopped and the monstrous clouds moved away from the moon, letting it shine its brightest. The mother and daughter hugged, drenched and tired.
Im glad its over, too, said Zo, but there is still treasure here somewhere to be found.
I know. I saw him drop something.
They glanced over to the hole in the earth left by Dicks digging. Claire rolled over onto her knees and crawled toward it. It was the top half of a skeleton. Eew, I just got the willies.
Zo rolled over and crawled to it to see. The skeleton was wearing a deteriorated white, lace blouse, exposing her ribcage. The little pearl buttons, like in her painting, remained. That must have been Lilly.
The last moments of rain had washed the mud away from Lillys skull. Her cranium was calcified, not a spot of hair remaining. Her hollow eye sockets caused Claire to shiver. Her bones had hairline cracks coursing random journeys, painted black from dirt.
Claire turned to look Lilly in the eyes again. This time she felt something much different. It was strange and unexplainable, but it gave her assurance that Lilly was close by, watching them. She got goosebumps instantly, and the little hairs on the back of her neck rose. Then, with no explanation, she felt peace. Mom, I think Lilly is happy now.
What? Zo looked into her daughters eyes.
I just feel she has a sense of justice being done tonight.
I still feel so bad for her. Zo couldnt stop looking into those hollow eyes. Her family was murdered and she was buried out here, with no casket, to rot in this ground.
Moonlight glittered off of something, catching Claires attention from the corner of her eyes. She turned to see something round and golden. It was within arms reach and she picked it up. Look at this, Claire said.
Zo looked. Is that the locket from the picture?
Yes, Mother. Sugar and Spice wears everything nice.
Oh, wow.
And look, Mom, theres a little key on this chain. It must open it.
Well, open it. See what Dick was after all this time.
She turned the key at the bottom of the rather large locket, carefully. She felt it click, therefore she knew she could open it like a little golden door, to reveal the treasure.
A diamond! Claire said, excitedly.
It dazzled and shined so brightly in the deepness of the night.
Ooooh! Its bea-u-ti-ful! exclaimed Zo. It had a marquee cut and was the size of a date. I wonder how many karats it is!
Mother, what will we do with such a find? She stared at it glittering in the palm of her hand.
Well think of somethingsomething goodbut we are keeping it. So, how do you like that?! Zo nodded and was well-pleased with the discovery. They continued to stare at it awhile, looking at it in its perfect beauty.
Now, dear, there is just one thing tainting this almost-perfect moment. Zo pointed with her eyes to where Dick lay. Do you have your cell phone?
Claire laughed. Mother, why do you even need to ask? 


EIGHTEEN

The Riverside Bugles front page news, May 23rd: Hillgate Murderer Has Heart Attack.
Uninvited news reporters from all over town and neighboring cities parked themselves in front of the estate. Claire and Zo stood on the porch entrance, answering as many questions as possible.
Yes, his fangs sunk into my skin. See! Zo exclaimed.
Flash! Flash! Flash! All the cameras took pictures of the bite mark.
Mom! They werent fangs, for the record! Claire corrected.
Okay, okay, but I did knee him in the groin!
Yes, she did, Claire confirmed.
The questioning happened for more than an hour and then Claire finally said, Times up! We need to go inside and have some tea. No more questions, please.
*
Mom, please pick up after yourself. I have a date tonight. Claire moved her mothers cereal bowl into one of the sinks. We dont have maids here anymore, remember?
Well, we could if we wanted, couldnt we?
But we wouldnt need them if you would just put your dishes in the sink.
Can I come with you on your date, dear?
No way. Claire thought her mom was serious.
How did Dracula get back in touch with you?
You mean Lucas, Mom? She sat back down at the table. Lucas was one of the reporters there this morning. While you were so into talking to Rebecca Heat from Channel 5 news, I was being interviewed by Lucas from Channel 2.
Lucas is a reporter?
Yes, but he swears that he really was fond of me at the ball. It wasnt just to get answers out of me.
So, he was undercover? Zo smiled. What a smart man. Someone cute and into journalism as well? Just your kind.
Yes, maybe Ill get back into the media one of these days soon  but for now, hangin with you, Mom, is better.
Well, darling, I still want to go on that date with you, she teased. Maybe I could take Bob McGowan from the Riverside Bugle. I think he may have a thing for me.
Claire gave in. If you promise not to bug us. 
Oh, no, Claire. I wasnt being serious.
Oh, come on, Mom. Remember what you told me? Whats the harm in having a man find you attractive? Lets all go out tonight together. That would be fun. Ill give him a call.
Ill make that call myself, thank you.
*
Zo took her strawberry-blonde hair out of hot curlers and brushed it until it waved down her back just how she liked it. She wore a simple black evening dress and a wrap around her shoulders. 
Claire put her hair into a French twist and had pretty wisps of bangs come down on her forehead. She, too, wore a simple black evening dress, no wrap.
Dear, why dont you wear Lillys beautiful gold locket tonight? Im sure she wont mind.
Now that the diamond is in the safety deposit box, should I put something else inside of it?
 You can think of what it will be while we are out tonight. You know what? I cant trust my dates anymore  just like that! They all will want to marry me for my cars.
Thank goodness you are leaving me penniless, giving everything to museums and charity. That is my story and I am sticking to it.
*
The restaurant was gorgeous. The four enjoyed their food: prime rib for Lucas, surf and turf for Zo, spaghetti with the meatballs for Bob, and grilled salmon for Claire. The men wanted to talk about the old man from the attic, room number ten, the cars, and their careers. Then there were those moments when each couple spoke personally to each other.
It was fun. They continued their date back at the mansion in their own bar. Lucas built a fire in the granite fireplace. Pretty soon, everyone was tired. They wanted to continue talking in spite of the weariness. 
You know, guys, I can offer you a room if you are too tired to drive out of the hill.
I know, said Bob. That is what is so flipping outrageous about dating you, Zo. You are one continuous adventure. But Mr. Smith would never forgive me if I didnt come home. Thats my cat. But I would love to see you this weekend  that is, if you arent too busy  or booked with other dates.
I gotta go too, because I drove, informed Lucas. Plus, I have to do laundry tonight anyway for work tomorrow. 
Claire was smiling.
What? asked Lucas. Did you think bachelors wear dirty clothes? He smiled. 
Before leaving, Lucas kissed Claire on the cheek. And Zo kissed Bob on the cheek. And then Bob took the opportunity and kissed Zo on the mouth, which brought a big smile from both of them.
After the ladies closed the door behind the guys, they sighed in happiness.
That was fun, Claire said.
They danced their way up the stairs to the master suite and changed out of their clothes into nightgowns. Claire felt like sleeping with the locket. Once she lay in bed, she clasped the locket in both hands as it was still on the gold chain around her neck. She opened it again to look at the empty inside, pondering over what she could put in there. But wait  the moonlight caught a little glimpse of something she and her mother had not noticed before.
Mother, turn on your flashlight!
Huh? Zo was peaceful, about to fall asleep. What is it now? She pulled the flashlight out from under the bed and aimed it at Claire.
Not at me! Not in my eyes! Claire squinted. At the locket.
They read an engraved note on the inside, written in cursive script: Sink and Ye Shall Find.


NINETEEN

Sink and Ye Shall Find? Wasnt that already one of the clues? Zo asked. Its a repeat. Now why would it do that?
I dont know, Mother, but I am getting up. I cant sleep now. I have to look under every single one of the sinks in this estate.
Okay, darling, Im with you. They popped out of bed, put on their fluffy slippers and proceeded to look methodically under each sink.
What else do you think it could be leading to? asked Zo. She smiled. More treasure? I am feeling so spoiled just about now. 
Claire didnt answer. She turned on all the lights in every room as they went.
Under Mr. Fillmores sink was a used crystal ashtray and cleaning products. Under the vanity bathroom, more powder fluffs and perfumes and even makeup. Down in the servants quarters, the three small bathrooms the guests had to share had nothing but cobwebs and more cleaning products. 
They soon scrambled downstairs to check under the remaining sinks. In the parlor, there was nothing but old vodka and wine.
Oooh! Hundred-year-old wine? Could you imagine? Zo stopped to say.
You still see nothing that looks like a clue yet, Mom?
They had their heads and flashlights poking around opposite areas of the wet bar.
Nope.
They looked in the kitchen and there was still no riddle.
There is one last place to check, said Claire excitedly. The laundry room!
An old washer and dryer had been moved over and stacked to make way for the new bigger and better washer and dryer they purchased from Sears. Zo peeked under and around a utility sink, but there was nothing peculiar about it. I am tired. Theres nothing here.
You dont suppose the clue was a mistake do you? Like you saidjust a fluke repeat?
Well, I know one thing is for sure. I am not searching the rest of my life for the treasure, if there is a treasure, like our old friend Dick did.
That puts it into the right perspective. Lets just relax. They took a few moments to sit in the dirty laundry and contemplate before going to bed.
*
Yes, Mayor. Zo was on the phone the next afternoon. We would like to schedule a proper burial and to educate the community on the great Fillmore Mystery. Even establish a museum in their name.
That sounds like a fantastic idea. No problem. I will get all the help from the community I can.
The next days Riverside Bugle headline read, Volunteers Needed at Hillgate.
Cars and trucks unloaded volunteers to bring about Zo and Claires vision. Construction began for building a memorial museum, down closer to the bottom of Hillgate, by the graveyard.
It took about two months to finish. But when it was done, it was beautifulwith the best granite, marble and stained glass to match the decor of the estate and cemetery. Ladies from the community made large floral arrangements for the inside and outside. Others worked on painting the gate and replacing its rusted hinges. The grounds were beautified. 
Around the museum, the Fillmore Memorial, grass was planted to soften up the appearance from the rest of the wild brush. Zo and Claire stood at the foot of the gate, watching the resurrection of the lives of the Fillmores.
*
On the Fourth of July, the Kanes hosted a party, and the whole community was invited. No outsiders were allowed, except for a couple special invites to reporters. There wouldnt be sufficient room to accommodate the demand in the museum. A eulogy, given by Zo, and words from the mayor, would be recorded live for television viewers.
Inside the museum, several of Lorettas dresses hung on display with matching shoes and purses. Letters tied with ribbon were opened and put under a glass display case, with pearl necklaces and perfumes.
A section was dedicated to Lilly. The carousel that had woken them several times was pieced together. Zos antique dealer told her there was no logical reason for it to have turned and played music. Lace and pearls were used as metaphors to describe her. The locket was under glass, opened to the message, Sink and Ye Shall Find.
In Mr. Fillmores dedicated area were top hats, fancy shoes, guns and pictures of old cars. There were also a few cigars. The half-smoked cigar in the crystal ashtray, found under a sink, was probably that last cigar Mr. Fillmore smoked before he was intruded upon and murdered.
Many other things were up for show in remembrance, and Zo was especially proud of her old newspapers from the trunk she got at the auction. The front page told the legend of the fire. A couple inside pages reported on the charity the Fillmores had lovingly offered Riverside. These pages were pinned up behind glass.
Claire watched the community gather around and look everything over with respect and curiosity. Max came over to her, shaking his head in awe. Its amazing what your mother found here, he said.
Yes. Yes, it is, was all she could think to say in return, smiling at the irony of the situationhow this had looked like the worst investment ever at first sight.
It was fun working at the hotel while it lasted. Max rubbed his nose with his calloused hands. It was a nice change-up from the day job, if you know what I mean.
We enjoyed having you, Max. Youve been so good to us.
He smiled with a twinkle in his eyes. If you need anything  if any other positions open, let me know, sweetie.
Scheduled to start was the eulogy over the deaths of the Fillmores, hosted by Zo and the mayor. Dusk was approaching, and Zo read over and over the words she was to deliver. Her nerves were bouncing all over the place. Her daughter came up beside her and put a hand on her shoulder in affection. Claire, you would think I wouldnt be so nervous after all we have endured living here.
Fear of public speaking can be as strong as fear of death, Ive heard. But dont worry, Mom, youre going to do great. She rubbed Zos shoulders for a moment to loosen her up.
Townspeople were gathering in chairs, sitting under a couple set-up awnings that provided shade. The Fillmores gravesite was next to the small museum for all to admire. Artists had done a magnificent job of producing Thomas, Loretta and Lillys headstones. Different angel sculptures sat atop each to guard them. There was also a tall flagpole set permanently into the earth; at its top, the red, white, and blue colors of the American flag rippled brilliantly.
Ladies and gentlemen Zo cleared her throat, and spotted Penny in the crowd. We are gathered here today as a community to learn about the lives of those who once resided in Hillgate Manor. In this home lived a loving fatherowner of the community bankan enchanting mother with better style than even me
The guests gave a respectful chuckle.
And a daughter, Zo continued, who was in love and just becoming a woman herself.
Claires closed-mouth smile showed she was touched by her mothers words.
I have come to learn little bits about this family. They had great love for each other. Their patriotism was true  their philanthropy gracious. They didnt have to give, but they wanted to. It wasnt about showing how much money they had, it was about sharing a unity with each citizen living in Riverside.
Seventy-some-odd-years-ago, on this day, the Fourth of July, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Fillmore hosted a party. They invited the whole community and their children to come and have fun  but a fire tore through the other side of the river, leaving only this treasure here, standing as a reminder of that day. She pointed to the estate. The family died awful deaths, as you have heard from the news. They were placed in the earth without proper caskets or a dedication. It makes me well pleased today, and honored, to be a part of this dedication. And here helping me do this is Mayor Henderson. She looked over to him with a humble smile and called him forward. Mayor Henderson
The crowd was very quiet and respectful. Zo took a seat next to her daughter. Welcome, everyone, the mayor started. Thank you for coming on this most special day. In dedication of this gravesite, where one generation of a family can now lay peacefully with its former, let me present to the Fillmores these doves He pulled a blue cloth off of a birdcage to reveal several pure white, feathery creatures. We chose doves because they are white like Heavens light, and when released will soar in Heavens sky. It was also a dove that Noah released on his ark, to come back and bring good news that the flood was over. Let us pray that the flood will be over, and pray that peace may rest upon these souls  forever.
The mayor unlatched the lock on the cage, and opened it slowly. The angelic birds flew up, up, up into the sky. Some of the members of the audience had tears in their eyes, dabbing them with tissues and handkerchiefs.
Claire and Zo made eye contact after that serene moment and noticed they, too, had red, wet eyes.
*
As the mother and daughter were saying their good-byes to some of the lingering guests, one person waited in line to be last of all to speak to Zo.
Zoey, Penny said, wearing sunglasses. Hi
Hello. Zo felt her heart pound as evidence that even a mere greeting from the woman caused her nerves to bounce around. After the whole incident at the Homestyle Buffet, and then being dumped into the garbage truck out front of the womans home, Zo wasnt sure how to act around Penny. Claire once again stood nearby, just in case.
I have to tell you something. Penny lifted the shades off her teary eyes. Your speech on Riversides once gracious community had me thinking. Ive been the worst neighbor to you. A tear actually spilled.
Zo reached around her, giving her a great big hug. She could feel the metaphorical walls between them crumble down as the embrace tightened, and she asked, Does this mean were frenemies again?
More than that. Penny pulled back, smiling through more tears. We can be friends.
That sounds  wonderful. A deep breath of dusks air added to the refreshing feeling of reconciliation.
Oh, and-uh Penny clenched her jaw with an apologetic expression. If a county assessor comes knocking on your door, Im sorry.
You didnt!
Im afraid I did. She brushed some hair behind an ear, and the two ended up having a good laugh together over the timing of it all.
Thats awful, Zo sighed, shaking her head.
One more thing, Penny confessed. If you see the picture of you in Maxs truck floating around Facebook, maybe even getting hundreds of thousands of views on YouTube to the song Im a Loser, Baby, Im sorry about that, too.
Zos eyes went wide and she teased gruffly, Its too bad we already made up. I would have had fun getting even with you.
I wont do anything like that againever. I hope you can let it all go.
Zo stood silent a second and then a smile began to creep across her lips. For sure I can.



TWENTY

Everything seemed to be wrapping up into a happily-ever-after for the Kanes. That was until the next afternoon, when Zoey saw a man with a clipboard walking around the grounds, taking notes. Helloooo there! she called. He stopped and waited for her to approach.
What are you doing? she asked.
Hello, Mrs. Kane. Im Gene, one of River Countys assessors, here to re-evaluate this property. He handed her his card. This place hasnt been assessed in  seventy years it seems. A little overdue, wouldnt you think? 
Zo sighed. I cant say that you werent expected.
Im just going to be walking around here and taking some measurements. It says here  you own eighty acres? He rambled on. That is one of the most gorgeous mansions I have ever seen. It must have cost you millions. I could never afford such a beauty. Well, heck, for that matter I couldnt afford the millions of dollars in taxes a house like this would assess, let alone such a pricey property. Do you have an accountant?
Zo opened her mouth to respond, but he continued, For an estate this size, I would definitely have one.
I do have an accountant, she cut in, with frustration. Furthermore, I have invested a lot of money bringing this mansion up to speed. You can see my investment is great. 
Of course, it would be. The fact of the matter is, Mrs. Kane, a lot of people are in over their heads in property. You still have to pay up, or we take the place. Well, Ill get busy now. Pay no mind to me. He walked on, taking notes.
Clairrrrre! Zo called as soon as she entered the house. Bring your cell phone!
Two worry-filled months went by and many calls were made to lawyers, before Zoey finally picked one that made her feel confident. Then the letter came with the totals and the due date. There is no way we can pay this, Mom, even if we sold off some of our treasures, because a lot of them are contracted to museums anyway. I am feeling awfully poor all of a sudden, and insecure.
Yes, and I did some research, thinking Id be forced to sell. Its unlikely that anyone else around here can afford this place. It looks like they are going to get it all; they arent just charging for this year. What we have here is a value about equal to a little country. And all the new construction sites for housing developments suddenly popping up on this side of the river does not help. Value is going up. Zo put her head in her hands. Ohhh, oh, oh, oh!
Yeah, bring out the ice-cream and cake. I need comforting, sighed Claire.
The cell phone rang. Yes, tonight? You guys have become pretty good to us, havent you?! You know, Bob, Mom and I thought we were just going to pig out on ice cream and cake. We found out we are losing this estate and are going to be poor again and we are bummed out.
There was a long pause.
No, thats okay, I understand. Yeah, okay, bye.
Well? Zo ask dryly.
He was appropriately sorry, and he got off the phone fast, saying he remembered he had other business to take care of. Do you want to cry? I do
Ill get the cake and dish the ice cream. You make our tea and well cry together. A pitter patter began to drum on the window. Rain again. It seems softer though, dear.
It started to pour. I thought you said this was going to be a softer rain! 
At least this is not a thunder stormwhat was that?
Thunder, replied Claire, unmoved and resigned.
An hour had gone by when there was a rapping at the door. People rarely use the doorbell, ever notice that? Zo asked on the way to the door.
She opened it to reveal two wet guys holding a pizza, salad, soft drinks, and giant chocolate chip cookies in a plastic container. In a plastic bag hung around Lucass arm were three more assorted ice-creams, fudge sauce and maraschino cherries. Which fireplace are we going to use tonight? Bob asked.
The ladies instantly brightened up. How about we use the library tonight? We can play cards, billiards, or just watch the fire from the leather couch.
It sounds very warm and cozy. Lucas drove, but I brought Mr. Smith with me. He is still in the car. What room should I put him in with his kitty treats?
How about the sunroom for now? Zo replied.
Great! We are going to have what you girls call a slumber party. All on the up and up, of course. He winked. Lucas and I are going to hit the road in the morning before either of you girls opens an eye.
It was all very fun. And yes, there were moments of very endearing kisses. Claire had some alone time in the kitchen, helping Lucas unpack treats. Zo and Bob had a comfortable spot on the leather couch.
When the guys went to settle their overnight packs into their bedrooms, leaving Claire and Zo to sit alone in the library, the women bubbled over the surprise.
As they were talking, Claires attention was taken by a sound. Mother! Do you hear that?
What? What are you hearing?
Claire listened carefully, this time not hearing anything. She was sure she heard that tune againAllegany Moon. Oh, never mind. It must have been something else. I thought I could hear the carousel.
You know it is down in the museum. Forget that stuff and relax.
You are soooo right!


TWENTY-ONE

Bob and Lucas were gone early in the morning, as promised. Having found out they may not be able to live in Hillgate Manor much longer, Zo didnt feel like waking up. She felt a hand pat her shoulder, while she still lay between the silk sheets.
Mother  Mother. Time to wake up. Its eleven oclock. Checkout time.
Thats not funny after yesterday, Zo grumbled. Her strawberry-blonde tendrils were in a heaping mass of tangles.
Everything will be okay, Mom. Lets go have some lunch.
Oh, I have a headache. Zo dropped her head back on the pillow. Do I have to?
Well, what? Would you like breakfast in bed with an aspirin instead?
Oh, that will work wonders. Zo tried to smile, but noticed it came off feeling very fake.
She noticed Claire was still in her nightgown. Did you just wake up as well?
No, I woke up about a half hour ago. I just lay in bed thinking for a while. So, what would you like to eat?
Okay, well, yes. Ill have the Dr. Seuss special: green eggs and ham, Zo said.
Thats the spirit. Claire patted her mothers head.
Why do I sometimes feel like the child? Zo said to herself after Claire exited.
Claire quickly went downstairs to make breakfast. While she was stirring the pancake mixture in the kitchen, she thought of a great idea. Ill make rum cake while Im at it, to have after dinner tonight. That should make Mom a little happier.
She left the batter where it was by the stove and headed to the parlor. Upon entering, she noticed the Venus Moon ship painting laying flat on the ground. It had fallen off the wall. It was a curiosity, but Claire thought, Well, that is a symbol of my life! She hung it back up.
Claire then went over behind the parlors bar and looked in some cupboards. Theres some. Rum! she said, feeling rewarded.
She then headed back toward the door to go to the kitchen, but there it was againthe Venus Moon ship, laying on the ground.
Hm? Claire paused a moment, picked up the painting again and inspected the wall from which it hung. Mental noteget thicker nail to hang up picture. With that said, she placed the picture on the bar for later recovery.
As she gently poured the batter into the skillet for one large pancake, she looked at her clock and thought of her mom. I dont need to check up on her. Claire thought how silly it was to think it was necessary at that moment.
She cracked some eggs and put them in an adjacent skillet with butter. Again the thought came to her: go check on Mom.
While getting ready to crack another egg for herself over the skillet, she heard somethingher mother screamed. Mothers not a screamer. Claire dropped the egg on the floor and ran for the stairs.
Claire burst through the double doors. Mom! Whats wrong?! 
Zos face was pale like a ghost, or as if she had seen a ghost. She just sat straight up in bed and pointed, not saying a word.
Oh no, not again, was all Claire could say.


TWENTY-TWO

FIND MORE CLUES, FIND MORE CLUES, the mirror once again said in mauve lipstick.
Am I seriously in the Twilight Zone? Claire asked. Are we in a movie, being rewound and replayed at the audiences favorite parts?
Zo caught her breath. Darling, I couldnt help but scream. I was all alone when this happened.
What do you mean?
I dont understand. I just got up a moment to look at my hair in the mirror and thats what greeted me. I dont get it.
Well, neither do I
We know that Dick is dead, Zo explained.
Yes, we do. We saw the coroner take him away ourselves.
Do you smell that? Zo asked, fearful.
What?
Fire! Oh, no!
Oh no, my pancakes! Claire exclaimed.
The two of them rushed downstairs to find the pancakes now looked like the black Irish cookies Claires Aunt Molly used to bake. The ones they pretended to like.
Well, what are we going to do now? Claire huffed.
Lets get out of this house for lunch, Zo suggested.
Good idea!
They grabbed their purses and long jackets to cover up their nightgowns and headed out the door.
What about my awful hair? Zo asked as they jogged to the Volkswagen.
Dont worry, I have a pocket comb in my purse.
Down at the Homestyle Buffet, Claire and Zo sure looked like some duo, applying the last bit of concealer out of Claires handbag underneath their eyes.
You know, darling. Maybe you were right from the beginning. The house is cursed. What do you think we should do about it?
Yes. You know  come to think of it, the Venus Moon ship picture fell to the ground twice while I was downstairs. I just assumed it was from the old little nail barely holding it up, but maybe it was something else.
Daughter, are you starting to believe in ghosts?
As a smart man once said, If a tree falls in the forest and you dont hear it
It means we need our hearing aids turned up. Yes, we all know that one, Zo said seriously.
No, Mother Claire eyed her.
What? Zo asked.
Claire got a ring on her cell phone. Who could that be? Hello? she answered. Its for you, Mom.
Ms. Kane, this is Sandra Darelle from the county. We havent received your payment of assessments yet. You have a deadline.
Yes, I am aware of that and am doing everything possible to meet your due date.
Thank you. Good luck in your efforts. Ms. Kane, I must also inform you that you will not get any further reminder. 
Thank you for telling me. Good-bye Zo hung up. Butthead, she added. Hey, you know what we need to do, Claire? FIND MORE CLUES! FIND MORE CLUES!
*
When the two got home, they left a message on Lucass voicemail, asking him if he wouldnt mind calling Bob and kindly spending the night again.
That night, the men showed up with fast food chicken, coleslaw, corn on the cob, macaroni and cheese, biscuits  and orange juice to ensure everyones good health. They danced in the ballroom, petted Mr. Smith, played a round of billiards, looked at the notorious attic, looked at room number ten, sat in the barber chair in Mr. Fillmores room, talked about the old car pictures on his wall
Bob mixed virgin margaritas for the ladies, and he and Lucas partook of a glass of white wine. They munched the chips and salsa, always kept at the bar. Then they agreed they needed to keep their strength up for the next day of work, and all went to their rooms for the night.
Whats that? Claire asked Zo.
Is it the county assessor already driving in trucks to haul everything away, throw us out, and nail the doors shut?
No. It doesnt sound like that.
Is it the Sandman, mad at you for not letting him put you to sleep, and hes chewing you out?
No, it doesnt sound like that.
Is it Jason or Freddie Kruger? 
No. I dont think so, anyway.
Good. Then I dont care. Go to sleep!
Listen, Mom, Im serious. Listen. What is that?
Zo forced herself to sit up in bed and rubbed her eyes.
That! Hear it?
Yes. Its the guys playing billiards.
The guys said they were going to bed. Why would they meet up again in the billiards room?
I dont know. What, you want to go ask them?
Come on, Mom. Lets go see. No groaning. You want to make sure nobody kidnaps me, dont you?
I will gut-punch anyone who tries! assured Zo.
They had their flashlights again, and were stealthily walking up the stairs and down to the billiards room. The two heard the knocking of balls again. When they got to the door they could see there was no light on.
Since when does anyone play in the dark? asked Zo.
You know the answer to that. Get ready for another fight. Put the flashlight into battle mode! But first, shine it around to see who we have to fight.


TWENTY-THREE

They pushed open the door and shone in the light. No one could be seen. Claire stepped in, followed by Zo, who reached over and turned on the light. They walked all through the room, looking in every corner: behind the heavy drapes, under the table and behind all the chairs and couches. Nobody there.
Remember? We put the balls in the tray and put up the sticks? Look at the table, said Zo.
Yep, there is a ball break on the table. No cues.
Just then, one ball began to roll across the table. They watched as it rolled into an opposite corner pocket. Dont ask me if the table has a slant, because then all the balls would be rolling, said Claire. She went over to the basket the ball rolled into and reached in to grab it. A puzzled look crossed her face and she reached deeper. The ball is not here. She bent down to look directly into the basket. No ball. Not at all.
What do you mean no ball? Zo asked.
Theres just no ball here. You saw it roll, didnt you? I mean, my mind isnt playing tricks on me, is it?
Yes, I saw it roll, also. It was the cue ball. They must have got a scratch, whoever rolled it.
I cant believe youre joking about this one, Mom. This is like Poltergeist. I think I want to run and go get Lucas, Claire said.
Let me take a look, darling. Zo walked over to the basket-pocket and she, too, saw it was empty. Its probably the same ghost that wrote Find More Clues
What do you mean?
Lets look around the table for a clue. We know the table isnt slanted, dear. Theres no other explanation. Lets look.
Claire and Zo felt and looked along the rim of the table.
Wait a minute! Claire announced. Okay, that is something unusual. Do you know if billiards tables have key locks?
Are you telling me there is a lock there? asked Zo as she walked around to get a look for herself. Sure enough, there was a golden lock waiting for a little key to be inserted at the joint between the lip of the top and side of the table.
What do you suppose it does?
Zo reached into her robe for her ring of keys they had found in Mr. Fillmores room. These are still in here from the other day when I was wanting to unlock the gun case. All the keys were too big. Actually, there is no key on this ring that will fit that key hole.
What size key would fit there? asked Claire. 
Hmmm, a diary key would still be too big.
How about this? Claire took Lillys necklace off and was holding the key to the locket.
I thought that was in the memorial.
Not on weekends, Claire said. Lilly lets me use it.
Zo smiled and arched an eyebrow and then stepped aside. Claire crouched down and inserted the key. But before she ever turned it, something peculiar happenedthe insertion tripped a spring lock and the felt tabletop clicked. They lifted the top.
Oh, my  gosh! Zo exclaimed and hurried to lift the top further.
Claire helped also, using all of her strength. The top was on hinges. They pulled up on it like a lid to a jewelry box. As they revealed their discovery, they were gasping. This must have been the true treasure: gold bars, a jewel-encrusted box, papers of stock, with one saying Coca Cola; gold coins; and bundles of gold notes. There was too much to even identify.
I want to dive into it and swim! Zo exclaimed.
I want to look at that jewel box right there, said Claire, reaching over.
Go! Hand me the leather bag while youre at it.
Jewelry for a queen, marveled Claire.
Mine is a bag of rubies and sapphires. Im not kidding, look! 
Shall we go get the guys and tell them about our find? asked the giddy daughter.
No! It isnt wise. It would weird them out!
Youre right. Youre right. She snapped out of it.
We have to keep it a secret right here in this very place that it has been secure all these years. In fact, pick out a favorite piece of jewelry now  and remember people will see what you take.
All right. I agree. Claire grabbed a four karat diamond ring. Is this a wise choice, Mother? I dont want Lucas to think I got engaged overnight to someone else.
Just wear it on your right hand, and tell him the truthits an heirloom.
What would you choose, Mother?
The rubies in this leather pouch will be just fine with me. Zo smiled. Help me close the lid. And never take off your locket, because of the key. Now, lets go back to our room. They turned off the light on their way out. 
*
Once in their bed, they whispered to each other. Claire said, So, that was itSink and Ye Shall Find. Sink the billiards ball and find the lock to the treasure. It seems like a dream, but it is real. I mean, it is real, isnt it? I hope I dont wake up from this.
You are not dreaming. I knowwe can pay this place off and its taxes for years, and we arent saying how. As far as people are concerned, they can just think the money came from things we sell from this estate. No one knows what that all entails. As far as husbands go, whatever we go into a marriage with is still ours. Keep everything on the down low. On the other hand, we can continue to beautify this place and rent to weddings and things like that in order to share the beauty. Oh, and we can also anonymously give to needy people. Wont that be fun?
Yes, and what about a private island and jet? Claire joked. That can be a secret, too
Well live well. Just dont be excessive and wasteful. Zo remembered something else. There is one dealer by the name of Kipperman I think we can trust. Im sure he would like to buy some of our treasure, and help me sell others. I dont have the capacity to keep and enjoy every bit of it for myself. And Im sure he will be happy to assist me, especially if I give him a gold bar.
What will you tell him? The truththat we found a load of treasure in the pool table?
I can simply say I found these in a safe on the property, and Id be so much more comfortable getting rid of themwhich is absolutely correct. I just wont tell him theres even more. Ill get the money, declare it, and pay taxes on it, though. I intend to be honest.
Claire sighed in contentment. Thats good She rolled onto her side, facing her. What do you say we hire on Max full time as a foreman of this property? He mentioned to me that hes available if an opportunity arises.
Yes. Zoey rolled onto her side as well, and excitedly added, And what do you say we gift him with a really nice car? He really has been such a dear.
Claire felt her heart swell with happiness at the thought. That sounds soooo perfect.
They fell asleep and dreamed of cruise ships and island men.


TWENTY-FOUR

Zo was the first to wake up the next day. The guys and Mr. Smith were gone again. It was bright out, and in her excited movement she awoke Claire.
Claire grunted. Any creepy things written on the mirror? she asked her mom, pushing off the silk sheets.
Nope.
Any guest who hasnt checked out? she asked behind her sleep mask.
Well, if you consider Bob and Lucas guests
No creaking boards or pictures falling off of the walls either, right?
Right, darling. Its time to get up and enjoy possibly the first normal day here at Hillgate.
Claire took off her pink mask to face the brightness of morning. Sunshine pushed its way between the curtains, illuminating the beautiful room. Wow, a normal day?
What a blessing, huh? Zo added.
They decided to make a big breakfast of eggs, ham, hash browns and cinnamon rolls, chased with orange juice. When the dishes were done, they got dressed in something very comfortable: simple blouses, old jeans and scuffed work boots that they had used out on the property.
Soon after, they showed up at Kippermans Antiques & Rare Commodities, Claire wearing a backpack. Upon Zoey unzipping the bag, Kippermans eyes went wide, and he curled his mustache in astonishment. Wh-what is this?
Zoey handed him a gold bar, followed up by a contract. Kipperman didnt say a word, but his face looked rather frozen. Then he pulled over a chair and sat, staring at the bar, caressing it with an index finger. You have more of these? he asked.
Oh, yes! Zo smiled.
Claire thought she saw a tear.
*
Later that morning, Gunner and Bond trotted up the road with Zoey and Claire, taking detours to smell the ground and circle the duo as they went.
The mother and daughter picked some wild flowers that were in blossom along the road toward the gate. They listened to the birds chirping, felt the cool, crisp breeze tickle their skin, and smelled the last of the dew along the wild grass.
Zo laughed. Did I ever tell you I was a morning person? 
Did I ever tell you that, Mom?
Were just a couple of bees in a pod.
Peas.
Huh?
Never mind.
They passed the memorial to the left. Just a little bit further on the right was the Fillmores grave site.
They both knelt down in front of the headstones, their knees getting a bit damp in the soft earth. Claire first placed a dandelion on Mr. Thomas Fillmores grave, then Mrs. Loretta Fillmores grave, and finally Lillys. She then took in a deep, refreshing breath in silence.
Zo followed her daughters example, placing little purple flowers next to each dandelion.
They linked arms in affection and contemplated the last few months.
Claire pointed into the sky. Look at that! 
Their eyes went up, focusing on a little white spot, too small and too fast to be a cloud. In fact, the sky was a perfect, clear blue. They watched the little white spot twirl a few times, then become bigger as it came closer to the earth. It finally landed on Lillys headstone  on the wing of the angelic baby sculpture.
A dove, they said in unison.
It ruffled its little white feathers and cooed a couple times, looking Zo and Claire both over before dropping a little white poo.
Wow, Zo said.
Yeah, I was expecting an inspiring moment, werent you?
Well, that just brought our lives back to normal, didnt it?
Thats a good thing.
Do you think this means the floods over? asked Claire.
Zo laughed cheerfully. Most definitely! 

The end.

Sign up for our email list, so you can be one of the first to hear about new releases and special offers: Click here

Z & C Mysteries, Books 1-6:
The Riddles of Hillgate
Cruise to Murder
Hexes and Xs
Legend of The Lost
A Grave Situation
The Howliday Inn

You have finished book #1 in the Zoey and Claire Kane series. Dont forget to check out the sequel, Cruise to Murder. (You can read the first three chapters, starting on the next page.)

Cruise to Murder Raves:

5 STARS. The story is quite fascinating with more ambitious content than the first novella and it affords lots of surprises. I was perfectly, wonderfully entertained! Take my advice and read this series. You will not regret, I promise!
Stephanie, From Books Paradise

This short mystery is packed with trouble, mystery and intrigue.
Kari, From the TBR Pile

Cruise to Murder is, just as The Riddles of Hillgate, a fast, fun and entertaining read.
Kim, Kims Bookish Place

I really enjoyed Cruise to Murder You wont be disappointed with this one.
Jill, Seaside Book Nook

ZoeyandClaire.blogspot.com
BreezyReads.com
-1-

The cruise ship was larger than Zoey and Claire Kane had imagined. The Sunburst, with its sleek lines, hundreds of glistening windows, and colored flags lining the bow, promised luxurious adventures ahead.
Mother, watch out for rolling your luggage onto peoples ankles, Claire warned.
Uh huh, Zo said, but her focus was taken away by the scenery. She romanticized the sea, down to its pungent, fishy smellit was all part of the mystical marine allure. The latest romance novel she read was about a bare-chested captain who could swing from sail to sail, holding on to a rope with one arm and a damsel in distress in the other. Perhaps I could experience something similar on this voyage, she mused.
Oh! Ow! protested a fellow passenger, scowling.
Oops! Sorry, sir. So sorry! Zo snapped out of it, pulling her leopard suitcases tighter alongside her own feet.
What did I tell you about ankles, Mom? Claire was carefully wheeling her three black suitcases.
They were headed up a wide ramp, which led to an entrance aboard ship. It was packed with very wealthy, mostly older, vacationers. Claire didnt think to ask her mother why neither of them had opted for luggage delivery to their suite. She and Zo didnt feel as if they were part of such a pampered class. It was just happenstance that the two came upon such riches recently. Still, they expected to have a lot of fun taking advantage of their nouveau wealth. It was time for a much needed holiday, especially after having just solved the riddles surrounding their purchase of their new home, the mysterious Hillgate Manor.
Zo was wearing a sheer blouse with a dropped neckline over a tank-top. Her strawberry-blonde hair was braided down her back, leading to her white capris and golden-laced sandals. Claire was wearing a simple summer dress, her brown, shoulder-length hair up in a sleek French twist.
I fear we didnt dress well enough for the occasion, Zo finally said, taking in all the hundred-dollar sunglasses, thousand-dollar handbags, Rolexes, pearl necklacesand, of coursediamonds  big ones!
Im just amazed we can out-dress them if we desire, Claire said. But that doesnt matter anyway. We are just boarding. We have our nice clothes for later, not to be wasted on moments like this.
I suppose youre right, but I do wish I had brought my lovely ruby ring for tonight, Zo said. Then she spotted a group of older women all wearing red hats, complemented with purple fringe, feathers, scarves, or lace. Its the Red Hat Society!
Oh, I think Ive heard of them, Claire said. Seniors who wear red hats and enjoy leisure activities. See? There are more over there.
Yes, yes. Oh, and there must be the Pink Hat Society. Zo pointed. Younger women with pink hats were interwoven with the party of red hats. Do you think I could fit in with them, dear?
Who?! The Pink Hats? Dont even try. Claire was serious. I would like this cruise to be mostly about us. We have not had fun and relaxation in a long time. Lets just stick together.
I know. Zo would have put her arm around her daughter, in a side-squeeze, if they werent continuing up the never-ending ramp. How do you think Lucas and Bob will do without us?
I think they will be fine.
Remember to keep your options open. Lucas may not be The One.
Bob either, Mother. I think its too soon for them to think we are exclusive anyway. What has it been, a couple of months of dating here and there?
Yes, but they certainly are good boys, arent they?
Yes, good boys. Claire laughed.
After finally entering the center, the Grand Foyer of the ship, they made their way to an elevator of mostly windows, decorated with twinkling lights. They exited on the top deck, where the most elite staterooms resided.
Zo gasped. That hallway looks to be about a mile to the left and a mile to the right.
Oh, no worries. Claire quickly saw that their stateroom was not too far off. Its just right up there.
Oh, good.
Zo had the key card and she unlocked their door. Inside didnt disappoint. It was comparable to a five star hotel suite in Vegas. A chandelier was right in the center of a very elegant sitting room. Champagne and cider in an ice bucket greeted them next to fresh-cut orchids in a vase on a glass coffee table. Two bedrooms off opposite sides from it had king-size beds, large flat screen TVs, and walk-in showers.
This definitely is a celebrity cruise line. Ive never seen such rooms aboard other ships, Claire noted.
Wow! Zo exclaimed. I still have a poverty appreciation for this kind of grandeur.
They opened a sliding glass door and stepped out to their balcony. They stood there, leaning their forearms against the railing in awe for a moment, looking out across the dark, rippling sea.
Theres the lifeboat, Claire said, nodding just left of the balcony.
That makes me feel better, her mother said with a chuckle.
After hanging up several expensive evening dresses and setting out dozens of high heels, they heard an announcement over an intercom in their rooms. This is your captain, Vladimir. Welcome and thank you for choosing The Ocean Elite Cruise Line for your vacation experience. He had a Russian accent. In one hour, 5 p.m., we ask all to gather for a mandatory lifejacket try-on with accompanying tour of exits and lifeboats. We will sail away in two-and-a-half hours6:30 p.m. I invite you to the traditional sailing away ceremony out on the Galaxy Deck. The Sunburst will be sailing to our first stop, Kinikiwiki Island, arriving at this beautiful destination by morning. Bon Voyage!
They felt thrills of excitement course through them upon hearing the announcement of the island getaway. They met back in the sitting room upon the captains last words, all dressed for the evening.
Claires large gold locket adorned her black satin dress. Her hair was still up, but tightened into a neater twist with a bit of bangs falling across her perfect forehead.
Oh, you look wonderful, said Zo as she centered her daughters locket clasp more perfectly to the back of her neck.
We look wonderful. Claire beamed. Wow, your garnet red dress is to die for!
Yes, I thought it would make a statement. I bought it in the city last weekend. What kind of a statement does it make, dear? Nothing rude, I hope.
You and it go well together. Dont worry, assured her daughter with a critical eye. Why dont we walk around a bit before the night wears on?
Count me in, Zo chimed.
They both rushed to grab their evening handbags. Zo felt the doorknob to make sure it was locked on the way out.
Suddenly the door to the suite left of them opened up and out stepped a very thin, happy woman, wearing a cocktail hat, a geranium-red dress to match, and a deep purple boa. Oooh, your dress is to die for! she exclaimed to Zo.
Thats what my daughter said. She chuckled, happy for receiving the remark twice.
Well, it is. She gleamed, her fluffy white hair poking out from under the hat. Her blue eyes were sincerely kind and her cheekbones were round like apples. Hi, my name is Kathryn.
Zo shook hands first. My name is Zoey Kane and this is my daughter, Claire Kane. You can call me Zo.
How do you do? said Claire.
Oh, splendid. Im here with a bunch of lady friends, but you know it is so neat to see a mother and daughter close like you two. You arent in business together, are you?
Well, not really, Zo answered. We did have a very successful hotel. She didnt fear bragging. But now we are looking into other options. Claire was an editor to Eye Witness Magazine, she added to top it off with a cherry.
Eye Witness Magazine? Oh yes, I have heard of it, although I havent read an issue myself. Her smile continued. Oh, well, speaking of publishing She quieted her voice and stepped a little closer to the two. I hear that Felix Belmont, publisher of American Citizen, has a room right on the other side of you two!
Really?! Zo and Claire said in unison.
Yes! Kathryn nodded vigorously. Maybe you will run into each other during the week. Exchange info.
Oh, that would be excellent. Claire thanked her for that bit of information.
Well, see you ladies around. I have got a meeting to attend. She waved. And Im late!
Bye! Zo said, admiring her charm.
Did you hear that? Felix Belmont is next door to us. This vacation seems to only get better and better and weve hardly arrived aboard ship, Mother.
-2-
Now take your life jacket and slip it over the head, like so. A crew member demonstrated effortlessly.
Large crowds gathered in separately appointed areas, learning how to save themselves in case of emergency. The Starlight Room, a very large theater, was Zo and Claires appointed meet-up place.
Claire slipped her life jacket on within a couple seconds. Somehow, Zo got hers caught on her pretty hair ornaments. Her arms were stuck upwards, and she looked like a crab to her daughter. Claire was trying to be sympathetic, while at the same time unsuccessfully resisting laughter.
Help, Zo squeaked, her brown enchanting eyes peek-a-booing through the front slats of the jacket.
Claire quickly helped by pushing down on the life jacket and moving her mothers hair strategically out of the way. The scene caught the attention of several people nearby, who tittered amongst themselves privately.
This is not the first impression I wanted to make. Zo huffed. Hurry!
Im trying, Claire said, pushing harder, making Zo hunch. Finally, the contraption pushed over her head, revealing a stressed, red face.
A crew member came over right away. Maam
Yes? Zo tried to keep her composure, fixing flyaway hairs.
The adult life jackets are on that side of the foyer. You have on a childs.
A what? A childs? Are there any children on this ship?
Suddenly she heard a baby cry, and then spotted a little girl wearing heart sunglasses, teasing her younger sibling from a couple of tables away.
Shouldnt they be on a Disney cruise line?
Mother! Claire chastised.
Just kidding. Just kidding. Sir, can you help me take this off? Zo asked the gentleman, kindly.
*
Later, at the sail away ceremony, Claire and Zo had the very front and center spot at the railing of the ship.
Oh, is that Joan Rivers? Zo pointed to someone on the deck above them.
No, I dont think so. I think its an impersonatora lookalike. I bet well see many of them throughout the week.
 Ladies! Look this way! A man with a camera flashed a bright light, causing them to blink. This photo can be picked up later on the Nova Deck. You will find them fastened to a wall of pictures.
 The night air was chilling, but the excitement of disembarking warmed everybodys spirits. It was completely dark out now, and the stars twinkled as a haven above The Sunburst. Zo and Claire held on to the cold railing and looked ahead to the horizon.
Suddenly music played loud enough for the thousands of guests to hear from a speaker. It was swing dance music. People brought out glasses with wine to celebrate.
How come we didnt think to bring a drink? Claire asked.
Its probably their hundredth time being on a cruise. They know all these things. We, on the other hand, have never been on a cruise. We know nothing. Zo lowered her voice to a gruff whisper. Which I think is abhorrently obvious to everyone!
To that Claire didnt say anything, but smiled extra big. It was great just having the sea wind blowing across their cheeks. When the song was over, they heard a mans voice say over the system, Are you ready to go to Kinikiwiki Island?
Yeah! the crowd yelled back.
I said, are you reeeeaaady?
Yeah! everyone hollered louder.
To that they heard the long low moan of the ship horn; not once, twice or three times, but five times, and then they felt The Sunburst shift and move in the water. And another song played.
*
Claire had signed them up for the 8 p.m. dinnertime. The two were seated and introduced to their table matesa young couple on their honeymoon. She was dewy-eyed, having the porcelain skin that only a twenty-year-old can have. He looked like a football star. Both wore smiles, polite and shy. They soon settled into eye gazing between each other and all else did not exist for them, which allowed private conversations between the Kanes. It also allowed for quiet time in which to be dazzled by all the happy people.
Its hard to keep from staring, said Zo, who was a people-watcher anyway.
 Do you think we will see Mr. Belmont, Mom? I would love to talk with him. Maybe I could get a position with his magazine. I could write my articles from home and e-mail them in.
Do you know what he looks like?
Not a clue.
An impeccably ironed and creased waiter took their order, and did not leave without first removing the napkin Zo had not as yet placed in her lap, shaking it open and placing it there for her. 
Both enjoyed their lobster which was buttery, lemony and delicious. Dessert was on its way. Zo settled on the banana cream pie and Claire savored the New York cheesecake. The honeymooning couple finished their dessert and excused themselves politely, smiling.
Why dont we go to the magic show which is coming up soon in the Starlight Room? suggested Claire with anticipation.
*
They managed to get a table fairly close to the stage. While waiting for the magic show, the emcee asked if there would be anyone willing to tell a good joke. Meanwhile, the drinks were being ordered and served to the tables: Pina Colada, Itch Witch, Sailors Grog, Purple Whirligig (double rum and crme soda with a purple pinwheel); all kinds of fruit daiquiris with garnishes of cherries and limes next to umbrellas, fancy straws and glittering swizzle sticks.
There is Kathryn, Mom.
Yes, answered Zo, looking toward three booths of Red Hat Ladies. You know, I have never liked purple and red together, but they have done such a wonderful job of making themselves so cute in it. And they are all different from each other; not one is dressed the same.
Here are some more coming in.
The group called across to the others, laughing, seeming to be friends to all.
The volunteer joke-teller was giving the punch lineHunchback, Hunchback!
I think hes talking about you and the life-jacket today, Mom.
Never mind, dear.
The music struck up and the announcer yelled energetically, Here he is, Larrrrrry Potter!
The magician leaped out onto the stage, twirling out his black cape as he spun to a bow. He removed his top hat and placed it onto a stool. Yes, that is my name. Welcome. Tonight I am going to astound you by causing things and peopleyes, peopleto disappear from right before your very eyes, behind this curtained box here.
But first, a rabbit! Where did the rabbit go? Where is my rabbit? See there? Gone! Not only did he disappear, but you didnt even see him in the first place.
The band played, and he added a dramatic, Ta daaaaa!
We have with us tonight, right in this very room, a very notable man. I am sure you all have heard his name, or at least read his magazine, American Citizen. Previous to this show, he volunteered to disappear for us. Well, actually he volunteered Mrs. Belmont to disappear for us.
The crowd chuckled.
There he isMr. Belmont!
Belmonts booth was laughing it up as the spotlight beamed on him and his smiling wife.
Did you see him, Claire?
Well, not really. The light was too bright and washed out his features.
A rabbit ran up on stage and stopped in front of the magician. Larry Potter, seeing him, said, Not now! Its too late. Youre fired!
It looked like the rabbit threw a silver dollar as it popped up from the stage.
Oh, so that is what youve been doing. He picked up the dollar, polished it and stuck it into his pocket. Then he picked up the rabbit and looked him in his eyes. All is forgiven. Can you get more of these? What do you mean you can, if I stake you fifty bucks?!
He set the rabbit down, and as it was running off stage to a woman waiting to take him, Potter called after him, And lay off the bourbon, you know it causes your feet to swell!
The audience laughed and applauded.
Wait! The magician trotted over to the lady who was about to leave the stage. He reached into his pocket and removed his wallet and took out some bills. Potter lowered his voice a little, but the audience could still hear him. Give this fifty dollars to the rabbit.
She hesitated, to which he replied, Trust me.
Having returned to the spotlight, the show continued: Good evening, everyone. As I said, I am Larry Potter, no relation to Harry. And although I do wear glasses, you will see I have blond hair and I am in my thirtiesby the way, very handsome and single  hint, hint. His eyes seemed to meet Claires for a moment and she blushed.
Zo nudged her. He was looking at you. 
Because everyone else in here needs the assistance of a walker
And, he continued, I would like to start tonight off with a tricka classic card trick. Dont worry, I will have the cameras zoom in on me so you can see every suspenseful moment projected on the screens to the left and the right of me. Lets see
He started walking back and forth looking for his non-voluntary helper. Who will I ask?
Quickly he ran back to Claire with a deck of cards in one hand, while welcoming her to shake his other hand. Hi, what is your name?
Claire. She smiled, a bit embarrassed.
Claire, he repeated into his little microphone attached to his black vest. Mi amour, Claire. He gazed longingly into her long-lashed, large brown eyes which entertained the crowd some more. Pick a card, any card. He shuffled and fanned out the options.
Claire went to grab the one third to the right.
Uh, not that one, he whispered loud enough for the crowd to hear and laugh.
She went to take another.
Not that one either
Claire laughed and shook her head. Finally she was able to pick one he would let her have.
 Now look at it and dont tell me what it is.
Claire put it close to her face and then buried it against her black dress.
Was it the Queen of Hearts? He raised his eyebrows flirtatiously.
Yes! she exclaimed, and showed it to the camera.
The crowd clapped.
I knew it. Let me ask you, Claire. Do you have any king in your life?
No! Zo called out, answering for her daughter.
Mother! Her eyes widened.
Well then, thank you  and for being such a great volunteer, I have something for you. Larry put a hand behind his back and it suddenly reappeared with a red rose.
As Claire went to take her flower, Larry grabbed her hand and kissed it, but in doing so lost grip of his deck of cards and they fell to the floor of the stage, all face up. The camera zoomed in and the audience saw projected on the screens that every card was a Queen of Hearts.
Oops, the magician said sheepishly, part of the act.
Larry continued with a new unwrapped deck to perform many great classic magic tricks, and it soon neared the end of his show, where he said he had saved the best for last.
Now, for the last magic trick, would the special couple please come front and center. Felix Belmont and his lovely wife, Sharon, are going to join me on stage.
Everyone cheered exuberantly in anticipation, especially Claire, who suddenly felt nervous for no apparent reason. The spotlight went to their celebrity faces again, which were now projected on the screens. The dashing publisher with black hair, perfect teeth and mustache stood with his gorgeous wife appearing at least fifteenif not twentyyears younger than him. She had chic, shoulder-length blond hair and a pale blue dress. Mr. Belmont kindly helped pull his wifes chair out and escorted her, walking between tables to the stage.
Once they were on stage, the couple waved to the crowd. Larry interrupted the continuously clapping attendees by saying, I have to my left a six-foot-five-inch tall box. I am going to ask Mrs. Belmont to join me inside the box and Mr. Belmont will lock it shut, so we cant get out. When he hears me say the magnificent magic words, which I told him secretly beforehand, he will open the box again and Mrs. Belmont will have vanished away. Gone! He turned to Mr. Belmont, saying, I hope it wont be forever, and then tugged at his collar nervously.
The box wasnt very wide. First, Mrs. Belmont stepped inside. She pushed her body right up against the side wall of the box and then Larry entered. Now close the door and lock it, he told Mr. Belmont, who quickly obeyed, shutting it and turning the key. Several seconds went by where the audience heard banging and shifting around from inside. 
Mr. Belmont looked at his watch, making fun of how much time it was taking.
Okay, everyone heard from Larry inside on his microphone. Shlama-lama-bing-bong!
Mr. Belmont put the key back into the lock and opened the door. To the audiences surprise, Mrs. Belmont had indeed disappeared, and for added entertainment, the cameras zoomed in on Larry, whose hair was now mussed up, his glasses crooked on his nose, and his white collar unbuttoned. Lipstick was also smeared across his mouth, neck and shirt.
Seeing the upset look on Mr. Belmonts face, Larry quickly said, Nothing happened. Its not how it looks!
Mr. Belmont punched a fist against a hand in warning and Larry took off running behind the curtains. Soon, Larry came back through the curtain pulling Mrs. Belmont by the hand. His hair was fixed and he now had a clean, buttoned shirt on, everything back to normal. She, of course, was perfect as before.
The crowd cheered. Zo whistled and Claire sat back clapping in approval.
That was the end of the show. Larry thanked everyone for coming and the lights went dim on the stage while the lights in the room brightened. 
Fifteen minutes later, music kicked up. A blonde bombshell danced her alluring way onto the stage in a glittering, slinky dress. Hello! she breathed.
Well, if that isnt Marilyn, I dont know who is, exclaimed Zo.
Mother, what do you say we get some dessert to relax over and get ready to retire? We have a big day at the island tomorrow.
Sounds like a plan.
*
They managed to walk through the crowd and get on an elevator up to their suite.
Once inside their room, the two kicked off their heels and sat on a luxurious black leather couch. Zo grabbed for the TV remote while Claire grabbed for the phone.
Yes, room service? Claire said. We would like a slice of tiramisu cake and a slice of key lime pie. Yes, and put a cherry on both, she added, smiling. Ten minutes? Thank you
Zo switched the channels until it came to one dedicated to The Sunbursts daily and nightly activities. This is the life, huh, daughter.
Oh yeah Claire couldnt agree more.
-3-
Claire couldnt wait to fall asleep so she could experience another fun day. She fluffed pillows all around her and hugged her down comforter, feeling blissful. But her thoughts were distracted when she suddenly heard the Belmonts enter their suite. There was some loud bumping and thumping around. She shifted in bed, sitting up and placing an ear against the wall beside her to try to hear better. Voices came across as muffles through the wall; not one word was discernible. She could only make out the tone of the conversation. There were sharp, short sentencesquick and angry. Claire picked up her cell phone and read the time1:17 a.m. Pretty soon it was quiet and Claire started drifting
In her dreams she was aware of something on her foot. It was a white dove, trying to hide its head under her big toe nail. It seemed perfectly reasonable. Then a loud pounding of drums started, disturbing the dove, and it flew away, disappointing Claire.
Claire  Claire. Her mom entered her dream, wearing a gold Cleopatra costume with the neckline dropping immodestly.
No you dont! You are not wearing that dress.
What? Claire, wake up! Lets get going. Weve got fun and food ahead of us today, and I want breakfast!
Reality came zooming in as her eyelids fluttered open. She stretched and said, Hurray! Morning is here. Mom, you arent planning on any Cleopatra costume for Halloween or New Years, are you?
Heavens, no! I would want to go in the knickers and long coat of a colonial patriot. I rather fancy that tricorn hat. If I pull my hair back and band it so it hangs down my back, I think that would be a very attractive look.
Thaaats good. Claire was off to shower and get ready for the day.
Zo called after her, And your mother doesnt look good in a black wig!
I know. Claire giggled.
The captain came back on the intercom. Good morning, guests. This is your captain, Vladimir, again. We made it to Kinikiwiki Island at approximately 6:30. The weather outside is a perfect seventy-two degrees with a light breeze. Have a lovely day of play on the island. We are staying the night tonight, so stay on the island as late this evening as you wish. Please enjoy your day. And thank you again for choosing The Sunburst for your cruise getaway.
Although the captain was speaking happy words, his voice came across as dull and uninterested. 
Its probably his bedtime now, Zo commented.
Finally, they were ready, and were exiting their suite when from the suite to their left came Kathryn again.
Hey, Kathryn! We saw you having fun last night. Zo smiled.
You bet. Did you get to talk to the Belmonts?
No, not yet, said Claire.
Well, I dont think you could have had much of a conversation with them last night anyway. They were pretty well sloshed up in drinks, when I last saw them. I left the lounge before them, ya know. I know my limit.
Zo and Claire leaned forward, ready to hear more details.
Glad to see you girls again, but Ive got to run. Im late. See you around. She hurried down the hallway.
Well, I thought I heard them clankin around last night, Claire remembered. They must have been really, really drunk, like Kathryn said.
Well, on the ship is the best time for partying I guess. No drinking and driving.
Hm Claire nodded in agreement.
But the Belmonts seem like such a perfect couple. I cant see them getting slap-silly drunk, unless they were alone I suppose.
Thats what I was thinking. Anyway, Mother, do you think I will be able to see Mr. Belmont today? I would really like to talk to him about my experience in journalism, if not just to meet the man face-to-face and get a handshake.
I think you will at least get a handshake out of him during the trip.
The odds are good. But maybe I should just wait outside his door until he gets out.
Yeah, right, Zo said, then her eyes brightened. But I have an idea!
What?!
Zo opened her purse and fumbled through the mess inside until she came upon a piece of paper and a pen.
What are you thinking , Mother? Write him a note?
Precisely!
No, Mom! she whispered loudly with embarrassment. We arent going to write him a letter. Ill just run into him by accident like you said.
Zo put the paper on the wall between the two doors and began to write.
Please, Mom. I was kidding about waiting outside of his room. She tried to grab the pen, but Zo moved and quickly finished.
Im writing him a letter, not you, Claire.
But you are my mother and that will look ridiculous and desperate. Im begging you. Claire clenched her fists, pleading.
How are you my daughter? You have really got to loosen up, my dear. She folded the note in half.
Claire followed her to where she was about to slide it under Belmonts door. At least tell me what it says. 
It says, Your neighbors, Zoey and Claire Kanein room 202 are inviting you to a small midnight party in their stateroom. Hope to see you there! She quickly pushed it under the door.
How silly, Claire said. Do you think theyll actually come? Her voice became serious with hope.
You never know unless you ask.
You said party. Who else will be our guests?
Just then a group of ladies in red hats came out of two other suites across from them, promptly followed by a group of young ladies wearing pink hats.
Zos golden brown eyes looked keenly at them. Oh, ladies! They turned to see her. Theres going to be a midnight party in our stateroom. Youre all invited.
Really? They chirped and commented amongst themselves cheerfully.
Are there going to be games? one, most elderly, woman asked.
Absolutely, Zo said.
Claires face became hot. She could barely look the women in their faces.
I hope to see you all tonight. Mr. Belmont and his wife are invited also, so they may show.
Their expressions deepened with interest. Oooh
Then we will definitely try to make it, one young woman said.
Claire buried her head in her hands and stood behind her mother, her sleek brown hair covering her face completely.
Oh, and if any of you see Kathryn from room 200, let her know she is invited, too! Zo added.
They thanked her and then quickly scurried off to go play shuffleboard on the deck.
Oh my goodness, Claire exclaimed. This has just become even more complicated.
No, it hasnt. Zo grabbed her hand to lead her along down the hall toward the elevators. We will just order room service. Why have money if we dont use it?! All we have to do is figure out some games  and Im sure theyve got some great shops on the ship and Kinikiwiki Island. Maybe well find something while were shopping.
The two went down to the elevator to get a breakfast buffet to start their day on the island with lots of energy. Then they would go back to their stateroom, get their giant beach bags, bathing suits and matching straw-yellow sun hats for the island.
The two rented a golf cart, which was customary transportation on the island. It was nothing like either of them had imagined, even though there were pictures at the customer service desk aboard the ship. It was very lush with greenery, accented by the white sand of the beach. They zipped around the curves of the narrow roads, feeling the wind in their loose hair. The volcanic mountain had the appearance of having aged into a tropical temple.
They soon spotted two waterfalls. One that was very tall looked like it was coming out of the mountain where they would have rather expected to see lava bubbling from, near the top. The two took in as much of the breathtaking scenery as they could, switching places as driver along the way, giving the other moments for drinking iced mango drinks. 
Mother, what do you say we take a dip in the bottom of the little waterfall?
Sure. And I can hardly wait for our snorkeling appointment tomorrow at three oclock.
How could we forget? Claire said. I am so excited to do that!
So am I!
Zo was driving this time and quickly took a turn around toward the small waterfall. She stopped their cart and they removed their wrap-arounds, revealing their swimming suits. Zo was wearing a black, draped-bosom, one-piece suit, sprinkled with a cherry pattern. Claire had on a velvety mauve two piece.
The two both carefully pointed a toe into the water.
Oh! I thought it would be cold water. This is actually warm, said Claire. 
Zo smirked. Probably warmed someway by that dormant volcano there. 
It was nice and warm, perfect on the skin. Claire went down to submerge herself completely, feeling the water wrap around her hair and against her scalp. She opened her eyes for a moment, seeing her moms legs extend down to the bottom where there were many pebbles among large stone-like rocks. She came back up, taking in a deep refreshing breath and slicking her straight wet hair off her face. Its perfect. Lets swim a little.
Oh, thats okay, dear. I dont want to get my hair wet. Zos hair was wrapped up into a high thick bun. I want it to look nice for tonights party. You know how difficult long hair can be. Yours was once long.
Yeah, when I was in the sixth grade, Claire said. What about snorkeling?
I have a special swim cap saved for that.
Okay, and it cant be used now?
No, she said, with a smile.
Claire continued swimming in the rocky pool, and even went right under the water that was falling like a ribbon into it. Zo piddled around, walking around up to her chest in the water, having simple fun.
It wasnt long before a couple with two children, about eight and ten, came into the pool, taking away the luxury of having the place to themselves.
Zo looked at Claire. Its more children from the cruise, who should be at home playing on their tricycles, she commented quietly.
Mom, what has gotten into you? I was a child once.
But I took you out to Chuck-E-Cheeses for fun, not an island resort.
Mom She eyed her with that look that meant Dont be ridiculous.
The kids brought with them a football that they could soak in the water to make it heavy and wet for some fun throwing. Zo and Claire watched as the youngsters walked further and further apart from each other to catch the ball from more exciting distances. The parents sat on the rocks watching them play with smiles on their faces and a basket of goodies.
Hi The parents waved to Zo and Claire to acknowledge their presence.
Hello, Claire said and Zo added, Hi.
Go long! the older boy called out.
The younger one went right up next to the other side of the rocks, as far as he could go.
Im ready, the little one called.
His brother threw the ball with full force. It spun in the air. The little one jumped and missed as the ball was too high over his head.
Oh no! the mom called out as they all saw the ball go up and above some rocks and out of sight.
Claire looked at the boys fallen faces. Its okay. Ill get it, she said.
Zo just stood there in the water, watching every moment of her daughter exiting the pool and climbing up some rocks.
Claire reached a plateau of dirt at the top. She was sure the football had flown up there in that direction, but could not see it on the very flat and exposed ground. She saw a rocky wall to the right, and shrugging her shoulders, she thought, Maybe it could have gone behind there.
She walked toward the wall. Hearing some flirtatious laughter between a man and woman, she froze in her steps. Taking a moment to think, she decided to slowly take a peek, just in case she could spot the football at all.
Claire saw the back of a woman with blond hair, wearing a white bikini and floral wrap-around. No, youre so smart, she said in a syrupy voice.
They were holding each other and they suddenly started to kiss. Oh dear, Claire thought. Should I be watching this?No. I just need to look on the ground for the ball.
Youre just so perfect, darling. Who could resist? the man said.
Claire listened in, her ears like radar dishes after that comment. She tried to see what the man looked like, but a large-leafed bush spread itself beside his face. She waited a moment, and to her great surprise he stepped aside and she could see who he was. Her jaw dropped. Quietly, she walked back over to the edge of the rocks to wave her mother to come up and see.
Did you find the football? the father called out to Claire.
No, she whispered, shaking her head and moving her arms. Honestly, the football could have been a cow patty at that moment, for all she cared.
Wheres our ball? the boys called.
Shhh! Claire put a finger up to her mouth.
Where is it?! they called again.
Zo quickly got out of the water, seeing the urgency in Claires movements and eyes.
Wheres our ball? the older one asked again.
Its gone forever, Zo blurted out, upset at their obliviousness to her daughters request to stay quiet. She then trotted toward the rocks to climb up.
Hey, the little one said and started to cry.
Oh, they were just asking, the father said.
Oh, now Juniors crying, the mother added. Come here, baby. She called him over.
Zo huffed, speechless, then continued until she reached the top, where it leveled out.
Come on, kids, lets go to the big waterfall, they heard the father add, loud enough for Claire and Zo to hear.
Claire shook her head and Zo rolled her eyes and whispered, What?
She motioned quickly. Just come here. 
The two went to the rock wall and slowly peeked around it.
What? Zo asked.
Its Mr. Belmont. She pointed to some figures in the distance walking by what appeared to be a path. They must have heard all of us and took off for privacy. He was with someone other than his wife.
And you were being a Peeping Tim?
Peeping Tom?
Are you sure it wasnt his wife? Isnt that her same cut and color hair?
Im sure. This woman was well-endowed.
Dear, you saw Mrs. Belmont briefly on stage last night, and you think you are an expert on her cup size?
Claire sighed. Okay, maybe it could have been his wife, I dont know. If we see her tonight, then I will know for sure.
Give it no thought, dear. Im sure it was his wife. Come on, lets go find something good to eat and buy some games. We can just wear our beach shirts and dry as we go.
Okay, Claire exhaled.
From the snorkel and swim excursion, Zo and Claire went shopping in the tourist trap of the island. But they both agreed they loved tourist traps! The shops were filled with so many colorful crafts, clothes and jewelry that they could never get back home in Riverside. After that, they decided to attend a feast that included pit-barbecued ham with a sweet fruity glaze that fell apart in tender bits on their forks.
Claire got only mildly sunburned from their day of fun. Zo was slathered up with SPF 100 sunblock to protect against damaging, wrinkle-promoting rays. The evening was comfortable outside in the soft, warm breath of the ever-so-slight breeze.
Claire was sipping the last of a coconut drink when big drums intruded on her thoughts with a rhythm that promised exotic excitement.
Sure enough, out leaped six lean menlean except for one, who was broad-shouldered with a bit of a paunch. They were all tan and wearing loincloths. Arms swung aggressively from sturdy stances, and thighs and calvesthat Zo imagined bulged in strength from running up palm treeskicked in warrior moves.
Heeegh Huuu-ho! they chanted.
 Fiery spears, twirling like batons, were tossed to the contenders. Thwang! One of the warriors had thrown his flaming spear into the sand next to Zo and Claires table. The pole vibrated back and forth.
The bigger man strode, beating his chest with each stepkick-stamp, kick-stamp, kick-stamp. He then stopped in a straddle-squat in front of Zo and Claire. Hah! His black striped face broadened with a wide smile of pearls for teeth. Hello, ladies.
 He looked at Zo with eyes that looked like shiny black marbles and said, Especially you, with hair like soft fire. He backed up, raising his fists above his head, accentuating a large ribcage while minimizing the paunch.
Younger native men ran from either side of the show with fire extinguishers. They smiled at the audience and doused the spears flames. It got a chuckle.
Good heavens! Zo exclaimed, having an amazed look to her eyes.
Oh, you loved it and you know it, Mom. Claire chewed on a bit of sweet pineapple. I think we ought to go down to the water, take a little walk and look around.
Okay, Ill leave the tip.

As they enjoyed the wet sand between their toes, having left their sandals safe from murmuring waves, they enjoyed the huge expanse of ocean and sky. That moon is almost scary it is so large. It almost looks like it is in a collision course with the earth.
I know, said Claire. No need for a flashlight. Its plenty bright.
Id love to find shells. Do you see any, sweetie?
I think, Mom, that these beaches are pretty well picked over. Consider all the thousands of tourists from everywhere.
Well, I think I will wade out a little then.
Okay. Claire joined in the salty water. Everything is so clean-looking. You can see down the beach for miles.
Zo continued in a little deeper. Yeah, but there is always going to be kelp or seaweed of some kind.
Why is it called sea weed? How does anyone know what are weeds or what are sea flowers?
I dont know, but I do have some seaweedor sea flowerswrapping around my ankles, Zo said, walking back toward shore, to more shallow water, to get it off.
Claire was shocked to see a bloated hand emerge out from the water behind her mother, like a ridged shark fin following after her.
*

END OF SAMPLE

