Prologue

The brisk wind ruffled his hair as he pointed his boat down the coast. Marion sat at the front, large sunglasses concealing most of her face. Even from where he was, he could see the tiny lines along her mouth. They were the only indication of her grief. His heart clenched, and he had to swallow around the lump in his throat. Nothing seemed to help her with the emotional pain, and she had been drifting further and further away. Between the miscarriage and the destruction from the hurricane, things looked really bleak for their small family.

The refuge center they had taken over last year was in terrible debt and, after this storm, there might not be enough left to bother saving. They would be lucky if they were able to pull together enough money to even move out of the center. Shaking his head, he let his eyes travel along the shoreline, noting the debris washed ashore. His keen gaze looked for beached animals and grounded birds. He couldn't afford to take in any more animals, but there was no way he could let them suffer.

"Ben!" Marion had a hand over her eyes to shade them from the light peeking through the clouds. "Look over there."

Turning his head in the direction she was pointing, he grimaced. There were several deep-water buoys tangled together in what looked like a fishing net. Something was thrashing about and a pitiful keening noise reached his ears. Without thought he turned the Whaler in the direction of the trouble and sped toward the struggling animal. As they drew near, he cut the throttle and coasted next to the mess.

The loud squeal of a dolphin caught his attention, and he leaned over the edge of the boat to see how badly the animal was hurt. A large, old-style fishing net was wrapped around the buoys and the dolphin stuck inside thrashed when he tried to pull on the line wrapped around its tail. Reaching into his pocket, he pulled out his multi-tool and flicked out the knife. Slowly and carefully, he began to cut the net away from the dolphin's tail and dorsal fin.

"Marion, come over here and pull the net closer. We're drifting." Something shiny flashed next to the dolphin and he paused to examine it a little closer, worried that there might be something in the net that could hurt the animal even more. Tilting his head, he moved a little closer to try and get a better look. Reaching his fingers into the net, he prodded the shiny material and was shocked when it felt soft under his fingers. "Marion, where are you? There's something stuck in this net with the dolphin." She didn't respond and he tore his gaze away from the net to look over his shoulder. "Marion?"

"Do you hear that, Ben?" She was looking over the opposite side of the boat in confusion.

"Hear what?" Keeping his hand on the net so that the dolphin's blowhole didn't dip under the water, he kept his eyes locked on his wife. Something in her expression made his heart skip a beat. It was fear and determination.

"It sounds like a baby." Her voice was so quiet he almost didn't hear her over the water splashing against the boat. Shaking her head, she turned around to him and bit her lip for a minute. Taking a deep breath, she moved over next to him and grabbed firmly onto the net.

Not sure what to say, he looked back at the dolphin and pointed to the shiny area underneath. "See that? I've never see anything like it before. It almost looks like a scale, but it's soft."

Marion leaned over, and he could see the scientific part of her mind take over. "Maybe it's not an animal. It could be some type of trash that was swept away in the storm. Finish cutting the dolphin free and then we'll find out."

He slid the knife back to the net that was wrapped around the animal and carefully began to remove the old ropes. He made soothing sounds as he worked, and was careful to not knick the dolphin, which was hard with the waves rocking the boat. The sound of another dolphin surfacing surprised him and he stabbed his knuckle. Muttering a curse, he looked to his right and smiled. There, floating next to the boat was a small dolphin. If he were to guess, he would say it was only a couple of months old.

"Look, Marion."

"Oh, we've got to get the mother loose." Moving her hands so that she had a better grip on the ropes, Marion smiled softly at the young dolphin. "Hurry, Ben."

Renewing his efforts, he was able to get the dolphins tail free, but was rewarded with a mighty flick toward his face. Leaning back, he made shushing noises and looked over at his wife. She leaned closer to the dolphin and was whispering words of encouragement. Carefully, she moved her hand so that it could unloop the net wrapped around the dorsal fin before slowly working it over the dolphin's head. Together they helped free the mother and watched as she turned to nose her baby.

Marion's eyes stayed on the pair, tears dripping down her face to run along her soft smile. Reaching over to grab her hand, he laced his fingers with hers and pulled her toward him. She leaned into him for a moment and then pulled away gently. A soft mewling sound drifted over the water to his ears, and his wife tensed.

"I'm okay. I'm going to get the first aid kit and see if she will let me look at her back. She had some lacerations that didn't look so good." Marion patted his hand before moving toward the back of the boat. He watched her for a moment to make sure that she really was okay and then turned back to the mess next to his boat. He would have to call the Coast Guard to let them know about the buoys, but he might be able to get the net out of the water before anything else was caught. There was also the question of what had been under the dolphin.

Grabbing the net, he hauled it toward him with a grunt. Something in the net shifted and he jumped back in shock. His heartbeat sped up and he looked quickly over his shoulder toward his wife. She was kneeling and speaking softly to the dolphin. Swallowing convulsively, he moved back to the net and peered down at the sad face looking up at him with sightless eyes. Red hair lapped around her face and his eyes drifted down to where her body seemed to taper off. At first his mind wouldn't grasp what his eyes were seeing. He stared and stared, but it just didn't make sense. It was as if his brain refused to process what he was seeing. It shouldn't be possible; it wasn't possible and yet there was all the proof that his scientific brain could ever want.

"Ben?" Marion moved next to him and gasped. She leaned over the edge of the boat and pulled at the net. "What are you doing? Help her!"

Grabbing her shoulders, he pulled her away from the woman in the water. "Stop, Marion. She's already dead."

She covered her mouth and looked away. That strange mewling sound floated over the water again, making his shoulders tense while he held his wife closely. After a moment, Marion looked back at the woman tangled in the net and frowned. Getting back on her knees she reached for the net. He started to stop her but understood what she was being drawn to.

"Careful." Leaning down next to her, he cut the ropes away from the woman's face and watched as his wife gently unwrapped some seaweed from the net so that they could see better.

"Is this real? Can this be real?" Marion gently touched the soft, supple scales. Her face was pinched in astonishment and sadness. "A mermaid?"

Not sure how to answer that question, Ben shook his head. He didn't tear his eyes from the mythical creature in front of him until the injured dolphin swam next to the boat and made a mournful sound. Looking into the sad eye of a generally upbeat animal made his heart clench.

"Marion?" He nodded his head toward the dolphin.

"Oh. I can almost feel how sad she is." Marion ran a hand over the dolphin's back. "What do we do? Should we take the... body... back with us?"

Under her words, Ben could hear Marion's disgust and confusion over what would happen to the poor mermaid they found. Looking from the dead eyes of the woman floating in the water to the soulful eyes of the dolphin helped him make up his mind.

"We cut her adrift. I can only imagine that she would normally be at rest in the sea." As if there was no other option, he began hacking at the rest of the ropes around the woman's tail.

"You're right." Carefully, Marion moved some of the hair back from the mermaid's face and closed her eyes.

After what seemed like hours of carefully cutting the netting away, they were able to see what caused the death of the beautiful creature. Tangled in the ropes and pinned between the buoys, a large piece of wood punctured her side. Carefully, he pulled the offending chunk out of her side and tossed it into the boat. As they pulled her body out next to the boat, the injured dolphin swam near enough to gently touch the mermaid's arm with her snout. Marion washed some of the blood from her hands in the sea and watched sadly as the dolphin made another mournful sound.

After a moment, the mermaid's body started to drift away from the boat and the dolphin kept pace. When he could no longer see them, Ben turned back to his wife and shook his head. He wondered if they would question this time years down the road. It was insane, impossible, and yet they had touched a mermaid and let her body float out to sea. If they brought the body back to shore, the discovery would have saved their refuge. It would have brought in hundreds of thousands of dollars in much-needed money.

"We did the right thing." With a relaxed grin, Marion turned to pick up the mess from the first-aid kit. His heart felt lighter, as if her small smile undid clamps that had been wrapped around him. Deciding that it was time to alert the Coast Guard about the buoys, he moved toward the radio on the large center console. As he picked up the handheld receiver, the mewling sounded again over the wind. It was louder this time and sounded as if it was coming from nearby. Turning to see if his wife heard it, he saw the dolphin and her baby coming along the side of the boat. Marion leaned over the edge and gasped. She dropped to her knees and reached over the side.

"Marion!" Sliding along the wet deck, he reached out and grabbed her shoulder.

"Ben, it's a baby." Looking up at him, Marion gave a mighty sniff and looked back at the water with large eyes. "They brought her to us."

Looking down into the water, he clutched the edge of the boat until his knuckles turned white. There in the water with the two gentle dolphins was a tiny mermaid. No, that wasn't right. It was a young mermaid. If he had to compare it to a human child he would say it was roughly the age of a toddler. Perhaps a year old, but not much more. Her dark hair drifted around her head and shoulders as she shifted to float on her back. He couldn't help but stare at the gorgeous teal tail that matched her tear-filled eyes.

Marion made a soft cooing sound and the small mermaid shifted her gaze to Marion's. Ben watched as the child's face seemed to brighten, a smile pushing at her plump cheeks. With a tiny hand, she reached out toward Marion and made an impatient sound. When Marion responded in kind, the mother dolphin swam forward and made a threatening sound.

"Marion." He said her name in warning, scared that perhaps the dolphin hadn't intended to bring the child to their boat after all.

"Shh. She brought her to us for a reason. She just wants us to understand how important this is." Slowly she lowered her hand to the dolphin and looked the animal in the eye. "We understand. We will take care of her. I promise that I will do everything in my power to make sure that she is never hurt."

Holding his breath, he waited while the dolphin seemed to ponder his wife's words. After a moment, she moved closer to Marion and used her snout to push at her hand.

"I promise." His wife said the words quietly before reaching for the tiny tyke with a tail. Pulling her out of the water, she cuddled the small mermaid to her chest and made soothing noises. The mermaid's pudgy hand reached up to touch Marion's cheek. Moving closer, he leaned over his wife's shoulder and looked into the bright blue eyes of the little mermaid. When she turned her shy smile in his direction and waved her pudgy fingers, he was lost. In one short afternoon his entire life was turned upside down. His home had been destroyed. He saw a mermaid. And now he was a father.

Chapter One

"There goes the neighborhood." Violet stood on her tiptoes so that she could peek out of the empty tank. Her feet slipped in the soap on the wall and she scrambled to keep from falling.

"You say that every year." I couldn't help but snort as my friend looked up sheepishly. Leaning down, I picked up Vi's push broom and handed it back to her. I tried to not think about the fact this would be the last year she would be working the summer at Flukes. From now on she'd have internships for college every summer. And I'd still be here. Doing the same thing. I couldn't help the sigh that escaped my mouth. Part of me really wished that I was going to college too, not the one being left behind.

"Well, it's true every year. They stomp around and glare at everything. None of them do a good job, and we end up having to pick up their slack." Violet scrubbed at the tank wall with a vengeance, the lather from the soap spraying angrily into the air.

"It's better than having to do it all ourselves. Mom and Dad really need the help this time of year, and those kids have to work off community-service hours. It's a win-win situation." Stopping for a minute, I brushed the loose hair out of my eyes. "Besides, it's only for a couple of months."

"Meena. I don't want to spend my summer vacation with those flukes." Violet looked at me as if I was crazy. "And this year we don't even have customers to distract us for the first couple of weeks." Dad decided to close the sanctuary to tourists so that we could try to get everything back into shape.

"Flukes?" I frowned. When I heard my father's voice addressing the arrivals, I looked up.

"The outcasts, miscreants, freaks, flukes of society. Their whole lives are flukes. Kind of appropriate that they come here. Flukes." Violet huffed. I didn't say anything and she stopped, her eyes widening with apprehension. "I mean..."

I looked away from Violet and bit my lip to keep from laughing. Let Vi sweat it out for a minute. Served her right for picking on the outcasts.

"Meena, I didn't mean... You know I don't think..." Dropping her broom, Violet threw herself at my back and wrapped her arms around me. "I love you, Meen!"

Pretending to ignore Violet, I bent over awkwardly and grabbed a handful of suds. Turning quickly, I worked the soap into Violet's hair and laughed. Squealing, she tried to shove me away from her but only succeeded in sending us both to the ground.

"You stupid fish!" Violet lobbed a handful of bubbles. Puckering my lips, I made a fish-face. Violet laughed and threw more bubbles in my direction. Grabbing the nearby hose, I pointed at Violet. She slid backward on her butt and made sputtering noises.

"Meena! Don't you dare!" Violet tried to scramble to her feet, but I twisted the dial and water sprayed out in a steady stream. Violet cussed loudly and ran for me with her arms outstretched. Yelping, I tried to back away but slid in the soap. Violet caught me in a giant hug, laughing hysterically as she wrestled for the hose. Once we were both drenched and soapy, we sat on the floor of the tank giggling.

The loud roar of a motorcycle reverberated through the concrete walls, making us look at each other in interest.

"No way." Violet scrambled to her feet and peeked out of the tank.

"What? Who is it?" Standing on the tips of my toes, I tried to see what Violet was looking at.

"I can't believe it. Blake Weathering is one of the flukes?" Violet's eyebrows scrunched together in consideration. "I guess it was that fight in gym class last month."

"Blake who? What fight?" I watched the motorcycle rider swing his leg over the bike and pull at the clasp of his helmet. He was tall and tan, but it wasn't until he pulled his helmet off that I understood why my friend was so interested. His dark, unruly hair curled around his ears and even from yards away, I could make out the stubble on his chin and jaw. His mouth was turned down in a disgusted frown as his dark eyes traveled over the worn sign for the sanctuary and took in the rusted gates. Immediately, my hackles went up, angry to see someone openly judge the sanctuary. It didn't matter how hot he was; judging my family's hard work pissed me off. When his eyes swung in our direction, Violet grabbed my arm and ducked back down into the tank.

She pursed her lips. "How the mighty have fallen. Blake Weathering sent to do community service. I bet his dad flipped his lid."

"Why do you keep acting like he's something special?" I fought the urge to look back over the wall again. There was something about him that caught my attention. Maybe it was the obvious disdain he seemed to have for life. I really hoped it wasn't just because of his sexy eyes. "Besides, he's late if he's supposed to be with the other losers, I mean workers."

"Oh, come on. That boy is sex on a stick, but that's not what I'm referring to. His family owns half of the major hotels in the area. His dad is a seriously scary dude, too. He came with Blake to my mom's clinic when we were in grade school. Blake had broken his arm, but his dad acted like he deserved it." Violet chewed on her thumbnail for a minute. "Blake is the proverbial badass at school. He's always in trouble. Then there was that fight at the end of school. He beat the crap out of some dude in the locker room, but no one knows why. Probably just looked at him wrong or something."

The sound of flip-flops scuffing along the pavement had us both looking up with wide eyes. Blake's stared down at us, his mouth quirked into a smirk. The pull of his mouth and dark brown eyes seemed to grab my attention and hold it.

"Violet, what did you do to end up here?" His voice rumbled out of his chest in a pleasant way, but his tone set my teeth on edge, immediately breaking the spell I was under. Who did he think he was?

"I didn't do anything. I help out every summer." Violet stuck her nose in the air and glared at Blake.

"You actually want to spend your summers here?" Blake's eyes left Violet's and turned toward me. His gaze was long and thoughtful, making my skin erupt with goose bumps, desire warring with the anger that seethed just underneath. Violet ground her teeth at his words. "Who's your friend, Vi?"

"Blake, meet Meena. Meena, meet his royal assness, Blake." Violet rolled her eyes at him before turning around to grab her push broom from the ground.

Blake groaned good-naturedly and ran a hand through his hair. Something in my gut pulled when he smiled. I liked the look in his eyes, a little more relaxed and amiable, but I stamped out that response. I didn't like the way he talked about the sanctuary. "C'mon, Vi. I haven't stolen your dessert in years. You can't still hold that against me."

Violet rolled her eyes, but I saw her lips twitch a little. I could understand how that peek of boyishness would make her want to smile. "My mom made that cupcake just for me! It was my birthday."

"Geez, we were eight." Blake shook his head and looked back at me. It was almost as if he was memorizing my face. "So what school sent you to this hellhole?"

"My family owns this hellhole." And with that stupid sentence, I was back to feeling pissed. It was like he slapped me. My cheeks darkened in anger and my back stiffened. "And you're late."

I didn't get the chance to interact with a lot of the other kids my age on the island. I had been homeschooled and at this moment, I was actually glad. What would I have done if I had to spend time with jerks like this? I'd probably be one of the weirdos trying to work off community service. The desire to punch Mr. High-and-Mighty in the jaw was so intense I actually considered it for a split second.

He blinked slowly and frowned. "Talk about putting my foot in my mouth."

"Take the path down toward the big building. The rest of the miscreants are in there with my dad." I glared at him, my skin itching with anger. He hadn't even apologized! My family worked really hard to take care of the animals at Flukes. Sometimes that meant they neglected things like paint and landscaping. Which is probably why his words struck such a wrong chord. But all the animals were well-tended and happy. The cosmetic stuff was what the screwups were here to fix anyway. If they could get the place looking better before the cruise-line people came to inspect them, they had a real shot at scoring a contract.

"Right." Blake stood up and looked down the path toward the main building. "With the other miscreants. Got it." His eyes swung back to me and I wondered what he was thinking. There was something thoughtful in his gaze. Not wanting to look like his smile had made things better, I continued to stare at him angrily, not caring if my face was red.

He turned away and headed down the path with a nod of his head. "See you later, Vi. Meena."

Picking up my broom, I gave it a push against the tank floor before looking after him. I jerked when I realized that he was looking over his shoulder in our direction. Looking back down at the soapy floor, I scrubbed harder. Great. Not only was he a jerk, but he caught me watching him.

"And that was his royal assness." Violet shook her head and grinned almost apologetically. "He's hot as hell and just as rude. I guess this summer is going to be a little more interesting than usual."

I couldn't help it and looked back toward the main building where they housed the learning tanks and special displays. Interesting was probably an understatement.

Chapter Two

I twisted from side to side in an effort to work the kink out of my back. A loud yawn worked its way out of my chest as I stretched while walking slowly toward the toolshed to put up my shovel and gloves. I'd just spent the last three hours hunched over while cleaning out the bird cages and I wanted nothing more than a long swim at the beach to wash the stink off. It wasn't that I didn't love the birds, and I didn't begrudge them the time it took to clean the cages, but the chemicals irritated my eyes and would cause blisters wherever they touched my skin.

Becca, the bird trainer, waved her thanks before heading for her old pickup truck. I replaced the lock on the shed and eagerly headed toward the quiet little stretch of beach that the tourists weren't allowed to visit. It was my family's sanctuary. The one place I could go to be myself. I rubbed the palms of my hands against my eyes as I rounded a corner on the tiny path and ran smack into someone. A large, strong hand grabbed my shoulder to steady me on my feet.

"Oh, sorry. I didn't realize anyone else..." I frowned up at Blake. "Never mind. It's you." I moved to walk around him but he blocked my path.

"I just finished cleaning the sea lion pen. Is the toolshed still open?" Blake held up his push broom and shovel and gave me a bright smile. His teeth gleamed whitely in the darkness and for some reason it annoyed me even more. I guess he stayed late to try and get on my dad's good side. Great. Not only was he rude, he was a butt-kisser as well. Somewhere in the back of my head, an annoying little voice told me to not forget that he was hot, too.

"No." I turned on my heel and headed back toward the shed. The sound of the waves in the distance called to me and I sighed. I'd get there eventually, but for now I was too tired to even really put much effort into being pissed. I dug the key out of my pocket as we walked and tried to ignore how close he was to me. "Why are you still here? All the others left hours ago."

"I was late. I figured I'd make it up to your dad and make sure the pens were good before I left." Blake shrugged.

"Why were you late? Too good to ride the bus?" I didn't want to forgive him for being a jerk earlier in the day, even if he was trying to make up for it.

"I had a meeting with my father and it ran late." Blake's voice changed and my eyes darted up to his face. The bright moon threw heavy shadows over his features, but I could still make out his expression. His relaxed stance had changed and tension seemed to roll off him.

"A meeting with your father? What, you have to schedule appointments?" I wrinkled my nose at the thought. My mom and dad were always open to talk to, no matter how busy they were at the time. They were some of the most important pillars in my life.

"My father's a really busy guy." Blake shrugged, again, and I knew this was a sore spot.

"I see." Thankfully, we had reached the shed and I was spared from having to say anything else. Talking to Blake made me feel itchy. I unlocked the door and moved so that he could put his tools up. When he was done, I closed the door and put the key in my pocket. Blake stood with his hands in his pockets, looking at me expectantly. Did he expect more work?

"Okay. Well, have a good night." Not wanting to wait for the water any longer, I started to walk around him, but he turned to follow me.

"Where you headed?" He bent over as we walked and grabbed a large rock in the path. He chucked it out of the way, his eyes following the arc.

"I need to check on something at the beach. See you tomorrow." I tried to hint again, but he didn't seem to catch on.

"Want some help? I don't have anywhere to be." He cocked his head to the side as if amused by my attempts to get rid of him. He was one of the strangest people I'd ever had the misfortune of dealing with.

"No. I'm good. I won't be out there long."

"Is that safe? It's dark and you'd be alone." Blake moved to block my path again and I made an exasperated sound. My skin felt so tight, it was hard to take a full breath.

"It's private property. I'll be fine." I shook my head in frustration. I'd come into contact with too many chemicals today and it was making me hurt, which was making me pissy. "But thanks for making sure the enclosures were clean before you left."

"No problem, boss. I guess I'll leave you to it." Blake saluted me and I rolled my eyes.

"Try to be on time tomorrow," I said over my shoulder. "And I'm not your boss."

"Aye, aye, captain." Blake stood there as I walked away, and it took all my willpower to keep from jogging down the path to the water.

When I was sure he was out of eyesight, my pace picked up and I pulled my shirt off, exposing my bikini top. Once my feet hit the sand, I threw the top to the side and my shorts and bathing suit bottom quickly joined it. I wasn't in the mood to worry about bringing my bottoms with me. As soon as my toes touched the water, I sighed in relief.

Wading out until the water hit me mid-thigh, I sank gratefully to my knees as the change started. For most humans it would be uncomfortable to have your legs turn into one appendage, but I welcomed it. When my scales slid out to cover my skin, I closed my eyes and smiled happily. My tail was so much stronger than the human legs I wore most of the day. With a quick look over my shoulder first, I dipped my head under the water and swam away from the island. My tail made strong, quick strokes that sent me flying through the ocean.

It was quiet under the water, the creatures around came to say hello or avoided me in general. I coasted along on the current for a little while, letting the seawater heal my stinging skin and aching body. Once I felt better I headed for the cove to find Mitch. I knew she would want to go for a swim too.

The outer wall of the enclosure was made of netting, sturdy poles, and a walkway that followed the top of the net. There were no lights along the outside so that no one would be able to accidently see me surfacing at night. I called for Mitch as I surveyed the net, checking for holes, and smiled when I heard her jubilant whistles in response. I grabbed the hidden latch and swung open the small porthole-shaped exit just before the dolphin barreled through.

I locked the gate and held my hand out for Mitch. She slid next to me, her dorsal fin fitting into my hand perfectly, and off we flew. Mitch's excitement was contagious and I laughed. We soared through the shallows, dodging in and out of the surf until Mitch got distracted by some fish. She went to hunt while I drifted on my back and stared at the stars. I loved my family, my friends, and the sanctuary, but I wished I could spend more time out in the ocean. Or go to college instead of taking online courses. I felt like there was so much more to see than the area on and around our island.

Mom and Dad didn't like for me to go too far from the sanctuary. I guessed that all parents felt that way about their kids, didn't want them to go too far from home or somewhere they couldn't be reached. Of course that was a whole different problem with me. We did do vacations when we could and visited other islands, even the Virgin Islands once. We had talked about going to the States, but we would have to stay near the coast. I couldn't risk being away from the ocean for too long because I started to get sick if I was out of the water for more than a few days at a time. It would start like any cold would; I'd feel icky and might run a fever, then be weak and miserable. Sort of like the flu. It had only happened twice. Once when I was little and staying at Violet's house, I'd had too much fun playing and hadn't bothered to tell my parents that I wasn't feeling well. The last time, we'd had inspectors at the sanctuary to renew our different licenses.

Mitch surfaced next to me and nudged my side. I ran my hand over her back before scratching her chin. I'd known Mitch my whole life. Well, for all that I could remember. Mitch and her mother had been there when my parents found my mother. Jallia was Mitch's mother and often thought she was my mother too. I didn't mind. Jallia and Mitch were my companions in the water, the ones that taught me about animals and how to be a mermaid. They were as much my family as Mom and Dad.

It was getting late, so I motioned for Mitch to follow me back to the lagoon. She wasn't happy about it, but came anyway. Jallia was swimming near the gate, her agitation obvious. She was close to calving again and wouldn't leave the rest of her adopted pod. I kissed Mitch goodbye and unlocked the gate for her to go back into the protected areas. Jallia swam out and nuzzled my side, her mothering instincts in full gear as she checked me over. Patiently, I held out my arms and let her see that I was okay. Once she was satisfied, she nuzzled my face and I ran my hands down her back. My fingers lingered at the fullness of her belly and I smiled. I wasn't really sure how it worked, and neither was Mom or Dad, but I could sense the tiny dolphin growing inside of Jallia. It would be the dolphin's first son and we were all excited.

I whistled reassurances as she twisted to look at me. I hoped she would birth at night so I could be in the water with her and help. Otherwise, it would be too dangerous for me to assist while in my mer-form. Mitch made irritated noises from inside of the pen and Jallia admonished her in turn. I couldn't help the bubble of laughter that came while watching them. Jallia gave me a playful shove before darting back into the pen, arguing with Mitch. I checked the lock and headed back for my quiet beach.

I surfaced slowly, loathe to leave the water but tired enough to want my bed. My eyes closed and I concentrated on the change. It was harder when I was this tired, but the sooner I was finished, the sooner I could hit the hay. My teal scales slowly disappeared as my legs split. My long turquoise flukes shrank and were replaced with feet. I looked down at my human toes and sighed. I'd have to repaint my toenails before work tomorrow. They glimmered in the moonlight, the same color as my scales. My fingernails never lost their paint when I changed, because my hands stayed the same. I only had to repaint those as often as they chipped. I looked at my hands and cussed under my breath. All the cleaning had eaten a lot of that nail polish off too.

I gathered the last of my energy and dragged myself back up to the beach where I had left my clothes. I threw my shirt and shorts back on and slid my feet into the flip-flops. I could see better, smell better, and was stronger than most humans my size, but my feet were incredibly tender. The only time you would catch me without shoes was in the water or in the sand.

When I got back to the small bungalow I shared with my parents, I smiled at the music drifting out the open windows and door. Mom was listening to her favorite eighties hair band again, which must mean she was cleaning. Dad was much more likely to be listening to Jimmy Buffett. I always gave him a hard time for fitting the stereotype of living in the Bahamas and he pretended to be offended. It was our longtime joke. Shaking the sand out of my shoes, I threw them into the box near the door and immediately grabbed my house slippers from just inside. I jumped over the vacuum cord and hugged Mom from behind.

"Hey, sweetheart!" She turned her head and kissed my cheek.

"Hey, Mom. Any food left?" I headed for the kitchen and opened the fridge.

"Some spaghetti and cheese bread. Sorry we didn't wait for you."

"Nah, that's okay. I needed a good swim." Grabbing a plate out of the cabinet, I spooned a heaping amount of food on my plate and sat down at the counter.

"You're not going to heat it up?" Mom shook her head at me and shut the vacuum off.

"Nah. Too hungry, too tired." I slurped a noodle into my mouth and sighed. "Plus, it's good like this."

"Okay. If you're happy, I'm happy." She ruffled my hair before getting us both a bottle of water to drink. "So, how did the new recruits do today?"

"Meh." I shrugged and ripped off a hunk of cheese bread. "Okay, I guess. There are a couple that are really lazy. A couple of smart-mouths."

"So, same old, same old?" She sat on the stool across from me and smiled.

"Yeah. There was a late guy too." I frowned at my dinner. Blake's cocky smile had haunted me through my swim. I wasn't really sure why he got under my skin so much.

"Oh, yeah? What did Dad say?"

"He sent him to clean out the sea lion pens." I smiled while Mom laughed. That was one of the worst tasks you could get. Especially on your first day.

"Well, you know how your dad feels about being punctual." Mom smiled and looked past my shoulder.

"What's that about me?" Dad kissed the top of my head and pulled the pan of spaghetti over to him. Using the spatula, he scooped some of the food into his mouth.

"You had the late guy clean out the pens." I narrowed my eyes at him. "Did you go check behind him? He left really late."

"Mmhmm. I did. He cleaned all three."

"All three?" I looked at Dad, surprised. "No wonder he left so late."

"Did a damn good job, too." He smiled. "I have to admit I was surprised when I heard his name."

"Violet knew who he was too." I frowned at my parents. I hated feeling like I was out of the loop.

"Weathering. His family owns most of the hotels on the island. Met his dad once but wasn't impressed." He pushed the pan back to my mom, who covered it with the plastic lid. "He was a scary guy. Big fancy car, suit, cell phone attached to his ear the whole time, ignoring the little guy next to him that was trying to show him a picture he had drawn. Well, he's not so little anymore, huh? Kid's taller than I am."

"Huh." I grabbed my empty plate and took it to the sink. That picture didn't really mesh up well with the cocky guy on the motorcycle.

"Don't be too hard on him, Meena. Despite the fancy digs and clothes, I don't think his life has been a bed of roses. Maybe this will be his chance to see what a real family should be like." Dad came behind me and squeezed my shoulders. "Go get some sleep. Tomorrow is going to be another long one. Got to get as much work out of those kids as I can early on. They always start slacking after the first week."

I couldn't help but roll my eyes at my dad, even though I loved him to death. If you didn't know his insane obsession with being on time, you would think he was a born islander. All love and be loved. "Night, guys. Love you."

"Love you too!" They chorused. I looked over my shoulder to see them smiling at each other. I knew I was lucky that my parents were still in love, but that didn't mean I wasn't grossed out by their moments. I made a gagging noise and they laughed.

My bedroom was at the end of a short hallway, next to the guest bathroom. It wasn't large but had a great view of the ocean. A quick shower, old pajamas, and I was ready for bed. I kicked off my slippers and was out almost immediately.

Chapter Three

The whine of my alarm made me sit up in bed. I slammed my palm down on the snooze button and tried to remember why the hell I was awake so early. Looking around my room in confusion, I noticed the dirty clothes sitting on the floor next to my closet. I groaned and scrubbed my eyes with the palms of my hands. Another day of community service and I didn't want to be late again. I'd had meetings with Dad twice last week, and each of them had run over. I'd be damned if I gave the owner's daughter a reason to look at me like I was a piece of crap again. I'd been stuck mucking drains and fixing plumbing in the bathrooms. Every time I came out stinking like crap, she would smirk and flounce away.

Of course, I had insulted her family's business, so I might deserve a little shit. I groaned and wondered why it bothered me so much. She was pretty, but I'd dated pretty and it wasn't all it was cracked up to be. Maybe it was the instant fire in her eyes? Or the way she worked just as hard as everyone else. Shaking my head, I stood up and stretched. Nothing mattered right now except getting clean and finding some food. Since I hadn't showered the night before, I could smell myself and that became my top priority. I shoved the door open to my bathroom and almost tripped on the rug.

"Damn it!" I kicked at the stupid mat my mom had picked out before she went back to France and turned on the shower. It was warm almost immediately, so I jumped in and turned on the extra shower head. The shower was probably going to be the best part of my day, so I decided to enjoy it.

Once my stomach started growling, I cut the water off and hopped out. I dried off, brushed my teeth, and dug around in my closet for clothes. For the last week I had been scrubbing tanks, hauling shrubbery, and trying to stay out of Meena's way. I grabbed some swim trunks, an old sleeveless T-shirt, and some flip-flops. I tucked my wallet and bike keys into my pocket and stuck my sunglasses on my head.

As I jogged down the stairs, I could hear voices in the kitchen and almost decided to forgo breakfast. I could hear Vincent and his friend Liv arguing over the last grapefruit. They had been best friends since they both wore diapers. I wished I'd thought to bring my iPod; I could have ignored them both. My stomach growled again and I checked the time on my cell phone. There wasn't enough time to hit town for some food, so I'd just have to suck it up and grab something here.

I pushed through the door and frowned at Liv. She was sitting on the counter in a pair of Vincent's ridiculous pajamas and waved at me like a lunatic.

"Get your ass off the counter. We put our food there." I opened the pantry and grabbed a box of cereal.

"I've got pants on." She flipped me the bird and I chuckled. It was kind of hard to take the tiny girl seriously when she had her hair in pigtails and looked like she belonged in middle school.

"They aren't your pants." I poured milk on my cereal and checked the time on the microwave.

"They look better on her than on me." Vincent frowned in my direction. "What the hell are you doing up so early?"

"Gotta be at the sanctuary." I shoved a mouthful of chocolate puffs into my mouth and wished I'd skipped breakfast. Reminding Vincent about my community service wasn't going to make anyone happy.

"I wish you'd let me do it for you." He picked his bowl up and set it in the sink. Apparently he and Liv had decided to split the grapefruit.

"It's not that bad." Not wanting to see his guilty expression, I put the cereal back in the pantry.

"What's it like? Did you get to play with the dolphins?" Liv hoped off the counter. "I've always wanted to swim with the dolphins."

"All work, no play." Shaking my head, I dumped my bowl in the sink and headed for the garage.

"Blake." Vincent followed me but I didn't want to have this talk. It was done and over. I wouldn't have changed anything.

"I've gotta go, Vince. I can't be late." Gritting my teeth, I opened the door and headed for the bike-my freedom.

"I know. I just wanted to say thanks." He leaned against the door in a ridiculous pair of men's pajamas.

"Anytime, bro." I shoved my helmet over my head and then slid my sunglasses on. "Hit the garage-door opener."

Vincent used his elbow to punch the flat white button and waved over his shoulder as I pulled out. I revved my engine, checked the traffic, and headed out of town.

It was still quiet at the sanctuary when I pulled up and I smiled. I liked it like this, with no one around. I left the bike but brought the helmet with me. I didn't want someone to swipe it while I was knee-deep in fish crap. Or walrus crap. Hell, it would probably be some type of crap. Especially if Meena had anything to do with it. She had still acted pissed when I saw her the other night. And in a hurry, apparently. I had ignored her obvious attempts to ditch me. Maybe she had been going to meet someone. I'd seen her heading down to that little beach a couple of times over the last week.

My instant irritation surprised me. What did I care if she was seeing someone? I shook my head and kicked at a broken stepping stone. I was out of these damn islands as soon I could get my trust-fund money. Girls were the last thing on my mind. Not that I wasn't going to enjoy the scenery while I could. It was hard to ignore a girl that looked like Meena. Really hard when she was wearing that tiny bikini top and scrubbing tanks.

Shit. I was thinking about her and she wasn't even around. Damn bikinis. Maybe I needed to go scrub fish crap. Worry about something more immediate and focus on getting the hell out of here.

"Blake! Over here." The owner, Ben, waved me toward the toolshed.

"Morning." Nodding my head, I set my helmet on a shelf in the shed and looked at Ben expectantly. I wanted to just get whatever type of torture I had to do out of the way.

"How are you today?" Ben picked up a rake and looked back at me.

"Um, good." I looked around the shed and stared at the shovel-my salvation with a metal scoop.

"You look hungry. Have you eaten breakfast?" Ben leaned on his rake and looked me up and down.

"Had some cereal." I looked from the shovel over to Ben and frowned. Why was he being so friendly? Wasn't I here to work off my penance?

"That's not food. C'mon. You're here early, so you might as well get some good grub." Ben laughed as he walked past me. "You're going to need it."

Not sure what I was about to get into, I followed the older man up to the little cottage on top of a hill. The bungalow overlooked the entire facility and had kick-ass views from every window. Ben kicked his shoes off at the door and I followed suit. It was a little weird to walk around in someone else's house without shoes on, but the smell of bacon and eggs made me forget about it immediately. When my stomach growled, Ben clapped me on the shoulder and pushed me toward the kitchen.

"Marion! I brought a beggar." My back stiffened immediately. I wasn't begging for anyone's food. Ben seemed to sense my tension, because he turned back and winked once.

Marion turned away from the stove and smiled at me. She was a pretty woman, but I couldn't help but notice that Meena didn't favor either of her parents.

"Blake, right? You're here early." Grabbing a plate, she turned around and started piling food on it. "Orange juice, milk, or coffee?"

"Coffee, please." I sat down on the bar stool next to Ben and had to fight to not drum my fingers on the counter. I couldn't remember the last time my mother made me breakfast. In fact, I wasn't even sure if our cook was a mother. Did it count if she was and made me breakfast? Marion set a plate in front of me and drool pooled in my mouth. This was real, home-cooked food. Even the stuff our cook made felt fake. Our eggs came with parsley leaves and the bacon was set on toast with fluffy garnishes.

"Dig in." Marion smiled at me and I was struck by her genuine niceness. She wasn't playing hostess. She really didn't mind that I had crashed their breakfast.

"Thanks." She didn't have to tell me twice. I didn't remember chewing the bacon, but it was gone in seconds.

"Where's Meena? Out swimming?" Ben took a sip of his coffee and something passed between the adults. Thankfully, I had all that delicious food to keep my attention, so I didn't look around the house like a dumbass when they mentioned their daughter. Covertly, I let my eyes scan the little kitchen and took in the pictures taped to the fridge and the seashells that lined the tops of the cabinets.

"She was so tired, I think she forgot to set her alarm clock." Marion set a plate in front of Ben just as a door slammed open somewhere in the back of the house.

"Why didn't you wake me up?" Meena came barreling down the hallway into the kitchen, and I stuffed a big forkful of eggs into my mouth. Hopefully my mouth hadn't hung open for too long. She was wearing a tiny tank top that hugged her braless body and showed off her toned stomach. If her parents knew what I was thinking right that moment, they would have skewered me with the spatula.

"What is he doing here?" Her voice cut through the room and you could hear a pin drop. She skidded to a stop and crossed her arms over her chest. I swallowed my eggs and saluted her with my fork. I decided I liked seeing her off-balance. Her cheeks were pink and her eyes were wide with shock. Even if we got off on the wrong foot, her reaction seemed a bit on the excessive side. Maybe she just wasn't a morning person.

"Meena!"

"He got here early, so I figured he might have missed breakfast." Her parents talked over each other, but there was no mistaking their shock at her behavior. There went the morning person theory. Looks like it's only me that gets the cold shoulder. Great. If I couldn't spend some time with her pressed against me in that little toolshed, I'd settle for keeping her angry. I liked the way her eyes snapped.

"Is this your seat?" I wiggled on the stool and almost smiled when her eyebrows drew together and she took a deep breath. Yep, I liked seeing her pissed off.

"It is, but I don't have time for breakfast." She turned on her heel, giving me a nice view of her ass as she stalked back down the hallway. "Mom, toast me a bagel, would you?" She slammed her door shut and I laughed. I couldn't help it.

"You sure did manage to piss her off, huh?" Ben elbowed me and smiled. "She's usually a lot calmer."

"We got off on the wrong foot." I tore my toast in half and shoved a piece in my mouth. "I didn't realize she was your daughter."

"Uh huh. What did you say?" Marion leaned a hip against the counter and sipped from her coffee cup.

"I sort of hinted that I wasn't happy about having to do community service." I tried to find a diplomatic approach.

"I heard you thought this place was a real hellhole." Marion looked at me over her coffee cup and I almost choked.

"Er, something like that. But mainly I was just complaining about giving up my summer."

"Hellhole?" Ben looked at me and frowned. "That would certainly piss Meen off." He chewed on a piece of bacon thoughtfully. "What exactly is so hellish?"

"Nothing." I pushed back from the counter and took my empty plate to the sink. After rinsing the plate, I looked around for the dishwasher, but didn't see one.

"Leave it. I'll clean it with the others." Marion's eyes were thoughtful, and I felt like squirming.

"No, no. You don't get off that easy." Ben looked at me before standing up and kissing Marion on the cheek. He motioned for me to follow him out the door.

"Thank you, Marion." That had been the best breakfast I'd had in years.

"Any time, Blake." If it had been anyone else, I would have dismissed her words. But something about Marion and Ben put me at ease.

"I take it that your first impression of Flukes wasn't that great." Ben stuck his feet into his sandals and headed down the path toward the employee area. I kicked my feet into my shoes and hurried after him.

"Well..." I let my voice trail off. My first impression hadn't been good. My second impression hadn't really required any thinking. At least not with my brain. Which is why I wasn't on Meena's favorite-person list.

"It's okay." Ben sighed. He stopped for a minute and surveyed the sanctuary. "That's actually what I'm going to have you guys working on. The place needs to be spiffed up. We've spent so much time and money on caring for the animals the other stuff fell through the cracks."

"I can understand how that would happen." The sanctuary sat in a natural cove that had been exaggerated by dredging. Roped-off areas and wooden boardwalks marked swim areas that housed dolphins. There was a bird house not far from the toolshed and a building that housed tanks and smaller animals.

"You've probably picked up some things from your father. What would you suggest focusing on? You've had a week to check things out." Ben surprised me when he waited for an answer. He was really asking me.

"I don't think I inherited the family business trait." I was pretty sure I hadn't inherited anything from my father.

"C'mon, Blake. You're smart. I can see it and hear it. So, tell me the first thought that pops into your head."

"A new sign." I don't know why I was actually answering him. "Not just a repaint, but a whole new logo. You need something more modern, something that won't get lost in the crowd. Something bright and catchy, but welcoming. There are a bunch of dolphin-swims and you need to stand out." I thought about it for a minute. This was an interesting puzzle. What would work? "Maybe a cool font that twists up into a dolphin tail, or shimmers like water."

"That's a good point. What else?" Ben turned to face me, intent on what I was saying. My father never asked me questions, just issued orders or demanded information. There was never a give-and-take conversation.

"Landscaping. Freshen everything up, make it look inviting and exciting. There isn't anything tourists like better than to take pictures." I looked at Ben, who was nodding his head. "Maybe hold a big event or something to announce that everything has been revamped." I stopped there, because I had no idea what kind of money they had for this type of stuff.

Looking away from the man in front of me, I caught a glimpse of Meena walking down from the house and froze. I swear to God, my heart actually stuttered. Her hair was braided and pulled to one side under a little hat and her tiny shorts shouldn't be legal, not even in the Caribbean where people were just as likely to show up in a bathing suit. The old shirt she wore hung off one shoulder, revealing her bronzed skin. It was a mouth-watering image and I looked away. The last thing I needed was to be thrown out of the program by her father for ogling his daughter.

"Meena, come here." Ben waved her over and I fought a groan. Shoveling fish crap suddenly sounded appealing. At least then I wouldn't be distracted or say something stupid.

"Hey, Dad. Did you already check on Mitch?" Meena stepped onto the little platform we were standing on and hooked her fingers into her back pockets.

"Not yet. Listen, Blake had some good ideas on how to get us into shape. The cruise-line people are going to be coming by in a few weeks, and I want us to have our best foot forward."

Meena's eyes darted to me as her father talked and I shrugged. It wasn't like I'd suggested anything for the hell of it; he had asked me, but she was going to think I had ragged on her home again.

"So, I think you two should work on designing a new logo and maybe you can show him a little bit about how the sanctuary works. It might give him some more ideas." Ben looked at me and cocked his head to the side. "That okay with you, Blake? I remember seeing your name on some of the pieces when the high school had their art showing last year. You could always come scrub tanks and help lay stepping stones instead."

"No, I'd like to learn a little more about the sanctuary." The man was sneaky. He had known I did graphic design and painted before even asking me. Ben smiled and I could see he was feeling a bit smug.

"All right! Get to it, then!" He clapped his hands and turned around, heading toward the toolshed.

I looked back at Meena, who was staring at me. Her face looked confused and nervous. My smile was immediate.

