Darla

The phone rang. Darla let it go for two rings as she cleared her throat, let the flush of surprise die down a bit, and picked up the receiver. "Good Things Come in Threes," she said, smiling, hoping to inject that perfect balance between friendliness and discretion into her not-quite-smooth voice. "How may I help you?"

A nervous, twitchy silence almost always greeted her. Of course it would. Who picks up the phone, calls a number they read on the internet, and says, "I'm looking for a threesome and I heard you do that for people"?

Okay, so one person already had, and now Darla had to engage her. But that was a rarity. Generally the potential clients were nervous as all get out and stumbled over their words, and about half the time the call dropped off midway, whatever ovarian fortitude the caller had assembled splintering into thousands of tiny pieces.

And yes, they were always women. The men seemed more comfortable, by far, with reaching out and asking for what they wanted.

Wasn't that how it all too often worked?

But Darla, Josie, and Laura had agreed that this service needed to be different.

And if Darla could do anything right, it was different. Different was her middle name. (Not really. Josephine was, but you get the drift.)

"Um, I, uh...is this the dating service?" A young woman with a high, scared voice was on the line. "The one I heard about on Mike Mayhearn's podcast?"

God bless Mike Mayhearn, whoever he was. This was the third call in so many days that referred to him by name. Darla jotted the name on her To Do list. The ways word had spread online had been so intriguing. Podcasts seemed to be the crazy new thing that brought people to Good Things Come in Threes.

"Yes, ma'am," Darla said as brightly as possible.

The woman laughed. "I'm not a ma'am! I'm only twenty-five years old."

"Well, I'm twenty-three, so sorry about that." Darla chuckled, trying to make a connection. "It's just a formality."

"I don't think we need formalities for, um, something like this," the caller answered.

Darla's smile widened and she gripped her pen. So far, so good. "I assume you're calling to get more information about our dating service?" she replied, keeping her voice neutral.

"Yes."

"What do you know about us?" Asking that question was dicey. Over the past few weeks a slew of hate calls had come in, which prompted Darla to record them all. Turned out to be from one guy who had been rejected as a client by Josie after he said he wanted sex only, and not a long-term emotional relationship. A hate campaign followed on social media and via phone. A public relations firm had been brought in. Damage control hadn't been easy.

Hell, it was ongoing. No one wanted to see this place tank before it ever got off the ground, least of all Darla. She knew how f**king awesome being with two men could be. Parts of her soul had been out there, and instead of killing one with her car on that turnpike road one night in Ohio, she'd picked it up by the side of the road, na**d and high as a kite. Trevor's sudden appearance in her life had preceded Joe's, but having them both was like learning she'd been missing something she didn't ache for until she had it.

Other women must feel the same way. Men, too. Helping them made sense to her.

Plus, this was the best damn paycheck she'd ever had in her life. Long live threesome dating services, even if Good Things Come in Threes was the only one...

"I've heard you were founded by that woman who is with the firefighter billionaire. And the other one. The ones in the news."

Darla's eyebrows shot up. Very few people knew anything about Laura, Mike, and Dylan's ties to the agency. She needed to tread super-carefully now, because Josie was ultra-protective of her best friend, and by extension, so was Darla. You didn't f**k with her peeps. Loyalty was her middle name.

Okay, so Josephine was. Apparently, she had a lot of middle names.

"Can I ask how you learned that?"

"Is there a problem?" The caller's voice shook.

Oh, shit. This was the part where people drifted off. Or hung up.

"No, it's just that I'm in a permanent threesome and I'm surprised to hear what you said." Deflect. If Darla could get her off topic, she could keep her on the line.

"You are?" the woman squeaked. "Are you a client?"

"Not quite," Darla replied. "But I was hired because of my background."

"What's it like?" the caller asked, breathless. This time her voice shook from excitement.

Hold on there, sister. Before I tell you about getting licked and dicked at the same time, I'd like to know your name.

"Before I tell you all about my love life, we might want to be on a first-name basis," Darla said cheerfully. See? She was learning tact. "I'm Darla. What's your name, hon?"

"Callie," the woman said quietly.

"Callie, it's nice to meet you." Tact. Darla was practically Miss Menage Manners.

"I didn't mean to offend you!" Callie said, clearly horrified. Way to scare off the potential clients with her smart mouth, Darla thought. Such job security. At this rate Darla'd be back home living with her mama and clicking on pictures of donkeys at a hotel website trying to win a free $5 Subway card.

And that would be on date night.

"No offense taken. I understand your curiosity. It's not like you can just go on the internet and find articles about women who are in loving relationships with two men," Darla replied in the most soothing voice she could muster. No one taught you these kinds of customer service skills in...um...anywhere.

A long sigh poured out of the phone. "Don't I wish! It's all about swingers and one-time hookups and...you know." The conspirator's tone Callie used set Darla's teeth a bit on edge. Actually, Darla didn't know. It was not as if she went out searching for a permanent threesome. It fell into her lap. And that was the major difference between her and their female clients: Darla never sought out what she had.

It occurred to her, suddenly, that the same was true for her boss, Laura. Hmmm.

Her cell phone buzzed. A text. Ignoring it, Darla kept Callie on the line. While Laura and Josie had told her the business could lose money in the first year-it wasn't like Dylan and Mike didn't have enough cash to buy her hometown ten times over-it was a matter of principle for Darla. She wanted to succeed. Clients meant success.

And Callie wanted what Good Things Come in Threes sought to succeed in: nonjudgmental love that happened to use a relationship math that society didn't necessarily understand. Like being metric in an imperial world. Or being Darla at a Pilates instructor convention.

You didn't really fit in.

But that didn't mean you couldn't exist. And thrive.

"I understand," was the best Darla could say and remain honest. In some tangential way she did understand. If she had been searching for what Darla had with Trevor and Joe, she'd have thought it impossible to find. And would never even try. Because why torture yourself with dreams of something that was so inconceivable that all you did was abuse your heart with so much wishing?

A smile played on Darla's lips as she explained how the company worked to Callie.

Making dreams work was her job.

It sure beat working at the gas station back home in Ohio.

After a few minutes of explaining how the registration process worked to Callie, Darla got off the phone and sighed, taking a handful of moments to process what she had just done.

Talk to a woman about her desire to find two men as life partners for a permanent threesome? Check.

Gently persuade the woman to sign up for a trial of their service? Check.

Explain that the company was so new they didn't have many matches and it could take months (ahem...a year at the current trajectory) to begin to make matches? Um...

Yep. Unfortunately. And so Darla felt like a big old fraud.

Then again, lately she felt that way all the time.

The phone rang again. Pushing her own emotions aside, she geared up for another call. Josie and Laura never saddled her with quotas, but she knew they weren't twiddling their thumbs running this bizarre business either. She had to earn her keep, and it was a good enough keep that it helped pay for a lot of her mama's issues back home.

Picking up the phone, she realized caller ID labeled this call from:

"Laura! How are you?" An instant sheen of sweat broke out all over Darla's body like liquid heat, except this wasn't that nice, blazing feeling you get when you catch an unexpected picture of Joe Manganiello appearing on Facebook.

This was pure nerves. When the owner of your company calls out of the blue, you freak out, right? Because they only call like this for one reason.

Because you did something wrong.

"Hi, Darla. How's business?" Laura had a breathy voice that was pleasant to listen to but had an undercurrent of iron to it. Darla admired the flat accent, which was like a linear line without a single deviation. Darla's own voice sounded like Silly String coming out of a can.

"I signed up a new client!" Darla crowed, thrilled that fate threw Callie her way today. That was the first client in four days, and of all the days and moments to report back a success, well...

"You did! Male or female?" They needed more men. Lots more men. Well, double more men than women, at least. And a few extras, because sometimes women asked for three men, which made Darla feel exhausted. Two were enough for her.

"A woman. Very nice. Nervous," Darla said with a giggle.

"Aren't they all?"

She could feel Laura's kind, calm smile through the phone. But there was something more in her voice. A hesitation. The kind of sound you definitely don't want to hear in your boss's voice.

The sound of trouble. Darla's mind raced through the past three weeks, since her last sit-down with Laura. She hadn't done anything wrong, had she? A mental inventory of all of Darla's responsibility left her with nothing. Nada. Zippo. Running the register at the convenience store and gas station back home had been a job that she'd mastered and could do in her sleep, but being the operations assistant with Good Things Come in Threes required skills. Attention to detail.

A major bullshit detector.

And, ideally, someone in a permanent threesome.

Which meant Darla was perfect for the job. Calm down, she told herself. You're not getting fired. You're not.

"Darla, I'm wondering if we could get together for lunch some time."

Darla's heart leapt into her throat and began drowning in the puddle of tears that filled her larynx.

"Talk?" she choked out. Talk? Laura wanted to talk? Talking meant concerned looks and deep discussions about failed metrics and unfilled goals and a bunch of corporate-speak that was so full of fail it made Darla cringe. Joe talked that way when he discussed business law, and it always made her laugh.

Then again, most of what came out of her mouth made Joe laugh, too, so they were even.

"Yes. Talk." Laura sounded so restrained. Embarrassed, even. This was getting weirder and weirder, and Darla knew weird. Lived weird.

Invented weird.

"Josie suggested-"

Ah. The source of the weirdness.

"-that I reach out and invite you to lunch because you and I have so much in common."

In common? Laura was a well-educated former financial analyst for a massive corporation that wouldn't employ Darla to change the urinal cakes in their executive bathrooms. Laura was blond and curvy and sweet and feminine. Darla was a wild, untamed mare with a mane about as tangled and unkempt as a '70s p**n star bush.

In common?

The only thing they had in common was-

"Ohhhhhhhh." The sound came out of her mouth before she could think and use impulse control (hah! What was that?) to stop it.

Laura let out a long sigh, like a balloon being slowly emptied of air. "Yeah. That."

Darla blinked about a thousand times, then said, "Huh. Josie's right. I don't know nobody else who has two boyfriends." Wait-that sounded so stupid, because Mike and Dylan weren't just Laura's boyfriends!

"Er, two baby daddies, I mean. Not that I don't know plenty of people back home with two baby daddies. Hell, one of my friends from high school is my age and has four of 'em, each baby with a different man, and..." Her mouth just detached itself from her head, running off like it was at the start line of the Boston Marathon, blah blah blah blah blah, spewing toxic waste along the way.

"Darla! Darla!" Laura's insistent voice cut through the floating sense of horror Darla had about her mouth.

"Yes?" She shut herself up by slamming a fist in between her teeth.

"You okay?"

"It's just-"

Darla paused, trying to figure out how to behave here. As usual, she had no idea, so she blundered through it. Truth was an absolute defense against stupidity, right? Wasn't that part of law school Joe and Trevor talked about?

"Are you going to fire me? Because you never call and ask to-"

"No! No!" Laura exclaimed, laughing. "God, no. You're fabulous. Josie and I don't know what we'd do without you!"

"Then does that mean I get a raise?" Darla blurted out. Jesus, woman, she chided herself. You do not know when to stop.

Laura laughed again, only this time she sounded more secure. "We'll talk about that a different time. This time, though, I'd like a chance to talk about-"

"Threesomes. And bein' in one. And how f**ked up it can be." Darla felt more comfortable now. Not getting fired. Not getting fired.

"Um, I might put it a bit more diplomatically..."

"Laura." Darla snorted. "You've met me. 'Diplomatically' isn't in my vocabulary."

"Is Jeddy's in your vocabulary? Josie says I should take you there for lunch."

Darla paused, mouth drooling without provocation. "Are you serious? Lunch with the boss at Jeddy's to talk about being in a threesome relationship with two men? When did I bang my head and go into this dream about work?"

"Not a dream," Laura said, laughing gently. Darla could feel the relief in her-in both of them. Her brow tightened; this felt like the tip of some iceberg Darla didn't know was underneath deep ocean waters. "How about next week? Thursday? I have limited babysitting for Jillian, but that day is open. We can do it on one of your work days. It's on the clock."

On the clock? Jeddy's? Talkin' about threesome life?

Best. Job. Ever.

"Sure. Lunchtime?" Darla asked, assuming.

"How about two o'clock? We can come after the rush crowd and get a quieter place."

Laura's words made her pause. This was intriguing. People didn't invite her out under such mysterious circumstances. Hmmm...

Less full of people to hear, Darla thought, but wisely shoved that fist back in her mouth.

"Two o'clock works for me," she said evenly.

"Yes. Perfect. I'm putting it in my calendar. Want me to come get you at work, or meet at Jeddy's?"

"Whatever works for you, Laura."

"Let's just meet there, then."

"Okay." Darla's body relaxed in increments. She wasn't being fired. She wasn't having her hours reduced. Everything was right in the world. Laura just wanted to get to know her better.

"And Darla?"

"Yep?"

"Thank you."

Click.

Darla stared at the phone.

Now she had two phone conversations to nominate for weirdest f**king call at work, ever.

Laura

Dylan raced from the Jeep into the little sex cabin Mike had built for the three of them last year. "I think we still have a few beers in the fridge!" he exclaimed from the deck, stripping down to just jeans in seconds.

And then nothing at all. Out here in the woods, in the remote mountain area of the ski resort Mike owned, there was no one but the deer and the occasional bear to see all of Dylan's delicious parts.

And oh, how delicious they were. While parenthood had made her a bit squishier in all her curvy parts, Dylan and Mike had stayed the same. Even better in some ways, carved and curved in hard, steely ways that complemented her abundant figure.

Over the past six months she'd worked so hard to let go of her self-conscious inhibitions, and was largely there. For the most part.

Almost.

The sex cabin Mike had built really helped. And so did adding a part-time nanny two months ago. Cyndi was a doll. A dream. Mary Poppins without the uptight attitude. She didn't have to be practically perfect, because she was loving and warm and safe and beyond good enough. The guys wouldn't settle for anything less than the loving grandmother Cyndi was for Jillian, and as their little baby turned into a walking, jabbering toddler, they'd all done better with a little space.

Twenty hours a week, Laura could just be. Just be all by herself, while Dylan handled his foundation's charity work, or while Mike managed the ski resort. Just be while she worked with Josie on the threesome dating service she'd created.

Just be with her e-reader and her imagination.

And now-just be with Dylan and Mike in the sex cabin.

The lost libido that seemed hopeless to try to find six months ago had come roaring back with a deafening rush of need when Jillian had turned one year old last month. Certain she was meant to enjoy affection and sex but not desperately want it with that gnawing, alarming need that makes the shared release of sexual touch and connection, Laura had found herself blossoming in new ways.

And "blossom" sounded so demure. Prim, even.

She was turning into a f**king animal-and the operative word was "fucking." This went beyond the mild exhaustion Dylan and Mike had exhibited as her sexual desire reawakened. This new feeling was like being a nineteen-year-old boy. She hummed with urges and cravings and-oh, my...

Dylan was naked, on the cabin's deck, chugging a nice cold one down like something out of a really fancy clothing-optional resort commercial.

Not that she'd ever seen one of those commercials, but if they ever made them, they needed to hire Dylan.

Just like this.

"Why are you naked?" Mike shouted as he grabbed a cooler of food to put in the cabin's fridge. Cyndi was back at the house for five hours today, and they intended to take advantage of every single second. Mike's idea of "taking advantage" was decidedly different from hers and Dylan's. After the first round of sex Mike would make tenderloin steaks and grilled vegetables on the giant smoker he treated like a second child, while Dylan and Laura would make fun of him and, maybe, have a little round of lovemaking to themselves.

That was what her mind filled in. But as Mike trundled through the doorway carrying a fifty-pound cooler on his shoulder like it was a pillow, she wondered how he'd look grilling naked.

I need to get a life, she thought.

I have the best f**king life, she corrected herself. Don't need another one.

"What are you waiting for? Didn't you get the memo? It's na**d country life day," Dylan joked. The sun covered his slightly-less-tan body in a way that was so appealing. Her own skin was so white these days you could use it as a reflector to guide search parties.

Mike was the only one who managed to stay tan year round, and Laura was beginning to suspect he'd given the devil his pinkie toe in exchange for looking that good, even in the dim month of February when the sun didn't come near New England.

"You want me naked?" she teased.

Both men shouted, "Yes!" It was like having boyfriends in stereo.

Two baby daddies, she thought, Darla's words echoing through her mind. The phone call earlier had been odd. Halting. A bit much, but a relief to have it done. Josie might be right. Maybe talking to another woman who had two men in her life-permanently-was a good idea.

Right now, though, she didn't want to think about the future. Or worry about implications. Her present mind was right here, right now, and she wanted to lick and touch and stroke some flesh. To get back what she gave. And to have an orgasm...or twenty...so powerful she would scare small woodland creatures.

She might very well accomplish that feat right now by stripping naked, but by God, as she removed her underwear and hung them on a deck railing, she was going to obey Dylan's request.

"Two out of three of us are-oh!" Dylan said as he corrected himself, Mike strolling out of the cabin completely buck naked, holding two glasses of wine by the stems. "I guess all three of us are in uniform."

"Uniform?" Laura asked, laughing as she peeled off her socks. "The sex cabin has a uniform?"

The cold air stung at her ankles, the not-quite-summer sky a pale, hazy blue through the treetops. If they stayed outside for much longer she'd begin to shiver, but the warm rays of the sun homed in on her shoulder, her forehead, her belly, her calves, and she enjoyed the good with the cold.

The cold had no effect on Dylan and Mike, who had very distinct parts of them standing at attention. If they had the ability to point with them, she'd be the target.

"Sex cabin?" Dylan sputtered, laughter making his ab muscles roll in mesmerizing patterns. "You call this a sex cabin?"

"Isn't that what it is?" she asked with faux innocence, biting her lip suggestively.

"You coming inside? Because the sex cabin is most certainly ready to be used as its name suggests," Mike said with a suggestive leer. His eyes ate her up, and she let him, feeling the genuine love and lust in him.

"Inside, outside, on the deck, bent over the kitchen counter, on the couch," Dylan mused, finishing his beer. "She's coming, all right."

Talk like this used to make her blush.

Now she upped the ante.

"That a wager? How many times can you make Laura come in five hours?"

Mike choked a bit on his red wine. "You want to place bets on sex?"

Dylan's shoulders straightened, arms curling out a bit, forearms curved like they were carved by a woodworker with a lathe and fine artisanal tools. "Why not? Sounds friendly and fun."

"What about you two? How many times do I have to make you come?" she teased.

Mike looked skyward, his face twisted into a very thoughtful expression. "I think my refractory period is..."

"Math?" Dylan gawked. "You're doing sex math?" He marched into the cabin and returned with another beer, his ass so fine Laura felt hypnotized by it.

"What's wrong with sex math?" Laura asked. Mike acted like they weren't even there, now touching the tips of his fingers and shaking his head, muttering to himself.

"It's...math! Who brings math into the bedroom?"

"Math can be sexy," she protested. "One breast," she said, holding hers toward him. "Two br**sts," she added, cupping both and pushing them together to make cle**age worthy of the best Regency dame.

Dylan stared at her ni**les. "Okay. You convinced me."

"Five!" Mike uttered.

"Five orgasms? You want me to give you how many in five hours?" Laura gasped.

"At your age?" Dylan added, laughing his (fine) ass off.

"What do you mean my age? We're the same age!" Mike protested.

Dylan paused. His turn to do math. Laura opened her mouth to make a comment about it when Dylan said, "You're older than me by a few months. And I can't come five times in five hours."

Mike and Laura asked in unison: "How would you know that?"

He turned bright red and muttered, "Just trust me."

"YouPorn," Mike and Laura said, in unison again.

"Quit ganging up on me!" Dylan grabbed Laura's phone, which she'd set on the deck railing, and held up the display. "We've wasted seventeen minutes talking about refractory periods and making bets. When are we going to have sex?"

"After we enjoy a nice glass of wine," Laura said. She was enjoying the view, too. And not just the trees swaying in the wind. Her nice view was decidedly of the human male animal variety.

"The clock is ticking, there's a bet I might lose if we don't get busy, and you want to drink wine?" Dylan said in a tone of outrage. Indignation, even.

"You want me to drop everything-"

"No. Just to your knees," he said in a charged voice with such a commanding tone that she sashayed over to him, pulled a cushion from one of the redwood chaise lounges on the deck, and threw it on the ground in front of him. Handing her wine glass to him, she put her hands on his shoulders and bent down to lick one tight nipple, his body tensing with her touch. His erection bobbed up with a tight, craning motion that made her feel like it was tracing a line on her leg.

"Your wish is my command," she whispered as she bent down before him. She could feel his surprise as she grasped him at the base and stroked lightly upward with a feather touch. She reached up and squeezed his shoulders, her fingertips trailing down his large, muscled chest that was sprinkled with a touch of dark hair in all the right places.

Her palms cupped the long line of ribs that were so cut, muscles built out in layers from his back, the sheer animal power inherent in those muscles making her wet. Looking at Dylan from a sexual place was fun and purely sensual, but it wasn't just the eye candy that she appreciated. The protectiveness, the power, the promise of being cared for and rescued-of being safe-made his body a symbol for so many emotional states.

Her fingers reached down past his waist, unencumbered by clothing. His eyes were on her, burning a hole in her head, and if she tipped her chin up to greet them she knew she'd find his dark eyes burning for her.

She didn't need to look up, though. What she needed was to listen to his request and fulfill it. Having so much time together-all three of them-was a new luxury. Some day this would be old hat, she thought, as her lips grazed his belly button, making Dylan inhale sharply and clench his abs, which rolled like steel balls under silk.

Knowing she provoked that in him-her, and her alone-made Laura grateful for this time, this cabin, for the fact that all three of them were willing to carve out space for their relationship.

They needed this.

Her mouth slid up from his sac with a warm, wet kiss on his shaft that made him grasp the deck railing and tighten, legs bending slightly at the knees as, she knew, he braced himself for the pleasure she was about to give.

"Five hours," she murmured. "Plenty of time to recover." Laura knew he knew exactly what she meant, because the groan that vibrated through him, reaching her mouth as she engulfed him in full, was the sound of a man who could unleash and relax, unfold and de-stress. Most of their sex life involved quickies and halfway blow jobs, everyone eager to preserve the cl**ax for intercourse, which meant this simple act of giving from Laura was simply that. A gift.

And now, in the middle of the thickly filled woods, the sound of birds and leaves shaking in the breeze filling her ears, she could give him complete release. Complete bliss.

Out of the corner of her eye, Laura saw Mike watching with a half-smile on his face, wordless and clothing-less, gorgeous and stately. He sipped from his wine and watched patiently, knowing his turn would come, just as Laura knew hers would, too. Being in a long-term relationship like this-the longest ever for her-meant compromising. Calibrating. Knowing that even if things were out of balance sometimes, in the long run everything would even out.

She took her time, tongue enjoying the exploration of skin she normally skimmed over, his shaft hot and silky at the same time, rigid as a steel rod yet delightfully flexible. Inside her, she knew, it could pump life into her, love infusing her body, release coursing through her like the rush of whitewater rapids provoked by a melting spring thaw. Her own blood began to pulse through her, ripe need gathering at her clit, the soft folds of her labia swelling with heat and want, getting ready for Dylan.

And Mike.

Cupping his balls, Laura found that sweet spot where her finger could apply pressure and-

"Oh, God, that feels incredible," he rasped.

Victory.

Lubing the shaft with her mouth's slickness, she pumped slowly, tonguing the cap, the tight tip of her tongue slicking the underside of his c**k right where the shaft ended and the ridge began. She'd discovered this technique a few weeks ago and learned to use it when he or Mike were almost ready to come, the rapid flick of tongue combining with her encasing hand and finger pressure an instant path to-

Dylan's body tightened with such primal force she nearly fell backwards, the coiled strength in his thighs, back, and shoulders like a nuclear reactor of sexual thrust. His h*ps began to move in bursts toward her, and within seconds he was f**king her mouth, all inhibitions gone.

He'd become a man seeking ultimate ecstasy, and she was along for the ride, mouth and fingers keeping up the rhythm, his hot seed spurting into her mouth as she eased up on the tongue pressure, slowing her wrist movements on his shaft, bringing him down as gently as possible from his cl**ax.

Dylan rested against the deck railing and buried his fingers in her hair as she finally tipped her face up, then swallowed.

He laughed. Mike began a polite clap. "That was quite a performance," Dylan said as he scooped her up, pressing her into a full-body, vertical hug that-oddly enough-felt more foreign than giving him a b**w j*b outside in the woods. The feel of so much skin against so much skin, outside in the fresh air, and in the daylight-it was a series of incongruities that added up to a shift in her consciousness.

She felt more alive than ever. The taste of Dylan still filled her tongue. She loved it. Loved him. Loved this.

Eyes on Mike even as she hugged Dylan, who slumped against her and whispered a string of dirty thank-yous, she mouthed, Your turn next.

Mike winked. I know. I can wait, he mouthed back.

"I can hear you two," Dylan announced. "Quit talking behind my back."

"How can you hear us? We're mouthing the words!" Laura exclaimed.

"I just can. Call it my superpower."

Laura gave him a jaunty grin as she pulled back and drank in his beautiful face. "That is not your super power."

"Oh yeah? Then what is?"

She reached for Mike's hand, then Dylan's, pulling them into the cabin. "You're about to show it to me," she said.

Mike swept her up into his arms and carried her across the sliding door threshold like a newlywed, making her giggle and squeal.

"Superpowers abound," he said, setting her gently on the bed.

"Not there," Dylan said from the kitchen, where he was drinking a glass of water now. Fortifying himself, Laura thought with a grin.

"Where?" Mike asked.

"There," Laura and Dylan said in unison.

Both were pointing at the Sybian.

"Great minds think alike," Mike said drolly.

"But first, you!" Laura insisted, at Mike's side with three steps, hands wrapping around his waist. He eyed the Sybian, then Laura, then shared a look with Dylan she couldn't quite pinpoint, but which generally meant some mischief was about to unfold.

Good mischief. Sensual mischief.

Orgasmic mischief.

"How about we both get our first orgasm out of the way?" Mike suggested.

"'Out of the way'? You say that like it's a root canal," Laura teased.

"How about we try being direct," Dylan interrupted. "Laura sits on the Sybian while giving Mike head."

Stunned silence was Laura's only answer. Mind-blowingly stunned silence. "You want me to do that?"

Her answer was Dylan's hungry hands on her, sliding around from behind, cupping her br**sts and tweaking her ni**les to full attention with one little brushstroke. "We do."

Mike's only response was a raised eyebrow, a gesture that echoed inside her and made her bloom with heat.

The tidy little ottoman in the middle of the living room was so unassuming that the average person would never-ever-guess the kink hidden within. And that was precisely the point.

Hide the fun in plain sight.

Hide the source of judgment from those who did not-or willfully chose not to-understand.

Mike pulled the lid off and exposed the wonder underneath, making Laura's breath slow down just as her heart sped up. Time always changed here in the cabin, unlike anywhere else-even their bedroom at home. Sex was different here. Completely planned and yet utterly spontaneous. Dylan's hands continued their slow tease from behind, his c**k rubbing up against the cleft of her ass, the hair on his chest tickling her back. Mike embraced her from the front, and the heat of his skin, all six-plus feet of him, made her feel complete.

She had them both.

Well-more technically, they had her.

Hands began their well-worn path down the curves of her body, those dry and supple and those wet and wanting.

The Sybian was a simple device, with a dildo attached to a rocking seat. She was more than wet enough as she eased her way down, muscles clamping tight at the slick entrance of something much smaller than either of her men, and yet tantalizing as she felt Mike's hot flesh in her hand, Dylan's own hands on her back and br**sts now, connecting and adding to the loop the three shared. Like electricity, something flowed between them when they were in touch together, though Mike and Dylan drew a strong boundary at touching one another. Laura had wondered about it but never asked. Sometimes privacy within relationships had a place, and this was one of those times.

No complaints came from anyone, though, for what they did have-so she stopped thinking about what wasn't there.

A shudder of shock and heat ran through her as she lowered herself and clasped her thighs and knees along the device, Dylan straddling her from behind, on his knees and encircling her. His hand traveled down to find her hot, throbbing nub.

Oh, this would be over fast.

Mike's c**k was thick and ready, and as her mouth enveloped it his thighs tensed. Primed to know his signals as well as she knew Dylan's or even her own body's triggers, she figured she had a minute, Maybe less.

Better make it good.

Dylan gently rocked her forward, the Sybian slipping and moving with such grace that she felt a moment of feral self-consciousness, as if the device were too prim and proper for what her ragingly wild arousal was about to make her flesh release. An orgasm swept over her and only sheer force of will kept it back, her brain firing wildly to make sure she remembered Mike's pleasure, the fullness of him in her warm, wet mouth now too much. The combination of so many sensations on her body and the need to meet his sexual release made her circuits overheat.

Desperate to give him pleasure, she slid her fisted hand along the fine, soft skin of his shaft, Dylan's fingers on her, her tongue traveling well-worn paths until Mike uttered her name and released into her just as her own tidal wave of cl**ax made her groan deep in her throat, the sound making Mike jolt with more ecstasy.

And just like that, they had knocked out Climax #1 for all three of them.

Strangely energized, Laura swallowed and smiled up at Mike. He looked down from quite a distance, given his height, and smiled broadly.

"Four hours and six minutes to go. You up for more?"

She most certainly was.

Both of them were on her as if she'd sent them some telekinetic signal, as if she'd summoned their bodies by pure desire to come to her, the length of so much flesh pressing into her curves with such impulsive need that they shocked her.

"You're ready...already?" she asked Mike as Dylan stole her words away with a breathtaking kiss, tongue sweeping across her mouth like wind and fire. She couldn't breathe, couldn't speak, and Mike's answer was two hands that took her br**sts like he was staking a claim on them.

Ah. Well. So.

She guessed he was.

A burst of wet heat turned her legs to jelly, and the thrumming sense of pounding as her blood rushed to and fro, building to something so much greater, took her rational thought and shattered it to shards. Reaching for Dylan, she found his thick, strong shaft, and he groaned against her teeth as she stroked him, a simple reuniting that made the fire inside them all flame higher and higher.

Sex wasn't just sex anymore. Not after two years together. It wasn't just intimacy or connection or some necessary act that they indulged in for pleasure. It was, instead, a constant, consistent re-commitment to be each other's heat, to make each other tremble in awe, to use fingertips and tongues and smiles and groans in order to be the most important soul for each other.

Acceptance is the greater part of intimacy.

How much more accepting could three people be when exploring the bounty of flesh, tendon, bone, muscle-and the pure frenzy of driving someone to a release that catapulted them out of their mind?

Trusting both, she sighed deeply, Mike's touch between her legs making her gasps turn to his name, cried out in sighs and moans, a language of arousal and more.

Trust.

Mike was in her first, hard as rock, his lips on her face and neck like a hungry man who was touching a woman for the first time in decades. His hands were rough against her back, her ass, the globes of her br**sts, the sensation just on the edge of her comfort zone but so raw and real she couldn't stop wanting more.

Heightened senses and the sound of their breath in the room, background noise coming from the woods in the form of the rush of leaves pushed by wind, the calls of birds she could not name, and it all turned into a tunnel-vision pinpoint of nothing as Dylan entered her with aching slowness, patient gentleness, from behind, stretching her to the point of oblivion, a kind of disintegration of the self that came only after so, so much pleasure.

When the moment of cl**ax came for all three, the combined explosion sent them all whirling into space, so separate from the very slick skin that twisted and flexed, adjusted and morphed, their spirits in another realm that could only be accessed by the very primal acts of flesh and want that their bodies committed.

It felt like a sacrament and a sin.

Like blasphemy and atonement.

Most of all, though, it felt so f**king good.

* * *

If she and the guys smoked, Laura could imagine this scene quite differently. Sandwiched beautifully between both men, their bodies twisted together in a pile of limbs and torsos that resembled a human pile of stretched taffy (and was just about as sticky...), she reclined in pure harmony with long, lean, blond Mike and compact, musclebound, swarthy Dylan.

All were completely sated. Sexually, that is.

"Who's getting up for the ice cream?" she teased. Sort of. It had been a longstanding joke among the three of them to share a pint of something gooey and sweet right after sex, but they hadn't done that in months. Too many quickies, too many hot, frantic sex sessions done under the watchful timeline of a baby who might wake up at the slightest noise.

"How about steaks and shrimp?" Mike asked, peeling the covers off him and moving like a human gazelle toward the kitchen, his strides more than double the length of hers. That dimpled ass always made her sigh. His body was a series of gears and pulley lines, all muscle under skin, and watching him was better than anything on Netflix.

"Sounds incredible," Dylan murmured, turning over on his stomach, stealing the pillows Mike had just abandoned. His leg slid up against Laura's, and she found a warm, tingling sensation beginning at her "V". Again? Again! How could she still want more?

Mike wandered out to the deck and opened the top of the grill that was, conservatively speaking, the size of a small compact car. Built-in refrigerator, four gas burners, an espresso machine with a blender, and separate shelves for bar items. You could live in the damn thing in a pinch. The next version of the grill probably would come with a bomb shelter attached.

"Fired up!" he announced.

"Sure am," Laura muttered.

Dylan snorted, then turned on his side, propping his head up on his elbow. One eyebrow arched slowly, with suggestion. "You ready for a little something else to top you off?"

Her breath caught in her throat. She felt so vulnerable suddenly, so exposed. Not in the same way she'd felt postpartum, but more that the inner self in Dylan saw her inner self. Like they weren't just na**d together.

They were na**d together.

Caught off guard, she uttered a little white lie. "No. Just joking."

The eyebrow lowered and Dylan's eyes narrowed. "I can tell when you're hiding something, you know."

"Okay! Okay! I spent $300 on a new Coach bag last week! It was a splurge!" she confessed abruptly, knowing that was absolutely, positively not what he was talking about.

The diversion did not work. "I don't care about purses. I care about pussies," he crooned, reaching down her belly, hand sliding to the spot she needed him to touch-again. Again! Her body warmed-revved, really-under his steady command, fingers finding the spot where she needed them, and the surge of pleasure that pounded through her made her grin.

"Happy?" Dylan asked as he glanced up at her, hands parting her thighs, face flush with want.

"More than happy."

"Is that possible?"

"You make it possible," she whispered, her voice catching on the last syllable as his hands caressed her belly, his mouth paying attention to the soft folds of tender skin a bit lower. When he went down on her it was like being transported to a slightly different universe, one where feeling and sensation replaced thinking and talking. If only you could live in this world forever.

Too bad it took sex to teleport oneself into it.

Note to self, she thought. Need more sex.

And those were the last coherent thoughts Laura had until she called out Dylan's name, cried for mercy as the cl**ax grew to be a force so big she couldn't release it. Muscled hands pinned the soft flesh of her hips, holding her in place, not letting her buck away from her own clenching cl**ax. Emotion and pure kinetic energy tried to find its way out of her with a controlled sort of letting go, and that was the hitch: you couldn't control a supernova. You couldn't control a superstorm.

You could try, but you'd only be left frustrated.

And very, very wet.

Dylan's tongue strummed her like a stringed instrument, the butterfly movements making her arch up and shift into higher, deeper, finer levels of arousal and build-up, the layers interwoven and seeming not to be related until suddenly the cl**ax was there, at the ready, a big wave of orgasms that made her move without will, grind against his mouth without humility, seek pleasure where pleasure was offered and trust that Dylan would give and give and give until she was sated.

That was intimacy, right? The ability to be completely bare with another person, raw and real.

And if you were lucky, like Laura was, you got love and intimacy, too.

Times two.

Her pu**y walls moved of their own accord, like they had a hive mind that made them twitch with delicious glee, paroxysms of ecstasy slowly, lazily finding their way out of her, drawing out the joy of what Dylan had just done. She rested on her back and closed her eyes, reveling in pure sensation.

Mike sauntered back in, whistling some tune that Laura knew was a pop song from one of the smaller college radio stations in the area. That was the only way he could possibly know that short melody. "You two done?" he asked, not at all seeming to be bothered by the fact that she had just gotten one of her orgasms in quite nicely, thankyouverymuch. And was now in the lead in The Great Orgasm Race.

"She is. I'm not," Dylan said, pulling the sheet up and peering down at his own upright cock. "Looks like my refractory period is a bit faster than yours."

"I wasn't hanging out in bed with a luscious piece of ass for the past ten minutes. I was busy putting marinated steaks on the grill and making garlic bread." Mike reached down to give Laura a quick kiss, and she tasted garlic, oregano, basil, and something else.

As if reading her mind, he whispered "Marjoram" in her ear, and she giggled.

"It's true, Dylan. Mike was playing Anthony Bourdain while we were just having more orgasms."

"'Anthony Bourdain' and 'orgasm' don't go in the same sentence," Dylan declared, checking under the sheet again. "And...gone. Bye bye, refractory period," he whispered to his own penis with a little wave.

"You wave at your body parts?" Mike teased.

"Only the ones I name."

Mike had been walking to the doorway, but came to a dead halt. Laura loved how the muscles down his back, ass, and thighs all stopped with pinpoint precision, a long assembly line of kinetic perfection.

"You named your-your penis?"

"Yep. Every guys does."

"Uh, no," Mike announced. "No, we don't. Quit claiming to speak for all men. How did I not know this about you? We've known each other forever."

"You know damn well I named it. You've heard me call it by its name a million times."

Laura's turn to get confused. "We've been together now for long enough that I'd know you named it. What's its name?"

"'My appetite.'"

Laura and Mike shared a WTF? look. "My appetite?" they asked in unison.

Dylan nodded. "That's right."

"Why?" they asked.

"Because it's my appetite!" Dylan said the words as if they were self-explanatory, hands outstretched in a gesture of emphasis.

"What do you mean?" Laura asked slowly.

Dylan sighed, looking at the ceiling. "A long time ago some friends and I were joking around about what to call our cocks."

Mike placed a hand on Laura's arm and squeezed. The look on his face was priceless. Wide ocean eyes looking at her with incredulity. "Men don't really do that. Don't believe a word he says. I think he binge watched too many bromance movies and this is the result."

"Not! Not!" Dylan barked. "I knew loads of guys in college who named their dicks."

"And they tended to be ass**les," Mike drawled.

"Sure, that's true, but-hey, wait a minute!" Dylan muttered, still not getting up from his position in bed with Laura, furry legs rubbing against hers, her fingertips massaging the soft skin at the nape of his neck. She could stay like this all day, but a quick glance at the clock told her they had exactly one hour and six minutes before they needed to be in the Jeep and driving back to the main house to take over with Jillian.

"Assholes. All of them. Frat boy weirdos," Mike continued, clearly enjoying working Dylan into a tizzy.

"You're just goading me," Dylan said with an eye roll.

"Like shooting fish in a barrel."

"Who does that? I hate that saying. It's so strange, because would you seriously dump a bunch of fish in a barrel of water and start shooting at them? Wouldn't that be the epitome of stupid?" Dylan groused. Mike waved a dismissive hand his way as he left. Laura saw him in front of the grill on the deck, turning steaks over.

"You two sound like a couple of teen boys having an argument," Laura said with a grin.

"You couldn't pay me enough to go back to being a teen boy," Dylan said. "Even with a better refractory period." He looked under the sheet again with a concerned expression. "Up, boy, up!"

"Your appetite isn't very big right now, is it?"

He groaned. "Foiled by my own joke."

"You make it so easy, honey. Like shooting fish in a-"

"Don't say it!" He grabbed a pillow from under her head, making her thump onto the mattress, and began beating her chest with it, the pounding fun at first, until he started tickling her.

"Stop!" she screamed, the sound coiling out of the bedroom and up over the mountains. At least, that was how loud it seemed. To her.

"Quit tickling her," Mike called out. "You know she hates it."

Dylan pelted her with the pillow a few times, making Laura roll over onto her stomach and bury her head under an unused white puff. Mike came to her rescue by laughing and throwing pillows from the couch at Dylan, until the distinct scent of charred steak wafted into the room.

Laura sat up and said, "Something's burning!"

Mike bolted outside, and she and Dylan froze, waiting with bated breath to see whether their meal had been ruined by playful fun. Wouldn't be the first time, but marinated steaks lost to overcooking were a tragedy.

"They're fine! Just in time!" Mike called out, and Laura took the distraction to jump up and throw on her clothes.

"Why are you getting dressed?" Dylan asked with a pout.

"Because the last time I wandered around the deck naked, I had about two hundred mosquito bites the next day. One of them managed to get on my labia! You ever try to scratch that?"

He leered. "I have a very scratchy tongue. Next time you get one there-"

She threw a pillow at him and left him to laugh. The scent of spices and charbroil made her mouth water. Mike's na**d body was covered in a red chef's apron, his hand filled with a plate of half-bloody steaks.

"Salad's over there," he said, pointing with the grill tongs, "and the steaks are coming up."

"Dylan should be coming soon."

"Again? He is so damn competitive sometimes. Three in four hours should-"

"I meant coming here. Not, you know...."

Mike's ire faded quickly. He looked quite adorable standing tall, the apron covering his happy bits, the strange mixture of culinary convention and nudist subversion making her nose twitch with laughter. She couldn't stop eating him up with her eyes.

"What?" he finally asked. "Why are you staring?"

"The Nudist Chef. You could star in your own reality cooking show."

"No way. Can you imagine if someone found a hair in the food? Try explaining that when you cook naked."

She looked at the steak with a stink eye. "Do we need to get you a little hairnet for down there? I'd be happy to design one and help tweak it."

"Tweak it? Lots of fittings?" He reached over with his empty arm, steaks now in her hands on the plate, and kissed the top of her head. "Sounds interesting, but I'll pass. The idea of fitting a hairnet over my balls is one of many reasons not to have a nude cooking show."

Dylan sauntered out in his jeans, barefoot and inhaling deeply from the fresh air. "Nude cooking show? Where? What channel? I'm in. Let's binge watch!"

"I'm the nude cooking show," Mike explained as he made sure the food was set and began pouring red wine for everyone. Laura held her hand over her glass.

"No thanks. I'll be nursing soon."

Mike nodded. "Got it." He poured glasses for him and Dylan, then winked at her. "I'm a wee bit underdressed for this gathering, so if you'll excuse me..."

She spanked his tight ass as he turned around. "You're wearing an apron. That's enough. And it shows off your finest assets."

Dylan snorted, apparently inhaling a noseful of red wine. "Ow ow ow ow ow," he hollered as Mike howled with laughter. By the time Mike returned, wearing jeans and some old Coldplay t-shirt Laura hated, Dylan had cleared his nose and was eyeing the wine with suspicion.

They dug into their steaks, and within minutes had wolfed down the lovely dinner, which was fine with Laura. The sooner she told them, the better, and it was so much nicer to face a full, sated set of guys when she had a minor bomb to drop.

"So..." she began.

Both came to an abrupt halt in their movements.

"Yes?" Mike asked slowly. She saw his eyes flick toward Dylan and then return, the micro-movement so rehearsed she might never have noticed it if she weren't so intimately familiar with the two of them.

"What the hell do you think I'm about to say?" she demanded, the air charged suddenly, leaving her imbalanced and agitated. Like a switch had been flipped, she went from lightness to dark. Why would they look at each other that way?

Neither of them answered her, instead looking at her with such intensity her heart turned into a cyclone.

"Guys?" she pleaded. This felt so far out of the range of normal.

"Are you..." Mike began. He stopped and looked at Dylan.

"What?" Laura practically screamed. What the hell did he think she was about to say?

"Are you pregnant?" Dylan asked.

A huge stream of air poured out of her lungs, the relief evident in the way her shoulders relaxed, her body poured the worry out through her sigh. "God, no. No!"

Dylan's face relaxed with relief.

Mike's collapsed with disappointment.

"Oh!" she said, looking at Mike. "That's not the reaction I expected." When had this turned into a conversation about having another baby? She thought she was going to spend the next half-hour convincing them to come to Jeddy's and talk with Darla's boyfriends.

He shrugged but said nothing. Dylan turned and gave him an arched eyebrow.

"You want another one? Already? Thirteen months of interrupted sleep, colic, teething, and no time alone with Laura isn't enough for you? You masochist."

Laura felt the hair on her arms and neck begin to prickle. The nasty undertone in Dylan's voice made Mike's hackles go right up, and she hated when both of them argued. It was rare-most of their sarcastic comments were tossed back and forth in jest-but this one had so many layers to it that Laura felt a dangerous sense of calm pour over her, one of those moments when everything you know can turn on a dime.

"And what about the pure joy of watching our daughter come into the world, of cutting the umbilical cord and watching her settle on Laura's chest, of smelling her little baby head and being the only one who knows how to rock her the exact right way to get her to sleep? And the sleepy milk burps that always came with a happy smile afterward? Watching her grin at you, her eyes lighting up when you held her? What about snuggling with her on the couch and knowing that you'd helped to make an entire human being, a new life that will go out into the world and make it a better place if you raise her right?" Mike's words flowed over Laura like a waterfall. He'd never-ever-spoken for so long or with such emotion.

Dylan's jaw hung quite low.

Mike went on. "When she crawled, we all cheered. When she took her first bites of solid food, we were there. When she started saying 'Mama,' we were jealous."

"You were?" Laura interrupted.

Both men looked a bit embarrassed. "We'd read in the baby books that 'Dada' was more commonly the first word, so..." Mike explained.

"I half expected her first word to be 'Jeddy's' or 'Madge,' because we took her there so much," Dylan added.

Laura squashed a laugh because Mike's eyes were blazing. He wasn't done yet.

"And now Jillian is babbling and happy and wandering around on those fat little legs, arms in the air, so curious about the world and open and eager. She's the best teacher and the most wonderful embodiment of pure love I have ever seen in my entire life." Mike's voice was choked with emotion, eyes glistening, and Laura stood, went to him, and gave him a hug.

"So yeah," he ended with a ragged sound, "I would love another one." Mike pulled away from the hug and, with soulful eyes, regarded Laura tenderly. "Not until you're ready, of course. But if you did tell me you're pregnant, I would be thrilled."

"Shit!" Dylan shouted. "We're late!" All three of them turned to look at the clock, and Laura made a squealing sound of alarm. He was right. There was no need to clean the cabin-Mike's resort crew would handle that-but they did need to tidy and bring their own belongings out of there. The cabin was used, occasionally, by resort guests (sex items were carefully removed), so they had to do a quick check of everything and get out.

Five minutes later, Laura marveled at how quickly they had all acted, and as the Jeep rumbled down the rutted dirt road back to their home, she let Mike's words rattle around in her head. It wasn't that she didn't want another baby-she was an only child and had always wanted siblings, and was determined to give Jillian at least one. Right now, though, she didn't feel ready. Maybe in a year? There really wasn't a timeline.

Mike didn't demand an answer, and Dylan was in the back seat alone right now, staring out the window, his jaw locked so hard it might as well have been a safe at Gringot's.

He clearly wasn't ready for more. She knew he adored Jillian-loved her to pieces, in fact-but she also understood what he had said. Being bone-weary and at the constant ready to attend to a child's needs in its first year was an experience she would rather not relive right away. And pregnancy! The joy of swelling with new life, the feel of a growing baby inside her-that was all amazing.

The ballooned legs, the polyhydramnios she'd experienced, and all the aches and pains, along with morning sickness, made her want to be pregnant again about as much as she wanted to listen to Josie talk about data plans for the office.

"There's no rush, is there?" she said softly, not quite realizing the words were out of her mouth until they were. The sound of the Jeep's tires on the rocky road may have covered her voice, because maybe Mike didn't hear her.

But he did.

A slow smile split his lips, cheeks shining with a warmth she loved so much. He patted her knee. "No. Never a rush. I'm not really ready, either. But if you were pregnant right now, my reaction wouldn't be negative."

"I just don't think-"

He squeezed her knee gently. "Just tell me you want Jillian to have a sibling."

"Of course I do! You know I've always wanted at least two. I don't want her to be an only child."

He nodded. "I know. We've talked about it. I just...needed to hear it again." His eyes flicked over to her and then returned to the unstable road, but in that split second of eye contact she saw all she needed.

Love. So much love a pair of eyes couldn't hold it all.

And maybe one child couldn't hold it all, either, though that thought seemed so silly to Laura. Of course one child could be enough. It had been enough for her mother. For plenty of people.

But not Mike, it seemed.

A cold thought of such alarming clarity hit her between the eyes. It felt like a tiny little pinprick of pain so startling it traveled down to her heart.

Another baby.

Was Mike afraid Jillian wasn't his, and that was why he wanted more? Was this about jealousy or competition, or...something unnamed?

The glow of their happy afternoon began to fade a bit as reality intruded on her thoughts. The heat of their skin against hers had been so immediate just moments ago. And now...

She had to think. Not just feel. Not just touch.

As they pulled into the driveway, Cyndi played with Jillian on the giant swing set Mike and Dylan had installed last month. Their baby was perched at the top of the slide, Cyndi's protective arms on her waist, and as Jillian's fat little hands waved in the air, Cyndi guided her down. Jillian's face tipped up to look at Cyndi, and those baby hands clapped with joy, cheering herself on for her great slide victory.

Suddenly, all was right in Laura's world.

Josie

"What in the hell were you thinking sending my boss to me to talk about my sex life!" Darla screamed in Josie's ear. Pulling her smartphone back from her head, she stared at it, fully expecting Darla's holographic image to appear in spectacular, angry form.

"It was a perfectly reasonable suggestion," Josie retorted. "Perfectly reasonable because you two are in these crazy threesome relationships, and you're both struggling."

"Struggling?" Darla roared. "I'm not struggling with Joe and Trevor!"

"You meet Joe's parents yet?"

Fuming silence was all Josie got from her niece.

"I didn't think so," Josie added. "And Laura's got her own set of problems with Mike and Dylan-"

"Problems? Problems? You mean you can find yourself not one, but two billionaires, have their baby, live in luxury with them, and spend your time opening a crazy business for weirdos like me, and have problems? Nice life. What kind of problems does Laura have? Whether to buy lavender-scented car fresheners or verbena-scented car fresheners at Whole Foods?"

"Meow." Josie's arched tone said more than the single word.

Darla backpedaled, fast. "You won't tell her I said that, will you?" she said in a panicked voice. "Because I like Laura. A lot. And I don't think she's spoiled. That not what I mean. I know she worked hard and had a degree and a job before she met the guys and oh my God, Josie, say something, because if Laura's on the line with you and just heard me say that I am going to die from-"

"No, dumbass, she's not here. But you have some learning to do. Just because someone has a ton of money doesn't mean their problems go away. In fact, sometimes you end up with more problems."

"I'll trade."

"Hah! Anyhow, you guys should meet. Lunch at Jeddy's sounds like fun."

"How do you know what we're doing?" Darla asked with suspicion.

"Because Laura asked me to be there," Josie answered matter-of-factly. Being asked wasn't a surprise, but what Josie had in store for Trevor, Joe, Mike, and Dylan sure would be. First, she'd asked Laura if she thought the plan was worth it. Laura agreed. Now, on to Darla...

"You'll be there?" Relief flooded Darla's voice. "Thank God."

"And I need some help from you," Josie added.

"Help?"

"Laura's going to get Mike and Dylan to come, too. Just to hang out and have a meal nearby. I think you should bring Trevor and Joe."

"Why?"

"Because it's like meeting an albino moose."

"You just lost me. You on something? Because the last time I heard someone talking about albino moose it was Joe, who licked some piece of handmade pressed fair-trade paper from Mexico that had some LSD or something on it, and soon the whole world went albino and he was-"

Josie cut her off. It was a well-developed skill. "No. What I mean is, if you heard about an albino moose in a zoo, would you go see it?"

"Maybe."

"If you owned an albino moose and heard about a second one, wouldn't you go see it?"

"Well, sure, because that would be so rare that-ooohhhhhh. I get it."

"Good. Because I was about to pull out the hand puppets and leotards and do an interpretive dance to explain."

"You don't have to get pedantic."

"Can't help it."

They both laughed.

"You have any idea how hard it's going to be to convince Joe to go to Jeddy's and sit at a table with two other guys who do what we...do? He can't even tell his mom we're dating."

"What about Trevor?"

"I've met his parents. Nice people. We all met up at some town concert and walked around eating ice cream. They think me and Trevor met at an online dating site."

"There's a lie." Josie's words were true, but she knew they stung Darla.

"If you count being a fangirl as 'online dating,' it kinda works. They don't know anything more than that." To Josie's surprise, Darla wasn't defensive. A little sad, though. It made Josie even more determined to make sure Laura and Darla talked.

"He won't tell them the truth?"

"Would you?"

Josie tried to imagine calling her mother, Marlene, back in Ohio and explaining she had two boyfriends. At the same time. No, really-at the exact same time.

"Uh, no. But then again, with my mom, I'd probably get some story about how she'd had five men at once, and exactly which holes you can use for-"

"Lalalalala I can't hear you talking about Aunt Marlene that way!" Darla shouted.

"You asked."

"Question retracted."

Josie let out a long, slow sigh, the kind you can only release openly with someone who knows you inside out.

"I know that sound," Darla cracked. "That's the sound of Mama going to get the belt."

"Aunt Cathy never whipped you!" Josie protested, knowing this was all a joke.

"No, but she'd pull out Daddy's belt and tell me that if he was alive my ass would be tanned."

"And then what did she do when you didn't listen?"

"Huh," Darla uttered, the phone popping with the force of her sound. "I don't know. I always obeyed. I think I figured if she was calling on the belt of a dead man to get me to do what she wanted, I'd better do it."

They shared a chuckle, and then Josie returned to the matter at hand. "You need to get Joe and Trevor there. They can eat pie with Mike and Dylan."

Darla made a choking sound. "Excuse me?"

"Get your mind out of the gutter, Darla Josephine Jennings. Not that kind of pie. Jeddy's may have some weird things on the menu, but they haven't come up with a flavor that savory."

"Pussy Pie has a ring to it," Darla said through laughter.

"People would think they were baking strays from the alley behind the restaurant."

"I've eaten in some dive joints here in Boston that probably are," Darla muttered.

"Quit stalling!" Josie insisted. "Get Joe and Trevor to meet you there. Laura's doing the same with Mike and Dylan, and then we'll-"

Two strong, muscled arms wrapped around Josie's waist as Alex appeared from behind, her ass nuzzling up to an alarmingly large sign of how happy he was to see her.

"Hey there," she said in a low voice. "I've missed you. And I can feel how much you've missed me."

"You coming on to me, Josie? 'Cause that's a new low." Darla's voice had gone flat.

"Hi, Darla!" Alex called out, then kissed a trail of little pecks from Josie's ear to her shoulder. "How's it going?"

"Josie's crazy!" Darla shouted.

"Oh. Good. Everything's normal," he said, hands sliding up Josie's front, finding her br**sts like they were made of iron and he had magnets in his palms.

"No, I mean crazy!" Darla insisted. "She wants me to get Trevor and Joe together with Mike and Dylan!"

"Quit screaming," Josie said, distracted by what Alex was doing and by Darla's shouts through the tinny phone speaker. "I'll put you on speakerphone."

Darla came through loud and clear as Alex spun Josie around for a deep, warm kiss. "Together! The four of them!"

"You're setting the four guys up?" he murmured in Josie's ear. "That's...inventive. Good things come in fours?"

Josie hit his pec through the stained scrubs he wore. After a typical twenty-four-hour shift he showered and changed at work, but had come straight home this time. She looked at the clock. More like a thirty-three-hour shift.

"Why are you covered in-ah, God, is that blood? And you smell like rancid amniotic fluid."

"How do you know what that smells like?"

"You two have the weirdest conversations," Darla added.

Alex and Josie both stared at the smartphone. "Like you don't?" Josie snapped. "You are the queen of weird discussions."

Darla backed off, voice sheepish. "Fair enough. But c'mon-you know how hard it will be to get Joe and Trevor there? And what the hell will they talk about?"

"Double penetration positions?" Alex suggested. "Best sex practices for threesomes? How to make a schedule on Google Calendar to balance it all out? What to do when-"

"Stop!" Darla and Josie shouted at the same time.

"You just managed to offend both of us," Josie said, laughing and trying to look stern as he lifted her shirt and kissed her belly. A flood of heat pooled between her legs and her fingers wove through his hair, then down his muscled back.

Except he smelled funny.

"Off to the showers with you!" she ordered, regretfully pushing him toward the bathroom. Her bathroom.

Um, their bathroom. Alex had moved in two days ago.

His lease had been up and his roommate was long gone on some fancy residency fellowship, again, leaving Alex with a tough choice of either finding a new roommate or getting a smaller, cheaper place.

She'd expected him to suggest moving in with her, but to her surprise, he hadn't. As days had turned into weeks of watching him scour Craigslist and roommate sites, she'd finally caved in and asked.

This was an experiment. A testing period. It was not permanent.

At least, not for now.

He gave her a big, sloppy, sexy kiss and stripped his shirt off over his head, leaning forward as he peeled the v-neck scrubs over his neck and head, the ripple of muscled layers like soccer fans doing the wave. Only this was better.

"Earth to Josie? You there? Alex still there making pervy comments about my sex life?" Darla's voice startled her.

"No," she sighed, watching him untie his scrub pants and shake out of them, leaving him in boxer briefs that outlined every vein, every curve. Thumbs hooked into the waistband, he gave her a big, sultry wink like a stripper, and then he pulled them off, giving her a mouth-watering view.

"Is he doing sex things to you right now? On the phone? Because that's just plain rude."

"No, Darla, he's not doing-'sex things'? You have the vocabulary of a twelve-year-old boy."

"It's about all I need to have a conversation with you."

The sparring normally would have made Josie laugh, but watching her boyfriend's ass stride toward the bathroom to take a soapy, steamy shower rendered her quite speechless.

And intolerant of being on the phone.

"Do whatever you need to do to get Joe and Trevor to Jeddy's."

"You make it sound life or death."

"No-but I think it's worth a try."

"Why is it so important to you?"

"Come here!" Alex shouted as the distinct sound of the water being turned on filled the walls. Josie scrambled to get out of her clothes while talking with Darla.

"It's important because I see my niece and my best friend in really unique relationships and sometimes it's nice not to be the only freak. If it turns out there's another freak just like you, you're not a freak anymore. You're a tribe."

"A tribe of two?"

"Oh, oops! I dropped the soap!" Alex called out from down the hall. "Josie, can you come pick up the soap for me in the shower?"

Darla giggled. "You two play games, too? Me and Joe and Trevor have this one game we call the 'Tortured Romance' game, where Joe is the Russian hit man who is 'sposed to kidnap me, and does, and then Trevor is the Special Ops dude who has to rescue me. But then the hit man and the Special Ops dude find-"

"I do not want to hear about your sex games!" Josie screeched. Her excited cl*t made a face of horror worthy of an Edvard Munch painting. Or worse, Macaulay Culkin in Home Alone.

"Like I wanna hear yours!" Darla huffed.

"Just-goodbye!" Josie stabbed her phone screen repeatedly with an angry finger and fell over as her foot caught in the hem of her pants. Might as well strip on the ground, she thought, and she made quick work of it, completely na**d in seconds, ass cold on the hard tile of her kitchen floor.

She stood, just long enough to get a good, long look at the UPS guy delivering the latest item she'd ordered online.

A good look because her-their, their-curtains were wide open in the front picture window.

UPS Man got an eyeful, too.

She ran down the hallway, body flushed with embarrassment, excitement, and a lingering sense of disgust from her conversation with Darla.

"What was that all about?" Alex asked as she slipped into the tiny shower with him, her face coated with the shower spray. He was so tall she had no choice. It was like showering under a very misty waterfall, and she kept her eyes closed most of the time.

Which was sad, because right before her was one of the seven-inch wonders of the modern world.

She opened one eye.

Make that eight.

"Darla started telling me all about some sex game she plays with Trevor and Joe-"

Alex's entire body shuddered.

"Yeah, about right," she confirmed, her hands running in opposite direction to the water's flow on his arms, stretching over his shoulders, sliding down his back, ribcage, to his hard ass. Filling her hands with his flesh, she pulled him hard against her, and found him hard.

Against her.

The kiss he slammed her with was insistent and unyielding, the kind of claiming that only two people who have been together for a while can exercise. She opened her lips and he was inside her, tongue reacquainting itself with her warmth, telling her about his day, reuniting after so much time apart.

His long shifts were part of the deal in loving him: being with a doctor, she knew, carried the constant separation, and never knowing exactly when he would come home from a shift in the labor and delivery ward, or the ER, meant getting accustomed to ambiguity.

But he was here. Now. Hot and strong and wet and in her arms, and that-by God-was what she was going to think about right now. Not her silly niece's sex life, or about the client shortage that Good Things Come in Threes was experiencing, or her flashing the UPS delivery dude, or the fact that she had just taken a ginormous leap forward in trusting Alex with a bigger piece of her life.

And her heart.

Right now, there were decidedly more delicious body parts that Alex could have pieces of, and my, oh my, was he finding them quite nicely without needing to use a map.

Josie was learning, stroke by stroke, caress by caress, lick by lick, that sex with the same person could be infinitely interesting given enough time and enough desire. While that should have been obvious, and she wondered how she'd managed to reach mature adulthood without really registering that little piece of wisdom, it was quite different when you lived it. Day by day, encounter by encounter, orgasm by orgasm.

The water's mist was like an audience, watching and omnipresent, demanding access to their skin, their breath, their very essence, as Alex dropped to his knees and buried his face between her parted thighs, her hands reaching for the balance bar screwed-she hoped-tightly into the shower's wall. Thank heaven for safety features, she loosely thought as his tongue found a way to make quite a show for the air that surrounded them. Her head tilted back as her neck muscles tightened and loosened, imitating the pattern of her sex as it clenched and released, and as she shifted slightly her movements were greeted with a face full of hot water.

Sputtering, she tugged lightly at his hair, and he moved up, hands on either side of her, caressing her calves, then knees, thumbs digging in possessively as he traversed her thighs, then hips, ribcage greeted by palms that enveloped her br**sts with a nearly feral touch. By the time his hands cradled her face for a kiss that tasted like her, like rain, like everything, she was ready to have him inside her.

More than ready.

Always thinking ahead, she thought as Alex turned away and gave her a spectacular view of an ass that was either forged in a Bessemer furnace or hand-carved by a sculptor. The condom he put on made her smile. No babies.

Not yet.

His touch was more insistent this time, her last view of him fleeting but unfurling a rosebud of need inside, his wet hair and determined, dark look making him dangerous. A force of nature. Her dangerous force of nature, of course, but as he centered her and lifted one leg into place for her, his shaft sliding in from behind and making her core grab hold of him like a velvet glove, she wanted danger.

Wanted him.

Her fingers curled in on the tile, eyes unfocused and body one cloud of wet, hot skin, pumping blood and tingling with the kinetic frenzy of having Alex behind her, all muscle and flow. He did all the work, and that was just fine, a tacit agreement that was forged through time. You do the work this time; I'll ride you tonight...

Their cl**ax hit within three breaths, smashing them against the tile wall, their ability to calibrate it swept away by the mind-blowing, involuntary nature of impulse, biology, and release. She screamed, the sound guttural and base, low in her throat but raw, as Alex murmured her name over and over in her ear, the rasp muted by the shower spray and steam that applauded and shouted "Bravo!" at their performance.

Gasping, she slumped against the shower wall, Alex behind her, the wet hair on his thighs prickling her ass, the feel alien and intriguing.

"Too bad we can't have porch sex again," he said as she turned off the shower and slid back the curtain, reaching for two towels. Handing one to him, she paused for a moment to marvel at the casual domesticity of it all. Shower sex. A towel offered as if it were so natural. Part of the flow of time and building a life with another human being, to share for decades and beyond, all the way until the fire of mortality was gone, and the soul moved on.

Deep in her pensive moment, she missed Alex's comment. Then he cleared his throat and said, "Penny for your thoughts?"

"They're worth way more than that," she said with a funny laugh, a sound choked with emotion. He had a radar when it came to her, which only made the moment more infused with emotion. Two days. He'd lived here for two days and already she was thinking about forever.

Abstract forever and real-life forever were two very different concepts.

So far she thoroughly enjoyed both.

"You have that look in your eyes," he said in that warm, whiskey-laden voice that was so smooth it made her wet. The man could recite the Physician's Desk Reference manual and she'd be writhing in sexual ecstasy in minutes.

"What look? The crazy cat-lady look?" As if on command, her skittish cat, Crackhead, darted out from underneath the couch and fled into the sanctuary of her-um, their-bedroom, ensconced under the bed, two shining orbs staring at them.

"Crackhead will never get used to me," Alex sighed.

"Don't make me choose between the two of you," she joked. Alex gave her a sour face and disappeared into the kitchen, and from the sounds of it, he was brewing coffee.

A woman could love this man deeply. And she did.

Josie finished toweling off and walked na**d into the bedroom, rummaging through her dresser for clothes. A second dresser, one that didn't match (and yet belonged there), rested under the window across from hers. Alex's meager furniture had fit in so well with her eclectic possessions that it was creepy. Creeptastic, in an overly perfect kind of way. As if he were made for her. Even his coffee mug set with the little wooden stand matched the one she had found at a yard sale a few months ago.

Creepy.

"You look like you want to bolt out into the street and run away from me. Like I have tentacles and crawl into your body at night to turn you into a pod person."

"You have one tentacle that crawls into me at night," she said suggestively.

"And if I had more, they would join it." As if his c**k were listening, it rose slowly, cockeyed (no pun intended) at first, then slowly straightened out, long and strong, the sedate politeness of his foreskin turtlenecking down.

"Seriously?" She made a dismissive, but joking, sound as she stared at his rod. "You're ready again?"

"Always ready."

"I know that's not true, because there was that one time-"

Alex grabbed some underwear and quickly put them on, as if his penis were offended by the conversation and needed to have its ears covered. "That one time I'd just come off an unexpected thirty-eight-hour labor, drank five beers, and you rolled over and started humping me! Give a guy a break." He stretched a simple, moss-green t-shirt over his head, pulling the thin cotton with a furious rush. "And besides, I still managed to make you come a few times!"

"They need to patent that tongue of yours," she agreed.

"Can we stop talking about the one time I couldn't perform to your satisfaction?"

"It's not that you didn't-" she protested.

"Or shall I bring up the time you fell asleep during sex?"

"Hey! Not fair! I was on painkillers after that dental surgery and-" The look on his face made her shut up. He was right. Not fair. "Fine. Truce." The quick kiss they shared righted the world. The steamy gurgle from the kitchen made it all even better.

Sitting at her-their-kitchen table, sipping from breast-shaped mugs Darla had given Josie as a gag birthday gift ("Mama won them in an online sweepstakes contest. You should have seen the molded chocolates that came with them!"), she sighed with contentment. And then she ruined the moment.

"I need your help in convincing Mike and Dylan to sit down and talk with Trevor and Joe."

Alex's surprised look quickly turned to confusion. "What the hell would those four have in common? Oh..." His voice went low and his eyes registered suspicion. "What are you up to? Is this some stunt for Good Things Come in Threes?"

"No! It's not a stunt. It's more that Laura's so lost lately, and even though she's happy and life is better now that Jillian's out of the infant phase, it seems like she needs to talk to someone who's in the same kind of unique relationship."

"I'm not connecting the dots."

"She and Darla are getting together for lunch at Jeddy's."

"And you want Mike and Dylan to have lunch with Trevor and Joe? Joe? The kid is an inscrutable blowhard ass**le-"

"You still can't let go of the fact that you smashed your face into a parking sign because you saw me touching him."

She expected protest, not: "Damn right I can't. Fucker."

"Alex! You're still jealous? I was touching his heart surgery scar at Darla's insistence! He was shirtless and we were on the porch and you and I were broken up and-"

His face had gone bright red and his fingers floated up to the tiny scar along his eye. It had been nearly a year and yet...

"It's not jealousy in the traditional sense. You never dated him, never kissed him, never...but in that moment I was so lost without you, and running past your house-no matter how juvenile-was a way to connect with you. And then to run past and see you touching another man just destroyed my world."

She gave him a look of sympathy and pain. He took a long drink of his coffee and continued. "Yeah. The guy bugs me. And even if you'd never touched him and I didn't have that imprinted in my mind on top of my emotional state at the time, he's a judgmental, condescending prick anyhow. The kind of guy I couldn't stand in high school and college.'

"He's twenty-three! Half the guys I knew at that age were like that."

"Doesn't mean I like him."

Josie finished her cup of coffee and just watched Alex. His wet brown hair was close cut right now, his haircut more a function of efficiency than of fashion. Being deep into his residency as an OB-GYN and working extra shifts in the emergency room on rotation meant that any part of his life that could be simplified needed to be.

In recent months he'd taken to this principle of optimization with great zeal, and living with Josie was part of his larger plan. Then again, perhaps it was the other way around: simplifying his life was just a convenient excuse for getting her to agree to share an apartment together.

Deep brown eyes framed with impossibly long lashes turned to meet hers, troubled and smiling at the same time. Alex could do that-inhabit two distinct emotional states at the same time with comfort, okay with the ambiguity. He didn't see the world in black or white like she did. Being with him taught her, slowly, that there were shades of gray.

And not the Fifty Shades kind.

"Hold on, though-you still haven't explained why you want all the guys to meet."

"And for you to be there," she said with a breathy, breezy tone meant to sound so offhand, so casual that it was nothing, no big deal, just a-

"What?" he roared. "Why do I need to be there? I'm not in a threesome relationship!"

Silence.

"Is this your way of saying you want to add a man to"-his hands waved in the air like giant, muscled butterflies-"this? Us?"

Coffee sprayed in a fine mist out through her lips, covering the tidy kitchen table top, onto the floor, and all over poor Crackhead, who had chosen that exact moment to leave the sanctuary of his spot under the bed to make a quick foray to the food bowl.

The cat hissed and sprinted into the tiny utility closet behind where Alex sat, the door of which was open a wedge. All the brooms and mops were stored in there, and when Crackhead shot into it, a broom came out of the closet, handle first, and in slow motion Josie watched it crash into the back of Alex's head.

"Yeow! Fitz!" Crackhead's howls of outrage matched Alex's as Josie watched him leap up and hold his head. She choked on coffee and laughter.

"Crackhead!" Alex shouted, which only made the cat yowl more.

"Welcome to domestic bliss with Josie and her cat," she said quietly, putting the broom in place and carefully stepping up on Alex's abandoned chair to kiss the top of his head. "And only Josie and her cat. Crackhead is the only third party in this house, thank you."

He looked up at her, rubbing his injured spot, eyebrows high. Standing on tiptoes, he reached for a kiss.

"That's a threesome I'll take. Me and two pussies. Isn't that every man's dream?"

She swatted him on the back of his head.

"Hey! Injured party here!"

"Now you're definitely going to lunch with Mike and Dylan and Trevor and Joe."

"I think you need more men in there. Four more and we have a baseball team."

"Consider yourself the moderator."

"Of what?"

"Of relationships we'll never understand."

"I'm an expert on that one." He stepped away before she could swat him again.

Trevor

Joe was being a prick all the time these days, and Trevor was struggling to understand why. The two of them had met Darla more than a year ago, when he'd gotten high on peyote and found himself more than six hundred miles from home, na**d and carrying a guitar, a lonely hitchhiker on an Ohio highway.

And Darla had been crazy enough to offer him a ride.

Right now? She was riding him. The three were one hot, sweaty mess of arms and fingers, sighs and moans, the slow, deep friction of sharing Darla like a slow song you dance to by rocking your h*ps in tune to a sultry beat that never hurries, that takes its time.

That savors.

But Joe was being a jerk.

Home from law school and working on the band, he was surly with Darla and only seemed to chill when they were having sex. All three of them.

Which was right now.

God, Darla was so hot. Lush and sweet and ripe, with eyes that invited you to come and play. Come have fun. Come let loose.

Just...come. He had a permanent hard-on whenever he was around her, and no amount of sex satisfied it.

Joe seemed to be the same way, except he resented the fact that Trevor lived in the same city as Darla. Tough shit, dude. You chose to go to law school in Philadelphia. Not my fault I live closer to her and get the benefit of all her pent-up need for you.

How could you have a girlfriend like that and still be an uptight ass**le? Joe managed to do it somehow, and while Trevor had been easygoing about plenty of things in his long-running friendship and now, er...whateverthefuck you called this "relationship," he was sick and tired of Joe's bullshit. Calling him on it was well past being overdue.

But not right now when they were both, quite literally, inside Darla. You couldn't share a body in that kind of close proximity and-

"Oh, Trev, right there," she moaned. How she knew which man was in which place was a mystery to him, but one he didn't spend many brain cells on, at least right now, because if he had any brain cells they were all congregated in the tip of his dick, and the rest were inside his balls, ready to rocket-ship out of his body and into hers.

Darla's fevered face was over him, completely absorbed in her own pleasure. He stared, transfixed, always turned on by watching her enjoy herself. It was a feeling he didn't know existed, or at least hadn't experienced, until he'd met her. Touched her. Teased and tasted her, and gotten intimate with her. You could have plenty of sex without intimacy, he'd realized recently. But the letting someone inside your head and heart was so much better than just letting them touch your body.

And when you could do all three, it was f**king awesome.

His back arched as he slid slowly in and out of her, Joe behind Darla, their bodies mingled together, sweat making them slippery. Darla clenched so hard around his c**k that he couldn't move even if he wanted to, and his body surged, knowing she was close. Red fire shot through him and his thoughts dissipated, her soft flesh in his anxious palms, hands needing to touch whatever he could of her to cling as they both-all three, actually-fell off the cliff into the cavern of climactic bliss.

This was what it felt like to be complete.

He needed them both right here, right now, and especially Darla right f**king there.

She cried out both their names. The sound of her hoarse, uncontrolled release made him come, the three of them turning into nothing but surging muscle and spasming need, thrusts and friction and joy in one tangled bunch of limbs, curves and hard lines like a relief map of f**king amazing sex, and as Trevor rooted himself inside Darla and she crashed and crashed and crashed like waves hitting a breaker wall, a series of thoughts shot through his mind:

This is what love feels like. Not inside your heart or mind, but on your skin, musky and slick with fibers buzzing and grasping.

This is what love tastes like. Salty and free, sweet and sassy, like an orgasm on the tongue.

This is what love sounds like. His name, shattering the huffing cloud of sighs and groans, called out by a throat so perfect he could only answer Darla's calls with a kiss to that soft spot on her neck.

This is what love is.

Everything was more complete with Joe there, but they didn't talk about that, either. Love and Joe occupied two very distinct parts of Trevor's brain, like the two elements were radioactive when they got anywhere near each other, so he kept them in lead-lined box inside his head.

He couldn't deny it, though. Had stopped fighting it, mostly. Feeling whole left him with a kind of bliss that made the three of them a force of nature that no one defined except them. And that was good enough for Trevor.

Darla began to fidget, his clue that she was done and ready to cuddle. Sliding out of her made him shudder, just once, the final impulses of electrical power elicited by sex crawling out of his dick.

Now he was done, and as Joe took his place on her left side, Trevor on her right, the three settled into what he'd come to think of as The Movie Shot. Imagining them from above, suspended in space, he figured they looked like a group of twenty-somethings who were well f**ked and damn pleased with themselves.

As they should be.

And yet Joe never was.

"That was amazing," Trevor said preemptively, as if he could control the mood by saying something first that would be positive. Like starting conversation on a good note would neutralize anything negative that Joe might say.

Didn't work.

"That's what you get all the time while I'm in Philly." The words felt like a cold bucket of ice water all over Trevor's body, and he hadn't signed up to take the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge.

Darla squeezed Trevor's thigh with a warning, but also a tacit statement of agreement that Joe was being an ass**le.

"Whenever you come home, we're here," she whispered in Joe's ear, loud enough for Trevor to hear, but it was too late. His entire body had gone rigid with suppressed rage. Way to ruin a nice moment, he thought. Then again, Joe was good at that.

He was pretty much the expert, in fact.

"'Home'? This shithole is home?"

"You lived in this shithole before, so what happened? It doesn't meet your new, snooty Philly standards?" The words ripped out of Trevor's mouth before he could help it. And Darla's hand on his thigh couldn't stop him, either.

Joe just snorted and snuggled in with Darla more. Trevor didn't feel jealousy the way Joe seemed to, but the combination of the sneering words and taking casual advantage of her nice, wet, warm body made Trevor sit up and slice the air with quick movement, eyes burning a hole through Joe's head.

"C'mon. You can't take a joke?" Joe's taunt raised Trevor's anger level from rage to explosive, and he didn't do explosive. Darla could sense it, too-he knew from the way the corners of her mouth turned down, and how her green eyes went stormy, that this was as bad as he thought.

He couldn't calm down. Couldn't chill, couldn't back off, either. Always the appeaser, and generally willing to give himself a few seconds of distance between hearing one of Joe's wisecracks and reacting to it, he was out of patience.

Finally.

"Fuck you, Joe," Trevor ground out like he was chewing rusty nails. There went the shine off the afterglow. Pfft. Gone in one quick sentence.

"Nope. Sorry. All f**ked out. Darla took care of that."

Trevor's breathing was labored, the whoosh of air being pushed in and out by fury as loud as a tornado rushing through his ears. Darla peeled Joe off her and sat up, eyes wide with alarm. He could feel the hair on his body stand on end, as if that same electrical current that had just fueled so much passion moments ago had gone rogue, now turning dangerous. Destructive.

Lethal.

He wasn't going to really kill Joe, of course. But if he could murder that f**ker's sense of entitlement, self-importance, and most of all, the little troll of extraordinary negativity that inhabited Joe like a parasite, then maybe he'd get somewhere.

Because he just couldn't take it anymore.

"How in the hell are you so jealous?" he spat out, knowing it would make Joe take the bait. "We share. We're a threesome. That comes with the territory of what we are, together. You're not supposed to be like this when you choose to be with me and Darla, you ass**le."

A few beats of silence. Trevor stared, hard, at Joe's face, searching for a crack. A fissure. Some hint that Joe felt something.

"Not jealous. Just stating the facts," Joe said, calmly stretching his carved abs, arms reaching up for the pillow beneath his head, Darla involuntarily turning to watch. Joe was dark and tanned, compact and marbled, while Trevor was tall and blond, with more bulk on him. Darla said she loved having her yin and yang, her men as different as could be, giving her everything she needed.

And Trevor had to agree that the three of them worked well together, like puzzle pieces that fit perfectly, but there was a fourth person in the room right now. Joe's negativity was an unwanted, interfering stalker, like an ex who can't let go.

The blase attitude Joe exuded was completely manufactured, Trevor knew. He was faking it.

Joe faked lots of things.

Trevor knew how to make him be real, though. And that was the most dangerous thing he could do right now-make Joe emotionally vulnerable. Being in an intimate relationship with someone meant you knew every single one of their soft spots, and there was a tacit agreement that you just do not-ever-poke those spots with anything sharp.

Joe had broken that agreement, except the sharp thing he poked with was his tongue. And not in the good kind of way.

"Hey, guys, don't do this," Darla pleaded. Her voice held a gentle tone that made two layers of anger melt off Trevor's body. Unfortunately, Joe had made seventeen more appear.

"Don't do what? I'm not doing anything," Joe replied. "Trevor's the one doing it. I'm sitting here enjoying my first weekend with you guys in three weeks and he's being an ass**le."

"I'm the ass**le?" Trevor shouted, arms flying forward, hands clenched, an instinctive response. Joe just stretched again, the gesture a little too practiced. Trevor knew Joe was just as on alert, as primed for a ripping fight, and that knowledge made him unleash.

"Yep," Joe said.

Darla put one hot, dry palm on Trevor's chest, her sweet pressure making him tingle all over, but it wasn't enough. "Let's go out for coffee and talk," she declared, as if it were a done deal, as if she could paper over the fact that-

"You want out?" Trevor challenged. "You want to break this up?"

The room turned to ice. Darla's jaw dropped and her mouth made a little O of shock that made Trevor's balls crawl up into his groin.

Shit. He'd said it.

He'd finally f**king said it.

And man, did he wish he could take it back.

Because Joe suddenly wasn't so casual anymore. All the color had drained from Joe's face, and it gave him a sickly, nothing-to-lose look, his face all hard angles and his lips tight with steely fury.

Whatever came out of his mouth next would change life as they knew it.

Leave it to Darla to interrupt, of course. "Don't you dare say one word, Joe!" she said in a harsh voice, her tone high and thin, panicked and desperate. "You two are insufferable, and I won't let you keep doing this. You're going with me to lunch tomorrow and talking to Mike and Dylan about-"

"What?" he and Joe shouted in unison, the first time they'd had the same reaction to anything since, well...since they'd met Darla.

She wasn't backing down, though. Her br**sts bobbed hypnotically as she gestured wildly, and all Trevor could think about, suddenly, was how those ni**les tightened with the lightest whisper of touches, how the heft of those globes filled his hands-overfilled them-as if they were made for holding. Like an ornament, but one that was warm and willing. An image of a baby snuggled up tight against her chest flashed through his mind, and he shook his head like a dog that got wet, banishing the unexpected intrusion.

What the f**k? Where did that thought come from?

"You two are like old Boyd and Jersey back home," she spat out with disgust. Trevor was only half paying attention, his brain buzzing from what he'd just been thinking.

"Oh, great," Joe drawled in a fake Southern accent that sounded more like a drunk German pretending to speak Chinese. "We git ourselves zome hometown good-ole-boy ztories!"

Darla's face fell into a mask of cold anger. "You sound like Hitler on acid when you do that. I do not sound like that."

"You sound close enough."

"No, she doesn't," Trevor added, coming to her defense. Her accent was slight. Not as broad as it had been when she'd moved to Boston to join them. It wasn't even that there was a strong difference in how they pronounced words, but more her lazy use of grammar, her little colloquial sayings, and the tendency to drop the "g" at the ends of words when she got excited or upset.

As her voice became more cultured he found himself wistful for the broad, open mouth she'd had when they met.

Except right now that mouth was aimed at him and Joe, and boy was she letting 'er rip.

"Yes, she does." Joe stood abruptly and threw on a pair of jeans, tucking his junk down so he didn't pull a There's Something About Mary moment and zip himself in pain.

"No, she-wait!" Trevor barked, eyes on Darla's face this time, tempting as her tits were. "We're not sitting at a table across from Thor and Angry Firefighter and pouring out our feelings and shit."

"I never said that's what you'd-"

Joe and Trevor snorted at the same time, the sound like melody and harmony, in perfect tune. Darla was outnumbered here. Whatever plan she was hatching was so outrageous that Trevor couldn't even fathom why she'd want him and Joe to get together with-

Ah. Got it.

"You think because they're in a threesome we need to have a therapy session with some old dudes who have been there, done that, fallen off the bed during DP and have the scars to prove it?"

This time Joe snorted alone.

"Because I am not talking about what we do with anyone. This is us. This is private. This is"-Trevor's hands twitched and curled into questioning fists-"this is whatever it is, but it's not something anyone else has. It doesn't need to be analyzed or dissected or picked apart, damn it." His voice went low. "And besides, why the hell would two billionaires give a f**king shit about what their employee's boyfriends do?"

He expected Darla to pause, to be shocked into silence, to do anything but what she did next. "See? See there? Right there? Boyfriends. Zzzzz. With an 's.' Who in the ever-loving hell has boyfriends? And I don't mean the women who f**k two men in serial-I mean who f**ks men in parallel and has a relationship that's all about balance and meeting two men's needs while-" Her voice hitched and she stopped, eyes shining with unspilled tears, and Trevor's heart folded in on itself in that moment.

Fuck.

"So"-she sniffed, a sob in her throat so loud it made Joe and Trevor share a look of worry-"forgive me for wanting you to talk to the only two f**king human beings on the planet who might have a goddamned clue what to do and how to be like this. It ain't working right now with Joe's jealousy."

"I'm not-"

"And quit denying you're jealous, because you walk around like a puckered butthole that just got bleached and treated to road rash," she added.

Trevor's anus clenched involuntarily at her words. The woman could use vocabulary the way martial artists used nunchucks-with great skill, well-honed instinct, and ruthless efficiency.

Joe's look almost made Trevor laugh, and he would have if he weren't filled with a swirl of emotion. Too many things were being thrown out there like emotional debris after a wrecking ball hit the wrong building, and being na**d and watching Darla's lush, creamy nude body in the middle of the chaos didn't help either. Trevor had a limit, and it had been reached in every possible way-emotionally, sexually, physically.

Joe spoke. "You can be such a-" The room turned to a freezer. Joe was about to call Darla a name, and Trevor jumped in front of her as if he needed to physically shield her, protect her from the B-word, as if he could take it into his own chest and let his body act as armor against what he knew Joe was about to unleash and could never, ever take back.

"-busybody!" Joe ground out. He flinched as Trevor appeared in front of him, and Darla's hand on Trevor's back was shaking. She squeezed. Did she expect it, too? When had the world become so charged, so unsafe? They were each other's sanctuary, the three of them, and somehow everything spiraled out of control within minutes of sharing their bodies and hearts.

Weren't you supposed to be able to share until the outer limits of what defined you were stretched beyond recognition, yet still come back more whole than ever before? Wasn't that the entire point of love?

"Why are you jumping in front of her like a spider monkey on crack?" Joe snapped. "You're acting like I'm some sort of...like I was going to..." His brows knitted in confusion and pain. "What the f**k did you think I was about to do, Trev?" He planted his hands on his h*ps and took a deep breath, the power of his chest expanding in a way that felt threatening suddenly.

Trevor moved closer, eyes boring into Joe's. "I thought you were about to lash out at her and do something you'd regret."

All the anger in Joe drained out of him, leaving eyes that were bleak and vulnerable. It made Trevor go cold with regret.

"Darla," Joe said softly, "do you think I'd...do that? Hurt you?"

"God, no. Not physically! No!" Trevor rushed to explain. "You just look like-"

"No." Darla's single word thundered through the room, the declaration a thunderclap of certainty that Trevor welcomed. He and Joe shuddered, as if her word recalibrated them, and Trevor felt his body tense in one big, long chain of muscles, like an orgasm without sex, as if he clenched and realigned every bone, every muscle, each tendon and fiber now back in place.

She had that effect on them.

And only Darla could do that.

"You can make fun of me for being a hick," she said, holding up a hand to stem the inevitable protest that Joe started to put up, "and you can be a crabby jerk because you're too uptight to admit that you hate law school and hate the life you've chosen at Penn, but don't know how to find your way out of the straightjacket of your parents' expectations for you," she said to Joe in a calm, slow, deliberate voice that made her seem timeless and wizened, mature and all-knowing. It made Trevor relaxed and self-conscious at the same time.

"But," she added, eyes combing over Joe, then Trevor, then back to Joe. The gooseflesh she left on Trevor's body came from the timbre of her voice, the cadence of a rock-hard declaration that neither of them dared challenge. "But-you do not get to ruin what we have just because you're afraid of what you don't know." Her eyes flashed and flicked between the two of them. I mean you too, she was saying to Trevor.

And he knew it.

"We're going to Jeddy's tomorrow," she said, pulling on Harvard-logo yoga pants and one of Trevor's oversized flannel shirts, eyes locked on Joe while she did the buttons. "And you'll sit across the table from Mike and Dylan and ask them how the f**k they figured this shit out ten years ago when they met their first woman. Because those two know something. They know something you two don't."

"What's that?" Joe croaked out. It made Trevor cringe.

"They know what it's like to fall in love in all the weird ways love gives you, and they know what it's like to have it all taken away not by someone's stupidity, but by the cruel randomness of cancer."

Trevor just blinked.

"They lost Jill and didn't have a choice. And then they got a second chance with Laura. Look at 'em. A happy family."

Trevor flashed back to the image of a baby at Darla's breast, and he held his breath. Her green eyes caught his, one corner of her mouth crooking up as if she read his mind.

"You want...that?" Joe choked out.

Trevor and Darla both looked at him. Trevor's mind seized up.

Darla took two, three, four measured breaths, unhurried and unworried, her placid outer self scaring Trevor more than anything she was about to say.

And then:

"I don't want...this. Which means you two had better go talk with Mike and Dylan and figure out how they manage to have a strong threesome relationship without making everyone feel like an obstacle. Going through life feeling like you're doing something wrong all the time with the people you're supposed to be most attached to isn't my idea of living."

And with that, she shut the door quietly, leaving Trevor and Joe in complete silence.

They were both holding their breath.

Alex

How Josie talked him into this one would remain a mystery. Jeddy's was Jeddy's, the cracked red vinyl seats and the veneer-topped Formica tables still the same. Alex knew that Madge was fighting her grandson, Caleb, tooth and nail over every change he tried to make, because during the dinners he had with his grandpa and Madge, he heard about it.

Ad infinitum. She was eighty-four years old, had just weathered a heart attack this year, and kept his grandfather, Ed, busy with a sex life that Alex preferred not to know about. She also cared for Ed with such grace and tenderness that it made Alex tear up-in an entirely manly way, of course-to see how love could extend into the outer decades of life with a depth and authenticity that he hoped to have one day with Josie.

Who was currently grousing about his taking more room in her pantry than was fair.

"It's not like your food is bigger than mine," she hissed as they picked a booth. "It's just that you buy more and are hogging the space. I have to keep cereal on top of the fridge now, and I hate that. It's a little too Seinfeld for me," she added as Madge approached them with what passed for a smile these days.

"How are my two favorite lovebirds?" Madge asked. Alex stood and folded in half to give her a hug, his hands pressing into her back and measuring the change. Madge had lost weight since her cardiac episode, and Ed had asked Alex if he could recommend the absolute best cardiologist in Boston to make sure "his Madge" was around at least for the rest of Ed's life.

At least.

Alex had assured his grandpa that Madge already had the best of the best, but the fear in Ed's eyes had been so haunting it kept him up at night, staring at the ceiling fan in Josie's-now their-bedroom on the rare nights he wasn't stuck at the hospital.

Love might conquer all, but mortality was an interfering bitch.

And no matter how hard he tried, medical science couldn't beat death. But it could give it a run for its money.

"We're roommates now," Josie complained, standing slowly to give Madge a hug, too. She wasn't the affectionate type with anyone but him, and he always noticed the look in Josie's eyes when social niceties like hugs and handshakes were called for, as if she knew there was a protocol but couldn't quite nail the sequence. When his own mother, Meribeth, swept into a room with kisses and hugs, Josie looked like a helpless foreigner drop-shipped into a new country with an alphabet you couldn't even read.

Mom accepted it as she did everything-with equanimity and a tiny dose of worry for Alex.

"You're shacking up. Deal with it. Let yourself be happy. Your friend Laura manages it somehow, and she's got to please two men," Madge said after Josie gave her an anemic embrace. Alex watched Madge's swift movements, the coffee appearing before them as if conjured by a magic spell, a tiny tray of miniature deserts proffered before them.

"Yeah, but she's got two billionaires."

Alex pretended to be offended. "You want me to turn into a billionaire? I would think being a physician would be enough of a superpower."

"Pffft." The sound Josie made was distinctly unfeminine. "I've worked with hundreds of doctors over the years. You're all extremely human. Some are even subhuman. Give you a scalpel and you might be God for a few hours, but you all snore and drool and hog cabinet space like us mere mortals."

"I don't think you're quite human, Josie," Madge declared. "Look at that plate of delicious new desserts Caleb made. How can someone sit here and have that in front of their face and ignore it?"

Josie's eyes narrowed, making Alex laugh. She was so suspicious, and he knew her cranky outer shell just hid a soft, tender underbelly of vulnerability. "What are these? They look like little lobster cakes."

"They are!" Madge cracked in a South Boston accent, the words coming out sound like she'd said "They ah!"

"Red cake with..."

"It's pureed strawberries in a rich white cake, baked in little lobster molds, then filled with a vanilla amaretto cream." "Lobster" sounded like "lobstah" coming from her mouth.

"What's the glaze in the little cup next to it?" Alex asked. Each lobster cake had a little Boston Red Sox flag stabbed into the head.

"Toffee-caramel sauce-see how it looks like drawn butter?" Madge demonstrated for them, picking up a lobster and dunking its head in the sauce, then munching happily. The cake was headless, one claw hanging by a thin thread of confection.

Josie imitated Madge, and as her tongue poked out between her lips, mouth stretching into a smile of anticipation, Alex felt something in him harden and soften at the same time.

God, he loved her.

She moaned. "This is so good!" As she bit down, a rush of cream from the cake's center coated her lip, making the hard part of him even harder as she licked it away.

God, he wanted her.

Instead of reaching across the table and f**king her right there next to the little jukebox screwed into the wall above the salt and pepper shakers, he grabbed a cake, dipped the entire damn thing in sauce, and shoved it into his mouth, chewing furiously, hoping the blood that would be diverted to his digestive tract would lessen his raging erection.

Then his taste buds kicked in. The combination of thick, lush cake, the almond flavor of the amaretto, and the viscous toffee assaulted the pleasure centers in his brain, stomach engaged, salivary enzymes kicked into overdrive, the groan of gustatory ecstasy as involuntary as his hard-on.

"Jesus, tell Caleb he's outdone himself," Alex muttered as he and Josie both reached for the only remaining lobster on the plate.

Oh, no.

This would not end well. He normally deferred to her, but this was primal. His stomach growled; he'd come to the diner hungry and ready for lunch, and, unlike Josie, he couldn't eat a few bites of something and be temporarily sated. Once his stomach had a single bite of food in it he needed to have enough for a full meal immediately.

There was no turning back. Her eyes flashed as she reached for the lobster, but he beat her to it.

And then she snatched the ramekin of toffee-caramel sauce.

They were at an impasse.

And neither would back down.

Madge cackled. "He's got another tray of them in the back, you two. No need to launch World War III over a stupid piece of cake." She popped the other half of her piece into her mouth and munched happily.

"We'd like a dozen for here, and a dozen to go," Alex said, not moving, eyes tracking Josie, who lifted the cup of sauce to her lips and pretended to suck at it. She became increasingly X-rated in her movements and he shifted uncomfortably in his seat, his blood obviously tormenting him. It did not cooperate and flee his groin for his stomach, but instead filed in an orderly fashion from root to tip, making his shaft throb with unmet need.

Two nights now of overnight shifts at the hospital. This was the first time he'd seen Josie for nearly three days.

And they had to spend it talking with other people about their sex lives. Threesome sex lives. Josie had spelled it out clearly: he would "facilitate" the conversation between Mike, Dylan, Trevor, and Asshole.

Er, Joe.

A tray of these cakes would make it easier. Maybe if he sank into a sugar coma he could get through it. He didn't relish being shoved into the role of group therapy leader for a bunch of guys who were about as interested in being there as Josie was in becoming a submissive wife some day.

But he would do it because she had asked him-pleaded and cajoled-and sweetly explained that she was so worried about Laura and Darla that this was the only option she could think of. It was a rare flash of emotional intimacy that he craved, and as she'd unfolded before him, pure and true, he couldn't say no.

The front door creaked open, and in walked the only man he knew who was as tall as himself, followed by a flash of blond hair at his armpit, then a darker man in between their heights. The first threesome was here, and he let out a huge sigh of relief, surprised by his own reaction. For whatever reason, it was easier to talk first to Mike, Dylan, and Laura than to the younger group.

"Younger" made him cringe inside, because they were only seven years his junior, and yet Trevor, Darla and Ass-er, Joe-were a generation away, it seemed sometimes.

"Hey," Mike said in that casual, nearly stoic way he had, wearing the Zen of calmness so well.

Alex stood up to shake hands and realized he was still holding the lobster cake. Josie plucked it from his fingers in the split second he was distracted, then shoved it down the front of her shirt.

"Hah! Mine now."

He leaned down and murmured in her ear, "If we weren't in public I'd retrieve that with my teeth."

"Oh, really?" She took the cake out of her shirt and pretended to slip it in the front of her pants, making him belly-laugh.

Laura looked at them with an expression of curiosity and pure happiness, so pleased, he knew, that her best friend had found what he hoped was enough. Sometimes the relationship seemed a little too easy. He liked all of her friends, got along well with Darla, and Josie didn't mind living the life of a partner to a doctor who was gone most of the time.

Other than her asking him to play Dr. Phil to a group of men who didn't want to be there, his life with Josie was pretty damn perfect these days. The moving-in-together business had a few bumps-mostly Josie's ego and her weird wall of fear that he would somehow smother her with love-but otherwise it was just fine.

Better than fine.

He thought that was how Laura, Mike, and Dylan lived. Fine. Better than fine. If he and Josie had an annual income bigger than that of the starting lineup for the Boston Celtics, they'd be waaaay better than fine. Aside from a mountain of student loan debt, though, their financial future looked solid enough, and he wasn't complaining.

Dylan's hand shot out, fast and strong, his grip like a vise made from titanium. Damn. Alex squared his shoulders during the handshake, drawing on core strength to match the ex-firefighter's tight clasp. Both men smiled, and Dylan's eyes flitted away, fast, as if he weren't quite convinced this meeting was a good idea.

Alex had to agree with him.

Laura gave him a warm hug that reminded him of his own mother's embraces, sweet and confident, caring and pure. You knew where you stood with them both, knew you were welcomed and appreciated exactly as you were. No pretense, no airs, no affect.

That was refreshing.

Josie was a skittish little dog by comparison when he watched her give out hugs and handshakes, her body trembling a bit, as if all the kinetic energy drained her muscles and bones to the point of the shakes, removing some essence that made her come unglued. Time would improve it, he hoped, but it pained him to watch her struggle with something so casual and social, a little bit of protocol that he didn't think twice about. Someone's arms opened and you went in for the brief connection. A kiss on the cheek was a nice gesture. A handshake was a hello.

But for her, it all seemed to be land mines. When they were done, he would take her back to her-their-apartment and fix her a drink, and they would succumb to a few episodes of whatever new season of television she'd discovered, binge watching on the couch until their imaginations were full of someone else's life, one easier to digest and analyze. Her nervousness would be purged and he would touch her in ways that charged her batteries, deepened their intimacy, and made life more comfortable for her.

An island of two.

That was for later, though. Right now, he had reluctant alpha men he was supposed to corral into some sort of pseudo-therapy masquerading as lunch. And he had to act like he liked it. One cheesy grin coming up.

"You having a stroke, Alex?" Madge cracked as she settled Mike, Laura, and Dylan in the booth next to him and Josie. "You look like an altar boy who just drank all the communion wine."

The group laughed and he let them, though Josie gave him the side eye. "Just smiling," he said in as bland a tone as possible. The tip of Josie's toe bounced against his shin. She fidgeted like this when she got nervous, and mistook his leg for part of the table.

"Cut it out, then," Madge said. "You look creepy."

"I look creepy when I smile?"

"When you smile like that."

The grin faded all too quickly as the front door jingled, opened by three people, two of whom he liked and one he could do without.

"Josie!" Darla squealed as she rushed in and took over the room. Her eyes were big and wide as she looked around Jeddy's.

"You act like you've never been here," Josie said, taking in Darla.

"Not in the daylight, and not sober. Is the food good? Last time we were here I was so drunk I thought I ordered deep-fried Kit Kats dipped in tartar sauce."

"You did," Madge said dryly.

"And you let her?" Alex asked.

Madge shrugged. "Can't stop stupid. If I did, we wouldn't have two-thirds of our customers." She gave Dylan a hard look that made him do a double take.

"What does that look mean?" he asked.

"Whatever you want it to mean," she said sweetly. A little too sweetly, while patting Dylan gently on the cheek and then marching away to seat an eight-top group that had just come in.

Dylan gave everyone perplexed looks. "Why does she pick on me?"

Darla scooched in next to Josie and flashed Dylan a grin. "I've heard she only does that if she secretly likes you."

"Or is preparing to use you in a ritual druidic ceremony as a blood sacrifice," Mike deadpanned.

"Not sure which is worse," Dylan mumbled.

Laura elbowed him playfully in the ribs. "Hi, Darla!" she said with a chirp that was a little too friendly. Alex gave Trevor a nod and a wave, then extended the same courtesy to Joe, who hovered above the group, stiff as a board and with a face you could turn into a kitchen counter. It was polished granite, without a trace of personality, and hard as could be.

And where all the worst messes took place.

Trevor, on the other hand, was all friendly smiles and handshakes, though Alex sensed a bit of apprehension in him as well. Darla's voice was just a notch too loud, half a standard deviation off center, just nervous enough to make him wonder what in the hell these six (seven, including Josie) expected from today's talks.

He knew one thing, though: they expected great food. And would get it.

Madge cruised by. "No need for menus. I have Caleb cooking up a collection of everything."

"Everything?" the group intoned together, then laughed. All except Joe, who just stood there, bugging Alex more and more by the second.

"Everything you could want," Madge added. "Coconut shrimp, our new strawberry lobsters, the toffee pistachio crepes..."

Laura pretended to wipe drool from her mouth. "Yum."

"And the same old crappy coffee." Madge slid a series of carafes and white mugs their way, followed by a practiced swish of the hand as she sailed two pitchers of cream on the tables like a champion shuffleboard player.

"How do you do that?" Laura asked. Alex dug into his coffee, needing whatever fortification he could have for what was coming.

"Do what?"

"Slide it down the table so not one drop of cream is wasted."

"Practice. Lots of practice." Madge winked and disappeared. The scent of something garlicky wafted through the restaurant, followed by a distinct fryolater sound, like hot oil being breached by an ascending whale.

"That woman is a machine," Mike said in admiration.

Alex frowned slightly, then tried to shake it off, but Laura-always perceptive-caught the micro-change in him. She reached for his hand and frowned. "What? I know she had a heart attack recently..."

He didn't want to violate Madge's privacy, so he played it simple. "She's fine." His shaky smile must have been as bad as Madge had thought, because Laura's look of alarm didn't make matters any better.

"Is she in bad shape?" Laura asked, persistent. The tone of their private conversation must have been such that it set everyone on edge, because suddenly more sets of eyes were on him. Darla sat next to Josie across from him, and Trevor next to her. Joe stood at the end of the booth, while Mike had sat next to Alex. Laura and Dylan were right behind them, in the low booths, her neck twisted.

"Nothing more than simple age. She isn't immortal. None of us is."

"That old bat will outlive Jillian," Dylan said, clear as a bell. Darla snickered and Trevor looked a bit confused, picking up a sweetener packet and worrying it with thickly calloused fingers.

Joe looked like a giant slab of polished iron.

"She might," Alex agreed. "I think my grandfather will have something to say about that, though. The two of them have plans for how they want to die."

Josie went a bit pale at Alex's words and buried her face in her coffee cup.

Laura picked up on that, too, her head ping-ponging between him and Josie. "What? Say it." She bore down on Josie, who looked like she wanted to turn into a million tiny pieces and disappear on the wind. She kicked but missed his ankle.

"Ow!" Mike yelped, reaching down. "Wrong leg."

"Sorry. You both feel like you're part of the table underneath."

"That's what she said," Dylan drawled.

Everyone groaned.

Except Joe.

Joe

Five more minutes. Joe would give this farce five more minutes and then he'd march right out of here and go to the Thai place he loved down the street, stuff his face with noodles and chicken, and go back to the apartment to play with his bass and master the newest song in the Random Acts of Crazy set.

Not stare at Dr. Perfect Who Hated His Guts, the Secret Billionaires and their hot blonde, and Darla and Josie, yammering at each other like litter mates.

With big old surfer boy Trevor acting like some dopey teen out of a bad '80s sitcom they laughed at in reruns on Nickelodeon.

"Well," Josie said, stretching the word out. Why didn't she have the same accent as Darla? Joe wondered. "Ed told us that he and Madge plan to jump out of a plane and-I believe his exact words were-"

"Fuck like bunnies," Alex said, miserable as the table exploded with laughter.

"Without parachutes," Josie concluded. Joe gave a weak smile. Ha ha. How cute. Whatever. Old people smelled like rose-water and grease, and he avoided them as much as possible. Both sets of his grandparents had died when he was a toddler, so Madge was the equivalent of an alien life form to him.

Though na**d f**king stunt diving sounded pretty rad. Add in a camera and a Twitch.tv streaming channel and it might be cool.

Darla had dragged them all here to talk with Mike and Dylan, and aside from thinking maybe-just maybe-he could salvage his time by being able to name-drop in a law clerk interview, or talk about scandal on a golf course, this afternoon was a complete time-sucking waste of air and thought.

At least he would get a piece of Jeddy's Boston cream pie. That was his only solace.

Happy f**king weekend break. These people were about as interesting as reading case law on transportation codes. In German.

Every single emotion he was capable of feeling had become unwoven, like a thick tapestry that turned into each individual thread, held in place by the memory of once having been intertwined with the others, but now free and unmoored. He carried inside himself a vague sense of once being able to live, day in and day out, within the chosen borders of this relationship with Darla and Trevor, but now...

He was just a pile of thread. A loose pile that added up to nothing solid.

Not that anyone could know that, though. These f**kers wouldn't make him talk about his pussified feelings, or-God forbid-get him to talk about how he felt so misunderstood, or make him into some new-agey confessional star like those dumbass television shows his mother adored. No way.

Somewhere in the Century of Selfies, society had gone off the rails, and Darla went right along for the ride, insisting he and Trevor join her in this lunch date, where she expected them to sit across from the human equivalent of a redwood and an Italian boxer dude who was half Rocky, half Joe Manganiello.

Was this how it would go? The three women would sit in one booth and breathlessly talk and joke about the five men in the other booth, segregated by gender like sixth-grade health class?

Not his idea of how he wanted to spend a precious weekend afternoon. In fact, he'd rather listen to his mother drone on about the latest research in medical genomics and how it related to his heart condition. His fingers involuntarily reached up and stroked the barest line of scar that he could feel through one layer of cotton. Most of the time he forgot about it, only three months old when the open-heart surgery took place.

His mom lived with it on the surface, as if she had been ripped open then, too. Except she'd never formed a scar. It was a sucking chest wound that lived outside her body. But that wasn't Joe's fault.

Why was he even thinking about this? His eyebrows twitched, and he felt the frown contract his muscles before he could control it. Darla picked up on the tiny change in his expression and tilted her head, trying to read him like tea leaves in the bottom of a cup.

"You okay?" she asked. He let his eyes close halfway, his only public reaction to the rush of oh, shit inside him, because all conversation ground to a halt, seven sets of eyes on him suddenly.

A whoosh of air behind him and there was that old waitress, delivering an impossibly large tray of food that made his salivary glands kick in.

Make that eight.

"You're the only thing standing between a plate or ten of coconut shrimp and that table, bud," Madge said. He moved swiftly, hands in his pockets, feeling like an obstacle. An obstruction.

An outsider.

The tray landed on the edge of the booth where Darla, Trevor, Josie, Alex, and Mike sat, and he watched as the old lady unloaded that food with such efficiency she might as well be a robot. Too bad his stomach had become a grinding mass of crushed glass and rusty nails, all churning in the flesh equivalent of a cement mixer.

"I'm fine," he said pointedly to Darla, answering her earlier question, as the waitress disappeared so fast she might as well have teleported herself across the restaurant. Darla, though, ignored him, her mouth hanging open, one hand waving air into it as she bit into a steaming piece of coconut shrimp that was obviously burning her mouth.

Joe reached for Trevor's wet glass of ice water and held it out to her. Grateful eyes met his as she gulped it down.

"Danks," she said. "I dink I burd my tug."

Dylan's laughter from the other booth was so loud, so raucous and unfiltered, that it seemed to help Joe's stomach unclench just enough to feel a moment of amusement, too. "That happens here," Dylan said, turning to look at Darla, who made a pouty face. "Occupational hazard."

"Occupational?" His voice surprised him. His smile surprised him more as he and Dylan looked at each other. "You guys professional diners now?"

"Something like that," Laura said, interrupting the flow while waving a fork that had what appeared to be a cheese-stuffed mushroom on it. "If I could do this for a living, I would."

But you can, Joe thought, but didn't say. Two billionaires and she couldn't just sit around and eat whatever she wanted, sampling the finest Boston-hell, the world-had to offer? Instead of doing that, she chose to run a threesome dating service where Darla and Josie worked?

Women. More complicated than, well...transportation code case law.

But infinitely more interesting. When he looked at Darla, that grinding cesspool inside his gut loosened just a little. Some day, he'd give her everything she wanted.

Unless it involved sitting at a booth and talking about his feelings with these men.

"How about we reconfigure?" Laura said in a voice that was both sweetness and light, and honed steel. There was no arguing with her, and the men stood, shuffling over to where Dylan sat, Laura picking up her plate and moving next to Josie, across from Darla. The other booth was bigger, U-shaped, and he waited until all the other guys were in place-Mike and Dylan in the middle, Trevor to Dylan's left, Alex to Mike's right-before grabbing a chair and turning it backwards, straddling it.

If he were just a tinge more paranoid he'd check the exits so he'd know where to bolt in the event of a true emotional meltdown.

And then his eyes did it.

Telling Darla he loved her, sexting and coming back for long weekends where the three of them went into the world they created, jamming with the band and coming back on long train rides for performances-those were part of the flow of life.

He didn't want to scrutinize who they were, what they were, too much, because then you had to pop that dome of perfection, where the three of them lived as if everything they did were right and okay.

As if society didn't exist.

His stomach betrayed him and growled. Alex pushed a plate of deep-fried cauliflower his way. "Try some. It's really good when you dip it in the aioli."

"Thanks." He did as suggested, and his mouth came to life. Damn. Jeddy's was a shithole he remembered from college years, and the food had been standard gut-rot back then. Cheese fries and shakes and bad coffee. Looking around as he munched, he took in the torn seats, the shabby, threadbare carpet, the stained ceiling tiles, the scuffed stainless steel edges of the main counter. The place looked like something he wouldn't set foot in. Too worn and broken for him. Too working class, too-

Authentic.

But you couldn't deny the nuanced skill of the cook in the kitchen, how the richness of what was offered contrasted with the run-down outer shell.

"This is amazing," he said as Trevor grunted in assent and shoved what must have been his fourth or fifth coconut shrimp in his mouth.

"I always forget about this place," Trev mumbled around chipmunk cheeks, then swallowed. Did the man chew?

"We practically live here," Dylan said pleasantly. "It was Laura's favorite restaurant when she was pregnant."

"And after," Mike added.

"And forever," she said from across the booth, sighing with satisfaction as the old waitress delivered a tray of what looked like tiny cannoli covered in what smelled like a maple glaze. "Thanks, Madge," she uttered through a mouthful to the old waitress.

Madge. He did a double take. The same Madge his mom talked about being here when she went to Radcliffe? That old lady must be a vampire. A second tray covered in tiny cannoli appeared like magic on their table. Trevor grabbed two and shoveled them in while the other guys took a more leisurely approach.

Joe wished his stomach would stop being so uncooperative.

Like you.

He was only doing this for Darla. She'd insisted, so angry at his jealousy. That, plus Laura was her boss. You do what the boss wants, even if you sneer behind her back while you do it. Not that Darla was like that-she really liked Laura. And so did he.

This entire lunch was the stupidest stunt he had been part of since they went to the island of Eden, though. And that place had been the epitome of stupid. And crazy.

The "I love yous" had been wonderful, and he'd thought he would come home and feel different, but instead he'd just been more forlorn. More torn.

Missed them more.

"We're supposed to talk about something," Mike said slowly, wiping his hands on a napkin and setting it neatly under his clean plate.

Joe rested his chin on his hands on the back of the chair and watched. He wasn't about to say a damn word. Not now. Not in that vast danger zone of being the first to crack. You couldn't shove a genie back in a bottle, no matter how hard you tried. His heart rubbed against one of the rods of the chair's back, a gentle pressure that grounded him.

"Sex," Dylan said as he finished off one of those cannoli.

"Sex?" Trevor choked on something, the painful sound of air being blocked triggering a weird wheeze that made Joe sit up, ramrod straight. Alex whacked him on the back and went blank, his face neutral, on complete alert in the way only a well-trained doctor could be.

Trevor made a strangled sound and then took in a huge whoop of air, eyes watering so badly Joe could see the tears run down his face as Trev dipped his head and reached for a glass of water-anyone's water-and drank it greedily, stopping only to breathe in hitched gulps.

"I'm okay," he rasped, holding up one hand to stem the expressions of concern, then hacking furiously.

"What's wrong?" Darla called out from the table next to them.

"We started to talk about sex and it made Trevor gag," Joe said quietly.

The entire group burst into laughter, making one side of Joe's mouth tip up in a reluctant grin. His heart hammered in his chest, skipping a beat here and there, otherwise pattering along at a healthy clip, his worry for Trevor fading as everything normalized into what passed for "normal" on this day.

Sex? They were going to talk about sex? He let out a huge sigh of relief. He thought they were going to talk about feelings.

Mike

Poor kids.

That was all Mike could think as he looked around the horseshoe table at Trevor and Joe. No, they weren't kids, and he remembered being twenty-three and hating being referred to as a kid. But now that he was ten-plus years out of that early adulthood phase, he couldn't help but view them as just that-kids.

Was it fair? No. Did he feel bad? Yes. He remembered that first year with Jill and Dylan, the tension between him and the cocky sonofabitch, how they were fluid and graceful, yet teeming with a swarm of emotion that didn't really settle until their third or fourth year together.

He didn't often let himself think about Jill these days, and the pang of pain that stabbed his heart was all too real. Jillian may have been her namesake, and he said the J word hundreds of times a day, but Jill was not Jillian.

And Laura was not Jill.

He had lived two different lives, truly. Before Jill. After Jill. Except it seemed unfair to Laura to call her something as simplistic as "After Jill," as if Jill were the standard by which time was marked.

Perhaps he should train his mind to think differently.

Before Laura.

After Laura.

Some part of him eased a little, a tiny obstacle removed, as the thought poured through and over him, providing a balm for a discomfort he didn't recognize, but that nonetheless had been in him, all-pervasive and omnipresent. Time was an elusive commodity these days, but even more elusive was time alone. With his thoughts. On the road, pounding out the confusion.

He hadn't gone for a run in four days, and that might as well have been an eternity for him. Coming here meant sacrificing what could have been ten miles of therapy, each footstep a confession, each stride a release.

Trevor's breathing went even just as Madge appeared with a tray of tiny red cakes shaped like lobsters, and a sundae bigger than his one-year-old daughter.

"What the hell is that?" Joe's exclamation made Mike smile. The Beefeater had cracked. Poor kid was wound tighter than a fishing line.

"It's The Orgy." Madge winked at Dylan, then dropped the grin for the two younger men. "Of all the tables to bring this to, I figured you guys would enjoy it."

Joe went pale as her words hit him. Alex tried not to laugh, while Dylan just picked up a spoon and stabbed at some kind of ice cream with peanut butter cups in it.

"Do we get an Orgy, too?" called out a voice from the other table. Darla. All five men turned in unison to find her eying Trevor and Joe with a coy innocence that made Mike, Dylan, and Alex chuckle.

Trevor and Joe just stared at her, and Mike felt less pity for him and Joe. A kindling of admiration began to form inside him. The way the three of them looked at each other gave him pause.

With no one else-ever-to talk about what he, Jill, and Dylan had created twelve years ago, he didn't have a roadmap. A pattern. A plan. They'd quite simply invented it all, from soup to nuts, those many years ago. He'd lost his parents-emotionally, for they'd cut him off when he'd finally told them the real nature of their relationship-and being left adrift like that from his family of origin had meant Dylan and Jill unfairly had to play two roles in his life, instead of the already single, complicated role they'd all chosen.

He watched Trevor return to his food, but Joe's eyes remained on Darla, the flicker of his upper lids moving, widening slightly, the only way to measure the guy's emotions. He was such a pressure cooker. Mike saw a little of himself in Joe-the self he'd been in college, a bundle of negativity stewing in itself, trying to break free but chained by his own expectations.

While Joe could easily pass for Dylan's younger brother, and Trevor was a shorter version of Mike (and that, alone, was disquieting), the personalities were swapped. Trevor was more like Dylan had been years ago, and Mike saw his former self in Joe.

God help him. The awakening that was coming-if Joe had the courage to go inward and explore the richness that the intimacy with Trevor and Darla could bring-would be a supernova. Cataclysmic and soul churning. Would Joe, Darla, and Trevor make it through to the other side?

Who knew?

Suddenly, he realized why this meeting was so important to Laura. And Darla. And especially Josie.

And it filled him with a resonating grief and comfort that made him fight back tears.

"I count twelve scoops of ice cream in there, seven sauces, four different kinds of cookies, and a bunch of Thin Mints," Darla called out as Madge shot past. "Where's my Orgy?"

Mike coughed hard, clearing his throat and covering the massive wave of emotion that threatened to render him useless today. This was harder than he'd thought. The relationship between him, Dylan, and Laura was stronger than ever, and the addition of Cyndi as a nanny had opened up time for the three of them to reconnect consistently, to get a sense of equanimity, to revel in the joy of intimacy and laughter, of sensuality and bonds that made their family so much stronger.

He never imagined he could have this back in those early days when just wanting Jill and Dylan, wanting what he wanted, was considered so subversive that, in the end, it cost him his parents.

Being true to himself had meant losing the very people who created him.

Which was a bit like losing God.

Over the years he'd tracked his parents through understanding and loving family members who either didn't know the truth about the rift, or knew and didn't care. Mom was still working and Dad had retired. Did they know about his life at all? Had the news channel stories and the newspaper articles trickled out to them?

They'd never reached out. Not once. After being raised in such a conservative, religious household he'd been frightened to tell the truth, and it turned out he'd been right.

All too right.

For them, their beliefs and faith formed a core so solid they couldn't let him be himself without it shattering their view of the world. When the two came into conflict, they'd chosen-

Not him.

Joe was going through the same thing. Mike softened, watching the younger man, knowing that the anger that simmered inside came from a deep fear of rejection. Of not meeting expectations. Of not being good enough.

Of never, ever being good enough.

Dylan hadn't been that way. Some part of him had always been casual, letting problems roll off his back, remaining more centered, more stable in the face of challenge. And Dylan's parents-as staunchly Catholic as they were-had been more understanding of the truth about Dylan, Mike, and Jill. While they hadn't been unconditionally accepting, they'd been bemused, a bit awkward, but never seeming to invalidate their son for simply loving a different way.

The hum of fear that radiated off Joe touched Mike on a new frequency, and he slid the sundae toward him with a smile. "Dig in."

"I'm not really that hungry," Joe answered, though he smiled back.

"Not a fan of orgies?" Trevor joked.

"Ha ha. I did go to Eden," Joe shot back, grabbing a chocolate wafer cookie and absent-mindedly gnawing on it.

Dylan nudged Mike and pulled him over to whisper, "What's Eden? And what's up with Joe?"

"No clue about Eden," Mike whispered. "But remember me in college?"

Dylan stiffened. "Yeah. That bad?"

Mike held back a snort. "That bad."

"That why Laura wants us here? To try to help?"

Mike sighed. "I don't know, but I think it's a fool's game. I wouldn't have talked to anyone back then. Only you and Jill."

Dylan nodded. "And even then, you were a f**king ass**le."

"We've gone over this before," Mike said tightly. He didn't need his nose rubbed in it.

"That time you told us we were abominations and that there was something wrong with Jill for wanting us both at the same time was a blast," Dylan threw out there, making Mike cringe.

"You really want to run through an inventory of stupid things we've done over time? Because I have a list with your name on it, too."

Mike sensed a change at the table and broke away from his whispered talk with Dylan to find Alex, Joe, and Trevor all licking ice cream-covered spoons and watching them carefully.

They both stared back.

Alex broke the silence, poking his thumb toward the tri-headed, huddled mass at the booth next to them. It was clear to Mike that Josie, Darla, and Laura were not bonding only over ice cream and caramel sauce. The whispered gasps made him extra curious, but he knew how this worked.

While Laura might share intimate details with her friends, she'd never share what she shared with him and Dylan.

And that was that.

He hadn't talked with any man other than Dylan about what he did in the bedroom-or in his heart-in...

Ever.

Never, once, had he been the guy who talked about conquests. In college he'd kept his damn mouth shut about sex, because what he wanted and what everyone else wanted diverged wildly. Better to act like he was one of them than to risk being labeled a deviant.

At least with Dylan and Jill they'd been deviants together.

Safety in numbers.

A decade of adjustment and two years with Laura now meant his headspace was a lot clearer, and he could talk more openly if pressed, but as Joe folded in on himself with Alex's words, and as the food dwindled down to table scraps (mostly from Trevor, who had the appetite of a thirteen-year-old boy with hollow legs and a tapeworm), the anticipation of what was coming made all the men seem disturbed. Rattled.

Deeply uncomfortable.

Mike included.

Dylan, on the other hand, stretched his arms wide with a yawn, muscles bulging, and then kept his arms high, though never touching Mike or Trevor.

"Who wants to talk about dicks and holes? Lube? Sex toys? How about swings that don't have cheap clamps that break while you're in the middle of-"

Madge walked right up behind Joe with eyebrows high. Alex turned bright red at her appearance, and Mike bit the inside of his cheek to avoid laughing. Trevor was flushed, like an errant schoolboy.

Dylan just stared her down.

"You need to get a good quality beam clamp. One that can hold..." Her eyes catalogued Mike, then Dylan, and finally flitted over to Laura. "Can hold a good seven hundred pounds or more. Not hard. Just go to White's Hardware and explain that you need one that can handle lots of wear and tear and that kind of weight load. If Dmitri's there, tell him Madge sent you." She winked. "He'll know exactly why you're there."

Joe pushed his plate away from the table and kept his head low, as if the old woman would smack him upside the head if he brought any attention to himself.

Dylan wasn't cowed. "Seven hundred pounds? How big is your grandpa?" he asked Alex with a giant, shit-eating grin on his face.

"Oh, not from Eddie," she answered, laughing and placing a friendly hand on Alex's shoulder. "From...before him." Her voice went low, and Dylan just laughed.

Alex looked like a statue. A closed-eyed, post-apocalyptic statue who remained stoic in the face of complete, soul-sucking destruction. Mike imagined that thinking about his grandfather's sex life was about as appetizing as tea-bagging the old Warlock Waitress cardboard cutout.

"Madge, could you please not talk about my grandfather and sex in front of me? We've talked about this before," Alex said in a voice that sounded like broken guitar strings. He let out a long, hot sigh, and Mike was surprised by Madge's reaction.

She looked chastened.

Dylan sat straight up and folded his hands in his lap, staring at Alex like he was a god.

Someone had made Madge behave?

"For you, sweet Alex, I'll stop." She touched his cheek and strode into the kitchen, then shouted, "Caleb, get out those penis molds! We need to make more lobster cakes!"

"Your grandfather is a lucky man," Mike joked, ribbing Alex. He got an anemic smile in return.

"Your grandpa is Madge's boyfriend?" Trevor asked.

Alex just nodded.

"Holidays must be really fun. The dinner conversation. Does she bring a strap-on to the table?" Dylan asked.

Alex threw a sugar packet at him.

The atmosphere had changed just enough to make everyone relax slightly, an odd reaction to geriatric sex toy jokes, but hey-they'd take what they could get. That locker-room jocularity that Mike never understood descended over the group, Dylan and Trevor most comfortable with it, Alex somewhere in the middle, and Mike and Joe bewildered, it seemed, if Mike was reading the younger man right.

"You ever been in a threesome relationship before?" Dylan asked Joe directly.

Joe's mouth dropped open, and Mike was sure pea soup was about to pour out of it.

"First time. We're cherries," Trevor said as he dragged half a red lobster cake through a congealed mass of melted ice cream and marshmallow sauce, then shoved it in his mouth. The guy must have the metabolism of a hummingbird.

"Cherries," Joe echoed.

"And so far, so good?"

Joe just nodded. Mike resisted the urge to roll his eyes. Dylan was being cagey and coy on purpose, making a mockery of the entire scene. What was next? Talk about the weather?

"Look," Mike said, leaning forward. All four men leaned with him. "This isn't exactly the easiest conversation to have," he added in a hushed tone. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Madge gently push on Darla's shoulder, the younger woman giving her a WTF? look, but sliding in, turning their three-top into a four-top. Mike's curiosity opened to full throttle, but he was trapped.

Had to deal with the drama in front of him, no matter how interesting the drama next door was.

"We can just pretend," Joe said in a voice full of contempt, the scoff so strong Mike could feel it scrape against his skin. "They don't have to know we didn't really talk about...you know..."

"Being in a threesome?" Dylan's voice made Joe flinch. That seemed to be Dylan's goal.

Mike was starting to see how this would all play out if they didn't take control.

"Yes," Trevor said in a long sigh. "Being in a threesome. But Joe doesn't like the fact that I'm around. He wants Darla to himself."

"Not true!" Joe hissed.

Trevor made a noise of disgust. "You're f**king jealous, dude, and you won't admit it."

"If I were the jealous type I wouldn't be in a-"

"Threesome." All four of them said it in unison. Joe's lips pursed, jaw clenched so hard his teeth could cut fiberoptic cable.

"Threesome," he mimicked back. "It's not like I can't say it."

"Have you said it to your parents?" Mike asked softly.

The haunted eyes that met his looked like the soul's mirror. He couldn't have been more different from Joe in physique, coloring, carriage, and mannerisms, but he was staring into the eyes of his emotional twin for that split second.

"No. Hell no."

Dylan

Lucky bastards.

That was all he could think as he took good, long looks at Trevor and Joe. Ten or more years separated them, and an endless sea of experience. Trevor and Joe had youth and time on their side, and everything coming up would be new. Fresh. Exciting and unknown.

A cornucopia of opportunity awaited them, two young rock-star law students who had everything going for them.

He envied them deeply.

It wasn't that he would change one bit of his life right now. He adored Laura, and he and Mike were...well...they just were. That wouldn't change-not ever. Jillian was the light of his life, and now that they had a great nanny, Laura had relaxed. Chilled.

Warmed up, actually. Sex returned, the bright, brilliant spark of a really good f**k no longer something to count down for the rare moment, but a dependable source of fun and love. This was the phase of life he had signed up for, the rich, multilayered realm of settling down, barbecuing in the backyard, hanging with his (not quite) wife and kid and Mike, and it was everything he wanted.

Until he looked across the table and saw what youth could bring.

The entire lunch was a game to him, a silly joke that he'd indulged in because Laura asked him to be here, asked him and Mike to talk to these guys. Talk? About what? Trevor was an overeager puppy and Joe was like Mike back in college, an unstable rageball who seemed to think that a hard edge on his own skin would keep him from getting hurt. Mike had made the same mistake when they'd met years ago, and it had been Jill who had softened him, working inside, worming her way into his heart.

Dylan had been along for the ride back then, breezy and fun, all about the party. He could sniff one out, or create a wild, fun scene with two people and enough beer and ganja. While Mike had needed someone to crack him open, Dylan had needed gravity. Someone to tether him.

Jill had been their touchstone, the keeper of truths and saver of souls.

Did Darla serve that purpose-that mission, really-for these two young fools in front of him? Who knew. None of his business, right? Laura was making it her business, though, to stick her nose into the younger threesome's business, prodded by Josie.

Josie. Don't even get him started. Bane of his existence and, somehow, also one of the best things to happen to Laura. Their friendship kept her going in ways he and Mike would never understand, so while he was grateful to Laura's friend, did she have to be such an interfering pain in the ass?

"You afraid?" Dylan asked as silence reigned after Joe's declaration that hell no, he hadn't told his parents about his threesome.

"Yes." The answer was instantaneous, almost involuntary, and Trevor jolted. Dylan bit back a wry grin. He knew that feeling, too. Partnering with someone who was so cagey and confusing, hard to read yet teeming with anger, and at the same time so...right for you...meant accepting that you were going to be shocked.

A lot.

Because you never knew what was coming next, and you expected negativity. The vulnerable moments were the ones you lived for, though-because that was where the other person's heart showed itself.

And why you stayed.

"Good." Mike's voice was flat and even, warm and tempered. Like he knew he was talking to a spooked animal. That's all Joe was. A spooked, naive kid who was in way over his head for the first time in his life.

Same as he and Mike had been back when they'd come together with Jill.

"Good?" Joe scoffed, the mask descending like a trapdoor. "What do you mean, 'good'? It's good to be afraid of my own parents?"

"No, it's not," Mike said, pouring himself another coffee. His deliberate, steady motions were part of a general approach he was taking. "But it's good to be realistic." Anyone else wouldn't catch the meaning behind Mike's words, but Dylan did. On the surface, what he said was what he meant.

Underneath? He had experienced that fear, faced it, anyway, and his fears had come true.

"Why?" Joe's single-word question shot out toward Mike like a bullet. Part challenge, part insistence, part threat, it made Dylan clench his hands instinctively, as if he needed to prepare for a fight.

"Why?" Mike pitched forward on his elbows, face tipped up and across the table, ocean eyes stormy and more blue than green, like a darkening epicenter in a Category 5 hurricane. "Because they may love you, but they also may turn you away if they can't handle the truth of who you are."

Joe slumped forward, chest heaving with the effort of continuing to breathe through Mike's words. Dylan's stomach dropped, half from watching Joe's reaction and half from the memory of Mike's dad and mom the day he told them the truth.

"It's your biggest fear. Being rejected by your parents. The very people who set all the expectations inside you for how you conduct yourself through time and space as a human being." Mike's eyes softened. "I can see it now as we raise our daughter." He gave Dylan a split second of eye contact, then rubbed his chin slowly with a sheepish look. "It's so easy to plant in them the great paradox of parenting."

"Which is?" Trevor asked quietly.

"That you love them unconditionally but want them to be exactly what you imagine in your mind. That when they stray from your own set viewpoint of how the world should work, it's like you've failed. You're a little bit like God when you have a child, and when the child doesn't do what you want, it's easy to think it's a reflection on the job you've done. Like it's all about you."

Joe nodded slowly, mesmerized. Dylan leaned in, wishing he could make Mike's very real pain and Joe's imagined future pain disappear.

"You told your mom and dad?" Joe asked, blinking hard but otherwise immutable. "I take it that didn't go well?"

Dylan and Mike exchanged a look that gave Mike permission to sigh, the slow hiss of release making Dylan glad he was here. Laura was of great comfort to Mike as they'd navigated time and family. She hadn't understood how his parents could choose not only to shun him but also baby Jillian, but Dylan got it. All too well. Not because he agreed, for f**k's sake.

Because he'd been there. Right there when it had all gone down.

His heart raged for Mike, and already just a little for Joe, if that was what Joe was afraid he might face.

"It was the biggest mistake of my life." Mike's words echoed through a lull in the restaurant's busy background noise, giving them a dramatic weight that shook Dylan a bit. Laura looked over at them with an expression of unease and mouthed, You okay?

Dylan just shrugged. She closed her eyes, nodded, then looked away, huddling once again with Josie and Darla. Whatever conversation they were having looked leaps and bounds better than this.

"The threesome?" Trevor asked in surprise, his voice up half an octave.

"The telling. The threesome was the best f**king thing of my life up to that point. I felt whole. Full. Complete." Mike swallowed hard. "Real."

"And your parents..." Joe said, obviously not wanting to the know the answer, but Dylan saw he had to ask. Had to.

"My dad nearly beat the shit out of me. Dylan had to stop him."

"You're the size of a f**king redwood out of Muir Woods. How could your dad-?"

Mike's sad grin made him look so forlorn it caught Laura's attention again. Dylan reached up and scratched an eyebrow, finding the skin of his brow knitted so tightly it hurt.

"You think I'm tall? You should see Big Mike. I'm Little Mike."

"It's like Sam." Trevor's voice trembled just enough to make them all turn and stare at him. Alex had stayed quiet during all this.

"Sam? Your drummer?" Dylan had been to one of their concerts a few months ago with Laura and Mike.

Trevor nodded. Joe just gave him a thousand-mile stare and looked at Mike. "Sam's not in a threesome or anything. I just mean he has a dad who rejected him. Beat him up. Sent him away."

"Ouch," was all Dylan could think to say.

"What about Laura's parents?" Joe asked.

"Dead," Mike said. "She just has this one crazy uncle left, and no one's heard from him since her mother died."

"And yours?" Joe's eyes lasered on Dylan.

The question gave Dylan a chance to shake his shoulders, to unburden the tension that lingered there like the weight of a human on his back in a fire, like the responsibility of a person's life.

"Mine? Mine tolerate it. I think my mom doesn't know what it means, and Dad just pretends Mike's my roommate. They create their own false sense of reality and go with it." Shrug. He wasn't about to get touchy-feely with these two. For so long the only lifeboat they had were Dylan's parents and Jill's mom. Her dad had tried to have her disinherited after her death, but her mom had put a full stop to that.

And now he and Mike were the beneficiaries of $2.2 billion that Jill's dad had tried to deny them. Couldn't blame the guy, really.

Would Dylan or Mike have done the same?

"They accept Laura and Mike?" Trevor asked.

"They love Laura." Dylan smiled as Mike groaned. "And they really like Mike. They just don't know what to do with Mike and Laura. They're binary. They think relationships are in serial. Not parallel."

Joe barked out a laugh that made the table chuckle. "But..." His voice held a pleading tone, as if begging for the answer he wanted. Dylan steeled himself. He doubted he could give that. "But did they freak on you when you told them? Kick you out? Cut you off?"

"Cut me off from what?"

"Money."

Dylan made a dismissive noise. "What money? I had a paper route at twelve. A part-time job unloading trucks at fifteen. Mom and Dad did fine, but we weren't rolling in it. It's not like I got a shiny new BMW in the driveway with a ribbon on it for my sixteenth birthday."

As the last sentence came out of his mouth Dylan realized it was the worst thing he could have said in that moment, because apparently that was the life Joe did live. And he'd just alienated him by making fun of it.

Too bad. His own truth wasn't worth sacrificing so he could help some entitled kid.

"It works that way with your parents? They still give you money? Paying for law school?" he asked.

Joe didn't respond, but Trevor jumped in. "They do. Different worlds." He gave a one-shouldered shrug. "And when you're used to all that, you don't know what to do."

"You go out and hustle and get a job," Dylan muttered.

"It's not that simple," Joe said. "The money isn't just love."

Mike startled, touching Dylan's forearm. "They're right. It's not just about the money. The money is love, though, in its own way."

"Bullshit. Just because you don't have money doesn't mean you love your kids any less," Dylan snapped.

"No, not like that," Mike said, shaking his head. "It's more like cutting off money for not choosing a life someone else told you to live."

Joe just blinked.

And then Madge got up from her spot at the booth with Laura, Darla, and Josie and began clearing plates.

"Want more?"

"Whatcha got?" Trevor asked.

"Fried green tomatoes covered in parmesan with sauce?"

"Sure."

She sized up the table. "I'll bring three orders."

"How many tapeworms do you have?" Dylan asked Trevor, giving him a friendly elbow shove.

"Enough to keep eating."

"Oh, to be young and have that metabolism again."

"Sucks growing old."

Old. Ouch. "Who's old? We're thirty-four!" Dylan's cry of protest was met with smirks from the two younger men.

"Speak for yourself! Thirty over here," Alex added.

"I don't mind growing old, as long as it's with Laura," Mike said in a voice designed for the women at the next table to hear it.

"Sure, Mr. Zen. And the first time you find a gray pube on your balls, you'll be bitching about it like the rest of us," Dylan challenged.

"You found a gray pube already? Dude." Trevor spoke in a voice filled with alarmed sadness. "I'm so sorry. Time for Viagra, huh?"

What. The. Fuck.

"I do not have gray pubes on my nads!" Dylan shouted. "And I don't need Viagra! In fact, I have a refractory period that would put you to shame. Four times in five hours. Just tested it last week!"

"That Viagra can really let you pump 'em out, huh?" Joe commented.

"I do not take Viagra!"

"Okay. Whatever. We believe you." Those two little ass**les snickered away. Even Alex and Mike tried not to laugh. How the hell did the conversation go from a deep, painful reflection on how their families handled the revelation of their threesome to gray pubes and Viagra? In ten seconds flat?

"You damn well better believe me. Mike can vouch for it."

That made Trevor and Joe turn beet red. Huh.

"Not so comfortable with each other, are you?" Dylan's turn to put them in the squirmy position of being under the spotlight. "Can't admit that you like it."

"Like what?" Alex asked, surprising everyone.

"Like being with each other."

"We're not with each other. We don't...you know."

"You don't touch." Dylan's statement made Joe's face lose a little of the flush.

"Right."

"But you're still together."

"Huh?"

"You're together. You wouldn't be with Darla-both of you-if you didn't feel better having him there than you do not having him there," Dylan pointed out.

"No, it's not like that. It's more like..." Trevor frowned, then made a face of acquiescence. "Um, I guess it is like that."

"We're perverts," Joe said, sighing, banging his head slowly against the back of his chair. "Might not even be able to get an attorney's license if someone knew."

"Not true. No one can strip you of that right," Mike said. "Don't overthink like that. You'll drive yourself crazy."

Trevor shoved Joe's leg, hard. "See? Told you."

"Someone in law school told me they used to deny licenses to g*y attorneys in some states." His face changed to a look of horror. "Not that we're g*y!"

"Okay. Whatever. I believe you," Dylan said, nodding with glee.

Joe and Trevor gave him sour looks while Mike and Alex just laughed.

"Fair point," Trevor finally said. "Sorry about your gray nads."

Joe snorted.

"But you can admit that the entire reason you're in a threesome is because you like it better than being in a twosome."

"Isn't that the whole point?" Alex asked. "You make it a triad instead of a dyad because it's..." He shot Dylan a helpless look.

"It's what?" Trevor asked, looking to Mike and Dylan for guidance. "What the hell is this? Because we didn't choose it. Didn't want it, even. We don't fight it."

"We fight with each other," Joe pointed out.

"But we don't fight this. We don't argue over this. You get jealous because I'm with Darla and you're not, but you don't get jealous of the fact that I'm here when all three of us are together. It's confusing. It makes no sense because it defies logic!"

Trevor looked at Dylan dead on. "Do you guys have that? Jealousy that isn't jealousy. It's-whatthefuckever it is, it's driving me insane. He won't stop it. He just gets pissed all the time and takes it out on us."

"Fuck off, I do not!" Joe shouted.

Darla gave a nervous look at the group. Dylan winked at her. Hey, this is what you and Laura wanted...we're talking.

"Yes, you do!" Trevor pounded the table with his fist. Just once, but enough to make Mike and Alex exchange looks with him.

"It's not my fault. You're trying to make her like you more."

"What?" Trevor yelped.

Mike shot Dylan a look that made both men burst aloud and say, in unison, "Been there, done that."

Alex stood, looking nervous and uncomfortable. "I'm being paged, dammit. Just when this gets good." He pulled a buzzing phone from his pocket.

"We'll save the sex talk for after you've gone."

His face fell, and Dylan laughed. "You mean I hung on for all the crap talk and now I have to go before it gets kinky?"

"You want to learn about threesomes, just go on YouPorn," Josie said from behind him, pinching his hip. Dylan looked at the women's booth and saw Darla and Laura in deep conversation.

"Or ask Josie about hers," Darla piped up.

Alex gave her a blank look that made Dylan's balls crawl up his thigh a few inches. "Your what?"

"Bye! See ya!" Josie called out as she dragged Alex through the front door, the two in a heated discussion that made Dylan grin with an evil chaos.

"Josie had a threesome," Mike said drolly, cocking one eyebrow at Dylan. "Did we know that?"

"How the hell would I know? She chatters so much it's like one of those old dolls. Pull the string and the Real Baby talks!"

"You seriously don't get jealous, though?" Trevor asked, giving Joe a hard look as his words were directed at Dylan and Mike. "At all?"

"Not jealous of each other. No. But jealous of one of us having more time than the other with Jill or, now, Laura?" Dylan's turn to give Mike a hard look. "I think Mike should answer that."

"You two had sex on my day!" Mike exploded. "We had a schedule!"

Aha.

Now they were getting real.

"You do get jealous!" Joe said with an excitement that made Dylan uneasy. "See?" He gave Trevor a hot look. Angry look. A look of triumph. Of being right.

"Even after this long?" Trevor seemed defeated. "I don't have it in me to put up with his shit forever."

"It'll change when you live together," Dylan said. Both younger men gave him skeptical looks. "No, really. When we moved in with Jill it got better, and now that we're with Laura, Mike's the one who gets jealous. I don't."

"He really doesn't. It's weird," Mike added.

"Weird," Joe muttered.

"Why is it weird?" Trevor asked. "I think it's a sign of maturity."

Dylan reached across the table to high-five him and did a double take. If Mike were even five years older he could be Trevor's very young dad.

Old. Dylan felt so f**king old. Next time he took a piss he'd need to check for gray pubes after all, because this entire conversation had aged him by five or ten years.

"It's weird," Joe said tightly, "because it's natural to feel jealous."

"No, it's not," Dylan and Trevor said together.

"Yes, it is," Joe insisted. "It's part of human nature."

"Nope," Dylan declared. "I used to think that, too, but you spend enough time following your own drummer inside you and you realize that all the things people call 'human nature' are made-up shit they create to justify their own feelings and behaviors."

Joe frowned. "From an evolutionary biology standpoint, that seems wrong."

"But from a real-life, daily-life perspective, I'm right. Live with Darla for a year. All three of you. Together. And then see what happens to the jealousy."

Both of the younger men's eyes widened. Ah. They weren't there yet. Too much commitment. Dylan understood. He and Mike had been terrified to move in with Jill. It was as close to marriage as they would ever, legally, be allowed to come, so it had more gravity to it. Felt bigger.

Seemed enormous at the time.

"And I don't think you're jealous," Mike said to Joe. "I think you're pissed at yourself. Not Trevor."

Trevor's eyebrows shot up while Joe's forehead furrowed with fury. "What?"

"You made a choice to live far away. You shouldn't be punishing Darla and Trevor because you're unhappy with your decision."

"Oh, great. Here comes the therapy. Where's your couch, Dr. Freud?"

Mike shrugged. "Take it or leave it. But it's obvious to everyone else. You're unhappy and don't want to be away but won't make a change. It's all on you. You are making yourself miserable. You're not jealous of Trevor's time with Darla. You're jealous of something else."

"What?"

"That they are living their own lives and doing what they want."

"I'm at f**king Penn! Ivy League law!"

"And look at how happy that makes you."

Darla

"Joe looks like Trevor just shoved Mavis up his ass and did the Funky Chicken dance with her," Darla said as Laura giggled. They'd spent the better part of the past twenty minutes talking shop, mostly comparing notes on Good Things Come in Threes clients.

Between Dylan shouting about his erectile dysfunction and Joe yammering on about yet another thing he was pissed about, it sounded like the men were having a more contentious time than the women.

And Alex looked kinda sick over there before they left. She wondered what on earth the other four men had told him to make him so...green. The man delivered babies for a living, for goodness' sake. He saw hoohaws ripped open, women who birthed babies from their vaginas, and giant alien placentas and whatever else gushed forth as you pushed those muscles down there, and he did all that with a soothing, calm demeanor and a smile.

Really-what had those men said to unsettle a guy who took needle and thread to labia? She frowned and gave Trevor a look that was designed to cut glass, but he was oblivious. Typical.

"I wish I were a fly on the wall over there," Laura said, turning to flash Dylan a smile that Darla couldn't help but admire. He winked back at Laura, and a part of Darla swooned. She got it. Joe and Trevor made her feel that way times a million. Glad to see Laura had the same thing with her guys.

Or did she?

"When are we going to talk about your threesomes?" Josie asked, rubbing her hands like a blackjack dealer with a super-drunk millionaire in front of her. "I want some good gossip."

"You have no friends other than us," Darla said. "Who the hell you gonna gossip to? Your cat, Crackhead?"

"He listens," Josie said, pouting. "And Alex."

"Alex is a steel trap. Won't say a word," Darla said.

"How do you know?" Josie eyed her with suspicion, and Laura joined in, curious. Darla wished she'd kept her mouth shut. Once Josie was on your case, you were doomed. She'd still managed not to spill the truth about her friend Amy getting her cell phone caught in her vagina (vibrator apps. Who knew?), and how Alex had come to the rescue.

Some stories are best left untold.

Unshared.

Buried.

"He's just so dreamy," she said, trying to throw Josie off the scent.

But it made Josie even more suspicious. "What are you up to, Darla?"

"I'm up to talking about the best lube for getting one man in your back door when another one is nicely nestled in your pink tunnel," Darla shot back, desperate to talk about anything but the secret she and Alex shared.

Laura turned the color of roses and picked up a stray menu, fanning herself. "Is it hot in here, or is it just me?"

Josie snorted. "She's just deflecting."

"Or those tunnel butt plugs. Let me tell you, whoever invented those deserves a goddamn Nobel Peace Prize for saving anuses worldwide," Darla said.

Madge happened to walk past at that exact moment, stop cold, and give Darla a long, contemplative stare.

"Contoured, or straight? Because the contoured ones make it so much more comfortable to use between the two of us," Madge asked.

Alex was the closest man to the women's booth and, if the grimace that crossed his mouth were a measure, he had heard Madge's declaration.

"They make 'em contoured?" Darla asked sweetly, like they were talking about press-on nails. "I'll have to try one. What about lube? You found one that helps everything fit in there?"

"Fit?" Madge asked, eyes gleaming.

"When you have them both in. You know."

"Both-oh! No, no. I just have Eddie." Madge tittered. Her face changed suddenly, and she nudged Darla, who followed the old woman's lead and scooched in.

"But," Madge said in a conspirator's voice, "I do have a question. I have a granddaughter who is in this weird relationship."

"Weird?"

"Like you two," Madge said, pointing to Laura and Darla.

"We're not in a relationship." Laura giggled.

"I mean how you two are each with two men. Lydia's got that now. Two men." Madge paused and looked Laura over. "Two billionaires, actually."

Laura looked like she'd been slapped. Slowly, like an interrogator who is receiving a confession from a serial killer and can't quite believe the turn of events, Laura leaned across the table and grasped Madge's weathered, bony hand.

"You have a granddaughter," she said quietly, "who is in a threesome relationship with two billionaires?"

"Yes." Madge frowned. "At least, I think they're both billionaires. Their names are Mike and Dylan," Madge said dryly.

Darla and Josie couldn't help but laugh. Laura didn't.

"That's not funny. The Mike and Dylan part is, but lying about your granddaughter and making fun of me and Mike and Dylan isn't-"

"I'm not lying. Lydia's with Mike Bournham."

"The Michael Bournham?" All three of them gasped.

"The. Yes. And Jeremy. His best friend."

"And they're both billionaires? I mean, I know Michael Bournham came close, but who's this Jeremy guy?" Darla asked. The Bournham scandal was the talk of the town. The guy had been caught with his pants down-actually, off-on camera f**king some admin at his company and-

"Was she in the sex tape?" Josie asked. "The one who got her reality television show?"

Madge's face closed off in a marked manner, and Darla knew that look well. That was the look of a mama bear who wasn't letting no one mess with her cub. "No. Not her." Something about the way Madge's eyes turned to two dead stones made Darla stop moving, as if she needed to blend into the background before the world ended.

Because Madge could take a person down.

"Oh." Josie's simple answer said it all. Laura held her breath. Ribald laughter broke out at the table next to them. Darla wanted to look, to call out and ask what the joke was, but she didn't want Madge's eyes on her, as if Medusa might turn her to stone. Clearly, asking about the sex tape had been about as bad as asking a pregnant friend if she'd used protection.

You just didn't ask.

"She's traveling in Thailand with both of those boys right now," Madge explained, as if nothing had just happened, as if she hadn't sucked all the available oxygen out of the room and left them emotionally gasping for air. "Lydia's always been so independent. A feminist. And now she has no job and they're gallivanting all over Southeast Asia checking on Jeremy's 'investments.'"

"You sound skeptical," Laura said.

"I am skeptical. That boy's probably got a poppy farm and a string of opium dens. He's a bit of a free spirit." The skin around her eyes looked like a smiling elephant's. "But he does love her dearly. So does the other one." Madge waved one hand dismissively and tensed her whole body, her thigh connecting with Darla's, transferring energy in a very bad way.

Something about that phrase-"the other one"-thrown out so casually, and with a kind of dismissal that bordered on contempt, made Darla's hackles rise.

"That's like 'you people'?"

"What?"

"You throw it out there, like she has one real boyfriend and 'the other one.' Sounds like you disapprove. Here you are, Ms. Old Lady Dom with a butt plug fetish, tricking out with Alex's grandpa and being all badass, and you're judging your granddaughter for being in love with two men at the same time?" Darla could feel the curve of her neck extend, could taste the bile in the back of her throat, and as the air slid into her body slowly through her nose, inhaled like a battery charge, she knew that it was on.

Death Match at Jeddy's.

News at eleven.

Laura and Josie's eyes flew wide open in alarm as Madge turned slowly to her, a look of condescending disgust on her face, and said, "You're judging me? I shat pieces of corn this morning older than you."

"When you act like the life your granddaughter has chosen for herself out of a drive for love is something to sneer at, you bet your flat ass I'm judging you, lady."

Madge leapt to her feet. "Fat ass? You are calling me 'fat ass'?"

"I said flat. Flat. The Gravity Fairy done visited your backside plenty of times, huh? Looks like Kansas back there."

"And the Oreo Fairy visits you twice a day, it seems." Madge craned her neck ostentatiously to pointedly look at Darla's admittedly lush ass.

"I have a Knuckle Fairy who'd like to-"

"Enough!" Laura shouted. "Both of you! I'd expected it to come to fists today, but not at this table!" The women all looked over at the guys, who were huddled and laughing, looking like something out of a Polo Ralph Lauren ad.

"Jesus Christ," Madge muttered. "I break up enough fights. Don't need to flatten some pissant little shit like you and bring on more trouble here."

Darla's heart threatened to shatter her breastbone like the giant pitcher of Kool-Aid crashing through the fence.

"Then quit denigrating your granddaughter's relationship with her boyfriends while claiming to be nonjudgemental. Because all you're doing is shaming her behind her back."

Madge looked like Darla had just whacked her with a coffee pot.

Good.

Laura tilted her head, and Josie watched them with narrowed eyes, a look Darla knew all too well. She was ready for a throwdown if need be. Back home, Josie had her back. Not that Darla routinely got into catfights with eighty-year-old waitresses in dive bars.

Okay, maybe once or twice. And maybe she won.

Most of them.

Madge was a tough old bird, but a reasonable one. Her face sagged with sadness as she turned to Laura and asked, "Is that shaming? What I said?"

Laura's eyes filled with tears. Darla fought hers back, too, because the genuine befuddlement and caring in the old bat's voice made it clear she deeply loved her granddaughter.

Laura reached for her hand and looked at her. "Yes, Madge. When you call one of her boyfriends 'the other one,' it strips him of an identity. She has two boyfriends. Two. Both are as important as one."

"But I didn't mean it that way. It's just a joke." Maybe Darla had been to quick to anger.

"Just 'cause you think it's a joke doesn't make it funny," Darla fumed, conflicted inside.

Madge ignored her and focused on Laura. Darla's field of vision began to speckle, a furious cloud of rage taking over. If she wasn't careful, she'd end up charged with assault, hauled off in handcuffs, humiliated for beating down a woman old enough to be her great-grandma, and she'd lose her job.

Add a surprise pregnancy and a dead dog and she'd have a really boring country music song.

"I don't understand why you can't just be kinky and have one guy. Why two? Why does my granddaughter Lydia need two? Two at once, no less. I get wanting some variety, but that's not a buffet. It's an overloaded plate with all the different delights touching each other, blending into too many flavors in one bite."

The food metaphor went over Darla's head. "You're comparing threesomes to a buffet? I ain't all you can eat."

Josie broke out into a nervous, barky laugh at that one. Even Laura giggled.

"That's not what I meant!" Darla protested, though Madge started snickering, too. Alex gave them a weird look, and Darla's balloon of anger popped, a slow hiss deflating her.

"Madge," Laura finally said. "If Lydia could be happy with just one of them, she would be. It's not like we choose to love this way. It just is. Society turns it into some shameful thing, but not us. If we could be happy with just one of them, I think..." She shot Josie a helpless look.

"Why are you looking at me?" Josie squeaked. "I'm the one who's living with one man, and he's a pantry hog."

"I heard that," Alex said casually, then stood and looked at Darla. "You and Madge done? Because I've been here on the periphery ready to jump in and protect you."

"Me?" Darla exclaimed.

Josie and Laura gave her a sympathetic look as Alex said, "Yeah. You. Who do you think would win in a hair-pulling contest?"

Madge shot her a shit-eating grin.

"Aw, hell no," Darla drawled. "You come to central Ohio and meet Aunt Marlene sometime, Madge. That woman could take him down," she added, pointing to Alex.

Josie's turn to flush bright red at the mention of her mother and Alex.

His eyebrows shot up, and he looked at his girlfriend. "You've told me stories about your mom, but..."

"Mrs. Tucker, the town clerk, had to have plugs put in after she and Aunt Marlene got into a nasty fight over the plumber's son, and Marlene ripped half her hair out," Darla added helpfully, enjoying someone other than her experiencing the crippling humiliation of this entire conversation.

Josie stood. "You beeped?" Her words were aimed at Alex, who was looking at his phone.

"I did."

"Then let's go."

"He beeps and you need to go? You an obstetrics resident suddenly? Need to deliver a baby?"

"Not until it's our own," Alex said merrily.

Josie turned the shade of cream as Laura gave her a look. "Something you want to tell us, Josie?"

"He just moved in! Pantry hogger."

"My Eddie does that, too, sometimes. I find him wearing my panties, one pair around his hips, another one clenched in his fist while he's-"

"Pantry, Madge! The woman said pantry!" Alex choked out, grabbing Josie's hand. "Not panty!"

The four men at the other table gawked at them. "I want to talk about what they're talking about!" Dylan announced. Two people at a table across the way turned, all eyes suddenly on Madge, Darla and Laura.

"This is not going exactly how I thought it would," Laura groaned, picking through the remnants in the sundae dish and stuffing a chocolate chip cookie covered in caramel sauce in her mouth. Darla was jealous.

Madge had some weird sort of food radar, like a bat has echolocation, for she picked up on Darla's thought and raced away, shouting, "One more Orgy for the table, coming up!"

"Now I really want to sit over there," Dylan said, struggling to shove Trevor out of the booth. Trevor scrambled out, too, and came over to Darla, hands on her shoulders, kneading muscles made of stone.

He bent down and whispered, "You okay?"

All she could do was nod.

"And you could totally take her," he added with a raspy voice that made her grin.

Damn straight.

Laura

As Madge returned with an enormous sundae that made Laura's stomach ache, her phone buzzed again. Alex and Josie disappeared, and the table was overrun by penises at the appearance of the delectable ice cream extravaganza.

"Ours wasn't nearly as good as this," Joe moaned as he bit into chunk of toffee brownie.

Worried it might be Cyndi, Laura reached into her purse and retrieved her phone. It was an email, but it looked like the second email from the same address. Weird. While the guys picked the sundae clean, and Darla relaxed with Trevor and Joe on either side of her, Laura figured this was as good a time as any to let everyone de-escalate and calm down.

She still wanted more of a talk with Darla-they'd talked about everything but their respective relationships-but the entire group could do with downtime.

The email turned out to be anything but relaxing for her, though. Whatever her face looked like as she read it must have triggered something inside Mike, because he came to her side and touched her arm.

"Something wrong?"

"An email. From my uncle."

"The one you haven't heard from in years?" Laura had told Mike about her Uncle Frank. She hadn't heard from him since her mom died. And even then, he'd only reached out to her for one thing: money.

"Yes. Him."

"Uh oh. That's really weird. I was just mentioning him..."

"You were?" she asked in surprise. Frank wasn't exactly a common topic for discussion.

"We were talking about how our parents handled learning about Jill." Laura reached out to touch him, knowing how painful that subject was. "And Joe asked about your parents. I just mentioned you had a crazy uncle."

Even Mike knew what this might mean. Frank was, in the kindest of terms, a ne'er-do-well. Her mother had kept him at arm's length after he'd ruined her credit rating when Laura was in high school.

"Yeah. Crazy uncle. I'd just ignore it, but..." She held up the telephone screen and let Mike read the email:

Dear Laura,

You haven't had any contact with me in so long, my dear, and so I thought I would reach out. I recently came across news footage about your new life and am so pleased to learn about your happy circumstances. And I have a great-niece, from what I've read! I should like very much to meet with you, your daughter, and your husbands. Your old uncle Frank doesn't have quite the exciting, luxurious life you now lead, but perhaps you can find time for me to see my only living niece and grand-niece. Family is so important, and as I age I realize that blood is all that matters.

Your loving uncle,

Frank

"Ah, shit," Dylan said from behind her. "Is he money grubbing?"

Because it had been so long since she'd seen him-since her mother's death, when he'd convinced her to hand over part of her mom's life insurance for his pain and suffering-she hadn't really talked much about Frank. A few conversations boiled down to the simple point that Frank used people. Mostly for money. And her mother had taught her to keep him at as much of a distance as possible.

And now he was back, with more knowledge about her life than she was comfortable with him having. A cold chill began at the base of her spine and spread up as she reread his words. The thought of him being part of her life, of Jillian's life, left her with an unsettled, mildly frantic feeling that he knew would reverberate through her, pinging and ricocheting endlessly until this was resolved.

Dylan and Mike could feel it, too. They crowded around her, safe and solid, a big, impenetrable wall of protection.

The threat, though, was so much more than physical.

"Ignore it," Dylan and Mike said at the same time.

"Delete it," Dylan whispered. "You don't have any obligation to him."

"I know," she whispered back. Mike set his chin on the top of her head, arm wrapping around her, the warmth a comfort. She was suddenly cold.

And just as instantly, she needed to hold Jillian. Touch her. Embrace her. Be with her.

Protect her.

Frank's words looped through her head. "Happy circumstances" and "luxurious life" and "blood is all that matters" all set off alarm bells in her head.

Why now? Why was he appearing now? She'd been with Mike and Dylan for two years. They'd been all over the news in the early stage of their relationship, though more the guys than her. Nowadays she was featured in small news articles on blog sites, mostly, talking about alternative lifestyles. No one ever photographed Jillian-all three of them were fierce about her privacy in that respect-so Frank couldn't know that much about her.

But she bet he knew 2.2 billion reasons why he wanted to reconnect with his niece and grand-niece, dammit.

Laura stood abruptly, Mike and Dylan on their feet in seconds, the three a unit. "Darla," Laura said, her own words breathless, the panic coming out in her voice. "I'm so sorry, but I have to go. There's an emergency."

"Is the baby okay?" Joe asked. Trevor and Darla gave Laura a look of such concern that it made her feel instantly overwrought. What was she so anxious about? It didn't make sense, but the feeling fluttered inside her. She couldn't deny it. All she could do was get home and hold her daughter. Then she'd be able to think and act clearly.

Until then? Everything she did was pointless.

"Jillian is fine," Laura said, more to calm herself than anyone else. That seemed to allay the younger group's fears. "It's just, something else has come up, and I need to cut this short."

She reached for Darla, who stood, and the two shared a deep, long hug. "Let's do this again, but only the two of us."

"Yes!" said the men in unison.

Laura and Josie shot them dark looks. All four of them shrugged. It was like a human wave of flesh relief. If Laura weren't on high alert, so triggered by her uncle's email as to be in a different plane of mental existence, she would have laughed.

Jillian.

All she could think about was wrapping her arms around that sweet little toddler and taking a long, deep breath.

Mike and Dylan saw the unease in her, and within seconds they were out the door, headed for the parking garage, where Mike's Jeep would take her to sanctuary.

"You're shaking," Dylan said in a clenched voice, his jaw muscles tight, eyes like a hawk's. "Did your uncle do something else? Threaten you?" They climbed in the car, and Mike peeled out of the parking structure, the squeal of tire on painted concrete making her feel like they were moving faster than they really were.

"No! Oh, no. Nothing like that. I just need her." Laura's throat began to close with tears, eyes joining in waterworks. "It seems so silly, I know..."

"Not silly," Dylan said evenly. He was in the back seat with her, arms enveloping her as Mike drove. "You feel what you feel. And no one can hurt you."

"Or Jillian." Mike's words came out like a growl.

"Or any of us," Dylan assured her. She felt so safe with them both. Secure.

Fine.

A deep breath helped. Dylan's warm hands on her hip made his words sink in. This was fine. An email out of the blue could be ignored. Frank wasn't any sort of threat. In fact, she'd just let a stupid email interrupt a very important lunch date.

"What am I thinking?" she blurted out. Mike was weaving through traffic to snake through Arlington and get to Route 2 and home. "This is silly. We don't need to rush. Maybe we should go back so I can talk to Darla some more."

Mike caught her eye in the rearview mirror. "Don't do that."

She startled. "Do what?" Dylan was so warm, so hard and secure, like being hugged by a muscled teddy bear. The afternoon's conversation, the sparring between Madge and Darla, the talks about threesomes as if they were normal and just another way to love, all pinged through her mind.

Overwhelm.

She was living in overwhelm. And that was why Frank's email was sending her home.

"Don't try to convince yourself that your first instinct is wrong," Mike elaborated, driving with his eyes on her through the tiny mirror. "You're doing that female thing. Don't invalidate yourself. Believe in whatever's driving you to get home to Jillian. It's important. It's worthy. You're valid for believing whatever's in your gut."

That made her tear up even more.

Traffic was backed up-no surprise given that it was already nearly five o'clock. By the time they got home it was well past six, and Cyndi was fine with their lateness, always reasonable and understanding. Closing her arms around little Jillian's chubby body, legs like chunks of soft dough, cheeks the color of freshly picked cider apples in late October, made Laura feel like her heart was safely behind her ribs again.

It really was okay.

"I gave her a bath when you texted, and she already ate dinner. Given the time"-Laura knew it was 6:45 p.m.-"she's probably ready for bed soon enough," Cyndi declared. Short and thick, with steel-gray hair, the nanny's piercing blue eyes were troubled, if no-nonsense. "And it looks like you could use a good night's sleep as well, Laura."

All Laura could do was bury her face in Jillian's neck.

"Mama seepy," the little girl said. "Zzzzzz." It was a game Mike and Dylan played with her, and Laura laughed that her daughter had made the connection between Cyndi's words and the dads' game. Every day, little changes like this made her marvel. She hadn't given birth to a baby.

She'd brought a little whole human being into the world.

Now that's a superpower.

"Mama's sleepy, yes," Laura repeated as Jillian rested her brown curls on Laura's shoulder, snuggling in like she was molded to live there. Which she was.

"Is everything okay?" Cyndi asked quietly. "You seem anxious. Did something happen?"

"No," Laura rushed to say, not wanting to deal with anyone else's emotional state right now. A dawning realization made her elaborate.

More than she wanted to.

"Did anyone call the house while we were gone?"

Cyndi's face lit up. "Oh, yes!"

Oh, no.

"Your Uncle Frank called. I didn't know you had an uncle!" Cyndi hurried over to the counter that separated the large, open-concept kitchen from the living room and picked up a slip of paper. "Here. He asked that you call him as soon as possible. Said he might swing into town for a few days and would love to see his favorite niece."

His only niece.

Laura's stomach dropped through the earth's crust and into the magma layer. "Thanks," she gasped.

Cyndi frowned, then her eyes changed to a wary look. "Oh dear. He was so charming on the phone, and I just assumed..." She touched Laura's hand. "He's not someone you want in your life, is he? I hope I didn't make a mistake."

"You didn't do anything wrong," Laura answered, but she reached for Cyndi's hand and clasped it like it was a lifeline. Kind, wrinkled eyes, intelligent and perceptive, yet so compassionate, met hers.

Jillian's weight on her shoulder shifted just enough for Laura to realize that the baby had fallen asleep, her breathing suddenly even, her little lips nuzzled against Laura's ear.

"She wanted her mama," Cyndi said with a squeeze of the hand.

Laura swallowed hard as Mike and Dylan came into the room, brows furrowed, worried and ready to talk.

"Her mama," Laura said through a voice full of worry over the unknown, "wanted her."

"Something more happen?" Mike asked, crossing the room, his sheer size a comfort to Laura. Cyndi looked up to meet his eyes, and it was like she was watching Superman fly overhead.

"Uncle Frank called," Laura whispered.

"Here?" Dylan asked, incredulous. "The house phone? It's unlisted."

"I hadn't thought of that," Cyndi said in an apologetic tone. "I just assumed he was a family member and it was okay to talk to him. To tell him."

Laura's extremities went cold. "Tell him what?"

Cyndi dropped her hand and gave Mike and Dylan beseeching looks. "He asked about Jillian. How she was doing, what she was like, and how Laura was. Asked about you two as well. Whether you treated 'his girls' right."

Laura's eyes bugged out of her head. Mike and Dylan exchanged angry looks.

"I'm so sorry!" Cyndi gushed. "I'll never make that mistake again."

Laura shook her head, as if trying to get rid of a bad thought. Which she was. The movement made Jillian rub her face against Laura's neck. The toddler's body heat was the only reason Laura wasn't chilled to the bone with dread.

"Cyndi," Mike said, "you haven't done a thing wrong. We're not certain why Laura's uncle has suddenly come out of the woodwork, but Laura's worried, and that's good enough for us. From now on, screen his calls."

"And if he shows up here," Dylan added, lips tight, anger morphing his features, "don't let him in. Call us right away, and worst case, call the police."

"The police!" Laura cried out. Jillian smacked her lips in her sleep, and Laura lowered her voice. "Guys, I think I'm making you overreact. Frank's not harmful. He's never hurt me or threatened me before. It's not like that at all."

"You're freaked, though. I can smell it on you." Mike's words made Cyndi do a double take, but he was dead serious.

"I'm freaked out because it's just weird. And having him call here..."

"Why would he?" Dylan asked, but it was quickly clear his question was rhetorical, for he answered it himself, Mike and Laura all saying the word at the same time.

"Money."

Cyndi made a clucking sound. "People come out of the woodwork when it comes to big money," she said. "Not that I would know." Her rueful grin made Laura feel sheepish.

"We didn't live with money either, until a few years ago," Dylan said. "You know I was a firefighter and Mike was a ski instructor."

"We weren't exactly rich," Mike added.

"But you are now," Laura pointed out.

"We are," Dylan said. Everyone went quiet. Cyndi looked a bit embarrassed. Truth be told, the guys and Laura were, too. It was one thing to have money-their daily life made it clear that they did, because they had the freedom to spend their time as they pleased, a luxury more valuable than coin-but it was quite another to talk openly about it.

Which they didn't. Not generally.

Then again, the news channels had covered Mike and Dylan's inheritance after Jill died, so it was public knowledge.

Knowledge her Uncle Frank now had.

What on earth had happened to the pioneering lunch Laura had planned with Darla? The exchange of thoughts and feelings and ideas no one else experienced? Wasn't she supposed to be dealing with the emotional aftermath of that right now-and not of Frank?

Life changed on a dime, didn't it?

"I'm going to put her to sleep," Laura said in dulcet tones, as Mike huddled with Cyndi, sounds of reassurance telling Laura he was making sure the amazing nanny understood all was well. Dylan followed her into the bedroom, where she settled Jillian on the enormous California king bed that Mike, Dylan, and Laura shared.

He cocked an eyebrow.

"I know we're not co-sleeping with her anymore, but for tonight, I just want her there. I don't know why I'm so worried suddenly. It doesn't make sense, I know, but I don't care. I want to have her near me."

He pulled her into a warm embrace with arms like steel. "I understand, honey," he murmured against her cheek. "And besides, trying to squeeze into her crib isn't practical."

"You'd know," she said with a chuckle. "Remember that time it was the only way to get her to sleep? You took one for the team climbing in there with her."

"And Mike has the pictures to prove it," Dylan said with a pseudo-sour tone.

"You rang?" Mike appeared in the doorway. "My ears are burning. You guys talking about me?" His eyes lit on Jillian, a tiny cherub curled up in the center of the enormous bed, and he smiled.

"I see I'm going to get kicked in the kidneys all night," he said.

"And not from me this time," Dylan joked. Kind of. Dylan was the bed hog now that Laura wasn't pregnant.

Mike joined the embrace, covering the side of Laura that Dylan wasn't on. He kissed the top of her head and declared, "It'll all be fine. I'm sure this whole Frank business will turn out to be nothing."

Oh, how Laura wished he were right.

Oh, how wrong he turned out to be.

