Chapter One

I think I probably slept, at most, four hours that night. When I woke up the next morning I felt sick to my stomach as I lay in bed thinking about what had happened the night before. Jonathan was a cheater and a liar and I never wanted to see him again. What had I done to deserve having this happen to me twice in one year? Barbi's words kept playing over and over in my mind and I wished I could flip a switch and turn them off. 'You didn't know did you?' Had they been fooling around behind my back all along? I felt the tears welling up again as I thought about the incredible night I'd had with Jonathan that past Saturday, and I felt like a fool for sleeping with him. I really should have known better. He's gorgeous, rich, in a popular band and every girl wants him. Why should he just be with one girl?

I heard Katie's stretch and yawn float across the room and she looked over at me. "Sky, are you okay?"

"Not really, but I will be."

"I know you don't want to hear this, but I really think you should talk to him. He looked really upset when he came to our door last night. He didn't look guilty Sky, he looked distraught."

"Katie, she was na**d in his bed."

"Was he with her?"

"No, but he was coming back from the shower just wearing a towel."

"But you didn't see them together?"

"No Katie, but..."

"Just hear me out on this Sky. She was in his bed, but he wasn't there with her. Maybe she climbed into his bed to wait for him so she could come on to him when he got back from the shower. That girl has not been subtle about the fact that she wants him and I wouldn't put it past her to pull a stunt like this. Jonathan seems to really care about you Sky. I really think you should hear him out before you write him off."

I thought about what she said and part of me agreed with her, but the hurt part of me wanted nothing more to do with him.

"I don't know Katie. After what happened with Seth and Bethany I told myself I would never let that happen to me again. I don't want to be made a fool of, you know? What if they have been hooking up all along and he's just with me to throw his parents off? What if she's the girl he really wants to be with? Or even worse, what if he just wants her around so he can have sex with her? I don't want a guy like that, I don't care who he is or how gorgeous he is."

Katie's eyes were kind. "Sky, maybe just take a day or two and then go talk to him. Trust me on this, okay?"

I took a deep breath and let her words sink as I looked over at her.

"Okay, I'll give it a couple of days."

"Good. Now, we have just enough time to grab breakfast before class, so get dressed, and don't tell me that you aren't hungry. You have to eat, so time to get up."

I knew that she meant well so I didn't even put up a fight. I could have easily stayed in bed all day with my head under the covers, especially since I had zero appetite. But Katie was right, I had to eat something so I just got out of bed and grabbed my stuff for the shower.

When I looked at myself in the mirror I was horrified at how incredibly puffy my eyes were from all the crying I had done the night before. There was no way that I was going to be seen on campus looking like that so I decided that it was a sunglasses day for the entire day. The only time I took them off was the second I sat down for class, and then as soon as my class was over they went right back on to hide my eyes. I sat in the back of every class and avoided talking to anyone.

By the end of the day, my puffy eyes had subsided so I pushed my sunglasses on top of my head. Thankfully I made it through all of my classes that day without running into Jonathan. I was headed back to the dorm to drop off my books before dinner when walking toward me was the blonde bimbo. I could feel my blood begin to boil and I wanted to rip those extensions out of her head and smash her face into the ground. Daggers flew out of my eyes as we came closer to each other and I shoved my hands into my pockets so that I wouldn't hit her.

As she got closer, I remembered that, one day when I was 10 years old, I came home crying because someone called me names on the playground during recess that day at school. My step-dad sat with me, held my hand and told me the best way to handle someone who is mean to you or who says nasty things to you is to pretend that they don't exist. He said that people like that like to get a reaction out of you and it makes them feel good to know that they have hurt your feelings. I was not going to let Barbi know that she had affected me so instead of having my eyes throw daggers at her, I decided to look right through her.

She must have been feeling pretty bold because she walked right up to me and stopped in front of me with a nasty smirk on her face.

"Last night was so..."

I looked right past her, stepped around her and kept walking. I smiled to myself as I imagined the disbelief that was probably on her face at that minute. She didn't deserve one second of my time and I was not going to give it to her.

I ate dinner with a bunch of the girls and by that time they all knew what had happened between Jonathan and me.

Jenn couldn't stop talking about it and I really wished that she would.

"I knew that Barbi was a skank. Look at the way she dresses! Skylar, if he wants trash like that you are so much better off without him."

Amanda and a couple of the other girls co-signed what Jenn said.

Katie offered her two cents also, but I already knew where she stood with the whole thing. "You guys, I don't think we know the whole story yet. Sky still has to talk to him to hear what he has to say."

Jenn scoffed. "If it was me, I would say deuces and move on. Once a cheater, always a cheater."

"Well then it's a good thing it's not you." Katie for some reason seemed to be on Jonathan's side with this.

"Okay you guys. Can we please change the subject?" I'd had enough.

Katie gave me an apologetic look. "Sorry."

The conversation turned to shopping and I chimed in pretending to be interested. Even though my friends were trying to be supportive, I couldn't wait to be alone.

After dinner Katie went to the student union to meet Mike, her newest crush. He was really nice and pretty cute so I was happy that she'd found a cool guy. I went back to our room to get my books and I planned to bury myself in a secluded spot in the library. I didn't want to go to my usual spot because if Jonathan was at the library he would be able to find me. I had a lot of reading to do and I didn't want to be found by anyone. There was an empty study room on the top floor of the library, at the far end of the hall so I spread out my stuff and dove into the books. Thoughts of Jonathan would creep in every now and then and I just pushed them right out. My grades were my first priority and I was not going to let what happened with him screw up my scholarship.

At around midnight I couldn't read another word so I packed up and walked back to the dorm. Katie sent me a text saying that she was sleeping in Mike's room but I should call her if I needed her. I actually was kind of grateful to have the room to myself so that I could be alone with my thoughts. I had to figure out what to do about Jonathan.

I walked up to the door of my dorm and slid my key card to buzz myself in and I dropped my card inside the door as it was closing. When I bent down to pick it up my purse decided to fall off of my shoulder and everything inside spilled onto the floor. Perfect. An exasperated sigh escaped my lips as I dropped my heavy book bag to the ground and started picking up my stuff.

"Need some help?"

The smooth, deep voice sent chills up my spine and for just a second, I was frozen. Go away. Jonathan didn't wait for my response; he just got down on his knees and started helping me. I didn't look at him as he handed me my lipstick and other items. It was hard being so close to him because my heart wanted to forgive him but my head wanted none of that. He picked up my pen, which was the last thing on the floor and we both stood up as he handed it to me, my eyes fixed on the pen.

"Skylar, look at me please." His voice was gentle and my heart was pounding.

I slowly raised my eyes to his, my jaw set in defiance.

"What?" My voice was cold.

"Look, I know you're mad at me but will you please let me explain what you thought you saw?"

I narrowed my eyes at him, my hand firmly placed on my hip. "What I thought I saw? Jonathan I am not stupid and I am not blind, I have perfect vision. I know what I saw. Listen, I'm not going to do this right now, I'm exhausted. I barely got any sleep last night and I have a paper to finish this week, so I'm going to bed."

"Sky, we can't leave it like this, please." His eyes were pleading and I almost gave in...almost.

"I'm fine with things the way they are. I got to see your true colors sooner rather than later, which I guess I should thank you for." I turned to walk away from him and he caught my arm, stopping me in my tracks.

"Will you just give me 15 minutes tomorrow? I promise that I will leave you alone after that if that's what you want. Please?"

I thought about what he said and as much as I didn't want to admit it, I wanted to hear what he had to say and I was so hoping that he had a good explanation.

"Okay, fine. What time and where?"

"Your last class tomorrow is over at 2:10, right?"

"Yes."

"Let's meet at the park by the refreshment stand at 3:00. Does that work for you?"

There was a gorgeous park across the street from campus and I had always wanted to just take a walk with Jonathan through that park, but we were both always so swamped with homework. Even though things weren't good with us I had to admit that I was looking forward to meeting him in the park.

"Yes, 3:00 is fine."

His smile did not reach his eyes. "Okay, I'll see you then. Sleep well Sky."

I didn't answer him and I just walked away. We went our separate ways and, a few minutes later as I was lying in bed, I tried to figure out what he could possibly say to me to explain what happened. I was getting nowhere with that, so thankfully I eventually drifted off to sleep.

The next morning I met Jenn for breakfast and told her about my meeting with Jonathan that afternoon.

"Don't let him weasel his way back in there," she pointed to my heart, "unless you believe what he is saying 100 percent. What you saw seemed pretty self-explanatory to me so just be sure to listen to your head. I really hope he didn't sleep with her Sky because you guys are so perfect together, I hope he's the great guy he's made everyone think he is."

"You and me both." I looked out the window and got lost in my thoughts for a few seconds and then I looked around the cafeteria at the different guys that were there. How many of them were cheaters? There was no way to tell. They all looked like they were really nice guys but if the opportunity presented itself to them the way that Barbi threw herself at Jonathan, would they take the bait?

A heavy sigh escaped my lips as I looked at Jenn, my elbow on the table and my chin resting on my hand. "Guys suck."

"I couldn't agree with you more. I wonder when we'll be able to stop saying that. Maybe when we're married because we've found the perfect guy."

"Yeah, I hope so. Anyway, what's going on with you? Any prospects yet?"

"I've kind of been talking to Kyle Bomer, do you know who he is?"

"Uh, do you mean the cute baseball player? Of course I know who he is! Wow, Jenn, good for you!"

"Yeah, he's pretty awesome so far, but things are still new so we'll see what happens."

"Well, keep me posted." I glanced at my watch and saw that it was almost 9:00. "We better get going, it' almost time for class."

We put away our trays and rushed off to our first class. I forced myself to focus in my classes that day and I was able to get lost in the lessons, absorbing as much information as I could. When my last class was over, the butterflies flew to my belly as I realized that I was going to see Jonathan in a few minutes. I stopped in the bathroom to freshen up, checked my hair and makeup and took a deep breath as I walked out.

It was a short walk to the park and with each step I began to feel more panicked. I wanted to hear what he had to say but I was afraid to hear it at the same time. As I got closer I could see Jonathan sitting on the bench waiting for me and he easily could have been posing for a picture in a magazine. He was wearing a dark wool coat, jeans, a light blue sweater, and his dark hair fell in perfect waves on his head. He was sitting on a bench under a huge tree whose leaves were a beautiful gold and red and he looked breathtakingly gorgeous.

My heart was thumping in my chest as I got closer and a big smile spread across his face as he stood up to greet me.

"Hi." He looked genuinely happy to see me.

"Hey."

"Thanks for meeting me Sky, it means a lot."

"You're welcome." I quickly glanced at him and then looked away because the longing in his eyes was too much to take.

"Do you want to walk through the park?"

"Sure."

We walked in silence for a couple of minutes and I kind of got lost in my surroundings because they were so beautiful. There were huge trees with golden, brown and red leaves all around us and it would have been a really romantic setting if Jonathan and I were in a better place with each other.

"This park is beautiful, isn't it?" He tried to make small talk and that actually annoyed me because I was waiting for him to explain why Barbi was na**d in his bed.

Exasperation was written all over my face as I stop in my tracks and turned to look at him. "Jonathan, I have a paper to work on so can you just please get on with whatever it is you want to say to me? I don't have all day."

His eyes searched mine and he reached out and grabbed my hands in his. "Skylar, I love you. I would never do anything to hurt you and I would never cheat on you. I just would never do that to you. Nothing happened with Barbi, I promise you that."

I really wanted to believe him, but I know what I saw.

"Why was she na**d in your bed?"

"What?!" He seemed genuinely shocked.

"I saw her na**d in your bed Jonathan, don't try to act like it didn't happen."

"Skylar, I swear to you I have no idea what you're talking about, she was gone when I got back to my room!"

"Do you really think that playing dumb is going to work with me? Jonathan, I saw Barbi na**d in your bed, she was holding up a sheet to cover her bare chest and she had a huge smirk on her face. She implied that you guys have sex every week and that it has been going on behind my back."

I had never seen Jonathan truly angry until that very minute. His eyes filled with fire as he looked off into the distance and I could see that his face was filled with rage. He turned to me and tried to control his anger as he spoke.

"I promise you Skylar, nothing ever happened between me and Barbi. I know you have a paper to work on but can you give me 30 more minutes so that I can clear this up?"

I could tell that he was sincere and I also wanted to find out how he intended to clear this up.

"Yes, I can do that."

Relief swept over his face and he put his hand on my shoulder and gave it a soft squeeze. "Thank you."

Jonathan quickly whipped out his cell phone, dialed a number and I was not shocked to hear who he was calling.

"Barbi? Can you meet me at the park near the silver statue in 10 minutes?" His voice was firm and left no room for her to say no. He ended the call and turned to me.

"I'm going to put an end to this, I want you to know that you can trust me."

"Jonathan, she's just going to lie to you to try to cover her tracks."

He held my hand as his eyes searched mine.

"I am going to be very direct with her, she won't have any room to lie. I really don't like that she is making up lies about me. I won't stand for that. It's important that you know that you can trust me Sky. I would never hurt you."

I was beginning to believe that I might have made a mistake about him and the whole Barbi thing, and to be honest I was happy that she was going to meet him at the park. She had no idea I was there so she would totally be put on the spot, which I couldn't wait to see.

We walked over to the statue and sat on the bench to wait for her. As soon as we sat down I saw her long blonde extensions flying in the wind and it couldn't have been more than six minutes that had passed since he called. She must have rushed over here when he called her. Desperate much?

Her pace slowed to a near crawl when her eyes locked with mine and I couldn't help but sneer at her, just a little. She made her way over to us and had a nervous look of caution written all over her face.

"Hi Jonathan." She managed a feeble smile and looked over at me. "Hi Skylar."

I didn't say one word to her.

"Barbara, have a seat." Jonathan's voice was firm and cold.

She sat on the end of the bench so that Jonathan was sitting between us.

"I am going to ask you these questions one time and I expect to hear the truth." His voice was cold as steel and fire danced in his eyes.

She shifted in her seat and looked thoroughly uncomfortable as she responded to him. "Okay."

"Were you na**d in my bed when Sky came down there last night?"

Her eyes frantically searched the ground before she raised them to meet his, a look of guilt clearly written all over her face.

"Kind of, but I can explain that." She looked scared as she muttered her answer.

I could see that Jonathan was clenching his jaw and he adjusted his coat before he asked the next question.

"Did you imply that we were having sex?"

She looked extremely uncomfortable and she should have been. I had never heard Jonathan's voice sound so ominous and it was enough to make anyone squirm.

"Yes, but..."

He cut her off as fire flashed across his eyes.

"Barbara, tell Skylar the truth right now!" His voiced boomed across the park and several people turned to look at us to watch what was going on.

Barbi turned to look at me and she looked like a lost little girl, terrified to death. Her sad eyes searched mine as they were welling up with tears. I probably should have felt sorry for her but I didn't. I had no room in my life for girls like her.

She took a deep breath before she spoke. "Sky, nothing happened with Jonathan and me and nothing ever has. I'm sorry I made you think something was going on with us."

Relief swept over me as I realized what this meant; Jonathan had not lied to me. He was the awesome guy I thought he was all along and I wanted to fling my arms around him and give him a huge hug.

"Barbara, I have been nothing but kind to you since you came into our family, welcoming you when many other people have dismissed you. For you to scheme and lie to try to ruin what I have with Skylar is unforgiveable. I think it is best that you get your own flight home for Thanksgiving and don't expect me to pick you up from the airport. I will still be civil of course, because technically you are family, but any sort of friendship we had is over. You are on your own. Are we clear?" His eyes nearly bore a hole into her as he waited for her answer.

She was full on crying now and starting to make a spectacle of herself.

"I'm sorry Jonathan, I really am! I promise nothing like this will ever happen again! Your friendship means so much to me, please don't cut me off like this, I don't have anyone to turn to! I'm all alone!" Her sobs racked her body as she buried her head in her hands.

Now I felt sorry for her as I realized that she was a desperately lonely person who was only looking for attention. It all kind of made sense as I thought back to the sad look on her face when I asked her where her parents were for Parent's Weekend. Jonathan told me that her mom kind of dumped her whenever she met a new husband and it turns out that Ethan was husband number five.

I don't know what came over me but I felt bad for the girl, and I knew that I would have to try to convince Jonathan to reconsider cutting her off cold turkey. Maybe he could just keep her at arm's length and not let her get too close again, but completely cut her off? That wasn't the answer. I looked at Jonathan and I'm sure that he could see the concern written all over my face. I never wanted anyone to feel that they were all alone in the world, not even Barbi who was just a lonely girl deep down inside, it was too heartbreaking for me.

Clearly I was going to be the bigger person here and extend the olive branch. I seriously doubted that she would have done that for me if the roles were reversed but I didn't care, she was seriously hurting and it ran much deeper than a crush on my boyfriend. My boyfriend. I think that was the first time I actually thought of him that way.

I thought back to the scene with Bethany and Seth and wondered why I didn't feel sorry for those two, and I realized that they both knew better. They came from loving families and had tons of friends; they just wanted to screw each other behind my back. I quickly tossed them out of my mind, annoyed that I even took the time to think about them.

I looked over at Barbi who had now pulled her knees up, her arms wrapped around them and her head buried between them as she gently rocked back and forth. I glanced over at Jonathan and motioned for him to step away with me. He got up quietly and we stood a few feet away and lowered our voices to a whisper.

"Jonathan she is really hurting, I don't think you should just cut her off like that. Maybe just don't let her get too close but let her know that she's not completely alone. She probably needs to talk to someone professionally so maybe you can suggest that to her at some point."

He looked at me with amazement as a smile slowly spread across his face. "You are incredible. After what she tried to do to us, you are concerned about her. That is so selfless of you Sky; I knew I loved you for a reason." He took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. "Okay, I'll let her know that she's not alone, but I'll also be clear about boundaries so we don't have another misunderstanding like this."

We went back over to Barbi and Jonathan's voice was gentle this time. "Barbs."

She raised her bloodshot eyes to him and cautiously looked at both of us.

"I may have been too hard on you, I don't want you to think that you're all alone because you're not. But things have to change. No more lies, no more trying to make people think that something is going on between us, and most importantly, no more snide cattiness toward Skylar. She is my girlfriend and she is not going anywhere. If you need something I want you to always call first, no more dropping by unannounced. I'm serious Barbs. Are we clear on all of this?"

Her eyes were filled with gratitude and she frantically nodded her head. "Thank you Jonathan." She looked over at me. "Sky, I'm really sorry about everything. He didn't know that I was in his bed. I stopped by his room to vent about my mom because she told me she might not be around for Thanksgiving after all if Ethan could get out of having to work over the holiday. We chatted for a while but I still needed to talk, so when Jonathan left his room he thought I was leaving and I climbed in his bed for the attention. I wasn't really naked, I had on a tube top and jeans. I guess the reason I've been nasty toward you is that I could see how much Jonathan cares about you and I knew that meant there wouldn't be room for me anymore. It's not that I like him like that, it's just that he's been so nice to me since my mom married into the family and I've never had any kind of family, so I didn't want to lose that relationship. I thought if I made you think something was going on with us, you would dump him and I wouldn't lose the only family I've ever had. I'm really sorry for everything."

You could have knocked me over with a feather. Never in a million years would I have expected an apology like that. I looked at her and smiled.

"Apology accepted."

Don't get me wrong, I still didn't trust the girl but I was willing to give her a second chance. Jonathan stood looking at her and I could tell that he was trying to figure out if she was being sincere. I could also tell that he was over the drama.

"I'm really glad we got this cleared up Barbi, will you be okay going back by yourself?"

"Yeah, I'll be fine. Jonathan, again, I'm sorry about everything and thanks for giving me another chance, it means a lot."

"No problem. I'm going to take a walk with Sky so we'll see you around, ok?"

"Okay, see you guys later."

She slowly walked back to campus and Jonathan casually grabbed my hand and we strolled through the park.

"I'm relieved that is over and I'm happy the truth came out." His voice was calm and he seemed more relaxed.

"About that. I'm sorry I didn't believe you."

"No, you don't have to apologize to me. I had no idea that when you walked into my room she appeared to be na**d in my bed. No wonder you were so upset! I'm sorry you even had to deal with that Sky and I'm happy that we're okay again. We are okay, right?" His eyes were cautiously optimistic.

A huge smile spread across my face as my eyes searched his. "Yes, we're perfect."

He stopped in the middle of the walking path and turned to face me, smoothing my windblown hair out of my eyes, his eyes very serious.

"Good, because I don't know what I would have done if I had lost you. I love you Sky."

I wanted to melt right there as the butterflies started to flutter. "I love you too."

He leaned down to me and his lips gently touched mine, lingering for a couple of seconds. When he pulled back a bit to look at me I could see a look of concern in his eyes and I could tell that he had something on his mind.

"Do you still want to come home with me for Thanksgiving?" He looked nervous as he waited for my answer.

I didn't even hesitate and I smiled at him. "Of course I do, I'm looking forward to it."

He looked relieved and a huge smile covered his face. "I was hoping you would say that. I'll let you know more details later this week."

"Okay, I can't wait. Oh, what time is it?" I had gotten so lost in us that I completely forgot about all of the work I had to do on my paper.

"It's almost 4:30, sorry I've kept you so long, I know you have a paper to get to, are you ready to go back?"

"Yeah, I need to finish this thing tonight. Jonathan, thanks for today, I feel much better."

"Me too."

Chapter Two

Jonathan and I fell back into our usual routine of studying together and me

sleeping in his room. I was with him so much that a lot of my clothes and other things were in his room because it was just easier to get ready in the mornings.

Thanksgiving was fast approaching and we were leaving for the Hamptons the Wednesday before. He told me that his family always went to their Hampton's house because they hosted so many people, and the New York townhouse didn't have enough bedrooms for everyone. I tried to convince Jonathan to let Barbi fly with us but he insisted that she get her own flight, he still was very upset by what she did and was not as quick to forgive as I was.

The morning we were leaving I became extremely nervous as it began to sink in that I was going to meet his whole family that day. Since his parents were so nice I was really hoping that everyone else would be too but I had no idea what to expect. What kinds of questions were they going to ask me? Would I be able to relate to them on any level? We had never traveled anywhere fancy or eaten at expensive restaurants so if they started talking about things like that it was going to be magnified how different I was from them.

Katie was still packing her bags when Jonathan came to help me with mine.

"Knock, knock. Are you ready?"

I looked up to see him standing in our doorway and it really was incredible how flippin' gorgeous he was. He instantly made me feel better and all of my insecurities subsided for a bit knowing that I would have him by my side. I smiled at him and slung my purse over my shoulder.

"Ready."

I turned to Katie and gave her a big hug. "Have a great Thanksgiving."

"You too, I'll see you next week. Have a good Thanksgiving Jonathan."

"You too Katie."

He grabbed my suitcase and I was just about to follow him when Katie grabbed my arm and pulled me back so that she could whisper in my ear. "I want every single detail when you get back!"

I smiled at her, gave her a quick wink and mouthed, 'definitely'.

The ride to the airport was not very long and I noticed that we were driving to a different part of the airport that I did not recognize.

"Which airline are we flying because I don't think American and United are out here. We're out in the middle of nowhere."

He smiled at me and chuckled. "We're taking my family's jet."

My mouth fell open and I was completely shocked. "Your family has their own plane?"

"Yeah, it'll just be us and the flight attendant."

"Wow, okay." His world of wealth was so foreign to me. Private plane? Really? My insecurities reared their ugly head again as I thought about how I just did not fit in with this world. I must have looked worried because he turned to me with a look of concern.

"Is something wrong?"

"Jonathan, I don't know about this, this really isn't my world and I'm just not used to being around people who have so much money. I'm going to stick out like a sore thumb."

The car pulled up to the tarmac and we sat there for a few minutes before we got out.

"Skylar, listen to me, the stuff that my family has does not make us who we are. Even though we have more material things than the average person, we are hard working, down to earth people. Please don't let the nice things intimidate you. No one in my family will care how much money you have, all they care about is that you like me for who I am and not what I have. You'll see, they're all really nice, fun people and they're going to love you as much as I do, okay?"

I had to admit that I felt a little bit better after hearing him say that. We got out of the car, the driver took care of our bags and we boarded the plane. Once I walked onto the plane I was literally blown away because I had never seen anything like it. You see private planes on TV and in movies but I don't think you can ever really be prepared for what it's actually going to be like once you are inside of one. It was so gorgeous inside; it looked like a high end condo! It actually had bedrooms, full bathrooms, a conference room and more. It was so crazy to me that I was actually on that plane. This cannot really be my life right now.

We took our seats and shortly after that we took off. Jonathan kind of briefed me on what the schedule was going to be and whom I would be meeting. They were hosting family and friends this year so they were expecting around 20 people. Apparently his family liked to schedule just about everything, even down time, so at least I knew what I would be doing every day.

The flight was really short, about an hour, and we touched down before I knew it. A car was waiting to pick us up and as we drove into Southampton I was completely in awe of the beautiful mansions I saw. We rounded a corner and began to pull up to a section called the estate section and we went through gates to get in there and then we drove up to an enormous mansion set behind another set of gates. This can't be their house. It looked like something you'd see on one of those celebrity home shows. The gates opened for us and we made the long drive up to the house. I was nervous and didn't want to get out of the car but Jonathan was able to coax me out.

"Come on, they will love you, you'll see."

"Do you think Barbi is here yet?"

"No, she'll be here tonight."

"Oh, okay." I tried to disguise the disappointment in my voice and as much as I hated to admit it, I kind of wished that Barbi was already there because if she were, I would know at least one person besides Jonathan and his parents.

We stepped inside the house and immediately several people that I did not recognize came rushing toward us.

"Jonny! You made it!" A stunning, elegant woman in her mid-twenties with long blonde hair walked toward us and she was so pretty that it was hard for me to stop staring at her. She had a huge smile on her face, wrapped her arms around him in a big bear hug and must have kissed his cheek 10 times. His face was beet red as he tried to pull away.

"Claire, you're embarrassing me!"

His sister was more beautiful than he had described.

"I know, but I miss you!" She gave him a once over. "You look thin. Are you eating enough?"

He rolled his eyes. "Oh my gosh, yes mom. Okay, okay enough about me, I want you to meet someone."

Claire turned to me with a huge smile on her face. "I know who this is, Skylar it's so nice to meet you." She gave me a big hug and I was instantly put at ease.

"It's nice to meet you too Claire, Jonathan has told me so much about you and your sister. It must be pretty amazing to be able to dance professionally all over the world."

"I have to admit it's not bad!"

We both giggled and I felt an immediate connection to her, she seemed really nice.

"There he is!" A gorgeous clone of Jonathan's father gave him a huge hug and then smiled at me. "And I think I know who this lovely young lady is."

"Hi uncle Jake, this is my girlfriend Skylar." Jonathan was beaming as he introduced me.

I mean, talk about good looks running in the family, his uncle was beautiful!

"It is nice to meet you Skylar, I hope you will excuse the craziness of this weekend. My family can be a bit goofy at times but we're harmless." He gave me a quick wink and I could feel my cheeks getting warm. These Hunter men have that sexy, masculine thing down to a science!

We were having a good chuckle when a beautiful older woman joined us. She smiled at me and gave me a hug.

"You must be Skylar, you are simply gorgeous! Jonathan, you described her perfectly."

I looked over at him and he winked at me as I smiled back at him.

"Sky, this is my aunt Lauren."

"It's so nice to meet you Mrs. Hunter."

"Oh please, call me Lauren."

"Um, okay."

Jonathan chimed in next to me. "My uncle Jake and aunt Lauren are super laid back, you'll see as the weekend progresses."

"That's true Skylar, my brother is the much more stuffy one of the two of us, but don't tell anyone I told you that!"

"What was that I just heard? One of my sons disparaging the other?" A regal, elderly woman slowly walked into the room shaking her fist at him and Jake looked like he reverted to a little boy before my eyes.

"I was just joking mother!" He laughed.

She walked over to us and you could see the love in her eyes as she looked at Jonathan. She reached out and wrapped her arms around him and gave him as big a hug as she could muster.

"Jonathan, it's good to see you sweetheart."

"It's good to see you too Nana Bunny. I'd like for you to meet my girlfriend Skylar Miller."

She looked at me and immediately smiled at me and then hugged me. "Hello dear, it's lovely to meet you. Please call me Bunny, okay? Jonathan has told me so much about you and it's nice to finally meet the girl who has captured my grandson's heart. I hope you enjoy yourself this weekend, we know it must be difficult to be away from home so we want you to feel at home here."

"Thank you Bunny, that means a lot to me, and it's nice to meet you as well."

I finally started to relax because everyone was so nice to me and didn't make me feel out of place at all. I was chatting with Jonathan and his aunt Lauren who told me that her kids were coming the next day, when I heard a vaguely familiar male voice echo across the room.

"Abigail, this discussion is over, do you hear me? You are forbidden to see that man again, is that clear?!"

Mr. Hunter's deep voice boomed at the younger woman who was walking behind him with a full on pout on her face. Jonathan's mom followed them into the room and I saw her roll her eyes in disgust and glance at Jonathan's uncle Jake and aunt Lauren. They both had a look of concern on their faces and they walked over to Mrs. Hunter and began speaking in a low voice, but they were so close to where I was standing I could clearly hear their conversation.

"Sarah, what happened?" Lauren sounded very worried.

"They got into a fight and he left her at the side of the road, can you believe that? Anything could have happened to her!"

"I thought Joshua told her to break it off?" Jake sounded just as concerned.

"He did, but she claims that she loves him and can't live without him. Ugh, I wish he would just go away, he is nothing but trouble!"

"I know, but look at the bright side, at least she's not pregnant."

"Bite your tongue!"

Mrs. Hunter's voice was full volume when she said that and everyone turned to look at her, including me. Her eyes met mine and she instantly smiled and rushed over to hug me.

"Skylar, I'm so happy you made it! Please forgive the rude display a few minutes ago, we had a small emergency to deal with." She pulled Jonathan into a big hug and kissed his cheek. "Hi darling, I'm glad you made it safely."

She glanced around the room and I could tell that she was looking for someone. "Speaking of rude display, where is Abigail?" Her question was posed to no one in particular but Mr. Hunter walked over to us to answer her.

"She went to her room to change her clothes and freshen up, she'll be down in a few minutes." He gave Jonathan a hug and he turned to look at me and smiled. "Skylar, it's nice to see you again. Was your flight okay?"

He was so masculine, so handsome, and he had this super confident thing going on, that it was very distracting to look at him. Yep, this is Jonathan in 30 plus years. Somehow I was able to collect my thoughts and put together a coherent sentence.

"Yes, it was wonderful. I have never flown in a private jet before. Thank you for flying me here."

"You are very welcome my dear, I hope you enjoy your time here this weekend. We are certainly very happy to have you here." He winked at me and I could feel the warmth flood my cheeks.

Just then I heard heels clicking on the floor and a statuesque brunette, wearing a form fitting, simple black dress and black high heeled boots walked over to Mrs. Hunter. She was pretty but nowhere near as stunning as her twin sister.

"Mom, I can't find my phone. Do you or daddy have it?"

She didn't so much as glance in my direction.

"Abigail Hunter, where are your manners? We did not raise you to behave so rudely toward our guests." Mr. Hunter's voice was firm and Abigail's eyes gave me a withering once over and then she plastered a saccharin sweet smile on her face.

"Oh how rude of me, I apologize. Who is this?"

His parents seemed satisfied once they heard her apology and walked over to talk with Bunny, Lauren and Jake, and Jonathan was not pleased and I could see him tense up as he spoke to her.

"Abby, this is my girlfriend Sklyar who I told you about, remember? Sky, this is my sister Abby."

She slowly gave me a head to toe once over and her cold, dark eyes settled in mine as her lips pulled across her teeth to make a forced smile.

"Oh, right, right, Skylar. Well Sky, it's nice to meet you." I don't know if it was possible for her to sound any less thrilled to meet me.

Nervous butterflies fluttered in my belly and I could feel my mouth go dry as I tried to speak.

"It's nice to meet you too Abby. Jonathan has told me so much about you. I was telling your sister I thought it must be pretty awesome to be professional ballerinas."

"You were, huh?" She glanced over at Claire who was chatting with Lauren and rolled her eyes. "And what did my perfect sister say?"

Whoa, what is going here?

"She agreed that it was awesome." I glanced at Jonathan and then back at Abby and managed a cautious smile.

"I'll bet she did." There was definite snarkiness in that comment.

"Abigail! What is wrong with you?" Jonathan's irritated voice caught me off guard and I could tell that he was not pleased.

"Nothing Jonny, I'm just getting to know your little friend here."

"You need an attitude adjustment right now! You're being rude, now cut it out!"

She cut her eyes toward me and apologized but it just didn't ring true. "I'm sorry if I was rude Skylar, I had a huge fight with my boyfriend and I'm not in the best mood right now. Can you forgive me?"

The sincerity did not reach her eyes so I didn't know how to respond her. I decided that the best thing to do was just play along so as not to cause any sort of drama with the entire family there.

I forced a smile. "Of course, I'm just happy that I was able to finally meet you."

Jonathan seemed satisfied by our exchange so we joined the rest of the family and talked about the plans for the weekend. A few minutes later, Jonathan's mom showed me to my room which was absolutely gorgeous. I felt like I was in a fancy hotel by the way that everything was set up, I even had my own adjoining bathroom! My bags were already in my room and I started to unzip my suitcase when Mrs. Hunter asked if she could talk to me for a few minutes. Oh no, what have I done wrong? I was terrified of what she was going to say to me.

"Sure."

"Have a seat next me, Skylar." She patted the spot next to her on the edge of my bed and I felt a very uncomfortable and scared to death of what she was going to say. Is this where she tells me that I'm not good enough for her son and the only reason I'm there is because he insisted that I join them?

When I looked at her I was able to relax a bit because the look on her face was so gentle and kind. I sat next to her and turned so that I could see her face.

"Skylar, I know that this world we live in can be intimidating because there are so few people in the world that are able to live this way. But I want you to know something, this family is very accepting and what matters most to us is how much we care for one another. Things are just that, things. I didn't come from this world, I grew up with basically nothing and I worked my way to the top, and it didn't matter one bit to Joshua that I didn't have a pedigree. All that mattered was how much we cared for one another, money has never been an issue. I'm telling you this just to let you know that it's what's in your heart that matters to us, not what's in your bank account. I hope I haven't made you uncomfortable with this little talk, that wasn't my intention at all. I really want you to enjoy yourself and feel comfortable while you're here this weekend."

"Thank you for telling me this Mrs. Hunter because, to be honest, I was feeling very out of place and a bit insecure."

"There will never be any reason for you to feel that way around us, I just want you to know that. Our son adores you so that means that we adore you, okay?" Her smile was so incredibly genuine and welcoming and I couldn't help but smile back at her.

"Okay."

"Alright, I will let you get back to unpacking and when you're done just come on downstairs, we're going to have hot chocolate and sit by the fire and chat."

"Okay, I'll be down in a few minutes."

She closed the door behind her and I sat on the bed and took it all in for just a minute. I could not believe that I was in a gorgeous mansion in the Hamptons. What? Who really lives like this? It was all so crazy to me and I was going to enjoy every single minute of it.

I heard a light tap on my door which snapped me out of my daydream, and I told the person to come in. Jonathan stood there, beautiful as ever, with a big smile on his face.

"Are you getting settled in okay?"

"Yes, everything is great. Jonathan, this house is so amazing and your mom is so amazing. She had a talk with me a few minutes ago and she really put me at ease."

"Oh good, I'm glad. What did she want to talk to you about?"

"She just let me know that this wasn't the world that she grew up in and what matters most to your family is how much you all care about each other. This is all so new for me and I'm just not used to being around people who have so much. I know I'm probably starting to sound like a broken record, but it's true and I was beginning to feel really insecure about it. But she really put me at ease and I feel so much more comfortable now. I think I'm going to really enjoy myself here with you guys this weekend."

"I hope so Sky. While we're talking about that, I have to apologize for my sister Abby, she can be a real bitch sometimes and I just didn't expect her to treat you like that, you didn't deserve that."

"Yeah, what was her deal? Your sister Claire was the polar opposite of Abby, she was so sweet to me. I don't think Abby likes me, and she doesn't even know me!"

"It's not personal, Abby has her issues and has this silly feud with Claire, there's a long-standing sibling rivalry there which has never really been resolved. Claire tries to talk to her but Abby doesn't seem to want to let her get close. Our parents have even suggested counseling for them but Abby doesn't want to do it, so they continue to argue but deep down I know that they love each other. At least that's what I keep telling myself."

"Wow, heavy."

"Tell me about it. Anyway, let's not let that ruin our time here this weekend, Abby will just have to get over herself and my mom will see to it that she does. Are you ready to go downstairs and have some delicious hot chocolate?"

"Sure, let's go."

Chapter Three

We were sitting around the dinner table when I heard a familiar voice enter the room.

"Hi everyone, sorry I'm so late. I couldn't fly with Jonathan and Sky so I had to fly commercial and my flight was delayed."

Barbi strolled in wearing a low cut tight sweater, tight jeans, tall black boots and a mink fur, her blonde extensions flowing down her back. She looked ridiculous.

"Hi Barbi, why did you have to fly commercial?" Abby looked thoroughly concerned at the thought, like the world was ending.

"Jonathan thought it was best that I get my own flight."

Um, girl, you're not going to throw him under the bus like that. I surprised myself because I didn't even hesitate to defend him in front of everyone.

"Barbi, we both know he had his reasons. If you had not tried to break us up, he would have welcomed you on the flight with us, right?" My eyes held hers as she tried to look away.

She looked visibly uncomfortable as she was forced to tell the truth, and all eyes were on her.

She glared at me and then answered me. "Yes, and I apologized for the misunderstanding." Her glare became even stronger.

We had settled things back in the park that day, but it had not turned into any sort of friendship, not by a long shot. I had tried to give her the benefit of the doubt and I thought she might have had some redeeming qualities, but I wasn't seeing them and I still didn't trust the girl and neither did Jonathan.

"Let's be clear Barbi, there was no misunderstanding, you blatantly tried to break us up. But we've already covered that and it's water under the bridge now, so let's move on."

I glanced around the table and realized that his family was looking at me with awe and admiration, everyone but Abby, of course.

"Jonny, sweetheart, this girl is a keeper." Bunny had a big grin on her face as she winked at Jonathan, and then her look turned to disgust as her eyes landed on Barbi's outfit.

"Barbara please go change into more appropriate clothing, no one here is interested in seeing your bosom and the outline of your figure." Bunny did not mince words and I really liked that about her. Jonathan was right when he told me she was the spryest little thing I would ever meet.

Barbi's cheeks turned beet red as she sulked away to go change her clothes.

"Ethan really needs to get that girl under control, she looks atrocious and she's making our family look bad. I don't want our family to be associated with someone like that. Joshua, Jake, I want both of you to have a talk with Ethan about that girl. She needs to shape up and be quick about it." Bunny was not happy.

"Yes mother." Both men spoke in unison.

It was really interesting to me to see what the general consensus was about Barbi in that family. The only person who seemed to like her in that room was Abby, and after the way they both treated me, that should not have come as any sort of surprise.

"Well, it's getting late, we've had a tough few days at school, tons of work, so we're going to turn in, if that's okay with everyone."

"You are most certainly not going to turn in with Skylar young man, we have raised you better than that. You may walk her to her room and say good night and then I expect for you to go to your room to retire for the evening. Do we understand each other?" Mr. Hunter's voice was firm as he furrowed his brow at Jonathan.

"Dad, I didn't mean that she and I were going to go retire in a room together, I meant that we're both very tired and going to go retire to our individual rooms, that's all."

"Okay, good, I'm glad to hear that. Well, you two get some rest and we will see you in the morning for breakfast. Skylar, if you need anything please do not hesitate to ask."

"Okay, Mr. Hunter, thank you. Goodnight everyone, I will see you all in the morning."

Jonathan closed the door behind us after we entered my room and he immediately gathered me in his arms and gave me a soft, sensual kiss. "I have been waiting to do that all day."

"Jonathan, we can't do that because I won't want to stop and we have to stop since we're in your parent's house. I don't want to do anything to make them not like me. I already have an uphill battle with Abby, which I can handle, but I don't want to have an uphill battle with the rest of your family. Things are good right now with everyone so we'll have to wait to be together until we get back to school."

"Okay, but you have to at least give me little pecks. I can't go the entire weekend without kissing you Sky."

"Okay, here, is this what you want?"

I pulled him down to me and gave him a soft lingering peck.

"Or is this what you want?" I pulled him down to me for a longer kiss and I was a total hypocrite because I got caught up in the kiss and I didn't want to stop. I was doing exactly what I just told him I couldn't do. But I couldn't help myself because he was so sexy.

He wrapped his arms around me and pulled me close to him as his tongue slid over mine. His fingers laced through my hair, grabbing fistfuls as his kiss became more needing and wanting. I pressed my body against his and I laced my fingers through his hair as a soft moan escaped my lips. I could feel his arousal and I wished so badly that we were back at the dorm in his room so that I could let him have his way with me. His hands roamed slowly over my body, cupping my br**sts and squeezing my behind and my core began to throb, aching to be filled.

I suddenly pulled away and we were both panting like animals in heat.

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have done that, especially when I knew how difficult it would be for me to stop. I want to be with you so badly but we have to wait until we get back to school. We're going to have to be good while we're here, right?"

He looked at me and gently ran his hand over my hair, letting a finger slowly caress my cheek and then slide across my bottom lip.

"Yes, sweetie, we'll be good. But when we get back to school, you better be ready because I have a lot of lost time with you to make up for." His voice was raw as he ground out the words.

His eyes were filled with lust as they held mine and the butterflies were going crazy in my belly, the good butterflies this time.

"I better go to my room before I don't have the strength to leave you. Good night my love, sleep well." He leaned down and gave me a sweet peck on the cheek, his stubble lightly grazing my skin, before leaving my room.

I got ready for bed and crawled under the covers feeling as if I was on cloud nine. I drifted off to sleep thinking of kisses from Jonathan.

Chapter Four

The next morning Jonathan came to my room to get me for breakfast and if it was even possible, I think he looked more gorgeous than he had the day before.

"Good morning sunshine, how did you sleep?"

"I slept like a baby, I don't know if I've ever been in a more comfortable bed in my life. How did you sleep, honey?"

"Honey, I like that. I also slept like a baby. Knowing that you were here probably had a lot to do with it. So, are you ready for today?"

I gave him a curious look. "What do you mean? What's going on today besides Thanksgiving dinner?"

"Ice-skating! We didn't mention it last night because my aunt Lauren likes guests to be a little bit surprised when they hang out with us. Her best friend came to visit once and had no idea about the ice skating trip, and tried to get out of it, but aunt Lauren wouldn't let her and she ended up having the best time! Every single person in my family loves to go ice-skating because no one knows how to do it very well. We all end up falling on our butts and laughing our heads off, but it is so much fun."

"I had no idea you like to ice skate! I love ice-skating! How soon are we going?"

"The car will pick us up after breakfast, but you'll have time to change into more ice-skating appropriate clothes first."

"Okay, sounds good. I'm starved, let's go eat!"

After breakfast I quickly changed my clothes and met Jonathan by the front door. The car was waiting for us outside and we were riding with Abby, Claire and Barbi. I wasn't too thrilled about that but I didn't have much say in the matter so I decided to put on a happy face.

Barbi was barely speaking to me after our exchange the night before and Abby wouldn't even look in my direction. Thank goodness Claire was there to break the ice otherwise it would have been super awkward if it was just me, Jonathan, Abby and Barbi in the car.

"So Skylar, do you like to ice skate?" Thankfully Claire broke the ice. I think Jonathan was completely oblivious to the tension being directed toward me from Abby and Barbi.

I perked up and was happy to talk to her. "I do, I go every winter back home."

"Oh good, you and I can race aunt Lauren. You wouldn't think it because she's older, but she can still fly around the rink like nobody's business."

"Oh fun, I love a challenge! Is the rink big?"

She answered but I didn't hear her because all I could hear was the snide comment Abby whispered in Barbi's ear.

"Look at the new best friends."

They both giggled quietly and I have to say my feelings were hurt. I had tried to be nice to Barbi, even after what she did with the whole being in Jonathan's bed thing, and Abby didn't even know me and wasn't giving me any kind of chance at all. I was starting to think that the person I was seeing was who she really was. The whole 'I'm sorry I'm being a jerk to you because I broke up with my boyfriend' story was no longer going to fly with me. The girl just didn't like me and I didn't know what to do about it.

"Abby, is there a problem?" Claire's voice was firm.

Abby sneered at her. "Are you my keeper or something? No, there isn't a problem. Do you have a problem?"

"Come on you guys, cut it out. Do you have to fight every single time we all get together? Can we just agree to be polite around my guest? Abby that question was for you." Exasperation was written all over Jonathan's face and the firm tone in his voice left no room for back talk. Even though he was the younger brother, he had an authority with his sisters that went way beyond his young years, and to my surprise they actually listened to him.

Abby looked apologetic and smiled at him. "I'm sorry Jonny, can you forgive me?"

His eyes were cold as they searched hers.

"Are you forgetting something?"

She glanced at me and I could see that it was a struggle for her to speak to me. "I'm sorry about that comment Skylar. I just haven't been myself since my boyfriend broke up with me."

That excuse was getting really old but I didn't want to seem confrontational so I just smiled and didn't say anything.

"That's better, now let's all have fun at the rink." Jonathan seemed to be satisfied with what she said but I knew that she wasn't being sincere.

Surprisingly, through all of this, Barbi didn't really say very much and I don't know if it was because she was on my side or she just didn't want to get in middle of it. In any event, I decided that I was going to have fun with Jonathan and the family members that did like me.

We pulled up to the rink a few minutes later and I was amazed at how enormous it was. When we got inside the area where you rent skates, Jonathan's parents and his aunt Lauren and uncle Jake were already there. Bunny stayed behind at the house to prepare her special dessert. The family's personal chef and his team were preparing our Thanksgiving dinner so no one had to worry about cooking anything.

We got our skates and were lacing up when Barbi started flirting with a guy who was taking a break from skating. That left me, Jonathan, Claire and Abby to skate together. We decided to tem up in pairs and race each other around the rink. Abby insisted on skating with Jonathan since she hadn't seen him in so long, so I skated with Claire, which was fine by me.

We all decided to warm up for a few minutes before we started our race so Claire and I chatted while we casually skated around the rink.

"So things seemed pretty serious with you and my brother, I'm happy to see that he met someone who is so nice. My family really likes you Skylar and that means a lot because they can be kind of harsh if they think someone is not right for one of us."

"Things are pretty serious I guess and I'm so happy that your family likes me, well, except Abby seems to not care for me."

She waved her hand in the air to dismiss what I was saying. "Oh please, don't even think twice about Abby, she has her own stuff that she's dealing with and I promise you it's not personal toward you. Her loser boyfriend broke up with her last night and kicked her out of the car by the side of the road. My parents have been begging her to break it off with him and are threatening to cut her off if she doesn't. Hopefully this is the end of him and we won't see him anymore. But really, don't worry, it's not you."

I felt a little bit relieved to hear her say that but it still didn't help that Abby was so nasty to me every time I saw her.

"What about you? Do you have a boyfriend?"

"A huge smile spread across her face as she answered me. "I do, his name is Keegan, and he will be here later today to join us for Thanksgiving dinner. I can't wait for the rest of the family to meet him."

"How long have you been dating him?"

"It will be a year and a half next week."

"Oh, cool."

"So, what's the deal with you and Barbi?" Claire raised an eyebrow as she glanced at me.

"Barbi and I have a bit of history so I have to admit that I find it difficult to be anything more than just cordial toward her."

"What happened with you two anyway? That was a weird exchange between you two last night."

"She has not been happy about me and Jonathan from the second we first got together. She tried to break us up and it almost worked. I found her in his bed and it looked like she was na**d but it turns out she had clothes on under the covers but wanted me to think she was naked. When Jonathan confronted her about it she said she did it for the attention and she felt like she was losing the only family she'd ever had."

I glanced over at Claire as we continued to skate and she looked thoroughly disgusted.

"First of all, my brother would never in a million years look even once at a girl like Barbi, she's not his type at all. Second, she tried to pull that 'whoa is me I don't have a family' crap with me and I'm not buying it. Both she and her mother are opportunists and I'm just waiting for the day Ethan finds the next wife. He doesn't stick with one woman for very long."

"Why not?"

"Let's just say he has a wandering eye."

"Jonathan seems to like Barbi as a person, he's always been very friendly toward her."

"My brother has a heart of gold and he is extremely kind. He doesn't like to see anyone feeling sad or lonely in any way, so that probably has a lot to do with why he is so nice to her. I can almost guarantee that she won't be around much longer."

We skated over to Abby and Jonathan and marked where we would end the race. Their aunt Lauren decided to sit it out since she was so comfortable inside, so it was just going to be the four of us. We were going to go around the rink three times. Claire and Abby were super excited and were acting like little girls. It was the first time I saw a glimpse of the nice side of Abby. This ice skating thing must be a big deal with them. We all stood at the imaginary starting line, counted to the three and took off.

Claire and I got a good lead and we made it once around before Jonathan and Abby caught up with us. Both teams were talking trash to the other and we were all neck and neck as we rounded the last turn when Jonathan and Abby pulled out ahead of us and won.

"Yay!" They high fived each other as we all erupted into breathless giggles.

"That was so awesome!" Abby had a huge grin on her face as she hugged Jonathan. "I knew we could pull it off baby brother!"

"Great job Abby." A rich, deep voice interrupted us and we all turned to see a tall, dark, rugged guy watching Abby, his gaze full of hunger. He had that sexy, smoldering thing going on and I could tell that he was not from the same world the Hunter's were. It was obvious.

Abby was speechless as she stared at him and I could see it written all over her face that this was the guy she was in love with. You know that look when your eyes light up and sparkle because your belly is doing somersaults over a guy? Well that was the look she had on her face.

"Zane, what are you doing here?" She tried to sound pissed but it wasn't working. She really should have been more pissed off because this guy just left her by the side of the road the night before, but she appeared to turn to putty right before my eyes.

"I need to talk to you." He was zeroed in on no one but her.

"I have nothing to say to you Zane, go away." Abby skated off and I could see that Jonathan was tense in case he had to step in.

Zane started to walk around the rink to follow Abby as she skated away from him, when I heard a thunderous male voice sail across the rink. "Zane Andrews, you have one minute to leave this facility on your own or I will see to it that you are carried out!"

I turned to see Mr. Hunter walking quickly toward Zane and Zane did not hesitate as he ran out of there, but not before yelling to Abby. "I'll call you later Abby, I'm sorry and I love you!"

Did this just happen? I looked at Jonathan and Claire who were staring at Abby and they were not happy. Mr. Hunter went back inside once he saw that Zane was gone.

"Abby, really? Why does he have to make a scene wherever he goes?" Claire was clearly not pleased.

"Really Abby, that guy is a loser, you need to dump him once and for all." Jonathan sided with Claire and they both were not Zane fans.

"It's complicated and that's all I'll say. Let's go inside, I'm getting cold." She didn't wait for us to respond, she just walked off.

We followed her and I was happy to follow her because I was starting to not be able to feel my toes. It was nice and warm inside and I hobbled on my skates over to Jonathan and sat beside him on the couch. He put his arm around me and rubbed my arm to help warm me up. His parents and aunt and uncle were already there so we all relaxed and got warm.

"Did you have a good time?" He whispered in my ear so that no one would hear him.

"I did." I whispered back to him.

"I'm having a good time with my family Sky, but I can't wait until we can be alone again, Sunday cannot come soon enough for me."

I glanced at him and he winked at me and I couldn't help but giggle.

We all made small talk and nobody talked about the scene that we all witnessed earlier. There was a little bit of tension between Abby and everyone else but she acted like nothing was wrong. She wasn't overly friendly toward me but she also wasn't as nasty as she had been before.

I was getting really hungry so I was happy that we we're having an early Thanksgiving dinner. As soon as we finished a small snack and our hot chocolate we returned our skates and headed out to the waiting cars.

When we got back to the house, dinner was almost ready and was going to be served at 3 o'clock. Bunny met us at the door and was really proud of the fact that she had finished making her dessert with plenty of time to spare.

"Okay everyone, my delicious pumpkin pies are ready ahead of schedule this year! There is plenty for everyone so we won't run out of pies because I know you all love them. Skylar dear, I'm sure you'll love them too!"

"I hope you like pumpkin pie. My nana Bunny makes the best pumpkin pie in the world, you'll see." Jonathan was beaming when he talked about his grandmother.

Mr. Hunter chimed in. "Yes, Skylar, mother's pies really are very delicious."

Bunny smiled at him. "Oh thank you darling. Dinner is in a couple of hours so that should give everyone plenty of time to get ready. The other guests will be arriving shortly so off you all go."

We all chuckled as Bunny waved her hands at us while shooing us off. Jonathan came to my room for a few minutes before I hopped in the shower and pulled me down onto his lap so that I was sitting sideways and we could see each other, and casually wrapped his arms around me.

"That was fun, huh?"

"Yeah it was; you Hunter's are really competitive! Did you notice that Abby wasn't as nasty toward me today? That's a step in the right direction. Hey, what's the deal with that guy Zane?"

Jonathan rolled his eyes. "Ugh, that guy is the world's biggest loser. She's been dating him off and on for something like three years and none of us like him but that doesn't faze her at all. She met him at some bar in New York where he's a bartender and my parents are worried that he's with her only for her money. They keep threatening to cut her off if she doesn't break up with him because, I will tell you one thing about my dad, he will not give away his money to anyone. He has worked hard all of his life, has worked for everything that we are able to have and there is no way that he will allow a guy like Zane to come in and get a piece of the pie. And it's not because he's a bartender, it's because he's lazy and he doesn't treat Abby very well. My dad doesn't care what you do as long as you work hard at whatever it is that you do, and Zane just isn't that guy."

"Oh wow, well there's probably going to be a problem because I saw the way she looked at him, Jonathan, and it didn't look like she wanted to break up with that guy anytime soon, even though they're fighting right now."

"What do you mean?"

"From what I could see, in the brief minutes that I saw her looking at him, Abby is completely in love with Zane so he's probably going to be around for a while."

He hung his head, slowly shaking it back and forth. "That's not good, that's not good. My dad will have a fit if she doesn't dump him."

"Well, I'm just telling you, I saw the way she looks at him and it was the same way I look at you. She's smitten."

He raised an eyebrow and a smile touched the corner of his mouth. "You're smitten, huh?"

A smile slowly spread across my face as my eyes held his. "Maybe."

His eyes filled with love as they searched mine. "I am definitely smitten."

"Me too." I leaned into him and gently touched my lips to his.

He slowly pulled away, smoothed my hair out of my eyes, and winked at me. "That was a good kiss."

I giggled like a schoolgirl. "You're silly."

"Sometimes."

"You haven't mentioned the band at all with anyone here so I'm just curious, who has seen you perform?"

"My sisters have come to a couple of shows but that's it. I told them not to make a big deal about it because my dad is so against it, so I'm just going to go along with his plan and treat this as a hobby while I'm in school. My place really is with the company so I'm just going to enjoy the singing part until graduation and then it will be time to focus on my real career."

"Jonathan, you are so talented, I mean, like, you could actually make a living with your band. Are you sure you want to just throw all that talent away? You guys are really good."

"Thanks sweetie, but I can't dwell on it too much because then I'll start to second-guess myself."

"Well maybe that means that you should be second-guessing yourself honey. Do you think if your dad saw how good you are he would change his mind about insisting that you join the company?"

"Honestly, I doubt it. Sky, I have been groomed to join the family business from the day I was born. There's no getting out of it, this is what I have to do."

"Okay, just hear me out on this. What if you invite your parents to a show in the city one Friday night so that they can see you and the band perform, do you think they would come?"

"I've never really given it any serious thought but, if my mom says yes then my dad would definitely say yes, so I guess, yeah, maybe they would show up. You really think I should invite them to a show?"

"I really do. I think it's important for them to see not only how much you love singing but also how incredibly talented you are Jonathan. You probably don't realize it but when you are on stage you transform into a different person. You are so immersed in the music and you really feed off of the energy from the crowd, it's a really cool thing to see, and I think that they need to see that. I don't think any parent would want to crush their child's dreams, I really don't."

He sat there for a minute and I could tell that he was letting my words sink in.

"I'll think about it, I really will. Maybe I'll talk to them about it before the weekend is over."

"I think you should."

"Okay, we should probably get ready, the guests will be arriving soon. I'll swing by your room and pick you up."

"Okay, see you soon."

Chapter Five

We went downstairs at around 2:15 and Jonathan's cousins Emily and Jeremy had arrived and there was a really cute guy with them. Emily had graduated from a top design school in New York the year before and had an internship at a fashion magazine. Jeremy's parents had allowed him to take his first year of college off to travel around Europe for six months and then he worked at Hunter International for the remaining six months. He was going to enter our university as a freshman the following year and, like Jonathan, he was being groomed to take over the company one day. Jeremy was the spitting image of Jake and all of the Hunter men were undeniably gorgeous.

"You guys finally made it and graced us with your presence!" Jonathan walked over to his cousins and gave both of them a big hug.

"Yeah, we thought we'd stop by." Jeremy joked with him and Jonathan lightly punched him in his arm as they both chuckled.

"Whatever. So who is your friend?"

Emily spoke up. "This is my boyfriend Jax."

Jonathan reached out and shook his hand. "Jax it's nice to meet you. Guys, I want you to meet my girlfriend Skylar Miller. Sky, this is my cousin Emily, my cousin Jeremy and Emily's boyfriend Jax."

"Hi, it's nice to meet you guys."

"Nice to meet you too, Skylar. Where are you from?" Emily's gorgeous blue eyes were focused on me. She was really pretty.

"I'm from Chicago."

"City or suburbs?" Jeremy could have easily been Jonathan's younger brother, their looks were so similar.

I couldn't help but laugh at his question and he had a puzzled look on his face.

"Oh no, don't look like that, it's not anything bad! It's just that Jonathan asked me the exact same question the first day that I met him."

"Oh, okay." He had a look of relief on his face.

"And to answer your question, I live in the city, right in the middle of it all. Do you guys also live in Manhattan?"

"Yep, not too far from aunt Sarah and uncle Joshua. That's pretty cool that you live in a big city too." Emily smiled at me and I felt the same way about her that I felt about Claire when I met her, I instantly liked her.

Just then Bunny came out of the kitchen where she was monitoring the chef and his staff, I'm sure the chef loved that, and she told us it was almost time to sit down to dinner.

The doorbell rang and a gorgeous, tall, dark-haired, clean-cut guy walked into the room a few seconds later. Claire ran up to him and gave him a quick kiss and a huge hug.

"Hey gorgeous." His words were deep and sexy as they rolled off of his tongue.

"You barely made it, but I'm happy you're here! Come on, let's go put your stuff away really quickly and then we need to get back downstairs. Nana Bunny will kill us if we're late for dinner. I'll introduce you to everyone when where back downstairs."

She grabbed his hand and basically tugged him up the stairs and they were back down in less than three minutes.

Jonathan was standing right beside me with his hand resting at the small of my back and he leaned down to whisper in my ear. "As you can see, the holidays can get really crazy around here. Ready to go eat?"

I smile at him and nodded. "I'm starved."

We all gathered around the enormous dining table a few minutes later, after Claire introduced Keegan to everyone. Jonathan was on my right and thankfully Claire was on my left, but after I sat down I realized that Abby was sitting directly across from me, and right next to her was Barbi. Great, this is exactly what I don't need.

After Mr. Hunter said grace and we went around the table and said what we were thankful for, we enjoyed a really nice dinner. Claire was just finishing up telling everyone about her next performance with her ballet company and I thought I would try to be nice to Abby and ask her what her next performance was. Little did I know that would be a big mistake.

"Abby, what is your next performance? I would love to go see both of you guys in your next productions." I genuinely smiled at her as I took a sip of my water.

Her eyes glossed over with instant dislike as she raised them from her plate to look at me and plastered a smile laced with saccharine on her face. "My performance will be the exact same performance that Claire is performing, except as usual, I bet I won't be performing."

I looked at her thoroughly confused and furrowed my eyebrow. "I don't understand, if you're both in the same performance why aren't you also performing?"

The table was eerily quiet as she spoke and I realized that I had unintentionally hit a very sore spot with Abby.

Abby turned to her sister and was clearly glaring at her while she answered my question. "Because my dear sister is always the star of the show, she never gives me a chance to shine."

Claire jumped right in. "Abigail Marie Hunter, you know that is not true so please do not play the 'poor me' game, I am sick and tired of it! You know that I have encouraged the dance company to let you take my place some days, but they will not do it. You are my understudy and that is not my fault. Maybe if you practiced more often and were more dedicated to dance you would be able to be the star of your own show. It's not my fault that you don't put the same amount of time into your work as you do your questionable boyfriend!"

You could have cut the tension in the air with a knife as the two girls sat glaring at each other across the table. Mr. Hunter opened his mouth to speak but Bunny raised her hand to stop him.

"Girls, you stop this rude behavior right now! I will not have you arguing like this at a holiday dinner in front of our guests, do you understand me?"

Both Claire and Abby instantly looks remorseful and they apologized to Bunny and to the entire room, but I could tell that they were both really pissed at each other and I felt like it was all my fault. I felt that I had to say something to try to break the ice.

I looked at Abby. "I'm really sorry that I asked, I didn't mean to stir up any trouble."

Jonathan gently rubbed my leg, silently letting me know that it was okay, but I still felt horrible. Who knew that the sisters had this kind of animosity toward each other?

Bunny spoke up before anyone else did. "Skylar dear, you have nothing to apologize for. What you witnessed is something that has been going on for years and should have been resolved ages ago. These girls know better." She gave them both a disapproving look as she finished her sentence.

Things were silent for a couple of minutes and then everyone broke off into different conversations. I was really relieved that the awkward silence was over. There were probably four groups of conversations going on at the same time, and I was talking with Claire, Keegan, Emily, and Jeremy when I heard someone ask me a question. Jonathan was in deep discussion with his uncle Jake and aunt Lauren so he was oblivious to whoever was speaking to me.

"Skylar, have you been there?"

Who is talking to me? I looked around the room to figure out who had just asked me that question and my eyes landed on Abby's cold, hard eyes.

"I'm sorry Abby, I didn't hear what you were talking about before you asked me the question." I tried to sound as nice as possible because this girl clearly did not like me. What did I ever do to her?

"Barbi and I were just talking about how fantastic Aspen is and counting how many times we had been there. I think everyone at this table has been there at least twice. Have you ever been there?"

The question sounded innocent enough and if anyone else at the table, besides Barbi of course, had asked me I would not even have thought twice about the motive behind asking me that question. I would have just answered them. But I could see that there was an edge of nastiness in her eyes and an air of arrogance in her voice and it made me really uncomfortable. I didn't like that she made me feel this way and I started to get irritated with her nastiness.

"No, I've never been there. Actually, I haven't really been anywhere outside of the country."

The look of shock on her face was annoying.

"You haven't?" She glanced at Barbi and they both started to giggle.

I felt like something was wrong with me with the way they were both looking at me but I held my head up and pushed my shoulders back. I decided I was not going to let these girls intimidate me. For whatever reason Abby did not like me and I knew that Barbi was jealous of my relationship with Jonathan, but that was their problem. Besides, very few people in the world had access to the kind of wealth that these two did.

I looked her squarely in the eye and held her gaze. "No, I haven't. Why is that funny?"

The tension between us must have been palpable because the table became silent and I could feel all eyes in our direction.

Jonathan must have seen the cold glares exchanged between us because he turned to me and instinctively put his arm around me. He looked back and forth between his sister and me, pausing quickly to also glance at Barbi. A look of concern quickly fell over his face.

"What's going on here?"

"Nothing Jonny, we were just talking about Aspen." Abby tried to look innocent but I don't think she was fooling anyone.

An exasperated sigh escaped his lips as he narrowed his eyes at her. I glanced around the table and my eyes fell on Mr. Hunter who did not look pleased at all. His voice boomed across the table as his eyes turned cool toward his daughter. "Abigail! What did you say to Skylar?"

She looked sheepish as she glanced down at her plate and slowly moved food around with her fork.

"Look at me when I am speaking to you!"

She raised her eyes to his and her face turned ghost white.

"I just asked if she had ever been to Aspen."

He pursed his lips and clenched his jaw as he ground out his words. "Given the silence in the room, I know that your question was not asked in a genuine manner. Skylar, I apologize for my daughter's rude behavior, my family and I do not want you to feel uncomfortable in our home in any way." He looked at Abby and it was the look that a parent has on their face when they are fed up with their child's behavior. "Abigail, apologize right now!"

She looked at me with apologetic eyes but also was terrified. "I'm sorry I was rude Skylar, I didn't mean any harm by it."

"That's okay." My words were soft because I couldn't believe that I was in the middle of this scene.

"It is most certainly not okay and Abigail, I want to speak with you when we are all done with dinner. Everyone, please accept my deepest apology for my daughter's rude behavior. Now let's enjoy some of mother's delicious pumpkin pie which she has been preparing for us all day today."

Bunny was so cute, she perked up when she heard her pie mentioned and I could also tell that she was happy to have the awkward moment behind us, and so was I.

"Yes, you are all going to love my pie, and if you don't then don't tell me. Just let me believe that it's perfect!"

Everyone laughed, happy to have something to lighten the mood. The rest of dinner was, thankfully, uneventful and we all enjoyed Bunny's pie which was actually very good. After dinner a few people went to take naps and Jonathan was one of them, he told me he would stop by my room when he woke from his nap. I called my family to wish them Happy Thanksgiving and I could tell that my mom was sad that I wasn't there. I reassured her that I was having a good time and told her that I would see her in a few short weeks. I was in my room reading one of my textbooks when I heard a light knock at my door. I opened it to see Jonathan's mom standing there with a friendly smile.

She looked at the book in my hand. "Am I interrupting you?"

"No, of course not! I'm just studying a little bit, but please come on in."

She sat in one of the chairs and I sat on my bed waiting to hear what she wanted to talk to me about.

"My husband and I just want to apologize again for Abby's behavior toward you Skylar. We have always been careful not to raise children who feel entitled to everything and I fear that we missed the boat with Abby. I do not want you to think that we condone her behavior in any way because we don't. Just remember what I told you yesterday, the 'stuff' does not matter to us, trips and things do not matter to us. I don't want you to feel that anyone in this family thinks of you any differently because you haven't done some of the things we have been able to do. What matters to us is that our son cares about you and you care about him, that's it. Okay? So please don't let Abby's rude behavior change your opinion of us." Her eyes were so sincere and it kind of shocked me a little bit because I sat there thinking, she's worried about what I'm going to think of them? I've been worried this whole time of what they would think of me!

I smiled at her and I instantly felt better about the entire situation. "Okay, thank you Mrs. Hunter."

She smiled at me and then stood to leave. "You're welcome dear. I'll let you get back to studying. We're going to play games in a little while so please feel free to come down and join us."

She closed my door behind her and I sat there for a minute kind of dazed at how nice she was. I smiled and immersed myself in my textbook for the next hour. I must have dozed off because the next thing I knew Jonathan was gently shaking me awake. I was out of it for a second and didn't remember where I was at first but then it all came rushing back to me.

"Hi." Jonathan's smile was so beautiful.

The butterflies went crazy as I returned his smile. "Hi, I guess I dozed off. What time is it?"

"It's just after 6:00. Everyone is downstairs playing games and watching TV."

I quickly sat up, frantic that I had slept for too long. "Why didn't you wake me sooner?"

"Relax, it's okay. They've only been gathered down there for 30 minutes, it's no big deal."

"Okay, well I'll be ready in five minutes." I quickly freshened my makeup and a few minutes later we joined everyone else downstairs.

Chapter Six

The next couple of days flew by and I had a great time getting to know Jonathan's family. Claire and I really hit it off and I also really liked Emily. Abby never really warmed up to me and Barbi, well, she was Barbi. She and I would never be friends but we were cordial.

I was sitting by the fire with Jonathan and his mom and dad while everyone else was either outside playing in the snow or taking a nap, so we had a chance to have some really nice quality time together.

Jonathan's mom looked at me. "I hope you're having a nice time Skylar, I know it can't be easy to be away from your family over Thanksgiving."

"I'm having a wonderful time, really this has all been so amazing, thank you again for inviting me."

"Are you ready for finals when you get back to school?" Mr. Hunter seemed to always have work or school on the brain, I could see why he was so successful.

"I will be, I brought some of my books with me so that I could study during any down time we might have."

He smiled at me and I could easily see Jonathan in him. "You're a smart girl."

Mrs. Hunter looked over at Jonathan who looked like he was deep in thought. "Honey, is everything okay?"

Jonathan glanced at me and I could tell that he was about to talk to his parents about the band. I gave him an encouraging look to let him know that I was there to support him.

"Actually, mom, dad, I have been wanting to talk to you about something."

They both looked at him giving him their full attention.

He looked nervous and he glanced over at me again and I winked at him and nodded to let him know that everything would be okay. That seemed to give him the courage he needed.

"I want to invite you both to come see me play at the Shadow Room in January."

The silence in the air was deafening but I was so proud of Jonathan for taking the first step. I could see the look of anger on Mr. Hunter's face but he probably kept it under control because I was there. Mrs. Hunter looked surprised and I could see a small smile turn up the corners of her mouth as she looked over at her husband.

"We would love to see you perform Jonny," she looked over at her husband whose gaze was ice cold as he stared off into the distance, "wouldn't we, honey?"

Mr. Hunter said nothing for a couple of minutes and we all sat there in silence waiting for him to speak. It was pretty awkward for me to be there but I had to be there to support Jonathan. I looked down at his hands and they were trembling a bit and I felt so bad for him that he was that nervous to talk to his parents about the band.

"Dad, I know you're probably not interested because you think this is just a hobby for me but this is something that I really do love to do and I think if you come see me you will see you that I'm actually pretty good at it."

"I have no doubt that you're talented Jonathan, I just don't want you to lose focus on what the ultimate goal is, what you have been groomed for all of your life. But if you want us to see you perform I'm sure we can arrange that."

Mrs. Hunter's smile was enormous and I could tell that she was really excited and wanted to see his band. That had to make him feel good because he did tell me earlier that if his mom was on board then his dad would be on board too. It totally looked like his mom was on board and I couldn't be happier for him. Now, all we had to do was make sure they actually showed up and stayed for the entire set.

Jonathan seemed to breathe a sigh of relief as a cautious smile spread across his face. "Really?"

His mother looked at his father and answered for both of them. "Yes, really, just let us know when and where and we will definitely be there!"

Later, when we were alone, I gave Jonathan a big hug and told him that I knew everything would be okay.

"See, I told you if you just invited them to a show they would come see you. It will all be a piece of cake from here because, I'm telling you, once they see you perform live they will be blown away. I'm sure your parents have no idea how incredibly talented you and the band are Jonathan, just wait, it's going to change everything."

He looked at me but I could see that his mind was elsewhere and I was sure that he was nervous about performing for his parents. "We'll see."

It was getting late and we both had to finish packing since we were leaving the next morning, so we said good night to each other.

"I love you, sleep well."

"I love you too, Skylar."

At around midnight, I still could not fall asleep so I decided to go downstairs to the kitchen to get a glass of water. Just as I closed the refrigerator door Abby came walking in and startled me.

I felt nervous when I saw her because I had no idea what she would say to me without anyone around to witness how nasty she could be. I braced myself for the worst.

"Sorry Skylar, I didn't mean to scare you. Looks like you and I had the same idea. Couldn't sleep?"

Okay, who is this woman and what have they done with the nasty twin? I couldn't believe how nice Abby was being to me and I immediately became suspicious but I decided to play along.

"No, for some reason I couldn't fall asleep tonight so I thought maybe a glass of water would help. What about you?"

"I'm a night owl, always have been, so I thought I'd raid the fridge for a snack. So, are you ready to get back into the swing of things at school tomorrow?"

"Not really, I have had such a great time here this weekend. Your family is so awesome, but it's back to the real world for me tomorrow."

"I'm sure you'll be fine. Listen, I have to say something to you. I am really sorry for the way I have treated you this weekend, you didn't deserve to be treated that way. I really have been preoccupied and under a ton of stress and it has nothing to do with you. I guess when I saw you and how happy Jonny looked with you it just reminded me of what I don't have with Zane. He is my everything and I just wish that my parents would see what I see in him. My parents really ripped me a new one about the way I behaved and I'm really embarrassed about it. Do you think you can forgive me?"

You could have knocked me over with a feather, I was so shocked by her apology, and it seemed really genuine. Of course I wanted things to be kosher between us, I mean who wants conflict with a family member of the guy that they love?

"Yes, Abby, of course I forgive you. I'll let you in on a secret, if you get to know me, you'll really like me."

She smiled at me and her eyes were kind this time so I knew that she meant it.

"I'm really sorry Skylar, I feel just awful."

"No worries, and by the way you can call me Sky."

We chatted for probably at least an hour and I actually ended up liking her. If you would have told me after our first encounter that we would be there in the kitchen past 1:00 in the morning chatting like old friends I never would have believed you. But there we were. At around 1:30 a.m. I was fading fast so I said good night to her and she gave me a genuine hug before I went back up to my room. My head was spinning with all of the emotions I had encountered that weekend and I was happy to crash in my bed. I think I fell asleep before my head hit the pillow.

The next morning I woke up and for the first time that weekend I felt 100% content and happy about everything that happened. I was so happy to have resolved everything with Abby the night before and I was really hoping that she would still feel the same way that day. I got ready and Jonathan had the butler bring my bags down to the car while we were eating breakfast. Everyone was there and we all had a surprisingly pleasant morning. Abby was much more friendly toward everyone, including me, and I was happy to learn that nothing changed from the night before.

After breakfast, Jonathan and I said our goodbyes to everyone and I actually felt sad to leave those wonderful people. I felt so welcomed by everyone that weekend, with the exception for Abby until Saturday night, that I knew that I was going to miss them.

Bunny gave me a big hug and told me that she looked forward to seeing me again. I said goodbye to everyone else and exchanged contact information with Claire, Emily and even Abby and told them that I would keep in touch. Mr. Hunter gave me a quick hug goodbye and told me how nice it was to have me there for the weekend and I thanked him for all of his generosity. Mrs. Hunter was the last person that I needed to say goodbye to. She walked over to me, reached out and pulled me in for a big hug.

"It was so nice to have you here this weekend Skylar, thank you so much for joining us. I know that we are going to see you again very soon and I hope you have a productive remainder of your semester and have a wonderful Christmas. Please tell your parents that we say hello and thank them for letting you spend Thanksgiving with us, will you? I'm sure we'll see you again in a couple of months. You take care of yourself and keep an eye on Jonathan for me." She winked at me when she said that last part.

I giggled and agreed and thanked her for the weekend. Jonathan and I said goodbye to everyone and then we took off. The car ride to the plane was pretty quick and once we were on the plane and buckled in Jonathan looked over at me and reached out to hold my hand.

"Thanks for coming this weekend Sky, it meant so much to me and my family really likes you. Don't worry about Abby, she'll come around, I promise."

"You will be happy to know that she actually apologized to me last night and it was a real apology. We even exchanged contact info today, so it's all good."

"Oh I am so relieved, Abby is always the question mark in our family. Her mood is so dependent upon what's going on with what boyfriend, but deep down she has a big heart and doesn't mean to hurt anyone. I'm glad you guys are fine. Well that means it turned out to be a perfect weekend. We'll have to figure out when you'll get to see everyone again. But next I want to go to Chicago and meet your family."

I smiled at him. "Okay, we'll definitely have to plan that."

We chatted for most of the flight and then dozed for a few minutes as we started to descend. When we woke up, the plane was taxiing to the airport. I'd had a wonderful weekend and I was ready to dive back into school and study for finals. Jonathan and I left the plane hand in hand and I could not have been happier.

Chapter Seven

We got back to the dorm in the early afternoon and Katie was not back yet from her trip home, so after I dropped off my bags in my room I went down to Jonathan's room so that we could have some alone time together.

He pulled me to him and wrapped his arms around me and smiled.

"Alone at last."

He leaned down to kiss me and his fingers raked through my hair, gathering two fistfuls as he pressed his body to mine. His kiss became more urgent and needing and I could feel his arousal. He quickly broke away from me and a small moan escaped my lips as he raised hungry eyes to mine.

"Take off your clothes."

Power resonated in every word and excitement rushed through my body. I held his gaze as I pulled my sweater off over my head, my soft, dark waves falling down my back and slowly dropped it on floor beside me. I bent over and unzipped my knee length boots and stepped out of them, my height shrinking by three inches. I looked up at him, holding his gaze as I unbuttoned my jeans and slipped them off, stepping out of them and leaving them in a crumpled heap on the floor. My heart was thumping against my chest as his eyes crawled with hunger over my bra and panty clad body.

"All of them Skylar."

My pulse quickened as I reached around behind me and unclasped my bra, slipping my arms through the straps and letting it fall to the floor. His eyes were ravenous as they scanned my br**sts and then he looked down at my panties and raised his eyebrows waiting for me to remove those too. I hooked my thumbs underneath the thin string at my h*ps and slowly slid them off, stepping out of the delicate material and dropping them in the pile beside me. I stood there, raw and exposed, craving his touch.

His eyes glossed over with approval as they perused my body. "You are so beautiful. Come to me."

I walked over to him and he started at my ankles and slowly ran his hands up the back of my legs, pausing to give my behind a squeeze and then they came around to caress my br**sts. His eyes were fixed on my face as I threw my head back in ecstasy, and feelings of pleasure washed over me. His hands slid down again to my legs and back up my inner thighs. One hand slid to my most sacred place which was throbbing and aching to be filled. His other hand grabbed my hip, holding me steady, as his fingers delved into my sensitive space. My fingers sank into his shoulders, holding tight as he slowly ran his tongue along my neck and up to flick my earlobe. A soft moan escaped my lips as his lips came crashing down on mine. His tongue slid over mine, desperate and searching as if he couldn't get enough of me.

"You're so sexy Sky, you drive me crazy." He was barely able to grind out the words as he pulled me closer to him.

His fingers manipulated the sensitive area between my legs while pinching my nipple with his other hand. His skillful fingers increased their pace and as waves of pleasure began to wash over me, I grabbed his arms even tighter as I let out a loud cry and my body shuddered uncontrollably. I wrapped my arms around Jonathan as I tried to catch my breath.

I wanted to feel his bare skin next to mine so I pulled away from him and tried to unbutton his shirt, but he grabbed my wrists with one hand and wrapped his other arm around the small of my back walking me over to the bed. He pushed me down onto the bed and before I knew what he was doing he was on top of me and hooked his arms under my knees. I could see his bulging member through his jeans and I couldn't wait to feel him inside of me.

His tongue slowly ran up my inner thigh lightly brushing over my sensitive bud and I gasped with pleasure as I raised my h*ps toward him. He paused over my bud and then slowly kissed his way up my stomach to my br**sts taking his time to wrap his lips around each nub. I began to writhe on the bed raising my h*ps further wanting more as he continued to tease me. He kissed his way back down to my most sacred place and explored me with his tongue. I could not stay still as he caressed my sensitive area, gradually increasing the pressure. Gentle moans escaped my lips as Jonathan concentrated his tongue on my clit. I twisted the sheets in my hands as his pace increased, and my breath came in pants as he delved into me with his tongue and then teased my swollen bud. He took my bud between his lips, rubbing his tongue over it repeatedly and that threw me over the edge. My orgasm shot to the surface causing me to cry out as I clung to the sheets, my body racked with uncontrollable shudders. I collapsed back onto the bed, breathing heavily as I smiled at Jonathan.

"That's my girl."

He quickly took off his clothes and had a sexy, wicked smile as he grabbed a condom from the table. He put my legs over his shoulders as he slowly sank into me, waves of pleasure coursing through me. He grabbed my leg and kissed it as he began to move inside of me and I savored every minute. His movement was slow at first and then he sped up, increasing his urgency. Without warning he pulled out and flipped me over on my stomach.

"On your knees Skylar." His words were firm.

I got on my knees, ready for whatever was next. My core was absolutely throbbing now and I wanted him inside of me again, taking what was his. He put his hands on my h*ps and quickly sank into me, moving faster than before. He reached under me, pinched my ni**les and ran his hands down my back as he continued to pound into me. With one last, strong thrust I felt his body tense up and he let out a loud grunt as his orgasm took control of his body as he shuddered and then collapsed next to me.

We lay there for a few minutes and then my stomach growled breaking the comfortable silence in the room. He rolled over and looked at me, his eyes searching mine.

"I love you."

I smiled at him. "I love you too."

He leaned in to me and kissed the tip of my nose.

"You're amazing."

"Yeah, I guess I am." I winked at him and he reached over and started tickling me and I giggled uncontrollably.

"Getting a big head on me, huh?" He continued to tickle me and I tried to get away from him.

"Please stop! I'm not getting a big head, I promise!" I couldn't stop laughing and he finally had mercy on me.

"Okay, good."

My eyes were gleaming as I smiled at him. "You're a nut."

He raised an eyebrow at me and I wanted to just melt, every expression he had made him look even more gorgeous to me. "Maybe, but I'm your nut."

Just then my belly growled again and he looked at me and smiled.

"I think that's our cue to go eat. Do you want to go to that pizza place?"

A huge grin spread across my face. "Sounds perfect."

We got dressed and went off campus to enjoy dinner together. It was a balmy fall evening as we walked back to campus, hand in hand, and I knew that our time together was about to end. I was more upset about it than I expected and I got really quiet as we got closer to the dorm.

"What's wrong sweetie?"

"Our weekend is just about over and I was spoiled being able to spend so much time with you. I don't want to go back to the real world, not yet."

"I know but look at it this way, I'm right downstairs if you want to see me any time you want. You know you can always come down whenever you want. You practically live in my room anyway."

He let go of my hand and put his arm around me and I leaned my head against him as we walked into the dorm. We paused by the stairs and he gently ran his finger down my cheek.

"I better check email to see if there are any urgent messages from the administration. We're supposed to have a big meeting one day this week but they hadn't set a date before we left for Thanksgiving. You're more than welcome to sleep in my room tonight Sky."

"I wish, but Katie is going to kill me if I don't fill her in on the weekend. She'll want to chat all night since we haven't seen each other for a few days."

He looked disappointed but agreed. "Okay, well I'll come by to say goodnight before I go to bed."

"Okay, sounds good. I'll see you later."

He smiled at me as his lips touched mine. "See you later beautiful."

A feeling of sadness overwhelmed me as I watched him walk down the stairs. This is silly Sky! You're going to see him in a few hours and he's right downstairs! I had it bad for Jonathan Hunter.

Chapter Eight

I was unpacking my bag when Katie came in, dropped her suitcase, and rushed over to give me a huge hug.

"Oh my gosh, I missed you! So tell me, how was Thanksgiving?"

She took off her coat, threw it over the back of her desk chair, took off her boots and sat on her bed, legs crossed and eyes bright and wide open waiting to hear what I had to say. I couldn't help but laugh because she didn't even take the time to take off her hat.

"Um, Katie I think you forgot something there." I looked her head and raised my eyebrows.

"Oh!" She laughed herself and pulled her hat off her head. "I'm just dying to hear what happened!"

"Well, for the most part it was pretty awesome."

She looked worried. "What do you mean for the most part? Did Barbi do something?"

"No, I had a bit of a rocky start with one of Jonathan's sisters. The girl just did not like me when she first met me, but by the time I left everything was fine between us."

"Oh, wow, okay, well overall how did the rest of the weekend go?"

"Katie, I had so much fun and they were all so nice to me. Jonathan's grandma, Bunny, is this feisty little lady and she doesn't hold her tongue at all. It was so hilarious when Barbi showed up because she was wearing her standard low-cut, boobs out, too tight trampy outfit and Bunny told her to go change because no one wanted to see her bosom. She actually said the word bosom in front of everyone. Barbi turned beet red, turned around and left the room to go change."

"Serves her right, she should have known better. So what was the rest of his family like?"

"They were so awesome. A bunch of us went ice skating the morning of Thanksgiving and it gave me a chance to get to know his sister Claire who's in her mid 20's, she was super cool, and I really liked her. Abby is her twin and that's the one that didn't like me, but it turned out that she was so nasty to me because she was preoccupied with boyfriend stuff. Her boyfriend, who is super hot by the way, showed up at the skating rink and when her dad saw him he came rushing out of the recreation area and yelled at the guy across the rink."

"You're kidding!"

"No, seriously, her boyfriend took off running and it looked like her dad wanted to kill the guy, there was definitely no love lost there. So, Abby was bummed about what was going on with her boyfriend and she was kind of being a bitch to everyone. I guess they have really bad fights because he kicked her out of the car on the side of the road the day before Thanksgiving, and I think that was the final straw with her parents. Anyway, he was the reason that she was in such a foul mood and it had nothing to do with me, so I was happy about that. The rest of the weekend was all about quality time with the family so everyone just kind of hung out, relaxed, played some games and just had a really good time."

"Well it sounds like it was a good trip, how are things with you and Jonathan?"

"Honestly Katie, every day with him gets better than the day before. I didn't even know it was possible to feel like this, it's been pretty amazing. He's amazing."

"I'm so happy for you Sky, I know you guys are meant to be together and I think I called it at the beginning of the year, so I should probably pat myself on the back." She gave me a silly smile and reached behind her back to pat her shoulders.

"Okay there missy, don't go getting a big head or anything, but yes, I will agree that you did call this. I guess I was just too scared to believe that this could really turn into something."

"Well, it's turned in the something great and I can't wait to see what the next chapter is for you guys."

"Okay, enough about me, what about you, how was your Thanksgiving?"

"It was good, it was your typical Thanksgiving dinner with tons of family, nothing out of the ordinary to report. It was really good to see everyone."

"And Mike, did you talk to him at all?" I gave her a knowing smile.

"Yes, he called me every day, he's really sweet Sky."

"I know, I can tell he's a good guy so I'm really happy that you guys are together. Hey Jonathan's band is playing this Friday at that place in town, do you want to go see them? It'll be a nice break from studying for finals."

"Yeah! I need my fix of Sonic Blaze! I'll invite Mike and a few other people, that will be so fun, now I can't wait until Friday!"

We chatted for a little longer while we unpacked and then we went to go find some of the other girls to ask about their Thanksgiving break.

The rest of the week there was a nervous energy all over campus as we got closer to finals. I had two papers to finish and two finals to study for so I basically lived at the library and was completely buried in the books. Jonathan would meet me at the library to study most days and then I would sleep in his room with him every night. I couldn't wait for finals to be over but I was also sad because Christmas break was coming and I knew that I wouldn't see him for almost 3 weeks.

A bunch of us went to see his band that Friday and we all had a really fun time. For the next couple of weeks the only time I saw any of my friends was if I passed them on campus, or had a class with them. Jonathan and Katie were the only two I saw every day. There was a big party on the last night of finals and everyone was in a great mood because we were free for a few weeks.

After the party, Jonathan and I were lying in bed chatting about how happy we were that finals were over and talked again about what we were doing over Christmas break. Jonathan and his family were going to their house in Aspen and I was going home to Chicago. I knew it wouldn't be as glamorous as his trip but I was really looking forward to seeing my parents and my brother and sister. We both hated that we wouldn't see each other for so long but promised to talk on the phone or Skype every day.

"Three whole weeks Jonathan? This sucks, I am going to miss you so much."

I didn't even try to hide the pout on my face.

"I know sweetie, I'll miss you too but the time will fly by, you'll see. It has too."

He was trying to stay positive for me but I could see that he was also upset. It gave me me a little bit of comfort to know that I wasn't the only one feeling down. We drifted off to sleep holding each other tight, not wanting to let go.

The next day we were all leaving and he came to my room to say goodbye. I was one of the last ones leaving so I had already said goodbye to Katie and the other girls.

I hugged Jonathan when he walked into my room and I did not want to let go. "You'll call every day?" My eyes filled with tears as we stood in my room.

His sad eyes searched mine, desperate and full of love. "Every single day, I promise."

"Okay."

He reached into his pocket and handed me a small wrapped box. "This is for you but you can't open it until Christmas morning."

I smiled at him and kissed him on the cheek. "Thank you."

I walked over to my closet and pulled out the gift box I had for him. "This is for you."

"Sky, you didn't have to."

"I wanted to and you can't open it until Christmas day."

He gently caressed my cheek with his finger. "Thank you. Well, I better get going. Have a safe flight home."

I tried to smile at him. "You too."

He leaned down and gently touched his lips to mine. "Time will fly by and we'll see each other again in no time, trust me. I love you, Sky."

I hugged him tight. "I love you too."

Chapter Nine

I missed Jonathan like crazy but it was really good to be home. I hadn't seen my brother in months and it was really good to have almost all of us together again. My sister Samantha, her husband Mark and baby Sophie were spending Christmas day with her in-laws in Arizona and they were coming to Chicago after the New Year.

Every Christmas since I was a little girl I always woke up at the crack of dawn on Christmas morning and rushed out to the living room to see the presents under the tree. This year was no exception but the first present I wanted to open was the gift from Jonathan.

I was the first one awake so I went around the house to wake up everyone else.

My mom groaned as she tried to bury herself under the covers. "Just a few more minutes Skylar, please."

It was like I had reverted to a five-year-old because I hopped on their bed and started jumping up and down saying 'time to open presents!' My mom started giggling and Jay groaned but knew that he had to get up. I had done the same thing to them every year since they were married so they knew to expect it.

"Okay honey, we'll be right down." That satisfied me so I moved on to wake up my brother.

I walked into his room and gently shook him. "Stephen, time to wake up, time to open presents."

"Okay Sky, just give me five more minutes."

I closed his door and hopped down the stairs to the tree. There were a bunch of presents under the tree but half of them were for Sophie, and my sister would open those when they came to visit a few days later. I sat under the tree and held the present from Jonathan in my hand, wondering what could be inside. A couple of minutes later my sleepy family came downstairs to join me and we gathered around the Christmas tree.

My mom smiled at me and shook her head as she pointed at the gift in my hand. "I see you have your first present that you're ready to open."

"Yep, this is from Jonathan."

"Oh, well let's see what he got you honey, I'm sure it's something special."

I carefully tore off the wrapping paper to see a simple red box. When I opened it I gasped and my eyes filled with tears.

"What is it honey, why are you crying?"

My mom looked concerned and then I held up the box so she could see and her eyes filled with tears also. My step-dad and brother looked at the gift and then looked at each other and gave approving smiles.

"Oh Sky, that is such a thoughtful and beautiful gift." My mom was smiling as she got a closer look.

On a dainty gold chain was a small charm of a bouquet of sunflowers. I opened the card next and it said, "Two men who love you will now always be close to your heart. Merry Christmas Sky, I love you. Jonathan."

I knew that my dad would have liked Jonathan if he'd had the chance to meet him, but these subtle signs were his way of telling me that he was watching over me to make sure I was okay and that he approved. I would cherish the necklace forever.

We opened the rest of our gifts and then got dressed to go over to my grandparent's house. Both sets of grandparents would be there so I was really looking forward to seeing them.

The rest of my Christmas vacation was pretty uneventful except that I talked with Jonathan every day and we used Skype every night to say good night to each other. I was only able to see my sister and her family for one night and I was absolutely in love with Sophie, she was the prettiest baby I had ever seen.

My family was sad to see me leave but I had to get back to school and I couldn't wait to see Jonathan. I hugged everyone goodbye and told them I would see them again soon.

Chapter Ten

I practically ran into the dorm, dropped off my suitcase in my room, which showed no signs of Katie, and ran downstairs to Jonathan's room. He was chatting with a couple of the guys and I had to stop myself from running to him and flinging my arms around him. He looked so gorgeous and the butterflies were going crazy in my belly as I knocked lightly on his door.

"Am I interrupting?"

A huge grin spread across his face as he rushed over to me and gathered me in a big hug and a kiss. "Not at all." His eyes searched mine as he smoothed the hair out of my eyes. "I missed you."

"I missed you too." I couldn't stop smiling at him.

All of a sudden we heard someone clear their throat and we remembered that we weren't alone in the room.

"Oh sorry guys, I'll have to catch up with you later, my beautiful girlfriend is back and I need to be with her. I know you guys understand."

They chuckled and shook their heads at us as they walked out of the room and closed the door behind them.

"It's good to see you." Jonathan still had his arms wrapped around me and there was nowhere else in the world I wanted to be. "Thank you for the book, I can't believe you remembered that I wanted to read that."

I'd bought him a book on rare cars that he said he wanted and I was happy that he liked the gift.

"Jonathan," I touched the necklace around my neck, "thank you so much for the beautiful and thoughtful gift. It means so much to me."

"You're welcome, sweetie, it looks so beautiful on you."

Even though we had talked and Skyped every day, we sat in his room for a while chatting about our vacations and how nice it was to spend so much time with our families.

"Maybe next year you can come home with me for Christmas. We usually go to Aspen every year so I would love to take you there."

"Next year? Aren't you thinking a little far into the future?" I was half teasing but I also was curious to hear what he was thinking about us being together long term, especially since he was graduating in May.

"Of course I am Skylar, don't you think we will still be together next year at this time?"

"I was just teasing honey, of course I do! You can't get rid of me that easily."

"I have no desire to get rid of you, I told you before, I'm completely smitten." The butterflies ravaged my belly as his intense eyes searched mine.

"So am I." I smiled at him as I held his gaze.

He smiled at me. "Good! Now that we have that out of the way, do you want to go grab something to eat?"

"Sure. Should I go check to see if Katie is back yet and ask her if she wants to come with us?"

"Maybe next time, today I just want to be with you."

What could I say to that? I just wanted to be with him too.

"Okay."

We grabbed our coats and headed out to find something to eat.

Chapter Eleven

The days passed quickly and I didn't see Jonathan quite as much because he was practicing every day for his performance at the Shadow Room. I also, thankfully, hardly ever saw Barbi. I think that after she saw that Jonathan and I were really serious she just left us alone, and it was really nice not to see her and not to have to deal with her.

Jonathan was a nervous wreck because he knew that his parents were going to that performance and he wanted everything to be perfect. I tried to reassure him that everything would be okay, and it seemed to help a little bit, but he was still on edge.

He asked me to go to his last rehearsal before the performance to make sure that they sounded okay and that they all looked okay on stage. It was the first time that he asked me to go to one of his rehearsals and I was really flattered because he was super private about practicing with the band. It was even more amazing to see them in rehearsal because I was able to see how they were all in sync with each other, and they knew when to correct each other in the tiniest places that no one else would notice. I really felt like I was watching a professional band and I just knew that they could have a huge future ahead of them.

The day of the performance I was a nervous wreck for Jonathan because I knew how much this meant to him, and I really hoped that his parents enjoyed the show. Katie, Mike, Jen and a few other people went with me to the show and we got there about a half hour before they were supposed to go on. I looked around and I didn't see Mr. and Mrs. Hunter yet and tried not to get nervous. They have to show up, they just have to. Jonathan will be devastated if they don't.

The Shadow Room was an 18 and over club so it kept out the high school crowd. We got a table near the stage and ordered some nachos and sodas. I decided to save two seats at our table for Jonathan's parents because the band was so popular and the show would probably be standing room only. Fifteen minutes before the start of the show there was still no sign of Mr. and Mrs. Hunter and I really started to worry. Ten minutes before the show, I glanced around the room, which was quickly filling up, and I saw a tall, imposing figure standing in the back of the room surveying the area. Relief flooded over me and I walked over to Mr. and Mrs. Hunter to let them know that I had saved seats for them. I introduced them to everyone at the table and they ordered a couple of drinks.

Katie leaned over and whispered to me so that I would be the only one to hear her. "Are you kidding me? Jonathan is the spitting image of his father, they are both so gorgeous!"

I looked at her and mouthed 'I know, right?', so that no one would hear what we were saying.

Mrs. Hunter seemed to be amazed at the crowd as she looked around at what was now standing room only.

"Wow, are all of these people here to see Jonathan's band?"

I smiled at her so excited that they were there and that they were seeing the huge crowd.

"They are. The band is really popular and all of their shows sell out. Everyplace they've played has had to turn away people because they don't have enough room for everyone who wants to see them."

"That's impressive." Mr. Hunter was a man of few words but I could tell that he actually was impressed. The hard exterior I normally saw whenever Jonathan brought up his band around his father was now gone and was replaced by a softer expression.

The lights started to dim, the crowd started to whistle and clap and I glanced over at Mr. and Mrs. Hunter to watch their reaction to all of this, and they seemed totally intrigued. The strobe light circled the room as the curtain began to rise, and a male voice flooded the speakers as the slow drum beat began to play. "Shadow Room, give it up for Sonic Blaze!" The crowd went crazy with screaming, whistling and clapping as Jonathan's liquid smooth voice caressed our ears.

He looked so hot on stage and I had to compose myself since his parents were sitting right next to me. I watched him look around the room as he was singing and his eyes fell on me, and then his gaze slid directly to his parents. I could see the relief and gratitude on his face but I doubt that anyone else was able to notice it. The band was playing a full set that night because there were record executives in the crowd and it was the best performance I had seen from them yet. I'm sure the fact that Jonathan's parents were in the crowd had a lot to do with that, and not so much that the record executives were there.

He looked so gorgeous up there as his hands covered the mic and he belted out the chorus of the next song. The band was on fire that night and I felt like I was watching a professional group perform. They took a 15 minute intermission and it gave me a chance to see what his parents thought. I turned to them, dying to know what they were thinking.

"So how do you like the band?"

Jonathan's mom looked totally impressed and amazed and it was exactly what I was hoping would happen. "They are so incredible and so talented, I had no idea. The energy in this room is just so amazing. To think that all of these people are here to see my son just blows my mind, but after seeing him perform I can understand why this place is standing room only, he has real talent." She turned to her husband. "Honey, what do you think?"

My heart was thumping against my chest waiting to hear what he would say. While it was super fantastic that his mom like the band, the real hurdle was with his dad.

"I think they are very talented, I have to say that I am pleasantly surprised."

I wished that Jonathan could have been there at that very minute to hear his dad say that. With his rigid exterior, it was probably the biggest compliment you could get from Mr. Hunter.

I had a huge smile on my face and I couldn't make it go away if I tried. "I'm glad that you are both enjoying the show."

"Skylar, I know that you said their shows sell out, but is it always this crowded when they perform?" I was so happy that Mr. Hunter asked me that question because it meant that he was starting to really digest what a big deal his son's band was.

"Every time I have seen them there are always more people than before, the crowd seems to be growing."

Just then the lights started to dim and the screaming and clapping filled the room in anticipation of the band's return. The crowd was singing along to many of the words in their songs and the energy level of the crowd was super high. They played until around 11:00 and when they were done the crowd went crazy. We all screamed and clapped demanding an encore, and luckily we got our wish. The band played one last song, the crowd loved it and we were all clapping long after they finished the song. After the curtain came down, the lights came on and the energy of the crowd was really positive. It was a complete rush to see them play and I was so happy that Jonathan's parents were able to be there.

His mom had a huge smile on her face as she looked from me to Mr. Hunter. "I feel like I've been to a real rock concert! They were so incredible and we had no idea! Honey, what did you think?"

Mr. Hunter had a pensive look on his face but I could see that he enjoyed what he had just experienced. I think a person would have to have ice in their veins to not feel something great when watching the band play and I knew that under that tough exterior Mr. Hunter had a big heart. I could see it when he looked at his wife and children.

"To be honest I am blown away and I didn't think I would be. I really didn't."

My heart jumped because I thought we really might have convinced Mr. Hunter to let Jonathan follow his dream.

He looked at Mrs. Hunter and held her gaze. "But this does not mean that he can just abandon his family obligation." His voice was firm and I instantly felt bummed. Hopefully she can change his mind.

I told Katie and the rest of the group that I would see them later and I waited with Jonathan's parents for him to come out. He was all sweaty and flushed when he came over to us and I wanted to jump his bones right then and there. I don't think he had ever looked more sexy than in that moment. Damn it he is good-looking.

He kissed me on the cheek and hugged his parents. "I'm so glad you guys made it." He looked a little bit nervous and I knew he wanted to ask them what they thought but he decided to wait until they said something first.

"Jonny, you were fantastic, we had no idea how talented you are! I told your father that I felt like I was at a real rock concert! The crowd was so into your music honey, it was just wonderful." His mom was positively beaming.

He smiled at her. "Thanks, Mom."

He looked like a little boy as he looked at his dad with desperate eyes waiting to hear what he had to say.

Mr. Hunter looked at Jonathan and smiled at him. "You are extremely talented, there is no denying that, and the crowd loves you. I have to say I was pleasantly surprised and we really enjoyed watching you on stage. But I still want you to keep in mind that you have a huge family responsibility that is going to begin in less than six months. This is fine for a side hobby but I expect you to be by my side, learning everything I do."

Jonathan's face fell and he quickly recovered not wanting to show his parents how upset he was. He had warned me that this would happen and I felt just awful that he was right. I really thought if his parents saw him perform live they would see that this was what he really wanted to do. But apparently, in his family, you're expected to do certain things and that's it, end of discussion.

Jonathan didn't say anything to that he just went along with the rest of the conversation. Mr. and Mrs. Hunter were staying in a nearby hotel and they said that they had to get going because their car was waiting for them outside. They asked if we needed a ride back to the dorm but Jonathan told them that he had already ordered a car to take us back. He hugged his parents goodbye and thanked them again for coming and told them that he would talk to them soon. They both hugged me goodbye and told me how nice it was to see me and said that they hoped to see me soon.

After they left I could see how down Jonathan was and I tried to cheer him up.

"Jonathan, you guys were amazing and your parents really enjoyed the show, I was watching them and I could tell that they were blown away!"

"Maybe, but you heard my dad, I really don't think there is any way that he would let me do this full-time and, working for him, there's just no way that I would be able to do this part-time, it's just not fair to the other guys in the band. I think that I just have to accept that after these next few months, that will be it for me and the band."

"Well, I saw your mom's reaction so let's just wait and see if she can convince your dad, if that is something that you want."

"I appreciate what you're trying to do Sky, I really do, but I think I'm just going to drop it. So, what do you say we get out of here?"

His mood instantly changed as he was able to push his feelings about what had just happened down deep and it seemed like he had no problem moving on. I didn't want to beat a dead horse with this so I decided to just drop it and wait and see what would happen next.

"Okay, let's go."

Chapter Twelve

The next four months passed quickly and graduation was fast approaching. Jonathan and I were inseparable and we spent almost every single day together. I basically moved into his room but I always made time to hang out with my friends so that they didn't think I was ditching them because I had a boyfriend. I hated when girls did that.

Over spring break Jonathan worked with his dad at the company so that he would be prepared to start the Monday after graduation. His dad wanted him to just dive in without any kind of break. He was super rigid and I kind of felt bad for Jonathan but he seemed fine with it, after all this was the way his dad had been all of his life. Since his dad's company was in New York, I wasn't as bummed about him graduating because I was going to be able to see him all the time. He told me that he would fly me to New York to see him every weekend or he would come see me if I wanted, and if I was busy he would make the plane available to me whenever I had the time to come see him.

Jonathan's band played at the Shadow Room one more time about three weeks before graduation, it was totally packed and it was their last show. He found out that several record execs were there again that night because the buzz about the band was really growing. It was close to finals and a bunch of us wanted to give ourselves a break so we went to see them and we all had a great time. It was back to the books for me the next day so I buried myself in the library and I was there until 1:00 a.m. most nights.

A week later, I decided to study in my room since Katie was at the library and I heard a frantic knock at my door at around 3:30p.m. My last final was coming up in a couple of days and I had one more paper due after that, and I couldn't wait for it all to be over. I had no idea who would be knocking at my door at that time and I knew it couldn't be Jonathan because he was supposed to be in class. I opened the door to see him standing there with an extremely excited look on his face.

"Hey, what's going on? I thought that you were supposed to be in class."

"I am, but I got a text from Matt and he told me to step out of class because it was urgent. We were just offered a record deal with Capitol Town Records!"

"Oh my gosh Jonathan, that is huge!" Capitol Town Records was part of the Big Seven record labels.

"I know! We've gotten offers from smaller labels before but never anything like this! They want to give us a one-year record deal where we put out an album and we tour and promote the record, and then they're adding an option for two more years, two more albums and more touring if the first year goes well. This is so incredible we are all so excited! How am I going to tell my parents about this? I'll have to figure something out because this is an offer that is too good to pass up, this is what we've all wanted!"

I was so excited for him but then I was instantly punched in the gut with the reality of what this really meant. I would probably not see him very much for the first year and I just knew that the band was going to take off so that would mean they'd be picked up for the two-year option after the first year. I probably would barely see him for three years. While I was happy for him and I knew that this would be the beginning of something really great for him, I was really sad because I felt like this would be the beginning of the end for us.

I didn't want to ruin his moment so I put on a happy face and told myself that we could talk about details about us later, after he cleared this with his parents. There was no need to stir the pot if his father was going to put his foot down about this. I would just have to wait to see what was going to happen.

I gave him a huge hug and a kiss. "I am so happy for you!"

"Thanks, sweetie, that means a lot." He pulled away a bit and looked at me with a bit of worry on his face. "How am I going to tell my dad about this? He's never going to allow it."

"Jonathan, I think you're going to have to go to your mom first. She seemed to really understand how much you love singing and she loved the show. Maybe she'll be able to get through to your dad."

"I hope so, I really want this Sky."

"I know you do, sweetie."

"Maybe my mom will be able to get through to him."

"What if you kind of negotiated doing it for a year to see what happens, and if things don't work out then tell your dad that you'll work for the company. Maybe if he sees this as a temporary hiatus for you he will be more open to it."

I saw a flicker of light in Jonathan's eyes and I could tell that he thought this was something that might actually work.

"Sky, that's actually not a bad idea. My cousin Jeremy was allowed to take a year off before he started college so maybe my dad will see this as me taking a year off before I start working for the company. The only problem is what if the band really takes off and the record company decides to exercise the additional two-year option?"

"I think that by that time, if you guys blow up, your dad will have to understand because you'll be big time and recognized all over the world. I think the first step is to get him to agree to a one-year trial period."

"I think you might have a great idea there, I'm going to call my mom and tell her that I need to see her this week."

"I hope it all works out for you. When does the record company want an answer?"

"We have a few weeks because we have to have our attorney look over the contract." His expression became very serious as he looked at me. "Sky, I want you to know that this is not going to change anything between us. We will figure out how to make things work, okay?"

I wanted to believe him, I really did, but I knew that there was no way things would be able to work out between us while he was traveling all over the world. There was going to be temptation, probably every day and probably in every city, and I couldn't expect him to stay faithful to me. I just didn't think that would be fair. But, I didn't want to ruin his mood so I just agreed with him.

"Okay, I know we will be able to figure things out." I hugged him and held back my tears.

"I'll let you get back to studying, I just wanted to share the good news with you. I'll see you later."

After he left my room I sat at my desk in a bit of shock at what had just happened. If he signed that contract, our relationship would never be the same again; there was just no way we could still be together. Thoughts of groupies throwing themselves at him flooded my brain and I tried to push them out but I couldn't. The fact that Jonathan was super hot was a guarantee that girls would be throwing themselves at him and once they found out that he was rich before he became a rock star, even more women would be after him. Like I had said to myself before, we were living in a bubble and I really liked our bubble. I wished more than anything we could stay there.

Katie came back to the room around dinnertime and I told her what had happened.

"What?! That is so awesome!" Her eyes were gleaming when I told her the news and then her face completely fell and she looked super worried. "Oh wait, what are you going to do about you guys?"

"Jonathan told me that this isn't going to change anything with us, he said that we would be able to work things out."

She cautiously looked at me. "Are you okay?"

"Katie, I'm happy for him but to be honest, I'm scared that this is going to ruin everything between us."

"Sky, I believe that if two people are meant to be together there is nothing that can keep them apart, and I think that you guys are meant to be together. Everything will work out, you'll see, don't worry, Jonathan really loves you."

Katie's words made me feel a little bit better but I was still bummed.

"You didn't let him see you like this did you?"

"No, I put on a happy face for him."

"Okay, that's good because this is a really big deal Sky, he's getting the chance to go after his dream. Do you have any idea how huge that is?"

"I know, that's why I didn't tell him how I was really feeling because I didn't want to ruin anything for him. Besides, I don't even know if he'll be able to do it because his dad is dead set on him joining his company. He thinks of the singing thing as a hobby."

"Oh wow, that would suck if he couldn't do this. It's a legit record contract! Doesn't his dad know how hard it is to get one of those? His dad should understand!"

"We'll see, he's supposed to talk to his mom about it later this week. Anyway, I'm starving, aren't you?"

"Yeah, I am."

"Let's go eat. I'm going to go crazy if I keep thinking about this."

We grabbed our coats and headed off to the cafeteria.

Chapter Thirteen

Graduation was in two weeks but that following weekend Jonathan was going to fly home to New York to talk to his mom in private. He said his dad was going to be out of town on business so he would have his mom to himself. When he came back to school that Sunday afternoon he seemed to be in an extremely good mood so I assumed that the talk with his mom must have gone well. He came right to my room and we ended up going down to his room because Katie was taking a nap.

I hopped on his bed, folded my legs under me, and propped my face in my hands bracing myself for whatever I was about to hear.

"So, how did it go?"

He seemed really happy and he had a huge grin on his face. "It went way better than I ever expected. First of all, my dad wasn't out of town, he was there so I had to tell both of them at the same time."

My eyes widened in surprise. "Oh my gosh, you are kidding! What did he say?"

"He was surprised that we actually got a legitimate record contract and, at first, he was not happy about it at all. He told me again that my responsibility was to the company and that I would have to decline the contract and then my mom stepped in. My mom rarely defies my father, I mean it just doesn't happen, but she really stuck up for me. She told him that she was afraid that if they didn't let me do this that they would lose their relationship with me, and she said that she would not allow that to happen. She told my dad that she knew this was a lifelong dream of mine, even though I didn't talk about it around him, I had mentioned it to her a few times and she was not going to let them crush my dream."

"Wow, Jonathan, that is incredible." I dug deep and tried super hard to sound happy for him but inside I was dying. Our bubble had burst and I really felt like this was the beginning of the end.

"Yeah, I still can't believe it. She seemed to really understand what a big deal this is and by the end of the conversation she helped my father understand what a huge deal this is. So, your suggestion was genius because he agreed to a one year trial to see what happens and told me that if things didn't work out in that year the door was always open for me to join the company. He's going to have his lawyer look over the contract so I'm pretty stoked about that. And you know the whole possibility of the option of two additional years?"

"Yeah."

"He said we could cross that bridge when the time came. So basically, I am in complete shock that this is actually going to happen. I talked to the rest of the guys and we all agreed that if at any time, one of us wants to quit, then that will be it. We'll finish out whatever time is left on the contract but then that will be the end. We're not going to replace band members because we feel it should always be the original five of us."

I tried to hide my feelings, but they were too strong and I just couldn't do it anymore. He must have seen the sadness on my face because he suddenly looked very concerned and he furrowed his brow as his eyes searched mine. "What's wrong?"

I raised my sad eyes to his. "I am super happy for you Jonathan, I really am, but I have to admit that I am a little bit scared because I think that I'm never going to see you. You're going to be so busy touring all over and the girls are going to be going crazy for you guys, you know, and I don't want you to miss out on that experience. It's important to have fans like that and it's important to make the fans happy. Your life is really going to change and I think that it's going to be really hard for us to keep in touch. You've got to experience this 100% and I don't want to hold you back in any way."

He gently held my face in his hands, his gorgeous eyes searching mine. "Don't you know?"

I was thoroughly confused by his question. "Know what?"

"There is no one else in the world for me."

Butterflies fluttered in my belly and even that little feeling made me sad because I knew that things would change. No matter what he said, no matter how we felt about each other, things were going to change. I tried to stay positive but I knew what I had to do to protect my heart so, for the time being, I just played along and try to stay upbeat.

"Do you mean that?"

"Of course I do Sky, I love you. Everything will be okay, I promise."

"Okay. Well, I better get going because I have to finish my paper. Jonathan, I'm so happy for you that this happened to you guys. You totally deserve it and I can't wait until the day I can say to someone, 'I knew that guy in college'."

I started to walk out of his room and he grabbed my arm and pulled me back. "Hey, what's going on? Why are you talking like we're never going to see each other again?"

I tried to lie to him but I was completely transparent so I just told him the truth. I threw my hands up in frustration.

"Because everything is going to change, Jonathan! I don't think we'll ever be able to get back to this." I gestured with my hand back and forth between the two of us.

"Skylar please do not give up on us before we've had a chance to even see how far things can go. Please don't do that."

"I don't want to but I think I have to." The tears spilled over before I could stop them.

He looked panicked. "What are you saying?"

"Maybe we should cool things off for a while so that you can focus on getting ready for your new life."

"No, I don't want to do that Sky!"

"I know, but I think it will be best for now."

He was visibly upset and didn't want me to leave.

"Please don't do this Sky, it doesn't have to be like this." His eyes were pleading.

"Jonathan your life is going to change drastically and I want you to be free to do what you want and date who you want. You'll probably forget about me when thousands of adoring fans are screaming your name. I love you and it kills me to do this but I have to set you free."

He was crying now and my heart was breaking.

"I only want to be with you! Don't do this Sky, please!"

"Johnathan it's the best thing for us. If we're supposed to be together, then we will be, I really believe that."

"How can we be together if you're leaving me?"

"If we're meant to be together, our paths will cross again one day. Go and follow your dream and enjoy every minute of it because you're going to be a huge success, I just know it."

"If it means that you are going to break up with me, then I'm not going to do it. The deal is dead. I don't want to lose you Sky and I'm going to tell them that I'm not accepting their offer, that's final."

"No! Jonathan, you cannot throw away this opportunity. You have been given a gift that so many people would love to have. You have to do it. Go on to tour, make records and live your dream, I don't want to get in your way. If we're meant to be together then we will be."

"Can I still call you at least?"

"I think it's best if you just focus on the band and your music. I don't want to be any kind of distraction for you."

Jonathan sat there with his head in his hands, slowly shaking his head back and forth, and he raised his tear stained eyes to mine.

"I don't know why you're doing this Skylar, you are breaking my heart."

The tears were flowing down my cheeks and I leaned down and gently held his face in mine as my eyes searched his. "I'm doing this because I love you. I want you to be able to focus on your music 100%."

I walked out of his room, wiping away my tears, trying to figure out how I was going to make it through each day. When I got upstairs, Katie was still napping so I quietly climbed on my bed, buried my head in my pillow and cried softly. I just broke up with Jonathan.

Chapter Fourteen

Katie tried to coax me out of bed to go eat dinner but I had no appetite so she brought some food back for me from the cafeteria. I managed to force down a couple of bites but that was it. She sat on her bed and looked at me.

"So, what happened Sky?"

I looked at her and tried not to cry as I explained everything.

"Jonathan's life is going to change drastically Katie and I know that he won't have time for me. He's going to have tons of fans, all these girls after him and how can I possibly compete with that? By the time this starts for him we will have been dating for less than a year. I told him that we should call things off so that he can focus on his music. I don't want to be a distraction for him."

"Sky, I think you're making a mistake, Jonathan really loves you. You don't have to break up with him just because he got a record deal, you guys can work it out. There are planes you know, you can fly to see him while he's recording and touring, it's not like you'll never see each other. I don't understand why you want to throw it all away."

"Katie, let's be real. Jonathan is gorgeous, rich and talented, he's going to have tons of girls after him and tons of temptation. I don't think it would be fair of me to expect him to stay faithful in that kind of environment. I think he needs to experience that whole rock star life thing and then, I guess, if we're supposed to be together then maybe later on down the line it'll happen. But for now, I think this is the best thing for both of us."

"You know I will be there for you whatever you decide, but I think this is a big mistake."

There was a part of me that was too afraid to admit that I was scared of how he would change and all the girls he would meet so instead of waiting for him to break my heart, I broke up with him before that could happen. I tried to tell myself that it was the right thing to do, but the more I told myself that, the less I was starting to believe it. What have I done?

*****

Graduation was the following Saturday and I managed to avoid running into Jonathan all week. I felt sick to my stomach every day and I missed him like crazy, but I kept telling myself that it was the best thing for both of us. Katie was worried about me because I was barely eating so she brought me food every day to make sure that I put something in my stomach.

She went home that Thursday and we cried as we hugged goodbye and we promised to visit each other that summer. We had already chosen each other as roommates for our sophomore year so we knew that we would be together again when we came back to school. I was going home Saturday morning and I couldn't wait to get there so that I could have some distance between Jonathan and me. It would be much easier for me if he wasn't living right below me. There were so many times after I broke up with Jonathan that I wanted to run downstairs and give him a hug, but I didn't do it. I kept telling myself that breaking up was the right thing to do.

I was packing my suitcase on Friday afternoon when I heard a light knock at my door. My heart began to pound against my chest because most of the girls on my floor had already gone home and I figured that the only person it could be was Jonathan coming to talk to me about getting back together. My palms were sweaty and my mouth was dry as I braced myself and opened the door.

I was completely surprised to see Jonathan's aunt Lauren at my door. I gave her a cautious smile and told her to come in.

"Sorry to drop in on you like this Skylar, but can I talk to you for a few minutes?"

"Uh, sure." I had no idea what she could possibly want to talk to me about but I was ready to listen.

"Jonathan doesn't know that I came to see you. We're all here for the graduation tomorrow, obviously, and I thought I would come and see how you're doing because he told me that you broke up with him. He is taking it really hard; I've never seen him so sad. Do you mind if we talk about this?"

I did kind of mind but I didn't want to be rude because they had all been so nice to me, so I decided to try to help her understand what happened.

"No, I don't mind." My voice was soft because I knew that this was not going to be easy.

"Okay, Jonny told me that you broke up with him because you didn't want to get in the way of him following his dreams. Let me tell you a little bit about how Jake and I met because I don't want you to make the same mistake that I did."

Hmmm, this I've got to hear.

"Jake and I met in college, just like you and Jonathan and, just like you, right before graduation I broke up with Jake."

This surprised me. "You did? Why?"

"I got into law school in Chicago and Jake was supposed to work for his family in New York and he was going to throw all of that away so that he could be with me in Chicago. His father had been grooming him to take over the family business with his brother ever since he was a young boy, and it was expected that that was what he was going to do. Jake didn't want to be away from me so he was planning to tell his father that he was not going to work for the company and he was going to figure out something else to do in Chicago. I didn't want him to do that because he was going to be throwing away an incredible opportunity that I felt one day he might resent me for, and I didn't want that to happen. So I told him that I had to focus on law school and that it would be best for us to break up and he should go work for his father's company. He wasn't happy about it at all, but he didn't have a choice so we broke up."

"How did he take it?"

"He was devastated, and so was I, but we went our separate ways and it just so happened that at our 10 year college reunion we saw each other and it was as if no time had passed because we picked up right where we left off. So, because everything eventually worked out with us, if I had the chance to do it all over again would I do everything the same? Absolutely not. I lost 10 years with Jake and I will never be able to get those 10 years back. Jake is the love of my life and he is the person that I was meant to be with, and I knew that the moment that I met him."

I could feel the tears welling up as she spoke to me because it was like she was talking about what Jonathan and I had.

"Skylar, Jonathan really loves you and I know my nephew, he's like his father and he's like his uncle, they know when they've met the right woman for them and I truly believe that Jonathan feels that way about you. I have never seen him as happy as he was when he was with you. You need to follow your heart and not worry about you getting in the way of his dreams. If you both love each other like I think you do, don't let the love slip away."

"But he's going to be gone for so long and his life is going to really change."

"Yes it is, but he loves you. He might be on tour, but he can fly you to visit him anywhere whenever your school schedule permits. If you truly love him Sky, go to him and tell him that you want to be with him and you'll both figure out a way to make things work. Don't do what I did and miss out on precious time together. This kind of love comes around once in a lifetime and I would hate for you both to miss it."

I wiped away my tears as her words sank in.

"Well dear, that's all I wanted to say. Thank you for listening. I'll let you get back to packing and I hope to see you again soon."

Lauren smiled at me and gave me a big hug and then left, and I had to admit that talking to her made me feel better about things with Jonathan. I thought about everything that she said to me. She missed out on 10 years with her husband who she knew was the love of her life, and looking back she said she knew that it was a mistake to break up with him before graduation.

Was I making the same mistake? Did I break up with him because I thought it was the best thing for him, or because I was afraid of getting my heart broken? If I was being honest with myself I knew I did it to protect myself, and you know what? That was a pretty selfish thing to do. I sat there dumbfounded looking around at everything and nothing at the same time.

What am I doing? Skylar, what are you doing? Why am I going to throw away what we have?

All of a sudden something just clicked and I flung open my door and ran downstairs to Jonathan's room to see him. He looked pretty sad as he was packing his suitcase and I gently knocked on the door so that he would know that I was standing there. His eyes were full of sorrow as he looked at me and I wanted to make it go away.

I didn't say anything, I just walked right over to him and put my arms around him and held on tight. He wrapped his arms around me and I could feel his body shake as he sobbed on my shoulder.

"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry for everything. I've been such an idiot Jonathan. I love you and I don't want to lose you. If you still want me we can figure this out. I don't want to break up with you."

He pulled back a bit and gently held my face in his hands as his tear filled eyes searched mine.

"I don't want to lose you either Sky. I love you so much and my heart was breaking when I thought about life without you. I don't want to be with anyone else. I promise we'll figure out how we're going to see each other while I'm on the road."

I smiled at him. "I know, we can work this out."

"You'll visit me, I'll visit you and we will be together. This, what we have, this is meant to be. I don't ever want to be with anyone else."

"Neither do I."

He leaned down and gently touched his lips to mine.

"I love you, Sky."

"I love you too."

Epilogue

Six Years Later

Katie and I ended up rooming together all four years of college and she is my best friend in the world. The summer after our sophomore year she was visiting me in Chicago and we walked by a cupcake shop and a light bulb went off at the exact same time for both of us. From that point on, in all of our spare time we created a business plan for a cupcake business, found sponsors, found a storefront in Boston and started our cupcake boutique the summer after our junior year. By the time we graduated we were turning a profit. We now have 20 stores across the East Coast and over 200 employees.

Jonathan ended up touring for three years, recorded three albums and is recognized by fans all the time who beg him to put out a solo album. He hung up the guitar to go work for his dad when two of the guys in the band got married and had babies. They decided that they didn't want to be away from their families anymore, so the band stuck to their original plan and they broke up after the contract ended. I can tell he misses it but he still keeps in touch with the guys from the band.

We continued to see each other and the distance wasn't as bad as I thought it would be probably because I was so busy with school and starting a business. He flew out to see me and I flew out to see him as often as we could and every time I saw him it was always better than the last time.

Katie and I live in the same condo building in Manhattan and I'm not too far from Jonathan's condo. Our relationship is stronger than ever and I will be forever grateful to his aunt Lauren for coming to see me that day.

*****

It was around 5:00 p.m. on a gorgeous Saturday in the spring, I was checking my lipstick in the car mirror and I looked over at Jonathan, who was driving, and smiled at him. He must have felt me looking at him because he glanced over at me and returned my smile.

"What's on your mind, beautiful?"

"Oh nothing, just thinking about how much fun we just had at Bunny's 90th birthday party. She is a ball of energy."

"Yeah, Nana Bunny has always been a spitfire. It was good to see everyone, wasn't it?"

"Yeah, it was. I was kind of surprised to see that your uncle Ethan has already moved onto wife number six. Wasn't Barbi's mom wife number four?"

"Yep, but everyone in the family knew that wouldn't last."

"I would say I feel bad for Barbi but she seems to be doing just fine. Did you see her on that tabloid news show the other day?"

"I did, and she seems to fit right in with the kind of stuff that she likes to wear."

I giggled at that, I couldn't help it. "Funny how some things never change."

"I know. So, do you want to go for a walk in the park before dinner? Our reservation isn't until 7:00."

"Sure, we haven't done that in a while."

Ever since that first walk in the park in college when Jonathan called out Barbi, we made it a habit to take a walk in the park whenever we could.

We were strolling through the park and Jonathan suggested that we go in the Botanical Garden since we rarely did that. The flowers in there were so beautiful. We were casually walking through the garden and Jonathan pointed out a beautiful group of sunflowers.

"Aren't these beautiful?"

"Yes, they are. They look like the flowers on my ring and necklace."

Just then an employee walked by and said she had a package for us. I was thoroughly confused, how could she have a package for us when she didn't know that we would be there? She handed Jonathan something and I couldn't see what it was until he turned around towards me. There in his hand was a gorgeous bouquet of sunflowers and, once again, I knew that my dad was there. He handed them to me and I couldn't stop smiling and I could feel the tears welling up.

"Jonathan, these are beautiful, thank you."

"You're beautiful, Sky."

He suddenly got very serious. "You are everything I have ever wanted in woman. You make me a better man every day, you are my best friend, my happiness and joy, the person I cannot live without. I want to be with you for the rest of my life. Before you there was no one and without you there will never be anyone else."

He then reached into his pocket and pulled out a small black velvet box and got down on one knee. My heart was pounding as a tear gently rolled down my cheek. He opened the box and the diamond ring took my breath away.

"Skylar Miller, will you marry me?"

I didn't even hesitate. "Yes! A thousand times yes!"

I flung my arms around him and our lips met in a passionate kiss.

"I love you, Sky."

"I love you too, Jonathan."

All of a sudden people around us started clapping and I couldn't stop grinning as I looked around and wiped away my tears of happiness. Jonathan picked me up and swung me around.

"We're getting married!"

I am the happiest woman in the world.

The End

