Prologue

Present Day

The metal dug into his wrists. As Reeve watched the red indentation forming on his skin, he never thought he'd be the one in this position. Even in his wildest hopes, he never imagined he'd be wearing only boxer briefs and cowboy boots while handcuffed to a bedpost.

But if he were to really analyze the situation, with complete and total honesty, the boots were probably the strangest part of the whole scenario. He'd never been a cowboy boots kind of guy. Combat boots, maybe, worn and tattered. Jeans and tee-shirts, for sure.

But genuine cowboy boots?

So not Reeve.

"Tell me when it hurts."

"Doesn't hurt," he said.

A pair of hands wrapped around him, tugging on each end of the handcuffs, tightening them. He felt another pair of hands slide up his back. He sucked in a breath. Damn, why did it have to feel so good? Why wasn't he the one doing the cuffing, and calling the shots? But then, the deal with Sutton Brenner had never started with him calling the shots. It had always started with her, with her glorious legs, ice-blue eyes, curtains of brown, silky hair, and the body that would put a Victoria's Secret model to shame. He was pretty sure Sutton's hands were the ones tracing long, lingering lines up his back.

The two women weren't the only ones in the room, but Reeve did his best to keep his head down, his eyes off of anyone else.

"How about a cowboy hat before I take you for a ride?"

He heard the sound of a whip cracking against a palm, and then a wide-brimmed hat came down on his head, pushing his dark hair into his eyes. Sutton stepped back. Her role was done.

Sutton Brenner had seen a lot of young men with their shirts off. A fair amount with jeans off too. Yes, she definitely considered herself a top-tier appraiser of the finest specimens of toned, muscled, and eminently lickable male flesh. Not that she went around sampling the produce. Rather, she was known for being able to pick 'em. She could identify a thoroughbred with one sharp-eyed stare. Reeve wasn't the typical buffed, oiled and flexed 200-pounds of muscle you'd see in a fireman's calendar, nor was he your standard-order bachelorette-party beefcake with a bowtie and a big smile. There was something a bit more refined about him. Not just in his face-those cheekbones had been sculpted by Renaissance Masters, she was sure-but also in his body. He was longer, lankier, with the tightly toned frame of a cyclist, but filled out in all the right places. Trim waist, cut abs, arms with just the right amount of delicious definition. And that hair, so soft and inviting.

Sutton bit her lip just thinking of all the days and nights she'd spent with him. Sure, he might be the one chained to a bedpost now. But she was an equal opportunity objectifier and she grinned privately as she rewound through all the times he'd had his way with her. But this moment wasn't about her. It was about him. The spotlight was definitely on him.

Chapter One

Four Months Ago

Callback.

The word itself was alluring. It whispered of promises and hope and possibility. It was the thing an actor wanted most to hear after an audition, but hell if callback wasn't the big tease. It was the carrot you chased and rarely caught.

Reeve longed to hear those words on his voice mail, to see them in his email. They came in fits and starts, and he hadn't gotten a callback since he finished the run of an off-Broadway production of Les Mis. The producers had modernized the show so Reeve had gotten to sing like a rock star, and he felt like one too, earning comparisons by critics to the lead singer of Arcade Fire in one review, and Coldplay in another. The show closed a few weeks ago, and Reeve found himself where young actors in New York often find themselves. Looking for a job. It was a constant state as a thespian. You had to live your life on the edge of want every single day. If there was anything else he remotely wanted to do with his life-be a cop like his dad, or a high school English teacher, like his mom, he'd have signed up for the police academy or a teaching degree a few years ago. But acting was his passion, the thing he couldn't live without, and so, at age twenty-four, he'd amassed a couple decent credits, and a few nice gigs, but not a ton of dough. Despite the reviews for Les Mis, he'd only made a few thousand bucks from the show.

That was the problem with theater. It barely satisfied the beast of New York City rent.

Sure, there were commercials, and Reeve had snagged a couple of spots, pimping whitening toothpaste in one, and flashing his bright, perfect smile. Hey, he wasn't bragging. He just had straight teeth, thanks to years in braces as a kid. But he needed a bigger payday. Nab a meaty role in a film, or land a part in a TV show that makes it, and you're on your way to no longer having to strap a messenger bag across your back, and zip through traffic like you've got a deathwish. Bike messengers were still in demand by law offices and financial firms, but the clients could be douchebags, and Reeve got tired of the dirty looks he'd get from the pinstriped-suited men in elevators. As if they'd never seen a guy with bike grease on his cheeks before.

Today was one of those days. A snooty lady in an office building had made him take the stairs fifteen flights rather than the elevator, then he'd been nearly clipped by a cab making an illegal turn on Third Avenue, and to top it off he'd almost gotten sideswiped by a bus when the driver didn't bother to look whether the lane was clear. Was it so much to ask for drivers to pay attention?

Now, he was racing against the clock to deliver documents for a deal closing.

"Hold the door," he called out as the brass elevator doors of a swank Park Avenue office building started to shut. The whole place was gold-plated and marble-floored and reeked of insanely high hourly billing rates, the likes of which Reeve could barely even imagine.

He ran over to the lift, messenger bag smacking the back of his tee-shirt, and raced inside. The gray-haired man who'd held the door gave him a quick once-over and then snorted a "harumph" and shook his head.

"Need a tissue? Some cough drops, maybe?" Reeve said, because he knew the blue blood was dissing him in his street wear, with his bike helmet still on, and fingerless gloves on his hands, and the attitude ticked him off.

"Shouldn't you be taking the service elevator, young man?"

"Oh, right. I should," Reeve muttered under his breath while staring at the elevator buttons. "Because I might infect the people in here with my low-paying, grubby, barely-covers-the-rent job."

Evidently, the man had good hearing. "I could call building security on you."

Crap. The guy probably owned the building. Reeve should have known better. He should have shut his mouth. He should have said, "Yes sir, I will take that elevator next time." But honestly, the whole bike-messenger-in-the-service-elevator was supposed to be a thing of the past.

"Sorry," Reeve said.

They stepped out at the same floor and walked into a glass-paneled office suite.

"Hello, Mr. Fitzpatrick," the receptionist said and Reeve cringed as he handed her the package. "For Mr. Fitzpatrick," Reeve said in a low voice.

He turned tail, ready to get the hell out of the office, when Mr. Fitzpatrick called out to the receptionist. "Sally, dear. Would you please look into a new messenger service for our documents?"

Fuck. His boss was going to skewer him. Why did he have to make a snide comment? Reeve didn't usually let pointed remarks get the better of him. But, it wasn't even the richie-rich dude in the suit that he was pissed at. Reeve was still pissed at himself over blowing a callback a few weeks ago.

It had been a plum role. A supporting part in a new Joss Whedon flick. He'd nailed the first audition, then he'd prepped and practiced his lines over and over before the callback. That was the problem. He'd wrung all the feelings from the words after one too many solo rehearsals in front of the bathroom mirror. By the time he opened his mouth for the camera that was rolling on his callback, he was on auto-pilot. He knew from the way the producer had said "Thanks, we'll be in touch" that he'd flubbed it and Reeve only had himself to blame.

Now, he'd lost a client for Swift as Light.

He left the Park Avenue building, spotting the flashing red light on his phone. His boss had probably called to ream him out. There was a text message too. What the hell did you do??? Reeve ignored it, unlocked his bike, and hopped into the saddle, speed-demoning it down the traffic-infested streets of New York, spewing a stream of curse words as he gripped the handlebars. Now he'd have to give his best mea culpa to his boss at the Swift as Light offices in the East Village. When he arrived, he wheeled his bike inside, parked it in the cluttered hallway, and found Dave waiting for him. Hands on hips. Face lined with anger.

Reeve pulled the messenger bag over his head and dropped it on the floor.

"Sorry."

"Dude. What the f**k is wrong with you? Don't f**king talk to people. Just keep your mouth shut."

"Sorry. I almost got killed out there. I'm having a shit day."

"Welcome to being an adult. Every day can be a shit day. You don't have to be a dick to the clients."

"I didn't know he was a client," Reeve said, then instantly hated himself for sounding whiny.

"Assume everyone is. Got that? Assume everyone is a client and shut your mouth. You're not in a Tarantino film. You're in a job. So act like it."

"Okay. Got the message." Reeve held up his hands, as if surrendering.

"And go take a week off to cool down."

"What?" Reeve's jaw dropped.

"I gotta spend the day trying to triage this and figure out if I can save a client. If I see you around, it'll piss me off. So get out of here, and come back in a week. We'll see if I no longer want to strangle you with one of your dumbass tee-shirts with their stupid sayings," Dave said, and walked back into his office.

Reeve glanced down at his well-worn blue tee-shirt. What was wrong with his tee-shirts now? This one had the words "Beehives are not pinatas" in a cool font across the front. The shirt looked good on him. Some chick at the corner bodega where he got his morning coffee had even said "cool shirt." He could rock a worn tee-shirt like nobody's business thanks to his lean and muscly frame.

Reeve snagged his bike, left the office and called Jill. They'd been friends for a while, but became even tighter during Les Mis, when she played Eponine. Tight in the close friends kind of way. Tight in the way a dude can be buddies with a chick.

"Come on over tonight and we'll drown your sorrows," she said. "My roommate's in Paris for a business trip so we can be as loud and obnoxious as we want."

"Because if she were here, you'd be quiet and considerate?" Reeve teased.

"As if I'm capable of that."

"I'll be over after seven. I'm going to the gym. I have to blow off some steam."

"Good. Because you are not permitted to come over angry. It would totally ruin my feng shui crystal healing energy vibe."

He laughed. "Since when are you into new age stuff?"

"Since never. But I got something nice from a marathon mommy and it's got your name written all over it."

"Can't wait to see what it is. See you later, babe."

After a stint at the gym, and a quick shower, Reeve walked across town to Jill's apartment in Chelsea and she buzzed him up.

"I have beer and I have vodka. Pick your poison." Jill waggled a long-neck bottle in one hand, and a short glass with ice cubes and clear liquid in the other.

"Vodka," he said, and took a long swallow of the liquor, downing most of the drink.

"Whoa, Tiger. Slow it down."

Reeve just shrugged, thrust the glass at Jill, and affixed his best commercial toothpaste smile. "May I have another, pretty please?"

"Fine," she said, pouring more into the glass.

"Since when do you buy Belvedere?"

"This is the something nice I got. It was a gift from one of the ladies in my running club who finished the New York City marathon."

"She gave you vodka for finishing a marathon?"

"Yes. And I genuflected, because I love my Belvedere almost as much as my beer. Now, come to my couch, and tell me all your problems," she said, pointing to the mustard-colored couch, well-worn from many late-night talk sessions.

"So your roomie's in Paris?"

"She's on a mission to find new designs for her necklaces. That, and trying to stay away from the guy she's been jonesing for."

"You know she blew me off for a nightcap after opening night when we played at the Soho Club."

Jill waved a hand in the air. "She'd have blown off David Gandy, my dear. She only has eyes for this guy. She's been a done deal for a long time."

"Anyway," Reeve said as he stretched out on the couch, resting his head in Jill's lap. She ran her fingers through his hair, but not in a romantic way. They were past that, but actors are naturally touchy people. They are used to having hands on each other, whether on stage or in rehearsals, so it becomes a natural state of affairs when hanging out.

"Let's see. Well, I totally f**ked up my audition for the Joss Whedon film, as you know. Second, I haven't booked a commercial in weeks. Third, I'm pretty sure the residuals from my last toothpaste spot are going to dry up soon. Fourth, my boss at the messenger service is forcing me to take a week off without pay because I was rude-" Reeve said, sketching air quotes around the word "-to one of his customers."

"Ouch."

"Fifth. Rent. Rent. Rent."

Jill stared pensively at a cracked section of plaster on the ceiling. "You know, Reeve," Jill said, in a voice that Reeve instantly recognized as her mastermind tone. "One of the Upper East Side cougars in my running club has a high-end escort service going on."

Reeve laughed and sat up straight. "Seriously? You want me to be an escort?"

"Is it such a crazy thought? You're young and hot and you can play any part. That's what these ladies want."

"What kind of ladies?"

"All kinds," Jill said, in an evasive way.

"What do you mean all kinds?"

"Just that all sorts of ladies use escort services."

"I can't believe you have a chick in your running club who's a pimp," Reeve said and pushed his long fingers through his dark hair.

"She's not a pimp, Reeve." Jill punched him on the shoulder. "She's a high-end madam. For dudes." Then Jill laughed.

"Would I have to, you know, with them?"

"Go down on them?"

Reeve made a rolling motion with his hand. "That and other things."

Jill shrugged. "Probably in some cases. I mean, some women just read Playgirl for the articles, but I'm pretty sure when you're shelling out $500 a pop you want the escort to take care of the lady business."

"Call me crazy, but I kind of like actually-you know-being attracted to the girl I'm making scream my name out loud."

"Do you, Reeve? Do you make them scream your name out loud?"

Reeve raised an eyebrow playfully. "Every. Single. Time."

Sutton Brenner had a problem. A big problem. She was on the cusp of winning a contract so hot and so coveted that any of her competitors would walk on hot coals for it. It was the opportunity of a lifetime. She'd been prepping for it, she'd been pitching for it. She knew she was the right one-the only one-- for this project.

Escorted Lives.

Who else had better credentials to find the top talent for the red-hot film based on the biggest selling erotic romance series the world had seen in ages? After all, Sutton had cast the most successful male stripper movie-It's Raining Men-which had showered $302 million in greenbacks at the box office down on the producers. Not to mention Spread, an indie flick about a chiseled male model who falls in love with an Oklahoma house wife. That film had burst out of the festival circuit to earn both critical acclaim and a cool $112 million, ten times its budget. Sutton had even earned a nod in an industry trade magazine as "the best appraiser of male flesh and talent in all of the film community."

She'd grinned in delight at the accolade.

But the money guys hadn't given her the greenlight to cast "Escorted Lives" yet. Maybe they were being cautious, but then the mega-rich Frederick and Nicholas Pinkerton were known as risktakers. Sutton was perched on the edge of her chair, across the glass conference table from the British twin film financiers. They were her countrymen, and she couldn't help but hope that her British-ness might give her a leg up. She could talk the talk about London and the Queen and footie, and they loved that. The were avid golfers too, and so Sutton had chatted them up about the relative merits of the Augusta National Club versus Pebble Beach Golf Links. Sutton didn't know a lick about swinging a golf club, but she'd researched the hell out of the courses so she could hold her own on one of their favorite subjects-golf in America.

Would her prep work pay off?

"You're definitely at the top of the list for Escorted Lives," Frederick said, but his voice trailed off.

Top of the list meant there was still a list.

Damn.

Sutton needed to get rid of the list. She needed to be the only list.

Frederick glanced at his wife, Janelle. She was seated next to him, but she hadn't uttered a word. She'd just kept her hands folded together on the table, her lips tightly closed. Janelle's green eyes were cool and piercing. Her black hair was pulled back in a bun so tight it looked as if the skin were being stretched to her scalp. She was stone, and Sutton thought she might be practicing her best approximation of a statue. But Sutton knew Janelle was the real puppeteer here. She was the reason Frederick was rich in the first place. He'd married into her family money, and she had a hand in all the decisions he made about his films. She might not have the official title of executive producer, but everyone in the movie biz knew that a Frederick Pinkerton movie had to pass muster with the wife before he could work on it.

She was the sort of silent partner who could make or break any deal of his.

Janelle moved, leaning closer to Frederick. She whispered something in his ear.

He nodded, then spoke. "And we were thinking perhaps we could meet your fiance. Perhaps we could all have dinner?"

Sutton tried not to look confused. She didn't have a fiance. "Sorry?"

Frederick's brows knitted in concern. "I was sure I'd read in the papers that you were engaged recently."

The papers. An engagement. Of course. Sutton was often mistaken-well, in print at least-for the Broadway actress Sutton McKenna, who had gotten engaged to her manager last week. There weren't too many Suttons in New York show biz, hence the frequent mixups. Sutton was about to say that there'd been a misunderstanding, but Janelle piped up. "We do so love to have a family atmosphere at our company."

Janelle gave Frederick a pointed look, and everything clicked for Sutton. Frederick had cheated on his wife over and over with many nubile young things, and word on the street was that Janelle was doing everything to keep him in line. Perhaps that included making sure he only hired attached women to work on his films?

Sutton could read between the lines. They might have mistaken another's engagement for hers, but perhaps this was the lucky break she needed to nab the film.

She played along, holding up her ring-less hand. "My boyfriend surprised me the other weekend. The ring was just a tad bit too big, so now it's being resized and I can not wait to get it back on my hand," she said, mustering up all the glee she imagined a recently betrothed twenty-eight-year-old casting director might feel.

Frederick beamed, Nicholas clapped, and Janelle managed a sliver of a smile.

"Then we cannot wait to have dinner with you and your fiance on Friday night, and perhaps we can finalize things then," Janelle said, and it was clear that she was in charge of the hiring. That whatever decision the brothers made about the casting of the film would be Janelle's choice, and Janelle likely wanted a taken woman working closely with her philandering husband. Funny, considering Sutton had heard from an agent friend that Janelle wasn't even giving her husband the goods anymore. Apparently, she'd cut him off til he proved he could behave. "Why don't you come to our penthouse on Fifth Avenue? Just the six of us."

Friday night was five nights from now. Where in the whole of New York was Sutton supposed to come up with a fiance in five days? But she had no intention of losing this project simply on account of lacking a man. She'd sort out the details later.

"Absolutely. I'd be most delighted," Sutton said in a crisp voice.

Janelle stood up to leave. The brothers rose too. "Oh, I just thought of a brilliant idea," Janelle said. "Perhaps you and your fiance might like to see the new play that just opened at the St. James. I have box seats for tomorrow, but alas, I have a charity event to attend." Janelle reached into her Hermes purse, rooting around for tickets but came up empty. "Oh dear. They must be in my other bag. I'll just messenger them over to you later today."

"Wonderful. How generous of you. We'll be so excited to see it," Sutton said, and now she had little more than twenty-four hours to produce a fictional fiance to take to the theater.

How hard could it be though? This was her forte. She knew where to find the sexiest men to star in the sexiest man candy roles. She could bring you hot firemen, tattooed bad boys, heroic soldiers, hometown guys with chips on their shoulders, rock star types who made girls throw bras on stage, and all-American athletes who could melt panties.

Now, hours later, as Sutton tapped a Louboutin-clad foot on the floor in her office and stared at a framed photo of her most adorable dog, she knew none of those types were right for this particular role. Sutton had never dated that type of man. She could bluff at the conference table about having a fiance, but to pull off a dinner with the producers of the film, including that hawkish wife? Wives knew when a relationship was not what it seemed, and Janelle already had her bloodhound nose a-sniffing around her husband's wandering eye. If Sutton were to pull off this farce of a fiance, she'd need a man who really was her type, someone she could reasonably like.

But all the actors she'd auditioned for It's Raining Men were stripper types, beefcake and bravado. This was not a job that necessitated swagger. Sutton had never gone for those kind of guys. Truth be told, she'd always had a thing for hipsters. A little bit of stubble, a little bit of attitude, a tattoo on the arm, jeans that showed off a fine piece of ass.

She picked up the picture frame, as if the dog with his tan and brown face had all the answers. "Tell me who'd be perfect for this role," she said to the dog's image. Then she pressed the frame to her chest and closed her eyes. He had to be sexy, but he had to have a touch of innocence to him. Why was it that men didn't ever want to project a little bit of innocence? Was that such a bad thing? But so few were willing to show that side, as if being vulnerable, being fresh, would somehow shred every last ounce of masculinity from a man? Her ideal man would need a bit of the wide-eyed wonder that a superhero has when he first learns he has special powers. She scrolled through her photographic memory of faces, mentally crossing off all the ones that just wouldn't do. Then, like a jack-in-the box springing to life, she shouted a victorious "yes!"

She placed the frame gently on her desk and moused over to the file she kept on her desktop from every single audition she'd ever held, clicking until she found the man she had in mind. Yes. He was every bit the boy toy. He was every cougar's dream, even though Sutton wasn't a cougar. But she'd always had a bit of a crush on him. He was adorable, and yet, had that chased-with-danger look in his eyes. She'd never regretted calling him in for any audition. He was witty, clever, and frankly, irresistible.

But the best part was she could never truly fall for him because she simply wouldn't go there with an actor. She didn't trust actors with her heart, and had never dated one for real, so she'd have a built-in safety net. They'd both simply be trying to get a job.

She hit the speaker button on her phone, stabbing it with a perfectly manicured fingernail, polished in midnight black. Sutton wasn't a woman who needed to wear fire-engine red to look sexy. Sutton was sexy. She'd been born and bred that way, with long legs, a flat belly and curves where she needed them. Her long brown hair was twisted on top of her head, and she wore her trademark black cat's eye glasses. She was twenty-eight, but she looked young for her age and that's why she wore glasses-so she'd be taken more seriously. The whole effect made her look like a sexy librarian.

As she started to dial the number, she noticed the time on her computer clock. It was noon on a Monday. Could she pull this off in one week? Time was unspooling into a messy stew. She'd have to speed it up and fast track this deal. She dialed the rest of the number, hoping her hunch was right.

Chapter Two

Reeve punched a fist in the air when he hung up with his agent. He'd scored an audition, one with a casting director he'd worked with before. He'd tried out for It's Raining Men, and had returned for a second and third callback, but lost out on a supporting role. He'd snagged a day role though, as a bartender at the strip club. The bigger roles had gone to bigger names. But now she wanted to see him, and his agent had sounded so enthusiastic that Reeve couldn't help but be fired up. Sutton Brenner, very British and very sexy, wanted to see him two hours from now.

Reeve popped up from the couch in his cardboard box-sized apartment, dropped his phone on the scratched and beaten-up wooden coffee table, and changed into one of his favorite tee-shirts, reviewing all the things he knew about Sutton Brenner as he brushed his teeth. The movies she'd cast, the shows she'd worked on. Then there were the personal details. She had a dog who was the center of her world, and Reeve was pretty sure the dog had a strange name. As he capped the toothpaste, he remembered the name.

He checked himself out in the cracked mirror on the closet door. Yep. He looked the way casting directors wanted him to look-young and dreamy, but with a bit of an edge. The kind of guy you could clean up with a short haircut, button-down shirt and pants and bring home to mom and dad, but the same guy a girl would gladly slide in behind on a motorcycle for a ride to a secluded make-out spot. Those were the roles he knew he could win. He left and headed for Sutton Brenner's Madison Avenue office. The receptionist showed him in immediately. At the end of a long hallway, Sutton stood in the doorway, one hand on the door, the other on her waist, looking like a tall drink of woman.

If he'd met her under different circumstances, say, a bar, or a club, he'd have walked straight up to her, asked her name, bought her a drink, and then charmed her. She'd have been an even match, giving it good with quips and witticisms that made her sound even smarter and savvier with her oh-so-proper British accent. She'd have done that hair flip thing, all the more alluring with her long, thick brown hair, then hooked him in with those cool blue eyes. Then he'd have hailed a cab for her, and given her a long, slow, lingering kiss by the curb that would have melted her from the inside out. She'd have said, "Come home with me." He'd have done just that and discovered whether she wore thigh-high stockings as he always suspected. He'd have peeled them off her long, lean legs-peeled them off with his teeth.

But he needed to focus on business, on work, on playing whatever part she required for him, and he was sure none of those included removing her stockings, so he cleared her curves from his thoughts.

"Come in, Reeve," she said, and closed the door behind them. She gestured to her couch. He sat down, doing his best to project coolness and confidence. Whatever Sutton was casting, Reeve was sure those were vital character traits.

She sat next to him. That was odd. Most casting directors sat across from actors, but she moved so near he couldn't help but notice that she did indeed wear thigh-high stockings, the lace edges peeking out from below the hemline of a short black skirt that could have been painted on her. She had on a white blouse, and one or two buttons were undone. Her hair was pinned up and her sexy glasses made him think "hot-for-teacher."

"Good to see you again, Ms. Brenner."

She laughed lightly. "Do call me Sutton, please."

He flashed a crooked smile. "Sutton it is then. How's your dog? The Artful Dodger, right?"

Sutton grinned brightly. "You remember."

"Little chihuahua-mini pin, right?"

"He is absolutely the love of my life. He's such a darling."

"What does he do when you're at work?"

"Why, he goes to dog day care, of course," she said, playfully. Then she laid a hand on Reeve's thigh. "As if I would leave my darling alone."

"Dogs rock. They're just the best creatures ever, aren't they?"

Sutton beamed at Reeve, and squeezed his thigh. "I am so glad I called you."

This might work out better than she planned. Reeve was her type physically, he liked movies, and he liked dogs. He was the perfect pretend boyfriend. Not to mention, she rather enjoyed the feel of his thigh beneath her palm. His legs were strong and muscular, and his jeans were the best kind of tight. He worked out, but he didn't work out too much, and that was vital.

Perfect-she was attracted enough to pull this off. But she'd keep up her barriers so it would be all business. "Reeve, I have a part for you. It's a bit unconventional, and it's sort of a live theater type of role."

"Can't wait to hear about it," he said and Sutton admired his voice. It was silky and melodic, the kind of voice that could sell you anything.

"It's also a part that's, how shall we say, off the books? Sort of a secret deal."

"Secrets make everything better," he said, with a playful wink. He waited for her to say more.

"Reeve, you know I've always found you incredibly attractive."

"Oh yeah?"

She bit the bullet. She wasn't one to dance around propositions or offers. "That's why I want you to pretend to be my boyfriend for a week."

He laughed, sounding shocked. "Why?"

"I have an opportunity to land a job I want badly, and it seems the producers were under the mistaken impression that I recently got engaged. Because, you know, Sutton McKenna..." she said, and made a rolling gesture with her hand. Reeve surely knew the other Sutton. She was one of the few theater actors with enough star wattage to open a Broadway show on her own.

He nodded, and snapped a finger. "Ah, Sutton McKenna. She was in 'Oklahoma' last year, and she recently got hitched to her manager I heard."

"Right. Exactly. And that's the thing. The producers fancy themselves as being a bit of a family-centric company, so when they congratulated me on my 'engagement' and seemed so delighted with it too, well, I decided I should just go along with it."

Reeve smiled and shook his head in an admiring sort of way. "Clever."

"I'll be clever if I can pull it off. And that's why I called you. I want you to take on the role of my fiance for a week."

"So this is the acting job you called me in for?"

"I'll pay you."

"What's the job you're trying to get?"

"It's for the film Escorted Lives," she said. Then she watched and waited as Reeve's delicious brown eyes lit up. His lips curved into a grin. His face said everything. Every actor wanted it on this movie.

Escorted Lives was one of the bestselling books in the last few years. It started as a self-published novel and shot up the charts with its red-hot story of a woman who runs an escort service, but also has her own particular sexual peccadilloes. After one too many cheating episodes by her husband, she turns to voyeurism for her kicks and gets off watching her stable of hot young men handle the ladies they're paired with. It had been jokingly referred to as the novel the world beat off to. Every actor wanted a role in the flick; it was bound to be huge, no pun intended.

Funny that just last night, he'd told Jill he had no interest in being an escort for Upper East Side ladies. And here he was being offered something of a man-for-hire gig.

"I'm prepared to pay you $5000," Sutton said, and the thought of the money made his heart beat faster. But then he flashed back to his parents, to his dad who'd been a cop his whole life. To his mom, who taught high school English. His parents had a hard enough time accepting that he wanted to be an actor and make a go of it in New York City. But to take money for a fake boyfriend job? Fine, Sutton wasn't asking him to put out, and even if she had, he honestly wouldn't have minded. But there was something he wanted more.

"I want something besides money. I want an audition for the producers and for the director. I want a chance to get the lead role."

He watched as she took a deep breath and considered his request. It was unconventional to bypass the casting director, but then, this deal was unconventional. Besides, it wasn't every day that he landed an opportunity like this. He'd be paid in the currency he coveted most-the chance for a role in a feature film. Reeve would have liked the money, but he couldn't bring himself to take it. Besides, he planned to do everything differently from the Joss Whedon audition. He'd be natural and he'd be authentic when he tried out for Escorted Lives.

She nodded. "Reeve, I'll get you an audition for them," she said and flashed a smile, then winked. "How strange would it be if my fiance-such a fine specimen at that-didn't get an audition, right? But if for some reason I don't nab the job, I will insist on paying you."

"Fine. But you will get the job. And I will nail the audition, I promise. I won't disappoint you. Not as an actor, and not as your fake fiance," he said confidently. "So we don't really need to worry about money. We're both going to get something we want out of this. I will be your perfect pretend boyfriend."

She smiled. "I knew you were the right man for the job. We have dinner at their penthouse Friday night."

Reeve didn't mind pretending to be seeing Sutton. He'd be lying if he'd said he didn't want to unbutton a few more buttons on her shirt, and get a glimpse of those round, full br**sts. He could see a bit of cle**age exposed and it made him harder. Add in that hand on his thigh, and he was going to have to picture the entire Knicks basketball team before he could stand up. But that was all there was to this-she was hot, and that made this acting job a hell of a lot more fun.

She held out a hand for shaking. But before he could respond, she said, "That's quite daft of me. If we're going to pretend to be involved, we wouldn't just shake hands. I'd give you a long, lingering embrace."

She reached for him and began to wrap her arms around him in their first official act of pretend touching.

"Excuse me, Ms. Brenner," a voice said, booming through the speaker phone on Sutton's desk. There's a Janelle Pinkerton here to see you."

Sutton snapped back and her eyes went wide. "Bloody hell," she muttered and pressed a hand against her suddenly racing heart. Wasn't Janelle supposed to messenger the tickets over? Sutton felt as if Janelle were checking up on her, like a school marm inspecting her cursive handwriting. Then she took a breath, reminding herself that she was one step ahead of Janelle. Her pretend boyfriend-her meal ticket, so to speak-was right here next to her.

Sutton brushed a hand against her skirt and rose, walking over to the phone. "Go ahead and send her in please." Then to Reeve, "She's on the producing team. So, time to improvise."

Reeve gave her a thumbs up. Moments later, Janelle walked into the office, a thin-lipped smile on her face.

"Hello, Ms. Brenner."

"So good to see you again, Mrs. Pinkerton."

Janelle cast a glance at Reeve on the couch, then raised an eyebrow. "I didn't mean to interrupt you."

"Actually, the timing is perfect. This is my fiance," Sutton began, but then the awkward word seemed to stick in her throat. Janelle caught on, because she narrowed her eyes in a way that made Sutton nervous. Reeve stood up, took Janelle's hand and planted a kiss near her wrist.

"Such a pleasure to meet you," Reeve said to Janelle.

"And you as well. I had no idea I'd be lucky and meet you so early."

"I can't wait for Friday night," Reeve said. "Can I bring anything? I'm not a very good cook, but I will tell you this-I can bake the best the chocolate chip cookies in the world." Then he flashed a smile at Janelle, and Sutton marveled at the ease with which he slid right into his role as fictional fiance.

"Oh, I do love a good chocolate chip cookie," Janelle said, and Sutton was sure it was the first time she'd seen the woman smile. Then Janelle dipped her hand into her purse and proffered two tickets. "For the play tomorrow."

Sutton took the tickets. "Thank you," she said, but the words still came out strange and awkward-sounding. Sutton was having a harder time pulling this off than she thought. She cleared her throat and tried to come up with something else to say.

Reeve seemed to notice her discomfort, because he jumped into the conversation.

"Sut and I are totally psyched to see this play. I was telling her how much I wanted to when we were walking The Artful Dodger the other day. And now, look at this. You give us tickets. It's like serendipity," he said.

Sutton longed to breathe a deep sigh of relief. He'd not only come up with a little nickname for her, he was already speaking as if he knew her daily routine. In fact, the words felt so true, and he said them with such honesty that Sutton found herself rewinding the day, reflecting on the dog walk with Reeve that never happened.

"By the way, I'm Reeve Larkin. Love your movies. All of them," he said, and Janelle nodded once in thanks to his acknowledgement of her behind-the-scenes efforts.

"Well, I better be on my way. What are you two up to the rest of the day?" Janelle asked, then lowered her voice in a whisper. "A little session on the casting couch?"

She winked and Sutton was shocked. Janelle had seemed so conservative in the meeting earlier today, and now here she was making little innuendoes. Reeve took the bait and moved over to Sutton, draping an arm over her shoulder and pulling her close. Her skin tingled when he touched her, and to her surprise she shivered as he ran his thumb against the fabric of her shirt.

"What can I say?" Reeve said with a sheepish shrug. "Sometimes I just need to stop by and visit my woman in the middle of the day."

Janelle nodded as if she understood exactly what Reeve meant. Sutton wasn't even sure what Reeve meant, and she suddenly felt unmoored, as if Reeve and Janelle were in on something, and she-the one who'd engineered this fake engagement-were the clueless one.

"Enjoy the show," Janelle said and walked down the hallway. Janelle glanced back once and as soon as she did, Reeve moved in for a kiss. He pressed his lips lightly against Sutton's, and she was so surprised by the unexpected kiss that she jumped.

"Oh."

Sutton looked down the hall, and Janelle was gone. Thank God she hadn't seen Sutton react so weirdly to a kiss.

"You okay?" Reeve asked.

"Absolutely. Just surprised is all."

"Well, if we're going to pull this off, you might want to get used to me kissing you."

"Right. Absolutely. I should definitely get used to that," she said, but what she really needed to do was get her groove back. She was a take-charge kind of woman and needed to start steering this ship properly. If that meant getting used to kisses, so be it. If that meant reviewing the basics of their relationship so she could say the word fiance without choking on it, then she'd do that too.

She placed a hand on a hip and appraised Reeve from top to bottom. "We should review our backstory. And I think we're going to need a better outfit for you to go the theater. We do have box seats."

"What? You don't think I have nice clothes for the theater? I've been to the theater. I've auditioned for plenty of shows. I didn't just fall off the turnip truck."

"I know," she said in a decisive tone as she ran her index finger up his pecs, her way of taking back the reins. Then she lowered her voice to a faux whisper even though it was just the two of them in the hallway. "But you're mine now for a week and I want to play dress up." She looked at her watch. "I have to make some calls on this TV guest doctor role I'm casting tomorrow for Overnight Shift," she said, referring to the popular medical drama. She'd written down her list of ten potentials this morning on the cab ride over to her office. She didn't even have to look them up on her computer; she simply knew who the ten best prospects were by tapping into her mental rolodex. She never forgot a pretty face or a talent to behold. "Can you wait for me in the lobby and I'll be free in fifteen minutes to go to Elizabeth's and get you a new shirt and pants?"

He nodded, and she returned to her office and shut the door. She sank down into her chair and scrolled through her files to find the numbers of the agents she had to call. Not only did she need to get matters quickly squared away for the role of the plastic surgeon who saves the day, she needed to get her mind off the way her body felt when Reeve had touched her.

Chapter Three

On the way to the men's department at Elizabeth's, Sutton and Reeve walked past the jewelry counters. Sutton was drawn to the necklaces and bracelets. She'd always been a bit like a squirrel-taken in by shiny objects. But she didn't stop this time. Instead, she "tsk-tsked" the displays. "This store seriously needs some necklaces," she said.

"Funny. I was thinking that myself," Reeve joked.

She wagged a finger at him. "Aren't you a playful one?"

"Take me to the park and throw me a Frisbee. See how high I can jump."

"Oh, I might just take you up on that. I do like dogs."

"Want to put a leash on me too?"

"Would you like that Reeve?" Sutton asked, in her best seductive voice. If they were going to be a pretend couple, then she was going to play at innuendo.

"I find that I'm generally open to pretty much everything. Want to do it outside? I'm your man. In front of the window with the neighbors across the street watching? Totally fine with that. On the stairwell in your office building? Put up the bat signal and I'm good to go."

"Would you arrive with a cape too?" Sutton asked as they walked past glass displays with watches, gloves and scarves.

"Of course. I'm good with costumes. I could even put on a mask if you want," he remarked, moving closer to Sutton to let a woman pushing a high-end baby stroller past them. He brushed Sutton's shoulder as he leaned into her, and Sutton found herself making a mental note about how very nice his body felt against hers. Of course, it was good that she felt this way, right? It would help her win the contract. But to win the job, she also needed to make sure their backstory was airtight. This was like the prep work she'd do for any job. Whenever she pitched new producers, she was thoroughly and completely ready-she researched all their films or shows, watched everything they made, and studied up on interesting personal details, like whether they liked to collect sports cars or rare LPs.

"Lovely. I'll keep the mask issue in mind. Now, let's go over the details so everything is ironclad. I think we go with the truth as to how we met. We met when I cast you in a day part for It's Raining Men. She already knows your name since you met her already."

"Damn. I was really hoping to be a Sven."

Sutton laughed and raised an eyebrow. "Sven?"

"Okay, so I'm Reeve Larkin from Ohio. My dad's a cop. My mom's a teacher. I went to Ohio State."

Sutton rolled her eyes. "Please say you're kidding."

"What's wrong with that?"

"It's right out of central casting, Reeve! Cop dad and teacher mom? You're the too-good-to-be-true boy from Middle America who went to the hometown college to boot."

"It's the truth, though. Studied American Lit for my major."

"Okay, fine. And we started dating shortly after the premiere of It's Raining Men six months ago."

"Ah, so it all started up in May. I remember that. You looked so hot at the premiere in that slinky black dress."

Sutton stopped walking and placed a hand on Reeve's arm. "You remember what I wore?"

"You're gorgeous. You cast me in a movie. Yes, I remember."

Sutton pressed her teeth against her lower lip for just a second, fighting to ignore the feeling that swept through her. As if he'd tapped into something with his remark.

"So we went out the next night," she said, continuing the fable of their love affair.

"To Italian," he added. "Because that's my favorite. What's your favorite food?"

"Fish and chips."

"Funny, doesn't show." He eyed her from head to toe.

"I walk my dog an hour a day."

"That's one lucky dog."

"He deserves only the best. I need to buy him a new jacket though. It's getting colder," she said, remembering how The Artful Dodger had shivered on their morning power-walk in Central Park. Poor little love. Last year's fleece jacket was a bit worn. He needed a new one very soon. "I also do yoga and pilates."

"Of course. What's your favorite book? Wait. It has to be Oliver Twist. Because of your dog."

She flashed him another grin, impressed that he'd connected the dots between her dog's name and the fictional character he was named for. "You are a bright one."

"Well, I'd be an idiot if I hadn't figured that out. Is he a pickpocket, your dog?"

"Nope. Trained him out of it. Your favorite book?"

"Toss up between Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas or The Great Gatsby."

"Favorite movie?"

"Anything you've cast," he said with a wink.

"Oh, we are a perfect pair. That's my favorite movie too."

"Okay, when are we moving in together?"

"After the wedding. I have to protect my virtue, of course."

"Right. Virtue. On the subject of virtue, what's your favorite position?" Reeve asked as they walked past high-heeled shoes.

Sutton stopped. "Excuse me?"

"Well, I'm not buying the protecting-the-virtue thing. I doubt they will either. So, what is it?"

"I highly doubt that will come up at dinner. Besides, our deal was for pretend. So I don't think we need to go there."

"No. We don't need to go there. But yet, that Janelle..." he let his voice trail off.

"What do you mean? That Janelle?"

"I don't know, but her little casting couch comment made me think she's not quite as conservative as she pretends to be."

"And because of that we need to prepare a briefing doc on our fictional sex life?" She raised an eyebrow, daring him to keep going.

He didn't answer right away. Instead, he swept a strand of her soft brown hair away from her ear, and asked in a low, sexy voice, "What could it hurt for me to know how you like it, Sutton?"

Oh, he was good. He was very, very good, because she felt that swooping feeling in her belly. But she wasn't going to be rattled by it. She was going to play along too. Sutton took a step closer to Reeve, giving him a look as if he were a naughty boy. "Doggie style," she whispered, then watched him closely. His chest rose and fell, and he pressed his lips together, as if he were trying to hold back a word, or maybe even a moan? Perhaps he was even picturing her naked on king-size bed, on all fours as he trailed a hand down her back. Good. They'd be all the more believable then as a couple. "What's yours, Reeve?"

He locked eyes with her and she felt goosebumps on her arms. Then, he dipped in closer, his mouth inches away. "The one you like best. That's my favorite. My favorite thing is making you feel good."

She drew in a sharp breath, then clamped her lips closed. But it was too late. A fuse had lit inside her. Deep in her belly, sending heat throughout her body, sending warmth to between her legs. Then she reminded herself-he was an actor, he was playing the role she'd cast him in, and he was going to win an award, because the way he'd said making you feel good seemed so true and authentic. As if he meant it. As if Reeve really had made her feel all those things in the bedroom.

"We better get moving." She led him to the men's section, choosing several high-end dress shirts for him, sharp pants, and a few neat ties. She was grateful to segue away from the sex talk and onto the safer terrain of wardrobe.

"This shirt is perfect for your eyes." She held a green button-down against him.

"I feel like Julia Roberts," he joked.

"Cue the shopping scene montage." This was better, she thought. Keep it light, keep it simple.

"May I help you with that?"

The question came from a dressing room attendant. Reeve nodded, and the cute, perky gal took the potential purchases and showed him a dressing room. Sutton sat on the leather couch in the nearby waiting area and took out her phone. She fired off a few quick replies to agents asking questions about tomorrow's plastic surgeon audition-Were there pages? Yes, already attached. How should the actors dress? In scrubs. Clean shaven look or stubble? Stubble, but of course-all the while picturing Reeve pulling off his tee-shirt, standing there alone in the dressing room, shirtless, only jeans on.

Damn. He made it hard to concentrate. She took off her glasses and pressed on the bridge of her nose as if she could push away all the thoughts of him.

The attendant walked by. "If you want to go in and help your boyfriend choose a shirt, it's totally fine with me."

Apparently, Reeve had the same idea, because Sutton heard him call out to her. "Hey, Sut. I could use a little help."

A boyfriend would definitely want to show potential purchases to his girlfriend, Reeve reasoned. This was part of the role, and he had to play it well. To impress her. But there was something else going on too. He'd thought he was playing her, but the way she talked about favorite positions, all smoky and breathy, it was like a rush of blood to the head. Now, he was picturing her, naked on a big king-size bed, on all fours, him trailing a hand down her gorgeous back.

So if they were playing pretend, he was going to enjoy it. He opened the door a bit, and watched her walk toward him. She had a hell of a body, a true hourglass shape, with a waist you just had to get your hands on. He could picture her on top of him, his strong fingers wrapping around her waist. Or she could be pressed against the wall, that fabulous sculpted ass of hers jutting out, and he could hold her that way.

His eyes drank her in as she gave a perfunctory rap of the knuckles on the open door.

"Funny. I thought you had clothes to show me." She slid inside the dressing room. She tapped her fingertip against his naked chest. "Did you need me to help get your shirt on?"

"On. Off. Whatever you want." He closed the door behind them.

"I think we were going for on, weren't we?" she asked, sounding the tiniest bit breathy. Sutton couldn't stop looking at him, Reeve noticed. She was damn near gaping at his chest and his abs. He worked out a lot. He had to look good for his job. No, he had to look a hell of a lot better than good.

"Okay. Let's try this green one." He started to reach for a shirt. She stopped him.

"You have a tattoo." She pointed to the swirling calligraphy that lined one side of Reeve, from his hip bone up to his arm.

"You've seen my tattoo. If memory serves, you required shirts off for It's Raining Men."

"I know," she started, but her voice was shaky. "I just haven't seen it this close."

"Want to touch?"

She nodded, and reached out a hand, as if she were mesmerized, as if she were lured in by some uncontrollable force toward his skin, his muscles, his body. She started at the hip bone, one fingertip making contact. She glanced up, and Reeve drew in a breath. In this moment, he wasn't acting; he wasn't playing as she trailed a finger up his taut, lean body. Everything about her touch made him buzz. He wanted to grab her and do everything, but he let himself give into the moment, to the way she seemed so drawn to the marks he'd made on his body.

"They look like very fancy Hs. Three Hs."

"They are. For the three most important things in the world."

"And those are?"

"Health. Happiness. And hope."

She gave him a quick smile. "Yes. I agree." Then she traced her fingertip from his chest down to his waist as if she were painting his skin. Her touch was as soft as a butterfly, but it was full of fire, and he liked it. He needed to make sure she liked being touched too, so their relationship was believable.

"You're doing better now. More natural."

She tilted her head as if to ask what he meant.

"You were all weird and awkward when I kissed you at your office," he added.

"I'm sorry. I was just surprised."

"I know. But we need to make sure you don't jump the next time I kiss you."

"We do?"

"Well that would give it away, wouldn't it? You need to get used to being kissed by me."

"Okay," she said with a business-like nod.

"That means we need to practice."

"Practice kiss," she said slowly, then nodded quickly. "Right. Of course. Like actors. Like a stage kiss."

She sounded chipper and cheery, as if she were trying to convince herself. She seemed to need the convincing, so he went along with it. "Think of this as a dress rehearsal. We're prepping for the big kiss scene that makes the audience swoon and totally believe we're in love. Got it?"

She nodded.

"Ready?"

"Right here in the dressing room?"

"What better place to rehearse a kiss than a dressing room?"

"Totally. Absolutely. Definitely."

Reeve wondered how many more adverbs she'd need to utter before he kissed her. Perhaps they were a sort of liquid courage. Either way, he knew he had to lead. He suspected he had more experience with stage kisses.

So he looked at her, as if she were the woman he'd been dying to kiss for years. She was his leading lady, she was the only woman he wanted. She returned his gaze, and then it was as if a flame burst. Reeve pictured her ravenous and greedy, wanting to be consumed with kisses. Her lips were parted slightly, and her breathing had become...lustful. Maybe she was acting too. In that moment, he didn't care. He wanted to taste her lips, he wanted to feel more of her beautiful body. There was something about her, maybe it was the age difference, her twenty-eight to his twenty-four, maybe it was the power play. But there was no time for analysis because his head was turning cloudy with a need he hadn't had before. He wanted to do things to this woman. He wanted to make her feel the way a good boyfriend would-desired, wanted, craved. She deserved all that. He could give it to her now. He could give it to her for a week.

"You look like you want something," he whispered.

She didn't answer. She just licked her lips once. That was enough of an answer. That was all he needed. He moved behind her, brushed a strand of hair away from her neck, and pressed his naked chest against her back. He watched her in the mirror as she closed her eyes and sighed into him.

He started with her neck, pressing his lips gently against her skin. She smelled like some kind of shampoo, jasmine maybe, and she moaned the moment he touched her. It was like a chemical reaction, the two of them. They had that kind of physical attraction that smacks you hard, and turns you inside out in a second. Instant and electric, and you feel like you can set the world on fire. They could have known each other for years or been two strangers who met on a train-- their bodies were magnets for each other. With the softest of flutters, he kissed her neck, barely touching her, but touching her enough to make her move, to make her shift her hips against him. He ran his hands down her back, resting his strong palms on her waist, and she gasped. He worked his way to her ear, nibbling the earlobe, then kissing her jawline as she said his name in a low voice that gave all her desires away. "Reeve."

Her voice was needy, full of want, and he grabbed hold of those hips and pulled them against him, so she could feel how hard he was through his jeans. She slid around, taking hold of his waist and bringing him close. He zeroed in on her red lips, first tasting the waxy flavor of red lipstick, then her mouth, tangling his tongue with hers, crushing her lips in a way he was sure the audience would love, even though this kiss was only for her. She was amped up. He could tell by how she wriggled against him and pulled him closer. He was all about obliging this woman, so he responded, with a deeper and harder kiss. She was such an alpha woman in the workplace-all take-charge and full-speed-ahead. But here, in his arms, she was different. She seemed vulnerable, but maybe that was just because she was damn near quivering under his touch. As if she were letting down her guard. She was the sexy librarian unpinning her hair and taking off her glasses for him.

He longed to slide a hand between her legs, feel her panties, and see if she was as wet for him as he hoped she would be. But somehow that would be going too far. So he let himself exist in the heat of the kiss in the dressing room.

"Reeve," she said, her voice thick with lust, and topped with a dollop of nerves.

"What is it, Sutton?"

"I-"

But she was cut off by a voice outside the dressing room. "How is it going in there? Are you finding anything to your liking?"

Reeve cleared his throat. "Yes. Everything is to my liking."

The attendant walked away, and Reeve and Sutton stood, stupid and awkward, as if they'd been caught red-handed.

"So," he said, drawing the word out as she brushed her hands against her skirt, looking everywhere but at him. "I guess that might seem a bit more believable now in case we have to kiss in front of anyone."

"Yes. I think that might fit the bill."

He reached for her chin, softly raising her face so she had to meet his eyes. "See. Rehearsals are fun."

"Indeed," she said, and shot him a smile that he recognized as the one she gave every actor after every audition. Fine, they needed to get back to business.

"I suppose I should figure out what I'm going to wear tomorrow," Reeve said. Maybe the attendant's visit was the reminder he needed too-this was a job, and he shouldn't f**k it up by feeling too much.

Sutton shifted gears, back to that sassy, in-control businesswoman. She swatted Reeve on the butt. "Okay, darling. Let's get you in some clothes. Any pretend boyfriend of mine better look totally fetching for the theater."

Reeve nodded, and slid his strong arms into a crisp button-down, modeling the shirt for Sutton. She curled up her lips, narrowed her eyes and nodded approvingly. He tried on a few more and she ticked each one off as a yes too.

"Lucky me. Who knew I was going to get a whole new wardrobe as a dashing, debonair man as part of this gig?"

"Isn't that one of the great benefits of being an actor? You often get to take home the costumes."

Chapter Four

Sutton applied mascara, the finishing touch for tonight. She'd always believed that it was the vitamin of make-up, the most essential one, and one should never leave the house without it.

"Right, my lovely Artful Dodger. You agree, don't you?"

Sutton stroked her chihuahua-mini-pin between the ears and he looked up at her lovingly with those big wet eyes that always melted her. "Oh, you are my sweet, aren't you?"

The Artful Dodger was sitting on the vanity in her bathroom, as he often did. He had bathroom counter privileges, but only when Sutton was applying makeup. She put the mascara wand away, brushed one hand against the other, and declared, "That's that."

Then she scooped up her nine-pound fur baby, brought him to her bedroom and deposited him gently on the burnished gold comforter.

She was ready for her first pretend date with Reeve at the theater. She was wearing a slinky gray dress that hugged her hips, knee-high black boots, and a silky red wrap thrown over her shoulders. She had the tickets in a small clutch purse, and as she grabbed the purse from the bed, she found her mind wandering back to the dressing room yesterday. Reeve kissed like he was made for kissing her, as if he'd been custom-designed by the gods of kissing to touch her lips, and taste her mouth, and drown her in kisses as she'd always wanted.

He'd seemed to want it too. He seemed to radiate hunger for her, like it was coming off him in waves. But yet, that was the point. That's what she'd hired him for. She'd enlisted him to play a part, and he was playing it so well, she'd very nearly believed in the performance-that the kiss was legit.

She shook her head and bent down to kiss her dog on his soft brown fur. "I know you'll always be here for me, my love."

She had her dog; she needn't worry about messy things like a bloom of feelings for a pretend boyfriend. The Artful Dodger licked her hand once, and curled into a tighter dogball.

Sutton was surprised to see Janelle and her husband at the theater. She'd thought Janelle had some sort of charity event to attend instead. But here she was, her hair slicked back in that tight-as-a-ballerina-bun and a stern look on her face as she kept her eyes on Frederick. Janelle rose and extended a hand to Sutton, while Frederick followed suit. Perhaps he had his puppet strings attached to her hand.

"It turned out we were able to make it tonight after all," Janelle said, then flashed a smile that seemed fake, before giving Sutton air kisses on each cheek. "The charity event is tomorrow. I had the wrong date. And what a pleasure to see Mr. Larkin again. Reeve, please meet my husband."

Reeve shook hands with Frederick and they exchanged hellos. Sutton wondered if Reeve was nervous meeting a producer who possessed the power to make or break an actor's career, but he didn't seem to exhibit an ounce of nerves because Reeve segued quickly into discussing golf, and Sutton couldn't help but be impressed. She'd had no idea that Reeve too had researched the producers, but he was conversing now with Frederick on the best type of golf swing.

"Looks like they're old chums," Sutton said to Janelle with a smile. But the dark-haired woman barely cracked a grin. She seemed distracted, so Sutton followed Janelle's gaze to a pretty usher seating other nearby theatergoers. Then to Frederick, who was checking out the usher's trim little body. Ah, perhaps Janelle was worried that Frederick's wandering eye might lead him astray during the play? Sutton's question was answered when Janelle moved her hand to Frederick's cheek, forcing him to look at her.

Frederick lowered his gaze, as if he were caught nicking food off the stove before it was served. He stopped chatting about golf, and Janelle said nothing as she stared harshly at her husband. Thrown off by the awkward maw in the conversation, Sutton wasn't quite sure how to pick up the thread of casual banter again. Her mind raced through other details of the Pinkertons-they had a Siamese cat named Archibald. Perhaps, she should chat about pets?

But before she could toss out a line about cats and dogs, Reeve spoke. "Did you guys get a chance to see Phillip Seymour Hoffman at the Eugene O'Neill theater last week? He was as amazing as the critics say."

Janelle relinquished her sharp-eyed stare and turned to Reeve. "Frankly, I don't often care for big movie stars in Broadway plays. But he is the exception. A rare breed who can handle theater and film."

Reeve nodded thoughtfully. "I hear ya. It can be a little distracting with movie stars, but then, he's one of of a kind. What about you, Mr. Pinkerton? What else have you been to?"

They all chatted for a few minutes about the theater, and Sutton was relieved that Frederick's wayward glance hadn't unraveled the night for any of them.

"And what do you do, Reeve? Forgive me for not asking when we first met yesterday," Janelle said.

"I'm an actor," he said, with a touch of pride in his voice, Sutton noted.

"How marvelous," Mr. Pinkerton chimed in. "And how did you two meet?"

Even though they'd prepped for this line of questioning, Sutton suddenly felt a jangly mess of nerves course through her. Was Janelle onto her? Was that why she was here? To check up on the engagement?

"On the job," Reeve answered. "Sut cast me in It's Raining Men, and the day we wrapped my bit part, I asked her out. I couldn't resist. She was smart and she was beautiful and that was all it took. I've only had eyes for her since then."

Reeve looked at Sutton, his brown eyes were so warm and true-they seemed to project all the things he was saying, as if he really were feeling them.

"And now the wedding is when?"

Sutton's boardroom confidence fell away as Janelle glared at her. It was as if Janelle knew Sutton had proffered a lie and was trying to catch her. Sutton's mouth went dry as she tried to open her lips to speak. She couldn't read Janelle-one minute the woman was generous and warm, the next she was the ice queen.

Reeve jumped in, clasping Sutton's hand tightly with his.

"May. One year after we met. I was ready to elope, but she insisted we have a real wedding, and we were lucky enough to get the sculpture garden at MoMA reserved. A late Sunday afternoon was all they had, but heck, I'll take it, right?"

Reeve flashed a what-can-you-do kind of smile, and Janelle's features seemed to soften. Reeve was good. He knew how to play this woman. He knew how to spin fables on the spot, especially because he now had Janelle eating out of his palm. Soon, the tightly-wound hawk of a producer's wife was chattering about MoMA and her favorite artists and Reeve was saying something about an Edward Hopper painting, and Frederick was looking only at his wife, and Janelle was beaming, and Sutton felt like she could breathe again.

This man-this young, delicious man-was saving the day. She looked up at Reeve, he was easily a good six inches taller, and she felt a rush of affection for him, a surge of gratitude. Impulsively, she stretched to give him a quick kiss on the cheek. He looked at her, and shot a quick smile. She thought she might have even seen him blush.

He gestured to the seats, letting the ladies sit first. He sat between them, with Frederick by Janelle's side. Then Sutton felt Reeve's warm hand and glanced down to see him loop his long, strong fingers through hers and squeeze. It was tender and comforting, and it was exactly what she needed. As if he'd sensed the way she'd forgotten her lines earlier. She leaned into him, resting her head on his shoulder. That was odd. Sutton was never the cuddly type, except when it came to her darling dog.

Soon, the lights dimmed, the curtain rose, and the play began. Sutton sat up straight and focused on the stage, but Reeve kept his fingers linked through hers. As the characters argued about who'd forgotten to do the laundry on time, Reeve began stroking the inside of her palm with his thumb. Light, fluid lines. From her wrist to the edge of her fingers.

It was soft, and it was sweet, and most of all, it was caring. She closed her eyes, giving into the way his touch felt. It was a caress, it was a promise. He drew soft little zig zags across her palm, lazy lines that told stories of the two of them, of the things they'd done, the times they'd had, the love they'd shared. Or so it felt as he crept casually past her barriers, his touch making her believe in the fiction of them. Soon, his fingers were tracing the inside of her wrist, then the soft skin on her arm, and then, as all the words spoken from on stage became a distant faraway sound to her, he moved closer, planting a tender, soft kiss on her jawline.

As Reeve pressed his lips on Sutton, he couldn't help but notice Janelle sneaking peeks at them, all while her husband focused on the stage as if it pained him to look anyplace else. Why was she watching them now? To appraise their relationship or for some other reason? Well, Reeve wasn't going to let a high-strung lady like her win. He and Sutton were winning this game, they were landing the gig, and he was going to do whatever it took to make sure there was no question they were together. Of course, he didn't mind kissing Sutton. He didn't mind touching her. He was a guy, and she was hot, and that was that. Do the math. Two plus two equals...Wait...Reeve heard a slight swishing of clothes behind them, and Frederick glanced quickly over his shoulder. The cute little usher from earlier had just walked behind them.

Janelle gave her husband a sharp stare that Reeve was sure translated into "Don't you dare."

Frederick muttered something under his breath that sounded a lot like "...help me out now and then..."

Reeve chuckled silently. He'd heard the rumors about Frederick's multiple faux pas. But had Janelle cut him off?

Frederick sneezed, then coughed, then cleared his throat in rapid succession. As someone who'd been trained to do those three things on cue-sometimes, an actor had to sneeze, cough, or clear his throat-Reeve could tell Frederick was faking it. The man rose, muttered an embarrassed "excuse me" and exited the box.

Janelle whipped her head around and watched her husband disappear down the hallway. She narrowed her eyes, and her expression said she might start breathing fire.

What was up between the two of them?

But Reeve needed to focus on his role, and he was playing it to the hilt. So he layered another kiss below Sutton's earlobe, hearing the breathiest little whisper escape her throat. There was nothing fake about that sound, and Reeve forgot about the Pinkertons and their strange habits, as he found himself drawn back to Sutton's neck, brushing her with another kiss.

As Sutton moved the slightest bit closer, Janelle grabbed her purse and leaned over to whisper in a forced, happy voice that barely hid the anger beneath, "Looking forward to Friday night."

Then she was gone.

Sutton opened her eyes. "What was that about? They both left?" she asked in a low voice.

He shrugged. "Guess they didn't care for the play," he said, but he suspected Janelle was making sure Frederick wasn't chasing a hot young usher into a broom closet for a quickie.

"I suppose not."

Sutton looked at the stage, as if she were enrapt in the acting, and Reeve could have gone back to watching the play. But he'd lost track of whatever the characters were up in arms about, and he didn't really care in the first place. He was much more interested in this woman beside him, in the way she seemed to respond to his touch. He hadn't expected it, but he sure as hell liked the way she seemed to want his hands on her, from the kiss in the dressing room, to now here in the theater.

As far as he could tell, there was no reason for him to stop touching Sutton. They were both having a good time, and there was nothing wrong with that.

He brushed a long strand of her hair from her ear. She shivered, and he loved the way the littlest thing elicited a reaction from her. He bet she was a tiger in bed, clawing and moaning, and screaming his name. Damn, he was even more aroused now, picturing the way she must make love, with a sort of fearless abandon. "Do you like the play?"

She swallowed and nodded once. "Very much so."

He glanced back at the entrance to the box seats. The Pinkertons seemed long gone, there weren't any other ushers nearby, and the closest patrons were in the next box over, a low wall between them. So he went for it. He placed one hand on her opposite cheek and shifted her face toward him, then moved his other hand to her thigh. She looked at him, and even in the dark of the theater, he could read those blue eyes, he could tell they were trying so hard to resist, but yet not wanting to resist in the least. Hell, he didn't either. He moved his thumb along her cheek, tracing a line to her lips. Then over her lower lip, and she nipped playfully at the pad of his thumb. He smiled in the dark, as he outlined her mouth, then moved down to her neck, as if he were imprinting the feel of her throat, the heat from her skin, the way her body seemed to pulse toward him with every touch. She practically radiated the words kiss me and so he took the liberty to do just that. It was the barest of kisses, the kind that signals the beginning of something.

As he savored the cherry taste of her mouth, he played with the top of her stockings, slipping a finger along the band that held them in place. Sutton seemed to like him there. She opened her legs the smallest amount, an invitation to explore. He splayed his hand across the top of her thigh, being careful to make sure her dress covered his hand. She bit down on her lip as he inched higher. Another cue. Another sign. He moved closer, sliding his fingers to her panties and pressing against her. There. Between her legs. Where she was already damp beyond words. You couldn't fake that kind of arousal.

"Can I touch you?" he whispered.

"Please do," she said, and Reeve knew she was aching too, burning with the need to be touched, to feel some kind of release. He slipped his hand into her underwear, and she groaned under her breath, leaning her head back in the chair. As he stroked her, he imagined her spread out across the chair, arms thrown back, neck long and inviting, legs wide open as he tasted her. God, he wanted to bury his mouth between her thighs, to smell her, inhale her, run a tongue across all that wetness. He wanted to breathe her in, and kiss her deeply. She was a feast of a woman; the slightest touch seemed to turn her on, as if she was ready to go at any moment, a live wire, just needing the combustion to set her off.

"I totally want my tongue between your legs right now," he whispered in a low and husky voice that belied his own reckless thirst for her.

"I want that too," she managed to say as he stroked her, his fingers moving up and down all that glorious wetness. She was trying so hard to be still, to be quiet, as she moved her hips in the smallest of ways, not enough for others to see, but enough for Reeve to know how much she wanted him. He pressed a palm against her, and she let a little moan escape. Then she clasped her hand over her mouth to muffle her noises as he worked her. She was rocking back against his hand, and she was so soft and silky wet, and her little breaths were coming faster, and she spread her legs another inch or so, and damn, this woman was all fire and heat. He was going to make her come in a Broadway theater, and he knew in this instant that she was so deep in the throes of passion that she didn't care anymore if anyone saw or anyone heard. She was so far gone into the crest of the orgasm he was about to give her. He wanted to slam into her, to enter her and feel that wetness wrap around him. But for now, he was thrilled to feel her arch against his hand, once, twice, three times. She inhaled sharply, and took several quick deep breaths as she came in his hand.

Gently, carefully, he moved her hand from her mouth, and kissed her, just as softly and just as tenderly as he'd had when he started. Then the curtain fell and it was time for intermission.

Chapter Five

Sutton lay wide awake in bed, ashamed. The Artful Dodger was burrowed deep under the covers, curled up at her feet where he slept every night. She stared at the red numbers-3:01 a.m.-reflected on her ceiling from her digital clock. She berated herself quietly. Why had she let things go so far? How out-of-control stupid was she to let Reeve get her off in the theater? My god, she was a professional and a business woman. Fine, she might be known for her taste in man candy, but still. That was about her eye for talent. Not about some sex-crazed insatiable need to be touched at all costs. What would be next? Would she start diddling herself on the subway? Rubbing one out in the ladies room at her office? She flipped onto her stomach, embarrassed at the thoughts. Sutton loved sex, and she loved men, but she also cherished control. She was much more apt to make the first move, to be the first one to unzip the guy's pants, to take him in her mouth, to bring him to orgasm, than the other way around.

She loved the smell of a man, she loved stubble, she loved that they have stubble, that they can grow it and that they can shave it, she loved how kissing a man was a perfect mix of soft and hard, she loved the smell of soap on a guy's neck, the cut of a firm belly, the feeling of strong arms. But she also loved taking charge, setting the mood, being the first to go below the belt.

Because once she let someone touch her and bring her to that rapturous place of blissful release, she was hooked. She fell quickly, and Reeve was so very fall-able. He tied her in knots. He was beautiful and dreamy-looking, with those soulful eyes that looked as if they'd seen the world even though he was only twenty-four and had probably merely seen New York City and Ohio. And his hands, the way he touched her was as if she'd given him the secret code to her body, the right numbers and the proper combination, and he'd unlocked them. But there was more. She felt her heart lunge toward him when he'd saved her back in her office, and then again in the theater with his easy chatter and confident charm. Before he'd even touched her arm, or kissed her jaw, or slid a hand inside her panties. He'd stepped in and handled the Pinkertons. He'd said the right things and he'd said them with ease, as if they truly were boyfriend-girlfriend. That was the problem. Sutton had very nearly started to believe the fake relationship that she'd engineered.

She could see herself with him, dating him, going out to dinner and a movie, each of them playing casting director-in-hindsight, offering opinions on who would really have been best for each part in each flick they saw. Other times, they'd walk her dog in the evenings, picking up a bottle of wine on the way home, enjoying it on her couch as they talked and touched each other all night long, waking up together in the morning.

But that wasn't their reality, so why would he have made her come after Janelle left? There was no need to keep up the show when no one was watching. So why? Sutton noodled on possibilities then landed on one. He was probably a Method actor. He was playing the part, staying in the role even when off-stage. She was acting too, she reminded herself. She was totally in character as well. Besides, she'd never fall for an actor, so everything was fine. She reached down in the covers and gently scooped up her sleeping dog, tucking him tightly in her arms.

The hot water beat down hard on Reeve's body. But it did nothing to turn off his thoughts. Sutton was confusing the hell out of him. After the play, she was her usual sparkly, sassy, playful self. But not once did she say anything about what went down in the box seats. Not that he wanted a blue ribbon pinned on his chest, or a gold star in his homework book for being a good boy. But a soft whisper in his ear would have been nice. An acknowledgement that he'd turned her inside out. But she acted as if nothing had happened, and so he'd followed her lead, and they'd chatted about the play, then other plays, then books. She quizzed him endlessly on why he liked Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas so much and he soon ran out of answers. He just liked it, okay? It was the first time he'd felt flustered and put-on-the-spot. With Janelle, it was easy to make shit up. With Sutton, he felt as if he were being grilled, and he didn't know why. Then she hailed a cab, opened the door, and sent him on his way with a quick kiss on the cheek. She leaned into the taxi driver's window and gave the dude a twenty and waved a too-cheery goodbye.

What the hell was that?

She was treating him like a guy treats a girl he doesn't want to see again. Thanks, here's a cab, now get out of my face.

He didn't like that. He didn't want the brush-off. He wanted to be seen again, called again, texted again. He wanted a second date with her, dammit.

Except it wasn't a real date.

But even with her hot-and-cold routine, he couldn't stop thinking of the way she wriggled in that chair, how she'd spread her legs without a second thought, how she'd done everything to stifle the scream of his name when he brought her to release. God, he wanted to do that to her again. She was so receptive, so willing, so damn eager to be touched. He loved the way she responded to him, the way she became a different Sutton when he touched her. That's what he thought of, as he pressed one palm against the tiles, leaning into the hot stream, his other hand bringing him all the way back to her, her legs, her smell, her taste, the way he imagined she'd moan and writhe and shout when they were all alone in a bedroom somewhere.

He wanted that wild abandon of Sutton Brenner underneath him in real life, but the mere image was enough for now to finish himself off.

Chapter Six

Sutton wrapped up her latest round of calls to agents, requesting callbacks for a part in a TV show. Given her reputation, she'd received a special offer from a premium cable network for one of its racier shows about a cadre of Los Angeles party girls who travel to New York City for a bachelorette weekend. Naturally, the girls go to an invite-only strip club for its "Parade of Firemen" night, and Sutton was tasked with finding the five best "firemen" in New York City. She'd known instantly who to bring in, but then she always liked to give new blood a chance too, so she'd spent one afternoon last week hunting through photos, watching reels, and calling the top agents for their input on a few rising stars to include in the mix. The result had been a visual fiesta at the audition, and though the whole crew had been top-notch, she'd picked the best of the bunch for a second look. The agents she called squeed and oohed and ahhed and this was one of Sutton's favorite parts of the job. Delivering good news. She could either be Santa bringing coal, or Santa bringing gifts, and she'd much rather get to play the part of good Santa delivering a big, heavy bag of opportunity to hungry actors.

"Great. So the producers will be looking forward to seeing Joe tomorrow afternoon," Sutton said brightly, then hung up the phone. She was about to call one more agent when her cell rang. She felt that tightness in her chest-the cocktail of nerves and hope-as she wished it were Reeve. Why did she want to hear from her fake fiance ?

But the number was private.

"Sutton Brenner here."

"Good afternoon, Sutton. This is Janelle."

The hopes flew away. The nerves took deeper root. She sat up straight in her chair. "Good afternoon, Janelle. How are you?"

"Did you enjoy the play?"

"Yes. It was fabulous. The seats were amazing. Thank you so much. Was everything okay? I know you had to leave early."

"Oh, I managed to see enough of what I liked," she said, and there was was something oddly illicit in the way Janelle answered the question.

Sutton furrowed her brow. "Oh, well that's good." She wasn't sure what Janelle was getting at. Had she seen Reeve get her off? Oh god. Was she that much of a conservative bird too? First, she wanted a family atmosphere at the company. Now, she probably wanted Sutton to be a virgin before her wedding.

"In any case, I was calling about something else. We are so close to making a decision on this film, and I know one of the things that's been hard for us to determine is where exactly the best location would be in the library for-well, you know."

Right. The library scene. Sutton knew the library scene well. Hell, the world knew the library scene. It was like the elevator scene in another famous book. In Escorted Lives, the woman who falls for her escort takes him to the New York City Public Library to show him a rare old book that she wishes she could have for her collection. While at the library, they find a quiet nook and he makes love to her in the stacks.

Normally, casting directors don't play any part in scouting locations. They are the first line of defense in recruiting on-camera talent, but the job ends there, so it was odd for Janelle to bring up location work with Sutton.

"Oh. Has it?" Sutton asked to keep the conversation going.

Janelle sighed heavily, as if this issue had been weighing on her. "It is. I went to the library myself, but I can't find a place that's just right. And I know you have such a good eye for talent that I thought you might have an eye for this as well."

"Okay," Sutton said carefully. She felt as if she were being tested in a new way. There was no deal yet, but she was being asked to jump through yet another hoop. "Do you want me to go with you?"

"Oh no. I was just thinking maybe you could go today. Maybe you and your lovely fiance could see if you could find a good spot. I've heard the section on Renaissance Astrology on the fourth floor might be good, but I don't have time to get over there today. Would you be a dear and report back to me? It would help immensely as we get closer to making a decision."

"And I should bring my fiance for this?" Sutton asked, because it was a strange request-not only to check out the location, but to bring along her beau.

"Don't you think it might help to have Reeve with you?"

Sutton pressed her lips together and sucked in a deep breath. Janelle was grade-A annoying. But if this was how the game had to be played, Sutton was up for it. "I'm sure it will help immensely. Renaissance astrology, you say?"

"Yes. Renaissance astrology."

"All right. I'll just make this last call and head on over."

She phoned the final agent on her list, then she rang up Reeve. "Hello, pretend boyfriend. Where are you right now?"

"Just going for a run with my friend Jill."

Sutton felt a flare of jealousy. "Jill? Good friend, is she?"

"Great friend."

"Can you meet me at the public library on Fifth and Forty-Second in an hour?"

"I need to shower. Make it an hour and a half."

"Gotta go," Reeve said to Jill as they ran down the West Side Bike Path.

"Come on! You're the only one who can keep up with me. I thought we were going for eight miles today. You're such a wuss," Jill said, and pushed Reeve on the arm as they kept pace together.

"Ha. I could totally school you. But I have to be somewhere."

"One, you can not school me. Two, where do you have to go? I thought you were out of work this week? Besides, you were supposed to help me get ready for my Crash the Moon audition with Patrick Carlson," Jill said, referring to the musical she was auditioning for. The mid-day sun beat down on them. It was November and the air was chilly, but with five miles under their belts already, Reeve felt pretty warm.

"I promise I'll help you tomorrow. I gotta jam all the way to the east side to shower, then get to midtown."

"What's the gig? Who was that on the phone?"

Reeve shook his head and laughed. Then he told Jill everything. Her eyes widened and she punched him on the arm, as if she were proud of him. "Can you get me an audition for Escorted Lives? Hell, I'd be happy to play a receptionist at the agency. Anything, anything at all."

Reeve stopped running and kissed Jill quickly on the forehead. "You know I'll do whatever I can for you."

Then he ran across town, showered, changed and caught the subway to the New York Public Library where Sutton was waiting outside by the lions. Damn, she looked sharp in black leather boots, a short skirt, and a black coat cinched at the waist. All that luscious hair was pinned up again and she had her glasses on. He couldn't help himself. His eyes wandered to her legs, and just as he suspected, he saw the slightest hint of lace. Thigh-high stockings again. She was killing him, especially because she had that same plastic smile on as she did last night, and he couldn't read her.

She leaned in and gave him a kiss on the cheek.

Hell, no. That was not going to do. "After six months together, all I get is the cheek?"

He shook his head and placed his hands on her face. He forced her to look at him, her blue eyes meeting his browns, and he gazed at her, as her pupils grew bigger and her walls started to fade away. Her body shifted the slightest bit closer, but he didn't move. He stayed totally still. He wanted her to feel the weight of his stare. He wanted her to feel undressed with his eyes, unwound by his touch. And then, there it was. The slightest parting of her lips. He wasted no time, diving in for a deep and hungry kiss on the steps outside the library as book borrowers and researchers and students and tourists and anyone and everyone streamed up and down the steps. They were a postcard of kissing. They were the couple reunited after the naval hero was at sea. They were lovers who couldn't keep their hands off each other after weeks apart. They were every kiss on every street that anyone ever wanted to gawk at, that anyone ever wanted to be. She moved against him, her chest lightly pressing against the cotton of his tee-shirt beneath his scratched leather jacket. Just when he felt her start to give in completely, he pulled apart, grabbed her hand and led her up the steps.

Still wobbly from the kiss, she missed a step and stumbled. In one swift move, he grabbed her elbow, then slid an arm around her waist.

"You okay?"

Her eyes were wide, the tiniest bit of shock in them. It would only have been a small tumble. It would only have caused a minor scrape or bruise. Still, she seemed glad to have been caught.

"Thank you."

Then he stopped and gave her a soft kiss on her forehead. "I'm always happy to catch you."

That kiss.

He kissed her like it was the only thing that mattered in the world. She ran her fingers absently across her top lip, as if she could recall the kiss. She wanted to revel in it. To live in it. To encase herself in that bubble of an afternoon kiss. It wasn't fair. It wasn't fair in the least when it was all an act. When he had the raw talent to pull that off, to make a kiss seem so believable that she'd suspended disbelief out there on the steps. She had to restore the balance of power somehow, especially after the way she'd tripped. She was woozy and drunk from his kisses, so drunk she could barely walk straight. She had to right her ship. So as they wandered through shelves upon shelves of hardbound volumes on science and literature, on history and make-believe, Sutton chatted in a low voice.

"So you were an American lit major," she said as they rounded a corner on the way to Renaissance Astrology. The smell of musty old books was strong, and there was dust in the air. Nearby, quiet patrons worked on computers or slouched down in crackly leather chairs with their tomes, the pages lit by the faint flow of green lamps with pull-down chains.

Reeve nodded. "Yep. Ernest Hemingway. Ralph Ellison. Faulkner," he said, rattling off names. He slowed and held up his finger. "Faulkner-definitely not a fan of."

"Why not?" Sutton asked as she peered down a long row of books on-as promised-Renaissance Astrology. The wooden shelves were high and no one was in the aisle. She tipped her forehead and he followed.

"He made no sense. You ever try to read him?"

Sutton nodded. "All I remember is it felt like Yoda talking. Every sentence was written backwards, it seemed."

Reeve laughed, and Sutton found she liked the sound of his laughter. She liked too that she was back in charge.

"But I'm definitely a fan of F. Scott Fitzgerald."

"Right. Of course. I remember you said Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas and The Great Gatsby were your toss-ups for your favorite book ever."

Reeve flashed a small smile at her, as they reached the end of the aisle. Sutton looked around. They were in a section of the library full of books on the most prominent constellations in the 1600s and what they portended.

In a sultry voice, he said: "I've been drunk for about a week now, and I thought it might sober me up to sit in a library."

She cocked her head and looked at him curiously. "What is that?"

"Some dude says it in The Great Gatsby when Nick finds him in the library."

"Oh. How appropos," Sutton said, but there was something that felt like a double-entendre in the line. Drunk. Libraries. The scene they were scouting for. Or maybe her mind naturally went to double-entendres around Reeve. She felt that dryness in her throat again and she swallowed.

"So I suppose you're a big fan of Jay Gatsby and Daisy Buchanan then?"

Reeve shook his head and leaned against the wooden panel of the shelves. "No. I think they're selfish pricks."

"Really?"

"All they care about is themselves. They're held up as this great ideal of a doomed love affair, but they're totally self-centered. Daisy especially. She pretty much ignores her kid all the time."

"Why do you like the book then?"

"I like the writing. Lines like 'I love New York on summer afternoons when everyone's away. There's something very sensuous about it - overripe, as if all sorts of funny fruits were going to fall into your hands.'"

Quoting sumptuous passages from literature in that sexy, smooth voice of his was not going to help her stay in control. Her knees felt wobbly. She pressed a hand against her forehead as if she might faint.

"You okay?" he asked in a soft voice, and then reached for her, brushing loose strands of hair across her forehead.

She nodded. She was afraid to speak. She didn't know what to do around him. No other actor had ever affected her like this. She'd never even been remotely interested in an actor. They were work to her. They were a job. A job she loved, but that was it, that was all. Call them in, try them out, pick the best.

The problem was Reeve was far too skilled at this role for her own good. He made her suspend disbelief too easily. He looped his hands around her neck, drawing her nearer to him.

"I like the last line of the book too. 'Tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther...And one fine morning-So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.'"

She inhaled sharply and damn near collapsed. This was too much. She was silly puddy with him, she was a teenager touched for the very first time. There were sparks inside all the private places in her body, and her br**sts felt heavier because she so wanted them to be touched. She inched closer, and he drew his arms tighter around her.

"I see great writing turns you on, Sutton," he whispered, then left a soft kiss on her neck.

"You too," she said, and pressed against his jeans. He was rock hard, and knowing that she affected him made her suddenly turn the tables. She felt so out of control with him most of the time, so much like an open book that she needed to get her power back, and she planned to before she fell even further under the spell of his words, his tongue, his fingers, and those eyes that drowned her in desire. She pressed a palm against the denim of his jeans, and he responded with a long, low moan. She grinned wickedly to herself. Oh yes, this was going to be fun.

She looked one way, then another. No one was near them. They were in the far corner of the stacks, all alone on a Wednesday afternoon. She heard no footsteps, only the faint ticking of a wall clock somewhere and then a low hum, likely a heater. There were surrounded only by books, by facts and fictions of Renaissance men and women trying to map their lives from the moon and the stars.

"There's really only one way to know for sure if this is the ideal location for the famous library scene," she said, and began unzipping his jeans. She looked up at him, as if to ask if it were okay. But she wasn't really asking. She just wanted to see the surprise in his eyes, and yes, it was there. He hadn't expected this. She could tell there was a nervous side to him right now. But as she reached her hand inside his briefs, feeling the hard length of him, she knew he wasn't going to back down. He felt amazing, long and thick and sculpted. Velvet soft outside, rock hard inside. She could have spent all afternoon playing with him, toying with him, delighting in the perfection of his size. But there was work to be done, and orgasms to be achieved, and the clock was indeed ticking. She kneeled down. Keeping one hand wrapped firmly around the base, she kissed the tip. He let out another quiet moan, and when she glanced up, she saw him leaning back against the books and he bit down hard on his lip. She teased him for a few seconds with her tongue, and from the way he twined his fingers into her pinned-up hair, he rather enjoyed the feel of her lips on his long, hard length. She wanted to run her tongue from one side, then the other, tasting every inch. She wanted to savor his deliciousness and take her sweet time getting to know every fabulous inch of him. But instead, she wrapped her lips around him, and brought him all the way into her mouth.

He gripped her hair tighter, as little sounds and moans escaped his lips. As she moved up and down, bringing him as far into her throat as she could, wanting him to feel completely surrounded by her warm, inviting mouth, she gazed up at him. His eyes were shut hard, and his features were screwed up in a look of exquisite pleasure. At last, she thought. She could do to him what he'd done to her. She could take charge of his pleasure. She could ensure that he would be the one feeling waves of sweet release wash over him. She wanted to tell him, "Don't worry. I've got this," but she had a feeling he wasn't worried at all. Besides, her mouth was quite full. She teased him with her tongue and her lips all over, pressing her hands against his strong, hard thighs-toned from all that cycling-for balance. He grabbed at her hair, and that made her even wetter, knowing how close he was.

She wanted to touch herself at the same time. She was aching, longing desperately for him to lift her up so she could wrap her legs around him and slide onto him, riding him here in the library, all the while suppressing her own desire to scream his name in pleasure. She was a screamer, that's for sure. She was a loud one, and she never held back.

But she could take care of herself later. This moment was for him. Because pleasing him would give her back her power. She wouldn't feel so helpless. He was a perfect specimen of hotness in every way and she couldn't resist bringing him in deeper.

"Sutton," he moaned, and that made her tighten her lips around him. She loved that he was so far gone into the feeling that he had to say her name, that he couldn't keep quiet. Soon, he rocked his hips into her, and she went faster, as more low and quiet moans met her ears. Then he thrust once, twice, and she tasted him for the first time, and she loved it. She wanted more of it, more of him. She could do this every day.

When he was done, she rose and brushed one hand against the other. Reeve had a dazed look etched across his gorgeous features.

"Why yes, I think the Renaissance astrology section will do just fine."

Chapter Seven

Later that night, Sutton had just finished researching all the vital details on a rising filmmaker who'd requested a meeting with her next week. The filmmaker had nabbed top honors at Sundance and wanted to bring both marquee and unknowns into his next project, a dramedy about a group of guy friends a few years after college. She placed her file and notes on her coffee table, and poured a glass of chardonnay, allowing herself a few minutes away from work to kick back.

With a wine glass in one hand, Sutton wandered over to her bookshelves, scanning for a paperback she'd held onto since university. She took a sip of the chardonnay, then pulled the dog-eared book from the shelf and sank down into her soft couch, pulling a red chenille throw over her legs. The Artful Doger hopped onto the sofa and curled up next to her. She opened the book and turned to her favorite page. "Tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther...And one fine morning-So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past."

Was it kismet that he adored this line too?

A sign, maybe?

She ran her index finger over the line, letting the memories of this afternoon flash past. Reeve and his kiss. Reeve and the way he caught her on the steps. Reeve and his words "I'm always happy to catch you." Then, there was the picture he sent her after they'd said goodbye. She placed the book on the couch and reached for her phone on the coffee table, scrolling back to his text. He'd taken a picture of the steps leading into the library, the exact spot where he'd kissed her in such a way it seemed as if time had stopped and that the world had begun spinning around them. The moment she came undone for him.

There was only one word with the photo. One word and one punctuation mark: Encore?

She ran her fingertip lazily across that message, as if the word itself made her feel all these tingles, even though it was the memory of Reeve's lips.

Encore. He was asking for an encore. Not of what she'd done to him in the stacks, though she was sure he wouldn't mind another one of those, thank you very much.

But an encore of a show-stopping kiss.

She didn't answer his question. She wouldn't admit how very much she wanted another one. But she did allow herself a reply: "I am reading your favorite book right now." She let her finger hover over the send button. If she sent this, she was choosing to engage. She was pressing beyond the physical and acting on the emotional. She would be getting to know him in a deeper way. She hit send.

Moments later a reply arrived. "Tell me one of your favorite lines..."

She flipped through the book, easily finding another one. "You won't like it, because it's about her."

"Try me," he wrote back.

Sutton tapped out another quote, one that tugged at her heart. "There must have been moments even that afternoon when Daisy tumbled short of his dreams--not through her own fault but because of the colossal vitality of his illusion. It had gone beyond her, beyond everything. He had thrown himself into it with a creative passion."

She took a sip of her wine, and soon Reeve's name reappeared, but it wasn't a text. He was calling. Sutton froze. Should she answer it? He knew she was around. Would he think she was ignoring him if she didn't pick up? But she couldn't fake her way out of this one.

"Hello there," she said in her best sparkly voice. She was never aware of her own British accent, but she'd been told occasionally that it made her sound both smart and aloof. Those were traits that might serve her well right now.

"I love that line too."

"Oh you do?"

"Yes. I think it's about the ways we have these ideals of different things and people. Don't you? I mean, why do you love the line?"

She loved it because it was passionate, because it was big, because it was epic. But she wasn't prepared to say that, so she turned the question around. "Do you, Reeve? Have ideals about things and people?"

He paused before answering, and she wondered where he was. She heard music in the background, but the kind from a stereo or iPod, not a club. He must be at home. "Yeah. Of course. I mean, I'm sure I have this ideal about acting and theater and the craft, right? I kind of have to."

"Why? Why do you have to?"

"I just think you can't do this as a career if there's anything else you remotely can see yourself doing."

She nodded. "I believe that. I believe that about any type of art. Writer, painter, actor. It has to be the only thing for you."

"Right. And it's like that quote. It goes beyond her, beyond everything. It becomes everything."

Everything. She let that word resonate in the air around her. Actors loved acting first, best and only. If she let her heart too far out of her chest then she'd have no one but herself to blame. Reeve might sound alluringly interested in this lovely getting-to-know-you phase right now, but that's because he was throwing himself into this role-the role of the boyfriend-in the only way he knew how. Wholeheartedly, and with a creative passion.

They were just that. A creation.

It wasn't kismet. It wasn't a sign.

This was yet another scene in the script of their relationship. And that was totally fine, right? She didn't really feel anything for him. It's not as if she was longing for this thing to extend beyond a week anyway. At least, that's what she told herself.

She yawned, big and long and exaggerated. He might have been able to tell it was a fake yawn. But she needed an out, and it was the best she could do. "I'm sleepy. I better go. I'll see you tomorrow for a dress rehearsal, so to speak."

"See you tomorrow, Sutton," he said, then paused. "I can't wait."

She hung up, took a long swallow of wine, placed the drained glass on her coffee table, then made room for her main man, who curled up by her knees. She closed the novel and reached for her files, reminding herself that actors were part of her job, not part of her heart.

Even though she couldn't wait to see him either.

Chapter Eight

The dinner was tomorrow. There was one more night of this pretend relationship, and Reeve wanted to have all his lines down cold. He didn't want there to be any f**k-ups. But then, with what she'd done to him in the library and what he'd done to her in the theater, he couldn't imagine anyone would think they weren't a real couple. Fact was, they had chemistry in spades. There was something combustible between the two of them. It was as if he'd been given the keys to her body, and the same for her with him. The next day as he walked to her apartment on the Upper East Side, he was still thinking about the way they connected-but not just physically, because he liked talking to her too.

More than he'd expected.

Matter of fact, he'd never thought he'd be so into this arrangement. That he'd want more.

He rang the buzzer.

"Be right down," she said, and he waited on the steps of her brownstone.

He looked up and down her street. It was one of those quiet blocks in the seventies, not far from the park. There were trees and pretty stoops, and brick buildings and lots of families pushing strollers or holding hands with young children. It was a far cry from where he lived down in the East Village in a tiny shoebox of an apartment that he'd snagged on a sublease when an actor buddy got a touring role in the German production of Book of Mormon.

But Sutton did well for herself, so it was no surprise she could handle a block like this. He leaned against the stone railing that led to her building, watching the street. A few fallen leaves blew past him, courtesy of the crisp autumn that had landed in Manhattan. He wore jeans, combat boots, and a tee-shirt-this one with the words Unplug Electric Vampires in a cool white typewriter font. He had on his scratched-up leather jacket, and his jawline was speckled with a bit of stubble. He ran a hand through his hair, and turned when he heard Sutton say, "Hey you."

There was something sweet in her voice, something almost romantic. He'd never heard her talk that way before. He turned to watch her walk down the steps with her dog-a tiny little brown and tan mix with a cute face, and a worn, blue fleece jacket. But Sutton looked even better. He'd only seem her dressed up and now he was getting a glimpse of the after-hours gal-she had on skinny jeans that showed off every gorgeous curve, short boots and a jacket.

Then, as if she'd remembered that she didn't talk in sweet, love-y voices, she cleared her throat and returned to her business-like tone. "Hi there, Reeve. So glad you can join The Artful Dodger and me for a jaunt through the neighborhood."

But he liked it better when Sutton let down her guard, and he was curious about the softer side of this sharp and smart woman, so he tried to draw her back. "Your dog is kind of insanely cute," he said, and then kneeled down to pet the soft little guy.

"Thank you," she said, and there was that sweetness again, but as he rose to give her a kiss on the cheek-just in case anyone was watching, he reasoned-she was steely once more. Maybe she was the actress. Because he couldn't read her anymore. She had this mask on-as if she felt she needed to be friendly, smiling, witty Sutton. Not the sweet one who melted under his touch. He wondered where that Sutton had gone. But he didn't know what to say or how to ask, so he simply gestured to the sidewalk and off they went, The Artful Dodger at the end of his leather leash, nose to the ground, sniffing and leading the way.

"Quite a fall we're having, isn't it?" she remarked.

"Um, yeah. It's definitely fall."

"So crisp. And the leaves are changing."

"Yep. They are definitely changing."

This was what they were talking about? The weather?

"And soon winter will be here."

"That's usually how it goes. One follows the next," Reeve said, not bothering to mask the sarcasm.

She gave him a sharp stare.

"And then spring, and then summer," he continued. "I studied the seasons in school." But he wasn't being playful. He was annoyed that she was being so...clinical...so cool.

"What a great school. And how was your day?" She wasn't going to indulge in letting him in. It pissed him off.

"It was whatever. I went for a run with Jill. Helped her get ready for her big audition next week."

"Oh, Jill. You helped her, did you?" Reeve smiled privately when he heard the note of jealousy in her voice. She couldn't hide it, and he was glad.

"Yeah. I help her with a lot of things," he added, and it was probably a stupid addendum to the question, but if he could get a rise out of Sutton, he'd take it.

"What sort of things?" she asked coldly as they walked past a shoe store peddling heels that cost half Reeve's monthly rent.

"This. That," he said in an offhand way.

"Oh. This. That," she repeated, punctuating each word.

"Why? Does it bother you?"

"Should it bother me?"

"You're my fiance. Why don't you tell me? As my fiance, does it bother you?"

Sutton stopped to let The Artful Dodger sniff a small patch of grass surrounding a tree. "We're not real fiances. We're not real anything. So there's no real way anything you do could bother me."

"All right. That's clear then," Reeve said through tight lips. He stuffed his hands into the pockets of his jeans.

"Wait. There is one thing you could do that would bother me. It would bother me if you blew the deal. So don't do anything with Jill or anyone until we finalize things, okay? Then you're free to go."

He scoffed at her, then held his hands out wide. "That is very good to know. Very good to know, indeed."

"Anyway, let's go over tomorrow night's dinner and how you need to behave," she said as they reached the crosswalk and stopped to wait for the light. She pointed one finger at The Artful Dodger and he sat instantly. The dog was well-trained, and that's what Sutton was all about. Training Reeve. That's what she wanted. That's who she was. Bright and shiny on the outside, cool and calculating on the inside.

They walked for several more blocks and she reviewed the ins and outs, the expectations, the potential questions, until their fake relationship was airtight and hermetically sealed. She was the instructor and he was the pupil and she wasn't going to let him forget it. As they turned back toward her apartment she issued her final directive. "And of course, you should feel free to touch me. Hand on the leg, hand on the arm. Holding hands, kiss on the cheek. All of that is totally acceptable," she said, then shot him that smile he'd come to recognize as her "thank you very much, we'll be in touch" smile.

Then there was a scuffle of paws. The rattle of a chain collar. Out of nowhere a big, brown German Shepherd barreled down the sidewalk and was snarling at the little Artful Dodger. His teeth were bared, and his nostrils were flaring, and he was off the leash. The German Shepherd's mouth was open and he was ready to take a bite. He had one thing in mind. Evening snack. As the German Shepherd opened his snout, Sutton shrieked her dog's name.

Instantly, Reeve lunged through wiry fur and snapping teeth for the bigger dog, grabbing the prong collar as hard as he could and yanking the German Shepherd away from The Artful Dodger. The big dog growled and whipped his head around, unveiling sharp teeth that looked as if they could sink holes into skin. But Reeve held on tight to the chain on the dog's neck, even as the German Shepherd scraped his jaw against Reeve's wrist from the motion. Then with his free hand, Reeve scooped up the tiny pup, tucking him under his arm, like a football being cradled by a running back. The horse-sized dog yanked and tugged, and for a second Reeve thought his arm was about to be tattooed with a set of dog bitemarks, when he heard a voice call out.

"Henry! Henry! You bad dog!"

The shepherd cocked his ears and wagged his tail and was suddenly a sweet, doting animal searching for his person. A dude in loose jeans, ballcap and sweatshirt, rounded the corner, a look of surprise on his face. In one hand, he held a nylon leash. He ran to the German Shepherd and stopped.

"I'm so sorry. We just got him, and he has some issues, but we're trying to train him."

"Some issues? He almost killed our dog," Reeve said, tucking the shivering dog more tightly in his arms.

"I'm really sorry."

"You have to be more careful. There are kids and other dogs and people everywhere, okay? He was about to bite our dog."

"Okay, I said I was sorry."

Reeve relaxed a bit. Still, he was pissed. "Yeah. So good luck with the training."

The guy clipped the leash back onto Henry and pulled him the other way. Reeve turned to Sutton, whose mouth was agape. "You saved my dog."

Reeve handed the little dog to Sutton's outstretched arms.

"He'd have been fine. He's a tough little guy."

Sutton shook her head. "I can't believe you did that. You were so fast," she said, in a breathless way. "You just reached your hand in there. He bit you. That dog bit you."

"It's nothing. I swear it's nothing."

"Let me see." Sutton reached for Reeve's wrist, touching tenderly around the red indentation from a canine.

"There isn't even any blood. I'm totally fine."

"We should get this cleaned up."

"Sut, it's nothing. I swear I'm totally fine."

"Please." She looked so pleading, so warm again. This was what he had wanted. Not to be bitten, because the mark she was so concerned about was barely a graze. But he wanted this Sutton. The one beneath the veneer.

"How about this? I'll let you buy me a drink."

Chapter Nine

Sutton ordered a beer for Reeve and a white wine for herself, then steered them toward a quiet table in the back. They were at a neighborhood bar called Dahlia's. It wasn't quite a dive nor was it a too-trendy club. It was a standard order bar, and she liked it because it reminded her of England. The Artful Dodger was safe and sound at home, snoozing in the middle of the king-size bed, surrounded by extra blankets.

She was still shaken from what happened and the way her darling dog had nearly been a snack for that German Shepherd. But she was more impressed with Reeve and his reflexes, especially the way he didn't even think twice. He just dived into the melee and saved her most favorite mammal in the entire universe.

"I can't thank you enough," she said again.

"I'm just glad he's fine. And hey, look on the bright side. Now we have another story to tell tomorrow night that'll make this-" he gestured from himself to her-"seem all the more real."

Real. There was that word again. This wasn't real, but it had felt so real during the dog walk. She'd felt real jealousy over Jill. And she'd felt real admiration for Reeve when he saved her dog. And then there was the way she felt right now.

Real like. She was in real like for him.

Damn.

She wanted to berate herself. To remind her idiotic heart that this was a first-class mistake. Because this was the thing she'd most wanted to avoid. She'd never intended to let him into her heart. He was acting, only acting. Somehow, the act had worked on her, and now she had fallen into real like. Because of that, she asked the question that had been gnawing her. "Is there something with you and this Jill?"

He tilted his head back and laughed, showing off those brilliant straight white teeth.

"Why are you laughing at me?"

He moved closer and pressed one strong hand on top of both of hers. "Because you are a conundrum."

"Me? How could I possibly be a conundrum?"

"Why do you want to know about Jill? You already told me how I had to act, and I'll do that."

She huffed out a sigh. "I'll take that as a yes. That you're involved with her," Sutton said, then felt a flash of anger toward him when she thought of the library and the theater. He was cheating on his girlfriend with her. "You're cheating on her."

He laughed again, and gripped her hand tighter. "No. I'm not. I've never done that. Never cheated on anyone. I never would. When I'm with someone I'm only with that someone."

"So she's not your girlfriend?" Sutton pressed as the waiter appeared with the drinks. Reeve took a long drink from his beer bottle, while Sutton ran her index finger along the rim of her wine glass. She was edgy, waiting. "Reeve, just tell me."

He grinned. "No. She's a great, great friend. We like each other, as buddies. So don't worry. I've never done the things to her that I've done to you."

Heat flared in her belly. "What do you mean by that?"

He moved closer and draped an arm around her shoulders. She loved the warm, protective feel of his arm around her. "I mean, I've never gotten her off in a theater. Or anywhere. I've never kissed her on the steps of the library. And she's never gone down on me in the stacks. Incidentally, you give a f**king awesome blow job."

He traced a finger lazily across her top lip and Sutton was speechless. She wasn't sure if he was playing the role again, the part he'd been hired for. Because he'd been pissy and irritated on the walk, but now we was flirty and sexy again. She didn't know what to make of it. But she knew she wanted to take his finger and suck on it. Then he pulled his hand away.

"But you never answered my text."

"What do you mean?" she asked, trying to play it cool, but inside she was burning. "I replied to it."

"Yeah, about a book. But you didn't answer the question. Encore? Do you want an encore?"

"For real?"

"Yes."

Somewhere inside her, she let a piece of her heart free for a moment, and it felt fabulous. Did this mean he liked her too? As in real like? She didn't have time to ponder an answer because his lips were on hers again, and he explored her mouth, tenderly at first, then rougher as if he wanted to consume her. She responded in kind, grappling at his hair, silky smooth between her fingers, pressing one hand against his firm chest and bringing his mouth closer and deeper as if every life and breath depended on this kiss. She wanted him to devour her.

He broke the kiss and looked at her.

"Damn, woman. You like being kissed, don't you?"

She blushed and looked away, embarrassed. She hated that she was this way with him. So easy. One touch and she was ready to go. One quick kiss and she was about to spread her legs right here.

"Hey," he said, softly. He pressed a palm on her cheek and turned her face back to him. "I like kissing you. I like being the one you want to have kissing you. I mean it."

"You do?"

He nodded. "Yes. I want to kiss you in other places too."

"You do?" she asked, vaguely aware that she was a broken record, but barely able to form words. The way he looked at her with those deep brown eyes, the way he talked to her, the way he touched her. She was liquid heat with barely a word, with merely a touch.

"I want to kiss your neck," he said, then leaned in to plant a soft, sweet kiss on her neck.

"And your earlobe looks pretty tasty." He nibbled lightly on her earlobe, then swept his tongue up her ear. She shivered.

"And this spot," he said, touching the hollow of her throat. "I bet you'd like being kissed there too."

"I would," she whispered, and he brushed his lips gently there. She breathed deeply, her br**sts rising and falling, and he stole the chance to cup them quickly.

Then he pulled back. "There too. Your br**sts. I would very much like to take them in my mouth. Well, you know, not at the same time," he said, playfully and she laughed. "But if I could, I would. Because I want to taste your ni**les and swirl my tongue across the flesh of your br**sts. First one, flicking my tongue over your nipple, then bringing as much of your delicious flesh into my mouth as I could. Then the other."

Her br**sts ached with the need to be touched. She glanced quickly around the bar, noticing other patrons and other tables. But there was a part of her that simply didn't care. That wanted touch more than she wanted to be prim and proper in public.

"Please touch my br**sts again, Reeve."

He did as asked. She closed her eyes and sighed. He pulled her closer, cupping her through her thin gray sweater, feeling the points on her ni**les grow hard. He moved his mouth to her ear, and whispered. "But there are so many other places to kiss you, Sutton."

"Yes," she said.

"You need to be kissed on your belly. From your ribs, down to your belly button, and over to your hips. And you need to be kissed on your legs. On the back of your calves, and inside your thighs."

"I do need to be kissed there."

"By me," he added.

"Yes, by you. Definitely by you."

"Do you want me to kiss you there?"

She nodded.

"Tell me. Tell me where you want my lips."

"Between my legs," she said with a moan.

He dipped a hand there, pressing his palm against the fabric of her jeans. She was sure he could feel the heat radiating from her core. She was molten. She was a volcano for him. She felt as if she could come any second. He didn't even have to touch her and she would come. All he had to do was talk to her, tell her all the things he'd do and she'd shatter in ecstasy.

"You do, Sutton? Are you sure?"

She nodded. Her face was red with heat. Her mouth was dry. She could barely speak. He was doing it again. He was stripping her of all pretensions, he was tearing down all the ways she'd tried to protect herself. He was a chemical reaction to her, the thing she couldn't resist.

"Yes."

"You want me to take off your jeans?"

"Yes."

"And throw them on the floor of your apartment?"

"Yes."

"And pull off your panties?"

"Yes," she said in a broken whisper.

"And push you back on your bed. And place my hands on the inside of your thighs and have you spread your legs open for me? You'd want me to do that?"

"So much. So f**king much," she said, and she felt as if she might cry out with the desire pounding through her body right now. She was pulsing with the need to be tasted, to be touched, to be devoured.

"And lick you? You'd want me to taste how hot you are, right? Because I can feel it through your jeans. I can tell you're so unbelievably wet for me, aren't you?"

"Yes."

"Do you have any idea how much I want to know what you taste like? Because your lips taste like cherries, and I am dying to know what you taste like here," he said, pressing his palm against her legs. She clamped her thighs closed, needing the pressure of his hand against her.

"I want you to taste me. I want you to touch me. I want you to go down on me."

"You want me to lick you, Sutton? And kiss you all over? And run my tongue up and down all that delicious wetness?"

"Please."

"Because you get so wet for me. I love how wet you get."

"It's you. You do this to me."

"I love doing this to you. And you'd want me to bury my face between your legs?"

"God yes."

"And you can grab my hair and pull me deeper and do whatever you f**king want to me because I won't stop until you come."

She licked her lips, opened her eyes, and looked into his face. He was as turned on as she was. He looked like he wanted to pounce on her. She wanted to be pounced on. She wanted to be taken.

"Please take me home right now and make me come."

He threw a twenty on the table and did as she requested.

Chapter Ten

Reeve stopped by Jill's apartment in the morning. He was nervous about tonight's dinner. But he wasn't sure why. Then he figured that he always got a little nervous before he went on stage, and that was probably the case here. Nerves were a good thing, right? When he was acting, he used those nerves to fuel his performance. Nerves made him sharp, they made him go deeper into the character. The more nerves he felt, the easier it was to let go of himself when he stepped on stage and immerse himself in the role he was playing.

Jill's roommate Kat had just returned from Paris and was a wreck, Jill had told him. Reeve remembered the night he met Kat at the club in Soho. They'd chatted after the Les Mis performance and had talked about movies and their shared love of Joss Whedon. He'd even asked her out for a drink, but she'd said no and he'd had a feeling she was into someone else. Jill had confirmed as much a few days later. But right now, Reeve didn't care. Because he was kinda into someone else too.

Jill buzzed him in and he bounded up the steps to the second floor apartment, the soles of his combat boots smacking the concrete in the stairwell. Jill flung the door open for him.

"How's my favorite boy toy?" she said with a knowing grin.

He held out his hands, a satisfied smile on his face. Truth be told, he was kind of a wreck too. But he needed to get in character. He needed to play the part. After last night, he wasn't sure where things stood. He'd taken Sutton back to her place, and done everything he promised he'd do to her. And she'd screamed and cried and thrashed and moaned in a way that made him want to spend the entire night deep inside her body, and then do it again, and make her beg for it. He had a feeling Sutton would be into that. That she'd like those kind of games. He'd tie her up somewhere, maybe the bedroom, maybe the kitchen, and he'd work her into such a frenzy with his tongue and his mouth, always pulling back right before she came. Until she slapped him across the cheek and said, "Fuck me now, please f**k me now, I'm begging you."

Yeah, he could picture that for sure. The problem was the damn image was turning him on, especially because that's not what happened last night. After he made her sing his praises to the heavens-"oh my god Reeve, that feels so good, no one has ever made me feel this good before, this feels so abso-fucking-lutely amazing"-in a chorus she repeated many times, she'd curled her up with her dog, said thanks, and then sent him on his way.

"You ready to go get some pancakes?" Jill said to Reeve since they were planning on grabbing a late breakfast at a nearby cheap diner.

"Yup."

Then, there was a flurry of activity in the hall. Both Jill and Reeve glanced in the direction of the sound. Jill's roommate Kat had just rushed out of her room, and was jamming her arms into a coat. She had on jeans and boots and a frazzled look on her face. Her long brown hair was loose.

"Hey. I have to go see my professor now."

"You going to go sweet talk him into giving you an A?" Jill said in a teasing voice.

But Kat looked deadly serious. She shook her head. "No," she said heavily. "I'm going to tell him that I'm totally madly in love with my mentor for the class."

"Whoa."

Then, Kat noticed Reeve. "Oh, hey. How's it going?"

"Good. And good luck with that chat with your professor."

"Thanks."

"Are you sure this is the right thing to do?" Jill asked Kat.

Kat nodded. "I have to. I can't keep playing games and sneaking around. After what happened in Paris..." Kat let her voice trail off and Reeve noticed something pass between the girls. A secret. Something about what had happened in Paris between Kat and, presumably, the mentor dude she was in love with.

Jill nodded, her blond ponytail bouncing once as if in agreement. "A girl's gotta do what a girl's gotta do. We're rooting for you."

Kat grabbed Jill in a hug, then rushed off.

Jill turned to Reeve as she shut and locked the door. "Love is in the air, I suppose. I wonder if I'll get my turn."

"You're too in love with Broadway. I can't imagine there'd be any room for a dude."

"If that dude was Patrick Carlson, maybe," Jill mused as they walked down the stairs. "My audition with him for Crash the Moon is in four days and counting."

"Not that you're ticking off every minute."

"No. Not at all."

"You should just go right up to him and tell him you've only been madly in love with him since you were in high school."

"Speaking of madly in love, how's it going as man-for-hire?" Jill asked as they reached the sidewalk and headed to the diner.

Reeve shrugged, then gave Jill the latest update. "Maybe she's the player. Maybe she's just playing me for sex."

"And that bothers you because?"

"It doesn't bother me," Reeve said, but his voice trailed off.

Jill's eyes went wide and she stopped, putting her hands on her hips. "You have fallen for Sutton Brenner."

He scoffed. "Hardly. Now, c'mon. Let's go," he said, feeling pretty proud of himself for pulling off that convincing performance.

Then he remembered what Kat did for a living. She was a jewelry designer. "Hey, Jill. Think your roommate can do me a favor?"

Sutton sent a car to pick up Reeve. She knew if she saw his apartment, she'd start to feel more for him, and she couldn't allow that. The week was nearly up and they could soon return to passing acquaintances. Fine, he was an acquaintance who hit notes on her body that had never been played before. He'd gone down on her the night before and delivered two out-of-this-world orgasms that made her feel as if the sun and moon and solar system were rotating around her, that the sheer wattage of pleasure he'd given her with his mouth and tongue and lips could power the universe.

Still, she'd simply have to tuck him into the faraway corner of her brain after tonight. But his prowess with her body wasn't the most unjust part of this whole week. The real rub was this-he was sweet, and he was good, and he could keep up with her. He was his own man, with his own opinions, and he wasn't afraid of a thing. There were times when he seemed to genuinely care for her, and there were times when he touched her in a way that went beyond the intense charge between them. The way he'd kissed her on the library steps with a kind of reverence, as if he'd missed her. And the way he'd laid her down on her bed and spread her legs as if he were hungry for her, not just her body, but her.

She waved her hand in front of her face, as if she could rid herself of these ludicrous notions, then she appraised herself one last time in the mirror. She had on a pretty dove gray dress with long sleeves and a hemline that hit just above the knees. Then her black leather boots, and a single silver bracelet on her right wrist. She'd pinned her hair up as usual, and she wore her glasses, her twin efforts to look twenty-eight, rather than the twenty-one she was often mistaken for. She looked sophisticated and sharp, and when the town car arrived with Reeve already in the back seat, so handsome in his charcoal slacks, green button down, and a tie, she felt a surge of happiness at seeing her boyfriend.

Then she remembered he was only her pretend boyfriend, so she tamped it down. "You look very nice," she said to him.

"As do you. And look," he said tipping his forehead to a plate on the seat next to him, full of chocolate chip cookies covered in saran wrap. "Remember I told her in your office I made great chocolate chip cookies?"

Sutton beamed. "You are the perfect boyfriend."

"And I have something for you," he added.

She raised an eyebrow curiously, as he removed from his pocket a small velvet pouch, then reached inside. Something sparkled in his hand, and it looked almost like a diamond. Her eyes widened, and she let that joyful feeling return. She did love shiny objects.

"It's just a little something. It's not a real diamond, and I'm not trying to claim it's real, but I thought we could pretend it's a placeholder ring while you get yours resized." He held the ring in his palm and with his other hand, he reached for her.

Her heart skipped a beat as he slid the ring onto her finger. "Oh, Reeve. I love it. How did you get it? It fits perfectly."

He shrugged sheepishly. "I'm actually pretty good with sizes. It's this strange hidden talent of mine. And my friend Jill's roommate is a jewelry designer, so she knocked this out for us."

"This is ridiculously perfect," she said, and placed her bejeweled hand on the back of his head and planted a quick kiss on his lips.

A fake kiss, of course. It was only a fake kiss to get her in the right mindset. But the way he lingered softly, the way he sighed happily, made it feel real.

Then she settled back in the leather seat and they said little more on the short drive to the penthouse apartment on Fifth Avenue. They didn't say much on the elevator either. She knocked on the door, and Janelle answered.

"Good to see you," Janelle said, letting the tiniest sliver of a smile slip across her slick red lips. Janelle wore a maroon dress with a high neck and for moment Sutton wondered if Janelle was hiding hickeys. Then, she remembered that Janelle had supposedly cut Frederick off til he proved he could keep it in his pants. But rather than ruminate on the sleeping arrangements of this woman, Sutton handed her the bottle of Cakebread Chardonnay she'd selected from the local wine shop on her block.

"It's a 2011. It's supposed to be wonderful, so I very much hope you enjoy it."

"Oh, I'm sure I will," Janelle said, waving them inside the penthouse.

"And here are the cookies as promised," Reeve said, handing her the plate of baked goods.

"I can not wait to eat them." Then she plucked one from under the saran wrap and popped it into her mouth. She rolled her eyes in pleasure, then whispered. "Best. Ever."

Reeve smiled.

"Let me just put this wine in the wine cellar," Janelle added. "Though, it's not really a cellar. It's more of a closet. But I still call it a cellar. Come with me. I'll show it to you."

Janelle escorted them to the spacious kitchen, which itself was the size of Sutton's whole apartment. There was an island, a massive Viking stove, and a huge Sub-Zero built-in refrigerator. As Janelle placed the cookies on the island, the Siamese cat sashayed by.

"Hello, Archibald," Sutton said to the feline. As felines do, he ignored her and wandered into another room.

Janelle led them to an oak door that opened into a long narrow hallway full of bottles of wine. The lights were low in the wine cellar-slash-closet and the temperature was cooler. Sutton shivered, and Reeve placed an arm around her. His touch was warm, and she leaned briefly into it.

Janelle placed the wine in a rack, and then gestured as if she were presenting winning letters on a game show. "Voila. And here it is. In case you should need to find it later." Then she whispered, as if they were in on something. "It's fun for all sorts of things."

Sutton wasn't sure how to respond, so she kept her reply on the level. "Lovely. Great. We'll know exactly where it is."

"Oh, by the way, I keep meaning to ask. How was Renaissance Astrology?"

Sutton looked quickly at Reeve, who smirked knowingly.

"I think it's going to work out just fine for that scene. Just fine indeed," Sutton said.

"Really? Are you sure?" Janelle pressed.

"Yes. I'm quite sure."

Janelle grinned, and pointed from Reeve to Sutton. "Wait. No. Don't tell me. You two didn't test it out, did you?"

There was something strangely salacious in Janelle's question and Sutton was flummoxed. She couldn't tell if Janelle was a prude or a pervert. Reeve tightened his grip on Sutton's shoulder in a possessive way, then he spoke. "Let's just say, we are one hundred percent positive that it's the perfect location." He winked at Janelle, and leaned into Sutton, dusting a kiss on her cheek. "Aren't we, babe?" he said to her.

He knew how to handle Janelle. How to play her, so Sutton made a choice to trust him. "Yes, we are."

They left the wine closet and as Janelle headed toward the living room, Reeve pulled Sutton aside and spoke in a low voice.

"I think she might be a bit like the woman who runs the escort agency in Escorted Lives."

"No. Really?"

He nodded. "I'm betting she's kind of a voyeur herself."

"Oh, that's totally not the case," Sutton said, but then found herself wondering if perhaps life was imitating art in some bizarre way with Janelle.

Reeve and Sutton joined the Pinkertons in the living room, where Nicholas and Frederick sat like puffy buffoons on an antique-looking couch. They made small talk for the next hour as a caterer circled by offering hamachi, prosciutto-wrapped asparagus and stuffed mushrooms. Then it was time for dinner and they moved to the dining room, which boasted a gorgeous view of Central Park, wide and expansive from the tenth floor of the penthouse. Once again, Janelle stationed herself next to Reeve, much as she had at the theater. Did Janelle have a crush on Reeve? Well, if she did Sutton couldn't blame her. But if that woman tried to steal her boyfriend, she'd claw her eyes out.

Wait. Fake boyfriend. If Janelle tried to steal her fake boyfriend...Oh, nevermind.

At the table, they chatted about movies and golf and the pending wedding and once again Reeve rose to the occasion answering all sorts of questions without a moment's hesitation.

"And how did you know, Reeve? How did you know that Sutton was the one for you?" The question came from Nicholas' wife across the table.

Reeve turned his attention to his fake fiance. "How did I know?" he said as if he were contemplating the answer. "I'll tell you how I knew. Because there was no way not to know. There was no way it could be otherwise. I'd fallen hard for this woman from the moment I first met her. And the more I got to know her, the more I liked her."

"Oh that is so sweet," Nicholas' wife said.

"Tell us more," Janelle chimed in.

Sutton looked at the two wives. They seemed to be hanging on every word Reeve said to her. It was as if they were being romanced by him. Maybe that's what they wanted. To feel loved vicariously by a gorgeous, beautiful, thoughtful young man. Sutton understood that sort of wish.

"Every day it became more clear. It's the way she takes care of her dog, and the way she teases me. It's the books she likes and the wry sense of humor. It's the way she likes all the things I do for her. It's the way she lets me save her when she needs saving. And the way she takes charge when she needs to take charge. It's the way she's so tough on the outside, but inside I can see through her and I know what's in her heart. It's the way she only lets me know what's really in her heart. It's the way she says yes. Most of all, it's the way she says yes."

Sutton placed a hand on her belly, as if she could quell all the feelings, all the emotions, all the desire he'd stirred in her. To say those things in front of everyone. She wanted to throw her arms around his neck and smother him in kisses. Forget all the make-believe. She was ready to go all in.

But yet, she knew better. She had to guard her heart. She had to be strong. She must refuse to let herself be seduced by the act.

"And I guess, most of all it's that she chose me. She's the kind of woman who could have anyone, but she chose me," Reeve said as he looked deeply into Sutton's eyes. She forced herself to feel nothing as he held onto her gaze, even though she felt everything for him. Every. Single. Thing. And it was killing her. "So really, when you find someone you're crazy about, you don't let her go, right?"

Janelle clasped a hand on her mouth. She looked as if she were about to cry happy tears. "I think I need more wine," she said. "Would you mind grabbing that fabulous bottle you brought earlier?"

"No problem," Reeve said and stood up, holding a hand for Sutton.

Once inside the wine closet-slash-cellar, she turned to him. "That was quite a performance."

Her voice seemed cold. "That's what you wanted, right?"

"Absolutely," she said, as she searched for the bottle. "It was all a lie, wasn't it?"

"Totally. Because you know what I'd have said if I'd told the truth?" He grabbed her arm, gripping her wrist tightly, and spinning her around so she was facing him, wine bottles on either side of them.

"What? That I made you a deal? That I promised you an audition? That it was all trumped up?"

"No," he said, anger in his voice. "I would tell that you are hot and cold. That it makes me crazy. That I can't read you, and I can't figure you out. That one minute you are all over me and the next you push me away. That I want you so badly, and I love the way you are, but that I find you totally absolutely crazy-making at the same time. And that makes me want to just push you out of my life."

"So push me out," she said, challenging him.

"Yeah? That's what you want?"

"Absolutely," she said in that crisp, too-controlling voice. "Just push me out. I'll be on my way, and you'll be on your way, and it'll be all fine, as if this week never happened. We'll both get what we want."

"Will we?" he asked, moving in closer to her. "Will we get what we want?"

"Yes, of course. And then you can go, like you want to."

"What if I don't want to?" he said, sliding another inch near to her. They were so close now, he could almost see the waves of anger radiating from her tense, tight body.

"What do you want then, Reeve? What could you possibly want?"

"What if I want you?"

She closed her eyes briefly, and he wished he knew what she was thinking. He wished he had the secret code to her heart, like he had to her body. "You don't though," she said in a resigned voice. "You don't want me."

"I do," he said roughly, gripping her arm. Then he loosened his hold on her, but still held her close. She was shaking the tiniest bit, and he worried that he'd scared her. "Sutton," he said, lowering his voice. "You make me crazy, and I want you. I totally want you. So much. In every way. Every real way."

He dropped a hand to her waist, and felt her move her body into his touch.

"You do?"

He nodded. "I do."

"For real?" she asked, and her voice wavered.

He wanted to hold her and reassure her, so he placed a hand gently on her cheek and looked in her eyes. "Those kisses? They were not fake. I promise. And this? Right now," he said, stopping to brush his lips against her, so softly, so gently, he heard her gasp. "Not an act, either."

"Reeve," she said. "I'm not pretending with you. I'm totally not pretending at all."

"Neither am I." He ran his hands along her sides, over the fabric of her dress, feeling the heat from her body. "And this, right now? This is real. When I turn you around, and lift up your dress, and slide into you-that won't be an act. But I'll only do it if you say yes to me, Sutton."

She looked up at him, and she was soft and vulnerable. She was the Sutton who liked books, the Sutton who let herself be saved, the Sutton who wanted to know who Reeve really was. She was the woman he'd loved getting to know better this crazy, topsy-turvy week.

"Right here?"

He nodded.

She swallowed. Breathed out. Nodded. "Yes."

Then she turned around, placed her hands between two wine bottles, bracing herself against the wooden rack. He hiked her skirt up to her hips and slid a hand between her legs, rewarded with his favorite thing in the world. How ready she was for him. Her panties were damp, and as he touched the cotton panel between her legs, he could feel the wetness all the way through. He reached inside his wallet, took out a condom, opened it and put the wrapper back into his pocket. He unzipped the pants she'd bought for him, lowered his boxer briefs, and rolled on the condom. Like her, he was more than ready. He was aching to be inside her. Deftly, he drew her panties down to her knees, and angled her hips up slightly. She arched back, an invitation. He slid two fingers across her and she breathed out hard at his touch. Her body was trembling-she wanted this so much. She wanted him so much. As he glided his fingers against her, he knew exactly how ready she was for him. God, she needed it, she needed him so badly right now, just as much as he needed her. He stroked her more, grinning as she gasped and leaned her head back. She was so turned on, and her readiness made him even harder.

"I'm pretty sure you're ready now," he said.

"I'm so ready."

He pushed against her wetness, groaning as he began to enter her. She was silky and soft and tight, and soon he filled her up, pausing to savor the absolute f**king fantastic feeling of being inside her.

"Does this feel good?" he asked in a soft voice.

"It feels incredible, Reeve. I love the way you fill me up."

He rocked into her. "How much do you love it?"

"I'm so f**king turned on."

"More than you have ever been before?" he asked as he slid almost all the way out, making her moan.

"I've never wanted anyone this much."

He stayed like that, teasing her, knowing how risky it was to be playing like this at someone's house. But he didn't care. He didn't care one bit about what they thought.

"Are you sure?" he said, rocking an inch into her, but no more. She shivered, and tried to push back onto him. But he held his hands tight on her hips.

"Yes, god yes."

"Say please then, Sutton. Say please."

"Oh god, Reeve. Please f**k me. I'm dying for you to be inside me again."

He thrust deep into her, and she said his name in a hot whisper.

"If you beg me, I'll make you come," he said.

"I'm begging you then. I'm begging you, Reeve. Please f**k me here in the wine cellar. I'm begging you to f**k me until I come."

"There. That's what I wanted to hear," he said, driving into her, feeling her tighten around him. With one hand holding her hip, he moved his other hand around to the front, touching her where she needed it most. She grabbed his wrist instantly, adjusting the rhythm of his hand.

"You like that?"

"Yes," she said, in a raspy voice.

"Should I stop then?"

"No," she said, her voice worried. "Please don't stop."

"Are you sure?" he teased as he moved in and out of her.

"I'm begging you. I'm begging you not to stop."

"Just this once then," he teased, and kept up the motions, rocking into her glorious wetness and touching her, his body pressed against her, feeling as if he were surrounding her, with pleasure, with sensations, with the purity of the absolute and perfect chemistry that existed between the two of them. He loved that she couldn't control this, that she didn't want to turn it off, that she couldn't even grasp a single way to play cool and calm Sutton. She was hot and wild Sutton. She was needy Sutton. She was burning, fiery Sutton whose body cried out for him to bring her to the wildest and fiercest of places-to that far edge of want. With one final thrust, and one slide of his fingers she gasped, shuddered, and came so hard on him that he could literally feel the intensity of her orgasm spread throughout her body, and that was all it took for him to finish off too.

Chapter Eleven

Janelle opened the door as Sutton pulled up her panties. She shrieked. "Oh my god."

Sutton's face burned with embarrassment. She couldn't even look at Reeve and see if he'd gotten his pants up in time. She didn't even know where the condom was.

Janelle glowered at the two of them. She had one hand on the door and one on her hip. Her frosty expression made it clear they'd crossed a line.

"You two were f**king in my wine closet?" she asked, punctuating each word with what felt like a verbal lashing.

Sutton gulped and nodded. They'd been caught red-handed. There was no way she could deny what they'd just done. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Reeve jamming something into his pocket. It must be the used condom. She cringed, and had no clue how Reeve would sweet talk his way out of this with Janelle.

The icy woman shook her head in a tsk-tsk gesture. "What am I supposed to do with the two of you?"

"Um..." Sutton began, but she didn't know what to say or how to answer.

"No. I mean it. You can't keep your hands off each other."

Sutton looked down at her boots, embarrassed.

"It's constant between the two of you. In the balcony of the theater, and then in the library. You two can't stop touching each other."

"I'm sorry," Sutton said in a small, meek voice. She was an idiot. What had she done? She'd focused so much on playing the part of believable mates that she hadn't stopped to think how they'd crossed the lines of propriety.

But wait. Had Janelled watched it all? The library too? Was Reeve right in his earlier assessment?

"Don't be," Janelle said in a harsh voice.

"What?"

"Don't be sorry," Janelle said, then a sly smile appeared on her face. "You did exactly what I wanted you to do. I have had such a wonderful week watching the two of you. I have never enjoyed spying on a hot, young couple in the throes of passion more than I have enjoyed the two of you."

Sutton's jaw dropped. Her eyes widened, and she was, quite simply, gobsmacked. Because Janelle was indeed a peeping tom. Janelle had followed them around and watched them. She was a naughty, bawdy, dirty, pervert.

"I'll make sure you get the job, Ms. Brenner. And as for you, you handsome young thing," Janelle said to Reeve. "I don't know which role yet, but consider yourself cast in Escorted Lives."

Sutton had never seen Reeve so elated. So emotional. He ordered another round of drinks at Dahlia's, the bar where they'd gone to celebrate. She'd always had a hunch she'd win the job, but she knew it was a bigger gamble for him to win a role, though Janelle hadn't specified which part. Still, he was simply glowing. His eyes were bright, and he was filled with the joy of a little boy on Christmas morning. She knew that look-she'd seen it in the eyes of every actor she'd ever cast. That was what an actor wanted more than anything-a role. Reeve had been down on his luck, and now he was on top of the world. He had to be feeling the purest of emotions right now. Full and utter elation.

"We pulled it off, Sutton! We pulled it off, babe." He pumped a fist in the air, then winked at her. "And I told you she was a peeping tom. Was I right or was I right? She might have cut her husband off, but she's been feeding her own fantasies by watching other people. Isn't that crazy?"

"Totally," Sutton said and smiled. Janelle was an odd one, but then everyone had her own kink.

Reeve grabbed Sutton and kissed her hard on the mouth, and she gave in for a moment to the feel of him. When he ended the kiss he pounded his fist on the bar and shouted "Best night of my life."

It was a very good night for her too. That was true. But yet, he hadn't said anything more about the two of them. She'd admitted in the wine closet that she wasn't pretending, that she had real feelings for him. Wouldn't now be the perfect moment for them to figure out what was next? Would they spend more time together? But as the night wore on, Reeve never mentioned where they would go from here.

He was still in his celebratory mood, happy and toasting everyone and everything. Except for them.

To Sutton, this seemed to be the first unimpeachable show of emotion from Reeve. The first unquestionable one. This was the moment when she was sure he wasn't acting. And because she was sure now, that made her all the more unsure of every moment this past week that had come before.

Suddenly, she had a horrible headache and had to go home.

Chapter Twelve

Women were confusing. Sutton was supposed to be happy. She got the gig she wanted, and they were both open about liking each other, right? Reeve scratched his head as he looked at the letters in front of him on the Scrabble tiles. How the hell was he playing Scrabble? Oh right. Because Sutton had ignored his calls. Because she'd come down with that headache. Because women made no f**king sense. So he'd trucked it over to Jill's apartment and now it was Sunday afternoon, two days after the most epic sex and most epic night of his life, and he was playing Scrabble with Jill, her roommate Kat and her roommate's boyfriend, who probably hated him because he'd hit on Kat that one night several weeks ago.

He didn't even like Scrabble. But Jill said the game would help take her mind off the fact that she was about to sing and act with Patrick Carlson in an audition for a Frederick Stillman musical tomorrow. He understood the crazy kind of nerves and mind games you played with yourself as an actor, so he'd said yes to Scrabble.

"Jihad!" Kat declared as she placed four tiles around an "h."

"Damn. Your prowess with words makes me hot," Bryan said and looped his arms around her waist and dived in for a kiss.

Jill looked at Reeve and rolled her eyes. "It's been like this for the last few days. Ever since they came out of the closet as boyfriend-girlfriend, they make googly eyes and practice PDA like it's going out of style."

Bryan pointed a finger at Jill. "Hey. PDA with my woman is never going out of style."

"Stop it, Bryan," Kat said but she elbowed him in a way that made it clear she didn't want him to stop. "And let the record reflect that not only did I score an awesome word, I got a triple letter for J and a double word score so add it up, babies. Add. It. Up. That is 64 points for moi."

"See? When you find a woman who has brains and beauty, you don't let her go."

"Yeah, you learned that lesson, didn't you?" Kat said to Bryan in a playful, but pointed way.

"Learned it, and will live the good side forever and ever now."

"God, I think I'm going to gag. I also think I need a coffee. Kat, come with me to the bodega," Jill said as she stood up.

Kat shrugged. "If you need an escort for coffee, then I insist we go someplace with macchiattos."

"Works for me. We'll be back in fifteen. You boys want something?" Jill asked.

"Nah, I'm good," Bryan said.

"Same here," Reeve added, and the girls were gone.

There was an awkward moment, and Reeve wasn't sure if he should apologize for having hit on Kat before or just talk about sports, the natural guy conversational lubricant. "Think the Yankees have a shot next year?"

Bryan nodded. "Hell yeah. The Yankees have a shot every year."

There was another pause, but Bryan jumped in. "So you and Jill have been buddies for a long time?"

Reeve nodded. "A couple years, but we became tighter when we did Les Mis."

"She's cool. Kat thinks the world of her."

"Yeah, so speaking of Kat, I guess you hate me because I asked her out for a drink once."

Bryan laughed quickly and shook his head. "No, not at all."

Reeve held up his hands. "She turned me down, dude. I swear."

"We are good, Reeve. Trust me, we're all good on this." Bryan held out his hand for an official let-the-past-be-the-past shake. "What about Jill though? Are you into her?"

"Funny. Everyone asks me that, but we're really just friends."

"Are you...?" Bryan let the question trail off.

"I just told you I hit on your girlfriend and you're asking if I'm g*y? No!"

Bryan shrugged. "You never know. Whatever works, I say."

"Besides, there's someone else. At least I thought there was."

Bryan nodded. "Ah. The picture becomes clear now. What's the story?"

Reeve didn't want to get into the details. He'd already been there with Jill. Besides, it was too complicated and confusing, so he kept it simple as he fiddled with some Scrabble tiles. "She's hot and cold, and I don't know why. But I think it's because she doesn't know or doesn't believe that I'm really into her. It's this weird thing with actors. It's like, sometimes the people you go out with never really trust you because they always think you're acting."

"That kind of sucks," Bryan said.

"Yeah."

"But listen, are you into her?"

"Hell yeah."

"Then you have to let her know."

"I thought I had."

"Maybe you thought you had, but if she's not sure, make it clear," Bryan said and there was something emphatic in his voice, like he was a preacher speaking from the pulpit. "Trust me on this. I f**ked up with that girl," he said and pointed in the direction of the door to indicate Kat. "I let her go for a stupid reason. I thought I was doing the right thing, but I was an ass. And I regretted it for five years. I'm even friends with her brother. I knew she'd graduated college and that I should try to reach out to her again, but I didn't have the guts to ask him how she was doing. It's like I was paralyzed with stupidity. So I just Googled her now and then. I read about her business. And even if I had asked her brother, I doubt he would have helped because I'd never told him in the first place I was in love with his sister. So at that point, you know what I had to do to get her back?"

"What did you have to do?"

Bryan shook his head and laughed. "I went to NYU and I signed up for this mentorship class. I knew she was at school there, and I figured it was the best chance I had just to spend time with her. To get to know her again. And I got matched with her, and it was a crazy time for my company. We were being sued and my business partner turned out to be insane, but in the end it brought us back together. And I had to lay it out there with her. I had to tell her how I felt. That it was always her. That I'd always loved her. That she was the one for me."

"Good for you. That's awesome. 'Cause, obviously, she's pretty damn happy."

"I'm pretty damn happy. So listen, whether you love this chick or just like her, you need to make it abundantly clear. Put your heart on a goddamn platter and give her the choice to be with you."

Reeve stood up. "You are a steely-eyed missile man. Or a wise man. Or Yoda. Or something. I'm gonna go find her."

"One more thing," Bryan said from his post on the couch. "Don't show up empty handed. Bring her a gift. But not flowers or chocolate. Get her something that matters to her."

Something that matters to her.

Reeve knew exactly what that was.

"Is this going to fit?"

He held up the sweater thing and asked the saleswoman.

She nodded. "Yes, for that size and weight. It'll be a perfect fit."

"Okay. Can you wrap it? But nothing too girly. Maybe just a black bow or something?"

The saleswoman nodded, and minutes later she handed him the gift. He paid for it, thanked her, and ran the few blocks from the Madison Avenue shop to Sutton's apartment building. He buzzed once and waited. There was no answer. He called her. She didn't pick up her phone. Damn, this was going to hell quickly. So much for his big gesture. He looked down at the gift. Was it even the right big gesture?

He buzzed once more, but was met with silence.

"Come along, darling. Let's go home and have some dinner."

He smiled to himself at the sound of her voice, then turned around. She was looking the other way as The Artful Dodger sniffed a bush. She looked adorable in her jeans and pullover jacket. She had a scarf around her neck, and her hair was down. He loved her hair. He wanted to bury his face in her hair, and run his fingers through those beautiful strands.

He ran down the steps and stopped in front of her.

"Oh." She seemed taken aback to see him.

"Hi."

"Hello."

"How are you?"

"I'm great. How are you? Are you so excited about the movie? I bet your agent is thrilled. I'm so proud of you. I knew you could do it."

Reeve placed a hand on her arm. "You're babbling. You're making small talk. You're chatting about business. I'm not here on business reasons. I'm here on personal reasons," he said and smiled at her. He hoped she knew the smile was for her. That it was for real. But hoping and wishing wouldn't be enough. "Sutton, I stand by what I said in the wine closet. You are the most stubborn and complicated woman I have ever known. But I also want to get to know you. I want to know the real you. I want to walk your dog with you and find out how you drink your coffee, and I want to see what you look like in the morning, and even if you think you don't look hot in the mornings, I already know you're wrong because you are always hot to me. I said yes to the job because I had a thing for you. I had a crush on you. And then I spent a week with you, and now I have a hell of a lot more than a crush on you."

He watched her as her features softened, as her hard shell started to break. "What do you mean more than a crush?"

He rolled his eyes. "Sutton Brenner, I. LIKE. YOU. Okay? Not like fake fiance like. Not like pretend boyfriend like. Not like an actor-trying-to-get-a-role like. I have fallen into mad like with you. And I have no idea if you like me back, okay? You needed something from me and yet it's like you doubted me every step of the way, and I could be making a complete ass of myself and reading everything wrong, and maybe it was only one way. Maybe it was only me for you. But if you like me at all too, then let's just see what happens when we're not trying to get something?"

Sutton muttered something in a small voice.

Reeve shook his head. "I didn't hear you."

"I'm sorry I was difficult. I'm sorry I was infuriating. I'm sorry I was hot and cold."

"It's okay," Reeve said and moved closer to her. He glanced down and saw The Artful Dodger wagging his tail. "Your dog looks happy."

"He's always happy," Sutton said with a smile. "He's also especially happy when I'm happy."

"Are you then? Happy?"

She nodded. "I like you too," she said, and he knew how hard it was for her to say those words.

"For real?"

"For real. So for real it's like beyond real," she said. "I like you almost as much as I like my dog."

Reeve wrapped her in an embrace. "Now that's saying a lot. And speaking of, I got him a gift."

Sutton's fingers nervously undid the ribbon. Her heart was fluttering and her body was singing, and she felt so foolish for having doubted him. She'd been falling for her actor boy, falling so hard she'd feared how much it would hurt. Now, he was here and he had a gift for her dog. She held the leash tightly in one hand as she opened the box.

She gasped when she saw what was inside. A perfect navy blue fleece coat for the winter months. She pulled it out quickly. "It's the perfect size for him! How did you know his size?"

Reeve shrugged. "Told you I was good with sizes. I took a wild guess that he was about nine pounds. Was I right?"

"He's exactly nine pounds! You got my dog a gift," she said and maybe it seemed small, and maybe it seemed silly, but the fact was Reeve knew the way to her heart was through her dog. "I can't wait to put it on him. Let's get rid of this old ratty coat and take him for a walk in his new one." Then she stopped talking and her nerves came back. "That is, if you want to?"

"Sutton Brenner, I went into a dog accessory shop on Madison Avenue. Yes, I want to walk your dog with you. But there's also something I want you to do for me."

"Yes?"

"I want you to ask me to spend the night with you, and I want you to let me stay over."

She blushed. "Reeve, will you spend the night with me?"

He nodded, and leaned in to brush his lips against hers. It felt good. It felt right. It felt real.

Epilogue

Present Day

The metal dug into his wrists. The bright lights shone on him. He was handcuffed to the bedpost, wearing only his boxer briefs and cowboy boots. Because that's what the script dictated the lead actor in Escorted Lives should wear in this scene. And Reeve had not only won a part, as Janelle had promised, he'd won the starring role.

"Tell me when it hurts."

"Doesn't hurt," he said.

A pair of hands wrapped around him, tugging on each end of the handcuffs, tightening them. He felt another pair of hands slide up his back. He sucked in a breath. He could have acted. He could have pretended it didn't feel great when Sutton Brenner touched him. But it did, it had and it probably always would. Even now, four months later, four months into their real relationship, everything with her was amazing, right down to the real ring he'd put on her finger last week. They weren't fake fiances anymore. They'd fallen fast into real like during that one week, and even faster into real love in the months that followed.

But she wasn't acting in the film with him so she stepped back to take her post with the crew and watch the pivotal scene as the leading client had his way with her male escort. Somewhere, along with the crew too, was Janelle, the peeping tom. She was quite the voyeur, but then everyone had their peccadilloes.

Reeve and Sutton had theirs. They'd done plenty of wild things in their time together, but Reeve's favorite and Sutton's too was when he asked her to beg for it. She always did, and he always made sure she was rewarded.

Then they'd fall asleep together, and wake up together, and go to dinner and the movies and dog walks together, and every real second with her was as excellent as every pretend second had been.

Better, actually.

But for now, he put Sutton and their times out of his mind. He had a role to play. A job to do. He was an actor, and he was giving it his all as the camera started to roll.

