CHAPTER 1

Tuesday the fifth was rapidly turning into the worst day of Abbey's life. She'd quit her job, discovered her boyfriend (who was also her boss) had slept with her friend, and she was about to have sex with a complete stranger.

In front of a hidden camera.

Surely it wouldn't come to that. Lucy had assured her she probably wouldn't have to go that far. But 'probably' was still too likely as far as Abbey was concerned.

Standing outside a stranger's hotel room wearing her shortest skirt, her highest heels, and laciest lingerie, Abbey suddenly wished she'd tried harder to find a job. She could wait tables, deliver pizza or clean houses-anything that paid her bills.

This job was paying her bills, she reminded herself. It may not be in her chosen career path, but it was easier than waiting tables and as Lucy had said, no experience was necessary. Besides, it was too late to think about getting another job now. She needed the money, and this was the best offer she'd had so far.

Okay, so it was the only job offer, and she'd only been unemployed for about ten hours, but money was so tight her credit card could hardly breathe. If only that bastard of a boyfriend and boss hadn't cheated on her, she wouldn't have been forced to quit and she wouldn't be standing outside a stranger's door in such a revealing outfit. This was definitely all his fault.

When Lucy, a private investigator and her best friend, offered her the job when her regular girl called in sick, Abbey jumped at the chance. It paid half of what Lucy would receive from her client and it might lead to another job, if she did it right. If she wanted another one.

At least Lucy had assured her she wouldn't have to get completely naked. Not if she didn't want to. All Abbey had to do was get the man into a compromising position long enough for Lucy to get some good shots, then she could get out of there.

Abbey took a deep breath and clenched her fist to knock.

Hell, what was she doing? This was insane. She wasn't a hooker. She wasn't even comfortable looking at her naked body in the mirror. And Lucy expected her to undress in front of this man? A total stranger?

Abbey sucked in a deep breath then let it out slowly to calm her nerves. She had to do this. She needed to do this.

She knocked. Waited. She hiked down her skirt, suddenly ashamed of its death-defying height, and mentally ran through her lines. Maybe it wasn't too late to leave...

The door opened and a disheveled man glared back at her.

Abbey gasped despite her nerves. He was gorgeous, and he was dressed in nothing but a hotel-issue towel wrapped around lean hips. His muscular chest was tanned and a sprinkling of black hair tapered down to into the towel.

Well. At least he was already undressed. That was half her problem solved.

"What?" It was a demand, not a question.

"Um," Abbey swallowed and tore her gaze away. "My name's Abbey." She turned on a bright smile. "I'm here to inform you, Mr. Vane, that you've been selected to receive a free massage, compliments of Le Miridian hotel management."

The man, Damien Vane, scanned her from head to toe, lingering over her bra-less br**sts and her exposed thighs. Abbey felt her face heat up, but she didn't move.

This was good. From the spark in his eyes and the quick jerk of his Adam's apple, she could tell he liked what he saw.

But instead of inviting her in, he shook his head and began to close the door.

"Wait!" She pushed on the door. He waited impatiently. "It's free," she said weakly.

"No thanks. I just arrived in Melbourne, I'm tired and I want to get some sleep. I don't need a massage."

He began to close the door again and Abbey panicked. She wanted to get this over with and collect the money from Lucy's client. If she didn't...

Abbey didn't want to think of the alternative. Moving in with her mother was definitely not something she wanted to experience again. Ever.

Anyway, the guy was damned cute.

She stuck her hand in the door. It closed on her fingers.

The scream that followed was broken only by the most vulgar expletives Abbey could think of. It wasn't entirely an act-jammed fingers didn't tickle-but it wasn't as painful as she made out.

It worked. The door flew open.

"Jeez, are you all right?"

Her hand was caught by two large ones and gingerly inspected. For a thrilling moment she thought he was going to kiss them better, but he didn't.

A girl could dream though couldn't she?

Now that the door was completely open, she could get a better look at him. He was a lot younger than his profile suggested, and he oozed masculine power. He was tall, with a chest built for manual labor and shoulders for leaning on. Dark stubble dappled his chin and his black, tousled hair needed a comb run through it.

Or her fingers.

"Come inside," he said quickly, ushering her in. "Run them under cold water."

He led her into the hotel room and she heard the door slam behind her, minus her fingers this time. He showed her into the bathroom, still steamy from his shower, and turned on the cold water tap. He gently guided her fingers under the cool rush.

"How's that?" he asked.

Abbey glanced up and caught him watching her reflection in the mirror above the sink. Their eyes locked for a long moment and Abbey saw something in them that she liked. Something mysterious, sensuous.

Warm tingles rushed down her spine and sent the blood pumping in her veins. Her entire body heated up under that stare. She was caught, mesmerized like a moth in a circle of light. It gave her a rush.

Suddenly, he let go of her hand, as if it had bitten him.

"Okay?" he asked, turning away and reaching for a towel from the rack.

Abbey blushed as she thought about taking off the one he wore. Something told her that his bottom half would be just as sexy as the top.

"Fine," she managed to say, accepting the towel. "Thanks for taking care of me."

"You know you should've been more careful. You could've done some serious damage."

I could've done some serious damage? Abbey wanted to say, but refrained. Arguing with Damien Vane wasn't going to make him want her. And she needed for him to want her.

Badly.

"You're right," she muttered.

"Are you sure your fingers are okay?"

Abbey wiggled them and nodded. "All attached."

"Good. Next time be more careful." He paused, still watching her. One eyebrow rose and he coughed politely. Her cue to leave.

She ignored it.

"How about that massage now?" Abbey cringed at the high pitch of her voice. She sounded like a bimbo, desperate to bed this man. It wasn't far from the truth. She did feel a little stupid today, especially after finding out about Tarken and Melinda, considering everyone in the office had known about their affair for weeks.

Damien Vane grinned. Actually, it was more of a smirk, but it did produce one cute dimple on his cheek. "Persistent aren't you?"

It wasn't a flat out refusal. Could he be wavering? If he was, it was time to go in for the kill.

"I just want to give you your prize from hotel management. They'd be most upset to find out I didn't deliver."

"I guess..." Damien glanced from Abbey to the doorway, as if realizing there was no escape.

"I won't bite." She grinned, and touched his bare arm. His skin was warm and smooth. "Come into the bedroom where you'll be more comfortable." She took his hand the way he'd taken hers a moment ago.

He snapped it away. "How about the lounge?"

"That'll be fine too."

She led the way out of the bathroom, using her best bottom-wiggling walk which she hoped looked seductive and not as ridiculous as it felt. In the lounge room of the Executive Suite she stopped by the window and opened the blinds.

He crossed his arms and glared at her as if she were a fool. "What are you doing?"

Great, his sympathy was drying up fast. Time to make her move. Abbey turned to him, leaned forward and lowered her lashes and her voice to a seductive whisper. "I like to do this by moonlight."

"Moonlight?" He peered out the window and up at the dark sky. "I think the moon's gone behind the clouds."

"It'll come out again soon. This is Melbourne. You Sydney-siders don't know how the weather can change down here." She snapped her fingers. "Like that."

His large, black eyes narrowed, watching her. Studying her. It was unnerving but thrilling at the same time. She hoped he liked what he saw. Why wouldn't he? She'd never worn an outfit so daring, so revealing, in her life and her body was quite good, if not supermodel hot.

From the way Vane looked at her, she got the impression he thought so too. Like a compass pointing to magnetic north, he couldn't keep his eyes off her.

"How did you know I was from Sydney?" he asked, suddenly focusing on her eyes.

"Um, management told me."

He nodded slightly. His gaze shifted down again, lingering around her br**sts and Abbey suddenly wished she hadn't worn such a revealing top. She also wished she'd worn a bra because her ni**les were puckering -and not because she was cold. In fact, she was far from it. Her body felt like it was sizzling and his intense gaze wasn't cooling her down any.

"You sure you're a masseur?"

His eyes traveled lower to her waist where a patch of flesh was revealed between top and skirt, and down to the hem of the mini skimming her thighs just below her butt.

"An official hotel masseur?"

His eyes flew to her face and Abbey swallowed.

"Of course," she said, walking over to the phone beside the couch. She picked up the receiver. "Call reception if you like."

Damien Vane strode over and for a sickening moment, Abbey thought he was going to call her bluff. But he reached for the receiver, took it from her fingers and placed it back in its cradle.

He looked down at Abbey with that stare which entranced her and heated her to boiling point. "I believe you." His voice was low, dangerous. "I don't know anyone in Melbourne. No one who'd send me a ... masseur, already paid for."

"Good," she said lightly, ignoring the implication that she was there to give him more than just a massage.

"Let's just get one thing straight," he said, his tone back to its deep hum. "I've never had a...massage...before and if this one isn't what I expect then I'll ask you to leave. Got it?"

Abbey nodded. Damn. The implication that he would refuse her if she gave him anything more than a massage came through loud and clear. So he thought he had willpower of steel, huh? She'd just see about that. Let him try to resist Abbey McPherson in full sensuality mode.

"Sit," she ordered. He sat on the couch and she knelt beside him.

Lucky for her the couch was facing the window, although there was another chair in the way. She stood and moved it.

"So I can see the moon when it finally appears," she said.

He eyed her as if she were a nut job then bent his head forward, waiting patiently for her to touch him.

She did, and the same tingle zinged through her as when he'd looked at her in the bathroom mirror. It started at her fingertips, where his flesh met hers, and rippled up her arms, into her br**sts, her stomach and thighs.

Abbey sucked in air and willed herself to concentrate. She couldn't let passion take over-she had a job to do. Besides, he was a complete stranger. A sleazy one, so Lucy had told her, and married.

She kneaded his shoulders and neck, rubbing the muscle, enjoying the way it rippled beneath her fingers. Damien Vane had fabulous skin. Smooth, unblemished with a golden tan. She pressed harder and was delighted, and surprised, to hear a small moan. Surprised because she didn't have a clue what she was doing.

When it felt like his body was softening up and relaxing under her, her left hand roamed around to his chest and played with the tiny hairs. She pushed her own chest into his back and rubbed until her ni**les peaked.

His body stiffened.

Abbey's heart rate doubled and she hoped he couldn't feel it. This was it. He was either going to throw her out or cave in. Most men would cave in, and going by his file at Lucy's office, this man should too. The list of mistresses, supplied by his really pissed-off wife, was too long to fit in the database.

But he didn't seem to be relaxing anymore. Quite the opposite, he seemed to be growing tense, and Abbey started to panic. A massage with them both fully clothed probably wasn't explicit enough for Lucy's purposes. She needed photos, the sexier the better, to send to his wife in Sydney.

Try again, Abbey.

Her hand returned to his back and continued kneading. She looked up at the window and mouthed the word "sorry" to Lucy who would be watching her through her camera lens from the office building across the road.

Abbey needed to go slower. Not just so this man was relaxed beyond suspicion, but to also calm her own racing nerves.

She could hear Lucy's words, spoken to her just before she entered Le Meridian. "Just enjoy yourself, Abbey. You're going to be in the Executive Suite of a five star hotel with an attractive man. Just let whatever happens, happen."

"But what if he, you know, expects me to have sex with him?"

"Just do it, Girl," Lucy had said. "Enjoy unadulterated sex with a complete stranger. For once, let yourself go. You deserve it after what you've been through. No strings, no expectations, no waiting by the phone tomorrow. Trust me, it's exhilarating."

Sure, that was all right for Lucy to say. She'd always been the wild child, the love 'em and leave 'em type, even seven years ago at University. Lucy knew how to get a man to want her more than he wanted anything else. She'd have Vane begging for it right about now.

All Abbey could manage was a moan.

Damien's head rolled forward. His hair was cut short but had enough length in it to be sexy. The back of his neck was long, perfectly arched and smooth. So very smooth beneath her fingers.

Her touch lightened, changing from the hard rub to a gentle brush. She ran her finger from his hairline, down the curve of his spine to where it disappeared into his towel. Then using her palm, she took the same route back up, slowly. She marveled at the smoothness of his skin, the way he shivered, just slightly, and the way tiny goosebumps formed on the flesh she touched.

She rubbed both her hands along each shoulder admiring the hard muscle, then bent forward and kissed him lightly on the back of the neck. He didn't move. In fact, he was completely still.

Too still.

She gave him another kiss in the same place, this time using her tongue, savoring the tastes of citrus soap and sexy man.

Her kisses continued down his neck, onto his right shoulder, all the while tasting, devouring. He turned so that he sat sideways on the couch with his back to her, one knee on the cushion.

Abbey settled herself in behind him, touching his bare back with both hands and pressing her br**sts into him.

Damien let out a ragged breath, his head came back, and Abbey could hear him sucking in air.

Good, she thought. It was working.

But not only on him.

Abbey's ni**les screamed to be released from beneath her top. She almost obliged. She wanted to feel skin on skin, but she was all too aware of that camera with the telephoto lens on the other side of the road.

She let her hands slip around Damien's waist. Instead of flinching, this time he pushed back into her, as if he wanted to feel her ni**les, harden them. She played with his, twisting them into points, and was gratified to get a gasp in return.

He was hot, she realized. Ready. He was getting as much enjoyment out of this as ... she was.

No, this was not supposed to happen. She was not supposed to enjoy it! Sex with a complete stranger was wrong. Bad.

Abbey was never bad.

Then again, he wasn't a complete stranger. She'd read his file...

She closed her eyes, but they flew open again when Damien's hand brushed her leg. It moved higher, stroking, caressing the bare flesh.

Her own breath had become ragged now. The higher that hand moved the more she realized she wanted him. She wanted to push him down on the couch and ride him until they were both spent.

Control, Abbey. Get a grip.

But control was long gone. The higher that hand went, on its too-slow journey, the less control she had.

Her heart was racing now, thudding against Damien's back, and her skin felt papery thin, fragile, as her nerve endings screamed for his touch.

Damien half turned toward her to get into a better position so his hand could continue. It moved upwards and inside, under her skirt, heading higher.

Then it stopped.

She caught her breath and her gaze rose to his face. He was looking at her. Dark, hooded eyes glazed with heat and passion flashed back at her, questioning her.

In answer, she moved, just an inch, but it was enough, and his fingers brushed against the film of lace. She drew in a sharp breath and her nails dug into the muscles of his back.

More. She wanted those fingers higher, inside her. She wished she'd dispensed with the underpants tonight as well as the bra to make his job easier.

Damien obliged her need and rubbed, his fingers dipping into her wetness, the lace offering little barrier. Abbey moved her hips so his fingers slid further inside. She was almost kneeling on the couch beside him now, and his face was at her br**sts.

She took his head in both her hands and gently pulled him to her. He licked at one nipple through her tight top and it puckered, begging for more. He focused for a moment on the other one, drawing it into his mouth, sucking, nibbling.

Abbey's gasp shocked even herself. And it was enough to bring her crashing back to earth.

This wasn't right. She was supposed to be seducing him, not the other way around. And although Lucy may have got some great shots already, she'd stressed the part about getting him naked. And he wasn't. Not yet.

With a sigh of regret, Abbey released herself from Damien's fingers and his tongue and concentrated on him instead.

She unwrapped the towel from his waist and drew it open, exposing the steadily beating, hard as a rock, erection. It was up, straight up, almost flat against his stomach. It begged to be stroked, caressed, licked.

He let out a sigh then a tiny moan as she took it into her palm. He leaned back into the couch and closed his eyes as Abbey explored with her fingers, lightly touching the ridges, the veins, the smooth tip.

His breathing became loud, forced, and his eyelids fluttered.

"That feels so good," he whispered. "Don't stop. Please."

The plead made her heart thump. It was as if he hadn't felt a woman's hand there in a long time. As if he wanted-no, needed-it to go on, until the end.

She watched his face as her hand massaged. The muscles along his square jaw jumped and his sensuous lips parted.

Damien Vane was a gorgeous man. No wonder he had so many women. The thought of that long list of mistresses, and the angry wife, made Abbey's hand miss a beat.

But Damien didn't appear to notice. His Adam's apple leaped once, twice, and his hand found Abbey's leg again. He pushed her skirt up the short distance it needed to go so he could get his hand inside. He rubbed against the damp panties, pressing her swollen folds.

Abbey closed her eyes, then forced them open. She removed her hand from Damien and stood, nearly overbalanced, then wobbled on her high heels to the window. If she was going to take this further, she at least wanted to keep some of her dignity.

"What are you doing?" Damien asked thickly.

She closed the blinds and turned back to him. He looked like a pagan God, sitting naked on the couch, his legs parted, his manhood standing to attention.

"The moon's too bright." The sound of her voice surprised her-it was heavy with lust.

She pulled the tiny top over her head then unzipped the tight skirt, wiggling it down her bottom and thighs and letting it puddle at her feet. She hooked her thumbs into her lacy thong, and began to lower them too, but Damien, entranced by the show, held up his hand.

"Stop," he said huskily. "Turn around."

Something in his voice made her obey. His was a voice used to commanding, used to getting him his own way. Usually she hated being spoken to that way, but not tonight. Tonight she wanted to obey every command he gave to bring the evening to its logical, inevitable and very satisfying conclusion.

She turned, slowly, giving him full view of her butt and the cotton thong slicing her cheeks in half.

Aware of his black eyes on her, she did something she'd never done for any man. She swayed to a rhythm in her head. With her back facing him, Abbey ran her hands down her waist, round her gyrating hips and placed one on each cheek. She let them explore across her skin, enjoying the way she felt and knowing he wanted to do the same. She glanced over her shoulder, cheekily giving him a view of her br**sts and behind at the same time.

His face was distorted with desire as he stood, mesmerized. She turned to face him fully.

"I want you," he whispered.

He was a man used to getting what he wanted, she could tell. Who was she to deny him?

"And I want you," she heard herself say.

"Good. Two adults, mutual consent. There's nothing wrong with this."

"Nothing at all," Abbey agreed and lifted her mouth to meet his descending one.

The kiss was a scorcher. It burned her lips, seared her tongue, sent hot flames licking her body. At first it was urgent, brutal, as if he was satisfying a pent-up need, then it slowed but remained intense and hot. He kissed like an expert.

Without their mouths parting, Damien picked Abbey up and she wrapped her legs around his waist, his erection pressing into her. He carried her into the bedroom, placed her on the bed, and kissed her fiercely.

When his lips traveled downward, Abbey sucked in a breath in anticipation. When he reached her ni**les, she bunched the sheets in her hand and held on. He took each one into his mouth and nibbled, licked, sucked until the little points were red and raw but wanting more.

He cupped one breast and squeezed, then did the same with the other. Abbey moaned as tiny tingles shot across her skin.

Then Damien's tongue moved down again. He licked her stomach, her bellybutton. Then moved down.

Down.

He caught her thong in his teeth and pulled the thin fabric over her legs as she arched herself off the mattress. He tossed them on the floor. Then he returned to his explorations between her thighs.

His tongue lunged, round, in, out, and Abbey heard a moan. Hers.

Finally he settled on licking up and down, setting her on a course to pure ecstasy. Her moans grew louder, and her body began to rock to the rhythm set by Damien's tongue.

The rush of tingles took her by surprise. Starting in her toes, it sped to where his tongue laved, up to her ni**les, her throat, her face. She arched her back, and he cried out as her orgasm swamped her.

Panting, she lay on the bed, wanting more. She hauled him up toward her, kissed him roughly as he settled himself above her, and guided him into her wetness.

His smooth, thick tip dipped in, then suddenly withdrew.

"What's the matter?" she asked hoarsely.

"No condom. You?" He spoke in short, sharp bursts, as if too harried to get any more words out.

"No. Maybe the hotel-"

He shook his head. "I can't wait." He looked down at her, his eyes glazed and shining. She read the message loud and clear.

She pushed him gently and he flipped over onto his back.

Abbey reached down to undo the buckles on the high heels she still wore, but he caught her arm and pulled her back up to him.

"Leave them on. If I'm going to do this, I'm going to do it right."

Abbey had no idea what he meant by that and she didn't care. She wanted to give this man the pleasure he'd just given her. The pleasure that came from having no strings attached, no cares other than what's happening right now.

She kissed him hard, then followed the path similar to the one he'd traveled on her. Down his throat, across to each nipple, sucking and biting, then down through the sparse sprinkling of black chest hairs to his flat stomach.

He groaned when she reached her target, taking him into her mouth. Tasting him, rolling him around her tongue. Within moments his groans had intensified, and before long he was shuddering. Finally, his entire body convulsed as raw energy flowed out of him.

Abbey joined him, lying beside him on the bed. Mission accomplished. Well and truly accomplished.

Damien wrapped his arms around her and stifled a yawn as he settled against her br**sts, kissing a nipple absently. She curled into his body, enjoying the heat of him and the sound of his steadily beating heart. She didn't want to move, not yet. This felt good. Too good.

First she'd have a rest on the large bed, then she'd go find Lucy, see if she got some good shots.

And she'd try her hardest to forget about Damien Vane and this night of steamy sex with a complete stranger.

CHAPTER 2

Nick Delaware rolled onto the other side of the bed. Empty.

His eyes flew open. Definitely empty. He thought about calling out -maybe she was in the bathroom -but he didn't want to appear desperate. He wasn't desperate. He just liked to know what was going on at all times. And right now, he didn't have a clue.

He got up, opened the bathroom door and peered in. Empty. Same with the lounge and the kitchenette. The woman had definitely left.

Nick sighed and ran a hand through his hair. Who the hell was she? More importantly, what was she? The masseur giving freebies courtesy of the hotel was almost certainly a line. But why lie?

And why was she so eager to sleep with him?

Eager she definitely was. No preliminaries, no small talk, nothing. She'd easily slipped into having sex with him as if she expected it to happen. Wanted it to happen. It didn't add up. In his experience, women didn't have sex with strange men within moments of meeting them.

But he hadn't exactly refused her offer either. In fact, he hadn't even put up a fight, or even asked any questions. Now that was stupid. Since when did Nick Delaware jump into something he wasn't absolutely certain about? He always made sure he knew exactly what was going on at all times, in all the deals he made.

Except he'd never been confronted with this sort of woman before. And certainly not in this type of situation.

Whatever that situation was. All he knew was that he'd just had great o**l s*x with a woman he didn't know. But why?

The only reason he could come up with was one he didn't like. She'd expected to have sex with him, she didn't bother with preliminaries, she didn't want to get to know him first-she just dove right in, so to speak. Which meant she could only be one thing.

A hooker.

Nick shook his head, angry at himself for succumbing to that sort of woman. And so easily.

But she'd been good. Damn good. What man could resist in the face of that body, those intense blue eyes, mischievous mouth... He hadn't stood a chance against the-

Wait. He frowned. He hadn't paid her.

He strode to the small table beside the bed and opened the top drawer. His leather wallet was exactly where he'd left it and still contained the same amount of money. Even his credit cards were still there.

So she wasn't a thief. But why had she-Abbey-left without being paid?

It didn't make sense. In fact, none of this made sense, including his own behavior. He was not the sort of man who had sex with strange women. Especially ones he had to pay.

Not that she'd taken any money.

Why hadn't she? Maybe she was prepaid. Perhaps someone had sent her to him and already given her money in advance.

But who? He didn't know anyone in Melbourne and none of his Sydney friends would get a kick out of that kind of joke.

None of them would dare.

Nick drew in a deep breath and lay on the bed again. He could still smell her on the sheets. The sweet, floral scent of expensive perfume and woman. All woman, as he recalled. Damn, she'd felt good. Soft, succulent, sexy. The sort of woman he used to go for in his wilder days -gorgeous, great br**sts, long legs, hair a man could get lost in.

That was over ten years ago. His tastes had mellowed since then. In recent times he preferred the elegant, the sophisticated. A woman who'd gone to the right school and spent her days lunching with friends and looked good on his arm at corporate functions.

Lately, however, work had taken over completely, and even that sort of woman had failed to entice him away from the office for a night out.

But that was how he wanted it. Work was far more satisfying and rewarding than taking some well-bred bimbo out to an expensive restaurant that served a few pieces of lettuce elegantly arranged on a plate and called it dinner, then charged him a fortune for it. Work didn't complain and the conversation was better.

No, there hadn't been a woman he'd wanted to take out for a very long time.

Not that they hadn't tried to take him out. But he always refused. There was too much work to do, especially since he'd taken over Software Solutions. Late nights, early mornings-including weekends-left little time for dates.

Which probably explained why he slept with that girl tonight. Too much bottled-up stress and sexual energy that needed to be released. That must be it. He'd just needed to get primal for awhile and feel a woman beneath him after all these months of celibacy and work.

And how she'd felt beneath him-hot, ready like a firecracker about to go off, and smooth. Those ripe, pink ni**les that he could still taste on his tongue, and those moist lips, parting, throbbing, wanting him.

Like he'd wanted her.

Nick groaned and rolled over, hoping to smother the erection that rose again.

Damn, why had she left while he was asleep? If she'd just stayed around, lain with him on the bed, they could be in the middle of round two by now. He could've gotten hotel management to send up condoms. They could've done it properly this time-he could've entered her, felt her tight wetness sucking him in...

Nick groaned and got up. He tried to dismiss the image of Abbey's naked body from his mind lest he do something he hadn't done since he was a teenager.

Abbey. He didn't even know her last name. He didn't even know why she was there. She'd called him Damien Vane, which meant she didn't know who he really was. Vane, his VP of Marketing who was supposed to be on this trip but had skipped town at the last minute and was probably drunk with some whore somewhere...

Vane! The woman was meant for Vane not him! Someone who knew Vane's penchant for loose, sexy women and someone who didn't mind picking up the tab.

Or maybe Vane was a regular at a local brothel whenever he was in Melbourne. Somewhere where they knew him well enough and he had a running tab. Maybe he organized this little rendezvous in advance. Perhaps the new girl, not having met Vane before, just assumed Nick was him.

For some reason he couldn't quite fathom, it galled him to think that the hot little woman with the killer legs and delicious br**sts was meant for someone else. Someone who'd have no appreciation of her finer points-her bright blue eyes, her masses of chestnut hair and her slightly upturned nose.

Nick shook his head, annoyed at himself. What was he thinking? You aren't supposed to appreciate the finer points of a woman like that.

He sighed. He couldn't believe he'd slept with a hooker.

He glanced at the clock beside the bed. Two AM. He'd best get some sleep. Tomorrow was the first day of the seminar and he had to be in good shape for the presentation. He had all of Vane's notes plus his laptop and he knew everything about the product, probably more than Vane did, thanks to some late nights and thorough briefing over the past few days. He was ready for this. He had to be. The future of Software Solutions, his investment, was riding on it.

Trouble was, how could he sleep with Abbey's taste still on his lips and her face still in his mind?

***

"What do you mean you didn't get it?" Abbey didn't know whether to kill Lucy or hug her.

"The camera's broken." Lucy held up a small, black object that was supposed to be attached to the large camera that stood on a tripod at the window. She shrugged thin, bare shoulders. "Sorry. I sort of dropped it when I was setting up."

"Sorry! You're sorry! I just slept with a complete stranger so you could get those shots and you tell me the damn thing's broken!" Abbey drew in a deep breath and placed both hands on her hips.

Lucy grinned, lighting up her pretty face.

"I knew you slept with him! That's fantastic! He was gorgeous." She hugged her friend. "So the broken camera isn't such a bad thing after all-at least now you'll get to do it all over again."

Abbey laughed despite herself. Trust Lucy to look at it like that. Always the wild one, she could pick up a guy in a bar, sleep with him that night, then never call him again. And not feel bad about it. Abbey couldn't.

Until tonight.

Lucy and Abbey went back a long way. They'd become instant friends when they met at university over ten years ago. Lucy had graduated and joined the police force since she could think of nothing better to do. A year later, she'd quit, stifled by the protocol and paperwork. She'd taken on odd jobs after that, and it was while working in a dry cleaning store that she'd got her big break.

Her boss suspected her husband was cheating on her but he was clever and proving it was difficult. So instead of letting it go on, Lucy decided to test his fidelity without her boss knowing the favor she was doing her. She asked a friend to photograph her having sex with the man. She gave the photos to her boss, but instead of dumping him, the woman fired Lucy for sleeping with her husband.

It didn't matter because Lucy had already realized she could make better money taking photos of cheating husbands in compromising positions than working in a dry cleaning store. So she got her private investigator's license, got herself an office and placed some ads in newspapers and magazines. The calls had trickled in ever since. The only modification she made was to hire someone else to get the men in compromising positions while she took the photos.

Abbey often thought it was because her friend liked to watch, but she never questioned her motive.

While Lucy had gone into P.I. work, Abbey had taken the more traveled route and gone into P.A. work. She had been the personal assistant to the managing director of a pharmaceuticals company for four years. She'd been his lover for two of those, until today when she'd arrived at the office after a two week holiday on her own in Fiji and found Tarken kissing Melinda from Accounts, a woman Abbey had considered a friend.

She'd quit on the spot. It was the most radical thing she'd ever done, but she didn't regret it. It seemed today was turning out to be a day to do radical things.

"Do it again?" Abbey stood back and surveyed Lucy's cheeky pixie-like face in the moonlight. "I can't!" As soon as she said it, Abbey knew it was a lie.

"Why not? Wasn't it any good?" Lucy's eyes glinted in the semi-dark fifth floor office. She'd got the keys off the building supervisor, someone she'd slept with a few months ago, probably on the promise that she'd do it again soon, Abbey presumed.

Abbey looked around her, avoiding Lucy's mischievous stare. "It was great." Wonderful in fact. The best o**l s*x she'd ever had. Probably because it was with a complete stranger. "But-"

"Well, then, just do it."

Abbey bit the inside of her lip. It might be nice to repeat the experience she'd just had with Damien Vane. He was one gorgeous man, after all, and his tongue had been, well, lizard-like. He was skillful...and masterful. He knew exactly what he wanted, and exactly what she needed, and how to do it.

She definitely wouldn't mind doing it again. The thought of him inside her this time, large and thick, reaching into her soul, was enticing. Exciting.

She felt hot.

And Lucy, damn her, could tell. She fanned her friend's face with her hand, her eyes alight with mischief.

"Cool down, girl, I need to get a new camera. You'll have to wait until tomorrow."

She grinned and affectionately tucked one of Abbey's stray strands behind her ear.

Abbey smiled weakly. "I must look a mess."

"You look like a girl who's had a good bonk and is in need of another one."

Abbey giggled and nodded. "Tomorrow then." She felt a rush of tingles up her spine in memory of Damien's touch, and tongue, and in anticipation of them again.

She let it run its course, then she turned to follow Lucy who was walking through the office, dodging empty desks in the darkness, camera in hand and tripod over her shoulder. She was contemplating how to explain her reappearance to Damien when a horrible thought struck her.

"What if he won't let me in next time? What if he doesn't want to-"

"Don't be silly. I saw his expression before you closed the curtains, and he was hungry for you. And I mean hungry. The guy looked like he was going to explode any minute, all over that nice couch. I'm surprised you actually got him into the bedroom."

Abbey relaxed and giggled. "And made him wait until I'd finished."

"Really? That long? Wow, this guy's got stamina."

"Or sheer willpower. I got the impression he doesn't often let his emotions rule him like they did tonight."

"That wasn't emotion ruling him, that was a very impressive appendage between his legs."

Abbey giggled as Lucy grinned back at her over her shoulder.

Lucy's smile faded a little as they waited at the elevators. She shook her head and wisps of short blonde hair fell into her eyes. "The guy doesn't have willpower. You saw the profile, he's had sex with more people than me! No, willpower he hasn't got when it comes to having sex with strangers."

Abbey frowned but said nothing. The mention of his mistresses reminded her of his wife, and that she was now a statistic as far as Damien was concerned. Just another notch on his belt. And she was the 'other woman', even if only temporarily.

Her stomach tied itself into a knot. The thought sickened her.

Strange thing was, she was picking up completely different vibes from Damien than what she should be. If Abbey hadn't seen his file, she would've said he was a man who got what he wanted when he wanted but rarely let his hot-blooded emotions get in the way. Otherwise he would've jumped her bones straight away on the couch instead of needing so much encouragement. In fact, she wouldn't have even had to make up a story about the free massage, her outfit should have been encouragement enough for Damien Vane.

And the way he'd looked at her reflection in the bathroom mirror hadn't been lustful at all. More like concern that he'd hurt her and perhaps a little curiosity. So her instincts told her, anyway.

But then again, she'd thought Tarken loved her, so her instincts were useless.

They traveled down the elevator to the ground floor where the burly building supervisor with the profile of a Neanderthal was sitting at his desk reading the Herald Sun. He looked up and grinned at Lucy. She pecked him on the lips and he groped her perfectly round bottom through the tight black hipsters.

"I'll call you tomorrow, Big Boy." She winked at him. "I might need this place tomorrow night again. That okay?"

His grin widened. "That'll cost you extra."

"You just name it," Lucy crooned, "and I'll do it. You know that."

The Neanderthal looked like he would drag her into his cave right there and ravage her, but he held back, hooked his thumbs into his pants, not caring to cover the telltale bulge, and lasciviously watched Lucy's behind as she walked away.

Abbey took note of the way her friend walked. One foot directly in front of the other so that her hips swayed sexily and her butt had the right amount of wobble. She would have to try that. Tomorrow night.

***

The seminar was a success so far. Nick's introductory speech had been well received, and the software was bug-free so the demo was easy. He'd have to ring the VP of Development later to congratulate him and offer bonuses to his programmers.

Nick had never felt so relieved in all his life. He'd done speeches before, he'd taken over large corporations, and small ones, and he'd rubbed shoulders with elite businessmen around the world. But he'd never given a demonstration of software in his life. It wasn't that hard, if you knew what you were doing and had a great program.

Maybe he could do the next one in March in the U.S. If he did, there would be nothing for his VP of Marketing to do. Which meant he could fire him. Good, because Vane had crossed the line this time.

Nick had put up with a hell of a lot from Vane. Coming back to the office drunk after a lunch meeting, groping the female staff, turning up late to work every day because he'd been out all night partying. For a forty-year-old that was a hell of a lot of partying.

Nick was tired of it. Usually he wouldn't allow anyone in his employ to treat their work and colleagues with such disrespect, but Vane was good and came with a wealth of experience. But Nick couldn't put up with his behavior anymore. Enough was enough. Skipping out just before a major seminar where he was supposed to give demonstrations to potential clients was more than he could put up with.

Nick strolled up King Street toward Collins Street and his hotel, laptop case slung over his shoulder, suit jacket over his arm. He'd taken it off and rolled up his shirt sleeves when he left the air conditioned Crown Complex where the seminar was being held. He'd been inside all day and the heat hit him like a force field.

He blew out a breath and kept walking, the heat prickling his skin, engulfing him like a blanket. It was already five o'clock but the sun still burned fiercely.

A typical hot summer's day. The sort of day he'd have spent down at the beach in his youth, catching some waves, lying in the sun with a gorgeous girl next to him. Not anymore. He couldn't remember the last time he'd gone to the beach. In fact, he couldn't remember the last time he'd felt this hot. Usually he drove everywhere in his air conditioned BMW, or sat in his air conditioned office or North Shore house.

It was actually kind of liberating-sweating, feeling the sun on his bare arms, wanting to drink a beer, wanting to feel a soft woman in his arms...

Nick swallowed. He hadn't thought of Abbey all day, thank God, but now her image was returning to haunt him thick and fast. He wanted nothing more right now than to lie with her, naked, surrounded by sand and the crashing waves. He would take her, slide over her hot body, enter her slowly, tease her a little before plunging deeply until she called his name...

He cleared his throat and moved his jacket in front of him, covering his painful erection. He glanced around but everyone was bustling home after a day at the office, not taking any notice of him. He drew in a deep breath and blew it out again.

He forced himself to slow down. She wasn't coming back, and even if she did, he would send her packing this time. He, Nick Delaware, investor and multi-millionaire, didn't go in for that sort of thing. And not with that sort of woman.

No, Nick would have to settle for a cool shower, a cold beer and an air conditioned bar. He had more demonstrations to prepare for tomorrow and he wanted to brush up on the potential clients he'd scheduled into the day.

As soon as he got back into work mode the better, so he could stop thinking about Abbey.

"Going somewhere, Big Boy?"

The familiar voice jolted him from his thoughts. His head, and another part of his anatomy, jerked up. "Abbey?"

He stared back at the woman who appeared in front of him, suddenly not sure what he should say to her.

What do you say to a hooker after an incredible night of passion?

CHAPTER 3

Nick cleared his throat. "It is Abbey isn't it?"

Abbey wore her hair long. A few strands fluttered around her face and Nick resisted the urge to catch them and tuck them behind her ear. She wore sunglasses so he couldn't see her eyes, which was a pity because he liked her eyes-bright blue and piercing.

Abbey nodded and smiled. She had a pretty smile. Probably because she had such soft, luscious lips-lips that would look great wrapped around...

"What are you doing here?" he asked gruffly, silently thanking the powers-that-be for his jacket.

She shrugged a bare shoulder. She wore an even skimpier top today. This one was strapless and defined her full br**sts perfectly beneath the thin fabric. She looked like she was wearing a bra today, also strapless. Nick wondered how quickly he could make the ni**les peak through the fabric of both bra and top. Could he do it without even touching her?

She wore a flighty, thin skirt again, almost to her knees. It had a dangerously high split up one side that displayed the soft flesh of thigh and hip. Her legs looked silky smooth, almost glossy. Nick had an overwhelming urge to run his hand up them to her thigh, her hip, her ass...

"Thought I'd drop past and say hello."

He frowned. "Why?" Then he realized-he hadn't paid her. It was a harsh reminder of who he was dealing with. Or rather, what he was dealing with. "Oh, right. Come upstairs and we'll sort it out."

Abbey flushed pink. Had he shocked her with his suggestion? Maybe discussing money in the street was taboo for these sort of women.

Since when did hookers blush?

She glanced around, biting her lip. Suddenly she looked less like the confident girl-about-town and more like a young woman out of her depth.

She was really green. Not like she'd been last night. Last night she knew exactly what she was doing.

"Actually, uh, I thought we could have a drink first. Then maybe something to eat." She checked her watch. "Then maybe come back here about ten. That okay?"

He hesitated. So she didn't just want to be paid-she wanted to do it again. Which meant he would owe her twice as much. That wasn't a big deal-he could afford whatever price she named-it's just that he didn't want to continue with this. It was wrong and it wasn't his style. Although it had felt damned good last night.

Maybe just once more, then he'd call it quits. He'd take her out to dinner, somewhere nice that she wasn't used to going to. He'd tell her that this was definitely the last time. Then, after an hour or two of passion back at the hotel, he'd pay her for both nights.

That's if someone else hadn't already paid her. The thought that one of Vane's bizarre friends was pulling the strings and had perhaps paid her already was still a possibility, although to do it twice was a little odd. Once, as a joke or gift, he could understand, but twice?

Or maybe Vane had prepaid her before he'd decided to skip out to wherever he'd gone for the week. Well, if that were the case, Nick might as well enjoy it. He could find out about the arrangement later. He might as well relieve some more stress. As long as he kept the situation under his control this time there was nothing really wrong with it. He knew what he was doing. He always did.

"Sure," Nick said. I spotted a nice bar over there." He pointed to where a few people sat at outdoor tables up the road. "Let me go upstairs, have a quick shower and change. I'll meet you there."

"You like to take charge don't you, Damien."

Nick balked at the name. He hated anyone thinking he was Vane but it was necessary. Anyway, what did it matter who she thought he was? She expected Vane, and that's who she was going to get.

Nick glared at her.

"I know what I want and I don't waste time getting it. I've found that's the best way to be in my line of work." He turned to go inside the hotel but stopped. "I don't expect you to understand."

He thought he saw her stiffen as he turned back to the hotel again but he couldn't be sure. Maybe his words were a little harsh, but he wasn't about to apologize for being a decisive person. Not to a hooker.

The doorman must have been watching the odd scene being played out in front of him because he quickly looked away. Fine, let him look. Nick knew no one in Melbourne so what did it matter if he was caught chatting to a woman dressed in next to nothing? It was his prerogative.

Inside the hotel, the cool blast of air instantly soothed his hot skin, but not his hot temper...or his groin. He couldn't wait to go upstairs, get changed and come back down. Abbey would be waiting for him.

Hot, sexy Abbey.

Part of him wished she hadn't agreed to wait for him. He knew he wouldn't have disagreed if she'd suggested she follow him up to his room. On the other hand, this way he would get to think about their encounter all through dinner. He could imagine her naked, her smooth skin, her inviting lips. And when it finally came time to return to the hotel, it'd be all the more thrilling because of the wait.

He quickly showered in ice-cold water to dampen his erection, then dressed in light beige trousers and a casual white cotton shirt with the sleeves rolled up and the top two buttons left undone. He made sure he was wearing his tightest shorts underneath. It may be painful if she got him excited, but it would keep him in check.

Something told him she was going to make him excited just by looking at him through those thick black lashes.

Nick barely noticed the heat outside. He couldn't stop thinking about Abbey.

"Hi." Abbey emerged through the glass door to the bar. She pouted at him, her lower lip protruding. Kissable.

"Not having second thoughts, I hope," she said lightly. She grinned.

He hesitated, caught between his warring emotions. He should go. He didn't need a hooker. Finally, pride won-he didn't run away from anything, especially a challenge.

"No, of course not." He had to pay her for last night anyway. He might as well have a few drinks, pay her then send her on her way. He didn't have to succumb a second time, but it was common decency to pay for the services he'd already used.

"I ordered us a bottle of Chardonnay," she said opening the door for him. "I hope that's okay."

"As long as it's cold."

She turned and glanced at him over one naked shoulder, a cheeky smile playing on her lips. "A bit hot and bothered today are you?"

"Hot, yes. Bothered, never."

They sat at a table in a dark corner of the restaurant. The red and black decor was modern and fresh. The wine list was long and didn't have prices, and the waiters wore crisp black suits. Thankfully, it was cooler inside than out, but it wasn't cold like many places are in summer with their air conditioning turned up too high.

A few other patrons sat alone on bar stools, or in couples in other dark, recessed booths. Considering it was Tuesday night, it was probably as busy as the place would get.

Good. It was unlikely he would see anyone from the seminar. He sat with his back facing the door just in case.

Abbey sipped her wine. She looked sensational with her sunglasses perched on top of her head, holding her mass of hair off her face. Nick liked that. He liked to see her features-she was an extremely attractive woman.

Her makeup wasn't as heavy as the night before, which was a good thing too. He liked his women to wear as little makeup as possible, and she didn't really need it.

His gaze wandered lower to her br**sts land the strapless top. Not really appropriate for such a salubrious place. She looked like a hooker.

"You seem uncomfortable," Abbey said, a cheeky grin lighting up her face.

Nick liked the way she seemed to find everything amusing.

"Worried about being seen with me?" she asked.

"No! No, of course not." He shrugged. "I don't know anyone in Melbourne anyway, so..."

Abbey glanced down at the fingers cradling the stem of her glass. "I see." Her hand reached down under the table. Although Nick couldn't see, from the way she moved it appeared she was trying to cover up the split in her skirt. It didn't matter, the table cloth was floor length and covered everything from the waist down anyway.

As if suddenly realizing, Abbey's hand returned to the tabletop and she clasped her fingers together, placing her elbows on the table and resting her chin on her knuckles. Trying to cover her br**sts?

Had he made her feel that self-conscious? Impossible. Hookers didn't get uncomfortable in revealing outfits.

He sipped his wine, swirling it around his palette before swallowing. A nice vintage. He wondered whether Abbey had taken pot luck when she ordered it, or whether she actually knew a good wine from a bad one without a price tag to check. In reality, it was probably neither. No doubt she'd asked the waiter before she ordered.

"Nice wine," he said, wanting to fill the silence.

"It's one of my favorites. I always order it-" She stopped and glanced away.

Another awkward silence stretched between them, and Nick suddenly regretted coming. Sex was one thing, but making small talk with a woman he barely knew was awful. He'd much rather skip this part of the evening.

"How was your conference?" Abbey asked with a polite smile.

"How did you know about that?"

She shrugged. "They told me."

"They?"

"Hotel management. You know, complementary massage and all that. I asked what you're here for and they said a software conference at the Crown Complex."

"Seminar," Nick corrected. So she was going to stick with the free massage story. Fine, he could play along.

"So you're a salesman for a software firm. How exciting."

She was a terrible actress. Her eyes glazed over in boredom when she said the words salesman and software. He couldn't blame her-it did sound dull.

But it irritated him that she thought he was just a salesman, working for just another software company. Not the owner and CEO of the most prestigious and lucrative technology firm in the entire southern hemisphere.

It irritated him even more that he couldn't tell her the truth either. She thought he was Damien Vane. The hotel thought he was Damien Vane. The potential clients at the seminar thought he was Damien Vane.

He'd decided before he left Sydney that he couldn't tell anyone the truth. It could ruin his chances of selling the software. The clients were ruthless, and they knew Vane was one of the greatest marketing geniuses in the software industry. He'd been in software for twenty years, a long time in this rapidly changing business. He had a stellar reputation.

Nick Delaware had no marketing experience and no software experience. He was an investor who injected money and business acumen into financially struggling companies with loads of potential then sold them for huge profits. As far as the seminar attendees were concerned, Nick Delaware knew nothing about software. They'd be insulted if an investor-albeit a good one-was trying to sell them a solution to their data warehousing problems. They wouldn't touch Software Solutions' application with a barge pole if Nick Delaware was trying to sell it to them, but with Damien Vane up there on the podium conducting demonstrations, they would lap it up.

And they were. So far everyone assumed he was Vane. These men and women were I.T. professionals at heart who got a kick out of the latest technology. They sat at their computers most days; they didn't move in the circles he moved in, and they'd never met Vane, an American. Nick was media shy, preferring not to have photos of himself taken, even for the website. None of the attendees would ever know about the switch.

As soon as he got back to Sydney he was going to fire Vane, replace him with a tee-totaling celibate. He was slipping anyway, an unreliable has been. Still no one outside Software Solutions would know that it was the company's owner who'd done the demonstrations.

"Actually I'm the Vice President of Marketing."

Abbey nodded. "Right. Very impressive. So it all went well today?"

Nick nodded then caught himself. He needed to steer clear of this topic if he didn't want to reveal his identity. She thought she was getting Vane-he might as well take advantage of the misunderstanding. "Abbey, I don't really want to discuss work." He leaned back in his chair. "Tell me about you."

She sat up straight and blinked at him. "Um, okay. What do you want to know?"

Good question. What did he want to know? Did he want to know anything about her at all, or would he rather keep a safe, unemotional distance? Best to keep the conversation polite but friendly.

"Have you lived in Melbourne all your life?"

She nodded. "Like it?"

She shrugged. "It's okay. I'd really like to travel to Europe though."

"Anywhere in particular or just Europe in general?"

"France."

"Really? I was there last year."

Abbey's mouth dropped and her eyes widened. "What's it like? Is Paris as beautiful as they say?"

"I don't know who 'they' are or what they say about Paris, but yes, it's a beautiful city. Very romantic. Well, I was there for work, but I'm sure it would be romantic if I had female company."

Nick realized he should have said his wife. Vane was married. Did she even know Vane was married?

Abbey grinned. It was spectacular-the sort of smile that changed a pretty face into an extraordinary one. It was also highly contagious. He couldn't help but grin back.

"You should've had a holiday while you were there," she said. "You know, added another week on the end, after your business was finished. That's what I would have done if I were ever lucky enough to go to Paris for work."

"Easier said than done. I had to fly back to Sydney. It's difficult to be away from the office for long."

"Your boss sounds like a task master."

Nick laughed. "He is. But that's okay, I like what I do. It's my passion."

She frowned. "Strange passion. Perhaps if you had a hobby you'd learn to relax a little more. You could take up yoga or bush walking."

Nick crossed his arms in front of him on the table. This woman was getting a little presumptuous telling him what he should and shouldn't do. And who said he wasn't relaxed? He was; just enough to keep his staff happy without allowing them to walk all over him.

"I have responsibilities to my employees. I can't just take time off here and there when I feel like it."

She shrugged. "I don't see why not. All work and no play makes Damien a very dull man."

She thought he was dull? "I wasn't always a workaholic," he said defensively, not really sure why he felt the urge to alter her perception of him. "I used to be pretty wild when I was younger."

"Really? Tell me about it."

He laughed. "You're nosy, aren't you?"

She shrugged two deliciously naked shoulders. "I'm just being friendly."

Right. Friendly. She was just making small talk with the man who owed her money. It's what she did, a mechanism to lull him into a false sense of security, to loosen him up for later. This woman knew exactly what she was doing and it had nothing to do with being interested in his childhood. Well, she could forget about trying to make polite small talk with him. He wasn't about to fall for her tricks.

"I think we'll drop that topic of conversation," he said.

Abbey sat back in her chair, surveying him through unblinking eyes. "Yes, Sir!"

Nick flinched at the mocking tone.

"Let's talk about something you don't mind talking about then," she said, a smile twitching her plump lips again. Kissable lips.

Her smile had an amazing ability to relax him. Nick Delaware wasn't used to being relaxed. It spread a warm, caressing sensation over his skin.

"Like what?"

"Where else have you been? Other than France, I mean."

He shrugged. "You name it, I've probably been there."

"Wow. Really?" She leaned forward conspiratorially. "Either you're incredibly rich or you've got a great job."

He laughed. She was sassy, he had to give her that. He ignored the first part of her question altogether. "The job takes me places but I never really get to see them. Not the way I want to."

"Which is?"

"Slowly. I'd rather take my time. Spend a few weeks in a village in Tuscany or on felucca floating down the Nile." He shrugged. "All I get to see is the inside of a hotel room and an office block or two. Not very interesting."

It wasn't entirely a lie. He'd traveled around the world when he was in his early twenties, care of a trust fund and family money. But since he'd started his own business investing in other companies, he didn't get to see much of the cities he visited.

"Ooh, yes, Egypt," Abbey crooned. "Another place I want to visit. I love ancient history. I even thought about becoming an archaeologist but it meant an extra three years and I'd already had enough of study after finishing my Arts degree."

Nick raised his eyebrows as Abbey's drew together. She coughed and looked away.

But Nick wasn't going to let that one slide by. "You went to university? What did you major in? Sensual massage?"

Abbey's lips twitched, fighting a grin. Eventually the grin won.

"Very funny," she said taking a sip of wine.

He opened his mouth to ask her what she really did major in, but she held up a finger.

"That topic's off limits."

Like hell. "No. I want to know more."

"I said it's off limits. Got it?" Her voice was low and she spoke through clenched teeth.

Nick didn't like being refused. He glared at her with a look that usually withered his opposition across a boardroom table. She didn't flinch. She glared right back.

"Guess it's back to travel again, then," he said in attempt to clear the air.

She nodded stiffly and sat back in her seat. She looked flustered. Good. He liked knowing he'd at least achieved that reaction from her, since she'd already succeeded in getting him to lose his self-control last night. It was only fair.

"Antarctica," he said. "That's the one place I don't want to go. Too cold."

Abbey's sour mood melted and she laughed, a throaty laugh that bubbled up from deep within. God, it was fantastic the way she threw back her head and put her heart into her laugh. He'd never met anyone who enjoyed his conversation so much. It was a novel experience-and kind of satisfying too.

"Way too cold for me too," she said. "I prefer the heat."

"Then you'd be happy today."

"Well, today was exceptional, even by Melbourne's standards. Although I do like it like this. It reminds me of summers by the pool or down the beach when I was a kid."

Her voice drifted off dreamily. Nick could picture her, sitting on a beach in a large straw hat and bikini.

A small, white bikini that revealed her rosy ni**les when she emerged from the water.

He swallowed and glanced at Abbey. She was grinning at him. Damn it, how did she know what he was thinking?

"I take it from that look on your face that you like the beach too?" Her eyes danced mischievously.

He nodded and shifted in his seat. Bad move. His erection rubbed against his thighs and the movement made him bigger, harder.

"Are you ready to order, sir, madam?"

A short, balding waiter stood at Nick's side, handed them a menu each then scuttled away. Nick was grateful for the distraction.

"The seafood's great here," said Abbey.

He peered over his menu. "You've eaten here before?" Yet another surprise-Abbey didn't seem like the right sort of clientele.

"Many times." She suddenly dropped her menu. He momentarily caught her gaze in his and held it before she glanced away. She shrugged casually. Too casually. "Once or twice a long time ago. I can't afford this sort of place anymore." Her face disappeared behind her menu again.

She was a mystery this one. A real mystery.

They ordered and continued sipping wine and chatting. The evening was turning into quite a pleasant one, and he was surprised at how easily he could talk to Abbey. And laugh with her.

She asked him about Sydney, and he saw no reason not to tell her which restaurants he liked. She seemed eager to hear about the best galleries in town, something else he wasn't expecting. When he asked her what sort of art she liked, hoping to catch her out, she quickly rattled off some of her favorites.

"Actually, any of the French Impressionists. Which is why I want to visit Paris." She smiled. "The Musee d'Orsay has a fabulous collection, so I hear."

He smiled back, genuinely pleased with her answer. "You know, I didn't think masseurs were the type of people to go to art galleries."

He thought he saw her flinch but it was covered quickly by a defiant toss of her head. "You shouldn't judge a book by its cover."

Nick's gut tightened. She was right, he wasn't being fair. But he was damned if he was going to apologize. Nick Delaware was not the sort of man to apologize to a hooker for thinking she was out of place in an art gallery. And he'd best remember that before he got carried away by this woman's charm.

Their meals arrived, saving him from making any further comments, or apologies. They ate in silence, broken only by occasional chatter. Once their plates were collected, Abbey checked her watch.

"Time to go?" As soon as he said it, Nick cringed. He didn't want to appear too eager to get back to the hotel. On the other hand, he didn't want to appear too casual either, in case she decided he wasn't interested enough. Damn it, this woman was tying his brain into knots-he needed to regain his control, and fast.

"Nearly," she said with a cheeky smile.

Their coffees arrived and he stirred in a spoonful of sugar. He was replacing the spoon on the saucer when he felt something at his crotch. He jumped, bumping the table, splashing coffee into the saucer.

He glanced up at Abbey to see if she'd noticed, and was met with a wicked smile. Again something touched him, and this time he didn't jump. He knew what it was-Abbey's bare toes.

Thank God for long tablecloths.

The toes moved around his bulge, feeling, prodding, stroking. She was extremely dexterous, because her toes caught his zip and slowly began pulling it down.

He gasped and a hot rush of blood flooded his face. He swallowed and looked at Abbey. She was no longer smiling but concentrating on her task. She stared straight back at him, boldly, and that only made him more excited.

The toes ducked into his open trousers and rubbed his erection, only the thin fabric of his shorts between his flesh and hers. The pain and pleasure was excruciating. He wanted to take himself out of the shorts and let her have free reign but common sense told him not to be ridiculous. What if someone came over? He shouldn't have let it get this far. He shouldn't be doing this. He shouldn't...oh, what the Hell, it felt too good to stop now.

Nick closed his eyes and let the sensations course through his body. He heard someone moan-himself?-and bent his head forward.

She felt good. Damn good. Her toes stroked, an endless circular motion that quickened his pulse. He sat forward on his seat, bringing himself closer to her foot.

She had managed to get his trousers even wider apart and she was massaging him, up and down the hard length caught inside his shorts. It pleaded with him to be released from its tight prison. As it grew and expanded, he had no choice-he reached under the tablecloth, not totally aware of what he was doing, and fumbled the button on his shorts.

His erection sprung out, and he heard Abbey gasp. He looked up at her and the lust in her eyes told him she was enjoying this as much as he was. Both her hands were below the table and he wondered whether she was touching herself.

The thought that she might be made him harder, hotter.

Her toes caressed him, lightly at first then, as if detecting his need, she rubbed her foot against the base before caressing the shaft all the way to the tip. The movement made him pant.

"Abbey!"

The angry voice above him sent a jolt through Nick. The foot suddenly stopped rubbing and he heard a quick intake of breath from Abbey. He looked up, trying to control his breathing, and stared straight into the eyes of a man.

Jealous eyes.

The man glanced from him to Abbey.

"Tarken!" She stared wide-eyed up at the newcomer. "What the Hell are you doing here?" There was frustration in her voice, but no indication on her face of what she'd just been doing under the table. Nick hoped he looked just as composed.

"Having dinner. Who's he?" The man, Tarken, jerked his thumb in Nick's direction.

"None of your business."

"None of my business? Abbey, come on, I-"

"She said it's none of your business," said Nick, keeping his voice low. "Now leave."

He hoped Tarken didn't have enough guts to challenge him. Nick couldn't get up-he was still protruding from his shorts.

Tarken rounded on him, a challenge in his eyes. "Who do you think you are, ordering me around?"

Nick drummed his fingers on the table. Who the hell was this arrogant S.O.B.? And how dare he speak to a woman that way. How dare he speak to him, Nick Delaware, that way!

"Who are you?" Nick countered.

"Abbey's boyfriend."

Chapter 4

Nick felt like something was pressing down on his chest. Abbey had a boyfriend? And it was this idiot?

The man, Tarken, was dressed in casual but expensive pants and a Ralph Lauren shirt; his hair tousled in an overly styled boy-band way. He supposed many women would consider him a good looking man with his dark blonde hair and square jaw. He definitely didn't look like a pimp. Not that Nick knew what a pimp looked like. Maybe he really was her boyfriend.

"You are not my boyfriend!" said Abbey, her eyes spitting blue sparks in Tarken's direction. "You seem to have forgotten that I found you kissing Melinda yesterday. She told me you'd slept together while I was away. And I seem to recall telling you that we were through when I handed in my resignation."

Even in the dark restaurant, Nick could see Tarken's face had flushed.

"I think you should leave," said Nick quietly, deliberately. Damn, he couldn't get up. He needed a distraction. "Waiter!" The waiter was immediately at his side. "This man is bothering us."

Tarken's eyes widened and his face suddenly slackened. "I was just leaving. I've lost my appetite anyway."

Nick watched as Tarken rushed out of the restaurant without even glancing back at Abbey. When the eyes of the other patrons finally diverted, Nick discretely zipped his fly. He glanced across the table at Abbey but she was looking down at her empty plate.

"You okay?" he asked.

She nodded but didn't look up. "Sorry about that," she muttered. "I didn't mean to cause a scene."

"You didn't. He did." Nick drew in a deep breath, feeling more in control now that he was no longer in such a vulnerable position with his fly open. He reached across and touched Abbey's arm, folded in front of her on the table. She looked up at him. Her eyes were moist. She looked incredibly lost. Small. He just wanted to take her in his arms and hold her, kiss her. Tell her everything was okay because he'd take care of her.

Nick shook his head to dismiss the ridiculous thoughts. Taking care of a hooker was not on his agenda for the week. What was coming over him? Melbourne was having such a strange affect on his behavior. Or maybe it was the heat.

Banishing all possessive thoughts, Nick straightened. There was something he wanted to know. "So, is he your boyfriend?"

"Not any more."

"He cheated on you with someone called Melinda?"

She nodded and turned away.

"He's a fool. If I were him, I wouldn't let such a beautiful woman like you go."

Her head snapped up. Her eyes bore into his but he was damned if he was going to look away. Nick Delaware never looked away first.

He didn't know why he'd said that. It had just tumbled out of his mouth. If he weren't careful, he'd turn into a soft romantic. He swallowed, Abbey's direct gaze unnerving him with its penetration. Finally, thankfully, she wavered and glanced away.

Nick let out a long breath. He should not have said that. The last thing he wanted to do was give Abbey the wrong idea. He didn't want to encourage her. This wasn't Pretty Woman. He had to remember she was a just a hooker. That Tarken guy may not look like a pimp, but that didn't mean he wasn't one. Although he was no longer Abbey's by the sounds of it.

Nick frowned, recalling something Abbey had said. Since when did hooker's hand in resignations?

"Abbey, when you said you handed in your resignation, what did you mean?"

She glanced up at him. He thought he saw amusement flicker through her eyes before they returned to their usual intense blue.

She held up her hand. "No more questions. Not about Tarken, okay?"

Nick blinked. "Now wait a minute. I deserve -"

"Let's get out of here," she said quickly. Ready?"

He would have pursued the issue of the resignation and Tarken, except those words made him forget everything except the touch of Abbey's toes.

He signaled the waiter, paid the bill and stood.

"Let's go."

Abbey followed Nick outside where it was still warm, despite the sun's disappearance over an hour ago. She felt strangely relieved to be out of the restaurant, where a surprisingly pleasant meal had turned sour with Tarken's unexpected arrival. Of all the restaurants to choose, he chose that one!

She hadn't thought of Tarken all day, and with the game of footsies under the table, she'd been caught with her pants down. Well, Damien had.

It annoyed her that she'd gotten upset over Tarken's appearance, and his demand. Not because she wanted Tarken to see her like that, but because she didn't want Damien to see her as anything less than composed and in control.

Damien Vane was a no-nonsense, straight down the line, man. He didn't seem like the type of guy to want a flighty female in his bed, which was exactly where she wanted to be.

And not just for the camera either, she realized. For herself. She'd enjoyed their encounter the night before-she hadn't been able to think of anything else all day. It had put a serious dent in her job hunting when she'd fumbled through an interview with a legal firm. The image of Damien in all his naked glory caused her to stumble over her words and appear a complete idiot.

But now she wasn't just thinking about last night either, she was also thinking about tonight.

It had been her idea to have dinner first. Lucy had expected her to just go straight up to his hotel again and take it from there, but Abbey wanted to see Damien before they got down to business. She needed to know more about the man she'd slept with. Call her old fashioned-and Lucy had-but she liked to at least have one normal conversation with the men she took to bed. This time, the conversation had waited till later, but it had still been necessary as far as Abbey was concerned.

Besides, she couldn't wait until ten o'clock. She thought that the sooner she saw him, the sooner the agony of waiting would be over. But it wasn't. The agony was still there, even now as she tried to keep pace with his quick, long stride down Collins Street to the hotel.

That's why she'd put her foot to the bulge in his trousers-the agony had become too much. That was the only way she could explain her behavior tonight. She'd never done anything so daring, so brazen, in her life. She wondered what would have happened if Tarken hadn't shown up. Could she have made Damien go all the way?

The thought sent a sudden surge of power through her that instantly dampened her. She couldn't wait to get upstairs.

The doorman nodded to Damien as he tugged her gently but firmly alongside him. He definitely seemed eager to get to his room. Abbey smiled to herself. Good. It was ten o'clock, and Lucy would be ready with the camera.

Damien fumbled the key in the keyhole. Taking a deep breath, he suddenly turned and kissed her roughly. His breathing came in ragged gasps.

"Abbey," he said, looking at her. His eyes were dark and hooded. His hand flew around her waist and he pulled her to him. She could feel the bulge in his pants and she deliberately rubbed herself against it as she kissed him full on the lips. He kissed her back, urgently, before drawing himself away.

"I apologize in advance," he whispered hoarsely.

"Apologize? What for-?"

Damien had the door open and was tugging her through after him, roughly. Suddenly she knew. And liked it. Wanted it.

The door slammed shut and he pushed her back against it. He kissed her and she clawed at his shirt, popping two buttons as she tore if off him, revealing his bare chest. She sunk her teeth into a nipple and he growled, throwing his head back.

Damien's hands roamed across her thighs, pushing her skirt up and over her hips. His long fingers went behind her and cupped her bu**ocks. He massaged the flesh and plucked at the thong as his mouth sank into her throat. He lifted her off the ground and she wrapped her legs around him, her back still against the door.

Abbey gasped when he kissed her ni**les through her bra. He'd managed to get her top over her br**sts, and she felt a hand reach up and unhook her bra. It fell away and he suckled the flesh, licking at the ripe buds, nibbling until they were raw and ready.

She fumbled with his trousers and finally unzipped the fly. She reached in and grabbed his erection, releasing it from its tight prison. He gasped, then his sucking became urgent as she wrapped her fingers around the hard shaft. His entire body quivered.

Damien seemed to lose control then. He tore at her panties, ripping the thong in two and throwing the pieces to the floor. He pressed her into the door as she guided him into her sleek wetness.

He felt thick and hot as he slammed into her, deep, filling her. His thrusts were urgent, almost desperate, as he hammered her to the door. Abbey bit back a cry as she rode him until the familiar tingling waves engulfed her, sending her body into spasms. Then Damien shuddered beneath her thighs and let out a long, low groan as he threw his head back and spurted into her.

They stood like that for a long moment-Abbey against the door, her legs around Damien's waist. His head was buried in the hair at her shoulder. She could feel his hot breath, hear it change from heavy and rough to controlled. Slowly, he pulled away and let her down gently.

"Sorry," he mumbled, suddenly coloring. "I should've had more restraint. I don't usually-"

Abbey, still trying to catch her breath, placed a finger to his lips. "Shhh. Don't apologize. It was fantastic. I like it when you lose control like that."

He turned away. "I don't. It's not dignified."

She laughed. "Neither is having sex with a virtual stranger." She caught Damien's face in hers and forced him to look at her. "Just enjoy it, as Lucy would say."

"Who's Lucy?"

Abbey plucked at Damien's lips with her own. "A friend." She nibbled his mouth, tasting, sucking, then, as his hands came up to catch her face, she delved and let her tongue go where it wanted to go. He kissed her back, hard and heavy. He felt good. Damn good.

"Ready for round two?" she whispered against his lips.

Damien smiled. "You're game."

She had to be, Abbey thought. There was a wall between them and the lounge room. There's no way Lucy would have caught any of that on film. Just as well. She didn't particularly want her best friend watching her in the act. Besides, gentle, sensuous lovemaking after that hard and fast effort was just what she needed. And wanted.

Damien picked her up and carried her into the lounge. He placed her on the couch and she sat up, kissing him. They were both still more or less clothed although disheveled. Abbey reached up and removed his shirt, sighing as she took in his masculinity. He had the body of an Adonis-hard, lean and muscular in all the right places.

"You must work out," she said, tracing a finger along the muscles of chest and shoulder.

"Sometimes," he said through kisses. He sat back on the couch and lifted her top. Her bra had already come off, so her br**sts spilled out. He took one in his mouth. Then stopped.

"Oh Hell," he said.

"What's the matter?"

"We didn't use a condom."

"I've taken precaution, so you don't have to worry about that."

He nodded. "I don't know if it helps, but I'm clean."

She nodded. "So am I."

That seemed to be enough for him. He returned to his task of suckling, the issue already forgotten.

Abbey glanced at the window. The curtains were open. Lucy would be able to see everything. But suddenly it didn't matter. Lucy had seen her br**sts before at the gym although not with a man on the end of them. And no one else was going to see the photos except for Damien's wife.

His wife.

A faceless woman floated through Abbey's thoughts and she closed her eyes. She clenched hard as something tore at her gut. This wasn't supposed to happen. She wasn't supposed to feel guilty.

Suddenly she felt like she was being smothered. As if something was pressing on her chest and stopping her from breathing.

"Wait," she said, pushing Damien away. "We can't. I can't."

He blinked at her. "No, you have to," he said thickly. "I have to. Abbey, I need you-" He stopped and looked down, drawing in a deep breath. He ran a hand through his already messy hair and sat back. She could tell he was struggling with his inner turmoil, desperately trying to regain his composure.

"If you don't want to, I understand."

It didn't sound like it, Abbey thought. Nor did it look like it-his c**k protruded from his shorts, thick and throbbing. Ready. Abbey swallowed. She wanted him inside her again. Very much. Lucy's voice crept into her brain: "His marriage is already over or she wouldn't have come to us. Just go in there and enjoy some unbridled sex for once in your life. It doesn't mean anything. Not to him, not to you and not to his wife. Got it?"

Abbey had nodded then and she nodded now.

"Yes. I do want to."

She pulled Damien to her and kissed him. Her hands descended to his trousers and she tugged them down, then his shorts, so she could gaze at him unhindered. His florid erection was beating strongly in anticipation.

She touched it and he drew away, just out of her reach.

"Not yet," he rasped.

She looked into his eyes and felt something pass between them. Something that simmered in the heat. Something intense.

He tenderly stroked her cheek. She closed her eyes and reveled in his soft, sure touch. The movement was so delicate, so sweet. Almost loving.

Damien lifted Abbey off the couch, unzipped her skirt and pulled it down over her legs and ankles. He sat back on his haunches beside the couch and let out a sigh as he gazed at her body.

"You're fabulous, Abbey." He stroked her calf, her thigh, brushed her moist lips with a teasing finger. "So beautiful," he whispered.

Abbey's breathing turned heavy as that hand delicately explored, teased. A few more strokes and she would be lost in delicious torment, begging him to take her.

But Damien stopped.

"I want you to turn away from me Abbey." His voice was low, intense and oh-so sensual.

She obeyed. Something inside her wanted to do everything he asked her to do. For some reason she couldn't fathom, she trusted him. Trusted that he was going to give her an experience she would not forget.

She sat on the couch, facing the armrest. She felt the couch behind her move under his weight as he sat down.

"Now get on your knees." She did as she was told, eager anticipation heating her. "And open your legs. Good. Now move back so you're sitting on my lap."

Abbey wiggled backwards until she felt Damien's knees. He was kneeling too, his legs together. She settled herself on his thighs, her legs on either side of his. His erection rose up between her back and his stomach. It pulsed quietly, the movement sending a shudder of anticipation through her.

His left arm snaked around her, pinning her arm to her side. He touched her right breast, cupping its weight in his hand, massaging, up and around, until it was erect. A spasm shot from her breast to her inner thighs. Abbey sighed deeply and relaxed into him.

"Good," he murmured. His other hand came round her right side and lightly played along her thigh, moving inwards slowly. The sensation sent her skin tingling under his touch.

His fingers gently parted her and caught the sensitive little knob. He tugged and she moaned. Her head rolled back onto his shoulder and he kissed her exposed neck lightly.

With excruciating slowness, he rubbed her sensitive spot, up and down, and she fought back the urge to cry out, to let the orgasm come.

"You're so wet, Abbey," he whispered into her ear. "Do you want me?"

She drew in a deep ragged breath and let it out slowly, trying to calm herself. "Yes," she muttered in a voice not her own. The sensations were beginning to swamp her, and no amount of deep breathing could stop her mounting climax.

Then he stopped. What the Hell for? She moaned in desperation.

"Do you want me Abbey?" he whispered again. She let out a small cry of protest at the tease, nodded quickly and wiggled against his hand. He moved it just out of her reach. "Good. Because I want you. Badly."

Abbey whimpered. Every pore of her body screamed for those fingers, wanted them to penetrate her, rub her. "Now. Oh, please, now."

Just as she thought she couldn't stand it any longer, the hand cupped her. Then one long finger entered her, withdrew, and entered again. His palm rubbed against her pulsing little nub. Picking up speed, he repeated the motion until the waves finally engulfed her, offering amazing relief as she rocked in time to his hand, arching her back, thrusting her br**sts forwards as his left hand squeezed a tender nipple.

Nick waited until Abbey's shuddering ceased. He kissed her neck while he waited, breathing in her heady scent. She was incredible, the way she moved, the way she responded with complete abandon, utter trust and raw emotion.

He waited until he could wait no more. The movement of her back against his erection had sent his pulse rate rising and he was almost ready to explode between them.

"Abbey," he whispered, "oh, Abbey." He couldn't stop saying her name. He loved the way it sounded. He loved the way her skin formed little bumps every time he said it.

"Damien-"

He placed a finger over her lips. "Don't say my name," he said huskily. "Please don't say it."

She nodded, confusion in her eyes, but she didn't question him. Instead, she licked the finger at her lips, sucking it into her mouth.

Then she took charge. She pushed him back onto the couch, then knelt above him, lowering herself. A deep groan emanated from his throat as she touched his throbbing tip. His eyes watched her as she settled down on him, then bulged as she swallowed him whole inside her. She was hot and wet and just the feel of her sucking him into her slickness brought him quickly to the edge. She leaned forward, her hands beside his head on the couch and pumped him hard. Then just as he thought he was going to explode inside her, she stopped. She smiled wickedly down at him.

"Abbey," he croaked. "Don't. Not now." He thrust his hips up to meet her, but she moved, just enough so he couldn't reach.

"Do you want me?" she asked with a sly grin.

He closed his eyes and nodded. "Damn it, Abbey, yes." What was she doing? This was torture. If she was trying to pay him back for teasing her the same way a moment ago, then it was working.

Unable to stand it any longer, he took her hips in his hands, then thrust upwards again, a mighty effort that made her gasp as he lunged deep inside her.

She pumped him, long and hard, and a moment later he felt her shudder. It sent him to the edge again and over it. Wave upon wave crashed into him as Abbey's body became limp and flopped on top of him, her arms snaking around his neck. She kissed him feverishly as he climaxed into her.

He pushed his hands through her hair and kissed her back.

***

An hour later, Nick awoke and brushed Abbey's hair from her face. She still lay on top of him, her weight pressing into his arms and chest. He didn't want her to move. She felt good snuggled into him. Comfortable.

Abbey stirred. She lifted her head up and blinked down and smiled the electric smile that had him hooked. He grinned back. He couldn't help it. She had that affect on him.

"Hello, Sleepy Head," he said, catching the bulk of her hair in one hand and holding it off her face so he could see her beautiful eyes.

"What time is it?"

"About two."

"I should be going."

She tried to get up but he held her.

"Stay awhile longer," he murmured.

She looked at him through drowsy eyes, then settled back onto his chest with a sigh.

"We could go into the bedroom," he said. "You could stay the rest of the night."

Abbey sat up, shaking her head. "I can't. I should go. My friend is waiting."

Nick frowned. What friend? He felt a small stab in the base of his stomach. Not Tarken, the idiot from dinner?

"Lucy," she said, as if reading his thoughts. She glanced over at the window. "She'll be waiting for me."

"Oh." He extricated himself from her and stood. Fool. Don't forget who she is. What she is. She'd replaced one pimp with another, a woman this time.

And he was an idiot to have forgotten what the arrangement was. He'd been carried away in the heat of the moment, the passion, thinking this was more than it actually was. But it was sex. Just sex.

He looked down at Abbey. She was already dressed in her bra and skirt and she was holding her torn thong, a piece in each hand.

She glanced up at him, her eyes glistening, a smile twitching her lips. "Guess I need to buy another one."

Nick's first instinct was to smile back at her, but he shoved any thoughts of humor from his mind. She was hinting that she needed more money than just two nights worth. Or was it three, since they'd actually done it three times now?

He bent, picked up his pants and pulled the wallet out of the back pocket. He opened it and glanced down at Abbey as she sat on the couch. Her blue eyes stared back at him expectantly. He turned away. He couldn't look at her, not when she pulled that innocent face on him. It was all he could do to stop himself from kissing her again.

"How much?"

She didn't say anything, so he was forced to look at her. Her eyes narrowed and her brow puckered. "What are you talking about?" she asked.

Nick took out a hundred dollar note. "One hundred? Two hundred? I have no idea what these things cost."

His voice sounded angry, even to him, but that was too bad. It was how he felt. Cheated somehow, but he wasn't sure why.

Abbey's jaw dropped and her eyes suddenly widened to the size of satellite dishes. She stood, fully clothed now, and glared back at him. He suddenly felt very ill, sickened by what he'd done. This was not like him. He'd never done anything so drastic and so foolish in his life. He did not like it.

"Three hundred?" he asked gruffly.

He was peering into his wallet so he didn't see the hand coming. Her slap stung his cheek.

His head snapped up and he resisted the urge to grab her hand to stop her doing it again. It wasn't dignified. Whatever was wrong, he could sort it out with some clear level-headed thinking.

"What the hell was that for?" he shouted. Fuck level-headedness. Nick Delaware had never been slapped in his life, and certainly not by a hooker!

"For treating me like something on a supermarket shelf." She turned away and rounded the couch. She was heading toward the door.

"Abbey!" She didn't stop. Nick ran after her and grabbed her arm. "Abbey, where are you going?"

"None of your damn business. Besides, what do you care? I'm just a cheap hooker you bought for a couple of nights, aren't I?"

Nick blinked down at her. He shrugged. "Well, I don't think three hundred dollars is cheap, but I admit I don't really know-"

This time he saw the slap coming and he caught her hand. She tried to pull free but he held her firmly. Their eyes locked in unspoken battle. After glaring at each other for several heartbeats, he let go.

"Abbey, calm down. What's the problem?"

"You! I'm not a hooker, Damien."

Nick flinched at the name. "Stop calling me that, please. And what do you mean you're not a hooker?"

Abbey shook her head and flung her arms in the air. "What does it sound like it means? I'm-not-a-hooker. Is that clear enough?"

Nick took a step back and drew his brows together. "Then, why are you here?"

She turned away so he couldn't see her face. She took a step toward the door, but there was no way he was going to let her go after that revelation without an explanation. He caught her arm.

He thought he had the situation all figured out. He thought he had Abbey all figured out, but now nothing was what it seemed anymore. And he was a man who liked everything out in the open. No surprises, no secrets. He wanted to know who he was dealing with at all times, and that included now, with Abbey. If that was in fact her real name.

"Abbey," he said softly. He drew her to him. "If you're not a hooker-"

"Which I'm not."

Nick nodded. "Which you're not, then what's going on?"

Abbey shook her head and Nick felt his blood begin to heat up. "Tell me."

"You don't need to know."

"The hell I don't!" I've just slept with you-more than once-I think I have a right to know who, and what, you are."

"We agreed this was just sex," she said through gritted teeth. She pulled her arm out of his grip. "No strings attached. Two consenting adults. Remember?"

Her glare dared him to deny it.

He wanted to. He wanted to tell her how much he'd liked it. How much he liked her company. How much he wanted to see her again. But he couldn't. She may not be a hooker, but he still had no idea what she wanted from him. Until she told him, he wasn't going to give her an inch. This was just like closing a business deal-never let the opposition see all your cards at once. It paid to keep something back until they revealed all of theirs.

"Yeah," he said casually. "It was just sex. Is that what you wanted to hear?"

Apparently not because she emitted a low growl, then reached for the door handle.

But Nick wasn't ready to let her go yet. He wanted answers. He placed a hand against the door beside her head, slamming it closed again. Abbey swung round. She was trapped between the wall and his arm. Good. Maybe now he could reason with her.

"Let me out or I'll scream."

He smiled down at her. "Go ahead."

She screwed up her nose, closed her eyes and opened her mouth. Hell, she really was going to scream! He did the first thing that came into his mind-he kissed her. Hard and deep. He took her face in his hands and rubbed his thumbs along her cheeks, gently. She groaned and he thought he had her. He thought she'd succumb to his kiss. Maybe she'd stay with him a while longer, tell him everything he wanted to know. Everything he needed to know.

But he was wrong. Abbey stopped kissing him and pushed away. Her eyes glowed up at him like two blue flames. "You're an ass**le, do you know that? You think everyone should bow to your whim, especially women. Well, I've got news for you, Buddy. I hate arrogant men. You can't order people around and you can't make women do what you want them to do with a kiss."

She spun round and opened the door. Nick swallowed. He had to think, but he couldn't. His brain was failing him, for the first time in his life.

"Abbey," he said softly, "don't go."

She swung round again. "And don't think that a few gently spoken words are going to work either, because they don't." She sniffed. "Not on me anyway."

Nick stood, rooted to the floor. He was still naked, he realized, but he didn't care. What could he say to make her stay? And what in the world was she doing in his hotel in the first place?

"Just tell me one thing. If you're not a hooker, then why did you come to my room in the first place?"

She paused, the door wide open. She glanced up at him then looked away, out into the corridor. "Free massage, complements of hotel management."

She walked across the threshold without looking back. The door swung closed behind her.

Nick let her go. If she wasn't going to tell him the truth then he didn't want to see her again.

Nobody lies to Nick Delaware.

CHAPTER 5

Abbey sat in the swivel chair behind Lucy's desk, staring blankly out the window at the rundown warehouse next door, while her friend studied a role of film negatives.

"This is really hot," Lucy said, a smile in her voice. "We could put this stuff up on the Web and make a fortune at a dollar a peep."

"Very funny." Abbey sighed and passed a hand over her face. It was one o'clock in the afternoon. She'd had zero sleep, it was hot and Lucy's office was stifling with only a noisy old fan to circulate the stuffy air.

Lucy sat on the edge of the desk, her face suddenly turning serious. "Look, Abbey, don't get upset over what this guy said. It was bound to happen considering the circumstances. He's a jerk and you're not a hooker. Forget about it. He's not worth it."

"Easier said than done. It's not everyday I get accused of being a prostitute." Abbey still couldn't believe Damien had actually had the nerve to offer her money after what they'd shared. Is that what the sex had meant to him? Is that what she'd meant to him?

"Well, what did you expect? You were dressed like a hooker, you entered his apartment with a flimsy excuse and you jumped him within five seconds. I think it was a pretty darn natural thing for him to assume given the circumstances. I still think you should've taken the money. Three hundred will pay the rent."

"Lucy! I will not take money for sex!"

"No." She held up the roll of film to the light. "But you'll take money to create the illusion of it."

"That's different."

"If believing that makes you happy, then go ahead and think it, Abbey Girl. It sure doesn't worry me what anyone thinks about this whole thing. As soon as I get these processed, I'll send them up to your lover's wife and cash in. That's all I care about."

"You're cheaper than me," Abbey said with a grin. Lucy's irreverent attitude was somehow reassuring. Her friend was right, and Abbey knew it, deep down. She just had to admit to herself that it actually was about money-just not Damien Vane's. And not in exchange for sex.

"And he's not my lover," she added. "Well, technically he was, but not any more. I'm not going anywhere near Le Meridian, or even Collins Street for that matter, until he's left. I may be poor but I've got my pride."

"Good for you." Lucy slipped Abbey a sly smile. "You know, if you'd taken that money, we could be sipping cocktails about now."

Abbey playfully threw a pencil at her friend. It missed her by a mile. "Stop reminding me about the money. After the crap I heard come out of that arrogant jerk's mouth, I probably should've taken it. The guy's attitude is stuck in the Nineteen Eighties. I don't think the word 'sensitive' is even in his vocabulary."

"Pity I wasn't there," Lucy said having another look over the negatives. "I would've given him a talking to about how to treat a lady."

"And he'd turn around and tell you I wasn't a lady." Abbey sighed. She definitely hadn't behaved like a lady last night. She'd never slapped anyone across the face before, although she'd been tempted to in Tarken's office on Monday morning.

Damien Vane had had it coming though. Despite what Lucy said, being called a hooker was an insult, no matter how honest the mistake.

Besides, if she were a hooker, what did that make him? Pathetic, that's what.

She was going to forget Damien Vane.

"Vane by name, vain by nature," Abbey mumbled.

"Now, now, leave the poor guy alone. I think you just confused the hell out of him. He obviously needed to get laid and you just happened to be conveniently on his doorstep at the time."

"Lucky me."

"Hey, now I like this one." She pointed to one of the negatives. "It's quite artistic, if I do say so myself. I think we'll send Mrs. Vane this one. It doesn't show your face, so your anonymity will be preserved, but it has a great shot of him at the moment of truth. Here, have a look." Lucy couldn't afford to buy expensive digital cameras-not the kind that could do everything she needed-and she said she liked working with the older models anyway.

She shoved the roll under her friend's nose. Abbey turned away and held up her hands in protest. "No, I don't want to see them. I don't want to be reminded of my stupidity, okay? And I wish you wouldn't study those so closely. It's bad enough knowing you saw everything when it actually happened."

Lucy grinned. "Don't worry, Abbey Girl. I only saw up to the moment when you got dressed. I didn't see the slap."

Abbey frowned. "You know what I mean. Did you really have to watch the whole thing?"

Lucy stood. "Hell yes! It was fantastic! My own private p**n o movie. And this camera's a beauty. I zoomed in real close -"

"Lucy!"

Lucy laughed and Abbey couldn't help joining in. Her friend may be crude and probably did watch the whole thing, but she was discrete, and would never let anyone know what had happened. It was between the two of them. Strangely, Abbey felt just a little closer to Lucy because of it.

Last night, when she'd got back to the office block across the road from Le Meridian, Abbey had sprung Lucy in the middle of the floor of the darkened foyer, on top of the naked building supervisor. She coughed, once, but they either ignored her or were too involved in each other to notice. When the panting and gasping got too much for her, she'd waited outside until Lucy joined her.

Since then, Abbey had been thinking about Damien-and sex with Damien-non-stop. She alternated between hot flushes and cold anger. It wasn't fair that a man had that much power over her that he could change her body temperature just by thinking about him.

The phone rang on the desk and Abbey jumped.

Lucy picked it up. "Richmond P.I. How can I help you?"

She paused, pulled a face, and handed the receiver to Abbey.

"Who is it?"

"Tarken. Tell him where to go so we can go out for a drink."

Abbey sighed and put the phone to her ear. "What do you want, Tarken?"

"First of all, you can tell that slutty friend of yours that I'm not going anywhere until we've sorted everything out, Abbey." Tarken's voice softened. "I mean that. I want you back. I need you."

Abbey leaned back in the chair and sighed. "Office in chaos, is it?"

Tarken laughed lightly. Abbey knew him well enough to know it was fake. "Now, why do you think that? No, I just want you, you fool. I love you. I made a mistake with Melinda, a huge mistake."

"Too late, Tarken. A lot's changed in two days, and I wouldn't take you back if you paid me. And I'm so poor, that's not a statement you should take lightly. Got it? Now, unless there's something else, I'm going. I've got some serious drinking to do with Lucy."

"Wait! Abbey, don't go."

"Tarken, I'm busy. I'm helping Lucy with a big case she's working on."

Tarken paused on the other end of the line and she could almost hear his brain contemplating that piece of information. He'd be thinking that she wasn't so dependent on him after all, that her life was already moving ahead. Abbey smiled at the huge dent that realization would make in his ego.

"Who was that guy you were with last night?" he asked.

Abbey felt her heart thump as she thought about how Damien had defended her honor despite his inappropriate dress. Another thing that didn't fit the profile locked away in Lucy's filing cabinet. The Damien Vane she'd read about was a duplicitous two-timer, not a defender of women.

"None of your business," she snapped into the phone.

"He reminds me of somebody..."

"Well, that's nice to know. Good bye."

"Wait! One more thing."

"Yes?"

"That report by Driscoll-what would it be filed under?"

Abbey slammed down the phone. "How did you ever let me go out with that creep?" she asked Lucy.

Lucy held up her hands. "I didn't, remember? You insisted. You know, you should listen to me more."

"I should listen to you less. That way I wouldn't be in this mess with Damien Vane."

"What mess? I don't see a mess." Lucy came round the desk and placed an affectionate arm around her friend's shoulders and squeezed. "All I see is a woman and man having great sex together. Leave it at that, Abbey. Forget about him now. We got what we wanted."

Abbey nodded. "Yeah, I'm over-reacting, I know."

"You always were the sentimental one."

"I'm surprised you even know that word exists."

Lucy grinned. "Don't ask me to spell it."

They laughed and gave each other a hug.

"Come on," said Lucy, "lets go out for a drink."

"How are we going to pay?"

"I've got a little left over from the last job."

"But you might need it," Abbey protested.

Lucy shrugged. "We'll get the money from the Vane job soon, so don't sweat it. There's enough to last. It's only money."

Abbey stood and placed her hands on her hips. "Tomorrow I'm going to hit the interview path hard. And when I get a job I'm going to buy you drinks every night for a week."

Lucy grinned. "Sounds good to me."

She closed the office door and they walked down the corridor arm in arm.

Lucy's office was located in a rundown part of Richmond, in an old warehouse converted into tiny offices in desperate need of repair. Besides Lucy's P.I. office, there was a clinic specializing in male sexual problems, a debt collection agency, and a lawyer who'd just gotten out of prison after spending two years inside for fraud.

Not exactly the company Abbey liked her friend to mix with on a daily basis, but so far Lucy had had no trouble from her neighbors. And if she did, Abbey hated to think what would happen. Lucy had a black belt in Tai Kwon Do and judo. She'd seen her flip a man twice her size. Few people stood a chance when Lucy set her mind to something.

They hopped down the stairs, careful not to step on the broken one or touch the splintering balustrade, and opened the door. Outside, the heat hit them like a blast from a furnace.

"We'll take my car," said Lucy. "Days like this call for little sexy sports cars."

Abbey agreed. Lucy's car was a red convertible, just the sort of thing to be seen in on a hot day. At the beach.

"Let's go to St. Kilda," Abbey suggested.

"Great idea. We'll go for a swim then head to the Stoke House for a drink."

They got in the car and zoomed off. She wasn't dressed for swimming, but for once Abbey didn't care. Her short summer dress with the buttons up the front would dry quickly enough in this heat. She'd spent the last two nights doing things she wouldn't normally do, so why worry about a little thing like not wearing a swimming costume?

Lucy was dressed for anything, as usual. In her sexy, tight black shorts and white shoestring strapped top she would blend in with the cool rollerbladers, body builders and poseurs on St. Kilda's foreshore.

They both wore mandatory dark sunglasses and Lucy always kept a bottle of sunscreen in the glove box, so there was nothing they lacked for an afternoon at the beach.

Swimming and sun baking was just what Abbey needed to forget about Damien Vane.

***

The I.T. Director of the hospital droned on and on. Nick nodded at pertinent moments, like when he said he'd never seen a software package that could do everything he wanted, but he never really heard more than a few choice words. Fortunately, the director didn't seem to realize that Nick wasn't listening, nor did any of the others who visited Software Solutions stand at the seminar that day.

And fortunately, Nick had done enough demos already for them to become mechanical. Just as well, because his brain was not functioning normally. Maybe it was the lack of sleep and the heat.

Who was he kidding? He couldn't sleep because he couldn't stop thinking about Abbey. Just like he couldn't stop thinking about her now as the overweight, balding man droned on about his computer system needs.

Images of her luscious body filled his thoughts-her round br**sts, pert bottom and the way she sighed when he touched her.

And the way she'd slapped him.

Nick could still feel the sting of her hand on his cheek. Or maybe that was the sting to his ego. He'd never been slapped before, and he was damned sure he would never let his guard down enough that it would happen again.

It crossed his mind that he might have deserved it, but he shoved those thoughts away just as he tried to shove away thoughts of Abbey's naked body. He was unsuccessful on both counts.

So if she wasn't a hooker, what was she? And why did she have sex with him?

Maybe her story was true. Maybe she really was a masseur, employed by the hotel to give free massages to selected guests. Maybe the moment had just overcome her, as it had done him, and she'd been unable to resist the passion that had arisen between them. Maybe she'd enjoyed it so much on the first night she'd decided to come back for more.

But it still didn't add up. And it begged the question-how many other men had she been giving free "massages" to when the moment had just overcome her? Nick didn't want to think about that.

He nodded as the bald director ran through the configuration of their network and other dry details that Nick knew he should be listening to. The thought of Abbey coming back again, tonight, wanting him again, needing to make love to him like he needed to make love to her, was consuming him.

But it wouldn't happen. He'd insulted her. She hated him. No, Abbey wasn't coming back. He'd never see her again, of that he was sure. His gut tightened.

Maybe he could just hang around in the foyer until she appeared for work.

Nick shook his head. This was ridiculous. Her story was most likely a lie. And if she wasn't prepared to tell him last night who or what she was, then he didn't want to see her again.

No one lies to Nick Delaware, and no one makes a fool of him. Abbey had done both.

Nick sighed and wondered if it would be unprofessional to wind up this discussion. It was his last demo for the day and suddenly he had an urge to go to the beach. Maybe it was his subconscious thinking about Abbey again since she'd mentioned beaches at the restaurant. The thought of sun and sand was relaxing. He could spend the afternoon at a local beach, then return to the hotel to do some work. He had two major pharmaceutical companies to demo to tomorrow and he wanted their business. He needed to be prepared, and fresh. He needed to concentrate on the task, not on a naked Abbey.

An hour later, he was diving into the cool shallows of Port Phillip Bay. The rush of water over his skin was refreshing, soothing his frustrated temper. He stayed under until his lungs felt like they'd burst. Then he swam out, further out than anyone else, stroke over easy stroke, becoming one with the sea.

He floated on his back for a while, staring up at the impossibly blue sky, just like he used to do when he surfed at Bondi Beach in his younger, wilder days. He felt a twinge of regret that he hadn't really noticed how blue the summer sky was in nearly ten years.

Sentimental fool. He turned and swam back in. When he reached the beach he stood and walked up to the patch of sand where he'd left his towel. Two women now sat next to his things, invading his personal space. Great, now he would have to move, or tell them to.

As he drew closer, his heart took a dive as he recognized one of them-Abbey. Of all the beaches in Melbourne, she'd had to come to this one.

For a long moment, Nick stood frozen to the spot, watching her. She hadn't seen him yet. She sat with her friend, a pretty girl with blonde hair cropped short and a body as good as Abbey's.

Abbey was dressed in a pale blue dress that rose up high as she sat, revealing the luscious flesh of her thighs. The thin straps fell off her shoulders and she occasionally pushed them back up as she chatted. The dress hugged her figure tightly, especially around her br**sts, revealing their perfect outline.

Nick swallowed. He had no choice. If he wanted to retrieve his things, he needed to go up there where she'd notice him. Then he'd have to talk to her.

"Hello," he said, as he drew nearer.

Abbey looked up and her shock was evident despite the large, dark sunglasses that hid her eyes.

"Damien! What are you doing here?"

Nick flinched at the name. He probably should tell her his real name, but it was getting a bit late for the truth. What would she say if she learned he'd lied? What would she do if she realized she'd slept with the wrong man?

Now that thought was sickening. He shoved it out of his mind.

Besides, if she wasn't going to play straight with him, then he was going to keep this his little secret. At least for now. For all he knew, she could be a psychopath. This way, Vane would get the harassing phone calls in the middle of the night, not him.

"Taking the afternoon off. Looks like you decided to do the same."

"What?" Abbey stared at him blankly then blushed and glanced away. "Oh, I don't start at the hotel until later."

"Right."

So she was going to keep up the charade. Fine, so would he, Damien Vane. Nick glanced at Abbey's friend. She was grinning crookedly and her eyes were unashamedly traveling the length of his body. Scrutinizing. She nodded appreciatively.

"Very nice," she said quietly.

He raised one eyebrow and crossed his arms over his chest. "Look," he said to her, "I'd like to talk to Abbey alone, so if you wouldn't mind..."

"I mind!" said Abbey, standing.

Her friend also stood. She was small, pixie-like. Her grin had widened. Obviously she thought this was funny. Whereas Abbey seemed annoyed at him for dismissing her friend, the girl in question didn't seem to care one way or the other.

But she didn't leave either.

"Abbey," he said, "I want to talk to you privately."

"Lucy can hear whatever you want to say. We have no secrets from each other."

"Not any more," said Lucy.

Nick scowled. "What's that supposed to mean?"

Abbey blushed and Lucy's gaze moved to his crotch. "Just that Abbey tells me everything," she paused, "Big Boy."

Abbey's blush intensified. "Lucy!"

Abbey turned toward him and shrugged apologetically.

Nick glared at her. He didn't like being spoken to as if he were an object of amusement. And he didn't like his polite request being ignored. He'd asked for privacy and it appeared neither was about to let him have it. It was infuriating. No one in Sydney ever treated him like this. That's because they knew who he was and that he could buy most of them out of a job at the stroke of a pen. Here, in Melbourne, he was largely unknown. Especially in the circles that these two appeared to mix in.

Abbey glared back at him, crossing her arms. The movement pushed up her br**sts so that the flesh protruded over the top of her dress. Nick resisted the urge to touch them.

"Okay," he conceded, "I'll tell you what I want to tell you in front of her."

Abbey's brows rose above her glasses. She waited.

"I wanted to tell you I enjoyed last night. Very much."

Abbey didn't move. She'd become very still. Nick glanced at her friend, suddenly feeling self conscious that she was there, listening to this very private conversation.

Nick didn't like feeling self conscious.

"Abbey, please can we talk in private? What I want to say to you shouldn't be heard by anyone else."

"Don't worry about me, Mr. Vane," chirped Lucy. "Like I said, Abbey and I share everything."

"Lucy!" Abbey glared at her friend, caught Nick's hand and stormed off down the beach towards the water.

They splashed into the shallows but Abbey didn't stop until she was further away from the crowd. The water lapped about his waist. There were still people about, but not so many that they felt claustrophobic.

"Say it," said Abbey, rounding on him.

Nick caught her other hand and looked down at her. Suddenly he didn't know what to say. She certainly wasn't making this easy for him. The way her lips stretched into a taught white line and her jaw clenched, he could tell she was still angry with him from the night before.

"Abbey," he began, scanning her face. He knew what he had to say so he should just say it. "Abbey, I'm sorry." There, he'd said it-the S word.

"That it?"

Nick shrugged.

"Good." She snapped her hands out of his and began to wade back to the shore.

"Abbey, wait!" He leapt after her, splashing violently until he reached her. He grabbed her hand, receiving a few strange looks from passing swimmers for his efforts. He ignored them.

"What do you want, Damien? I've had enough of these games, and Lucy's waiting."

"This isn't a game, Abbey." He sighed. He'd already apologized. What more did she want? "I really am sorry for what I called you. It was rude and I was out of line. It's just that I didn't know...I thought you were..." He sighed. "Okay, I jumped to the wrong conclusion, despite all the evidence pointing to that conclusion. But I have to admit, your weird explanation isn't helping me to figure you out."

Abbey stiffened. "Figure what out?" she asked crisply.

From her body language it appeared his second attempt at an apology hadn't worked either. He couldn't think why not-he may not be very experienced when it came to apologizing but he'd said 'Sorry'. What more did she expect?

Nick threw his hands in the air. "Figure out who you are! What you want from me! Why you came up to my room!"

"And why I had sex with you?"

Nick nodded. Good, she was beginning to understand his predicament.

Abbey looked down at the water swirling around her rib cage. She skimmed her hands along the surface, studying the rippling pattern as if it fascinated her.

"Abbey?"

She looked up. Her jaw was set firm.

"I'm a masseur. I work for the hotel. That's who I am."

"Damn it, Abbey, this isn't fair. I'm trying to get to know you-"

"Why?"

The question caught Nick off guard. He shrugged. "Because I like you." It was true, he realized. There was something about her that he was attracted to. It wasn't just physical either.

Abbey made a noise in the back of her throat that sounded like a growl.

"It's just sex," she said quietly. She looked up at him. He wished she'd take off the sunglasses so he could see her eyes. He would know her true feelings then. He'd know if she really meant that.

"Is that what you think?" he asked quietly.

She shrugged casually. A strap of her dress fell from her shoulder. He hooked a finger under it and gently pushed it back up, skimming his fingers along her skin as he did so. She was hot to touch. Hot and smooth and he wanted to feel more of her. His hand moved from her shoulder to her throat, then down across one breast, caressing languidly. He squeezed gently and received a gasp in response.

"Don't," she whispered, glancing around.

"Why not? I want you, Abbey."

She peered up at him, and he thought he could see her eyelids fluttering behind the dark glasses.

"Why not?" he asked again.

"Because of last night."

"I said I was sorry. What more do you want?"

"Do you still think I'm a hooker?"

"No." Nick didn't really know whether that was a lie or not. He still wasn't one hundred percent sure.

She nodded, apparently satisfied that he spoke the truth.

He bent his head and kissed her lightly on the lips. Her mouth was moist and tasted of salt. He licked and she leaned into him. He was glad the water came to his waist because he was already stiffening.

But Abbey pulled away. "This is getting out of control."

Nick knitted his brows. "It is? I thought we were just two consenting adults, enjoying each other's company. No strings attached, like you said. Am I wrong?"

His heart thudded in his rib cage. He wanted to be wrong. He wanted her to tell him he couldn't be more wrong.

"No." Her voice was firm, direct. "You're not wrong. Two consenting adults," she agreed.

He nodded, smiled tentatively. So it was just sex to Abbey. He was a fool to think the last two nights had meant anything more to her. He was a fool to let himself think it meant more to him. Because it didn't. She was right, this was just sex.

So why did his chest hurt so much? Why did he have an overwhelming urge to make her realize it was something more?

Nick leaned forward to kiss her again. The moment their lips touched, an electric shock shot through his system. He wanted her. He wanted to feel her wrapped around him.

"Not here," she whispered.

"Okay." Nick's voice was hoarse, even to his own ears.

He took her hand and waded through the water, further away from the beach, Abbey trailing behind him. She didn't resist.

"Where are we going?"

He turned to look at her over his shoulder and smiled reassuringly. "Far enough out for privacy. Total privacy."

Her big blue eyes stared at him. "Why?"

"You know why," he murmured.

"Tell me," she said thickly.

"Because I'm going to make love to you in the water, in front of a beach full of people."

CHAPTER 6

Abbey's pulse quickened. He wouldn't. Would he?

The further away from the beach they got and the higher the water rose, the more she thought he actually meant what he said.

By the time the water covered her br**sts, they were almost alone, although it still wasn't overly private. Damien kept wading, holding her hand beneath the water.

"You're not kidding, are you?"

He turned, stopped, and picked her up. He glanced around.

"Just a little further. But it'll probably be over your head." He glanced down at her and grinned. "Hold on."

Abbey had no intention of letting go. Not with the muscles in his arms and chest flexing against her br**sts. His body was fabulous beneath her -glistening droplets of water beaded across broad shoulders, the hairs on his chest barely hiding the erect ni**les, the hard muscles.

She skimmed her fingers across one shoulder, brushing off the drops, touching his warm skin. He felt good. No, he felt fantastic.

Her dress floated around her body, revealing everything from her waist down. She didn't care. Damien was holding her, one hand around her waist, the other below her bottom. He squeezed, caressed her flesh. Her skin puckered into tiny goose bumps.

She could hear his breathing quickening and wondered whether hers was too. She kissed him lightly on the neck, tasting the salt of the sea on his skin. She nibbled his ear and heard him suck in a deep breath.

Her fingers massaged his shoulders, around to the back of his neck, into his hair where she grabbed a fist full and pulled his head back. She kissed him on the lips. He kissed her fiercely back.

Then he stopped. The water lapped at his shoulders.

"This will have to do," he whispered. "I can't wait any longer."

"Neither can I."

He shifted his arms and drew her around to face him. He held her tightly and she locked her legs around his waist. The only part of them above water was their necks and heads. There was no one within earshot although they would be clearly visible from the beach.

Abbey could feel Damien's hardness inside his shorts, prodding her. He was throbbing as he rubbed himself along her thigh, setting a rhythm.

He kissed her fiercely, deeply. She loved the way he tasted. She loved the feel of his tongue-silken, exploring her, devouring her. No man had ever kissed her with such hunger before.

He kissed her lips, her chin, descended to taste her throat. She bent her head back, dipping her hair into the water, and moaned at the way his lips felt against the sensitive flesh.

"Abbey," he whispered. "I want you, Abbey. So much."

As one hand held her, the other came round to fondle her br**sts beneath the water. With his touch and the cool water, it didn't take long before they elongated into points, despite the barrier of her dress.

She arched her body into him, thrusting her ni**les into his chest. She wanted his hand to go on, and he drew in a breath through his teeth.

He nuzzled her throat, kissing and licking her, while his hand worked. He unbuttoned the dress to her waist and it fell away. His hand delved inside. He cupped a breast beneath the water, squeezed, teased the nipple through her bra.

Then, as if he couldn't stand the fabric barrier any longer, his hand shoved aside the bra and flesh met flesh.

The sensations came thick and fast. The heat coursed from her ni**les to her thighs, made her hot little nub ache for him. Abbey felt like she was burning up, from the inside out, and suddenly she couldn't control herself any longer. She moaned as he rubbed her br**sts, played with the ni**les, first one then the other.

"Yes," she whispered.

She wanted him. She wanted to take him in front of everyone.

She fumbled with his shorts, drawing them down far enough so his erection bobbed free. She clutched it and stroked along the thick shaft. He gasped in her ear and his hand tightened around her breast.

"Now," he whispered hoarsely.

But Abbey wanted the pleasure to last. She wanted to tease him the way he was teasing her. She laced her fingers around him, circling him, and gently pushed down the shaft to the base, then slowly back again.

She thought she heard him whimper. When his hand slowed at her breast, then rested, cupping one, she knew she had him close to the edge. His breathing became heavy, his heart thumped against hers, and his whispers more urgent.

"Abbey. Yes, yes... oh, yes."

Then, as if his self control had suddenly awoken, his hand moved from her breast, down to her panties. A finger explored around the lacy edge. He pushed aside the fabric and his fingers delved inside. When he touched her swollen core, Abbey gasped and her thighs convulsed, sending the water lapping around their shoulders.

She kissed him hard on the lips without letting go of his thick erection. She continued her massaging, her cupping and rubbing, and his own stroking intensified, as if urged on by his growing desire.

When a long finger slipped inside her, Abbey bit his lip, her body instinctively pushing into him so the finger could go deeper. The hot pulses inside her quickened and expanded. A muscle convulsed in anticipation.

The finger eased out, slowly, excruciatingly slowly.

"No, don't stop," she whispered against his lips. Her own stroking increased as if to encourage him, and she heard him catch his breath.

The palm cupping her dragged against her, rubbing the engorged nub and again Abbey's thighs convulsed. Then, without warning, not one but two fingers shot into her.

The palm rubbed, teasingly touched the sensitive spot, as the fingers drew in and out, sending her into a frenzy.

Damien grunted, sucked in two quick, ragged breaths and withdrew his hand, at the same time removing hers from his throbbing erection. Then with a hard, desperate thrust of his hips, he dove into her to the hilt and let out a long, low growl.

The water at their shoulders sloshed as they moved together, lips and bodies locked in a wet, hot kiss until convulsions gripped them both.

When Abbey's body finally stopped shuddering, she looked up from where she'd let her head fall on Damien's shoulder and she smiled weakly.

He smiled back at her, and the arm around her back gripped tighter, drawing her closer. He held her for a long moment until she finally pulled away. A difficult endeavor with her legs still around his waist and him still inside her.

"We should get back," she said. "Before anyone notices."

He nodded, swallowed. His expression was serious as he brushed the hair from her face, then lifted her sunglasses and placed them on her head.

"Uh, Abbey," he muttered. He touched her cheek with a finger and kissed the tip of her nose.

"Hmmm?"

"About last night..."

She sighed. She didn't want to talk about last night anymore. Talking only seemed to raise their tempers and get them into trouble.

"I know," she said, "you're sorry. I forgive you."

His eyebrows rose. "Really?"

"Don't sound so surprised. Yes, I do, but let's drop the subject, okay?"

He seemed to consider that very seriously.

"Abbey, I want to see you again. Tonight, tomorrow, Friday -"

She placed a finger to his lips. "Don't say anymore. Don't make promises you can't keep."

He stared at her, then shook his head. "I never do that."

She nodded. He was going to say more. He was going to ask her to go to Sydney, fly up and meet him there. She couldn't do that. Whatever happened here, stayed here in Melbourne and mustn't continue. He was married. He had mistresses. She'd already added to that tally, but that was all she was going to do. She wasn't going to be made a fool of when he dumped her. Which she knew he'd do when he got tired of her -his profile suggested he would. She refused to be dealt with that way. She'd learned her lesson with Tarken.

Besides, she wasn't going to be someone's mistress, not on any long term basis, anyway. She couldn't do it. It was way too gut wrenching knowing that someone else was sharing your man. This man. No. It would hurt for a while when he left to return to Sydney, but it had to end. It was for the best.

Because, Abbey realized, she wanted it all. Marriage, babies, one man, one woman. Love. And, it seemed this man wasn't able to give any of those things to her. Not exclusively.

It was just sex to him. He'd already said so. He'd made it clear that this was nothing more to him that a nice way to spend a few days in a new city.

Hell, the guy probably still thought she was a hooker, despite his apology. That wouldn't surprise her either. Damien Vane wouldn't have any qualms about continuing a sexual relationship with a professional. It fitted his profile exactly.

But despite the enjoyment she got out of sleeping with him, there was no way she was going to continue the liaison beyond this week. Perhaps she'd stop it after today, now. It was beginning to sap her energy. Not the sex-the emotion.

Abbey closed her eyes to try to block out the pain. Why did it feel this way? It wasn't supposed to. Not after two nights, not with a man who had a different woman for every week in the year.

Not with a man who had a wife.

She unlocked her legs from his waist and swam to shallower waters where she could stand. She heard him splashing after her. When he caught up, he stood in front of her, blocking her path.

He stared down at her intensely, his eyes suddenly darker, ominous. She pulled her sunglasses back down so he couldn't see hers. She didn't want him to identify the sadness there.

"Are you okay?" he asked quietly.

She shrugged. "Sure."

He took a deep breath. "So will I see you again?"

"Maybe."

He nodded solemnly. "I see."

She didn't know what he saw. A hooker? A woman who slept with a man while her friend took photos? A woman in deeper than she wanted to be?

If he still believed she was a hooker, maybe Abbey should play up that angle. At least when he thought she was a hooker he was cold towards her, and that made it easier for her to hate him. Right now she preferred to hate him than accept the other emotion that was developing.

On the other hand, maybe he realized he couldn't have her because he already had too many women in his life. Maybe he was one of those men who actually fell in love with all his mistresses to some degree. She'd read about them. They fall in love with women, all women, and end up sleeping around, thinking they're in love with each of them. Until the next woman comes along and they fall in love all over again. In reality they're just men unable to maintain a commitment to one single woman.

That sounded like Damien Vane, the man in the profile in Lucy's filing cabinet.

It didn't sound like the man she'd just made love to. But what did she know? She'd met him only two days ago, on the day she learned that her long-term boyfriend had cheated on her. When it came to instincts, Abbey's had led her a merry dance. She couldn't trust them.

"I see," he said again, moving aside to let her pass. She swam until her feet touched the sandy bottom and hooked up her bra and buttoned her dress. Then she waded to where Lucy waited. She wasn't alone. A large, muscular gorilla-like man slickly oiled from head to toe, lay beside her.

"You two back already?" Lucy asked, one hand on the gorilla's forearm. "I was hoping you'd take longer."

"I want to go," said Abbey quickly.

"Well, I was thinking of hanging around a bit."

"Yeah," said the gorilla.

"Why don't you two go get yourselves a drink and I'll meet you somewhere later," Lucy suggested.

"Yeah," said the gorilla.

"Why not?" said Damien. "I saw a nice bar-"

"No!" Abbey stormed off. Hadn't he worked it out yet? Did she have to spell it out to him? This couldn't go any further. It was wrong.

A small arm snaked around her. Lucy was by her side, squeezing her waist.

"Sorry, Abbey Girl, I got a bit carried away. Wherever you want to go, we'll go there."

Abbey suddenly felt very tired. "I want to go home."

"Sure thing. I'm sorry. I thought you and Vane were getting on fine. It looked like it from where I was sitting. I started getting antsy while I watched so when that guy came over I thought I'd fill in some time talking to him. Well," she giggled, "not really talking. The guy can't string two words together."

Abbey giggled despite herself. She turned, looked over her shoulder, telling herself she was having another look at Lucy's gorilla. But her eyes were drawn only to Damien, who stood semi-naked, dripping wet, and staring after her.

***

Nick half expected -hoped -Abbey would be at the hotel when the taxi dropped him off. But she wasn't. She wasn't in the foyer and she wasn't in his suite.

It was frustrating. She was frustrating. He didn't understand her. One minute she wanted him, the next she was shrugging him off.

He turned on the shower and stood under the running water. It was cleansing, washing away the salt, the sand, Abbey.

But it didn't wash away the image of her face, her cheeky grin and her pouting, kissable lips.

What had happened in the water today? She'd been so keen, then so cold. He could almost see her mind ticking over, weighing something up, digesting.

Did she not believe him when he said he was sorry? Did she think that he still thought she was a hooker?

Nick placed his hands against the cool blue tiles and bent his head forward. The water rushed down his neck, his spine, soothing, much like Abbey's fingers had done on the first night she'd entered his room.

Or was she just concerned that this was going too far? That a one night-stand should be just that-one night.

In truth, it was beginning to worry him now too. CEO's don't fall for loose women in strange cities. They date nice, respectable women with moneyed backgrounds and amenable personalities. Not wild-haired, impudent women who wear skimpy outfits, and claim to be masseurs.

But if Abbey was concerned that this was going too far and too fast, why had she agreed to make love to him in the water today?

Why had he for that matter?

The answer to that was too easy but opened up a whole new can of worms-because he wanted to.

Nick sighed deeply and turned off the taps. He dried himself, dressed in a light, casual shirt and trousers and opened the door. He stepped into the corridor, pressed the elevator button and waited.

In the foyer, he strode to the reception desk and waited impatiently for the dark-haired woman on duty to finish checking in another guest.

"May I help you, Mr. Vane?" she asked.

"Yes." Nick paused. This could quite possibly be the most humiliating experience of his life. But it would help him discover the truth about Abbey. Right now, that was more important than his dignity. He swallowed. He never thought anything could be that important. But it was.

"Yes," he said again, straightening. "There's a girl who, um, may or may not work here."

"Yes?" prompted the woman, Belinda-according to her name tag. She wore a polite but bland expression on her face, just like every other hotel receptionist around the world.

"Her name's Abbey. I don't know her last name."

"I don't know any Abbeys. Is she in housekeeping?"

"Um, no. At least I don't think so."

"Right. Reception?"

"No."

Belinda raised her eyebrows as if to say, "Well?"

"She's a masseur."

"A masseur?" The eyebrows nearly flew off her face.

"She gives massages to your guests." Nick could feel his face heating up. Control, Delaware, get a grip.

"I don't think we offer that kind of service to our guests," said Belinda, a hint of amusement in her otherwise polite voice.

"Is your manager here?"

"No. But I'm sure we can clear this up without involving him. What sort of massages does she give?"

Belinda was clearly amused now and Nick's temper was heating up. So was his face.

"The usual kind. Not...the other sort." Well, only with him. He hoped.

"Other sort?"

"Yes, you know." Nick waved his hand in the air. "The other sort. The sort you don't tell your wife about."

Belinda's mouth twitched. "Of course. Let me get this straight. You're after an employee named Abbey who gives massages, but not the kind of massage you can't tell your wife about. Is that it?"

"More or less."

"Mr. Vane, I think I can say on behalf of Le Meridian that we don't offer massages of any kind. However, if a woman is posing as hotel staff and charging for massages, of a kind you can tell your wife about-"

"She doesn't charge."

Belinda's brown eyes widened. "Free massages?"

"Yes. Compliments of hotel management."

"I think there's been a mistake, Mr. Vane."

"So do I. I'm sorry I took up your time."

Nick strode away, blood rushing in his ears. He'd never felt like a bigger fool.

"Ah, Mr. Vane."

He turned round and Belinda waved him back to the desk.

"What?"

She leaned forward on the desk, her chin in her hand. The politely bland expression replaced by a flirtatious one.

"If you need a massage, I'm sure we can arrange one. Of either kind." She smiled wickedly then winked.

Nick cleared his throat. "Thanks." He turned and walked quickly to the elevator.

Back in his room, he closed the door and leaned against it. At least he knew for sure that Abbey was lying.

Now he just had to figure out why.

***

Abbey sipped her gin and tonic and settled back into the chair on the balcony of her Armadale apartment. The view wasn't spectacular-just the leaves of the trees from the house next door-but she didn't care. Her mind was still on that afternoon at the beach. And the man she'd slept with yet again.

She'd been a fool she told herself. A damn fool for letting it get this far. It was supposed to be just sex. Nothing more than a roll in the hay with a stranger.

But Abbey's heart was telling her otherwise.

"Forget about him, Abbey Girl," said Lucy, holding the neck of a beer bottle. She threw her head back and swallowed a mouthful.

"He's an S.O.B. He can't keep it in his pants, and you just happen to be the lucky girl in Melbourne. Or the unlucky one."

Abbey sighed. "I know that." She did. She really did know it.

Dusk had settled serenely across Melbourne and its suburbs. The quiet hum of traffic in the background provided a distant reminder of where they were, but the surrounding trees and orange-tinged sky made it feel like the middle of nowhere.

Abbey loved her apartment. Located in one of Melbourne's better suburbs, rent was expensive and the space miniscule, but it was close to everything and the surrounding million-dollar mansions made her feel wealthy.

She was far from it. They couldn't even afford a pizza between the two of them, so Abbey had to cook. Something she hated doing. Something Lucy refused to do, so she'd watched, sitting on a stool at the kitchen bench, sipping her beer as Abbey threw the entire contents of her fridge into a wok. The stir fry wasn't bad but it was rather bland.

Now, as she sat on the balcony, she wondered what Damien was eating. Had he gone back to the restaurant where she'd performed her fancy footwork on him?

She laughed quietly at the memory.

"What's so funny?"

Abbey shrugged. "Just thinking about last night at the restaurant."

Lucy snickered. Abbey had told her about that too.

"Bet he'll never be able to dine out again without thinking of you."

Abbey grinned. "That could get embarrassing."

"Good."

Abbey sighed again.

"Forget about him," Lucy said. "The guy's a creep. You deserve someone better."

"Do I?"

Lucy moved her chair closer to Abbey's and put an arm around her. "Of course you do. And you'll find him one day. A guy who's programmed not to cheat on his wife. A guy who's not an arrogant pig."

"Do they exist?"

Lucy smiled. "I'm hardly the girl to answer that now, am I."

Abbey laughed then sobered. "I've been really stupid, this time, haven't I?"

"This time? Nah. You've done some far more stupid things."

"Like putting up with Tarken for two years?"

"Yeah. Wonder what he's doing now that he's lost the only person who knows how to run that office?"

Abbey grinned. "Hopefully getting fired."

"Hopefully getting dumped by Melinda."

Abbey shook her head. "She wouldn't. She's too nice. Poor girl. She doesn't know what he's like."

"Neither did you, remember?"

Abbey shrugged. "You're right, and I should listen to you more, oh Wise Woman."

Lucy squared her small shoulders and puffed out her chest. "That's right. You should. And this Wise Woman is telling you to forget about Damien Vane, and get back into your life. Go get yourself a job."

Abbey saluted. "Yes, Ma'am."

"I mean it, Abbey Girl," said Lucy slumping back into her chair. "Damien's a jerk. Guys who cheat on their wives always are. You need to treat them the way they treat women-like they're not important. It's the only way they learn."

Abbey dragged a hand over her face and through her hair. Salt water and a stiff breeze had turned it into a mass of uncontrolled curls.

"I shouldn't have had sex with him in the water today," she said. "I wasn't going to, but the heat of the moment just took over."

Lucy giggled. "No you shouldn't have, but you're one up on me. I've never done it in front of a beach full of people."

Abbey felt her face color. "Did anyone notice?"

Lucy shook her head. "Just me. And boy, was I getting turned on watching you two. I was ready to drag that guy off when you returned."

Abbey's face burned. "You're impossible," she said. "And you can do better than that gorilla. The guy had muscles where there shouldn't be any."

Lucy giggled then sobered. "Seriously Abbey, maybe you shouldn't have had sex with Vane today, but what's done is done. Now just forget about him." She squeezed her friend's arm. "Once you get a job you'll feel more like yourself and you'll realize what an idiot you've been."

"Gee, thanks."

"Any time."

Abbey knew she meant well. It's just that she didn't think getting back into the routine of life was going to make her forget about Damien so easily. Not if the cold stab in the vicinity of her heart was anything to go by.

The phone in Lucy's bag rang and she ran inside to get it. A few moments later she was out on the balcony again.

"That was the gorilla from the beach."

"You gave him your number?"

"Sure, why not. He wants to see me tonight."

"Are you going?"

Lucy shrugged.

"Go on, off you go. I'm fine."

Lucy sat down again. "I'm not leaving you. You need a friend right now. Besides, I don't know if I liked him all that much, now that I think about it."

"Since when did you have to like them?"

Lucy grinned. "Maybe you're beginning to rub off on me."

"I wish you'd rub off on me. I wish I could just have meaningless sex and not get emotionally involved. A few days ago I thought I could but it seems I'm just not wired that way."

"That's because you're doing it wrong. You need to pick a guy you have absolutely no interest in. Someone like the gorilla whose vocabulary consists of monosyllabic words only. That way there's no danger of getting emotionally involved because the only emotion he can express involves sex and beer. Possibly at the same time."

Abbey giggled.

"Hey, I've got an idea. How about I hook you up with one of mine?"

"That's very generous of you, Lucy," Abbey said with a wry smile, "but I don't think so."

"Why not?" Lucy looked thoughtfully up at the rapidly darkening sky. Her face brightened and she turned back to her friend. "How about Mick the plumber? His hands are rough, but he's got a large dick. And as an added bonus, he'll unclog your sink."

Abbey laughed. "No thanks."

"Okay, what about Lance? Sensitive new age guy. He recites poetry when he's climaxing. Actually, on second thoughts, he's not a good idea. The last thing you need right now is a sensitive man."

"I don't need any man, thank you."

"Don't be silly. Listen to me-I know you better than you know yourself. Okay, there's a guy I met about a month ago at the races. He's got a huge gambling problem so he can't buy you dinner, but he will give you a good tip. Or there's Vaughn. Well hung, knows all the best moves and is as supple as a gymnast." Lucy paused. "On second thoughts, I think I'll keep that one for myself."

Abbey giggled. "Stop it, Lucy, this is serious."

"I know! Why don't you take the gorilla? You're completely incompatible so he'd be perfect. No chance you'd fall for a moron like him."

"Lucy!"

Lucy held up her hands. "Okay, okay. I tried."

Abbey nodded, still smiling. "Thanks, but I think I'll wallow in self pity for awhile."

Lucy glared at her but said nothing. Abbey breathed a sigh of relief. She meant well, but Lucy didn't understand how she felt. She didn't really understand it herself, but she knew it was more than just sex.

As unlikely as it seemed, she had feelings for Damien Vane.

And that scared her more than anything.

CHAPTER 7

Tarken hated these things. Not only were they dull, but software demonstrations were something only computer geeks could get a kick out of. He was an administrator, a manager, not an I.T. specialist. That's why he'd brought Donaldson along-to talk geek-talk. Tarken was at the Crown Complex software seminar to talk numbers. Donaldson didn't have a clue about money, but he knew everything about software. Tarken knew everything about money and nothing about computers, except how to read and send email. Together they made a formidable team.

Which was good, because the sooner they cut through the sales crap, the sooner they could leave. There were only three software packages relevant to the health care and pharmaceuticals industry, and they'd already had demos of two of them. Software Solutions was the last.

Donaldson pointed to the stand and they headed that way. There seemed to be only one person standing there. Good, that meant they could railroad the salesman with questions and figures, put him on the back foot and get him to commit to a deal in their favor on the spot. Then they could get out of there.

"Excuse me, we'd like a demonstration," he said in his most authoritative voice.

The man turned around and Tarken took a step back, crashing into Donaldson. "You! What are you doing here?"

It was the man he'd seen having dinner with Abbey. His Abbey.

Tarken straightened, drew himself up to his full height-which was still a good four inches less that this fellow, he realized-and glared back at the dark haired man.

His face was grave and a small muscle jumped in his throat. He looked like a man barely holding onto his self control. Tarken swallowed.

"My name is Damien Vane," the man said. He held out his hand. "I believe we met the other night."

Tarken swallowed at the sound of that voice. It was the same voice that had sent the waiter scuttling over and him eager to leave on Tuesday night. In the cold light of day, Tarken wasn't proud of his hasty retreat then. He should've stayed and confronted him. He should have fought for Abbey.

"Yes," said Tarken, shaking his hand, "I believe we did. Are you the Software Solutions representative?"

He nodded. "And you are?"

"Tarken Pratt from JJC Pharmaceuticals. This is my associate, Max Donaldson. We'd like to have a look at your application."

"Certainly," said Vane stiffly. He led them to a table where a laptop was set up and he began to run through the features of his software.

After ten minutes, Tarken yawned loudly. "Okay, I think we've seen enough. Come on, Donaldson, let's go."

"But I've got a million questions," cried Donaldson. "What operating systems can it run on?"

Tarken rolled his eyes and Vane launched into his spiel. Donaldson, curse him, asked his million questions and Vane, double curse him, answered them all smoothly.

The guy knew his stuff, that much was clear even to him.

Finally Donaldson finished. His smile indicated he was satisfied with the answers.

Tarken wondered if all of Vane's customers came away satisfied. Did Abbey?

He let out a loud huff and politely thanked Vane for his time while hustling Donaldson away from the stand. He should've started the ball rolling on a deal, but he just wanted to get away and think this through first.

They were halfway across the room when he felt a large hand clamp down on his shoulder. He winced. He knew it had been too easy. Vane wanted to confront him on Abbey's behalf, probably prove how macho he was, and tell him not to call her again. Well, too bad. He wasn't giving up on Abbey that easily, especially not to a computer salesman.

"Mr. Pratt, I'd like to talk to you."

Tarken spun round, ready to do battle. The grim determination on the other man's face made him stop. Going by the grip on his shoulder, this guy could beat him to a pulp if he felt like it.

Maybe Tarken could keep him talking. If he remained inside, where hundreds of people were milling about, what could the guy to do to him?

"Please call me Tarken," said Tarken. "Is this about business?"

"No."

"I didn't think so." He turned to Donaldson. "I'll meet you back at the office."

Donaldson smiled awkwardly, glanced from one man to the other, then scurried away.

"Look, Vane," said Tarken, puffing out his chest, "Abbey's my girlfriend."

"She told me you broke up. You slept with a girl called Melinda."

"That was a small misunderstanding. I've realized I can't live without Abbey. I've called her and explained and it's only a matter of time before we're back together."

"I don't think so."

"You don't think so? And what's my relationship with Abbey got to do with you?"

"That's none of your business."

The man's eyes flashed at him like two black opals.

Tarken cleared his throat. "This conversation is getting nowhere. If you've said all you want to say-"

"I haven't."

Vane glanced away thoughtfully and Tarken wondered if this indicated a chink in the armor.

"I wanted to ask you something about Abbey."

"And what makes you think I'll answer anything you want to know?"

Vane's lips drew into thin white lines. "Because something tells me you're afraid of me."

Tarken blinked in surprise. He laughed. "I'm not afraid of you. Why would I be? In fact, you should be afraid of me. I'm a potential customer. I could decide to not buy your software. I could decide to spread nasty rumors about how terrible your software is, and how much of an arrogant scumbag Software Solutions' VP of Marketing is."

"Go ahead," said Vane. "And while you're at it don't forget that I'm a womanizing drunk. That detail is very important."

Tarken took a step backwards. This man was mentally unbalanced. Maybe he should at least listen to his questions, just in case he was a maniac. Besides, he didn't have to actually answer any of them.

"Go on."

"Where can I find Abbey?"

Tarken laughed. "You mean you don't know?"

But Vane didn't nod or shake his head. He just stood, stoically, staring unblinking at him. Then he took a step forward and grabbed Tarken on the arm. And squeezed.

Tarken flinched. This guy looked dangerous enough that he might cause trouble.

"I won't give you her address. I don't trust you." The grip on his arm tightened. "Okay, okay. I'll give you Lucy's office address. That's her best friend, in case you didn't know. Richmond P.I." He recited the address of the decrepit little office. Let him deal with Lucy. If she didn't scare him off then he deserved Abbey as a prize for bravery.

Vane's brows drew together. He didn't let go of Tarken's arm. "Richmond P.I.? Lucy's a private investigator?"

Tarken nodded. "You really don't know much about Abbey, do you?"

Vane glared at him. "Tell me then."

Tarken shrugged. Just the bare facts, he thought. Nothing personal. "She's helping Lucy out on a case right now."

Vane's eyes narrowed. "What sort of case?"

"How should I know?"

"So you're not her boyfriend?"

Tarken shrugged and sighed. "Not since she found out about Melinda. But that's over now, and I'm going to get her back. So don't get in my way, Vane."

The arrogant S.O.B. actually smiled at that. No, not a smile, a snarl. A vicious one.

"I figure there's not much money in Lucy's line of work so in a few days Abbey will come crawling back."

Vane frowned, then a shadow of alarm flashed across his black eyes. Good. Whatever he'd said was having an affect.

"You give her money?"

"Well, yeah. Good money. She works pretty hard for it though. And I have to admit, she's good at what she does."

The hand on his arm tightened and Tarken swallowed. Already his limb was becoming numb from the lack of blood flow. But it was worth it just to see the look on Vane's face. It was almost a look of...fear?

"I didn't really realize how good until she quit. Always the way though, isn't it? You're employees leave and you find no one else in the company knows how to do what they do. I've advertised for a replacement, but so far the agency hasn't come up with a suitable applicant."

Vane's grip relaxed and so did Tarken, clenching and unclenching his fist to get the blood flowing again. Vane frowned at him, his eyebrows knitted.

"She works for you?"

"That's what I just said."

"What does she do."

"Nothing, she quit."

"Before she quit, Idiot."

Tarken smarted. "She was my personal assistant."

Vane's arm dropped to his side. "Personal assistant?" His voice was vague, distant.

Good. He had Vane on the ropes. He didn't know how he'd managed it, but that didn't matter. It was the end result that was important, and the end result was that Vane was on the back foot. Obviously his answers were the opposite of what Vane had expected to hear. Or wanted to hear. Excellent. Tarken was winning. He enjoyed winning.

"Yeah, my P.A. Things are a little hectic since she left, but when I get her back, it'll be okay again."

"And how will you get her back, Tarken?"

Tarken didn't like the inflection in Vane's voice when he said his name. It was arrogant, self-assured. The uncertainty of moments ago had completely disappeared from the computer salesman's tone.

"Offer her more money of course." He snorted. What a stupid man Vane was.

***

The taxi was taking way too long. Nick drummed his fingers on his knee, glanced at the ancient driver squinting through bottle-thick glasses at the traffic, and willed him to hurry.

The day had dragged on after Tarken had left the seminar. Nick hadn't felt the urge to punch someone since he was twenty, but he'd been very close to punching Tarken's patrician nose when he'd spoken about Abbey as if she were an object, easily bought.

The guy was a first class idiot, and he didn't understand what Abbey had ever seen in him. She could do much better than the likes of him. He'd tell her that too, when he saw her.

Hopefully that would be soon.

He'd thought about calling Lucy's office first, but decided he'd rather speak to Abbey face to face. What he wanted to say couldn't be said over the phone. Actually, he didn't really know what he wanted to say to her yet, but at least the taxi ride gave him a chance to think things through.

To think about what Tarken had said.

Abbey wasn't a hooker. That was definitely a load off his shoulders. He should've believed her when she told him, but that wasn't his fault. He liked proof, and all the evidence had pointed to her being a less than reputable woman. The masseur story, sex within minutes of meeting him, and then again the next night. And of course, the clothes had 'easy' written all over them.

Nick drew in a deep breath to calm himself down. They were traveling through a nice part of town, east of the city center, but the houses quickly became smaller and denser as they crossed a major intersection.

"Richmond," said the driver. "Good factory outlets and seconds shops if you're looking for a new suit."

"No thanks."

The taxi pulled into a street, turned a few corners, then stopped outside a warehouse. The street was full of warehouses. Some looked like they'd been converted into trendy apartments with balconies and garages. Others, with crumbling facades and broken windows looked less loved.

Nick paid the driver and got out. He scanned the dull brass labels beside the glass door and spotted the P.I. agency. Suite 2C. He pushed open the dirty glass door and entered.

The hallway smelled moldy and the carpet looked it. Nick held his breath as he glanced at the staircase. He went up, dodged the broken step, and paused at the top of the landing. It was darker on this level with no natural light. There were no windows in the corridor.

The first door belonged to a lawyer's office, the second to a medical clinic and the third was Richmond P.I. Nick knocked on the grimy opaque glass door. No answer. He knocked louder. Still no answer.

Damn. He should've called. He really didn't want to have to go all the way back to the hotel and return again another time. Maybe he should wait. Lucy would arrive eventually and point him in Abbey's direction if she wasn't with her.

He leaned against the wall and paint flaked off onto his sleeve. Enough of this. There was only one option. He would break in.

It wouldn't be breaking and entering, as such. More like just entering. He wasn't going to steal anything or break anything. He just wanted to talk to Abbey. He might as well wait in relative comfort.

He bent and studied the lock. Nothing fancy. He fished in his pocket for his wallet and pulled out a credit card and lock picks. Old habits died hard. He still carried although he hadn't used them in a long time.

The lock was just about to give way when a door opened along the corridor. A giant of a man with the physique of a Neanderthal stepped out. Nick looked up, nodded, and waited for the guy to leave.

He didn't.

"What you doing?" he asked.

"Waiting for Lucy."

"Looked like you were trying to break in."

"Do I look like a burglar to you?"

The Neanderthal looked Nick up and down. "Guess not."

"Lucy's a friend," Nick said.

The man grinned crookedly. "She's every man's friend." He passed Nick and stepped heavily down the stairs making them creak dangerously under his weight. When he reached the bottom he looked back up and grinned. "Just don't let her give you that shit about being busy. That's her kiss-off line. Besides," he signaled the closed office door, "she never looks busy to me."

He opened the front door and disappeared outside into the sweltering heat.

Nick took his hand out of his pocket and returned to his task. A moment later he stepped inside and congratulated himself for remembering a bad habit from the less respectable years of his life.

He glanced around the room. It was tiny. A desk was crammed up against the wall. A metal, three-drawer filing cabinet squatted in a corner and two chairs sandwiched the desk. A coffee machine was the only other piece of furniture in the room, and the desk had a small plant and a laptop computer on it. The office was compact but clean.

Nick sat in one of the chairs, thrust his legs out in front of him and closed his eyes. He might have to wait a while. But he didn't care. He wanted some answers and he was damned if he was leaving without them.

Nick opened his eyes and stood. This was frustrating. He glanced around and his eyes rested on the desk. A large yellow envelope was the most prominently displayed thing there. There was nothing written on the front. Nick glanced at the door, then back at the desk. The envelope was unsealed so he could look at the contents without tampering with it.

He reached across the desk and picked it up, but paused. Damn it, this was important. He'd been lied to, someone was trying to set him up for something, and he had a right to know what was going on.

He flipped open the flap and pulled out three large photographs.

Abbey's naked body was clearly recognizable, even though her face was hidden in his shoulder. His face, and everything else, was there to be seen in all its glory.

Nick's face heated up. A flash of red passed before his eyes and his heart beat trebled. So he was right. He was about to be blackmailed. But why? Who cared who he slept with?

The only possibility he could think of, was that someone knew he was posing as Vane and wanted to prove it to ruin his company's reputation. But why obtain photos of him having sex with a strange woman? That was odd and didn't add up. It would make more sense to get photos of him at the seminar wearing his Damien Vane name tag.

Damn. When he found out what was going on, he'd make the blackmailer pay. But first, he'd start with Abbey and her friend Lucy.

Nick tossed the photos and the envelope back on the table. He turned to the filing cabinet but it was locked. He rounded the desk and rifled through the drawers but there were no keys and no papers to indicate who Lucy's client was.

He turned his attention to the laptop. He switched it on and waited impatiently for it to boot up. It was password protected. He tried a couple of words, then realized he didn't have a clue about Lucy so guessing her password was out of the question.

He let out a low growl and slumped into the chair.

The photos were clearly taken from a building across the road from his hotel suite. The thought that someone had been watching them annoyed him.

The thought that Abbey had only had sex with him to set him up to gain incriminating evidence made his furious.

She may not be a hooker, but she'd still slept with him to get money. It was all the same.

Nick shifted in the chair, tapped his fingers on the desk and stood. He paced the room three times, considering what he wanted to say to Abbey when he saw her, when two shadows darkened the corridor outside the door.

Then the door rattled.

"Hey," came a female voice, Lucy's, "someone's been tampering with my door."

***

Tarken put his feet on his desk and sifted through the brochures he'd received from the software companies. When he came to Software Solutions' brochure he sat up straight.

Damn that Vane fellow. He had a nerve speaking to him that way today, as if he was more than just a software salesman. Tarken flipped open the brochure and scanned it. It was as dull as the demo had been.

He threw it in the trash and returned his feet to the desk, leaning back in his leather chair. After a moment's thought he picked up the phone, dialed Abbey's apartment but got her machine. He left a message to call him. There was a cocktail party he wanted to invite her to tomorrow night for the seminar attendees. He wanted to get in before Vane did.

Vane. Damn him. Abbey was still his girlfriend. He'd dazzle her tomorrow night, treat her like a princess and show her what a nobody Vane was. It would drive the salesman insane with jealousy.

He picked the brochure out of the trash, located the Sydney phone number and dialed. A chirpy receptionist answered.

"This is Tarken Pratt from JJC Pharmaceuticals in Melbourne. I'd like to speak to your CEO please."

"Mr. Delaware isn't in the office today, can I take a message?"

"Delaware? Do you mean Nick Delaware?"

"Yes. Is there anyone else here who can help you, sir?"

Not unless they're high up enough to fire Damien Vane.

"No. When's Delaware back in the office?"

"Monday."

He hung up. So Delaware was the CEO of Software Solutions. Tarken was impressed. He'd read about Delaware's rise to riches in Business Review Weekly. The article had said he was one of the richest men in Australia and he'd got there by sheer hard work and impressive financial skill. There was no doubt about it, Delaware was an investment genius and not someone to be crossed. The guy was loaded.

Good. Tarken should have no trouble getting Vane fired if he started a few rumors about him. Something nasty about the salesman's sexual habits. That ought to do it. Delaware didn't seem like the sort to want any scandal getting about. It wasn't good for business.

Tarken's phone buzzed. "Mr. Goldstein's for you, Tark," came Melinda's voice down the line. He'd asked her to temporarily step in as his P.A. until the employment agency found a replacement. She wasn't very good.

"You deal with him, I'm busy."

He hung up. Abbey wouldn't have even bothered him when the boss rang. She always dealt with him. Goldstein liked her and she was good at soothing his temper. Melinda needed to learn to do that too.

Melinda was going to be another problem. How was he going to tell her nicely that she was a bad P.A., and that she was lousy in bed?

***

Lucy shoved the door open, ready to pounce on the unsuspecting thief on the other side. Abbey hung back to let her friend do her thing. When she didn't and just shouted, "What the hell is going on here?" she thought it was safe enough to peer over her shoulder.

"Damien! What are you doing here?"

He looked mad. Abbey could feel the vibrations of anger emanating from his body. Amazingly, he kept his temper under control and his face set.

But it didn't bode well.

"What the hell is this?" he waved an envelope in the air and didn't take his eyes off her.

Lucy stormed into the room and snatched the envelope from his grasp.

"None of your business," she said. Abbey was glad her friend still had her wits about her, because she was finding it difficult to think straight with a very mad, very sexy Damien Vane standing in front of her.

"I think it is very much my business," seethed Vane, "considering I feature very prominently in your little happy snaps."

"These don't belong to you."

"Let's call the cops and find out, shall we?"

"Yes, let's. I'm sure they'll like to hear about how you broke into my office."

His gaze shifted briefly from Abbey to Lucy, then back again.

"Abbey, I want to discuss this with you."

Lucy stiffened. "I'm not leaving -"

"Lucy, it's okay," Abbey said. "I can deal with him."

Lucy glanced from one to the other and sighed. "I know you can, but I'll be just outside if you need me." She turned, squeezed Abbey's arm and left.

Damien's eyes locked with Abbey's for a long moment. She'd never seen him so angry. There was so much steam rising from his ears it was amazing his head didn't blow off.

His eyes flashed like black fire at her, and the muscle in his neck pulsed. He didn't waver, even as he took a step closer to her. Abbey straightened and remained where she was. If he was trying to intimidate her, it wasn't going to work.

"What are you doing here?" she asked.

He sucked in a deep breath. "I came to see you."

Abbey threw her arms wide. "Well, here I am."

His hand flew to his hair and he made a grunting sound at the back of his throat as he ruffled it. "I came to find out what the hell was going on."

He must be stupid if he hadn't worked that out after seeing the photos. But she certainly wasn't going to make this easy for him. He may be good in bed-damn good-but the bottom line was, he was a creep who cheated on his wife. She had to remember that. She had to!

"You must have a fair idea since you're here and saw those photos." She crossed her arms over her chest. He did the same.

"Why did you lie to me?" He nodded at the photos that Lucy had put back on the desk. "Is it to do with those?"

Abbey swallowed. She could tell him the truth or she could lie. Again. She didn't like it but the lying option was safest right now.

She couldn't tell him that Lucy was going to send the photos to his wife so she could finally know for sure that he was cheating on her. That would only make it awkward for Mrs. Vane and she didn't want to do that. She was Lucy's client and Lucy had signed a confidentiality agreement. Besides, Abbey didn't particularly want to unleash this man's anger on someone else, no matter who she was to him.

So, how the hell was she going to explain this?

Damien's hand shot out and grabbed her arm. He pulled her to him, her body almost touching his. Something sizzled in the pocket of air between them. "Tell me," he growled.

Abbey jerked her arm out of his grip. How dare he think he could push her around!

"Let me go!"

She jerked her arm free. And just because she felt like it, she reached up to slap him.

But he caught her hand. For one long moment it seemed he didn't know what to do next. Then his mouth twitched and descended on hers.

His kiss was fierce and hot.

CHAPTER 8

Nick picked Abbey up and placed her on the desk, sliding her bottom backwards. The envelope with the photos dropped to the floor unnoticed and she bumped into the laptop. He reached behind her and thrust it carelessly aside.

She lay down, legs dangling over the side beneath him, as he bent over her body and continued his ferocious kissing, suddenly unable to get enough of her.

She tasted good. Too damn good.

Abbey made a small sound of protest but he kissed it away. Her body certainly wasn't giving him any negative vibes. In fact, her body was inviting him to go further.

She undid the buttons on his shirt, exposing his chest and shoulders. She caressed and stroked his chest, pinching his ni**les and rubbing his smooth skin. Her hips gyrated up to meet him, pressing against his rock hard erection.

She looked tantalizing, spread before him on the desk, just as hot for him as he was for her.

It took all his self control to hold back and not rip her skirt off.

Instead, he pushed the skirt over her hips and fingered the flesh at the edge of her panties. Smooth, warm. Inviting.

He bent to kiss the exposed flesh and she sighed, then gasped as he moved upwards, thrusting aside the panties. Moments later Abbey was panting, her arms flailing across the desk, groping. She knocked over a pencil holder, some files and a bunch of paperclips.

She didn't notice. She was intent on her orgasm. Nick could feel it rising inside her. Bubbling, ready to explode. Suddenly she went very still, then her skin puckered into tiny goose bumps as she began to quiver uncontrollably. She cried out and arched her body up to meet his tongue. He stopped, unable to resist teasing her, to make the moment last, then as she thrust herself up again, he brought her home, enjoying the way her body convulsed in delicious spasms.

"Oh, Abbey," he whispered against her flesh. He hauled himself up on the desk, straddled her and peered down. Her eyes were closed tight, savoring the final throes of passion.

He reached down and undid the buttons on her white, sleeveless shirt. He slipped his hand inside and brushed the warm skin with his fingertips. When his hand touched a nipple, Abbey sucked in a breath through her teeth. He smiled. Every pore of her was still sensitive to his touch.

Good. He liked her when she was like this. Lulled, yet still wanting. He loved the way she melted into him, allowed him to hold her and touch her as if she trusted him.

Nick's hand delved a little further, sliding under her bra. He reached behind her and undid the clasp, then returned to her br**sts, the other hand supporting him on the desk as he leaned over her.

He rubbed one red nipple, took it between his lips as it puckered and softly nibbled. Abbey moaned and arched her back up to him.

He moved his mouth to the other one, then traveled downwards. When he reached her moist thighs, he pulled down the panties that he'd hastily drawn to one side. Then he undid the fly on his trousers, and the button on his shorts.

He let out a long sigh as his erection was freed. It pulsed in time to his heart beat, rapid and heavy. He leaned forward and kissed her, tasting her need and desire as she kissed him back. Her hands linked together behind his head and she drew him down, hungrily tasting him.

Nick's erection screamed for action, to be allowed to taste her the way his lips were tasting her. He obliged and lowered himself. When sensitive skin touched sensitive skin he sucked in a frayed breath and settled himself to plunge into her heat.

Just as he was poised to plunder, Abbey clamped her legs together. He heard her catch her breath and she suddenly stopped kissing him.

He stared down at her.

"What's wrong?" He could detect the desperation and frustration in his voice.

"You know what's wrong. This whole damn thing is wrong." She struggled to sit up, pushing him off the desk as she did so.

She sat, perched on the edge of the desk and glared at him. She pushed her short cream skirt down. It was the most conservative thing he'd seen her wear. The white sleeveless shirt was just as unexciting, but seeing her br**sts heaving where he'd opened it drove him wild. Wilder. He kissed her lips again.

She pushed him off.

"Abbey," he growled, suddenly realizing he may have to leave frustrated.

"No! I can't keep on doing this, Damien. It's too hard."

He ignored the name and smiled wickedly. "Very hard." He pressed himself into her to get his point across.

"That's not what I meant and you know it."

He placed a hand on the desk on either side of her hips and stared into her bright blue eyes. She had amazing eyes. As blue as the sky and just as vast. He could get lost in those eyes.

"Abbey, I'm sorry I got annoyed before-"

"Annoyed! You looked like you were about to explode."

"I have a quick temper. But it's just as quick to disappear." His gaze dropped to her lips. "When I kiss you." He leaned forward and took her bottom lip between both of his and sucked.

She jerked away.

"Don't," she said. "I can't do this."

"We're two consenting adults-"

She held up a hand and he dutifully stopped. "I've heard that line a million times in the last few days and I don't want to hear it anymore. Look, I don't do casual sex with strangers very well. It's not exactly in my makeup if you know what I mean."

No, he had no idea what that meant. That she had feelings for him? That it was more than just sex to her? Or that it was just that-casual sex-and she'd realized she didn't have any feelings for him, and wanted it to end.

"No, I don't know what you mean. Tell me."

But she didn't. Instead, she sighed and put a hand on his chest. He felt her fingers tighten against his skin, as if having one last feel of him, then she pushed him backward.

"I think I'm the one who should be pissed here. You've got photos of me naked."

"And me."

"No one knows it's you except us." He glanced at the glass door. "And Lucy. And since she's a P.I. I hate to think where those photos are going to end up."

Abbey looked away. "I can't tell you that."

"I figured you wouldn't." He zipped his fly. "I also figure you're not about to tell me what's going on. And what role you've been playing throughout this little game."

"I haven't been playing any game."

But she didn't look at him. Nick didn't trust people who avoided eye contact.

He took her chin in his hand and drew her face round so she had no choice but to look into his eyes.

"If you're not going to tell me what's going on, then I'm going to walk out that door and not turn back."

Her lashes lowered and she said nothing.

He let go. An ache gnawed his gut. This wasn't supposed to happen. She was supposed to give in, tell him everything, tell him... What? That she had feelings for him?

Why? Just because he had feelings for her didn't mean she reciprocated them. Obviously this hadn't meant anything to Abbey otherwise the threat of walking out would have weakened her resolve.

She hadn't even flinched. She didn't shed a tear and she didn't even look at him.

This was something Nick wasn't used to. He always got answers. He'd always got the woman he'd wanted too. This one, the only one he'd wanted this badly in a long time-perhaps ever-wasn't giving him an inch.

He blew out a breath and forced himself to go over the facts again. Since Abbey called him Vane, it was likely that the photos had nothing to do with him and everything to do with Damien Vane and his jealous wife, Lorraine. But that wasn't the point. The point was that Nick always got answers. Always.

The truth was, Abbey didn't feel the same way about him that he felt about her. So it was for the best if he just walked away, before he got himself in further than he already was. Before he made an even bigger fool of himself.

"I see," he said quietly. He resisted the urge to give her a goodbye kiss, turned and walked out the door.

He didn't look back.

***

"Shit." Lucy took her sobbing friend in her arms.

Abbey, annoyed at herself for allowing her feelings for Damien to get the better of her, cried into her friend's shoulder, letting the pain wash out of her. Then, sucking in a deep breath, she straightened, wiped her cheeks and hopped off the desk.

"I'm not going to let him get to me," she said, as much to convince herself as Lucy.

"Bit late for that," said Lucy, eyeing her closely.

Abbey tried to smile. "I'll be fine. I'm tough."

"Yeah, as tough as marshmallow when it comes to Vane."

Abbey cursed. "I shouldn't have let him get so close to me again." It's just that he was so persuasive. She just couldn't keep her hands off him. There was something...magnetic between them.

Lucy surveyed her desk and placed her fists on out-thrust hips. "It's partly my fault. I shouldn't have left you alone with him."

Abbey picked up the stack of files that had fallen to the floor and arranged them neatly on the edge of the desk. "Sorry about the mess," she muttered, pushing the laptop back into the center.

"Don't be. I should've known better. He's got some kind of hold on you."

"He's bad news, that's what he is. I've got to learn self control."

"Maybe you should take up judo. Martial arts are a great way to learn self-control. When you realize you can kick butt it takes a hell of a lot of self control not to. I've got a great instructor." Lucy grinned. "He's really sexy."

"No thanks. It isn't necessary to kick butt in my line of work."

"I don't know-Tarken needs a good butt-kicking."

Abbey giggled despite herself. Lucy had a way of getting her out of a glum mood. Although this was one hell of a glum mood.

Lucy gave her friend a quick cuddle. "Forget about Vane. He's a bastard. He's also married and has a mistress in every port. You can do way better than him."

Abbey nodded but didn't really agree with her. Her choice in men had gone from lousy to downright atrocious. A pathetic idiot like Tarken was one thing, but a serial womanizer like Damien was entirely another.

The problem was, she felt far more for Damien than she ever had for Tarken. It might have started out as just sex, but it had rapidly turned into something else. Something that had aroused feelings and emotions that she'd begun to think weren't possible. The sort that happen in movies and books but she was yet to experience in real life.

Until now.

And when those feelings were directed solely at a man like Damien, then it was a very bad thing. He was the sort of man who would run a mile as soon as his libido calmed down or pointed itself in another direction, especially if he knew how she really felt.

Abbey sighed deeply and picked up her handbag which had fallen onto the floor when Damien grabbed her.

"I'm going home," she announced. "Sorry about your desk."

"Abbey Girl, you can mess up my desk anytime. Just don't fall in love with the next guy you have sex on it with, okay?" She reached up and tucked a hair behind Abbey's ear.

"There won't be a next time," said Abbey. "I'm giving up on men. I can't pick a decent one if my life depended on it."

Lucy clicked her tongue. "Don't give up. Just don't fall in love with them. I told you, pick a man whose personality totally turns you off." Her mouth twitched into a half-smile. "The gorilla's still available."

Abbey made a face. "I'm going before you set me up with every man in your little black book."

"That'd keep you going for a few years at least."

Abbey hugged her friend and left the office. She hopped into her car and headed down Bridge Road, turning right at Church Street.

All the way home, she thought about how she should have handled Damien Vane. She should've ignored him, pushed him away before he'd even kissed her. Maybe if Lucy hadn't left... No, she couldn't blame this on Lucy. Getting in over her head with Damien was her own stupid fault. She couldn't blame anyone else for this mess. Except maybe Damien.

By the time she pulled into a parking space in front of her apartment, Abbey was angry. Angry at herself for letting Damien have this affect on her, and angry at him for, well, being so damned sexy and such a womanizer at the same time.

She opened her front door and threw her bag on the table beside the phone. The answering machine's red light flashed. She opened her fridge and poured herself a glass of white wine, then padded across the floorboards and pressed the button on the machine. There was a message from Tarken asking her to call him back. She deleted it.

She settled herself on the couch and switched on the TV. There was nothing on so she switched it off again. She reached for a book on her coffee table and flipped it open to the bookmarked page. Ten minutes later she replaced the bookmark on the same page.

She sighed and wondered if she was doomed to think about Damien all night. It might not be so bad if she kept her thoughts focussed on the sex and not the man himself. That couldn't do any harm.

She closed her eyes and relaxed back into the couch. The air in the apartment was warm. Too warm. Abbey undid the buttons on her shirt and discarded it. Better, but she was still hot. She undid her bra and let it slide off her br**sts and fall into her lap. Much better.

Her hand skimmed her right breast as she lifted the wine glass to her lips. Her skin was soft to touch, and hot. Damien had touched her breast like that. No, not quite like that. His touch had more urgency and hunger in it. She placed the wine glass on the coffee table then cupped her breast, the way Damien did, and rubbed gently. The nipple quickly puckered and sent a wave of tingles down to her abdomen.

She reached across to do the same with the other nipple when the phone rang. She thought about letting it go to the answering machine, but it might be Lucy checking up on her. She'd worry if Abbey didn't answer.

She picked up.

"Hello."

"It's Tarken."

Silence as Abbey contemplated hanging up. Instead, she stifled a groan and quickly threw on the discarded shirt and clasped it closed across her br**sts. She knew he couldn't see her but the desire to cover herself was a natural instinct these days at the sound of Tarken's voice.

"What do you want?"

"Now, that's no way to talk to your boyfriend."

"Ex, Tarken. We're through, remember?"

"Don't be so hasty, I've got something I want to say to you."

"Well, hurry up and say it. I'm busy."

There was a pause as Tarken seemed to consider this information. Maybe her harsh answers were finally getting through to him and he was about to give up.

"There's a cocktail party on tomorrow night and I thought you might like to accompany me."

Abbey rolled her eyes. Giving up wasn't Tarken's style, even when he was thoroughly beaten. It was embarrassing before, now it was just annoying. "Why would I want to do that?"

"Because it's for this software seminar that's been going on at the Crown Complex."

Her heart stopped. Software seminar...

"Did you go to it?" she asked.

"Yes. Mr. Goldstein decided on Monday that we needed a new system. He suggested Donaldson go. Normally I'd send you along with him, but..."

"What, Melinda's not good enough?" She couldn't help getting one sarcastic comment in.

"Let's just say that Melinda's not you."

At least he'd recognized that. She closed her eyes. She tried not to think about Tarken meeting Damien again at the seminar. She didn't want to know the consequences of such a meeting. "So why would I want to go to this party?"

"You might meet some industry contacts. Since you're looking for a job, I thought it could prove useful for you."

Abbey's spine tingled. Tarken was up to something and she didn't like it. If Melinda was a hopeless P.A. then he probably wanted to woo Abbey back into the role. So why take her somewhere with the intention of making new contacts and getting a new job?

It didn't add up.

What did make sense was that Tarken had met Damien at the seminar. And after the reception he received at the restaurant earlier in the week, Tarken was probably cooking up something in revenge.

This might be worth seeing. And what did she have to lose anyway? Neither man was her boyfriend so there was no danger of a confrontation leading to the end of a relationship. There was nothing to end.

"Fine, I'll go."

"Pick you up at six."

She hung up. It could be a disaster. In fact, it probably would be a disaster, but she felt compelled to go. If for no other reason than to flirt with Tarken in Damien's face. Childish, she knew, but it might help exorcise her demons.

And those demons definitely needed exorcising. Abbey needed closure.

***

Nick sat on the couch in the dark in his hotel suite. The curtain was open and the street lights offered a faint glow through the window. It was probably still hot out there but it was cool inside the room. Cool enough to sooth his skin but not cool enough to sooth his temper.

He was angry. At Abbey for lying, but mostly at himself for letting her get to him the way she had. This wasn't supposed to happen. Casual sex with strangers in strange cities wasn't supposed to mean anything.

It never used to, when he'd done this sort of thing in his early twenties.

So why start now and make things so complicated? It wasn't fair. Abbey was totally wrong for him. She lived in a different city for starters, and she wasn't the sort of woman he could take wining and dining to Sydney's most salubrious establishments with business associates.

Hell, the girl had a penchant for skirts that crept above the height of decency.

Nick emitted a low growl and punched the cushion on the couch. He was kidding himself and he knew it. It had nothing to do with the skirts and everything to do with her attitude. She had way too much of it. She argued with him about everything, except sex of course. Then there was the lies. Nice girls don't lie.

Even worse than that, she didn't want him.

Even worse than that-and this was the clincher-she'd only slept with him in the first place for money.

And if she'd slept with him for a few hundred dollars from Lucy's client, imagine what she'd do when she discovered he was worth a fortune. A gold digger was the last thing he needed on his hands.

Okay, so thinking about what she might do gave him a hard on. But thinking about Abbey wanting him just for his money made his blood run cold.

Now, while she thought he was that loser Vane, she didn't want to know him except for the occasional sexual interlude. But if she ever learned the truth, he somehow knew her disagreeable nature would fly out the window and she'd be all sweetness.

The image had a certain appeal... No, actually, it didn't. Abbey minus her smart mouth and her confronting style just wouldn't be as much fun. It just wouldn't be Abbey.

He didn't want her wanting him, and changing who she was, because of his money. He wanted her to want him.

It was best not to tell her who he was then. Once she learned his real name, it wouldn't take long to link him to his fortune. No doubt she'd find out when Lorraine Vane saw the photos and identified him, but hopefully by then he'd be long gone. His flight was early Saturday morning. That left only tomorrow, Friday, for the photos to reach Sydney. Hopefully Lucy wouldn't be that efficient.

Once he was back home in Sydney, he could forget everything that had ever happened here in Melbourne, and he could forget Abbey. Putting distance between them would cool his desire for her and life would return to normal. That's what he wanted. Right?

A knock at his door sent a jolt through him. He stood, paused, and eyed the door. It wouldn't be Abbey. Not after the way they'd parted.

He opened the door, a short speech already prepared just in case. But instead of a sexy, blue-eyed vixen, the person who stood on his doorstep was male, forty-ish with dark hair and a three-day growth.

"Hello, Boss," said the man in an American drawl. "Long time no see."

"Vane! What the hell are you doing here?"

"My job." Damien Vane-the real Damien Vane-pushed past Nick into the room.

"Nice suite. Pity I couldn't use it."

Nick blinked, gathered himself, and rounded on his VP of Marketing.

"You've got some nerve waltzing in here now. Where the hell have you been?"

At least Vane had the decency to look apologetic. He also looked hung over. "Sorry, I lost track of time."

"You lost track of time! What kind of excuse is that! You're fired."

"Aw, now wait a minute, let me explain. I went away for the weekend with this hot little air hostess. An air hostess! I couldn't pass her up. Well, we kind of had a few too many drinks on Sunday night, then the next thing I knew it was Wednesday. I got back to the office as quick as I could and they said you'd come down here instead of me. So I got Beverly to book me a flight and here I am." He threw his arms out wide. "Better late than never. And there's still tomorrow."

Nick sucked in air and let it out slowly. It didn't help him calm down. "You've a nerve coming down here when the seminar's almost over."

He took a step towards Vane and Vane took a step back, swallowing so hard his Adam's apple almost disappeared into his chest. Nick had a mind to punch the arrogant look off Vane's face, but he thought that might not be very dignified.

"I've had enough of your disappearances and your lazy attitude to the job. I've put up with it until now because you were supposed to be the best. But you crossed the line this time, Vane. You're fired. Get out of this room, go back to Sydney and clean out your office. I don't want to see you again."

Vane blinked back at Nick, his mouth open. "You're serious."

"Yes."

"But I haven't got a flight booked."

Nick took another step toward Vane. He was out of patience. Maybe he should just hit him. It might make him feel better. "Then get on the phone and do it."

"But, my job. I'm good..."

"Then you'll get another one. Maybe Microsoft will take you back."

Vane shook his head. "My wife's Australian. She doesn't want to live in the States anymore."

"Somehow I don't think that's going to be a problem," Nick muttered.

"Huh?"

Nick shook his head. He wasn't going to bring Abbey and her investigation into this.

Nick crossed his arms and glared at Vane. If the little jerk didn't move soon, he was going to have to wrestle him out of the room.

That might not be a bad thing. It would save him punching him and would kill two birds with one stone-he'd get rid of Vane and his anger at the same time.

He took another step toward Vane who took one back, but found the couch in the way.

"Don't look at me like that," Vane cried.

"Like what?"

"Like you want to kill me."

"I do want to kill you. I've had a bad week." Actually his week hadn't been all that bad. The parts with Abbey in his bed, on the couch, at the restaurant, the beach, Lucy's desk-those had been rather good. It was the other parts he didn't like so much.

Vane held up his hands in self defense just as Nick uncrossed his arms and reached toward him.

"Okay, okay, I'm leaving." Vane scuttled toward the door. "You know, when I heard you were pretending to be me, I thought we could turn this to our advantage. I could pretend to be you, just flying in to check on the last day of the seminar and attend the cocktail party and charm the pants off everyone. We'd make a good team."

"I don't charm the pants off people, I talk straight and get the job done."

"Yeah, right. Like all the women in the office don't go ga ga over you."

"That's because I treat them with a little respect and don't try to grab their asses as they walk past."

"Hey, I only did that once."

"Yeah, once when you were sober. Millions of times when you were under the influence."

Vane looked sheepish. It wasn't nearly good enough-Nick wanted him to look afraid.

"So how about it?" asked Vane.

"What?"

"I pretend to be you. Just for tomorrow."

"You've already caused enough trouble for one week, why would I want you to stick around? Do you think I'm crazy?"

Vane shrugged and gave Nick a look as if to say he wasn't sure.

"Get out."

Vane held up his hands as Nick approached him. He shrugged, then nodded, opened the door and closed it behind him without so much as a wave.

Nick punched the back of the couch. It didn't relieve nearly enough tension.

First Abbey had ruined his week, now Vane. Not in exactly the same way, but it was ruined nonetheless. If only Abbey had told him the truth from the start then it didn't have to be this way. He could have wooed her, they could go out on a date like a normal couple, he could tell her who he really was, and...

Who was he kidding? If he told her who he really was then he'd have a permanent visitor from Melbourne in his house. One that was only interested in his money. The next thing he'd know is he was getting married and having kids.

That wasn't Nick Delaware's style.

Nick frowned. An image of Abbey with a child on her hip passed before his eyes. He liked it. He liked it a lot.

Damn, why couldn't he fall for a woman more like him? Someone he knew how to handle. Someone with less...heat. Someone who didn't need money. His money.

Nick dragged a hand through his hair. He stared into space for a moment, then sprinted for the door.

Vane was nowhere in the hall. Nick ran to the elevator, pressed the button then shifted from one foot to the other as he waited for it to arrive. It took forever.

When it did, he jumped in, pushed Ground and ran into the foyer when the doors opened. Vane was chatting up the receptionist.

"Vane." He turned around. "I've changed my mind. Get a room. We'll put your plan into action tomorrow."

"Really?" Vane beamed. "Great. I've always wanted to be CEO."

"I thought you said you already were," said the pouty girl behind the counter.

Vane did some smooth talking, got himself a room and winked at the girl before joining Nick.

Nick hadn't moved. He was thinking about the plan. He'd have to call Abbey and try to get her to go to the cocktail party. That was going to be the hardest part.

"So why the sudden change?" asked Vane. "What's going on?"

"Nothing," Nick mumbled turning to the elevator.

"This has something to do with a woman, doesn't it?"

Nick swung round, thunder crashing between his ears. Was he that obvious?

Vane slapped Nick on the shoulder. "Aha, I knew it. Men like me can always tell these things. This is great, Nick, just great. Guys like us need to stick together."

"I'm not like you," growled Nick stepping inside the elevator. Vane followed him.

"Sure, whatever. So, what's the problem, and where do I fit in?"

Nick ignored him.

"Hey, Nick, if I'm going to play the role you need to tell me how to play it. Why do you want me to pretend to be you?"

"I want to see how someone reacts to you."

"Me, or me being you?"

"Whatever."

"Aha. So you're putting this girl through some sort of test."

Nick resisted the urge to grab Vane's shirt and push him back against the elevator wall. He refrained because he knew it would just prove he was right. And he didn't want Vane to know that, not yet.

Because, as much as he hated admitting it even to himself, Vane was right. He wanted to test Abbey. He wanted to see if she gravitated to the moneyed Nick Delaware. If she began flirting with a little jerk like Vane then he'd have his answer.

And he'd get out of her life forever.

CHAPTER 9

"Are you nuts?" Lucy's shouted.

"Possibly," said Abbey. "But I don't want a lecture."

They were in Lucy's office, facing each other across the desk.

"So you're going?"

Abbey nodded. "Why not? Like Tarken said, it's a good opportunity to network. I need a job, Lucy."

"Yes, but there's other ways of getting jobs that don't involve seeing that Vane creep again."

"He's many things, but a creep is not one of them. Besides, it'd be good to get some closure on our relationship."

Lucy threw her hands in the air. "Closure. That's a pathetic excuse. You just want to go to bed with him one last time. And then where will you be? Sobbing in my apartment, that's where, because you've fallen in love with a creep."

"He's not a creep and I'm not in love." She hoped not anyway. "Besides, I deserve some good sex. I need some good sex. Something tells me I'm not going to get it for a while after Damien leaves town."

Lucy looked like she was about to make a smart ass comment when the phone rang. She picked it up.

"Vane? What do you want?"

Abbey straightened. Lucy thrust the phone at her and she drew in a deep breath.

"Abbey," said Damien on the other end. "How are you?"

"Fine, thanks." Abbey winced. This was way too formal for two people who'd had great sex together several times over the last few days.

"Look, there's a cocktail party tonight for seminar attendees, and I was wondering if you'd like to come."

Abbey couldn't help smiling. This was going to be one hell of a cocktail party.

"Okay," she said.

There was a pause at the other end of the line.

"Okay? Really? You'll come?"

The incredulity in his voice was unmistakable. No doubt he was expecting her to tell him where he could stick his cocktail party. Maybe she should have made it more difficult for him, given him a chance to use the speech he'd probably prepared.

Abbey decided it was best to play fair and give him a fighting chance. She came clean. "Tarken's already asked me. I thought perhaps you and I could...talk."

A pause. "Okay. We can talk."

Abbey hung up. Lucy was glaring at her, arms crossed under her br**sts. "Abbey," she warned, "is this a good idea? You like this guy too much and he's going to break your heart. I can feel it."

"Relax, Lucy, and let me handle it my way."

Lucy rolled her eyes. The phone rang again and she picked it up. "Mrs. Vane. Oh great, you got them."

There was a pause as Lucy listened to the voice on the other end. When her jaw dropped and her face slowly changed color from puce to pallid, Abbey knew something was wrong.

The conversation ended abruptly with Lucy barely managing to say goodbye. She slammed down the phone and her face returned to a bright, brilliant red. She was furious.

"That son of a bitch!"

"Who? What's going on? Tell me!"

Lucy stomped from one side of the room to the other, hands on hips, steam rising from her ears.

"I've changed my mind. You should go to that seminar, and I think you should kill him."

"Who? Damien?"

"No! Yes!" Lucy ran a hand through her short blond hair and continued storming across her office floor.

Abbey stood in Lucy's way and placed her hands on her shoulders. "What's going on?"

Lucy huffed and puffed some more then said, "Mrs. Vane received the photos. It's not Damien Vane!"

Abbey's heart leapt then dove. She shook her head because it suddenly felt full of cobwebs. "What do you mean? The guy I slept with wasn't Damien?"

Lucy nodded. "Exactly. It's his boss, Nick Delaware, the CEO of Software Solutions. Some rich investor from Sydney with a finger in every pie."

"Oh." Abbey sat down heavily on the edge of the desk. "So why was he pretending to be Damien Vane?"

Lucy shrugged. "She didn't know."

"So where's the real Vane?"

Lucy shrugged again. "She didn't know that either."

"Oh my God." Abbey let out a long breath. "What the hell is going on?" It felt like a cold lump of ice had settled in her stomach. "And why the hell didn't he tell me who he really was?"

"Because he's a bastard," said Lucy, putting an arm around her friend. "He's worse than Vane. He's a liar and a sleaze."

"Well, we don't actually know that he's a sleaze now."

"He slept with you straight away, didn't he?"

Abbey shrugged. It was true but she'd mostly contributed to that part. Did that make her a sleaze too?

Whatever she was, one thing was clear. This guy, Nick Delaware, was a liar, plain and simple. He could've made her life a lot easier over the last few days if he'd just told her his name wasn't Damien Vane. She wouldn't have immediately assumed he was married or a womanizer for a start, saving her from the terrible feeling that had closed around her heart a few days ago and hadn't budged since.

It might also have meant they could've parted on better terms instead of the way they'd parted yesterday-angry and hurt. Then again, maybe Delaware was just like Vane. Married and just out for a good time while his wife's back was turned.

Why else would he have lied? Why else would he have slept with her without so much as a "nice to meet you"?

Abbey gripped the edge of the desk, her fingernails tearing at the wood.

"Give me the phone," she said through clenched teeth.

Lucy held up both her hands, palms outwards, pleading. "I don't think you should call him, Abbey. Just let him go. He's not worth it." A smile crept across Lucy's face. "Or you should teach him a lesson at this party tonight."

Abbey nodded slowly, her brain still trying to come to grips with the new information and the possibilities of that suggestion. "Yes. I think he needs to be taught a lesson."

Lucy grinned. "Great. How?"

Abbey sighed. "I have no idea."

Lucy's grin widened into a wicked smirk. "I think I have a few."

***

Abbey wore a short electric blue dress with tiny straps. It fitted her snugly around her br**sts and waist, then flipped out with a flirty skirt that skimmed her mid-thigh and set off the movement of her behind perfectly. So Lucy had said anyway when she picked it off a sales rack at Myer. Abbey had a matching bag and shoes and she wore her hair long in gentle waves past her shoulders. When she checked herself in the mirror before she left, she had to admit she looked good.

"Are you kidding! You look stunning," Lucy had said.

Tarken agreed. At least, the drool dripping from his lower lip implied that he did.

"Wow," was all he said. "How come you never dressed like that for me when we were dating?"

Abbey rolled her eyes at Lucy who flashed her a hundred-watt grin. They hugged and locked up Abbey's apartment. Lucy hopped into her convertible and sped off. Abbey slid into the front seat of Tarken's sleek sports car. She spent the next fifteen minutes dragging his hand off her thigh at every set of red lights.

"Why don't you come back and work for me," said Tarken as he drove slowly around looking for a car park.

"Because you're a rat, and I can get another job. A better one."

"I'll give you ten thousand extra."

Abbey scoffed. "You'd have to do a lot better than that."

He pulled into valet parking at the Crown Complex. "Twenty thousand."

Abbey stifled a gasp. "That's a lot of money. Goldstein wouldn't allow it."

"I can deal with Goldstein."

Yeah sure. Tarken hadn't dealt with Goldstein in the four years she'd been his personal assistant, she saw no reason why he'd start now.

She refused him and he shrugged. "Suit yourself. We'll talk again in two weeks. I doubt you'll have found anything as good as JJC by then."

Abbey swallowed her rising anger.

Switching her attention from Tarken's proposal to the evening at hand, she got out of the car and took a deep breath. She could do this. She had to. She still didn't have a clue what her plan was, but Abbey knew it did involve making Nick Delaware realize what he was missing. That was what the dress and the makeup were for. What happened after he'd realized what he was missing was anyone's guess.

She hadn't decided whether to confront him with what she knew, or whether to let him play out his little game and deny him what he wanted-which she hoped would be her. The denying part was the weakest link in the plan.

Inside, the room was filled with men in dark suits and women in cocktail dresses. At least she wouldn't feel out of place and would blend right in.

Wrong.

Heads turned as she walked passed. She heard a few murmurs, saw a few jaws drop and suddenly she wished she'd worn a dress that wasn't so tight fitting or at least had a back to it.

The only person who seemed to be enjoying the grand entrance was Tarken. His arm tightened around her waist and Abbey was too embarrassed to make him let go. She'd wait until everyone turned around again then she'd order him to lay off.

Tarken nodded to a few people he recognized and Abbey was surprised to see a few faces she knew too. Mostly people from other pharmaceutical companies who must also be considering new software on demonstration at the seminar.

She nodded and smiled and expected Tarken to stop and talk, but he continued on. A waiter handed them a drink of champagne and Abbey took a sip. Tarken ignored him and pushed through the crowd. He glanced around the room, scanning the faces, looking for someone. Delaware.

It was the same face she was looking for. A gorgeous, dark face with eyes that could be black with anger or warm and soft with desire, and a mouth that twitched sexily when he laughed at her jokes.

She drew in a deep breath and ordered her heart to stop beating so fast. It didn't listen.

The crowd parted ahead and Abbey suddenly wanted to turn and run. The man she now knew to be Nick Delaware was chatting with a group of people. He stopped when he spotted her and the look in his eyes told Abbey he liked what he saw.

More than liked-he wanted her. The muscle jumping in his jaw was a dead giveaway.

"Damien," said Tarken. Abbey cringed. He'd turned on his saccharine-sweet tone. "So good to see you again. I believe you've met my girlfriend, Abbey."

"I'm not your girlfriend, Tarken," she said through gritted teeth.

Nick looked like he was trying not to smile. Damn.

"Yes, we've met." Nick's voice was luxurious velvet and his eyes, fringed with black lashes, sparkled at her. He took Abbey's hand and for a moment she thought he was going to kiss it, but he just shook it.

She smiled weakly, suddenly wishing she could sit down. This wasn't how it was supposed to be. She was supposed to seduce him, not the other way round.

Nick's eyes moved from her face and traveled the length of her body all the way to her toes. She heard him suck in a breath before glancing away.

Good. She had him, hook, line and sinker. He wanted her.

Tarken coughed nervously and pulled Abbey into him, his fingers curling possessively around her waist. She unclasped his grip and stepped away. Tarken was not part of her plan. She didn't think Nick would be jealous of the little wimp.

No, if she was going to make Nick jealous then she needed a better target. Someone just as good looking as Nick. Making him jealous was the only way she could make him suffer. Then, when he was insane with jealousy, she'd tell him she knew all about his lie. Then she'd walk away.

She scanned the immediate faces and there was only one that would fit the bill. He was tanned, although not as dark as Nick, and quite good looking, but he didn't have the smoldering eyes or the high cheekbones and sexy lips of Nick.

Okay, so he wasn't a patch on Nick, but he was good looking in the classic sense. And he was a better option than Tarken.

The man seemed to sense her looking at him and he glanced up from the woman he was standing very close to. Within seconds he'd made his apologies and was introducing himself to Abbey, completely ignoring Tarken and Nick.

"Hello," he said taking Abbey's hand. Unlike Nick, he did kiss the back of her hand. "I'm Nick Delaware. I own Software Solutions."

Abbey didn't know whether to laugh out loud or slap him across the cheek for lying to her as well. This was getting ridiculous. Why was this man pretending to be Nick while Nick was pretending to be Damien?

Whatever their reason, it meant he was probably the real Damien Vane.

Abbey glanced at the real Nick, her Nick, who was standing calmly by, watching the charade play out in front of him. He seemed disinterested, sipping from a champagne flute, his eyes lowered.

No, not entirely true. He was watching them through his lashes and his lips had formed into a tight line as he stared at the hand that was now caressing Abbey's. He was studying her reaction to the fake Nick like a hawk watches its prey just before it attacks.

Damn him! What game was he playing? Why all this duplicity?

Abbey returned her attention to the fake Nick, still fawning over her hand. She became aware that Tarken was hovering very closely by, but she doubted it had anything to do with his jealousy, and everything to do with who he thought this guy was -a wealthy tycoon who could buy him twenty times over.

"So you see," the real Damien Vane was saying as he held her hand, "that it's lucky I've got such good employees like Damien here, to entrust the company to. I'm just far too busy to go to all these things."

"Oh? Busy doing what, Mr. Delaware?"

He smiled, not an unpleasant smile, if you like snakes. "Oh, flying around the world, closing business deals. I was in New York this week. Very nice city. Have you been there?"

Abbey shook her head and glanced at Nick out of the corner of her eye. He was unmoving, still watching her surreptitiously with Damien. Fine, she could do this. She turned her full attention to Damien and smiled her most dazzling smile.

"I'd love to go to New York, Mr. Delaware, please tell me about it."

She took another sip of her champagne and tried to relax a little. It was difficult with Vane still holding her hand, Tarken breathing over her shoulder trying to attract his attention, and Nick watching them all through lowered lashes.

Why didn't he say something? Why didn't he come over and try to get this ass**le away from her? Couldn't he tell she found him repulsive?

Perhaps not-she was doing a good job of pretending to like him by nodding and laughing at his pathetic jokes.

Okay, so maybe he couldn't tell that she thought Damien was a dog turd, but Nick should at least be seething with jealousy about now. In her fantasy, he'd be so jealous, he'd march over, force her to go with him, probably to his hotel room, and make wild, passionate love to her.

Bad idea, Abbey. Don't think about the wild passionate love, just concentrate on the getting-him-jealous part.

She straightened, threw out her br**sts, heard both Tarken and Vane suck in deep breaths, and placed her hand on Vane's arm. She steered him off to one side so their conversation became private although she was still within view of Nick.

He drained his glass of champagne and retrieved another from a passing waiter. She did the same when the waiter passed her. A man and woman had approached Nick and he appeared to be lost in social chit chat with them, but she was sure he was glancing her way every now and again. Almost sure.

The real Damien was saying something to her. Something about log cabins in the mountains. She smiled, nodded, and tried to concentrate on the conversation when all she wanted to do was watch the real Nick. And kiss him, run her hand across his hard muscle, down to his full erection...

Damien's hand moved from her arm to her waist. Abbey let out a small yelp, but instead of following her instincts and moving away, she leaned into him slightly. The man smelled of beer and cheap cologne. She hid a grimace with a grin and tried to ignore the sick feeling in her stomach.

***

Nick's gut churned as Abbey smiled that fabulous smile at Vane. Then everything in him tightened when Vane put his arm around her and whispered in her ear. She didn't move away. Damn it, she actually leaned into him!

He clutched his glass and swallowed another mouthful. He didn't have a clue what his companions were saying and eventually they must have grown bored with his lack of conversation because they moved away.

Unfortunately they were replaced by Tarken.

"Look at those two," said Tarken. "Can't keep their hands off each other. Makes me sick."

Tarken probably thought that, as men scorned by Abbey, they had something in common now, making them comrades-in-arms.

Nick's grip tightened around his glass as he imagined it being Tarken's throat. Then Vane's.

"How could you work for such a scumbag?" Tarken shook his head. "I thought Abbey had a little more self respect than to go for that type. He's obviously a sleaze."

"Maybe she likes that type," growled Nick, ripping his eyes away from Abbey and Damien. The view was killing him.

"If she did then she'd still be with me. No, there's something odd going on. I can tell, she hates the guy but she's trying to flirt with him." He sniggered. "She's not very good at it, is she?"

Nick's gaze flew back to Abbey. Was she only pretending to flirt with Vane? Her body leaned into his, she smiled as she looked up into his eyes.

"Seems to be enjoying herself from what I can see," he said.

"You don't know her as well as I do."

Nick suddenly felt very cold, despite the heat. The truth in that statement stung.

"Well, this has been a waste of my time," Tarken said. "Abbey dumps me for that bloke just because he's got more dollars than sense and here I thought she liked you." Tarken shook his head. "Women! I don't understand them."

Nick nodded. He had to agree with that. But what Tarken said ate at his gut. More dollars than sense. Abbey might not like Damien but she was willing to put up with an awful lot just because he was loaded. Actually he wasn't, he, Nick was, but he was damned if he was going to tell Abbey that.

Or maybe he would, right before he said goodbye. It would be fitting justice to see her face as she realized her mistake.

Nick swallowed another mouthful of his champagne and glanced around the room, everywhere except at Abbey. He wondered how long he needed to stay at this thing until he could leave.

But he knew he wouldn't leave. Not until Abbey did. It would kill him not knowing what she did with Damien. If she left with him. From the way they were leaning into each other, he was fairly sure-sickeningly sure-that she would.

Fifteen minutes later, Abbey swayed over to him. She was a little blurry, but he put that down to the dim lights. One thing he could tell, she was beautiful. That dress just enhanced her curves, her small waist, her pert br**sts. He imagined getting her out of it, letting his hand move down her bare back to the zip at her ass. He could almost feel her naked bottom in his hands, her breast in his mouth.

He drew in a deep, ragged breath as she approached. Had she finally realized what a bore Vane was?

No, he was trailing behind her. She held his hand, as the creep stared at her ass.

Nick wanted to throw up. "Where are you going?" he asked.

"Outside," she said.

"Back to the hotel," said Vane at the same time.

"Why?" growled Nick.

"Why not?"

He glanced from Vane to Abbey. "Don't go," he whispered desperately.

He thought he saw something flicker in her bright blue eyes.

"What did you say?" she whispered back.

He shook his head. It felt dizzy, clouded. "Nothing. Go. What you do is none of my business."

He was almost sure her smile was more of a wince, but he couldn't tell. Maybe it was just wishful thinking.

Damien's hand snaked around her waist. Nick took another mouthful of whatever was in his glass.

"We're going," said Vane. "See you in the office on Monday, Vane."

Nick thought about admitting everything as he watched them walk away, Vane's arm around Abbey. He thought about running after them, spinning Abbey around to face him, taking her in his arms and kissing her long and deep and telling her that he was the real Nick Delaware and he was loaded.

Then he reminded himself he didn't want a gold digger on his hands.

With a deep sigh, he ran his hand through his hair and drained his glass. He turned away and suddenly he felt weak in the knees. He glanced around for a seat and spotted one near Tarken. What the hell. At least the guy was in love with Abbey too. Just like him.

Just like him.

CHAPTER 10

Abbey bit her lip. Sleeping with Damien Vane, the real one, wasn't supposed to be part of her plan tonight. Making Nick jealous was, but she wasn't even sure she'd achieved that.

The arm snaked around her waist was beginning to make her feel sick, especially as it was directing her to Le Meridian. She wondered if it would be impolite to extricate herself and say goodbye now. Probably, but she was beyond caring about this man's feelings. His fingers seemed to find their way to her ass on a frequent basis. Since Nick wasn't around anymore to see, she had no reason to keep the charade going.

She held out a hand to hail a passing taxi.

"Where are you going?" Vane asked, grabbing her waist tighter.

"Home. I'm tired. Thanks for a, uh, nice evening."

Vane looked like a child denied dessert. "But I thought that you were... I mean that maybe we could have a drink first."

Abbey feigned a yawn. "I'm very tired."

Vane frowned, then his face suddenly brightened. "I have a secret to tell you," he said. "Something to do with me and Vane."

Abbey stepped away from the curb and the approaching taxi. "Go on."

"Come upstairs with me and I'll tell you there."

Abbey doubted he would tell her anything but her curiosity was getting the better of her. Maybe she could go upstairs and see what he had to say while stopping him from clawing at her body. It might be completely insane to go to this guy's room-it probably was-but she had a burning desire to find out why Nick was lying to her. She wanted to know what was going on. She needed to know, more than anything else right now.

She drew in a deep breath and nodded. She hoped she wasn't about to make a huge mistake. How sleazy was this guy anyway? Surely Nick wouldn't have let her leave with a homicidal maniac.

His room was on the floor below Nick's and wasn't as large. He closed the door behind Abbey and pushed her back against it. He kissed her.

Repulsed, she placed both hands to his chest and shoved him away.

"What?" he cried. "Don't play hard to get now."

"I'm not playing anything with you, Vane, especially anything that involves us having to touch."

"Awe, now come on, Babe."

She jabbed a finger into his chest. "Don't call me Babe. I'm not your Babe." She drew in a deep breath and crossed her arms. She wasn't moving from the door. At least with her back to it he couldn't get his arms around her and grope her rear like he'd been doing all the way to the hotel.

"Hey," he said, frowning. "You called me Vane. I'm Nick Delaware remember." He leaned in as if to kiss her. "Silly girl."

"Don't give me that crap. I know who you are. What I want to know is why the secrecy?"

Vane shifted his weight and chewed on his lower lip. "How long have you known?"

"Since this afternoon."

"So why the big charade at the party?"

"You tell me. You and the real Nick Delaware seemed to have concocted some elaborate scheme to trick me. I want to know why. I want to know what's going on, and you'd better tell me. Now!"

Vane held his palms up, defensive. "Beats me. You should ask him, he's the boss. He doesn't let me in on his reasons. Although I do know it has something to do with a woman. I assume that woman is you."

Abbey blew out a breath. So she was right. Nick was trying to fool her for some reason. Damn him. What was he playing at?

"Looks like his plan backfired though," said Vane, suddenly grinning.

"What makes you say that?"

Vane placed both hands against the door, one on either side of Abbey's head. "You're here with me aren't you? Something tells me that wasn't part of his plan."

She shrunk away from him. "Aren't you worried about losing your job?"

"He's already fired me, so I don't think it matters if I sleep with his girlfriend."

"I'm not his girlfriend."

"Then why did he drink himself into oblivion while watching us? Looked like jealousy to me."

Abbey shrugged in a way she hoped was casual, although her heart had skipped several beats. Nick was jealous? "Maybe he was just enjoying the free champagne."

Vane shook his head. "I've never seen Delaware drink so much before. It's not in his nature. He likes to be in control and that means staying sober." He smirked and backed away from Abbey. "I didn't think he was human until tonight. You must have had quite an effect on him to get him into such a state."

Abbey lowered her eyes so Vane couldn't see them. Damn. This wasn't supposed to happen. She wasn't supposed to feel sorry for Nick. All she wanted to do was make him jealous and then leave him. Forever.

She'd achieved the jealous part it seemed. So far so good. Then why was her heart thumping so hard? And why did the leaving part make her stomach churn?

"I have to go," she said. Suddenly all she wanted to do was find Nick.

She opened the door and was into the corridor before Vane could stop her.

"Hey, where are you going, Babe?"

"None of your business. And I'm not your Babe."

Vane chuckled. "Going to find Delaware? That the guy just put you through a test and you failed. I don't think he's going to be too receptive towards you."

Abbey spun round. "A test? What do you mean?"

Vane shrugged. "I think that's what this was all about. He was testing you to see if you went for me thinking I was Delaware. You know he's loaded. He thought you were only interested in the money." His lips curled into a grin. "Guess he was wrong, since you already knew who was who and you still came back with me."

Abbey's head was spinning. She turned around slowly, not really aware of what she was doing, and headed for the elevator. Nick had put her through a test? That's what this was about? He thought she was only interested in him for his money?

She felt ill as she pushed the button for the elevator. As she waited, the illness disappeared and was replaced with the heat of anger.

That slime! That son of a bitch! He'd tested her as if she were some kind of experiment. He really didn't believe her when she'd said she wasn't a prostitute. Now he just thought she was a different kind of hooker. The kind that goes after rich men and marries them for their money.

Damn him!

The elevator door opened and she stumbled blindly into it. She pushed the button and rode up to the next level. She stepped out into Nick's corridor and knocked on his door.

There was movement inside, but it took several moments before the door opened. That gave Abbey long enough to think about what she was going to say.

She'd give Nick a taste of his own medicine and teach him a lesson.

"Abbey!"

Despite her new resolve, Abbey's heart leapt into her throat at the sight of him. Nick was disheveled and definitely drunk, but still looked damned sexy. He'd discarded his tie and his shirt was undone. It gaped open, revealing a swathe of toned chest muscles and washboard stomach.

She swallowed and reminded herself why she hated Nick Delaware right now. She tore her gaze away from his body and lifted it to his face. Not much better. Concentrate Girl!

Nick stepped aside and she moved past him. He clumsily tried to catch her arm but she shook him off.

"Abbey," he said quietly. "We need to talk."

She shook her head. "I've had enough of talking." She drew in a deep breath, turned around and smiled. She walked over to him and placed a hand on his chest. The muscles were taught under her fingers.

"I want you."

Nick's Adam's Apple jumped. He touched her hand and withdrew it from his chest but trapped it inside his own. Abbey stopped breathing.

"Abbey, I want to talk to you. It's important."

The last thing Abbey wanted to do was talk. Not only was it not part of her new plan, but it was also not very possible with Nick looking so delicious.

"Later," she said, husky. "There's something I have to do first. Something I need to do." She lifted her hands and linked them behind his head. Gently she drew him down, although he needed little encouragement. They kissed, long and slow. A fire burned in her belly and spread to her thighs and her ni**les as every part of her begged to have this man inside her.

Nick's kisses increased in ferocity. His tongue explored, hers responded, and before she knew it his hands were behind her, caressing her bare back, pulling her to him. His erection was rock hard and was proof of how much he desired her.

His hands didn't stay long on her back. They roamed to her rear, cupped her cheeks and squeezed. Then they moved down, brushing against her flesh at the edge of the dress. His hands lifted the hem and moved upwards, slowly caressing every inch of her thighs until he reached her bottom again. She was wearing a thong and when he realized this, he let out a strangled cry.

"Oh, Abbey," he whispered hoarsely against her lips. "My sweet Abbey."

His words and velvety voice sent a thrill through her body, puckering her skin in anticipation of what was to come. She realized she'd never wanted any man as much as she wanted Nick. Somehow, tonight, she felt as if things were so much more intense between them. So much more than just sex. There was a need there, a desire that ran too deep for words.

Get a grip, Girl. Keep your cool.

But she was very far from cool. Her body was exploding with heat. Her heart thumped so hard she could hear the blood rushing in her ears.

Nick stopped kissing her long enough to pick her up and stare into her eyes. His eyes were smoky with lust and passion and something else...need.

He held her to him and carried her to the couch. Abbey had enough of her wits still with her to shake her head and whisper, "The bed."

He changed direction and carried her to the bedroom, all the while his eyes never leaving hers. There was pain in them -pain mixed with desire -and it tore at Abbey's heart when she recognized it.

This was going to be harder than she thought.

He kissed her again as he laid her gently on the bed. Then his body covered hers, pinning her to the mattress. His weight felt good, reassuring.

She pushed his shirt off his shoulders and he pulled his arms free of the sleeves. She let the shirt drop to the floor then concentrated on his pants. He stood, took them off together with his shorts, then gently pulled her from the bed to stand against his naked body.

"I want to look at you, Abbey. I want to see your body."

She nodded and he reached behind her to undo the zip that started at her lower back and ended just below her bottom. The dress fell away and revealed her dressed only in a black thong.

Nick swallowed as he took a step back and let his eyes travel the length of her body. Somehow it didn't feel crude when he looked at her that way. His gaze was admiring, like a man studying a work of art. There was nothing threatening or vulgar about it.

Abbey stood, arms calmly at her sides, and let him drink her in. It was going to be his last time.

He took a step toward her and bent to kiss a nipple. It peaked immediately and drew a deep sigh from Abbey. His thumb and forefinger played with the other, twisting gently until a spasm shot through her.

He continued nibbling at her ni**les while his hands moved downwards, gently feeling every inch of bare skin between breast and the triangle of dark curls. She quivered before he even reached the spot that sent hot rushes through her. He rubbed and the quivering intensified. Her fingers gripped into the muscles in his shoulders and she arched herself into him, bringing her into contact with his hard erection.

He jerked away. "Not yet," he breathed.

Damn it. She wanted him badly. Inside her.

Abbey tried to get him to move to the bed but he wouldn't budge. As his fingers and tongue increased their speed she could feel herself approaching the edge. She was on the brink when he pushed her gently back on the bed and entered her with one quick thrust and a grunt.

She closed her eyes and relished the rush of tingles and heat that swamped her, enjoying the way he felt inside her -hard and big. Filling her. Nick shifted his weight. He knelt on the bed on top of her, and moved her legs so the calves rested on his shoulders, her toes pointing toward the ceiling. He thrust again, and Abbey's eyes sprang open as she gasped.

The new angle made him feel even bigger, longer. He reached a place she didn't know existed, unleashing a tide of waves crashing through her body. She felt like she was burning as masses of tingles ignited her, brought her to the edge and over it.

Her eyes locked with Nick's as she cried out. They were black and glazed with need and desire. She gripped his shoulders with her fingers as shudders took over her body. Nick threw back his head, his muscles twitched and tensed, and he let out a roar as he flowed into her.

Exhausted, they lay together on the bed in a damp tangle of limbs and sheets. Nick kissed the top of Abbey's head and pulled her into his chest, mumbling something that she couldn't make out. Abbey put her right leg between his knees, the movement an automatic one that she was only barely aware of.

Moments later Nick was asleep in her arms and she was telling herself she would activate her plan after she had a nap.

***

Nick awoke with a headache and stiff limbs. He moved his arms to feel for Abbey, sweet Abbey who'd come to him finally. But they wouldn't budge.

Nick groaned and slowly opened his eyes. He was on his bed in the hotel suite and Abbey was standing at the foot of the bed. Naked. He tried to move again to reach her, but couldn't.

That's when he realized he was tied to the bed. A sock bound each of his wrists and the pillow cases tied his feet. The bed was a four poster. He was naked and spread-eagled.

"Abbey! Abbey, what are you doing?" He tried to get up again, struggling with the bonds, but fell back into the pillows.

His first instinct was to panic, but that quickly passed when he realized Abbey wasn't a dangerous woman, just a pissed off one. She'd made love to him only hours before, so she couldn't be too angry either.

Could she?

She glared at him, hands on hips. The sight of her, naked and in control sent a thrill through him. He glanced down at his stirring cock. Abbey noticed too and smiled. She came round to the side of the bed.

"Abbey, what's going on? Let me go, and we'll talk about this."

She shook her head. "I'm sorry, but it's the only way I could stop you from touching me."

"Why don't you want me to touch you?"

"Because when you do I lose control."

Nick couldn't help smiling at that. He knew the feeling. "So?"

"So, I do want to talk to you, but I don't want you to touch me, and I know you will. And I know I'll respond. This is the only way I can say what I want to say without interruptions."

"You're lying." Nick could tell there was something else. He could see it in the wicked glint in her eyes. "You're going to tease me to death aren't you?"

Abbey laughed. "No. I'm not going to tease you-"

"You already are, just by standing there naked."

She frowned and picked her thong off the floor. She stepped into it. Nick watched, mesmerized, as the tiny piece of fabric swept over her smooth legs and her soft thighs, and settled over her dark triangle to hide her most secret place from him.

"Stay like that," he said. "If you stay like that I don't mind being tied up, honestly."

Abbey's mouth twitched, but she was already pulling her dress on.

Nick's breathing became shallow. So this wasn't about sex. She really didn't want to tease him. That was a problem. What did she have in mind? He struggled with the bonds again but they didn't budge. He let out a low growl.

"This isn't funny anymore, Abbey. Untie me."

Her eyes narrowed. "You lied to me. You treated me like a piece of meat."

For the first time, Nick noticed that Abbey's lips had turned almost white and her face glowed with a pink flush. She was angry. No, she was fuming.

Nick growled. "I'm going to kill that little weasel, Vane."

"Don't blame him. He might be a weasel, but you're a pig, Nick Delaware."

Nick's eyes rolled into the back of his head. So she knew. "When did you find out?"

"When his wife recognized you in the photos."

"You came to the party knowing who I was?"

She nodded and Nick blinked at her. That meant she'd been playing him all night-she'd known who he really was but had said nothing.

"You lied to me," she said. "You got Vane to lie to me too. You're despicable."

She stood and paced the length of the bed, then paused and glared down at him. Her chest heaved.

"What sort of woman do you think I am, Nick? Oh, yes, that's right," she sneered, "you think I'm a whore."

"I don't think -"

"No, you didn't think, did you? Do you have any idea how it made me feel when I found out you two were concocting a little game between yourselves to trap me?"

"It wasn't a game and I wasn't trying to trap you."

"Then why the secrets? Why was it so important you keep your identity from me?"

"Abbey, calm down. I just wanted to know whether you liked me for who I was, or because of my money."

"So you let me think I was sleeping with a married man with a string of mistresses, just to see if I really liked you? That's low, Nick, real low."

He hadn't thought of that. He hadn't considered that Abbey knew about Vane's past, and that it mattered to her. In a way, knowing that it did matter was heartening. It meant she liked him, had feelings for him, perhaps even wanted him all to herself.

But it also justified her anger and he didn't think his meager apology was going to make up for it.

"Well?" she asked, before he could say anything. "Did I pass your test?"

Nick gulped. Abbey's eyes flashed blue sparks at him as she stood, hands on hips, glaring down at him. He felt very vulnerable.

It was not an emotion he liked.

"Abbey, this is ridiculous. Let me go. I mean it. This isn't a joke."

"It never was a joke, Nick. And no, I will not let you go until you answer me. Did I pass your little test?"

He ground his teeth together. "Of course you did. You came here didn't you? We made love..."

She crossed her arms. "After I was with Vane."

Nick felt like his intestines had been tied into a knot and someone was pulling the ends. His head dropped back onto the pillows and he groaned. Damn Vane.

And damn Abbey. She could go to hell for all he cared. She'd slept with Vane. She'd actually slept with that slimy snake, just to get back at him for lying.

The thought made him sick. He drew in several shallow breaths and focused on a spot on the ceiling. It didn't help. He was going to throw up.

No, he wasn't, he just wanted to. He wanted to get the taste of Abbey off his lips and out of his system. How could she have slept with Vane after all that had passed between them? Had she done it just to get back at him?

He closed his eyes and heard her breathing suddenly become labored. Then he heard a sob. He opened his eyes again and glanced up at her. She stood beside him, her face in her hands. The sight was painful and he was glad he was tied up so he couldn't comfort her like his instincts wanted to.

No, she needed to regret what she'd done. She needed to know she'd made the wrong decision by sleeping with Vane. He wanted her to suffer the way he was suffering.

But his instincts pulled hard. He tried to move but his tight bonds prevented him. Trapped. He hated not being able to do anything. Hated feeling useless, vulnerable.

"Abbey," he said quietly. She didn't look up. "Come here. Untie me and we'll sort this out."

She shook her head, wiped away her tears and walked toward the door. She turned, then with a toss of her hair, left.

"Abbey! Abbey get back here! Abbey!"

The door closed and Nick swore until he had no energy left.

***

Abbey sat on her couch, head in her hands, trying not to cry. She didn't want Lucy to think she was weak and hopeless when it came to men. After ten minutes, she gave up trying to hold back the burning tears and let them pour out of her. Lucy would understand. She knew what Abbey was like anyway.

She heard Lucy sigh, pad across her floor and felt her comforting arm around her shoulders.

"Why do you do this to yourself?" Lucy asked.

Abbey shrugged. She didn't have an answer to that. She just figured she was genetically geared to fail where men were concerned. She had a habit of picking the wrong ones, except this time it was worse. She really felt like her heart had been ripped out of her body, tossed around, then put back upside down and inside out.

She felt awful.

And she had no one to blame but herself.

"I let him think I slept with Vane."

"What! Why?"

Abbey shrugged. "It seemed like a good way to punish him at the time." She sobbed. "And because I'm an idiot."

Lucy hugged her. "You're not an idiot. It's probably your subconscious helping you out."

Abbey withdrew her hands and looked at her friend. This she had to hear.

"Maybe you're really not interested in Nick Delaware after all and it was your subconscious telling you. Besides, it's a great punishment. I couldn't have thought of a better one myself."

Abbey returned her head to her hands and let out a low wail. "That's the lousiest piece of advice you've given me yet."

Lucy sighed. "I know but it was the only thing I could come up with on short notice. Look, Abbey Girl, he's gone back to Sydney already. Unless the hotel's housekeeper didn't arrive on time." Lucy burst out laughing. Abbey shed a fresh set of tears.

"Oh, now, I was kidding. It's just that the image of a little old woman walking in on a naked Nick Delaware tied to a bed is hilarious. It's exactly what he deserves. Imagine his humiliation! It's fantastically funny."

"No, it's dreadful. He must hate me."

"Probably."

"Oh, Lucy, what am I going to do?"

"Nothing. Forget about him."

"I can't. I think I'm in love with him."

"You haven't even known him a week! How can you be in love with him?"

Abbey shrugged. She didn't know the answer to that, but her heart told her it was true. Surely it wouldn't hurt this much if she didn't love him.

"Besides, it's only been a day since you saw him -these things take time to get over. Give it another week or two and you'll laugh about this." Lucy laughed. "It's very funny. I can just picture his face -"

"Don't, please. I feel like the worst woman in the world."

"Why? What did you do? He's the one who lied. He's the one who put you through a ridiculous test. He's the one with an ego problem, not you."

"Yes, but I told him I slept with Vane when I didn't. Now he thinks that not only was his test justified but I'm a slut too."

"Don't let any man call you a slut. You're not. No woman is. We don't call single men names when they sleep around yet we get labeled sluts and whores when we do. It's wrong. If any man called me a slut I'd knock him down flat."

Abbey almost smiled. She could imagine Lucy doing just that. "Yes, but you didn't see the look on his face. He was...horrified. I thought he was going to be sick."

Abbey started a fresh bout of crying. Nick had looked awful when she'd thrown him that lie. Something inside him just seemed to go...slack. As if he'd been crushed.

As soon as she'd said it Abbey had regretted it. She wanted to get Nick back for lying to her, but she should have settled with tying him to the bed and leaving. That at least was embarrassing and should put a severe dent in his arrogant ego when housekeeping turned up. But letting him think she'd slept with Damien was unfair.

And it appeared to affect him more than the bondage.

In fact, if he did have any feelings for her, that little piece of information would drive them away. He wasn't likely to call her now.

Good. She didn't want him calling her. She just wanted to forget about him and this entire sorry week. She wanted to get on with her life.

"Abbey Girl, let me assure you that however he looked last night, he's going to forget about you within the week. He'll be dating some society bimbo who fawns over him and really does only want him for his money. But I doubt he'll forget the housekeeper's face as she untied him -at least you made some impact." She giggled again. "I wish I'd been there."

Abbey raised her head. "Do you think so? Do you really think he'll forget me that quickly?"

A tear dripped down each cheek as that thought sank in. Maybe he would get over her easily. She couldn't see why not. A good looking rich man like Nick probably had models throwing themselves at his feet. The thought made her feel ill again.

The phone rang and Lucy picked it up. She listened then put the receiver to her breast so the other person couldn't hear.

"It's Tarken. Shall I get rid of him?"

Abbey hesitated. The last person she wanted to speak to was Tarken but she didn't want Lucy to hang up on him when he knew she was there. She didn't want to hurt any more feelings today.

She wiped her eyes. "Ask him what she wants."

Lucy put the phone back to her ear. "She wants to know what you want." Lucy listened, then put the phone back to her breast again. She was trying hard not to laugh. "He's at the office. He says Goldstein wants a report and he hasn't written it yet. He wants to know if you'll go in and help him. He says he'll pay you by the hour. Abbey, please give me the pleasure of telling him no."

Abbey nodded grimly. "Be my guest."

"The answer's no you bucket of slime," Lucy said into the phone. "Abbey doesn't want to talk to you or see your ugly face ever again. Got it?" She hung up and grinned at Abbey. "Good girl. You're making progress where he's concerned at least. Now if we can just get you to forget about Nick."

Abbey let out a low moan and put her head in her hands again.

She wasn't going to be able to forget Nick Delaware that easily.

CHAPTER 11

Nick leaned back in his leather chair, linked his hands behind his head, and stared out the floor-to-ceiling window of his thirty-fourth floor office. The view over the Sydney Harbor usually calmed him, allowing him to think clearly through meetings, negotiations and other sundry issues.

But today the view did nothing to relax him. The sharp pain that had continued to stab at his heart since Friday night was still there, hacking away.

Friday night. It was a night he'd never forget, that was for sure. But for all the wrong reasons.

The way Abbey had looked in that blue dress, the way it hugged her figure and rose and fell in time with her heavy breathing. She'd wanted him, he could tell. Wanted him, yet all the time, hated him.

Nick closed his eyes to block out the cheery blue sky and the memory of Abbey on that night. He didn't want to be cheery today, and he didn't want to remember Abbey.

Ever.

Problem was, it would take a hell of a long time to forget her.

How could he have made so many stupid mistakes in such a short amount of time? It wasn't like him. He'd never failed so perfectly as he'd failed last week.

His mistakes were too numerous to count. He should have told Abbey who he really was. It wasn't like there weren't enough opportunities. He shouldn't have called her a hooker for starters, especially to her face, and he shouldn't have put her through that ridiculous test.

And finally he should have told her he loved her.

That last realization had hit him so hard he couldn't stop shaking. On Friday night the minutes had ticked by so slowly as he waited for dawn and the housekeeper, that it had given him a long time to think. His anger and vulnerability had subsided, surprisingly, replaced with a tumult of other emotions and fears. Most of them centered over his realization that he adored Abbey, and that he was afraid of losing her. As he lay on top of the bed, naked and bound, he understood what it meant to be stripped of his self-control. And it had nothing to do with the thought of being found like that in the morning.

Abbey. The woman with the perfect body, bright inquisitive eyes, mouth that begged to be kissed and the ability to make him laugh. He groaned. How could he have ever thought she was a hooker?

He blew out a breath and turned back to the view. What view Abbey was seeing today?

His phone buzzed and he picked up.

"Tarken Pratt from JJC Pharmaceuticals in Melbourne for you, sir. Shall I put him through?"

Nick thought about saying no, then changed his mind. Maybe Tarken had some news about Abbey. Maybe she was working for him again. Maybe he could repair some of the damage if he could speak to her.

"Delaware here," he said into the receiver.

"Ah, yes, Mr. Delaware, we met in Melbourne last week. I was the, ah, date of Abbey McPherson."

Nick was about to open his mouth and tell him of course he remembered when he realized Tarken still thought he was Vane and Vane was him. Abbey probably hadn't bothered to inform him. Interesting. So what did the little swine want?

"If this is about the software -"

"No, no, nothing like that," Tarken said. "It's about your VP of Marketing, Damien Vane."

"Yes. Go on."

"Well, I think he needs to be seriously reprimanded."

"Oh? Why?"

"Because he behaved terribly to Abbey."

Nick leaned forward in his seat. "Is she working for you again?" he asked quickly.

"Not exactly..."

Nick sat back in his seat and passed a hand in front of his eyes. "So what's the problem?"

"Well, he behaved in an ungentlemanly manner toward her. I don't like it."

What was this all about? Did Tarken want to get him into trouble because he was jealous? If that were the case, then shouldn't he be even more jealous of the real Damien Vane, pretending to be Nick Delaware, because he'd whisked her away at the cocktail party?

"What about me?" he asked, feeling like an even bigger idiot for pretending to be someone else who was pretending to be him. The lies had taken on Shakespearean proportions. "You approve of the way I acted towards her on Friday night, but not the way Vane acted during the week. Mind telling me why?"

Tarken cleared his throat. "Well, Mr. Delaware, now don't get offended but I don't think Abbey was all that interested in you."

"No? Why not?"

"I think she was just trying to make me jealous."

"You?"

"Yes. She was only pretending to flirt with you."

"Pretending? Really? And Vane?"

"He's just, well, I just don't like the way he was watching Abbey that night. He also got incredibly drunk and I don't think that's appropriate behavior for a man in his position."

Nick didn't know whether to laugh or curse him. "Thank you, I'll take that on board and deal with it accordingly."

He hung up.

So Tarken thought Abbey wasn't really flirting with Vane, just pretending to? He vaguely remembered Tarken saying something on Friday night as they watched them together. But he'd been so drunk he hadn't remembered it until now.

Could Tarken be telling the truth? It was possible.

So she was only pretending to flirt with the real Vane to make them jealous. No, not them, him, Nick. Tarken knew it and was worried about the competition, hence the phone call to get him fired and out of the picture.

Slimy little weed. If only Nick had taken more notice on Friday night and hadn't got drunk he might be able to determine if Tarken spoke the truth now.

But it was too late to think about what-ifs. Abbey was in Melbourne and he was in Sydney. Their paths were unlikely to cross again. In a few days or weeks he'd be over her and this whole sorry episode would be forgotten.

Damn he hoped so, because he couldn't go on like this. He needed to regain some control over his life again. He felt like he'd been free falling without a parachute.

Nick laughed quietly to himself. He imagined Tarken reading about Vane leaving Software Solutions in the business pages of the newspapers. He'd probably think it was because of what he said. Nick wondered if they'd print a photograph. Maybe he should send one in to the papers, just to confuse Tarken. But that wouldn't help his company's business prospects in Melbourne with hundreds of seminar attendees who'd also wonder at the difference.

There was a knock on Nick's door and his personal assistant popped her head around.

"Can I get you some lunch, sir?" asked the middle-aged blonde.

He shook his head. "No thanks, Beverly. I'm not hungry."

Beverly's face fell. "But you haven't eaten anything all day. Usually you have breakfast, and at least three cups of coffee by now -"

"I appreciate your concern, but I'm really not hungry."

She attempted a smile. "Sure. What about those appointments you cancelled this morning? Can I reschedule them yet?"

"I don't know when I'll be able to fit them in. You'd better cancel all of this afternoon's and tomorrow's meetings too."

"B, but, sir, that's a lot of appointments."

"Just do it," he snapped.

She bobbed her head and closed the door. Nick closed his eyes, immediately regretting his tone. She was the best secretary he'd had and she didn't deserve to be spoken to like that. He would apologize to her later when he'd calmed down.

He spun round to look out the window again.

The smog had settled in over Sydney, a brown sludge that stretched to the horizon in all directions. He sighed and wondered if he should maybe take a few days off. He didn't feel like dealing with the staff, clients and business proposals.

But he rejected that idea just as quickly. Going away by himself suddenly seemed dull. Only a week ago he would have jumped at the chance to go to his house in the Blue Mountains and relax for a while, but now he couldn't see the point.

Damn it, this was all Abbey's fault.

He sighed. Who was he kidding? It wasn't her fault it was his. He ruined everything right from the first moment he met her. He wished he could do it all again -he'd change the way he'd handled everything.

He glared at the phone. He still had Lucy's office number written on a piece of paper in the pocket of his suit jacket. Maybe he could call her. Maybe Abbey would be there and he could talk to her. If she wasn't, he could just ask after her, check to see if she was all right.

He reached for the phone, picked it up, then slammed it down again.

The woman had slept with Vane! Nick might have been to blame for most of this mess but the image of her with Vane was way too much.

He tapped his forehead on the desk and groaned. She'd slept with Vane and it was all his fault.

He heard the door to his office click open.

"Oh, my goodness, sir, are you ill?"

"Yes. Go away."

He heard Beverly hesitate before the door clicked closed again.

"Damn women," he muttered to the empty room.

***

Abbey wandered aimlessly around her apartment. She tried to eat an apple but threw it away after one bite. She wasn't hungry. She turned on the television but the daytime programs were dull. She opened the doors to the balcony and sat in a deck chair, opened her book and tried to read. She closed it again with the bookmark on the same page.

Maybe she should try to get more sleep. She'd barely slept a wink all week and she felt like a zombie.

She went inside, lay on the bed, and images of Nick Delaware floated in front of her closed lids. She groaned and got up again.

She opened the employment section of the papers and tried to concentrate. She could contact a few agencies, mail off her resume.

For the hundredth time she went over the events of Friday night and came to the same conclusion she'd come to every time -she was a fool for letting Nick think she'd slept with Vane.

Then she changed her mind again and decided she was better off without a lying cheat like Nick, then she changed her mind back again and lamented everything about her sorry situation.

When the phone rang, she snatched at it, half hoping it would be Nick.

"Abbey McPherson?"

The voice sounded familiar. "Yes?"

"It's John Goldstein here. I want to talk to you about your position at JJC Pharmaceuticals."

Abbey sat up straight and listened to what Goldstein had to say. Half an hour later she was dressed in a navy blue suit and crisp white shirt. She got into her car, switched the air conditioning on high and turned up the volume on her radio.

She smiled to herself despite the lingering misery in her gut. She deserved this. She deserved to get something after all the crap of last week. Part of her felt sorry for Tarken though. He didn't deserve to lose his job. On second thought, he did deserve it. He'd never been able to run that office. Abbey had done everything for him.

Thank goodness Goldstein recognized that and wanted her back-as the office manager.

She hoped Tarken wasn't still there. It could get awkward between them when he learned she was his replacement.

Fifteen minutes later she strolled into the city office. The first thing she heard was Tarken shouting. The second thing was Melinda crying.

Abbey walked in, back straight, chin up and stared Tarken straight in the eye. "Is there anything I need to know before you leave?" she asked.

Tarken's jaw dropped open. "You're going to run the office?"

"Goldstein didn't tell you? How remiss of him."

"Get Goldstein on the phone now," shouted Tarken. No one moved. He picked up the phone himself, dialed, said a few harsh words to Goldstein that included several expletives. Then he listened and finally he handed the phone to Abbey.

"He wants to talk to you," he said levelly.

Abbey took the phone and watched as a deflated Tarken opened the door and left, slamming it behind him.

"Yes, Mr. Goldstein?"

"Your first priority is to close the deal on the software. I want it installed before June."

"Yes, Mr. Goldstein."

Abbey hung up, smiled reassuringly at the stunned staff around her, and entered Tarken's office. Her office. She closed the door and slumped into the chair.

Incredible. A totally new career without even searching for it. It would involve enormous amounts of responsibility and a lot of hard work. All these things flittered through Abbey's mind, but one thing stuck with her above all others. New software meant contacting Software Solutions. And that meant speaking to Nick again.

She didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

***

A MONTH LATER

Nick paced the length of his office trying to work off his excess energy. He was up to his fifth cup of coffee and it wasn't even lunchtime. A month of carefully piecing his self-respect together again and all shattered by a letter of intent to purchase from JJC Pharmaceuticals.

He really didn't know why he was so nervous. It was only that fool Tarken after all. It's just that he was his only link to Abbey. Whether Tarken still saw Abbey or knew what she was up to didn't really matter. He knew her and the thought that he might have news about her was enough to shatter Nick's concentration.

And more than anything, Nick wanted to hear about her. He wanted to know what she was up to, how she was going. If she had a boyfriend.

Okay, maybe he shouldn't ask Tarken-the answer might not be something he wanted to hear.

He stopped pacing. What was he thinking? He shouldn't be this nervous over a meeting with a jerk like Tarken. He could run rings around him. By the end of the day, he'd have Tarken eating out of the palm of his hand.

It's just that thinking about Tarken brought back memories of Abbey. For a month he'd nearly called her every single night-or called Lucy's office. By day he was in control around the office. Then he'd go home, pick up the phone before slamming it down again, angry at her and angry at himself for letting his barriers down again so easily. Every night he'd get to bed early because he was exhausted, but by two he'd get up again because he couldn't sleep. It was always the same.

No wonder Beverly told him looked terrible.

The door to his office opened and Beverly's fluffy blonde head popped around the corner. She had a notepad and pen.

"What did you same this man's name is again? Pratt?"

"Pratt. And Donaldson, JJC's head of I.T."

Beverly made a note then glanced up.

"Can I get you anything?"

"Another cup of coffee."

"I think you've had enough. One more cup and you'll be bouncing off the walls."

"Black, one sugar," he growled.

Beverly sighed and nodded.

"And Beverly, is everything set up?"

She nodded again. "I've booked them rooms at the Plaza just in case this goes into tomorrow."

She closed the door and Nick continued his pacing. He hoped it didn't go into tomorrow. He couldn't stand seeing Tarken's slimy face two days in a row.

***

Abbey listened to Donaldson's techno-babble for most of the flight but ten minutes before landing in Sydney, she tuned out. She couldn't help it. No matter how hard she concentrated, her mind just wouldn't focus. All she could think about was Nick, and that she would be seeing him again soon.

Did he even know he was about to see her? Did he know that Tarken was no longer in charge of JJC's Melbourne office?

She wasn't entirely sure. She'd kept out of the deal until now, leaving it to Donaldson to discuss details with Software Solutions' new VP of Marketing and tech gurus. Now that it was decision making time, she'd become involved in the number crunching. She hadn't spoken to Nick. This meeting would be the first opportunity. From what she'd heard of Nick Delaware in the last month, he was ruthless in business and always researched potential clients thoroughly. Which meant he probably knew she was in charge of JJC.

So how was he feeling right now? Hopefully as nervous as her. It was the least he deserved. Abbey wiped her palms on the plane's seat and took another deep breath.

As the plane taxied to a halt at Sydney airport she swallowed, blew out a breath, then wiped her hand across her eyes. This was not going to be easy.

Get a grip, Abbey. You can do this.

She wasn't here to start something with Nick all over again, she was here to do a deal on behalf of JJC. It was important to her new career. It was her first major project and she needed to succeed.

Lucy's words sprang to mind. "Screw him," she'd said.

"What? I thought you said I shouldn't get involved with him again."

"No, I mean screw him on price. Tell him you'll do whatever he wants if he gives you a discount on the software."

"I'm not going to do that! If he didn't think I was a whore before then he would if I said that."

Lucy had shrugged. "Okay, then just make him want you really bad so he'll agree to everything. Even if he doesn't, just make him want you. It'd be fun to see him squirm. Wish I could be there."

"Then you can take my place because I don't want to go."

That wasn't entirely true either. She wanted very much to see Nick again, despite her denial. She knew it. Her body with its hot tingles told her so.

This meeting was going to be unbearable.

An hour later, Abbey and Donaldson waited in the foyer of Software Solutions. A middle-aged woman with blonde hair and too much makeup walked toward them. She introduced herself as Beverly, Nick's P.A.

She led them down a corridor, passed a row of desks where long-haired twenty-something men hunched into computer screens, surrounded by pyramids of empty Coke cans. A few of them openly appraised her, others glanced away nervously. Most just continued to work.

"Here we go," sang Beverly.

She opened the door to a large room with an oblong, polished wood table in the middle. Two men stood on the other side of the table. One, a stranger, was facing them. The other stood and stared out of the floor-to-ceiling window, his back to them.

He didn't need to turn around for Abbey to know it was Nick.

But he did, slowly, a grim frown plastered to his handsome face. Abbey swallowed and waited for recognition to set in.

It took a few seconds but when it did, his shock was obvious to everyone in the room. He looked like a man who'd just seen a crew of aliens disembarking a UFO that had landed in his front yard. He took a step backwards, as if he'd been shoved, and his eyes nearly sprang from their sockets.

"Abbey!"

Abbey tried to smile. "Hello, Nick."

It was clear he hadn't been expecting her. The wide-eyed stare and pale expression made her heart skip wildly. Was this a good sign or a bad one? Was he happy to see her?

Right now he just looked shocked. His mouth hung open like an unhinged door.

He also looked incredibly sexy. But despite the neatly combed hair and the carefully shaved chin, Abbey could see signs of stress. A web of spidery lines that hadn't been there before crept across his forehead, and his black eyes-which she could only remember as shining brilliantly-were dull.

So, the last month had been hell on him, just like it had been for her. Good. He deserved it.

Nick's colleague cleared his throat and approached. He introduced himself as the new VP of Marketing, Mathew Willis, and she introduced herself as the new manager of the JJC Pharmaceuticals Melbourne office.

They sat at the long table and for several moments everyone stared awkwardly at each other.

Finally, Nick stirred from his stupor. "Where's Tarken?"

"Tarken no longer works for JJC. I replaced him."

A smile curved across Nick's lips. "Good for you," he said quietly.

Abbey felt her face heat up and she glanced at Donaldson to get proceedings moving.

Donaldson took his cue and went through the technical details with Mathew Willis. Abbey tried to concentrate but her attention was constantly drawn to Nick. He stared back at her. Intently.

There was no humor in his eyes, no bright spark as there had been a month ago. Today, his eyes were somber and his expression hard as he scanned her face.

Abbey tried to smile but couldn't. She just felt too awkward. She raised a brow in question and he finally awoke from his trance. He shifted in his seat, asked Willis a question and nodded at the answer. Willis continued to drone on and Nick's attention turned to her again.

He smiled, a tentative smile that warmed Abbey's heart. It wasn't a vindictive smile but a questioning one. Are we okay? it seemed to ask.

Abbey glanced away. She wasn't ready to answer that yet.

An hour later and progress was much slower on the deal than Abbey had expected. It seemed that Nick wanted to discuss every point. He debated all options, then mulled over possible conclusions, even when there was an obvious one.

Delaying tactics. To throw them off? It was a deliberate strategy businessmen like him used in the boardroom, she'd quickly discovered. Well it wasn't going to work on her. She'd sit quietly, let him talk and debate, then she'd go in for the kill when all options had been argued over.

At four-thirty Beverly brought in coffee and biscuits.

"Let's take a break," suggested Nick.

Everyone looked relieved. Except Abbey. "I think we should keep going. We have a six-thirty flight."

"Actually Beverly booked you into a hotel for the night just in case. If you give her your flight details she'll reschedule them for tomorrow."

Nick looked smug. He hovered beside her elbow, close enough that Abbey could smell his cologne. It was intoxicating and brought back so many memories. Painful ones, but good ones too.

"Abbey?" Nick prompted when she didn't answer.

She nodded and forced herself to concentrate. "I'll go see her now."

Beverly took down the flight details and gave her the name of the hotel and directions. "I also organized spare clothes for you for tonight and tomorrow. I hope I got your size right."

Abbey thanked her. "This meeting seems to be taking longer than I thought. Nick wants to discuss every point. He doesn't seem sure about anything in there."

Beverly raised her penciled-in eyebrows. "That doesn't sound like Mr. Delaware. Usually his meetings are short and to the point."

"Not this one."

Beverly shook her head. "How unusual. Just between us girls, most people call him The Machine round here. He just goes in, gets the job done and gets out again. No messing about. Doesn't care who's in the way usually. Although..."

She shook her head again and pursed her red lips.

"Although...?" prompted Abbey.

"Well, he has been a little strange this last month. Ever since he got back from the seminar in Melbourne."

Abbey caught her breath. "Different? How so?"

Beverly shrugged. "Not so...aggressive. Actually, he's been very nice. I quite like this new man." She grinned. "I hope the other Nick doesn't come back in a hurry."

Abbey thanked her and returned to the boardroom, her mind a little dazed.

She knew Nick was the straight-down-the-line businessman who always got what he wanted when he wanted-she'd seen evidence enough of his arrogance in Melbourne. Yet it was a side of him that was totally opposite to what she'd experienced at other times. Passion, need and a desire to be loved and to love someone back-these were the traits Nick Delaware had allowed her to see in Melbourne.

Abbey gulped. So Nick had been affected by their encounter last month. Good. It meant her lesson had actually achieved something.

She joined the three men in the boardroom and listened to them figure out the details. She contributed little, her thoughts way too jumbled to form coherent arguments. Besides, they were still discussing the technology aspect, which wasn't her area.

For the rest of the day she found her eyes periodically wandering to Nick of their own accord. Sometimes she caught him watching her, other times he seemed to be listening to Donaldson and Willis. Occasionally he threw in his two cents worth.

When six o'clock rolled around, the meeting was called to a halt.

"How about we all meet for dinner," suggested Willis.

"Actually," said Nick, "Abbey and I should discuss some financial details and I thought tonight would be a good opportunity. Abbey?"

She hesitated then nodded slowly. They needed to get this encounter over with. The sooner the better.

"I'll pick you up around seven-thirty?"

She nodded again and numbly followed Donaldson out of the boardroom. When they reached the elevator, she felt a firm hand on her shoulder and she turned to see Nick's face very near hers.

He stared into her eyes, his black orbs sparkling for the first time that day, the way they used to. A half smile twitched playfully at his lips. "I look forward to seeing you," he whispered.

Abbey stepped inside the elevator, took a deep breath and closed her eyes. It was going to be hell trying to resist Nick tonight.

CHAPTER 12

Abbey's heart thudded at the sound of knocking. She quickly checked her appearance in the mirror, took a deep breath and walked as steadily as her weak knees would allow to the door.

Nick smiled warmly down at her. He took a step toward her then hesitated. She knew how he felt. Kissing him was an automatic reaction for her too.

"Ready?"

She grabbed her purse then stepped into the corridor.

"Where to?" she asked brightly. No need to let him think her stomach was doing back flips or that she needed to pee for the tenth time in the last hour.

"A nice restaurant on the Harbor. It has a great view." He took her arm and steered her towards the elevator. "It's also very private."

Abbey held her breath. Did he want privacy to talk or to re-enact their last restaurant encounter?

Nick's hand felt reassuring and strong on her arm. He directed her to a black BMW and opened the door for her. She stepped inside and waited as Nick jogged around to his side. The sticky heat of the evening poured in when he opened his door.

They sat in awkward silence until Nick parked in a space alongside a strip of shops and restaurants. Being Monday night, it wasn't very busy.

He was right about the restaurant being private. Dim lights, a lot of room between tables and few patrons meant they could talk and not be overheard. But the table cloths barely came to the edge of the tables and afforded no privacy whatsoever for anything other than talk.

Abbey glanced at Nick to see if he noticed them too, but if he had, he didn't show any signs of it. In fact, he didn't show signs of any emotion whatsoever. His face was solid stone and his eyes avoided hers. He was in complete control.

They were directed to a table near the window with breathtaking views of Sydney Harbor and the boats bobbing up and down on the water.

"This is nice," said Abbey, attempting to make conversation. Suddenly this had become very awkward. She was beginning to regret accepting the invitation. After all, they had absolutely nothing in common except a hot week of sex in Melbourne and the pending business deal. Maybe she should concentrate on that -a nice, safe topic.

Nick held her chair out for her as she sat, then smiled politely when he took his own seat.

"I thought you'd like it. They have a great selection of wines." He handed her the list.

Abbey took it, hesitating when he didn't immediately let go. He was smiling at her again, this time it was friendlier, familiar.

She scanned the list and selected a shiraz from a local vineyard that she liked.

"Nice choice," said Nick. "You have great taste in wines."

"Expensive taste you mean." It was meant to be a joke but it wiped the smile clean off Nick's face.

She glanced away. He couldn't possibly still think she was after him for his money? Could he?

"Maybe this was a bad idea," she muttered, standing.

Nick shot to his feet. "No! You can't go, we haven't even...eaten."

"Look, Nick, this is uncomfortable. We're here to work, not re-live what happened a month ago. I think we should concentrate on the business at hand."

His face hardened and lost color. He grabbed her hand and squeezed tightly. "Abbey, don't go. I'm sorry. That was my fault. I don't think... well, I don't think you're a hooker anymore." He smiled tentatively and Abbey blushed but nodded.

She sighed. She was being irrational. This was business. They had to spend tomorrow brokering the deal, so she should at least remain polite to him, despite what he might still think of her.

They sat again, but Nick hadn't let go of her hand. He held it across the table and his thumb rubbed gently along hers. The movement was sensual.

Their wine arrived and the waiter took their order. Nick let go, somewhat reluctantly it seemed, and sat back in his chair. He watched her through black eyes that were as hot as coals.

"Congratulations," he finally said.

Abbey looked up at him sharply. "What for?"

"The promotion. Tarken must've been surprised."

She grinned. "Angry more like it. I had threatening phone calls for a week afterwards."

Nick frowned and sat forwards. "He didn't try anything did he?"

"No. He's all hot air and no action. Anyway, he got another job the following week and I haven't heard from him since."

"Good. I'd hate to think he was bothering you. There's nothing worse than having a psycho ex boyfriend on your hands."

"Speaking from experience?"

Nick grinned. "Not about the boyfriend."

Abbey had forgotten how great that smile could be, how infectious. She couldn't help smiling with him.

"Melinda also found another job," Abbey said. "She suddenly felt uncomfortable with me as her boss."

He chuckled. "I don't blame her. I think you'd make a scary boss."

"Scary! I'm the nicest boss around. Unlike you, I imagine. I hear they call you The Machine."

Nick frowned. "Who told you that?"

She shrugged and pretended to admire the view.

"The Machine?" he said, half to himself. "I wonder what that's supposed to mean? That I work long hours?"

The look on his face was priceless. All of a sudden he seemed utterly concerned that his staff didn't like him.

"I think it means that you're, well, heartless."

"Heartless! I've got a big heart. Especially when it comes to my staff." He shook his head, frowning. "I can't believe they think I'm heartless."

She grinned. "I also heard that you've change in the last month. Changed for the better."

He raised an eyebrow. "Changed? How so?"

She shrugged. "Just nicer I guess."

"Nicer. Hmmm."

"So what happened a month ago to change you so drastically?"

Nick's eyes flew to hers then quickly skittered away. Abbey leaned forward and touched his hand. To hell with talking about business. She wanted an answer to this one and she wasn't letting him go until she had it, whether it was what she wanted to hear or not.

"Well?"

He glanced at her then up at the approaching waiter who took their orders and disappeared.

"Well?" she prompted again.

"Abbey, don't." He looked pained.

"Why?"

"This isn't fair."

"Nothing about this was ever fair, Nick. Let's face it, I wasn't fair to you and you weren't fair to me. There's been a lot of water under the bridge between us, and I just want to start hearing the truth from you. I'm tired of lies."

He stiffened. His face had gone rigid, all hard angles. "Do you want me to tell you I've hated every minute of the last month because I can't get you out of my head? Or would you prefer I tell you that we were just one of those things that burns brightly and dies just as quickly? Well, which is it to be, Abbey?"

His words stung. "The truth, Nick."

He sat back, glancing out at the Harbor. "I'm not ready for the truth."

Abbey bit the inside of her bottom lip to stop it from quivering. So which version had been the real one? She thought there was probably an element of truth in both scenarios for him-that he hadn't been able to stop thinking about her and yet there was nothing between them except great sex. Problem was, as far as she was concerned, the emotion she'd felt for Nick hadn't gone away. It had only intensified.

Had it for him?

Their meals arrived and they fell silent, the topic too painful to resurrect.

"I think we'd better stick to safe conversation tonight," Nick said at last.

"Like business?"

He shook his head. "Tell me about you, Abbey. You never really did let me see who you really were."

She blinked. "I'm so boring."

Nick's lips twitched into a smile. "You're the least boring person I've ever met-after Lucy that is."

Abbey chuckled. Then she frowned and tried to think of something interesting to say about her life.

"Tell me where you were born," he prompted. "And then tell me where you grew up. I want to know about your parents, brothers and sisters, whether you liked school and what sort of dress you wore to the school dance. Things like that."

"Well, the last one's easy. It was purple with puffy mutton-chop sleeves. It was hideous."

He laughed. "I bet you weren't hideous though. I bet all the guys in school wanted to date you back then."

She crossed her arms and leaned forward. "If I tell you about me, then I expect the same from you. Okay?"

He nodded. "Deal. All the gory details, including what I wore to my school dance. Something tells me you'll laugh though."

She put a hand to her breast. "Me? Laugh at Nick Delaware? I wouldn't dare."

"Wrong." Nick's eyes sparkled. "You're the only person I've ever met who does laugh at me."

"Except for Lucy."

They both laughed and Abbey launched into the details of her life starting with birth. She thought it was going to be short, but Nick kept asking questions and offering comments.

Then he began his own story and she learned that his family had been well off, but he'd rebelled when he finished school and disappeared for a few years, preferring to hang around the beach and surf with his mates. He glossed over that period of his life rather quickly, Abbey thought, but she decided not to ask him any questions about it. Not yet. Perhaps one day...

After dessert and coffee, Nick paid the bill and they decided to walk along the promenade.

"Lovely evening," Abbey breathed.

He caught her hand and murmured his agreement. They walked hand in hand for a while, then turned to head back to the car. When they reached the BMW, Nick suddenly spun Abbey round to face him.

He was very close to her, his lips only inches from hers. He brushed his hands along her waist to her hips, feeling her curves, then reached up behind her and pulled her to him. Abbey's body fit into his perfectly and the sudden closeness sent tingles down her spine. She could feel his rousing erection pressing into her stomach.

His lips nibbled at hers, but they didn't kiss, much to Abbey's frustration. It seemed her lips wanted him, badly. Her body wanted him even more.

He reached up and brushed a knuckle across her cheek, his black eyes shining into hers.

"This was nice tonight, Abbey," he whispered.

"Very nice," she agreed. But was it about to end? Or was he going to come back to her hotel room?

"So tell me, Ms. McPherson, do you put out on the first date?"

Abbey giggled. "This isn't our first date."

"I know," he whispered, "but it feels like it."

She nodded. It did. It felt like they were starting all over again. She closed her eyes and leaned into him. His erection got bigger and his lips met hers in a deep and desperate kiss.

"I only put out for the right sort of man on the first date," she said when they parted.

"Do I qualify?"

She stood back and let her eyes roam his body. "I guess you'll do."

He laughed softly and opened the car door for her. Before she stepped in, Abbey put a hand to his chest and felt the muscles tightening under her fingers.

"Actually, you'll do perfectly."

Nick kissed her intensely and sharply, then patted her bottom. "Hurry up and get in the car then. I'm not a machine."

She laughed and sat in her seat while he sprinted around to his side and jumped in. He sped back to the hotel and waited impatiently as she fumbled with the key in the lock of the door.

Abbey paused, key poised. "This isn't going to be like the last time we had dinner together is it?"

Nick's brows knitted. "Why?"

"I've only got one spare pair of underwear, so no ripping."

He grinned. "Promise I'll be gentle." He nodded to the door. "But if you don't hurry up, I can't be held responsible for what I do."

Abbey finally opened the door and stepped inside. Before she had a chance to close it, Nick had her in his arms. His mouth covered hers in a hard, searching kiss as he picked her up and carried her to the bed.

He undid the buttons on her shirt and his hand found a pliant breast. His thumb strummed the nipple slowly through the thin fabric of her bra and it didn't take long before Abbey's breath was coming short and fast.

His other hand moved down and unzipped her skirt. It puddled at her feet. She stepped out of it and drew her panties down her legs. Nick unhooked her bra and licked each nipple until Abbey's body was arching into his. His erection, still inside his pants, was huge and throbbing as it pressed against her. She fumbled with his belt and fly but he drew himself away.

"Not yet," he whispered. "You first."

His tongue traveled from her br**sts to her stomach and downwards until it met the triangle of hair below her belly. With a few flicks of his tongue on the right spot, she began to pant and spread her legs wider.

"Oh my..."

Nick's hands reached around and sank into her behind, caressing the mounds of flesh. But Abbey barely noticed. Her own hands sank into his hair as the shudders began to overtake her, and soon she was rocking, her head thrown back and a low cry gurgling in her throat.

She rode the waves until her legs felt like jelly and could no longer hold her up.

"Come here," she whispered hoarsely.

Nick rose and picked her up, gently placing her on the bed. He raised himself above her, his stiff erection poised. She placed a hand gently on his chest and shook her head.

"I want you to lie down."

He did, and she straddled him. She lowered herself onto him and watched as he shut his eyes, threw his head back and sucked in a breath through his teeth. Within moments he was arching into her, thrusting higher inside her.

She began slowly, moving her body gently to the rhythm of their heartbeats, then she stepped it up a notch.

Nick caught hold of her hips.

"If you keep doing that I won't last long. It's been a whole month."

But instead of slowing, Abbey smiled wickedly and picked up the pace until she was pumping him hard. With a stifled cry and a sudden thrust into her, he climaxed, his fingers gripping her hips.

Abbey collapsed on top of him, stretching out her legs to lie her entire length on his. He hugged her to him tightly, one hand buried in her hair, the other around her waist. She listened to his breathing. It started out as fast and heavy then dropped to a regular pace before slowing dramatically as he dozed off.

She closed her eyes but couldn't sleep. This was what she'd wanted to do for the last month. She'd thought of nothing else until now. She wanted to enjoy this moment.

Because she had a feeling it wasn't going to last.

Finally she got up and went into the bathroom. When she came out, Nick was sitting up on the bed waiting for her. By the look of his stiffening erection he was ready to go again.

Abbey wasn't. She was going to sort this out once and for all.

She shook her head and Nick frowned.

"What's wrong?" he asked. He patted the bed beside him and when she sat, he put his arm around her and hugged her close.

"What's wrong, Sweetheart?"

She sighed. It was now or never.

"On the night when I left, I told you I slept with Vane." She felt him stiffen and his arm suddenly retreated. "I lied. I didn't."

Nick moved away from her. He stopped, paced the room once, then returned to the bed. He lifted her chin. "Then why did you tell me you did?"

She shrugged and lowered her gaze. "To hurt your feelings."

"You succeeded," he whispered. He turned away from her and headed into the bathroom. When he came out, Abbey swallowed. He avoided her gaze.

"Why don't you want to talk about this?" she said.

"Because I want to forget about it. I want to start over. I'm not proud of the way I lost control over the situation back then."

"I'm not proud of a lot things either," said Abbey. But he still didn't look at her. There was something else. And she knew what it was. "You don't believe me do you? You still think I slept with him."

He shook his head but said nothing. He was pulling on his shorts and pants.

"Nick stop. Talk to me. Do you believe me?"

He sighed. "Abbey, I told you, I don't want to talk about it." He stopped, fly still undone and came to the bed. He kissed her deeply and held her to him, resting his chin on her head.

She could hear his heart beating rapidly and loudly. Nick's arms felt good around her, reassuring, but his rigid body told the truth. He thought she was lying, and it still pained him to think that she'd slept with that creep Vane.

It pained Abbey that he didn't believe her. Did that mean he still thought she was a gold digger too?

"Why don't you believe me?" she asked, her voice sounding small.

Nick touched her chin so she was forced to look up at him. "Abbey, it doesn't matter. The important thing is I want to start all this over again and do it properly. I've decided I want to be with you. What happened then is history."

"It's not history! It was only a month ago. And you don't believe me! Will you ever believe me, Nick, or will you always wonder if I'm here because of your money? Will you always wonder what really happened that night? Will you always think I came to you because I wanted the real Nick Delaware, the wealthy one?"

Abbey choked back a sob and Nick reached for her.

"Abbey, don't do this. It's not necessary."

"Damn you, it is necessary! You still think I'm here for your money, don't you?"

"Abbey, I don't care."

The tears flowed down her cheeks, burning her eyes and choking her throat. "What? You don't care that I'm a gold digger?"

He threw his hands up in exasperation, then tried to hold her but she stood and walked away. She pulled a robe out of the closet and threw it around her shoulders.

Nick followed her but she held out her hand. "Don't touch me."

"Abbey, Sweetheart, please listen to me." He paused and ran a hand through his hair. Taking a deep breath, he let it out slowly. "I'm sorry if you feel like that, but you're right. I wonder about it, but I've decided I don't care if you slept with him or not. I just want you. I've made my decision."

He reached for her but again she moved away.

"Have you decided that I'm a liar as well as a whore?"

"Abbey, don't talk like that."

"It's true. You think I'm after you for your money."

Nick threw up his hands. "So what? I don't care. Have it. It hasn't made me happy, but if that's what you want-"

"It's not what I want!"

Nick sighed and turned away. He reached for his shirt and put it on.

"I think I'd better go. You need some sleep. I'm sure in the morning you'll see this from my point of view." Fully dressed he turned back to her and caught her face between his hands.

He kissed the top of her head and left.

Abbey spluttered out a few tears then fell onto the bed, sobbing. Her heart was heavy and cold as her world suddenly fell apart all over again. This time she knew it was final. This time she knew he didn't believe her and never would. He said it didn't matter, but what if they took this further and in a year he decided it did matter. What then?

Abbey curled herself up into a ball on the bed and waited for sunrise.

***

Nick watched the sun rise slowly over the horizon. Dressed in a light robe, coffee in hand, his toast sitting untouched on the table, he leaned back into the deck chair on his balcony and closed his eyes, shutting out the cheerful brightness.

He felt anything but cheerful.

The pain that had settled in his gut at Abbey's hotel hadn't disappeared and he couldn't eat. He could hardly swallow his coffee but he forced it down. He needed it. He had a long and difficult day ahead of him-he was seeing Abbey again.

But closing his eyes didn't make him feel any better. It just made the images of Abbey more vivid. The image of her making love to him, the image of her crying when he admitted he didn't believe her about Vane.

He'd really blown it this time. He'd had a chance, damn it, a good chance to make it work with her, and he'd thrown it away as if she meant nothing. There was no bigger fool in the world than Nick Delaware. Just when he was beginning to feel in control of his life again after such a wonderful date, everything had to change.

He thought about going back, talking to her, but that would only risk making it worse. He at least had today to talk to her again. Hopefully she'd calmed down and had thought it through.

He'd tried to tell her he loved her last night, but she'd been too upset to really hear him so he'd refrained. Besides, he'd repeatedly told her it didn't matter to him about her and Vane, so surely that had sunk in by now. Surely that meant something to her. Surely it was enough.

Nick moaned and rubbed his fingers into his eyes.

Of course it wouldn't have sunk in. She didn't believe for one minute that he didn't care about Vane. Because he did, and she knew it. She knew him.

At about five AM. that fact had hit him hard. He'd been lying in bed, going over the evening again for the hundredth time in his mind when he suddenly realized she'd seen something in him that he hadn't known was there-jealousy. Fear.

Fear that she really was only with him because of the money. Fear that she'd slept with Vane, learned the truth, and come to him to try again. Fear that she didn't really love him. And fear that he'd lost control of his life because of her. He had never been afraid of anything in his life. Now, thanks to Abbey, his fears were going to suffocate him.

Abbey had identified those fears. It had probably scared the hell out of her, because she knew his fears would continue to hound him until they eventually destroyed any feelings he had for her. Maybe not soon, but one day.

But that was the problem. Had she been telling the truth? Had she not slept with Vane? Did she not want him, Nick, for his money? Evidence pointed in that direction-the tears, the pain he could see in her eyes. Every part of him ached at seeing that pain, and it was all he could do not to go back to the hotel and hold her and tell her he loved her, that he believed her.

But Nick wanted more than intangible evidence, he wanted proof. Solid, rock hard facts. Facts were the only way he could regain control of his life and the fears that were crushing him. Having proof was the only way he could ever know for sure and be with Abbey without regrets and second guesses.

He needed to call Vane. Problem was it was way too early and his home number was at the office.

Later then. Later.

Nick checked his watch. Only a few more hours till he saw her again. He closed his eyes and pictured her face, hot and wet with tears. That was the image he'd hold for the next few hours. It hurt him so much to re-live, but God knew he deserved the pain.

CHAPTER 13

"We want a twenty percent discount."

"Twenty percent?" Nick shook his head. Abbey was really pushing it. Regretting how he treated her a month ago was one thing, but this was business. Twenty percent was way too much.

"It's reasonable considering we're the first client for this product. We are the first client aren't we?" Abbey's bright blue eyes flashed at him, her jaw firm and uncompromising. There was no hint of last night's tears. She was good at this. Damn good. If he didn't love her he'd employ her.

"How did you know?"

She shrugged. "I did some checking. And Donaldson tells me it's standard practice to give the guinea pigs a discount. We'll act as a reference site of course."

He sighed and nodded. "Of course." He leaned forward and extended his hand. "You have a deal."

She took it and Nick could feel the buzz of energy that comes with closing a successful deal coursing through her skin. He held her hand for much longer than was respectable but he didn't care. Let Willis and Donaldson know he had feelings for her. Let Abbey know.

But she removed her hand and let it fall limply to her side.

"Have the contract drawn up and send it down to us."

"You're leaving?"

She nodded and checked her watch. "We have a six o'clock flight."

That was only two hours away. Think Delaware, think. "If you wait I'll have the contract drawn up tonight. You can take it with you first thing in the morning."

She hesitated and he took the opportunity to dismiss Donaldson and Willis. When they left, he caught her hand. "Please, Abbey. I need to talk to you. Stay one more night." He took her face in his hands but she stepped away, avoiding his gaze.

Eventually she nodded and Nick felt like a weight had lifted from his shoulders. He tried to smile, but Abbey's stoic expression wasn't giving him any reason to be happy.

"You okay?" he asked.

"Fine. We'll talk. That's all."

He nodded.

The door opened and Beverly popped her head round. "Damien Vane returning your call, sir."

Nick glanced at Abbey. Her mouth dropped open and her cheeks flushed pink as she stared up at him.

"I'll be right there," he muttered to Beverly as she shut the door behind her. "Abbey, I have to ask him something-"

"I hope you get the answer you want to hear." Her voice sounded hard, cold. She picked up her laptop case and stormed out the door. Nick followed and indicated to Beverly he'd take the call in his office.

That morning when he'd arrived at the office, he'd called Vane's home number. A woman who didn't sound like Vane's wife said he'd already left for the office, so Nick had tried him there, only to be told he was in a meeting. He knew he ran the risk of Vane calling back and Beverly retrieving him from the meeting with Abbey, but it was a risk he had to take. So what if Abbey knew he was calling Vane? At least she'd know he was trying to clear everything up so that they could be together without any issues hanging over their heads.

"So what does my ex boss want?" asked Vane casually.

"There's something I need to know about the night you spent in Melbourne a month ago."

"Ah, you want to know about that hot little woman in the blue dress." There was a sneer to his tone that Nick didn't like.

He clenched his teeth together and held back a retort. "Yes. I want to know if you slept with her."

Vane chuckled. "Got you by the balls has she, Delaware? Doesn't surprise me. She looks like the type that would cling. Me, I like the ones who just want a night of pure ecstasy. It makes life easier when they don't want commitment."

"Just answer my question."

"Seeing as I'm such a nice guy and I think you two will make a cute couple, I'll tell you the truth, even though it'll damage my reputation. No, I didn't sleep with her. She left as soon as she got in my room. Seems she was just trying to make you jealous. Sounds like it worked if you're still thinking about her after all this time."

Nick hung up on a laughing Vane. He leaned back in his chair and pressed a hand to his heart. She'd been telling the truth all along. And he'd practically called her a liar, and a whore. He leaned forward and placed his elbows on his desk, then ran both hands through his hair. He sat like that, with his head down, for a very long time, thinking about what a fool he was. What a damned, stupid, stubborn idiot.

How the hell was he going to make this up to her? How could he explain he was just too scared to accept the truth without proof?

At least now he could go to her, tell her he knew she was telling the truth all along and hope that they could pick up where they left off. At least he knew for sure that Abbey really did love him and not his money. She had all along.

With a sigh and an apology already prepared, he stood, then changed his mind and buzzed Beverly.

"Send in Ms. McPherson please. There's some last minute details to go through for the contract."

A moment later and Abbey was standing inside his office. She closed the door and turned slowly to him. The expression on her face was distant, empty. It was as if she wasn't really there.

Damn, he'd really hurt her this time. He walked over to her and took her hands in his. He gripped them tightly to his chest then leaned forward and kissed her. She didn't respond.

"Abbey, I'm sorry. I'm really sorry I didn't believe you. But I do now, and it doesn't matter. Everything's fine, Abbey, everything's going to be fine."

He pulled her into him and wrapped his arms around her. She didn't move. Her arms remained by her side and her body stiffened. Nick fought down the rising panic.

"Abbey? Talk to me. I spoke to Vane, he confirmed your story, and now I just want to be with you. I know you're upset that I didn't believe you at first, but you understand that I had to know for sure. Don't you?"

"You didn't trust me," she murmured.

"Sweetheart, I do now. I'm sorry I didn't believe you. I understand why you're angry but all I can say is I'm sorry. I needed proof."

"You didn't trust me," she said again.

"Honey, let's talk about this later."

She said nothing. Nick took that as a good sign. Maybe she just needed time to let everything sink in, to understand it from his point of view. Surely she'd do the same thing if she was in his shoes.

Or maybe she was feeling a little overwhelmed with everything. After all, there were still issues to work out, like where they were going to live.

"How about you go back to the hotel and I'll get the ball rolling on this contract. I'll come past and pick you up and take you to my place." He took her hand. "I hope you like it. It'll be yours soon. If we decide to live in Sydney, that is. But you don't have to make that decision yet."

He kissed the top of her head and held open the door for her. She seemed a little mechanical as she left but that was probably because she felt overwhelmed. She'd be fine once she'd thought everything through.

***

Beverly handed Abbey a drink of water. "You look pale," she said, "are you sure you're feeling okay?"

Abbey tried to smile but it was difficult with numb lips, numb body and numb brain. The only thing she could think about clearly was getting away. Going home where she could cry herself to sleep in her own bed.

"Um, I'd like to change my flight back to tonight. Can you get me on the next plane to Melbourne?"

Beverly smiled. "Of course." She made a phone call then hung up. "There's a flight in an hour. But it's not the same as Mr. Donaldson's. He's already gone."

Abbey glanced in the direction of Nick's office but he didn't emerge.

Downstairs, she caught a taxi back to the hotel, collected her things and checked out. Slowly the numbness wore off and was replaced with anger.

Nick had to have proof. Proof! Proof that she wasn't a liar, proof that she wasn't a hooker! For crying out loud, what sort of man can't tell that about the woman he loves?

Unless he doesn't love her.

Abbey choked back tears as she sat in the back seat of the taxi heading to the airport. She'd made love to Nick numerous times, she'd poured out her heart to him and given everything of herself, and he didn't trust her. He couldn't even tell if she was after him for his money or not. What did it take for him to know she loved him for who he was?

Two tears spilled from her eyes and dripped down her cheeks. Damn it, she loved him but he was too blind to see it. Too blind, or not in love with her.

If he loved her he would believe her, he would know that what she felt for him was the once in a lifetime kind of love.

***

Nick signed the contract and handed it back to his lawyer.

"Take your time. She'll take it with her tomorrow when she leaves." If she leaves tomorrow. Maybe he could get her to stay the rest of the week.

The lawyer left and Nick stood. Five-thirty. He'd head out to Abbey's hotel and pick her up. He considered going out for dinner but decided to order in. That way he could have her all to himself for the entire night.

Beverly was switching off her computer when he passed her desk. "I might be late tomorrow," he said. "I thought I'd show Ms. McPherson the sights of Sydney in the morning while we're waiting for the contract. Give me a call when you get it and we'll head back in."

"I thought she told you," said Beverly, frowning. "She's changed her mind and is catching a flight tonight."

Her words sent a stab through Nick's heart and he stopped cold. "Tonight? What time?"

She checked her watch. "It leaves in a little over half an hour."

Nick couldn't think but he could move. He sprinted to the elevator, cursed it when it didn't arrive immediately, then banged the button for the underground car park when he got in.

Minutes later he was speeding through the streets of Sydney and heading to the airport. He ran several amber lights, prayed he wouldn't get pulled over by the cops, and pressed his foot to the floor.

By the time he got onto the freeway, his mind had begun to work again. He didn't like what it told him. Why in the hell was Abbey leaving? He didn't understand. Okay, so he hadn't believed her when she said she hadn't slept with Vane, but he did now, that's all that mattered. And he'd never make the same mistake twice. Ever.

He arrived at the airport, parked illegally, and raced inside the terminal, his heart thumping so hard he could hear it between his ears.

He glanced up at the departures screen. Her flight had been delayed and was scheduled to board in ten minutes. He let out a long, ragged breath but he didn't slow his pace. He ran to gate two and scanned the faces. Abbey was sitting in a corner, her head bowed.

He joined her and crouched in front of her. She glanced up. Her cheeks were damp with tears and her eyes red and raw.

"Abbey," he whispered, rubbing away the tears with his thumbs. "Abbey, don't go. Please."

She stood and pushed past him, heading for the toilets. He followed, took her arm and directed her into an alcove away from prying eyes.

"Abbey, speak to me. Please, I, I don't understand..."

He scanned her face but she shook her head and looked down at her feet.

"Please, don't go. Give me a chance, Abbey. Whatever the problem is we can work it out."

He reached for her and gathered her into his arms. For one happy moment he thought she was going to stay like that, but she pulled away, shaking her head.

"Nick, I can't handle this anymore. The parting is just too hard."

"Then don't leave! Abbey stay with me, please." He watched her closely for a reaction but she didn't move. "I need you," he whispered.

He tried to take her again but she shook her head and he let his hands drop to his sides. It ached not to touch her, to comfort her.

"You don't get it, do you, Nick?"

He shook his head. "No. I admit I don't. I thought it was all cleared up."

"For you it is. All you cared about was whether I slept with Vane. You didn't believe me when I said I didn't."

Nick blinked down at her. Having his suspicions confirmed didn't make him feel any better. He swallowed and tried to ignore the rising panic welling inside him. "I wanted to believe you, Abbey. Really I did. But I was...scared." He moved to touch her again but changed his mind and ran both hands through his hair. Suddenly the fear came flooding back. Not fear of losing control over his life, but fear of losing Abbey. It was overwhelming, crushing. He realized being in control meant nothing if he couldn't have her with him. Always.

The announcement for boarding was made and Abbey moved away. He reached for her.

"No. You can't go." He fought the urge to hold her to him, to trap her against his body so she couldn't leave. But he didn't. He couldn't. He wanted her to stay of her own accord.

But he was getting desperate. He'd beg her to stay if he thought it would make a difference.

"Abbey," he whispered, staring down at her. "I'm sorry if I made you feel like a..."

"A hooker."

Nick shuffled his feet. "A gold digger. My heart knew you weren't, my heart never thought you lied, but after all the lies that passed between us at the beginning, my head just took over. That's the way I am, Abbey. My head has always ruled Nick Delaware. Until now, I thought my heart was just another organ. But you stole it. You ripped it out of me and now it hurts like hell because you won't give it back. I'm sorry I didn't trust you. I'm sorry I didn't follow my heart from the beginning."

He swallowed and put a hand to his thudding heart to try to still it. He placed his other hand against the wall next to Abbey. She looked down at her shoes so he couldn't see her face but he could tell by the way her shoulders shook that she was crying.

She made no movement toward him.

"Abbey, please, you're scaring me."

***

Abbey cried silently, trying to clear her thoughts. Nick's presence was so strong and masculine beside her that she had to hold herself back from throwing her arms around him. She could hear his breathing, heavy and ragged. She could feel his eyes on her. Boring into her.

"Abbey," he prompted. "Sweetheart, did you hear me? Please, what do I have do to make you understand? I'm an idiot. I know I don't deserve you, but I can't give you up. It's killing me knowing you're going to get on that plane and never come back."

He paused, shifted from foot to foot, then gingerly touched her sleeve. His breathing changed from ragged to rasping. But she still couldn't look up at him. The sight of him would just make the ache so much worse. Make it more difficult to leave.

"Abbey, I love you so much, I can't...I can't cope if you go." He took a step forward, caught her shoulders and drew her against him. His arms were like a strong cage, holding her tightly to his chest. The final call for boarding was announced but Abbey barely heard it.

He loved her. He loved her.

Nick's chest heaved against hers and he buried his face in her hair at her shoulder.

"Please tell me you won't leave," he whispered. "I don't care if you don't love me, just don't leave me. I can't lose you. I can't..."

Nick shuddered. In an instinctive movement, Abbey lifted her arms from her sides to his waist, stretching them around him. "I love you, Nick," she said, squeezing her eyes shut against the onset of fresh tears. "You're a stupid, frustrating control freak. But I love you anyway."

Nick's grip tightened momentarily as he let out a long, shredded breath, then he kissed her. His lips were soft yet his kiss was urgent and filled with need. He pulled away and held her face in his hands. His moist eyes searched hers.

"I'll never doubt you again," he said. "Never. I've learned my lesson. I won't do anything to risk losing you."

"No more lies between us, okay? Only the truth."

He nodded quickly. "Agreed. So you're staying?" he croaked.

"Yes," she said, trying to stop herself from grinning stupidly.

His mouth twitched, then he frowned. His eyes suddenly grew serious. "Forever?"

She nodded again and leaned into him, kissing him hard on the lips. "Yes. Is your house large?"

Nick looked quizzically down at her as he put an arm possessively around her waist and squeezed. "Quite big, why?"

"A house needs to be christened. A different room each night. That should keep us occupied for a while."

He shook his head, but he was grinning. "I plan on christening every room tonight."

Abbey glanced up at him, grinning like a school girl. "Just how many rooms are there?"

"Lots."

THE END

