Chapter 1

"No, Jacob, you can't eat Sam's fruit. It doesn't count even if you are twins." Glancing at her watch, Siri Michaels realized they were again running behind on their morning schedule. As she put the milk back in the refrigerator, she caught a suspicious movement out of the corner of her eye. "Sam, you can't hide your fruit in your pockets. You did that last week and forgot about them. I found them when I was doing the laundry and it was disgusting."

She almost rolled her eyes when her twin three year old boys laughed delightedly at rotting fruit in their jeans pockets. Were all boys fascinated by anything disgusting? Or were hers just abnormally enthralled?

"Come on guys. We need to hurry up. Just finish your milk and gobble up those apples." She shoved the files she'd been working on the previous night into her computer bag and looked around, stepping over Legos and narrowly missing a toy fire truck. Thankfully, she was still in her slippers because if she'd changed into her heels for the work day, she'd have been a gonner. In the midst of making a path, she remembered one very important question. "Sam, did you put on underwear today?" Why she even had to ask was beyond her but the tike liked going as free as a bird.

She wasn't looking at him but since there was no response, she glanced back and found two dark, curly heads bent close. As much as she loved these little guys, that pose was never good. And she'd learned the hard way that silence was bad. Generally, very bad.

"Sam," she called out from three feet away and waited until she had his full attention. When he looked up, the guilt in his eyes told her she'd caught them doing something wrong, but the trick was figuring out what that "something" might be. Had it already occurred? Or was their mischief imminent? She had to maintain a straight face under these circumstances, otherwise, they would consider her humor as encouragement in whatever they had planned. "Sam, do you have underwear on?" she asked again.

She couldn't help it when the chuckle escaped as he looked down and pulled his pants away to check. How could he not know? It seemed to her like underwear was an essential piece of clothing and the absence of that piece would be bothersome and uncomfortable.

Siri knew the answer to her question when he looked up with that devilish grin. "Go put some on," she commanded.

The little guy scrambled off his chair before racing full speed to the bedroom and Siri was grateful that he was still at an age when he would obey her.

She couldn't take a break to ponder the future at this point in the morning. With Sam out of the picture, that left Jacob alone. Together, the twins were as thick as thieves. Separate them though, and she could usually get one to confess. "What are you guys planning?" she asked, bending down so she was at eye level with Jacob. They were fraternal twins, but they looked so similar it was extremely difficult for strangers to tell them apart. Siri could because she knew them and loved every tiny freckle on their faces.

"We're not planning anything," Jacob whispered, and he placed a chubby hand on both sides of her face. "I promise, momma. We're innocent."

Siri knew she was in trouble then. "Jacob, if you let me in on the secret, maybe we can have ice cream for dessert tonight."

Jacob's eyes widened and he smiled excitedly, showing his tiny white toddler teeth with gaps in between because not all of his teeth were in. "Momma, Sam has a surprise for you."

Siri's stomach churned with those words. The last time Sam brought her a surprise, he was covered in mud and had two little kittens under each arm. He'd "rescued" the kittens from someone else's backyard. How he'd done that, she had no idea since her back yard was fenced in with a gate that only an adult could handle and there weren't any kittens, much less mud, in her backyard. It had taken a week and several lost kitten posters posted around the neighborhood before the original owners had been found and kittens returned. "Jacob, you know I love surprises," she lied and felt no remorse, "but I also know that sometimes Sam's surprises can be a bit scary. Can you give me a hint?"

Jacob was torn because he didn't want his mother to be scared, but he couldn't reveal the amazing surprise. "This won't scare you. I promise. It's a good surprise."

Sam was coming back down the hallway by that point so there wasn't anything else Siri could say to convince him at the moment. But she'd have to work on him a bit later, her stomach churning at the idea of whatever these two extremely intelligent children had devised. "Okay, don't tell him I know there's going to be a surprise, okay?" It would make it easier to work on Jacob if Sam didn't reinforce the "surprise" aspect of the treat they were creating for her. At least she hoped it was for her. The idea of her boys devising something for someone else, where she wasn't able to run interference, wasn't a scenario she relished.

Jacob nodded happily, then jumped down off his chair himself and caught up with his brother. She cringed when she saw their heads immediately bend towards each other.

"Get your shoes and coats on," she called out and looked at the news on her computer screen, surveying the headlines on the Chicago Tribune website. Elections coming, check. Jobs report getting better, check. Weather, rainy. Not check, not good." Put on your rain coats," she called out again. Oil prices down, for how long?

She started to put her computer to sleep, but something caught her eye. Oil prices down because....No! That simply wasn't possible!

In her panic, she couldn't even ensure that the boys were following her instructions. Her eyes skimmed the text, then re-read the first paragraph over again since her panic was diminishing her ability to absorb what the words were explaining. He's divorcing?

She sat down heavily in the kitchen chair and clicked on the screen to get the full article. As she read through the words, only the message that Sheik Malik bin Saqqaf was in the midst of a divorce and pressure was mounting for him to re-marry quickly in order to produce an heir, something that hadn't happened in his first marriage and his advisors were becoming worried about an end to the dynasty. A dynasty that had been extremely good for Duban.

Why was a divorce necessary? Why wasn't he just marrying another woman, she wondered? Couldn't he have several wives? The idea actually made her stomach ache so she slapped the computer shut and turned around, only to find several sets of eyes staring at her.

Sam and Jacob were in their rain coats and shoes, although Sam had his shoes on the wrong feet. To the left of Sam were their two dogs, "Rover" and "Boy", neither canine having a very celebrated parentage and to the right of Jacob was "Kitty", a white, short haired feline that loved shedding on Siri's black slacks. All three animals had not been her choice but had shown up at various stages in her sons' short lives and become part of the family. Sam was the animal lover and any creature that crossed his path needed to be adopted and "loved" by her adorable little son. He brought home animals even when they had owners, and she had to return them, sometimes with a very sad boy on her hands because, in his mind, no one could take care of animals and give them enough love like he could.

"What's wrong, momma?" Sam asked, his hand holding Rover's scraggly fur nervously. Jacob, sensing the same tension, leaned into Sam and both boys somehow figured out how to have as much of their bodies touching each other without lying on top of the other.

They didn't need to be concerned with her trauma, she told herself. All they needed in their lives right now was a secure home with lots of hugs, kisses, understanding and parameters. "Nothing is wrong, little guys," she said and pasted a bright smile on her face. "I just remembered that I needed to stop and get gas but I can do that after I drop you two off at school. I know you have your big day today, don't you?"

The boys relaxed slightly, but they kept close, not sure if they believed their mother or not. "Let's go," she said and herded the boys out to the car, kept the animals in the house with one foot while she closed and locked the door, all the while balancing their school bags on one shoulder, her computer bag in the other, her keys in her right hand and her coffee in the left. She refused to let her mind think about that man and his divorce as well as all the painful memories that were long gone and should never to be thought of again.

As she drove them the short distance to their preschool, she did her best to appear upbeat and unconcerned until she kissed each of them on their chubby cheeks moments before they each ran off to play with their friends. She watched them carefully for a few moments, noting that each other was their real best friend. The others in the play group were interesting, but Sam and Jacob were two halves of a whole.

When they were in elementary school, she'd have to separate them, encourage them to open up to others and diversify their lives, but for now, they were doing well. They were so smart it scared her sometimes. Would she be able to give them everything they needed as they grew up? Was she a good mother? Was she doing everything right?

She sighed as she exited the school, her mid whirling with questions and insecurities. How nice it would be if she could talk to someone, bounce her ideas off of them and have someone take a bit of the worry away. But she didn't have that. She was a single mother of twin boys who were always running around, always chasing something, curious about anything that moved, and if it didn't move, they wanted to know why. If she wasn't working to support them, she was searching the internet to keep up with their questions. But no matter how exhausting it was, she loved them and knew she'd never give them up for anything or anyone.

Even a man who needed an heir, she thought angrily.

He'd walked out, he'd rejected her letter, he'd never called or checked in on her. He could just go on about his merry old way and raise oil prices or let them fall, whatever made his day. He'd never find out about her sons! She'd tried to let him know about their existence but he'd rejected that letter, hadn't even opened the letter since it was "returned to sender".

At the warehouse, she went to her office, smiling at the employees who were already on duty, chatting with several of them about deliveries and inventories, before moving on to her office. Once there, she closed her door, something she rarely did, and sat down in her chair to try and figure out what to do. She had to think through this latest news carefully, put it into perspective and then move on with her life. Malik's marriage or dissolution of his marriage had no bearing on her life. She was independent, she'd worked hard to build up her toy business and she had two wonderful boys that depended on her.

The days were always chaotic and she worked hard, proud of the company she'd built up four years ago. She'd built up this toy company from nothing, just an idea to distribute educational toys for kids, working hard over the years to ensure its success. There were several people who hadn't liked working for someone younger, but she'd quickly changed their minds as she'd grown the company, expanding and giving all of them more opportunities.

The idea for her company had come to her almost immediately after she'd discovered she was pregnant. She and her mother had been searching for toys that would be appropriate for what she'd thought would be her only child. What they'd been able to find had been some great toys, some bad ones and some mediocre, but nothing all in one spot. After a great deal of trial and error, she'd created a web site that consolidated all of the toys she thought were educational and beneficial to kids at various stages of their lives. The web site had taken off and she'd quickly expanded from her parents' dining room to a small store, and then to this warehouse that could hold a larger inventory so she could get the toys out to her customers more quickly as well as several other retail stores.

At lunch, her assistant placed a sandwich beside her elbow and Siri smiled her thanks. "Would you close the door again, Jane?" she asked as the woman was walking out. Jane was startled at the unprecedented request but complied and, as soon as she was alone, Siri put her head in her hands, closing her eyes and trying to push the memories at bay.

She didn't want to think about him but that article this morning had really gotten to her. She looked out her window at the drizzle that continued to fall, her mind traveling back to those halcyon days when everything was rosy and beautiful. And she hadn't known the pain of a man's betrayal.

Chapter 2

Four Years Ago

Siri glanced once more at her date for the night, wondering what in the world she possibly could have seen in him. She was in her second year of university and he was in his last so when he'd asked if she could accompany him on a dinner with his new boss, she'd eagerly accepted, thinking it would be nice to spend some time with people who might be intellectually stimulating.

Not to mention Gary was a very handsome man. She wouldn't mind getting to know him better, and maybe something could grow. They'd spent some time together at coffee shops and study groups although she'd been too intimidated by everyone else to speak up much.

As she listened to him now, she couldn't believe how stupid he was. If he mis-quoted one more philosopher, she might have to say something. Looking at their dinner companions, Gary's new boss and his extremely patient wife, she wasn't sure if they were just bored out of their minds by Gary's monologue on why he'd adopted various aspects of some philosophers' doctrines, discarding other parts as "superfluous" or "redundant". Or if they were thinking of something else just to keep their minds off of what Gary was saying.

When he once again ascribed Aristotle to the introduction of Forms to philosophy instead of Plato, Siri looked away, unwilling to see if their dinner companions, and Gary's future employer, agreed or were showing contempt at the man's blatant abuse of the great philosophers.

As she glanced to her right, her eyes collided with a pair of dark, amused ones. The man was exceptionally handsome with dark, wavy hair and a strong jaw, and a half smiling mouth that showed he too had overheard Gary's comments. This man, whoever he was, understood the differences between Plato and Aristotle and wasn't impressed with Siri's dinner companion.

Siri glanced away, feeling somewhat odd with that man's gaze. She placed a hand over her fluttery stomach and picked up her ice water, taking a long draw to cool herself down.

Trying hard to focus on the conversation, hoping she might be able to liven it up a bit, she waited for a break in Gary's diatribe about Durkheim. How had they gone from philosophy to sociology? She really must have missed a great deal of the conversation.

Their food arrived and she picked up her fork, hoping Gary would also take the hint and start eating. His boss appeared to be moving out of the bored range and into the irritated.

"Gary, that looks delicious. What did you order?" she asked, only to be polite.

It didn't work and Gary shifted back to philosophy after declaring emphatically that agnostics, like he claimed to be, shouldn't limit their world after rejecting the existence of a divine being.

Siri actually choked on her water with that one and her eyes went once more to the man at the next table. Sure enough, he was looking right back at her with an eyebrow raised in question. She tried very hard to smother the amusement at Gary's confusion with agnostics versus atheists, but she kept quiet and just prayed to the divine being that she sincerely believed in, that this dinner would end quickly and their dinner companions were unaware of Gary's gaffes.

When the meal was finally over, Gary's exuberance over his performance was astounding. The four of them were walking out of the restaurant and Siri pulled her wrap closer around her. It wasn't that it was chilly so much as she didn't want Gary to touch her bare skin. She was so repulsed by his ignorance that she couldn't deal with any kind of affection from him.

She turned to the side and once again, she found herself caught up in the stranger's gaze. He was surrounded by his dinner companions, but he wasn't paying any attention to them, just as she was in an island that seemed to contain only herself and the man standing ten feet away. He was much taller than she'd originally have guessed and in the brighter light of the valet area, she could see that his eyes were genuinely a light grey and weren't a factor from the dim lighting of the restaurant. He was handsome, in an off-hand kind of way. It wasn't so much his looks though, but something that was alluring about his appearance, something that drew one's eyes towards him.

He wouldn't release her eyes and she felt captured, unable to look away, unable to hear anything that was going on around her and she wasn't sure if she was standing or sitting, just too transfixed to do anything other than stand there until he released her.

Fortunately, she didn't really mind the hold he had over her. This stranger's gaze was much more enjoyable than anything that was going on around her.

Until Gary realized that she wasn't paying attention to him. He grabbed her arm and nudged her. "Are you okay?" he asked in an almost angry tone.

Siri blinked and that seemed to break the magic. She looked away, noticed where she was, that three pairs of eyes were waiting on her expectantly. "I'm sorry, I dazed out for a moment. Did someone ask me a question?"

Gary puffed up like some angry cave man. "I asked if you knew that man over there."

Siri glanced back, but the tall man was getting into a large, black sport utility vehicle, disappearing from her sight.

"No. I've never met him before," she replied honestly. "He was sitting at the table next to ours during dinner."

"Then why were you staring at him like that?" he demanded.

Siri glanced away, feeling slightly guilty. "I apologize. He was just...." She shook her head, unable to explain what had gone on between herself and the stranger. She couldn't explain it in her mind, so putting words to her feelings and reactions wasn't really possible.

Gary cursed under his breath and turned back to his future boss. "I'm sorry, Mr. Meyers. Siri isn't usually this rude. I suppose I simply made the wrong choice in companions for the evening."

Siri looked at the man who had been boring her all evening, her mouth falling open in astonishment. "Excuse me?"

"You heard me," Gary replied, shaking his head in disdain. "You're rude and inconsiderate and I don't think we're going to work out well together."

Siri laughed and took a step back. Turning to the other couple, she smiled brightly. "Mr. Meyers, Ms. Meyers, I appreciate the dinner tonight. The food was exceptionally good. Unfortunately, the man you are considering hiring doesn't know the difference between Plato, who's primary doctrine was about Forms and their abstract meaning, to put a great mind in a nutshell," she said turning to glare at Gary, "and Aristotle, who was a student of Plato. And how on earth you thought Durkheim was a companion of Socrates is beyond me, since the man was born in France several centuries after Socrates died, over thirteen hundred miles from Athens, Greece. Not only that, Durkheim studied sociology." She was just about to turn away when she thought of one other subject. "Oh, and one other stupid comment? Atheists don't believe in a divine being. Agnostics accept the existence of a divine being is unknown. A subtle difference, but one your mind is too small to understand."

She turned to the other couple, surprised to see their amusement at her comments. "Well said," Mr. Meyers replied, the first time he revealed that he was fully aware of all the unintelligent comments Gary had mouthed during the dinner. "Please give me a call when you're ready for a job. I'd like to talk to you about possibilities," he said, handing her his business card. Looking back at Gary, "I don't think that position we discussed is going to work out after all. And please don't blame this young lady. I was going to tell you this in the morning, but since you pushed the envelope by speaking to her so poorly a few moments ago, I decided it was pointless to pull my punches since you set the tone."

Ms. Meyers was already nodding and tucking her hand into her husband's elbow. "Would you like a ride back to your apartment, Siri? I'm not sure I'm comfortable with you going back with this young man."

Siri glanced up at Gary and stepped back. "Thank you. That's very considerate of you." She thought about catching a cab back to her place, but Gary was red enough in the face to be a problem so it was probably better to get out of the area. Besides, she didn't really have the funds for a cab ride. The dress had cost her a great deal, not to mention the shoes that were biting into the tender flesh of her feet.

The valet arrived at that moment, handing keys to both Gary and Mr. Meyers. Siri followed the couple, slipping into their back seat and refusing to glance at Gary the whole time. She was relieved when the older couple pulled away from the curb, both of them chatting away at some of Gary's more idiotic comments during the meal.

The next day, Siri was in her tiny apartment that she shared with another student. Both of them were studying, relaxed on the battered sofa and chair that made up their den area. Both pieces of furniture had seen better days but were covered with blankets or sheets that hid the worst of their wear. Siri had gone to her two classes for the day already and was propped up on the chair with her legs hanging over the side, her brown, slightly curly hair piled on top of her head, held there with a couple of pencils and a pen. She had a highlighter in one hand and was flipping the pages of her Art History book, making notes in the margins with the pen and highlighting anything that might be pertinent in the text.

When the doorbell rang, her roommate, Linda, jumped up and answered the door, dumping her calculus book onto the floor eagerly. "Expecting someone? Maybe an agitated, unemployed idiot perhaps?" she joked, referring to Gary. Siri had told her all about the meal as soon as she'd gotten home last night, both of them laughing at some of Gary's comments.

"Not for me," Siri said, focusing on the history of Renaissance paintings.

In the back of her mind, Siri heard Linda answer the door, but the mumbled greetings didn't break her concentration.

"Uh, Siri?" Linda called out.

"Tell them I'm not here," she called back, knowing that whoever it was could hear her comments but still hoping they would be discouraged.

"Um...I'm not sure this guy is going to take no for an answer."

That got through to Siri and she glanced up from her book. When she saw the tall man in the dark suit standing in her kitchen, the only other area besides the den and the two bedrooms which were on opposite sides of the den, Siri jumped up, dumping her books and notes all over the orange, shag carpet.

"Oh!" she cried out and looked down at the papers, then back up at the gorgeous man who was looking at her with a blank expression on his face. He looked scarier, more intimidating, in the bright afternoon sunshine. And much, much taller!

She pulled the pen out of her hair, wishing she'd pulled on something better than leggings and an old tee shirt which had definitely seen better days and only came down to her waist. "Sorry," she said and grabbed Linda's boyfriend's shirt which was draped over the back of the only other chair in the apartment. "I wasn't expecting anyone today. We were just studying."

"I'm sorry to interrupt," the man replied with a slight accent which Siri couldn't place immediately. "I thought perhaps we might be formally introduced since we had such an amusing evening last night."

Siri had to laugh despite her nervousness at this extremely large man in her apartment. "It wasn't so funny towards the end, but he did serve as a good amusement factor, didn't he?"

Malik took a step forward, his eyes looking over her beautiful skin for signs of abuse. "He didn't hurt you, did he? I know that you confronted him at the end, and I apologize for not being there to stop him if things became physical."

She looked up at him curiously. "It wasn't your responsibility to ensure my safety, but I appreciate the thought. I can take care of myself," she claimed.

Malik stopped his laughter, but only just in time. This woman who barely reached his shoulder thought she could handle an angry man with his pride wounded in front of his future employer? "I'm glad to hear it." He stepped back and smiled. "I would like to take you out to dinner myself, if you have the time."

Siri was startled and not sure how to respond. She looked to Linda who was just as awestruck. Regrouping quickly so she didn't appear so ridiculous, she replied, "I'm flattered, but I really don't think that I'm I your league," she stated softly, wishing that she could be in his league. This man was hunk material, but also terrifying for some reason.

Linda really didn't like Siri's response and stepped forward. "She'd be delighted," she contradicted. "What time and where should she meet you?" she asked, already picking up a pen and notebook and writing something down on it.

Malik glanced at the cute redhead who interceded on his behalf, appreciating her efforts. "Eight o'clock, tomorrow night? I'll pick you up here."

Linda nodded, ignoring Siri's attempt to contradict her. "That sounds perfect, " she said, nodding her head for emphasis. "Here's Siri's cell phone number in case anything comes up. And she'll be ready tomorrow at eight."

The tall, gorgeous man took the paper and bowed slightly, handing the paper to one of the large, bulky men behind him without even glancing at it. "I look forward to our evening. And I will work hard to ensure that I don't mistake my philosophers since you apparently are so well versed in their doctrines."

With that, he stepped out of the apartment and closed the door, leaving behind two stunned women who looked at each other as if they'd just been invited to a royal ball.

"Who was that man?" Linda asked, when she remembered to close her mouth, her whole body showing her excitement for Siri's new man.

Siri shrugged, still staring at the now closed door. "I have no idea. He was at the table next to ours last night and we looked at each other every time Gary said something stupid but I don't know his name. And I couldn't even guess where he's from since I couldn't place his accent."

Linda wasn't excited any longer. She was actually looking a bit worried now. "And you're going out with him? Is that safe?"

Siri turned to glare at her roommate, astonished that she was asking that question now after Linda had just accepted the date despite Siri's rejection. "Not really," she said with emphasis, raising an eyebrow. "But did I have a choice? Not really!"

Linda laughed and flopped back down on the sofa, her worry dissipating just as easily as it had appeared. "Well, it's about time you got out and explored a little. Have a bit of adventure tomorrow night with your mystery guy. He looks yummy, so enjoy it!"

"I might enjoy it more if I knew his name."

At that moment, her cell phone rang and she looked down at the tiny screen. It was an unknown number, but something told her to answer the call anyway. "Hello?" she answered warily.

"I think I forgot to tell you my name," a deep voice said over the phone.

"Yes, we were just mentioning that," she replied, glancing at Linda who was watching her eagerly.

"I'm Malik," he explained. "And I'm very glad to meet you, Siri."

She hesitated to ask, actually afraid of the answer but knowing she had to find out anyway. "How did you find out who I am?"

"I have a few resources."

"And how do you know where I live?"

"Same resources. I promise I'm not a stalker. Just consider me a man interested in getting to know a beautiful woman. I'll see you tomorrow night."

Siri glanced at her phone, then at Linda. "His name is Malik and he has 'resources'," she explained to her curious roommate.

"He has a lot more than resources," Linda replied with a grin before once more diving back into her books.

Siri tried as well to refocus on her art history but after that phone conversation, she had trouble concentrating. Her mind kept drifting back to the moment when Malik had walked into her apartment, how large he was and trying to figure out what kinds of 'resources' he could bring forth that would provide him with a stranger's name and address so quickly.

She considered calling him back and canceling since anyone with resources like that might use them for good or bad. She wasn't someone who could fight anyone that powerful or wealthy. But in the end, she didn't make the call and her worry changed from trying to figure out who he was to what she was going to wear on a date with someone so sophisticated. Besides, she was also curious and rejecting the dinner date wouldn't give her the answers she now craved as to his identity.

The following night, she dressed in a pretty sundress with bright yellow flowers all over the skirt and a yellow cardigan. Spring was on the way and she felt daring, but also wanted to be a little conservative. The man was definitely too confident, she thought and this dress screamed out "interested" but "not jumping into bed with you".

When the doorbell rang, her fingers were shaking and she glanced back to Linda who was sitting o the ratty old sofa with her friends eating a pizza before they all settled down for a long night of studying. At least that's what they said they were doing. Siri suspected that they were all anticipating getting a good look at the guy who was taking Siri out for dinner.

As she opened the door, she glanced at her friends, all of whom were actually leaning forward, pizza forgotten, in order to get a better look at the man who was picking her up. With a bright smile, she opened the door, then stepped out, closing it behind her and surprising Malik who was standing at her doorway. "Don't ask," she said to his questioning look as she dropped her phone and keys into her purse. "It's better just to walk away." She felt mischievous in not allowing her friends to see the man they'd all congregated in her apartment to see.

He chuckled, then took a step back. "I'll take your word on it."

He put a hand to the small of her back and led her down the stairs. Outside, a long limousine was waiting and Siri almost stumbled as they approached. She looked around, hoping no one recognized her. She stepped quickly into the car and hoped the darkness would hide her from the crowds looking on from the other apartments, most of whom were rented by fellow students, and all of whom were curious to see who was being picked up by a man who could afford a limousine.

As soon as the door closed behind him, she turned to face him. "I appreciate the gesture, but the limousine really isn't necessary."

Malik smothered a laugh and refrained from telling her that the limousine was not only necessary, but mandated by his body guards. The car wasn't just bullet proof, it was also bomb proof and loaded with enough power to transfer him out of any danger that might come up.

"It might not be necessary in your mind, but believe me, it's more than necessary in mine."

Siri was charmed by his old fashioned manners and she loved talking with him. She had no idea what she ate that night, or any other night after that since conversing with Malik was better than talking with any of her companions. They debated philosophy, art, history, politics and any number of subjects. They had dinner together the next three nights but he had to go out of town for the weekend so she didn't get to see him for several days. She was painfully disappointed, not just because she loved arguing with him and laughing with him, but also because she was always so excited to see him. And she definitely loved the way he touched her.

At the end of each night, he took her into his arms and kissed her until she was shivering with need. The first night, he kissed her at her door. The second night, he took her into his arms as soon as he picked her up, pressing her back against the wall outside of her apartment and kissing her until someone walked by. He tried to take her into his arms in the back seat of the SUV, but Siri was too shy with the man driving in the front and pulled back. Malik accepted her reticence with an amused expression, but when he dropped her off, he pulled her into his arms as soon as they were back at her apartment door. "Invite me inside, Siri," he said before moving to her neck and nibbling his way down to her collar bone.

Siri sighed and shook her head, enjoying the way his lips tickled and excited at the same time. "Linda is probably inside with her boyfriend. We wouldn't have any privacy," she sighed, then gasped when his hand moved up to cover her breast. Her hand automatically went up to his wrist, trying to stop him, but when his thumb found her already hard nipple, she groaned and pressed his hand closer.

After several more minutes of this torment, he pulled back and looked down at her. "Tomorrow night, we're dining al fresco," he said with a husky tone.

"Sounds lovely," she said, ignoring the fact that he was just assuming she'd agree to dinner with him again. "What time?"

"Early. I'll pick you up at six."

Siri should have said no, that she needed to study, but she didn't care about classes right now. All she wanted was to be with Malik, to laugh and listen to him, and to feel his hands on her body, to thrill at his kisses.

The following night, when he picked her up, she opened the door to her apartment and almost threw herself into his arms, so eager to feel his strong arms around her again. But she was still shy, still not sure she wanted to move this quickly with a man she barely knew so she held back, looking down to hide her excitement. They might have spent hours in each others' company, but she didn't really know him personally. She knew that he liked Italian and Middle Eastern foods, disliked beer and preferred wine, loved to exercise and teased her about her fear of being alone with him. But she didn't know much about him the man, his past and all the little things that she felt were important. With Malik, the important part was just being with him.

"Where is al fresco occurring tonight?" she asked as she turned to lock her door.

Malik was having none of that. When she turned around, she gasped when she found him leaning against her door frame, one arm on either side of her head. "You look lovely," he said a moment before he pulled her roughly into his arms, kissing her deeply and pulling her close. Siri didn't mind, wanting this as well but she'd been too shy. Malik definitely wasn't shy and she loved the way he held her, tormenting her with his body. Her hands ran up his muscular arms, her own hands gripping his wide shoulders as she leaned up on her toes to get closer to him.

"We have to get out of here," he growled.

Siri was actually embarrassed to find that her legs were wrapped around his waist, his hands on her bottom to support her while he pressed her back against the wall. Her breathing was rapid and she was moving against him ever so slightly, but when he started to let her down, she gripped his shoulders. "Don't!" she gasped and pulled him back, uncaring now if anyone saw them. "Don't do that," she replied and shifted slightly, feeling his erection against her and needing more. "Please," she sighed.

"Siri," he said and pressed her back, his hands moving to her thighs. "We have to get out of here. I can't do this here," he said but his head bent down and kissed her again.

"Come on," he said and lowered her gently down to the ground, watching the tension on her face as she lowered her feet back down to the ground. "Let's go." With those words, he grabbed her hands and pulled her towards the stairs, leading her quickly out into the early evening. Without saying a word, he pulled her into the limousine, nodding to the man holding the door. As soon as the door closed, he pulled her into his arms and Siri went willingly, not even aware of the driver this time.

By the time the car stopped, Siri found that she was on his lap, straddling him and his hands were underneath her dress. "We can't do this, Malik," she said, letting her head drop backwards. "This is getting painful."

"I agree," he said and pulled the strap back up on her dress. "Let's go," he said and lifted her up. He easily slid out of the vehicle, then reached back and pulled her out. Siri held onto his hand as he led her into the lobby of an unfamiliar building.

"Where are we?" she asked as he pressed the call button on the elevator.

"At my place."

The doors to the elevator opened up and Siri stepped inside, her heart racing at the implication of his words.

"Why are we here?" she asked, her stomach falling at both the speed at which they were ascending and the idea he'd put into her head.

"I think you know the reason," he replied, his dark eyes watching her carefully. "I want you, but I won't pressure you. This is a decision you have to make on your own. I could walk across this elevator and take the decision out of your mind and we both know I could, but I want you completely. I want you to make the decision to be with me tonight of your own free will and not something you'll regret in the morning."

Siri looked up at him, her worried eyes trying to make sense of what he was saying. Her body was still singing from his touch in the limousine and now he was promising her more, all uninterrupted.

She thought about what he was saying, about the implications and with a smile, she stepped forward, right into his arms.

"You won't regret this," he said as he pulled her up against him, burying his face in her hair.

"I know," she replied, her heart already pounding rapidly and he wasn't even kissing her. She was twenty years old and ready for this step. She wanted very badly to know what it was like, but not badly enough to have sex with anyone other than this man with his strong arms, his intelligence and strength, his wit and the way he touched her.

He lifted her up and carried her through the penthouse. Siri wasn't really aware of the passing rooms but she was very conscious of this man and how small and fragile she felt as he held her.

"I'm going to turn on the lights," he said as he lowered her legs down. "I want to see you," he explained gently.

Siri thought about that and smiled her agreement. She might want the lights off, but then she wouldn't be able to see him and that would be a shame, she thought.

With the soft glow of the bedside table illuminating them, he pulled her back into his arms and kissed her. It was slow and thorough and he didn't stop until the stiffness left her shoulders and she was clinging to him once again.

His fingers were in her hair and she reached up, wanting to touch him as well. As she moved against him, she felt his fingers against her stomach, and then against her skin and she gasped with the intensity of that touch. When his hand cupped her breast she jerked backwards, her eyes surprised. But then she realized that she liked the heat, the spark and she slammed right back against him, her hand reaching for his to put his hand back on her breast, moaning with pleasure as his fingers slid along the skin of her breast, his thumb moving against her nipple and she could barely stand as the heat surged through her.

Clinging to his shoulders, she gasped and moved her own hands up, reveling in the way he felt. It was like hard silk, she thought.

With a flick of his wrist, her bra was released and pulled off, tossed behind him and Malik pulled back to look down at her half naked body. "You're so beautiful," he growled and lifted her up so she was laying on the bed, his arms holding him above her as he tasted what he'd just felt.

The moment Malik's mouth covered her nipple Siri thought she would explode. Her fingers were clenching the fabric of his shirt and she tried to catch her breath, wanting to feel his skin. She tentatively unbuttoned his shirt and let her fingers slide inside, testing to see if he would be angry but his reaction startled her. He came off the bed and tore his shirt off, then came back to her, his hand reaching down and doing exactly as she'd done a moment ago. As his hand held hers, his eyes closed and she could see he was gritting his teeth as he moved her hand along his skin. When he was sure she wouldn't move her hand away, he released it and came back to her breast.

She knew she'd found a sensitive spot when his mouth sucked harder and she ached with the need she didn't fully understand. It was almost painful and she lifted her legs, pressing herself against the erection she could feel on her stomach.

Malik moved to the other breast and Siri wasn't sure she liked this any longer. "Please, no more," she gasped as he teased her nipple, her body aroused to the point where she couldn't take any more. Or at least she thought that was the case.

"Much more," Malik contradicted and moved down to her stomach.

As soon as his mouth was gone from her breast, she missed the intensity and wanted him back, but then he kissed her stomach and she loved that as well, the feeling almost like a tickle, but much more intense.

He slid her skirt off, taking her underwear with him and, for the first time, Siri felt self-conscious as he looked down at her as she was completely naked.

"Don't be shy," he said as his heated gaze took in her long legs and slender waist, her perfectly rounded breasts that were just the right size for his hand. "It excites me to see you like this, so ready for me and open, knowing that you want me almost as much as I want you."

With his words, she relaxed and looked up at him. "Are you going to...."

"Absolutely," he said and efficiently dispensed with his clothes, watching her the whole time. He suppressed a groan when she came up on her elbows, which pushed her breasts out further. They were so perfect, so ripe and sweet, his mouth wanted a longer taste but she wasn't used to that and he knew he had to take things slowly.

His hands slid along her skin, enjoying how soft and silky she was. He also loved the way she writhed against the bed covers, looking like a goddess with the desire for him shining in her beautiful eyes.

He was trying hard, but seeing her like this was making it extremely difficult to hold back. "I want you," he growled as he came back down, feeling her body against his without any hindrance this time.

"I want you to, Malik," she said and moved against him, her legs automatically moving to make room for him and he inhaled sharply as he felt her heat, so close to his erection he had to lift himself off her or he would push into her. She wasn't ready yet, but almost.

His hand reached down, sliding along her thighs and she almost closed her legs, afraid of this next step. But as soon as he felt her resistance, he stopped and lowered his head, kissing her until she relaxed again. When he felt her thighs open for him once more, he continued kissing her, moving from her mouth to her neck, then back to her breasts. When he covered her nipple once again, she gasped and her legs lost all resistance. His hand moved to her inner thigh, then higher and he almost lost control when he felt her heat, the wetness that told him she truly was ready for him.

He moved slowly, sliding his finger inside her and shaking his head to clear his thoughts, control his body when he felt her clench around his finger. He moved his finger in and out of her tight sheath, then pushed in two fingers. Her eyes were closed the whole time and he was free to look down at her, to watch her experience the joys her body could bring her without embarrassing her.

When her hips pressed against his hand, he knew she was finally ready for him. He slid his fingers out and positioned himself above her, pulling her legs around his waist and looking her directly in the eye as he slowly, as gently as he could, moved inside her.

Her mouth opened in surprise as he filled her, feeling his body ache with the need to move faster, to go deeper but holding back so she could adjust to his invasion. "It's okay," he soothed when she started to pull away and it took all of his strength to stop and wait for her to adjust. When he saw her breath in once again, he pressed on, moving out slightly, then back a bit deeper. He continued to do this until he felt her resistance and had to close his eyes.

Gathering her close in his arms, he kissed her gently. "I'm sorry, Siri," he said a moment before he pushed into her. He held her in his arms as she stiffened and heard her gasp of pain against his ear. Malik held absolutely still while she recovered, not moving at all until he felt her relax. That was all the encouragement he needed. Still moving slowly, he slid in and out of her heat, watching her face as she experienced pleasure like this for the first time. He loved the way she moved instinctively against her, feeling her heat, the ecstasy of her body against his, clenching against him and driving him insane with the need to move faster.

"Don't stop," she cried out when she thought he was slowing down. Her eyes closed as she lifted her hips to meet his thrusts and her fingers curled against his arms and shoulders.

"Don't worry," he groaned and couldn't help it when he moved faster, needing her and watching her face to gauge her response. When her head fell back, he knew she was okay and moved slightly faster. She took all of him, her legs lifting to take him deeper inside of her and he struggled to control his climax to ensure that she came first. When he knew that he was about to lose control, he moved his hand down, teasing her and watched in fascination as she splintered almost immediately into her first orgasm.

He could only watch for a moment before her climax brought on his own and he slammed into her as intense waves of desire washed over him.

Siri's arms relaxed and she felt as if her whole body were made of Jell-O. The world could be falling apart outside this room and she wouldn't even care.

"Are you okay?" he asked, lifting himself off of her, but not letting her go. He rolled over onto his back, pulling her close against him. He loved the way she snuggled against him, her leg even coming up to slide against his.

"More than okay," she sighed and her hand moved against his ridged stomach, replete with happiness.

He pulled away to clean up in the bathroom, but he was back in moments and pulling her back against his side. "I'm sorry I've missed this," she said, referring to the fact that this was her first time.

He looked down at her, his anger sharp and intense. "You're mine, Siri! What we shared will be only between us," he commanded.

She was touched by his possessiveness, when in other men it would be irritating. "I know. I was just kidding. I haven't even been tempted by any other man. You know that," she said as her hand soothed against his jaw. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have made a comment like that."

He relaxed and nodded. "You're mine, Siri," he said again.

"Does that mean you're mine?" she asked, pushing her hair out of her eyes and lifting herself higher so she was looking down on him for a change.

"Do you want me?" he teased, his hand sliding up her back, then down again to smooth against her bottom, making her wiggle and blush at the intimate touch.

"I think I do," she said with a grin.

"Are you going to take me?" he asked and re-situated her so that she was laying completely on top of him.

"Aren't I heavy?" she asked, worried that she might be too much for him.

He laughed and shook his head. "You're too light," he countered.

She moved her legs, but his hands stopped her, forcing her legs to straddle him instead. "That's better," he replied, his voice husky.

From that night on, whenever he was in town, she was in his arms, spending the nights with him. He was so busy that there were periods when she only saw him once during the month. Other times he was able to get away twice and they spent long weekends walking along the river, holding hands and dining out. But mostly, they spent their time in bed, finding new ways to love each other.

She never said the words, but Siri was totally, completely, madly in love with this man who continued to surprise her. He was older than her by twelve years but she didn't feel as if he ever spoke down to her. He listened while she spoke, helped her study for her exams, even gave her tips on research papers. And never spoke about his feelings for her. So she kept hers a secret as well, loving the man, but knowing there was a large part of him he kept secret.

For instance, she still had no idea what he did for a living. Every time she met him he was coming or going from one meeting or another. When she asked him about it, he explained that he was negotiating a contract, but never gave her details about what kind of contract, or what company he worked for. He seemed to be meeting with very high level people, but he wasn't a name dropper, so she didn't know who he met with or why.

She knew he was extremely wealthy because his 'apartment' was the penthouse of one of the most expensive buildings in the city. She also knew that he had several body guards and he hadn't arranged for the limousine for her benefit, but because that was simply the way he traveled.

She didn't ask many questions about that either, not sure she wanted the answers.

Six months into the affair, she was coming out of the bathroom, snuggled into his enormous white robe and rubbing her hair with a towel after her shower. She'd woken about a half hour ago after spending the night in Malik's arms. She hadn't gotten much sleep, but she didn't come here for sleep. She came to be with him, to make love with him and enjoy his company.

"What's wrong?" she asked when he walked into the room, wearing only a pair of jeans.

He pulled her into his arms and kissed her. "Good morning," he said, as his hands slipped inside the robe. "You look beautiful, as always."

She laughed up at him and shook her head. "You're not getting out of answering my question. Why did you look so concerned when you first walked in here? Is something wrong?"

He sighed and pulled her over to the bed. "My father just called. I have to get home quickly," he explained, but he didn't seem to be in any kind of hurry. He sat down on the edge of the bed and held the ties of her robe in both hands, pulling gently.

"Shouldn't you be getting dressed?" she asked, her body already reacting to the look in his eyes. He wasn't even glancing at his watch, preferring to watch the white, terry cloth fabric as he pulled the edges slowly apart.

He shook his head slightly, his eyes intent as he looked at her naked body, still pink from the heat of the shower. "I should be right here. Wondering what's underneath this robe," he countered.

She pulled the edges closed, refusing to let him pull the robe off. "You already know what's underneath," she laughed. "You saw enough of me last night. If your father needs you, why aren't you rushing to his side?"

"My father can wait a while. I have a very short memory when it comes to your body. I think I need a refresher."

She chuckled and tried to step back. "You have a photographic memory."

He wouldn't let her move back but instead, yanked her forward, catching her in his arms and tumbling over her onto the bed so he was looking down at her. "I like how you think you can outmaneuver me," he said a moment before he took her ear lobe with his teeth. "It always amuses me."

She laughed and tried to wiggle away. "Well, that's what I'm here for. Just for your entertainment."

He stilled and pulled away, suddenly looking at her seriously. "Don't say that," he said sternly.

"Say what?" She'd never seen him look at her like that, as if he were worried and angry at the same time.

"You're not just my entertainment," he replied, his eyes serious.

She reached up and touched his cheek. "I know. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to belittle what we have together."

He watched her for a moment before turning his face into her hand, kissing her palm. "Don't forget it," he growled before pulling her close, becoming serious for a whole different reason.

That was the last time she saw him in person.

Three days later, Siri was sitting in their tiny apartment when Linda arrived back from the grocery store, her eyes wide with concern. She placed the groceries on the kitchen table and looked over at Siri, one hand hiding something behind her.

"What's up?" Siri asked as Linda walked into the apartment and sat down across from her. "You look worried about something."

"Did you know where Malik is from?"

Siri shrugged and glanced down at her economics book. "He's mentioned traveling to several countries lately, but he told me he's originally from Duban."

Linda cringed and crossed her legs, obviously about to say something horrible and not sure how to convey the message. "Do you know anything else about him?"

Siri closed her economics book and started to become worried. "I know that he hates broccoli and asparagus, loves the opera and ballet and rides horses extremely well. Other than that, most of my knowledge is about the conversations we've had on various subjects." She watched Linda's eyes, concern growing. "Has something happened to him? Is he okay? Please tell me he's not hurt."

"He's not," Linda assured her quickly. "It's nothing like that." She looked out the window briefly before bringing her gaze back to the floor, unable to look Siri in the eyes. "At least, I haven't heard anything like that."

Siri relaxed and leaned back against the worn cushions. "Whew! You were starting to worry me. I couldn't figure out what might be so concerning about Malik. Has something happened in Duban?"

Linda looked at the newspaper, then back up at Siri. "You could say that," she said and handed the paper to Siri with the headlines on the front page, pointing to the lead story so Siri could easily see the issue.

Siri glanced down, not sure what she might read. But the picture was bad enough. On the front page was a picture of the royal family of Duban, with Malik in the middle. If that wasn't bad enough, the woman with the beautiful smile and long, flowing black hair, gazing up at him with adoring eyes, was enough to make Siri feel sick.

"Crown Prince Malik Bin Saqqaf, Sheik of Duban married yesterday in a formal ceremony." The article went on to give the woman's name and describe the ceremony, explain why everyone should care about this marriage, but all Siri could see was Malik's handsome face, looking stern, almost angry, as he stared out from the picture while surrounded by his family and new bride.

"I need to go," Siri said and hurried into her bedroom, slamming the door behind her. She couldn't face Linda after reading the article. She couldn't face anyone. By the time she'd read the last word that described the elaborate ceremony and the exciting engagement, the surprise to the whole world that the crown prince was engaged without anyone in the world knowing, she was numb, unable to process anything else in her own sphere.

She didn't cry. Not for several days. She couldn't cry, couldn't believe that he'd actually done this to her. He'd betrayed her. He'd cheated on her, he'd lied to her and married only days after spending the night with her!

A full week went by and Siri barely came out of her room. She drank coffee and had toast when Linda forced it on her. She went to her classes but didn't hear anything. She walked around campus, but barely knew what was going on.

Living on coffee most of the time, she didn't even care that her grades had fallen or that she had lost so much weight that her clothes could barely stay on her figure. She'd been thin before, but now she could only be described as gaunt. She didn't even realize that her friends were discussing how best to help her, because none of their suggestions even broke through the pain filled haze she was living in.

It took over a month before Siri felt well enough to talk to Linda about Malik and even then, she'd barely gotten out a few words before she broke down in tears. Linda was the epitome of patience, but even she couldn't help her friend through this kind of betrayal. Letters came addressed to her in Malik's handwriting, but Siri returned them all, rejecting any explanation he might have. Nothing he said could justify what he'd done to her.

She wasn't sure how she would have felt if he'd told her about his engagement before she'd become intimate. Would she have understood? Surely she wouldn't have felt so....abused, so completely....she couldn't really put a name to what she was feeling. Her pain seemed to be beyond anything she'd felt before.

Siri had dated men in the past, had even thought she'd cared about them. But never had she considered becoming intimate with any of them, nor had she given her heart and her soul so completely as she'd done with Malik. She'd trusted him with her heart, with the most intimate part of her and he'd stomped on that trust, on her love.

Not that she'd actually told him how she'd felt. And thank goodness for that, she thought one day on the way to one of her classes.

And then the brutal part happened. Two months after that last weekend, Siri found herself in the bathroom throwing up, her whole body wracked with the pain of emptying an already empty stomach. A few hours later, she felt fine and went to class, but when the same thing happened the following day, she had to question what was really happening.

A pregnancy test confirmed her fears. And a month later, a sonogram confirmed twins.

Siri had sent a letter to Malik but wasn't sure how to address the letter. The news that she was pregnant was hard to write, but she was as plain as possible, not elaborating but just stating the news. She gave him the facts, about her due date, the twins, she didn't know the gender but that the babies were healthy so far. She outlined the plan the doctor had given her for the pregnancy, how she would have additional appointments to ensure that the babies were delivered successfully and healthy and anything else she could relate about the pregnancy while leaving out anything personal.

When the letter arrived back, she crushed it in her fist, scared out of her mind at idea of facing parenthood as a single mother. In the back of her mind, she realized that she'd still held out the hope that he would come to her and tell her that the marriage to another woman wasn't real, that he loved her and would push the other woman aside so they could be married themselves and raise their babies together.

The rejection of that letter was yet another slap in the face to her hopes and dreams and Siri hated Malik even more for that.

Going back to her parents after that last semester had been horrible but both her mother and father were delighted that they were going to be grandparents. They helped her finish school and start her business, encouraging her the whole way. When the twins were born, they were right there helping her through every moment and she loved them for all of their support.

She'd gotten through it, Siri thought, looking around at her office, now papered with the pictures Jacob and Sam had made during preschool art classes. She'd started her business out of her parent's house, starting out only as an online distribution website for educational toys. As success came, she expanded to a store in one of the suburbs, and then two, and now she had five stores, plus her online business had more than doubled over the past year with internet sales skyrocketing.

She could work from home when the boys were sick and, since she was the boss, it was easier for her to be at their programs, to celebrate the small and the large events of their lives. As hard as it had been initially, she was finally at a place where she felt secure, and that she had things somewhat under control.

And now life hits her with another whammy!

Why was he divorcing? And did she even care? After that first month, he hadn't tried to get in touch with her. She'd read about two years ago that his father had died and he'd taken full control of the country. It seemed strange that the man she'd laughed with and made love to throughout all hours of the night, who was the secret father of her children was actually ruler of one of the wealthiest countries in the world.

"Joe needs you on the floor," her assistant said, poking her head into Siri's office. "Something about a sale to Hong Kong."

Siri blinked and came back to the present. She didn't have time to deal with this now. Malik was far away dealing with his problems and she had to deal with her own. Wherever he was, whatever he was doing, she couldn't let it interfere with the raising of her boys and, besides lots of hugs and kisses, her business was the core of that care. She couldn't let them down.

Standing up, she took a moment to straighten the files on her desk, then went down to the warehouse floor to figure out what the problem was.

Malik watched as Siri moved about the warehouse. She was grace and elegance and she'd actually become more beautiful over the past four years. He couldn't count the number of hours he'd spent fantasizing about being with her again. The past four years had been the hardest of his life but he was now free to pursue the woman he was meant to be with.

He was fascinated by the way she moved about. She was so efficient and professional. The woman he'd known had been intelligent and witty, but also shy around other people. This woman approached the employees with confidence and a smile. Although he couldn't hear her words, with each person, she treated them with respect and it seemed as if she was encouraging them while speaking with each one.

She was stronger, he thought as she carried a clip board around, checking in with her employees and asking questions, always leaving them with a smile to show that she respected them and appreciated their work and their time. He'd expect nothing less of her, he just wished he'd been around to watch the transformation.

Once again, he cursed the forces that had required his marriage, specifically his father who had destroyed treaties that had ended badly with violence. He understood why his father had done that, and might even agree with him, but he hadn't liked the resolution to the hostilities, which had been his marriage to the daughter of a tribal leader, one that would unite their two families and ensure peace. His marriage had been a necessity, one that he'd carried out as an obligation, but there had been no love between him and his wife. They'd both made a half hearted effort to make the relationship work, but between the politics and the regional fighting, the separations and....well, lots of things, their marriage had been bound to fail from the beginning.

That was fine with him though. He hadn't wanted to marry her, he'd wanted Siri. But Siri hadn't had the right political connections and his ex-wife had been perfect for the job. So they'd both done what they'd been raised to do, and that was to protect their countries and create a bond.

Now that the bond was no longer needed, they had parted ways, leaving him free to pursue this woman who became more interesting the more he watched.

He was standing in the office area high above the warehouse but he could see down from the window that looked into the vast warehouse space. He saw Siri's efficient and bubbly assistant as she tried to catch her boss, but the assistant with her bright, curly hair was on one side of the warehouse, while Siri was on the other.

Although the amusing chase was interesting, he didn't have a great deal of time, nor any patience to wait. He'd waited four years to see his woman and he wasn't going to delay any longer than necessary. He wanted Siri in his arms and in his bed, he wanted to pick up where they left off and find a way to forge a future between the two of them. He'd already cleared the path for their marriage with his advisors. He hadn't asked, he'd told them who he was going after. With his marriage behind him, they all agreed enthusiastically that a new marriage, to a woman Malik cared for, was the answer to ensuring prosperity in the kingdom and longevity of his line.

Malik watched with a chuckle as the assistant's head bobbed in one direction in search of Siri, while their prey moved in the opposite direction. Obviously, this wasn't the most effective way to bring Siri to him, he realized. Malik pulled out his cell phone and dialed the number his assistant had given him. Sure enough, as soon as he heard the answering ring, Siri looked down at her waist where her cell phone was attached. She glanced at the phone number and he could even see her biting her lip in indecision. He almost chuckled when she pressed the "Ignore" button and slammed the phone back into the holder at her waist.

She was cute when she was irritated, but that also gave him an idea of what was coming. Instead of calling her again, which she would probably ignore once again, he texted her a message, then pressed send and waited, watching for her reaction.

Siri looked at her clip board again but the words and numbers didn't register in her mind. That phone number....it couldn't be him. Could it? How could he have the same phone number he'd had four years ago? And why in the world had she remembered that phone number? This definitely wasn't the same phone so she didn't have the number programmed in as she had in the past. When he'd called four years ago, his name had popped up on the small screen and she'd eagerly taken the call, excited to find out when he would be back in Chicago.

Now, however, she wanted nothing to do with the man. Burn me once, shame on you. Burn me twice, shame on me. There was no way she was even talking to the man who left her one day and turned up married to another woman the next day, without a word or explanation.

Okay, so he might have tried to explain in the letters she'd rejected, but at the time, she was too furious with him for any explanations. Then, once she found out she was pregnant and her own letter had come back rejected, she'd been too terrified of what was to come. Explanations weren't worth much at that point, she'd needed help and she'd gotten none, except from her mother and father who had been absolutely wonderful throughout her whole terrifying and difficult pregnancy. He had no idea how hard it is to carry twins, attend classes and start one's business all at the same time! He could rot at the other end of the line for all she cared! The man was as good as dead in her heart.

How dare he even try to call her after all these years, she fumed! His first marriage ended so now he's going to try and pick up where he left off? As if nothing had occurred in between? As if he hadn't completely rejected everything they stood for while they'd been together? What arrogance!

There she went again, thinking that he might have thought their relationship as significant as she had. To him, she'd probably just been an affair, a whim. She'd come to the conclusion that she'd been his "port" lady, the woman he comes to when he's in this particular city but meant nothing to him since he most likely had, and still had, women in several other ports that met his needs there. She had to stop thinking that she'd meant anything at all to him. If she had, he never could have betrayed her like that.

Goodness, why was she even thinking about all this? She had work to do and a phone call from a man who had abandoned her was not going to distract her from her goals for the day. She had shipments to review, both incoming and outgoing. She had payroll to approve, a marketing meeting later this afternoon, financial reports to go over, new products to test and a million other things that were more urgent...she didn't have time to dream about painful methods of retribution to a man she'd never see again since he was a million miles away.

She was walking towards the loading docks when her cell phone vibrated, indicating a text message. She looked at the screen and almost dropped the phone. 'I've missed you' was all the screen said, but the phone number from which the message had come was from that same number, the one she wasn't going to touch!

She deleted the text, ignoring it completely and headed towards the busy loading docks once again, furious that the obnoxious man thought he could just casually pop back into her life.

She was almost to the docks when her phone vibrated again. She almost dropped the clip board in her fury, but was able to control herself. Barely. "Can we meet?" the message said.

Siri wanted to throw her phone across the bustling warehouse. The crash would be very satisfying, but unfortunately, it wasn't Malik's arrogant head so it wouldn't really count. And it would only cost her more money and time to replace her phone and that man had cost her a whole lot of money. Well, to be fair, he'd also gifted her with her two little wonderful boys. She glanced down at her watch and was relieved that she still had some precious time before she had to pick them up. She really just needed to focus and get through her day before it became too late.

The next message came just as she was about to call over her loading manager, a barrel chested man with an old fashioned handlebar mustache in his late fifties who pushed through the merchandise with a tight leash, ensuring that all shipments were accurate and on time. Since hiring him three years ago, her complaints had dropped to almost nothing. The man was a genuine treasure and had relieved a great deal of stress when he'd implemented his shipping procedures soon after his arrival.

"Hi Joe," she called out as she approached, forcing her mind to concentrate on the shipments that were coming in and not on the text messages she'd just received. "How are the latest shipments? Will they be ready in time for...." She started to ask but then shook her head. "Joe, I apologize. I won't even finish that question because I know you have it all under control and any shipments that are scheduled to go out will happen. I'm just losing focus today and it's coming out in odd ways." She almost picked up her cell phone and glared at it just for good measure but knew that the effort would be lost on the inanimate object.

Joe's eyes widened slightly and then he chuckled, his mustache twitching merrily. "Thanks for the unexpected compliment Ms. Siri, but feel free to ask anything you'd like. We have all one hundred and fifty parcels ready to ship in the next hour and Gerry is at the packaging conveyor belt making sure that tomorrow's shipments are ready as well. We have the computer checklist Tory built up last month and it's working real well so we're actually slightly ahead of schedule. By the end of this month, we should be even better and only the last minute, overnight orders will be a daily exception."

The man's voice was gruff from years of yelling at the NASCAR races and probably too many cigarettes and beer, but he was a gem as a manager. "Thanks Joe. Sorry for the questions. Just trying to outrun something." Or someone, she thought with irritation.

She turned on her heel and walked back towards the offices, determined to get payroll finished before she left for the night. Mary, her payroll manager, was already hard at work ensuring that all fifty-nine employees got paid on time and she'd never missed a deadline yet, but she also needed Siri's approval to make those deadlines.

Again, her cell phone vibrated and Siri considered just ignoring the message this time, sure that whatever message just came through, it was definitely from him. She didn't want to know what he had to say. But her eyes glanced down and she gasped when she read the words, "You look beautiful, by the way."

Chapter 3

How could he know what she looked like?

Was he here? How could he know? Was he just saying that to mess with her mind? It wasn't his style, but who knows what he is like now.

"The red sweater looks good," came the next message.

With those words, she knew that he was here. In her warehouse! There was no way he could know what she was wearing from over in Duban or wherever he might be in the world! He could only know she was wearing a red sweater if he was actually looking at her.

She looked around, her heart pounding and her hands starting to sweat. She couldn't believe that he was actually here! Fury pounded through her and she glanced up towards her office window. Sure enough, there he was, standing in the window watching her. How long had he been there? Had he been watching her the whole time. She glanced down at her cell phone, noting the time of the first call. He'd been here for at least fifteen minutes!

Damn that man! There was no way she would allow him to invade her space. This was her personal domain and she wouldn't permit him to come here and fluster her or make her crazy the way he'd been doing for the past few minutes! He'd given up the right to speak to her casually, to give her compliments or anything else four years ago when he'd married another woman only days after spending the night with her!

Dorothy, her assistant, rushed up to her, out of breath and sweating slightly. "I finally found you! There's a guy up in your office. A gorgeous guy! He asked if he could see you and he has the most amazing accent you've ever heard! And he's buff!" she finally finished, her eyes wide with excitement and curiosity. The woman was completely discrete about anything that was happening in the office, but Siri looked at her flushed cheeks and knew she'd never confide her relationship with Malik to anyone here in the warehouse or office.

Knowing that Dorothy expected Siri to drop everything she was doing so she could run up and see the 'buff' guy only irritated Siri more, but she tried to hide it. Dorothy wasn't the target here. It was all on Malik's end that she wanted to shoot darts at.

"Why is he here?" Siri asked, gritting her teeth to keep from snapping off her assistant's head at the idea that Malik was 'gorgeous'. If she only knew what kind of a weasel that man was, Dorothy wouldn't think he was so nice to look at. No amount of muscles could compensate for a poor character and low morals.

Dorothy's curls bounced as she pointed towards the offices above the warehouse. "He said something about wanting to talk with you. He mentioned he was an old friend."

"Old enemy, more like it," Siri mumbled underneath her breath. "Thanks Dorothy. Tell Mary I'll be in to approve the payroll in a moment. I just need to get rid of a bug."

Dorothy stared after her boss, eyes wide at the idea that the man in her office could possibly be the bug upon which her boss might stomp. Surely she'd misunderstood. The charming, marvelous fellow she'd spoken to several minutes ago could never be thought of as an unwanted pest! Either that, or her boss was just teasing. Yes, that must be it, she thought as she watched Siri walked with determination towards the offices.

"If you don't want him, send him my way!" Dorothy called out.

Siri barely hesitated as she heard her assistant's bellow. "Believe me, you don't want this kind of cockroach," Siri called back.

She practically ran up the metal stairs in order to get to her office more quickly. She wanted Malik out of her office, out of her warehouse and out of her life. She hated this man so deeply she couldn't believe that she had it in her.

"Who the hell do you think..." she started to say but he cut her off, simply by taking her into his arms and covering her angry mouth with his. His kiss was hot, sexy and so blatantly erotic there was nothing Siri could do but kiss him back. Her clip board fell to the floor, forgotten as her hands gripped the lapels of his perfectly tailored charcoal suit. His hands, which had been holding both sides of her face, moved down to pull her against him, to show her that he was just as affected by the kiss as she was.

By the time he lifted his head, Siri was clinging to him, her mind a jumble and her voice whimpering with need she'd thought was pushed out of her life at his departure four years ago.

As he looked down at her, his eyes smiling into her stunned ones, he kissed her cheek and her ear, before pulling back once again to look at her. "I've missed you, Siri," he said softly, his hands roaming over her back and sending shivers of anticipation all over her body. No one knew how to touch a woman, how to touch her, like Malik. He knew all of her secrets, all the places on her body that sent excitement and desire zinging through her system and he used all of that knowledge to his benefit now.

Siri pulled back just far enough, then with all of her might, she swung out, smacking him hard on his cheek. Her hand stung from the impact and she could see the red imprint of her hand on his cheek but was unaware of the tears streaming down her cheeks. "Get out!" she growled. "I never want to see you again!"

She tried to take a deep breath to calm down, but her body's betrayal had only made her angrier. "I can't believe you would do something like that after so many years and after what you did!"

He started to say something but she picked up her clipboard and shook her head. "Get out of my office, get out of my warehouse and get out of my life!" She swung around and was just about to leave her office when he grabbed her arm, swinging her around and pushing her against the wall by the door to her office. "I deserved the slap. I know that and I'm sorry for the pain I caused you in the past. But I can explain," he said, his voice rough and yet still soft, gently soothing.

She tried to jerk away, but no matter how soft his voice, his hands were steel around her waist. "Don't touch me!" she snapped and tried to look away when his finger came up and touched her cheek, tenderly wiping away the tears on her flushed cheek.

"I'll leave now, but we're going to talk. After that kiss we just shared, you know there's something still between us and we can make this work. You just have to let it. You're angry now and I deserve it all, and probably a lot more. But we can work through this and make things better."

"You can just..." she started to say something, but shook her head and took a deep breath. "You're not going to get to me," she said with as much dignity as possible under the circumstances. "You left four years ago, you can just leave again."

With that, she turned around and headed down the office hallway, uncaring of where she was going as long as it was the opposite direction from him. She wanted to be as far away from him as she could get, but the warehouse offices weren't very large.

She walked to the kitchen and looked out the front window, seeing the long, elegant limousine parked out front. She swallowed painfully since the car reminded her of the times he'd picked her up in those long ago. Why hadn't she looked into him more carefully? Why had she just let things go, happy to be with him and not asking any questions? She wasn't stupid, she should have asked questions, been curious at least. She'd never asked any questions about his past, about his family. He'd never offered and she hadn't wanted to pry into issues he didn't offer information about.

Looking back, she should have demanded answers to things that didn't make sense. She should have refused to enter into an intimate relationship with a man she didn't fully know. But at the time, she'd been overwhelmed by everything about him and the way he made her feel.

She sank down into the one of the kitchen chairs, lowering her head onto her palm, trying to calm down enough to go back to work. Out of the corner of her eye she saw the limousine pull away and drive out of the parking lot and thought she even saw two dark SUVs in front of and following the long car. Yet another mystery, she thought.

Wiping the tears away, she pushed herself up and forced herself to walk down to Mary's office. "Is payroll ready yet?" she asked, trying for an even tone.

Mary did a double take when she saw Siri's face. "What's wrong?"

Siri shook her head and smiled. "Nothing. I just had a bad memory but it's gone now. Everything is fine."

They went through the payroll issues, but Siri's mind was stuck on Malik and his parting words. What did he mean about not being finished? Did he mean that he wasn't gone?

It didn't matter if he decided that things weren't finished between the two of them. She wasn't some powerless college kid just hanging out waiting for her big shot boyfriend to sweep into town and pick her up. She was a business woman with things to do, children to raise and....

Oh no! What would Malik do if he realized that Jacob and Samuel were his sons? Hadn't the paper mentioned something about him not being able to conceive with his first wife? What would he do if he realized he had a ready made heir already set to be trained?

"I need to go, Mary," Siri said quickly, fighting the panic that was threatening to overwhelm her and left the office. "Wait, did you need me to sign anything?"

"Here," Mary replied, pointing to the end of month payroll statement. She pointed out several items that needed Siri's approval, explained a few other issues and then nodded when all was signed at the bottom, allowing the payroll to be disbursed. Normally they went through the statement more thoroughly, but Siri simply couldn't focus on the numbers today. Not after Malik's visit!

"Thanks Mary. I'm sorry I was so distracted today."

"No problem. We can go over the details tomorrow."

"Thanks," Siri said and rushed out of the building. She was a little earlier than normal to pick up her boys, but not abnormally so. Sometimes she would pick them up and just go to the park. She'd do that today, just to spend some time with them, to make sure they were okay which was completely ridiculous except that she knew of the imminent threat to their compact little world.

The thought of Malik finding out about them was so terrifying, she couldn't even conceive of what would happen. He needed heirs, and apparently, there was a great deal of pressure for him to marry immediately and have sons to carry on his legacy and the prosperity of Malik's reign. But the man didn't know that he already had two perfectly healthy children, who were absolutely wonderful and spirited and intelligent and....

No, she wouldn't allow them to be taken away from her. He'd rejected them four years ago, he could just go have children with someone other female! Let those kids be his heir, away from everything that was normal to them. She didn't want her boys to have that kind of royal pressure and to have their future choices taken away from them at the tender age of three. She wanted them to be raised with hugs and kisses and the fear of asking out a girl for the first time, of football games and soccer and she might even torture them with piano lessons.

She automatically stopped at a red light and rested her head on the hard, unforgiving steering wheel. Was she doing the right thing? If the roles were reversed, how would she feel if he hid her children from him?

It didn't matter if it was a ridiculous argument, she knew exactly how she would feel if her children were hidden from her knowledge. She'd be furious and livid and would feel betrayed.

She couldn't do that to him. Hiding his sons' existence was the wrong thing to do. He'd rejected her letter, but how could he have known what was in the letter? She couldn't use that weak argument any longer, it wasn't fair. Especially after she'd coldly rejected so many of his letters first and without wanting any explanation from him.

The issue was pointless anyway. Whether he had rejected the letter or not, there were certain moral issues that rose above petty rejections or arguments of who rejected whom first. It was his flesh and blood and he deserved to know the truth. She'd had no way of contacting him before, but she couldn't even pull that point off the charts now that he was here, in Chicago and trying to see her.

A horn honked behind her and she jumped, looking around and trying to figure out where she was. The light had turned green and she quickly accelerated through the intersection, making her way carefully to the preschool building without really thinking about the directions. Thankfully, she didn't cause an accident or get into one. At least, she didn't think so. At this point, she wasn't completely sure what was going on around her since thoughts of her boys being taken away from her so they could be trained to be royal beings rolled through her mind in a nightmarish tableau of heartbreak and loneliness, of having no say in how her boys were raised once Malik took them away from her.

She forced a smile as she passed by the classrooms, nodding as politely as possible to the teachers as she walked in, but inside, her heart was breaking. This might be the last, normal night she'd have with these little guys. She'd call Malik tonight and give him the news. He'd probably want to meet them.

And she was sure her little boys would want to meet their father.

She stopped and watched her guys through the window, smiling as they laughed about something only they could hear since the two of them were sitting next to each other, building again with their curly haired heads bent towards each other. Goodness, they loved building things, she thought with a heart full of love.

Jacob looked up and glanced through the classroom observation window, his chubby face breaking out into a huge smile when he spotted her. He immediately jabbed Sam who repeated the process. Two peas in a pod, she thought and pushed away from the wall and walked in, loving their exuberant greeting as they both threw themselves into her arms, their strong little arms wrapping around her neck.

Yes, this was all worth all the frustrations of being a single mother of twins. Completely worth every moment!

And, sadly, she couldn't deny Malik this happiness either. They were rational, intelligent human beings. Between the two of them, they could figure out an equitable compromise that would be good for the boys as well as for the other parties involved. Surely there was a way to work something out, she told herself with what little optimism she could muster. Surely there could be a sharing agreement set up. She almost started crying at the idea of these two little fellows not being with her every night, safely tucked into their toddler beds where she knew they were safe.

Malik would keep them from harm, she was sure. He might be a rat in the romance department, but these little guys represented the future of his country. He wouldn't let anything happen to them.

She gathered their preschool bags, spoke briefly with their favorite teacher about the day, then walked them out to the car before tucking them up in their car seats for the short drive home.

She would call Malik as soon as they were settled for the night, she told herself. After they were tucked in, she would give him the news, they would talk, they would figure out how to move forward and arrange for a meeting with him and the boys. He might not believe they were hers, she knew. And if he rejected them, all the better. She would then have done her part and tried to do the right thing. If he tossed it back in her face, she would be ecstatically happy to have her sons all to herself once again.

When they walked into the house and both of them raced to the backyard, jumping up and down, begging her to let them play outside for just a little bit longer before dinner, she relented with a sigh. As she watched them roll around and play on their toddler sized swing and slide, she picked up her cell phone, deciding to get the pain over with as quickly as possible.

Since Malik had called her earlier, she had his phone number in her cell phone. She just had to press the re-dial button and she'd be connected to him. Her finger shook as she pressed the button, wishing she could ignore what was right and just keep her precious boys all to herself.

She listened carefully as Malik's end rang once, twice, then went to voice mail. It wasn't his voice, but a computer generated message that asked the caller to leave a message.

"Malik, this is Siri. I...We...There's something you should know," she started off awkwardly. "I mean, we need to talk. I need to tell you something." She took a deep breath and closed her eyes. "I'm sorry. I'm making a mess of this. Would you mind calling me back?" She left her cell phone number, then felt silly since he already had her cell phone number, which was exactly why she had his number. As soon as he listened he would think she'd become a complete, rambling idiot!

Needing to end the horrible conversation quickly, she finished with, "Anyway, thanks and I look forward to hearing from you."

She pressed the end button, then tossed her phone into her purse, feeling ridiculous for sounding so insecure and tentative. And why in the world had she said she was 'looking forward' to hearing from him? She was dreading the next time she heard his voice, wanting to toss the cell phone into the freezer or oven just so she wouldn't be able to hear it when he called back.

Then again, what was she supposed to say? 'Would you mind stopping by at your convenience to meet your two sons? Yes, they're twins, three years old and adorable. No, you can't take them away from me either.' Siri didn't really feel like that was the best way to break the news to an ex-boyfriend about his current fatherhood.

With a sigh, she watched Jacob as he climbed the ladder on the small play set she had set up in her fenced in back yard. The boys loved that set, thought it was so wonderful but already they were growing too big for it. Sam slid down the two foot slide, laughing at the bottom as if it were a joke. And then Jacob slid down, right on top of Sam causing both of them to laugh even harder. They were large for their age, always had been. She remembered the doctor's expression during each prenatal visit when he charted their growth, impressed with how quickly they were growing in utero. It wasn't such a surprise to Siri. She knew how large and tall Malik was and her sons were showing every sign of taking after him in both brawn and height.

As she watched them laughing and playing, their rambunctious activities made her laugh. She was supposed to be making dinner and settling down for the evening but she chuckled at their antics, not wanting to slow them down by bringing them inside when they were having so much fun. What mother wouldn't want to keep these little tykes in her life?

Knowing they would be famished after all this activity, she pulled herself together and looked around in her pantry to figure out what to make for dinner. She got out the pasta and whipped up their favorite meal of macaroni and cheese for dinner, adding in hot dogs which they loved, even if they didn't know the hot dogs were actually made out of tofu. When it was finished, she called them inside and told them to go wash their hands.

When they were all cleaned up, they each climbed into their chairs and looked at the meal. "Mac and cheese? What's the special occasion?" Sam asked, already looking into the casserole dish to smell the cheddar cheese. "You know, Billy gets the mac and cheese in the box but this is much better," he declared and jumped out of his chair to give her a hug.

Siri accepted the hug with relish, then picked him up and plopped him back down into his chair. "Let's say grace," she admonished before Sam could grab the handle of the spoon to serve himself. The warning was twofold. She wanted them to be grateful for their food, but she also knew that his little hand would dig the spoon in deep, and there was the strong possibility that he would fling some of the casserole onto the wall behind him. Experience had taught her well.

Both boys bowed their heads while Siri gave thanks, then they licked their lips as she took the serving spoon and ladled the mac and cheese onto their plates. "Real hot dogs?" Sam asked.

"Do they look real?" she questioned right back at them, surprised that they were asking. They continuously surprised her about what they'd figured out.

Jacob laughed and shook his head. "Not real," he declared.

Sam nodded his head and popped one into his mouth. "Tofu dogs," he claimed. "We get real hot dogs at school."

Siri didn't correct him that they only served turkey hot dogs at school. What they didn't know, wouldn't hurt them.

She kept checking her cell phone for messages, wondering if she'd missed the call from Malik. In the past, she hadn't bothered him unless she knew he was on his way to her. So she wasn't sure what time lapse was normal when she needed him to call her back.

Bath time passed by, their teeth brushed, their cute little bodies tucked into fleece pajamas and both of them snuggled into their beds in the room right across from hers. And still no word from Malik. It was relatively early in the evening, only eight o'clock, but she'd called him two hours ago. Surely he'd gotten the message by now.

A small part of her hoped that the phone he had used earlier in the day to call her wasn't really his. That it was just a throw away that he used sometimes when he needed a phone. That would let her off the hook and she could keep her boys all to herself, guilt free.

The dishes were finally done, the cozy kitchen cleaned up and her family room all straightened out by the time she sat down and pulled her work bag towards her. She was propped up on her overstuffed chair, and it occurred to her that this was almost the same position she was in when Malik had walked into her apartment four years ago. Her tiny little cottage style house was bigger, but not by much. The family room contained barely enough space for her sofa and two chairs, but this furniture was of much better quality than what she'd had back then. And this time around, she had a wall separating the kitchen from her family room, which was extremely nice.

It was funny how things changed, and yet they still remained excruciatingly familiar.

Chapter 4

She was concentrating on reconciling the current inventory with the recent shipments when a hard, loud knock sounded on her front door. She looked up with worried eyes and noticed that it was only eight thirty, but she couldn't imagine who would be at her door even at this time of the night. Her neighbors were wonderful, but they also knew that her boys went to sleep early at night, and they would definitely call before stopping by for any reason.

She peered warily through the security peep hole and her nervous breath caught in her throat. Standing on her front stoop, looking exceptionally gorgeous, was Malik in a pair of perfectly pressed, casual slacks and a sexy, leather jacket.

With a deep breath, she opened the door slowly, wishing she could just ignore him completely and keep her children to herself. Do the right thing, she told herself sternly.

"I thought you would call me back," she said in lieu of a greeting as she leaned against her front door as if it could somehow protect her from the impact this man continued to have on her. An impact she resented now and wished she could banish from her life.

He put a hand to her door and gently pressed the door open wider. Once he was inside, he closed the door himself, looking at her with desire in his eyes. "I didn't want to wait. I got your message and came over."

She quickly retreated behind one of the large chairs, a new defense that she also realized was weak as he came closer and she could smell his subtle, spicy aftershave. "How did you know where I lived?" she asked nervously, wishing her voice was stronger. But he was looking at her as if he wanted to....well, taste her, she thought as she watched his eyes look at her trembling mouth.

He moved slowly around the chair, never taking his eyes from his prey as he relentlessly stalked her. "Same resources that found your cell phone earlier."

She stepped back and shook her head. "I really don't like those resources."

He stepped closer, his tall body crowding her and she stepped back, wanting space from the heat emanating from his body.

"They're good resources."

"They're nosy resources that have invaded my privacy," she said but this came out as a whisper. Her eyes moved over him, noting his strong jaw, shoulders that were impossibly broad and muscled and a chest that tapered to slim hips and long, powerful legs.

"You're beautiful," he said and this time he was less than an inch from her. His hand came up, a finger gently caressing her cheek. "I'm going t kiss you."

"Please don't," she croaked out. She tried to turn her head, but his finger stopped her, somehow holding her still while his head slowly, ever so slowly descended towards hers.

"I don't think I can stop myself," he replied and covered her mouth with his. She gasped and his tongue took full advantage of the possibility, moving inside, tasting her, teasing her to participate in the kiss.

She tried for all of two seconds to resist. But those feelings that had been there four years ago were actually more powerful now. He was more powerful, his ability to lure her in complete. She wished she were stronger, and then she didn't wish for anything except having his arms around her, his body pressing against hers the way he used to do for her. She wanted him too desperately for anything intelligent to contradict. With a moan, she wrapped her arms around his neck, her hands gripping his shoulders to pull him closer to her.

He quickly complied, his hands moving from her head down her body, skimming against her back and her waist to reacquaint himself with her once again. And she loved it, reveled in his touch and his scent and the way he felt against her. It had been four years since any man had touched her like this and, truth be told, he was the only one who had ever tempted her to want this.

He lifted her up and pressed her against him, his hands taking control but Siri needed no prompting. Her legs automatically wrapped around his waist and she pressed against him, wishing their clothing wasn't in the way.

Next thing she knew, she was falling but his arms were still securely holding her. When she felt the mattress underneath her back, she almost sighed with relief, but that's when he lifted himself up slightly and pulled her sweater over her head, his heated gaze looking at her with the red, lace bra. She held her breath, praying that he wouldn't just look but she shouldn't have worried because his hand smoothed up her stomach, cupping her right breast in his long, strong fingers, his thumb rubbing the already taut nipple and making her body flinch with the need to feel him, her legs pulling him closer and her arms reaching for him as well.

She pushed the jacket off his shoulders, then started working on the buttons of his shirt, but she couldn't make them open fast enough. In the end, he stood up and unbuttoned the top two buttons, then simply pulled the dress shirt over his head, tossing it behind him before coming back. He took her hand and pressed her palm against his stomach and Siri didn't need any other invitation. Her fingers had always loved to touch him, to feel his heated skin underneath her fingertips. He inhaled sharply when her fingers moved lower, running along the top edge of his slacks, slipping underneath before coming back out and working on his belt buckle.

He grabbed both of her hands, pulling them out to the sides as he bent to take her nipple in his mouth, sucking hard before gentling, then circling the hard peak with his tongue.

"Take it off," she gasped, begging him with both the words and her body to move the bra out of the way. She didn't want anything between his tongue and her breast, needing all of him like she'd never needed anyone else.

"With pleasure," he said with a husky laugh and his hands quickly unlatched the snap and pulled off the red lace, tossing it behind him before bringing his head back down to suckle her again, pulling her nipple into his mouth until she cried out for relief.

"Is this all you are going to do?" she asked, taunting him with words since he was still holding her hands out to the sides. She couldn't move and couldn't make him go faster. She was trapped and wanted him inside her so desperately she was writhing on the bed, her legs rubbing against his side in an attempt to push him over the edge so he would take her, make her whole like he'd done in the past.

He looked down at her and she could see that he was working hard to restrain himself, to go slower for her. She shook her head. "Take your time later," she begged, licking her lips in desperate need.

He watched her and tried for control, but when she arched against him, pressing herself against his erection and showing him that she was ready for him, he didn't want to hold back. "Please Malik, I'm already begging!"

He tried for a moment longer, but when she pressed against him again, he cursed under his breath and stood up, releasing her hands and stepping back so he could take off his slacks. Siri didn't hesitate either. She sat up and slid her own slacks off, too far gone by this point for any sort of common sense to enter into the scene. She needed him, he was here and he wanted her. Those were the only things she understood.

"I'm sorry," he groaned when he came back to her, pressing her back against the mattress and pulling her legs back against his waist. He reached down, his fingers seeking the soft folds and finding her more than ready for him.

"I've missed you so much!" he said a moment before he pushed himself into her, pulling one of her legs over his shoulder so he could go deeper, press her harder.

As he moved inside her, Siri reveled in how wonderful it felt, how whole and perfect he felt. She hated the fact but she'd never wanted this from any other man. And then he sped up and her thoughts flew out the window. She desperately needed....she reached up and held on, knowing that he'd never let her down and arched into his thrusts. Just when she didn't think she could take anymore, he reached down, his fingers pressing against her and she splintered outward, every cell in her body exploding with pleasure so intense she wasn't sure if she cried out or simply cried. She just hung onto his strong body, her whole self becoming a part of him in those moments.

It took a long time, but finally she was able to open her eyes and look around. What she saw made her blush and wish she could pull back. But Malik had never allowed her any shyness before and he hadn't changed in the past four years.

"Don't do that," he said softly, his head dipping down to nibble along her shoulder.

"Do what?" she asked, trying to pull out from underneath him but he wasn't having any of that. He simply shifted his weight to the side and pulled her next to him. "You know exactly what," he replied and moved lower. "I'll be back," he said and pulled himself away from her, moving to the bathroom. She heard the water running and tried to pull the blanket from the bottom of the bed over her, but he was too fast. He was already striding back to the bed before she had a chance to even unfold the soft material.

"I told you not to do that," he said with a chuckle and whipped the fabric out of her reach. "You mentioned something earlier about going slower," he said as his head dipped down.

Siri knew he was going to kiss her and she turned her face to the side to avoid that. She had to stop him, they had to talk but when denied her mouth, he simply took whatever was available. At that moment, it happened to be her breast which was already sensitive from his previous lovemaking. When he touched her, she almost sat up in the bed because the feeling was so intense.

He chuckled and moved to the other breast, giving it the same attention. "You're not getting away from me, Siri. I'm going to enjoy it this time."

She tried to move out from underneath him, but at the same time, bringing his head down for more attention. "Are you saying you didn't enjoy the last go around?"

She wasn't going to take this laying down, she thought. Just as much as he'd learned about her body, she had been taught what he liked. And she fought the intensity of his touch the only way she knew how; by giving as good as she got.

Her fingers slid down his back, moving back up and then down the front of his chest. He lifted himself a bit higher so she could have better access and Siri took advantage of that. Her hands moved down his chest, switching from light, fluttery movements to a more firm touch that told him she meant business. It was a random path her hands made, until she reached her goal. As her fingers moved downward, she smiled as she grasped him and heard his sharp intake of breath. He looked down and watched as her hands smoothed, explored. When she pressed against him, even the lightest pressure and he was on his back and she smiled. This was payback time, she thought as her mouth followed the same path her fingers had just traveled while her hands continued to caress his erection, reacquainting herself with his size and length. She loved the satiny feel of him, the amazing texture and musky, male scent as she kissed and tasted his ridged stomach muscles.

As she moved lower, she could feel his body tense in anticipation and she almost laughed, joyous at the power she had over him at this moment. She continued to kiss him, her body moving against his legs and she felt his hands in her hair, his fingers massaging her scalp and his whole body went almost rigid with expectation when her mouth hovered over him, not moving, teasing him with her warm breath.

When she finally took him in her mouth, she was thrilled with his groan of pleasure. Her mouth covered him, taking as much of him as she could. She moved against him, her tongue teasing as she pleasured him the best way she knew. He only gave her a few moments of that before he sat up, picked her up and literally lifted her over him so she was flat on her back. "Two can play at that game," he growled before he nibbled his way down her body. His large chest was in the way so she had no defense when his hot mouth covered her core. He wasn't as tentative as she was either. He knew what he was about and was relentless as he played her body like a violin, listening to her gasps and moans, feeling the tension in her muscles but not letting her have the release she needed. Each time she came close, he'd bring her down, then ramp her up again until she was begging him once again.

Siri couldn't believe how well he could control her, how intense he could make her feel. "Please," she cried out, her fingers in his hair and her body arched against his mouth in a desperate attempt to find the release.

"You're so beautiful," he said before he flicked his tongue, his fingers moving against her and letting her climax while he watched with fascination.

When she relaxed against the mattress once again, he lifted himself up, looking down at her and she glared back. "You did that on purpose!" she sighed, trying to be angry, but not sure she had the energy to get to that emotion.

"Yes. I did. And I'm going to do it again," he said with a low, powerful tone of voice.

Siri shook her head, not sure she could handle another wave like the previous two. "Malik, please, no..." she started to say then he slid into her warmth and she sighed with how good he felt, how stretched and full she felt now. And how ready she was, once again, to experience this man's magic. As he moved inside her, she found that she was more than ready to take all of him, to ride the intense wave of pleasure. Her body was so primed, so ready she could barely even think or breathe as he took her higher, faster, pounding into her and not giving in until she cried out with her climax. He followed moments later, holding her close as he too experienced the same feelings.

A long time later, he slid out of her and went to the bathroom once again to clean up. As she watched him go, she felt both cherished and respected that he'd had the foresight to use protection. In this case, she hadn't been prepared and was sincerely grateful that he had been.

Which raised the question of why he was so prepared, she thought as she rolled to her side, pulling the blanket over herself. This time he allowed it and she marveled at how sexy he looked when he came out of the bathroom. He leaned against the door frame, looking at her in the bed and she shivered, knowing that he was thinking about round three. That man didn't really slow down, she knew from experience. Even when she thought her body was completely sated and there was no way he could get her going again, a touch or a look and she was once again primed and ready for him.

"I need a drink of water," Siri said, her voice hoarse and her body not able to move easily.

"I'll get you something," he said and pushed away from the wall.

But she stopped him with a touch to his bare shoulder. "You don't know where anything is," she said and slipped out of the bed, pulling her robe over her before she stood up and belted it closed.

"If you think that's going to stop me when you come back, you need to re-evaluate your methods," he said and walked to stand in front of her, his hands resting on her slender hips, already moving up and down against the soft fabric of her robe.

"Malik, about what just happened...we can't do this," she said awkwardly, wanting to step away from him but he just smelled so good. She knew she was sending mixed messaged which wasn't fair.

He laughed softly and shook his head. "Siri, we just did 'this'. And we're going to do it again and again."

"No," she said and pushed her hair behind her ear. "We can't. I need to..."

"I know what you said on the message. That you needed to talk. But it seems as if we have trouble talking right now. Why don't you go get some water and we'll try to talk a bit later."

"No, we need to talk outside of the bedroom. Now. I mentioned on the message that I needed to tell you something important."

He chuckled and shook his head. "Siri, right now, I'm honestly having trouble letting you leave just to get a glass of water. Do you truly think that not having a bed in our vicinity is going to keep my hands off of you?" He paused and sighed, shaking his head as he said, "You're even more beautiful now than you were four years ago. There's something about you that's more alluring, more..." he looked her up and down, his dark eyes taking in her larger breasts, her hips that were rounder, sexier. "I don't really know what it is, but I can't get enough of you."

She stepped back and opened the bedroom door. "I'll be back," she said, her mind frantically trying to figure out how to tell him about Jacob and Samuel, needing to give him the news but each time she tried, he changed the subject. "We really have to talk, Malik. This was a mistake, you have to leave." She tried to be firm, but couldn't look at him while she said the words.

He was reaching for his slacks as he shook his head. "It wasn't a mistake, Siri. I can explain what happened four years ago. Just go get your water and we'll talk."

Siri sighed because he wasn't moving quickly to get dressed or meet her in another room. He should have looked ridiculous standing there in her bedroom with all the flowers and delicate items, but the decor only showed off how truly masculine he was. He was so confident in that masculinity that the flowers didn't even bother him. She doubted he preferred the decor, but it didn't make him cringe. She'd give him points for that, she thought as she walked out of her bedroom. She didn't really need water, although she went into her small kitchen and reached for a large glass in the cabinet anyway. She really just needed some space to try and figure out how to tell Malik about his sons, to find the right words that would give him the news without creating any hurt or resentment.

Siri leaned against the counter, staring into the darkness outside her window. How should she start off the conversation? She couldn't just come out and say it. This was something that probably needed a bit of an explanation.

But if she explained, then he might explain why he'd left her that weekend to marry the other woman. She really didn't want to hear his explanations. She couldn't imagine any reason she'd like that would excuse that kind of a betrayal.

Now that she thought about it, maybe it wasn't such a big deal. He'd gone off and married a woman that was more appropriate to his station in life. A woman that was probably politically connected and therefore more suitable. The man had an image to uphold and she had no illusions about her appearance. She was just an ordinary working woman and at, the time, she hadn't even finished school. The woman he'd married had been beautiful and confident, poised and sophisticated. She had probably been a much bigger help to his rule than she could ever be.

Four years ago, she had been emotionally invested in the relationship, but obviously Malik had thought she was just a weekend fling, the kind of woman who was available whenever he was with no strings attached. Siri had been the only part of the relationship that hadn't understood the rules.

That thought hurt and she turned around, her mind spinning with the possibilities of how to tell him her news and none of them were a good start to how she was to explain that Malik had two wonderful, intelligent sons.

With a sigh, she shook her head and bit her lip in frustration. She was procrastinating and she needed to get back there to her bedroom, tell him to get dressed and bring him back out to the living room where she could have a conversation with him without the distraction of her bed.

Siri opened the fridge and....screamed at the top of her lungs!

In the darkness, all she saw were little things jumping out. Everywhere! Blobs were jumping from the top shelf of the fridge, the bottom shelf, seemed to be crawling out of the drawers and on the condiment jars. One of the blobs jumped towards her and she screamed again, unsure of what was going on and trying to figure it out in her sex and nighttime muddled brain. When one of the blobs came closer, she jumped up onto the kitchen table and pulled her feet up, screeching as the jumping things, which now looked like larger and faster blobs, were bouncing and crawling all over her kitchen floor.

She was just about to scream again when the overhead light flipped on and her body was picked up and slammed between Malik's hard, muscular back and the wall of her kitchen.

Adding to the chaos, Jacob in his red fleece pajamas and Sam in his blue ones, came rushing out to the kitchen, their curly hair messed up and their tiny little eyes blinking in the bright light of the kitchen.

"Don't hurt them!" Sam screamed and immediately bent down to protect his treasures, which Siri now realized were dozens of little frogs, all of whom, she suspected, had been stored in her fridge in the shoe box that was laying open on the top shelf. Her only two clues were the fact that she never, ever kept shoe boxes in her fridge and she couldn't fathom any reason to poke holes in a shoe box, except if one, or two little boys, wanted to keep something alive in said shoe box.

She relaxed for all of two seconds before the adrenaline that had been coursing through her body reacted to the release of the fear. "Samuel Martin! Are you telling me that you stored your frogs in my refrigerator?"

She pushed Malik out of the way and came to stand in front of him, hands on her hips as she glared down at her son who was carefully scooping up his frogs and gently putting them back into the shoe box he'd had them in previously.

Jacob came to his brother's defense, but he was also delighted by the middle of the night spectacle. "They like the cold, momma. They were too warm outside so I had to do something."

"Please explain to me why you thought my fridge was the something that you came up with."

Unfortunately, Jacob was no longer looking at all the frogs jumping around. He was entranced by the sight behind her and, adorable, brave little guy that he was, he knew there was an imminent threat to his precious mother and he was determined to rise to her rescue. "Don't hurt my momma!" he yelled out, adding a whole new dimension to the chaos.

His chubby little hands were fisted at his sides and he was in obvious fighting mode with a clear line of sight to Malik.

"Jacob," she started to say, only to turn around and glance at Malik. All she saw was a completely naked man with a knife in his hand, staring at two little boys with a stunned expression on his face.

"Don't just stand there, Malik, go put some clothes on!"

He looked down at her, then back at the boys, then down at himself. Something must have gotten through because he looked back at the boys and nodded curtly before moving off to the bedroom.

While bending down to try and catch the disgusting, jumping blobs, she glanced up at her son, trying to figure out why he wasn't bending down to help. Instead, he was glaring at the door where the strange man had disappeared, obviously trying to figure out why the stranger had gone into his mother's room. "Jacob, stop it! You're not going to fight that man so stop acting belligerent and help me catch these horrible creatures," she commanded in as gentle a voice as possible under the circumstances.

Jacob didn't obey, but instead followed Malik with his eyes, glaring daggers at the naked man who, in his mind, was a threat to his mother, the only security he knew in his little world.

When Malik was gone, Jacob put his arm around Siri's shoulders and patted her back. "It's okay, momma. He's gone now."

Siri would have laughed at how cute her little man was, how proud he was to have protected his mother, but she was still frantically trying to get the frogs back into the box. They really hadn't enjoyed being in the box which had been in the cold fridge and now they were not cooperating when she and Sam tried to get them back into their 'jail'. Nor would she, Siri thought. She wouldn't like being put back into the fridge, so she'd be trying to pop out of any box that might go back into cold storage too.

"Jacob, please help me," she groaned as she picked up yet another one and dumped it into the box.

"Not like that momma. You have to be gentle," Sam explained as he carefully caught one and put it in the box. Unfortunately, the spry little devil just shot back up again.

Malik reappeared, dressed in his slacks and shirt once again. With efficient hands, he picked up several that were escaping into her living room, and captured three more in his path to the box. He then dumped them all inside and covered it while he found the others. "Is that all there is?" he asked, looking sternly at Sam.

Sam looked up at the big man and nodded, his mouth hanging open as he realized that someone was in his kitchen that might not be as nice as his mother.

With a sigh of relief, Siri picked up the box, careful not to drop it even though the disgusting things were still popping around. "Sam, these are going outside and I don't ever want to see any kind of creature in my fridge, ever again. Do you understand?"

"But momma, they needed..."

She immediately sliced the air with her hand, cutting off any explanation he might have. This was a non-negotiable issue in her mind. "No! The fridge is not to keep anything cool other than food. No excuses and no getting around that rule."

He sighed, realizing the no-getting-around-Mom tone of voice. "Yes, momma."

"And Jacob, stop glaring. It's almost midnight. Both of you need to get back into bed."

"Is he leaving?" Jacob asked, still glaring at Malik despite Siri's admonition for him to stop.

"Yes. But he and I have some things to talk about. The sooner both of you are in bed and asleep, the sooner he will leave." She shuffled both of them off to their room, tucked them in and gave each of them a soft kiss. "Go to sleep," she ordered gently. Since they'd never been up this late, she wasn't sure if they were too wound up to fall back to sleep, or if they would fall to sleep immediately now that things were quiet once again.

She turned and found Malik standing in the doorway, his arms crossed over his chest as he looked down at the boys in their identical toddler beds.

Without a word, she followed him out to her living room. "Would you give me just a moment to pull on some clothes?" she asked softly.

Chapter 5

Malik could only nod and he watched with rising fury as she walked down the hallway, closing the door behind her. As if that would stop him, he thought.

He couldn't believe that she'd kept something like this from him. She had children? She'd loved another man? He wasn't sure about the age of those little boys, but they had to be about three or four years old. So she'd met someone almost immediately after he'd left. She hadn't waited around very long, had she? Had he been wrong about their relationship? He would have sworn that she'd loved him all those years ago but maybe he'd only been hoping that were the case. She'd obviously moved on after he'd left.

And to think, for four years, he'd felt guilty about the way things had ended, had tried hard to contact her again in order to explain things and try to make her understand why he'd married his ex-wife.

When she came back out, he was pacing the tiny expanse of her living room, so beside himself with rage that he was actually ready to kick the furniture out of his way to make more room.

She watched him carefully for a moment, realizing he was angrier than she'd ever seen him. "So now you know," she said and sat down on the chair, her hands on her knees as she braced for the questions.

"How long?" he demanded.

Siri wasn't sure what he was asking. "How long before they were born?"

"Yes, fine! That's as good a start as anything else."

"They were born March twelfth, just over three years ago."

He quickly did the math and almost exploded. "So were you with someone while you were with me?" he asked, bending down and leaning over her so she had to push back against the cushions.

She looked up at him, confused. "Excuse me?"

"Yes! You should excuse yourself! How dare you be with some other man while you and I were..."

"Some other man?" she interrupted, her temper starting to increase as she absorbed the accusation he was tossing at her. "Malik, are you saying that I cheated on you with someone else?"

She pushed him back by his shoulders, standing up and glaring right back at him.

"Are you going to say that you waited until after I left? How long? Maybe a week? If that? Those boys are too young for you to have had much time in between me and the next guy you slept with."

She gasped. "How dare you!" she poked him in the stomach, wanting to hit him but trying to be nice despite the disgusting accusations he was making. "I've never been with any other man but you, but now I'm wondering why I even bothered. How could you even think something like that about me?"

"Because..." he gestured behind him to where the boys were sleeping. And then he hesitated.

She was spitting mad and waited for the information to sink in. "Exactly!" she snapped when the realization dawned on him that those were his sons asleep in the other room.

She noticed the tension in his shoulders fall off and his whole body almost drooped into the chair behind him with the understanding that he was their father.

She tried to bank her temper now that he was getting a better understanding of the situation, but it was hard. This was just another slap in the face after all she'd gone through previously with, and without, this man. "Those are your sons in that room, the same ones who were about to fight you in my kitchen."

He seemed breathless and all the anger was gone. He shook his head, trying to wrap his mind around the news. "I didn't know..."

"Of course you didn't know. Because you rejected my letter when I tried to tell you," she said and reached behind her to the large desk filled with all her important papers. She pulled out the well worn envelope, still sealed with the postmark date and the "return to sender" stamped on the outside.

Malik looked down at the envelope, then back up at her. When his fingers moved to unseal the envelope, Siri's stomach twisted with the memory of what she'd written. There had been no emotion left which would have enabled her to give him any details other than the pertinent ones like a due date, the schedule and any additional information the doctor had provided to her. The opening words had been simple, "I'm pregnant with our child. If you'd like to be a part of this child's life, please contact me through our lawyers." And then she'd given the name of her father's attorney and his contact information. A simple signature, no greeting or salutation, a few facts about the pregnancy and that was it. She'd been too sick, both physically and emotionally to write anything else. When the letter had been returned, the attorney had advised that she store it in a safe place, for just such a moment like this.

"I didn't get this," he said. Glancing at the date, he shook his head. "They never would have sent this to me. Not during this time period. Things in Duban were....chaotic."

She didn't care about his minions and how they'd harmed her and her life. In response, she crossed her arms over her chest and watched him, waiting for his next move.

"That's what you wanted to talk about tonight," he said and shifted uncomfortably on the sofa, his hands still holding the letter and envelope as he absorbed all of the news.

"Yes. I wanted to talk."

He smiled and shook his head. "Okay, so we're talking."

Siri took a seat as well and curled her legs underneath her. Trying to be fair, she considered the situation from his perspective and knew that she might have jumped to the same conclusion. It was yet another reason they shouldn't become intimate since their trust in each other was completely destroyed. "They're really wonderful boys," she said softly. The anger was gone now, and all that was left was her joy in her sons. "They are painfully smart, well ahead of their class in school."

"What are their names?" he asked.

"Jacob and Samuel. I picked those names because they sounded strong and tough. I didn't want anyone messing with my kids."

He nodded and looked at the wall, seeing their baby pictures framed and hung with pride. "What were they like as babies?" he asked.

She told him about their birth and what they were like, described their personalities and their accomplishments. Malik continued to listen, asking questions and only pausing for a moment to make a terse phone call. It must have been to his driver who was outside her house waiting because he spoke rapidly in Arabic, then snapped the phone shut, turning back to her for more questions.

For the next several hours, Malik asked questions and she answered them, not holding anything back as she talked about her favorite subject. She told him funny stories about their antics, pulled out their baby books and showed him photos. They sat on the sofa together and she caught him up on their sons' lives.

She didn't know when it happened, but at some point, she fell asleep. She woke up the next morning with Jacob and Sam playing "softly" beside her bed. They were trying to be quiet, but each one was building something with Legos, and it was a little hard to be quiet when arguing about who got which piece of the Legos set.

"Mom's awake," Jacob whispered to Sam.

"Yes. I'm awake," she replied, pushing her hair out of her eyes and looking for Malik.

"He's gone, momma. He left a note." Sam picked up the piece of paper beside him and handed it to her, all without looking away from his Legos bridge which he was trying to figure out how to make longer without making it taller as well. "It says he'll be back with breakfast."

Siri looked at the note and read the words. Simple and to the point. "I'll be back with breakfast. M."

She looked down at her son, eyebrows raised and her head spinning with both fatigue and surprise. "Sam, did you read this note?"

"Yes." He pulled his concentration away from the bridge and looked up at his mother with a confused expression. "Was I not supposed to?"

Siri shook her head, dumbfounded that her three year old son was reading already. "When did you learn your letters?"

He looked back down at his bridge, shrugging his shoulders.

"We figured those out last month, momma," Jacob replied. "Ms. Tennley kept spelling things and it was irritating. So we decided to figure out what she was spelling." Jacob looked up from his building, his eyes puzzled. "What does 'incessant' mean?" he asked.

Siri laughed and shook her head. "Never ending," she explained. "I'm guessing that you were asking her questions, huh?"

He shrugged and went back to his building. "Sam asked more," he replied in his defense but he didn't seem overly concerned about being curious and asking multiple questions.

Siri rested her head in her hand for a moment, overawed once again by their intelligence. "I'm going to shower. Can you two behave while I get dressed?"

"Yes, but what's for breakfast? And aren't we going to be late for school?"

Siri glanced at her clock and sighed. "I think we need to skip school today," she said and picked up the phone to let their school know they wouldn't be in today. She suspected that Malik would want to spend some time with them and she didn't blame him.

As she walked into the bathroom, she told herself that she wasn't jealous of her sons' day ahead. She didn't want to spend time with Malik, she needed to get some work done and he was off limits to her anyway.

As she showered, she felt her whole body tingle with awareness. She'd always felt this way when she knew that Malik was going to be back and she shook her head, refusing to become excited, both emotionally and physically, just because the guy was coming to see their sons. She had to be firm, to stay away from him and not fall back into his arms. If she just kept herself an arm's length away, she should be safe.

She added a bit more makeup, telling herself it was only because she looked so tired and wasn't because she wanted to impress Malik. He was nothing but the father to her sons and if she wanted to keep her children here with her, and not in some foreign country, she had to be firm. No charm, no kissing, no making love ever again.

She walked out to the kitchen, needing coffee pretty desperately at this point. She looked out the window as she filled up the coffee pot with water, intending to make double what she would normally brew since Malik would probably need some as well.

As she looked at her yard, her mind wondered where those frogs had hopped off to during the night. She laughed softly, thinking about Sam's expression when he saw all of his little treasures hopping around the kitchen and his sad little face when she put them outside instead of 'safely' back in the fridge.

Something to the right caught her eye and she focused her attention. When she didn't see anything again, she relaxed and assumed she was just seeing things because she was so tired.

Then she caught another movement, this time on the opposite side of her fence. Was it a cat? No, that was definitely too large to be a cat! As she watched, she saw a man standing on the corner of her yard.

Picking up the phone, she scrambled to find the on button, frantically trying to call the police. Someone was in her back yard and they weren't from this neighborhood. She knew all the neighbors and large men with dark suits were not neighborly!

The doorbell rang at the same time she found the on button but she ran to the door, thinking that maybe it was Malik and he was in danger. Sure enough, as soon as she peered through the peep hole, she saw him standing there.

She whipped open the door and grabbed him by the middle of his shirt, then slammed the door shut behind him, leaning against it as she tried to dial, but her fingers were shaking so badly she couldn't find the numbers.

"What's wrong?" Malik demanded, putting a hand to her phone and stopping her fingers.

"Someone...!" she tried to speak but she was too terrified. "Out back!"

She tried to push his hand away but he stopped her by grabbing her wrists. "Are you telling me that there's someone in the back yard?" he clarified.

She nodded frantically. "Yes. Two men, I think. They're big. I don't know them. We need to call the police."

He was already shaking his head before she finished her statement, putting a reassuring hand over her own that were trying to dial the phone. "Relax, Siri. Those are my body guards. Or at least part of the team."

"Why are they in my back yard?" she gasped. "You weren't here! They should be with you!"

He was already shaking his head. "Siri, as soon as I realized that my sons were in this house, I had my team split up and surround the house. They've been here all night long. You heard me make the call last night."

She stopped trying to press the buttons and looked up at him. "Security? Body guards?" She looked around, trying to understand what he was telling her but the meaning of his words escaped her. "But why are they here?"

He tried to be reassuring, but firm. Having his children guarded was a non-negotiable issue. And he wouldn't allow her to be in danger either. She was going to be his wife, she just didn't know it yet. "Yes. It's necessary. The boys can't be without body guards ever again. Nor can you, actually."

She stood there, staring at him for a long moment. "What do you mean?" She really didn't like where her thoughts were leading her at his statement.

He raised an eyebrow. "One of them will be my heir, Siri. You had to know that this would happen."

She was shaking her head and backing up. "No," she whispered. "You can't do that to them!"

"It's the natural order of things," he said, trying to calm her down.

She backed up, forgetting about the cell phone in her hands when he was telling her that one of her sons would be his heir while the other would be left behind, superfluous unless the first born died. The possibility was horrible and divisive to her children. They were great friends and raising them in this way would tear that bond apart. "Then stop the order! Change it!" She didn't even want them being rulers, much less one of them being Malik's heir. She'd known it was a possibility, but now with the reality of the future being shoved down her throat, she didn't like it one little bit.

"I can't. They're my sons. They'll need to come back to Duban and learn to rule the country. My people will demand it."

"Then tell them no! They aren't going anywhere." She stepped back, refusing the reassurance of his arms. "If you're in charge, then make them find someone else to rule when you're...." she couldn't say 'dead' or 'gone' or anything else that might force her to face this man's mortality.

He sighed and bowed his head, then raised it once again to look directly at her. "We'll also have to marry."

She gasped and stepped backwards. "Marry? You?"

"Of course. You're the mother of my children. We have to marry."

He said it like the marriage was a foregone conclusion. In her mind, it was far from her future. Not even a remote possibility! "You married some other woman!" She looked him up and down with disgust and frustration. "Not only that, you married her days after.....sleeping with me! I won't marry you now."

He shook his head. "You're tired from last night and probably not thinking clearly. I shouldn't have kept you up talking so long but let's just put this issue aside until we can think more clearly about this. Okay?"

Siri pulled herself together. "You can talk all you want. But you're not taking my sons from me."

"They're my sons as well," he countered.

"And you apparently have their whole future planned out for them. Well, one at least. The other we can toss to the side," she said angrily and stormed into her kitchen, pressing the button to make the coffee. "Oh, no!" she interjected after a moment's pause. "We can't toss him out, can we? An heir and a spare, isn't that the phrase?"

"Don't be ridiculous. I don't consider either of them in that way and you know it."

"Momma, what's a spare?" Sam asked as he climbed up into his chair, looking at Malik as if he were an esteemed stranger. He'd helped with his frogs so in Sam's opinion, the tall man couldn't be all bad, the toddler surmised.

Jacob was right behind him and both looked up at her with curiosity, waiting for a response.

Siri sighed and shook her head. "We were just arguing about politics, honey. Are you hungry?" she asked and took the large, expensive looking bag that Malik had brought in with him and set it on the counter while they calmed down from their argument. The smells emanating from the bag were actually making her mouth water and she realized she was incredibly hungry. She refused to attribute her hunger to having sex with Malik the night before though. She wouldn't give him credit for anything! Except turning her life upside down again!

Malik turned back to the boys, his eyes hungrily watching each of them and Siri instantly knew what he was trying to do. "This is Jacob," she explained, pointing to her little guy on the right. "You can tell him by the little freckles here on his ear," she said and tickled Jacob behind his ear, smiling when he giggled and tried to stop her by lifting his shoulder. "And this is Samuel," she said, moving to the other side of the table. "You can tell him apart by the wiggle in his nose," she teased, "and by the darker eyes. He has slightly darker hair as well."

Turning to Malik she said, "They're fraternal twins but they're so alike that they are almost identical. And they already like tricking people who can't tell them apart as well. Right boys?" she asked and winked at them as they grinned up at her.

"Guys," she said, pulling their attention away from the bags in front of them, "Remember how I told you that your daddy was a very busy man?" When she received a nod from both, she went on, "Well, he's really sorry and he's here now." She turned to Malik and took a deep breath. "This is your father, guys."

The boys didn't react at all. They continued to stare up at him, their blank faces not really showing anything at all. Siri glanced at Malik, who was staring right back at them, with an identical expression on his face as well.

"So?" she said, just to break the silence. "Are you guys okay with us sharing our lives with your dad? He's come an awfully long way just to meet you."

Sam was the first to speak. "Momma says we can't go around naked." He turned to Malik as if seeking confirmation. "But you were naked last night. Does that mean you'll let me go naked too?"

Of all the things she'd thought they might say when they first met their father, Siri could honestly say that question was the absolute last thing she would have guessed that he would ask. Her mouth fell open and she stared, wondering what the best way to answer her son was under this situation.

Malik, bless his heart, spoke up and gave the answer that made her heart melt just a little bit towards him. "If your mom says that we can't go around naked, then we can't do that."

Sam's crestfallen face only lasted for a moment before he perked up and thought up his next question. "Are you going to come to school with us today? Momma always comes to school and gives us a hug and a kiss before we can go play. She makes us," he replied with a grimace on his cute little face.

Siri bent over his head and gave him a big, loud smooch. "And don't you forget it!" she said and tickled his tummy. "But we're not going to school today. You're going to spend some time with your dad."

She looked up and glanced at Malik, then pulled her eyes quickly away, afraid of the way he was looking at her right now. She couldn't tell if he was admiring the way she treated the boys, or if he was just amused by her teasing.

"What did you bring for breakfast?" she asked, trying to distract him.

He continued looking down at her for a moment, then he pushed himself away from the counter and picked up the bags. "I actually have no idea. I told the chef to make something for kids and adults."

Siri grimaced and peered into the bags. "What do you think, guys? Do we trust him? He's not used to being a dad. He might have really gone off the mark here."

She almost laughed when they both looked into the bag, bumping their heads in their eagerness to find out what was inside.

Malik chuckled and carefully took the bag away, pulling out several boxes with an elaborate label on the front. "Let's see how badly I did on my first try." He opened one box and raised his eyebrows, then handed it to Siri. "This is probably for you." He pulled out another one and looked at the contents and smiled slightly. "I think this is probably a good meal for a cute kid," he said and glanced at Sam and Jacob, both eager with wide eyes, the anticipation making their little bodies wiggle in excitement.

He handed the box to Jacob who took it with a distracted "thank you!" before he peered inside. "Cool!" he exclaimed and grinned over at Sam who was leaning as far over the table as possible so he could see inside the box. "Its pancakes in the shape of different kinds of animals!" he exclaimed.

Sam looked up at Malik, his eyes pleading for something just as interesting. Malik pulled out the next box and peered inside. "Yep, this is another one for a kid," he said and handed the box to Sam.

"Awesome!" Sam said as he happily clapped his hands over his own box of animal shaped pancakes. The last box he kept for himself, not even bothering to look inside as he turned to Siri, winking at her amused expression as her sons dug into the pancakes without even bothering to wait for the syrup. "They're made of tofu and I think the chef even put a bit of flax seed in them," Malik whispered in her ear, then nibbled slightly, sending shivers throughout her whole body. She jumped and almost lost her own box which contained a perfectly cooked omelet with gooey cheese and lots of grilled vegetables. "By the way, we're not through with that original discussion from last night," he said and sat down at the table between the boys, but not before he chuckled over the blush that pinkened her cheeks.

The three males sat at the table, her sons asking Malik questions about where he was from, what it was like in Duban, why he lived there instead of here, would they ever be able to visit Duban and would the people there like them if they came. The questions were amazing and she couldn't believe how much knowledge her sons had acquired about desert life and the various parts of the world.

When they'd eaten all they could of their pancake animals, the three of them wandered outside and Malik introduced them to the body guards, explaining what they were doing and how they should always be in sight of their guards. This was an area Siri hadn't anticipated, and wasn't really ready for. But since he hadn't spoken to her about it before, she wasn't sure how she could deal with it. She'd been alone with her boys for so long, making all the decisions, never having to consult with anyone, this was a new area for her.

It occurred to her that Malik had given her a huge compliment. He was accepting these two boys as his own with only her word that they were his offspring. She knew others in his country would need a DNA test to prove paternity, but Malik had just accepted her word. Malik took the boys to the playground down the street and they were both eager to show him all the things they could do. She followed, watching in amazement as they played and talked with their new father, getting to know him and finding out everything they could about him.

They had simple sandwiches for lunch and Malik continued to answer their questions, but Siri could tell that the boys were winding down. Normally, they were okay for about an hour after their lunch, but because they hadn't slept well last night due to the frog debacle, they were more fatigued that usual. A part of her wanted to keep them awake, using them as a buffer against being along with Malik, but since their eyes were slowly closing as they sat at the table, trying hard to finish their lunch, Siri knew that she needed to put them down for their afternoon nap.

Malik carried Jacob while Siri pulled Sam up out of his chair and followed behind. They laid the boys down on their beds and Siri pulled a blanket up over each of them, kissing them and lowering the room's blinds to dim the bright, afternoon sunshine that was streaming through the bedroom windows.

Chapter 6

She found Malik back out in the living room, looking at their pictures on the wall once again. "They're great kids, Siri. You've done an amazing job with them."

She sat down on the sofa, her heart racing in fear of what he was going to say next. "Thank you", she whispered.

"Marry me," he said when he turned around to look at her.

Siri jumped and looked up at him. "Excuse me?"

"I want to marry you."

She was already shaking her head. "No."

"Why not?"

"Because...." She shook her head and looked away. Discussions of marriage definitely hadn't been in her plan for the day. In fact, marriage to Malik had been banished from her imagination when he'd married that other woman. "Malik, this fatherhood thing is all new to you and I sincerely understand that you need an heir, but let's not jump into a relationship that won't work. There's time to figure out how to deal with the kids and their future. You've known about the boys for less than a day."

"And now that I know about them, they need to be raised in Duban."

She swung around, hearing the words she'd been expecting and fearing. "No. They need to be raised right here. In their home where they can have a normal life."

He shook his head. "Siri, that's just not possible. They're princes."

That declaration startled her and she didn't want to acknowledge the truth of that. "They are little boys who like building things and exploring their world, discovering new animals and seeing what mischief they can create."

He shook his head, refusing to let her stick her head in the sand when it came to their heritage. "They are royal princes who will have responsibilities. Some they will like and others they won't like."

"And I won't let you determine their future when they are only three years old."

"Their futures were determined at conception, Siri. And regardless of what you want, they need to be raised in the palace where they can be kept safe. It doesn't matter if you like it or not, I have enemies that will try to harm them. They aren't safe here. This house alone is too small to protect them adequately."

She crossed her arms over her chest, facing him with defiance and frustration. "I'm not leaving here," she stated emphatically.

He sighed and took a step closer, obviously striving for patience in the face of her rejection. "How about if we compromise initially? Let me get them into a more secure house, one that can be guarded better, with a perimeter that isn't bordering on four other peoples' homes. The neighbors here are going to start getting suspicious when they see armed guards..."

Her eyes widened and she looked outside, trying to see through the bushes to find the men in her yard. "Those men are armed?" she interrupted, horrified at the idea of guns or weapons being near her sons. "We can't have guns in the house, Malik!"

Malik refrained from rolling his eyes, but just barely. "Of course they are armed, Siri. They can't stop bad guys from stealing our kids with a BB gun."

Siri curled her arms around herself, staring at the pictures on the wall of her tiny little guys.

"Ignore the idea of the weapons Siri. If we can get the boys out of this small house, you won't see the guns or any of the other weapons. After you drop off the boys at school tomorrow, we can take a look at houses in the area. You can decide on whichever house suits your needs the best. I won't try and influence you at all. Once my guards survey the possibilities, they'll let us know the options so the final decision will all be yours."

She thought about that for a moment. She could at least go through the motions, couldn't she? And at least tomorrow she'd be with a realtor, someone who could ease the tension between her and Malik. With the boys sleeping, she really could use a break from being alone with him right about now. Even arguing with him was wearing her down and she was already exhausted so he was really getting to her.

She gave in without much grace. She was still resentful of even having to compromise and it seemed as if Malik was getting his way once again. She couldn't come up with an alternative that would keep her boys safe though.

"Fine. I drop the kids off normally about nine o'clock. I don't need to get into the office early and I make my own hours."

He smiled, his admiration for her business acumen coming through with his gaze. "It's nice being the boss," he said, his voice husky and deep. He leaned forward, invading her space a bit more. "I'm really proud of your success, Siri. I looked into your company and you've created a great idea with the educational toys. You have an impressive marketing strategy too."

She wished his praise didn't matter. But hearing him say something like that, it made her heart flutter. "I had to be successful. I had those two guys to look after," she said, nodding in the general direction of Jacob and Sam's still quiet bedroom.

"You could have worked for another company. You didn't need to take the risk of starting off on your own. I always thought there was something special about you."

If she was so special, why had he married someone else? Why hadn't she been special enough for him four years ago? Those questions rose up to choke her and she turned away from him. "Well, it all worked out in the end, didn't it?"

There was a long silence and she refused to turn around and look at him to determine what he was thinking or feeling. "What's wrong, Siri?"

"Nothing. Don't you have some work to do? The boys won't be awake for another hour. You can go do...whatever it is that you do."

He didn't respond immediately and she wondered if she'd hurt his feelings. But that was ridiculous. Malik didn't have feelings to hurt. He was superman with a palace to prove it.

"Will you let me take all of you out for dinner?" he asked behind her.

She could almost feel the heat of his body as he stepped closer to her. She wanted so badly to just lean back and feel his strength against her, for him to wrap his arms around her and hold her close, to tell her that he hadn't wanted to marry that other woman. That she was the only one he'd ever cared about. She didn't even hope that he loved her, just that she had meant something to him. Something other than simply a convenient lay when he was in town.

But he had married another woman. He'd married her only days after holding her in his arms and making love to her until she cried out with her pleasure. She'd needed his touch so much back then and it had been pure hell learning to live without that feeling after his betrayal.

She couldn't do that again. She had to be strong and hold firm about not becoming physical with him.

Okay, not being physical with him again. She couldn't let last night happen again.

"Yes. That would be nice. The boys would love a dinner night out."

"Will you be more comfortable in a specific restaurant?"

She shrugged her shoulders and looked away. "Anything will be fine," she stated. Anything that would keep her from being alone with him, she thought.

"I'll pick you guys up at six o'clock then?"

"I'd better meet you somewhere because I have the car seats set up in my car."

"Fine. I'll meet you back here at six o'clock then."

He walked to the door and put his hand to the knob. "Thank you for today," he said before he strode out of her house. She watched through the front window as he walked to the limousine, his guards falling in around him as soon as he stepped outside of the house. She was amazed that she'd never seen that before, but now that she thought about it, they hadn't ventured out very often after the first few dates. She'd met him at his place, or they'd travel somewhere to be alone. It had been a very isolated relationship.

Chapter 7

Siri was nervous about a dinner out with Malik but not because she was afraid she would be alone with him. She was more anxious about bringing her boys to dinner. She wasn't sure he knew how little boys behaved out in public. And if they had to wait for their dinner? It would be all over.

Malik was used to fancy dinners, expensive restaurants, five star chefs with a multi-course meal. Her boys were already hungry by the time he arrived on her doorstep to pick them up, even though she'd given them a snack only a half hour ago.

"Where are we going?" Jacob asked as they climbed into their car seats that had been installed in the limousine.

Samuel strapped himself in, but his toddler hands weren't quite up to the task of snapping the clasp of the unfamiliar buckle. "I hope it has something good. Momma always takes us to Blue Bird," he quipped, referring to the family friendly restaurant that served great burgers and corn dogs, not exactly the healthiest meal, but it was a fun night out and they only went there occasionally.

"How about Jungle Jim's for dinner?" he asked and was rewarded by dual shriek's of delight and excitement.

Siri breathed a sigh of relief, then blushed when he caught her. She had to look away when he raised one eyebrow, as if to say, "Did you doubt me?" Which she had and she'd been caught.

The car seats were facing backwards which left the entire forward facing seat for her and Malik. She was glad actually, because that allowed her to make sure there was enough room separating her from Malik on the drive, and she pushed herself all the way over to the opposite side, daring him to sit closer.

Thankfully, he respected her need for space and didn't push it, but even having two feet of space between them seemed too close.

The drive to the restaurant was short and the boys were eager to get out and see all the crazy animals inside. The restaurant really was an incredible spectacle, with trees and parrots that would reply to the kids, even if the response didn't make much sense. There was also a large fish tank against one wall and Malik had arranged for their table to be right in the middle of that wall. The boys were enthralled to be that close to the fish and sharks and eagerly pointed to the various species swimming around.

Siri let the boys have the chairs that looked straight onto the fish tank, which meant that she and Malik were sitting next to each other on the opposite side. Normally, that wasn't a problem, but with him so close, he even put his arm across the back of her chair. She tried leaning forward, but her back grew tired since she slouched most of the time while working.

The waitress quickly arrived and took their orders. Because there was so much to look at with the fish floating by, it was the easiest dinner out she'd ever had. The food even arrived quickly, although Siri wasn't sure if the boys realized what they were eating since their eyes were watching the fish in front of them instead of on their plates.

"When you get to be older, I'll take both of you snorkeling and scuba diving."

"What's that?" Jacob asked.

"It's when you get to swim in the ocean and the fish swim right by you. It feels like you can reach out and touch them, but you really shouldn't touch anything underwater. Your hands might have something on them that could harm you. Besides, some of them might bite you back," he explained with a wink.

Their eyes grew round with the wonder of that kind of possibility.

"Do they swim?" he asked softly, watching Siri pick at her salad.

She nodded and put her fork down, too tense to eat anything with him leaning close and almost whispering in her ear. "I've had them in lessons last winter so they are familiar with water. They aren't afraid of anything that I know of yet."

He laughed softly and leaned closer. "Unlike you, right?"

She pulled away and looked up at him. "I'm not afraid of the water," she replied.

"No, but you're afraid of me, aren't you?"

"No! Why would you say that?" she demanded and pushed her hair behind her ear, picking up her fork and forcing herself to take a bite despite the fact that her stomach was fluttering wildly.

"Or maybe you're afraid of what I make you feel. Interesting question either way, in my opinion."

She shifted away from him slightly, wishing she could stop blushing. "You think too much of yourself, Malik."

"Do I? So if I were to do this," he said and let his hand drop to her back, his fingers sliding against the muscles lightly, "it wouldn't bother you?" he asked. His fingers touched a spot on her back that he knew always drove her crazy. It was like an erogenous zone outside of the norm and she hated that he remembered how much she loved to be caressed on her back.

"Don't do that!" she snapped and sat up straight again.

"Why?"

"Because we're not doing that!"

"Ah, but we are, Siri. We're going to be doing this, and so much more!"

Siri's stomach coiled into knots with his promise and she shuddered at the images that immediately popped into her mind. She didn't want to feel like this! She wanted to be immune to him, to be able to keep her distance but her whole body wanted to lean into his touch, to move her chair closer to his body and find warmth and comfort, as well as the excitement he always provided whenever he touched her. Damn him! She wanted her old life back before he re-entered her world and turned it upside down!

The evening progressed much easier after that. The only awkward moment was after she'd tucked the boys into bed, she was alone with Malik in the dimly lit hallway. "Thank you for dinner," she said nervously and moved back into her family room, turning on as many lights as possible to break the intimate feeling of the now quiet house.

"You're welcome," he replied and pulled her into his arms.

He kissed her thoroughly, but just when she was shivering with need, he stepped back and released her. "Can you take the day off again tomorrow? We need to look at some things together."

She nodded her head, her hand shaking as she lifted it to her tingling mouth, trying to subtly wipe away the effect he had on her system when he kissed her. "Fine. Yes. Tomorrow," she said, hoping this meant he was leaving.

He walked to the door and laid his hand on the doorknob. "We're not finished, Siri. This is just the beginning."

She was shaking her head, trying to deny it but he was already out the door before she could say anything to contradict his words

As she sat alone in her little family room, she sank down into the sofa and curled up, staring at nothing as her mind frantically tried to figure out what to do about this whole situation. But the emotional stress of the last few days finally caught up with her. She tried, but failed to keep her eyes open and work out a solution. As midnight approached, she was fast asleep on her sofa, still curled up and her dreams taking her to the place where she wouldn't allow herself to go while awake; directly into Malik's arms and making love to him until they were both too tired to move.

Chapter 8

"Okay, so where are we going? What was the big surprise today that we couldn't talk about around the boys?" Siri asked as she walked out of the preschool area.

She hid her eyes behind sunglasses, worried that he might see something she didn't want him to know. He was too perceptive of her moods lately.

He stood less than a foot from her and looked down into her face, knowing that she was concerned about what was going to happen to her happy little family life. He wouldn't do it if it weren't so important. But the next step had to be done.

"I have several houses lined up for us to walk through."

"Why would we look at houses?"

"We discussed this a few nights ago, but you didn't want to accept it. But Siri, you have to understand that Samuel and Jacob can never be just normal boys. I need them to be in a secure environment. I can't let anything happen to them."

Siri took a deep breath and stood still for a moment. She had to think about this rationally, and do what was best for the boys and not what she wanted to maintain. Besides, she was really just maintaining her little cottage out of sentimental reasons. She'd hate it there if anything happened to the boys. "Okay. Let's take a look."

Malik relaxed with her acceptance, had actually been prepared for a longer argument over any possible move. But thankfully she was being reasonable.

He just hoped she'd continue to think that way as she walked through the houses his security team had already approved. He had a plan but knew he'd have to take it slow. This little woman was skittish and didn't trust him. If he were in her place, he wouldn't trust him either but now it was time to toss all that behind them and move forward.

"Excellent. Thank you for this." He pushed away from the limousine and opened the car door for her. The driver had already taken the car seats out and stored them somewhere else so there was plenty of room in the back now. As they drove through unfamiliar streets, Malik had to take a phone call which was fine with her. She didn't know what to talk to him about. She felt like she was with a stranger, and the mention yesterday that her sons were actually princes was still a huge shock.

They pulled up to an extremely large house with Palladian windows, a gate with a security guard standing out front and several other security measures she was stunned to see in place. It made her wonder what other measures were around that she wasn't aware of.

"Where's the realtor?" Siri asked as Malik led her into the house, not even needing a key to open the door. "And shouldn't we knock before entering someone else's house? Or are they expecting us?"

Malik chuckled and put a hand to the small of her back. "This house has been vacant for about six months. The previous tenant died suddenly and the children live on the west coast. They've been trying to sell it ever since their father died."

"Ah. So it's a bargain, huh?" she asked tentatively, warily looking up at the ornately decorated pink marble foyer with gold painted statues and a grand staircase that wound around the circular room to a landing at the top complete with black balustrades and more gold statues. Even the ceiling was decorated ala Michelangelo style celestial type of art, but Siri wasn't sure if the painting was actually a work of art or a....well, she couldn't really describe it and she blushed as she pulled her eyes away.

"I guess you could say that," he replied softly, smothering the chuckle at her not so subtle reaction to the not-so-subtle sexual images on the ceiling. "What do you think?" As if he didn't know already, he thought. Siri's poker face, at least in this case, was non-existent.

She bit her lip and looked upwards again, needing another look at the ceiling to make sure she hadn't imagined the scene. "It's a very...nice house," she replied carefully. In reality, she hated it. Every little detail and golden covered cherub was a disgusting show of pompous wealth and she couldn't imagine living in a place like this. It was beyond pretentious and bordering on obscene both in the blatant wealth and the decorations that seemed somehow seedy and creepy in a sexual way.

"Let's look around a bit more," he said, already able to tell that she didn't want to live here. "Remember, we can always redecorate."

"Do you like this house?" she asked, worried that he really did like the feel and the decor. She remembered his penthouse from four years ago and had a hard time reconciling his previous taste to the interior of this house. That place had been decorated with strong, masculine colors like tans and browns or grey and black, but they were still elegant and refined. This was just....tacky and pretentious.

He shook his head as he surveyed the cheap bureau masquerading as a Louis XIV marble topped hallway table. It wasn't hard to detect the poor workmanship and the chips already broken out of the white marble. "I won't be the one redecorating. Feel free to hire a decorator to make the house the way you want it to be in any style that suits you and the boys."

She looked around, actually depressed that he'd brought her to a place like this. It was so completely outside of her tastes that it seemed like a complete waste of their time. "I can't afford a decorator," she replied, angry that he was being so casual about moving them out of their current home and into a hollowed out bordello.

He took her elbow gently and navigated them through the foyer and into the office, which seemed much more normal with the heavy wooden desk and large, leather chair. The books on the shelves were well worn, but dusty, indicating that the previous owner hadn't used them often. He looked around, amused that some of the shelves actually had fake books, as in wooden pieces cut out to look like a row of books complete with gilded edges. "You won't have to worry about money from now on, Siri. I will be taking care of you and the boys."

"I can take care of them well enough!" she snapped back. She knew she was just being defensive now because Malik's wealth was so far out of her league she couldn't even begin to imagine his net worth, much less how she could afford to pay for the security Malik considered necessary.

He thought about contradicting her, knowing that the boys would need private tutors as well as many different kinds of instructors. He planned to have the boys taught how to ride horses, teach them combat training, economics, politics, languages...anything that would help them survive in the world they were going to be thrown into. Being ruler came with the perks of wealth, but ruling was also a huge pain in the ass!

As they walked into the living room together, Siri stopped at the entryway, stunned by what she was seeing in the room. "Oh my," she replied softly.

"That's quite an understatement," Malik replied with a cough of surprise.

Siri tried very hard, but staring at a nude painting of a man who was, to put it kindly, rotund, while angels danced above his head just caught Siri's sense of humor and wouldn't release it. It started off as a snort in place of a chuckle, but as she looked to the right, she found another nude, of the same man! "Do you think it's the previous owner?" she asked and covered her mouth to stifle her laughter.

"Hmmm...I'm guessing it's a strong possibility," he said as he looked to the left. Siri followed his gaze and gasped in horror at the painting of the same man, with the same physique, but the angels were no longer angels but had transformed into fairies. All of whom were kissing the man in various parts of his body. "I hope this home wasn't offered fully furnished," Siri finally got out but she couldn't control her laughter any longer. The hilarity was just too much and she was bent over laughing as she looked at the three portraits of the man in the buff. "He really thinks something big of himself," she replied, all anger and frustration of the previous moment dissipated with the views from the horrific living room.

Both of them walked rapidly out of the house, Siri laughing uproariously while Malik was able to maintain a bit more decorum and was only chuckling at the paintings. They didn't even bother going through the rest of the house, just too amazed by that front room to even bother.

"Okay, on to the next," Malik declared, nodding to his guards who immediately moved into position, startling Siri as she entered the limousine.

Malik said something to the security guard, who looked stunned initially, then shook his head and opened the door to the car, all the while maintaining his perimeter search of the area.

"What did you say to him?" she asked as they were seated in the vehicle.

Malik shook his head slightly, an amused expression on his face. "I told him the house looked like a fat man's bordello."

She couldn't smother the laughter at his comment and since they were now out of the house, she didn't even try. "I loved the pink marble. Do you think that was to make the ladies more comfortable? Or to add a bit of romance to his day?"

Malik chuckled. "I'd hate to see that man trying to be romantic."

It felt good to laugh with Malik, Siri thought as they traveled down the road, heading to the next house he wanted her to see. The past several days had been so filled with tension and trying to avoid being caught alone with him, the absence of tension, even if it was only momentary, was extremely nice. She sat back against the soft leather seats with a smile on her face as she watched the countryside pass by.

"You haven't done that since I arrived," Malik said softly.

She spun her head around, looking up at him. "Done what?" she asked, her stomach muscles instantly tensing as her awareness of him came right back. She wanted to scoot away, to put just a few more precious inches between their bodies, but she didn't want him to know that she was aware of him. She was trying to pretend she was indifferent to him, that she was over the attraction she'd had in the past.

Unfortunately, as he looked down at her, his heat seeping into her arm and leg, she didn't think he was buying her act. She watched as his eyes dilated and she thought he moved slightly closer, but wasn't sure and didn't want to test it.

"What are you talking about?" she asked, trying to sound more confident and unaffected than she was.

"You haven't smiled. Except when Jacob or Samuel does something like put frogs in your fridge."

She had to laugh at the memory now that she wasn't surrounded by scary, jumping blobs.

"You were trying to protect me that night, weren't you?" she asked, chuckling at the memory now that it was in the past.

"All I heard was your scream. I had no idea what the threat was."

A giggle escaped her and she covered her mouth with her hand. "So you ran out naked, slammed me up against the wall. Where on earth had you stored that knife?" she asked through her laughter.

"I always carry a knife. Who knows when I have to protect a damsel in distress?"

"From frogs," she finished and the laughter just couldn't be stopped. She let it roll and was actually holding her stomach when the laughter finally subsided. "Oh my! Could you imagine if that scene had been recorded? All those frogs jumping around, my kids trying to protect me from you who are ten times their size and you standing there naked with a knife. What a chaotic mess!"

"It was cute," he replied and leaned back but the smile on his face told her that he'd found the memory just as humorous. "I'm impressed that both boys are so protective. Of you and the frogs although Samuel might need to rethink his priorities. It shows they will both be good leaders."

That reminder sobered her instantly and she looked away, pretending to watch the trees pass by outside the car but in her mind, she was scared for her boys. For what might be in their future. "Promise me that they'll be okay."

Malik took her hand in his and gave her a reassuring squeeze. "We'll work this out together. I'll teach them how to survive and they'll thrive. Trust me," he replied.

Siri shivered and couldn't look up at him. Trust was the problem, she thought. She didn't trust him. She had at one point and he'd broken that trust. She didn't want to even try to trust him again for fear of being hurt.

Luckily, the driver pulled into another driveway at that point, relieving her of needing to reply.

The next house was better, but had no furniture in it. The lines were more elegant, less ornate and much more to Siri's liking. It was still much bigger than she would prefer. And much too empty.

As they walked through the house, she tried to step away from Malik because each time he touched her, she wanted more. She wanted him to pull her into his arms and kiss her but she had to remain firm in maintaining her distance. "Why isn't a realtor here to help walk us through the houses?" she asked after he touched her back to lead her through one of the rooms.

"The realtor made all the arrangements with the owners but she went ahead. I wanted to view the houses with you alone instead of being bothered by a chatty woman trying to sell us something that we didn't like."

Siri nodded her head, but was nervous about being in a house without anyone else to distract them. She would much prefer a chatty lady who would at least be a diversion. "This is nice," she replied, pretending to look around, but there were just very large rooms with large windows and no curtains. The carpets were cream, the walls white, the foyer a white marble. The kitchen had white cabinets and tan, granite countertops with top of the line appliances. "This is large."

"And white," Malik said out loud.

Siri nodded, and tried to step away from him, needing a bit of space. She moved around the counter, just to breathe a little bit of non-Malik scented air. She remembered that scent, remembered how much she'd loved it. She'd always breathed in his cologne as soon as he'd pulled her into his arms after a long absence and she'd just close her eyes and savored the feeling of having his muscular arms wrapped around her, his scent filling her senses and the anticipation of him taking her into his bedroom and making love for the rest of the night.

She was older now. She couldn't just fall into bed with this man. Thankfully, there weren't any beds in the house!

A fact which should make her feel better, but the total absence of anything made her much more nervous. Her imagination was doing things, like wondering what it would be like if Malik simply picked her up and placed her on the kitchen counter. They'd never made love in the kitchen. She wasn't even sure if his previous penthouse had a kitchen since it was entirely possible that he ordered in from whatever restaurant sprang to mind. There had always been food delivered, but where it had come from, she had no idea.

"Let's look around upstairs," he said, his voice deep, becoming husky.

Was he feeling the same thing she was? She wondered what she would do if she needed to get away from him. Would he stop if she said no?

She was being ridiculously silly. Of course he would! Malik wasn't the kind of guy who would rape a woman. He was kind and gentle. A liar, but still very gentle. He'd never hurt her before.

It was really her own reaction that she should be concerned about. He would stop if she told him no, but when had she ever been able to tell him no? Once he took her into his arms, she wasn't capable of saying anything. Well, there were a few things but Siri didn't think "faster" or "please" would keep her safe from his lovemaking.

She walked up the stairs, painfully self conscious that he was s right behind her. She actually thought about putting her hands behind her, just to block his view of her derriere. She didn't want him thinking about the past and how he'd bent her over his bed, entering her from behind with his hands on her bottom. The feeling had been incredible from that angle and she could feel her body heating up just from that memory.

"Let's look at the smaller rooms first," he suggested, his voice echoing in the silence of the house, the sound vibrating off the walls and coming out stronger. There was nothing to absorb the sound so any noise traveled without hindrance, making her cringe at the sound.

"That's fine," she replied and turned to the left instead of the right. She definitely didn't mind his suggestion, not wanting to enter the owner's suite alone with him. Not that she would be sleeping in there anyway. Not with him at least.

She looked in the first room, a large, airy room with hardwood floors and more white walls but the windows would let in a lot of sunlight. "This would be nice for the boys," she said, trying to find anything to say to ease the awkwardness of the silence. "They would love to have the hardwood floors to race their cars along. Although they might scratch the surface. They play pretty hard lately and they're going to get worse as they get older and stronger." She knew she was rambling and tried to stop herself, but she was just too nervous.

"I wouldn't worry about that," he replied, leaning against the door jamb, watching her flutter from closet to closet, then inspecting the bathroom. She even looked in the cabinets and he almost chuckled at her nervousness.

His body was already reacting to her cute bottom sticking up in the air and the charming blush creeping over her soft skin. The blush told him that she was feeling exactly the same way he was, but wishing it were otherwise.

He wanted her, no doubt about it, but he wanted all of her. And soon, he'd get her. He wanted her in his bed, in his home and pregnant with more of his children. This time, he wanted to see her body swell with his child, her breasts enlarge with the milk that would nourish the babe. He thought she was sexy now, he couldn't imagine how incredible she would look once they started having more children.

He wanted to grow old with her and share more memories together. He'd have that, he just needed to convince her of his commitment.

"Let's keep on going," he said, needing some sort of distraction to keep himself from thinking about wrapping his arms around her and feeling her softness press against him.

"Okay," Siri replied and followed him down the hallway. She peered into the other rooms, not very interested since, if they chose this house, they wouldn't really use these bedrooms for anything. She really had no idea why he wanted such a large house anyway. Except for the yard, she supposed as she glanced outside one of the bare windows. There really was a great deal of land surrounding this house. She had no idea that there were even houses like this so close to the city with so much land but she supposed that, if one had the money, they could buy anything.

"Is there a reason we need eight bedrooms? We'll only be using three of them, won't we?"

Malik looked down at her. "The boys will be in the same bedroom, won't they?"

She focused all of her attention on the laundry area, pretending to be fascinated by all the cabinets in that area. "Yes, of course. It's a good idea to have the laundry facilities on the same floor with the bedrooms. It will be easier to get the clothes where they need to go." She didn't really care where the washer and dryer were right at this point. All she cared about was ensuring that Malik understood that she would not be sharing his bed.

They were walking into the owner's suite when he spun her around. "Don't even think that you and I aren't going to share a bedroom, Siri!" he declared, his strong hands holding her wrists, pulling her close enough that she could smell his subtle aftershave.

"We aren't going to share a room, Malik. We aren't sleeping together again."

He couldn't help it when she spoke like that. She'd thrown down a challenge and he wasn't one to just let something like that pass by him. He'd always been competitive, but having her say something like that was the equivalent to waving a red flag in front of a raging bull. "You think so?' he asked, his voice soft and his body already aroused, not just by her challenge but by being with her all day.

Malik's voice was gentle, but she could sense the rising anger. "Malik, let's be sensible about this," she said, trying to placate him. "We're not meant for each other. We tried four years ago and you chose someone else. If we were right for each other, then..."

"You'd don't know all the details about four years ago. Don't make declarations on only half the knowledge," he commanded, leaning forward. "But even more important, you can't claim you don't want me, Siri."

She frantically shook her head, praying she could push him away if he came any closer. But already, her palms were itching to touch him, to feel him. "I don't. You have to accept that!" she said, frustrated that she sounded so breathless and weak. She pressed her hands against the wall just to make sure she didn't reach out and do something stupid, like touch him. She was becoming weaker by the moment as he came closer to her, his heat warming her body and filling up her senses. She wanted this man, but she had to fight this attraction. She'd gone through the hurt and betrayal once before, she couldn't do it again.

"Why do I find your denials not ringing true?" he asked rhetorically. He pulled her closer. "I think you're lying to both of us, Siri."

"I'm not," she whispered, her eyes dropping to his mouth, watching with frustration and anticipation as it came closer. Her mind told her to pull back, to show him with actions what she was saying with her words. But her body, so desperate for his touch, ignored her brain once again. Why she was so weak where this man was concerned was beyond her, but she couldn't seem to pull away.

And then his mouth touched hers and she didn't want to pull away any longer. She wanted to press herself against him, to feel his body's reaction and revel in the power she had over this man. "Don't do this again," she pleaded, begging him to have the willpower that she couldn't seem to muster.

"I must," was his only response before he covered her mouth with his own. He wanted her so badly and she was here, willing and soft and warm and lovely. He wanted her like he'd never wanted any other woman, was anticipating her body's welcoming heat like a drug addict needed the next fix.

When his hands traveled from her arms up to her shoulders and pulled her closer, she shivered in his arms and that was all the declaration of her submission he needed. He wanted her, she wanted him and they were alone. He pulled her hard against him and when her arms wrapped around his neck, his own hands dropped to her waist, sliding down to her adorable bottom that he'd wanted to touch so badly while walking up the stairs moments ago.

She'd been taunting him with her walk and she didn't even know it. He pulled her closer, needing her complete surrender and when he got it, he lowered her onto the carpet, his hands slipping under her clothing to feel her soft skin once again.

He kissed her deeply, absorbing her moans into his mouth and feeling her rise against his hand, her heart racing as he pressed his hand against her breast. He lifted up slightly and looked around, astounded that he was actually making love to this woman in an empty house. One that wasn't even his. Yet!

He pulled her clothes off, uncaring of what was around him, which was nothing but hers and his discarded clothes at the moment. And a wall of windows where anyone could look into since there weren't any curtains.

He didn't care. She was underneath him and writhing with her own need and he succumbed. Pulling her slacks off, he quickly came back down to her, covering her nakedness with his body. And when his clothes hindered him, he stood up and ripped his own clothes off.

She didn't stop him. In fact, when he lowered himself to the floor, covering her once again, she opened her legs, just as eager for his invasion as he was.

"Tell me you want me," he ordered, holding his body above hers, looking down at her, seeing the sweat against her own brow and feeling the impatience, the urgency of her body. Watching her, seeing her body flushed with the heat of her own need and he almost gave in. But he needed the words. Wanted to hear her say it. She'd denied it too often over the past two days and he needed those words for some reason.

"I want you," she almost screamed out, her body pressing against his. "Please don't make me wait!"

She'd said it, and she couldn't take back the words! With exultation, he moved against her, his body pressing inside hers and feeling her tightness close in around him. This had never felt so good, so right!

He didn't slow down, wouldn't let her hide. He pounded into her, showing her with actions that she'd been lying to him. "You're mine, Siri," he said as he watched her face, moved in and out of her, pressing himself deeper and feeling her clench around him. He almost lost it but he was determined to show her that they were perfect for each other. And he also wanted to ensure that she couldn't deny their attraction to each other any longer. If this was the only way to get through to her, then he'd use it. And they'd both enjoy the journey!

When he felt her shudders start, he couldn't help but let his own body find fulfillment. He'd been a day without this woman, without feeling this incredible heat and passion and that drove him harder. She was like an addiction, he thought. One he wasn't going to ignore or even fight. In fact, he'd use it more and more to convince her that they were meant to be together.

As Siri came back down to earth, she couldn't help but marvel at what an amazing lover Malik was. Not that she had anything to compare it to, but she heard other women talk about sex with their partners and she couldn't contribute. They would laugh at how inept their husbands or lovers were, how insensitive. But Malik was incredible, damn him! He knew exactly where to touch and how to move to drive her crazy.

"You're not having your own room, Siri," he growled as he bent low and kissed her neck. "We're sleeping together, and that's final."

Chapter 9

Siri watched in wonder as Malik stepped out of the limousine and approached the house. She'd been with him for a week in the new house and she couldn't believe how messed up she felt. She was so in love with the man she could barely think at work. Her desk was piled up with actions she needed to take, orders she needed to review and she found herself fantasizing about him all the time.

They'd purchased that house last week, the one where they'd made love on the floor in front of the windows, and Siri couldn't believe how quickly he'd made things happen. She was living in the house now, with a decorator quickly filling up the space and adding color. Jacob and Samuel loved all the open space, the new play area they had in a small, fenced in area of the back yard and the play room filled with new toys and different games to play. There were so many different toys for building from Legos to blocks and even some sort of rubber beams that would help them build forts. She'd love that material so much, she'd added it to her inventory and it was going to be the front cover specialty for the Christmas catalog.

And they especially loved having a dad that came home to them every night, played with them, showed them how to do different things and taught them endless new ideas. The part they loved the most, he never ran out of answers for their questions. After dinner, they would climb onto his lap and ask him questions or they would sit on the floor and play with their toys and their curious minds would come up with the most amazing ideas, all of which Malik encouraged and helped them to channel in positive ways.

For a man who hadn't known the twins existed a month ago, he'd certainly risen to the job of being a father with amazing speed.

The boys' large bedroom had been the first for the recently hired decorator to furnish and she'd added a wonderful surround of sports and animals. She'd sat down and talked to Jacob and Samuel, asking them what they wanted on their walls, what kinds of animals they liked, what sports and any kind of secret places they might want. The result was a mural of a jungle scene on one wall, a desert on another and a loft type sleeping area with a "hideout" below where they loved to hide from their mother.

The master bedroom had been the second area to be tackled and the decorator done an outstanding job of creating an elegant, but sumptuous room with masculine colors and feminine touches. Not that Malik noticed. He was with the boys until their bed times and then he'd pull her into his arms and make love to her until she fell asleep. She had no idea what he was doing after she fell asleep, but he was gone by the time she woke up in the morning.

Which made things a bit more difficult for her, she thought as she rushed out for work each morning after giving instructions to the new nanny and tutor. Siri wanted to talk to Malik about various issues but he wasn't around to discuss them with her. And when he was, he wouldn't let her talk much, having other plans for their nights together.

As much as she'd objected to a move to a new house initially, she had to admit that life was a whole lot easier now, and in ways she hadn't expected. There was a fantastic nanny who watched over the boys and both of them loved her, eagerly running to greet her each morning after breakfast to find out what she was going to teach them during each day. Apparently Malik gave her instructions but he was very considerate about talking to Siri about those decisions as well, making her feel as if she were a part of the decision making process, when in fact, he was pushing the agenda.

For some reason, Siri wasn't overly concerned with this since he explained why any particular lesson was needed and how it would all fit into their overall lessons. She loved him even more for his patience with her questions and helping her understand why he was doing certain things. She hadn't expected that of her and his explanations eased several of her largest worries. She didn't feel like she was losing her boys but instead, she felt like a part of their lessons. After they finished with their nanny, they would eagerly run to her and snuggle with her while telling her all of the amazing things they'd learned during the day.

There was also a very efficient housekeeper who kept the entire house immaculately clean, expertly laundered and pressed their clothes and also made sure that there was a nutritious dinner on the table when it was time to eat, with lots of vegetables snuck into the meal. The boys had no idea that, along with their macaroni and cheese, they were also getting loads of tofu and cauliflower. Their pancakes were loaded with carrots and zucchini and so many other nutritious foods, that even Siri wasn't sure what was in them. Siri loved the food and the boys thought it tasted better than the original. Go figure, she thought one night when the boys devoured a meal with hidden broccoli.

Malik walked into the house and Siri's heart swelled with love for the man when she noticed his eyes immediately looking for her, and then noticed his shoulders relaxing when he found her in the front room, obviously waiting for him. His long legs quickly devoured the space between the front door and where she was standing so when Malik reached her, she was already bracing for his kiss, and the shivers that sent her body into overdrive. Some day, she hoped to grow used to his warm touch. It was still such a shock to her system whenever he came close.

"I have some bad news," he replied and looked down into her now worried eyes. "I have to fly back to Duban. I have to pave the way for the boys to be accepted as my sons. But it won't be a difficult trip, I promise."

That made her stomach clench with fear. Back to Duban? He hadn't been her long enough this time! Her mind flew back to the last time he'd left her and she couldn't repress the fear that welled up inside of her at the idea of losing him once again. "Is that going to be a contentious trip?"

"No. I've already sent DNA samples back from their hair and I've openly declared them to be my sons. It's just a formality now. And some legal issues that need to be finalized."

Siri stepped back out of his arms, a cold terror coming over her. "When do you have to leave?" she asked, not wanting to hear the answer, wishing he could just stay here with them, never going back to the country that had taken him away from her before. She was being selfish, but couldn't help it. It was almost like she'd lost him already.

He could see the fear and withdrawal in her eyes and wasn't sure how to reassure her. He suspected that the only way to get her to trust him was to follow through with his promise to bring all three of them back with him once these legalities were finalized. "Tonight, unfortunately. The sooner I leave, the faster I can get this cleared up and come back to get the three of you."

Siri had heard these words before. She'd seen the worried look on his face that last time as well. It had all happened four years ago and she hated the idea of him leaving them. There was something wrong and he wasn't telling her what it was. Just like the last time. And four years ago, he'd gone home and ended up married to another woman.

"You'd better get things cleared up then," she said with as much equanimity as possible. She knew something was wrong, but she also knew that he kept things close to his chest, dealing with the problems and leaving her out of it. He thought he was trying to protect her but he was only frightening her more by leaving her out.

"I'll hurry back," he said and started to pull her into his arms.

Siri stepped back, not willing to let him touch her when she knew something wasn't right. "I'll see you when you get back," she replied, crossing her arms over her chest and looking away.

"You don't have to worry about anything, Siri. The boys are taken care of and I won't abandon you again."

She looked up at him, but couldn't reach his eyes, stopping at his chin instead. That was as far she'd go under the circumstances. She forced her face to mimic a smile, but she knew she was pretty short of the mark. "Good luck," she replied.

A part of her was already packing up their clothes, getting ready to move back into her little cottage which she'd never given up even though he'd tried to convince her to sell the house so he could invest the money for her. Part of her had always known that it would come to this. Her sons were her life and she wouldn't let them be hurt. Not even by their father. Which was why she'd held on to their previous home, needing the security of her cottage to feel more in control in case anything might happen.

"Have a good trip," she said with finality.

Malik watched her carefully, trying to understand what was going on in her mind. He wanted so badly to convince her to marry him but he couldn't figure out why she was pulling away so suddenly. He had a large diamond ring in his pocket that he'd been carrying around for several days, wanting to see it on her finger, to know that she was his and only his. He wanted visible evidence of her commitment to him, but the time had never seemed right recently. He'd hoped to put it on her finger tonight, wanting her promise to him before he went back to Duban. He'd already told his advisors of his intent to marry Siri. They knew about his sons and were thrilled that the question of his marriage and heir was resolved. All of them were completely on board with his plans and excited about meeting Jacob and Samuel, although they'd tried to convince Malik to change their names to something more traditional. He'd only laughed and overrode their requests.

Now he had to finish up a few details and then they'd be his family, officially and irrevocably.

So what was holding her back? She'd come willingly into his arms every night for the past week. She'd been more passionate than before, demanding all of him and not holding anything back herself. And he'd been more than willing to give it to her, thrilled that the woman he remembered was so passionate and sexy. Damn he wanted her in his arms right now, he wanted to bury himself in her one more time, just to feel her heat wrapping around him and one more chance to show her that they were perfect together.

He'd thought he'd loved her before, but that was nothing compared to how he felt about her now. He couldn't imagine life without her now. She and the boys were such an integral part of his world already and he wanted to bring them all back immediately. He resented the legal issues he needed to resolve before bringing his family to his home but it was just one more of the obligations he faced as leader of Duban.

With a sigh, he bent down and kissed the boys, closing his eyes and holding them both close to him and enjoying their enthusiastic hugs.

"I'll see both of you soon," he said with emphasis. "Don't drive your mother crazy!" he said sternly.

"What if I have a question for you?" Sam asked, his chubby hands touching Malik's cheek.

"Then ask your mother if you can call me. Or you can text me anytime you want and I'll get back to you with an answer."

Jacob seemed concerned. "What if we don't agree with your answer?" he suggested, his eyebrows drawn together over his worried eyes. "We might need to understand more or...."

Malik instantly understood that they weren't concerned with questions, they were more concerned with when they were going to see him again, but their toddler minds were wrapping around a more pressing issue instead.

He did his best to reassure them, squeezing them gently to show them that he understood their worries. "Then we'll discuss any questions or disagreements you have as soon as I can give you a call back. And I'll make sure that my advisors know that you three have top priority in my daily schedule so they won't turn away any messages you might have, no matter how small. Okay?"

Jacob considered this and finally nodded his head in agreement. "Deal." He even stuck his little hand out to shake it but Malik chuckled and pulled him into his arms for another hug. Samuel went right along with Malik and Jacob, smiling over Malik's shoulder as he enjoyed his hug from their newly discovered father.

Standing up, he looked at Siri. He wanted to hug her, to kiss her and make her cling to him like she had during the previous several nights. But her body language was clearly shouting for him to leave her alone.

He started to walk away, trying hard to respect her overt signals for space. But he only took a few steps before he stopped, cursed under his breath and spun around. He walked over to her and pulled her stiff body into his arms, kissing her and running his hands over all of her secret places only he knew about until she softened and kissed him back. And even then, he continued for several more minutes, enjoying her soft sighs and little moans she had no idea she actually made when he kissed her

He didn't stop until he heard Sam and Jacob giggle off to the side. Only then did he lift his head and look down into her soft, beautiful features and nod his head in approval. "That's better," he declared.

With one more peck, he turned around and headed back out the door, determined to get the business out of the way so he could officially bring them all back to Duban and marry that annoying, confusing, beautiful and sexy woman. He wanted everyone to know that she was his woman and they couldn't touch her for any reason. And his boys were the most amazing little creatures. He'd never known that boys could be so fascinating and curious and interesting to talk to. He never tired of their questions, continuously fascinated by how their minds processed their world.

He had obligations though and he had to focus on those in order to make his family whole again. He'd never allow anything to get in the way of his world like it had four years ago. He knew now that he should have done things differently in the past, not given in to his father's pressure and found a better way to solve the problems of the country rather than marry his ex-wife.

With determination, he slipped into the back of the limousine and ordered his driver to get him to the airport in half the time. At this point, he didn't even care if he broke the traffic laws. He just wanted to be back here as fast as possible so he could take his family home and make that woman his wife. He wanted the world to know that she was his and no one could mess with her. And he wanted to know that she would be in his bed every night with her warm smile and gentle heart.

Siri watched with a sinking feeling as the beautiful limousine quickly pulled away, the back tires skidding as the driver sped away from the house as fast as possible.

She didn't understand Malik's motivation today and she really didn't understand why he was so frantic to get away from them. She would have sworn that he loved being with the boys, and she definitely enjoyed having him around, even though she'd fought it hard at first. Besides, he never hesitated to pull her into his strong, secure arms, but maybe she again was just a convenient outlet for his desires. The man was certainly passionate. Perhaps he saw the boys as an unexpected obligation on top of so many others he was constantly burdened with. Or maybe he just had sex with her as a way to secure her feelings towards him so he could claim the boys as his own.

No, she didn't think that was the case. He was too solicitous of her opinion and seemed to genuinely want her advice or perspective. If he were going to take the boys away, she suspected he would start to pull away from asking her opinion versus increasing her involvement. Not that she would let him, anyway.

As she stood there by the window, the tail lights of his vehicle slowly fading away, her heart felt like it was a lead brick, and sunk further into her stomach. Why couldn't she figure this man out? Why was he so complicated? And why, why, why did she have to fall in love with a man like him? Why couldn't she have fallen for someone normal and boring? Someone who wouldn't have to fly halfway around the world just to reach his home? There were wonderful men, probably right down the street? What was it about Malik that she just thought was so special?

She heard the boys in the background and pulled her worried eyes away from the large, sunny window. There wasn't anything to see anymore so it was pointless now.

It was the middle of the afternoon and she had several urgent issues still to finalize at work. She didn't have time to think about Malik and why he didn't want to be around them. She thought her boys were pretty amazing so it was his fault that he didn't want to experience each day with them.

Siri picked up both of her excited boys and gave them each a hug and a kiss, then headed into the office Malik had set up for her to work in. This was definitely nice of him, she thought as she rounded her beautiful, shiny wooden desk that was absolutely perfect for her needs. Lots of drawers, a wide area for her computer and monitor not to mention a state of the art sound system that allowed her to play whatever music suited her mood. He was definitely generous, she'd give him that. But to what end? She fingered the files she needed to work on while she puzzled through possible scenarios, but in the end, she couldn't guess what Malik's end game was, other than taking her boys from her, which she absolutely would not allow!

The boys would be finishing up their afternoon classes with the nanny soon and she no longer had to worry about dinner, which was a glorious freedom since she sincerely disliked cooking. Maybe she could take the boys to the playground for a while, get their minds off of Malik's departure. They hadn't been outside in the sunshine very much lately due to a more rigorous school schedule and several rainy days, so this would be a nice change. She didn't mind the increased lessons since the boys were absolutely loving the additional information, sucking up any new lesson like little sponges.

Siri looked down at her cluttered desk and gritted her teeth. She would have to focus if she wanted to get all these issues resolved in time. She worked steadily through the rest of the afternoon, resolving several outstanding problems by refusing to let her mind wander, especially to try and figure out Malik's motivation. She worked hard until the boys came running into her office. She then determinedly shut down her work computer and gathered up all the play stuff they would need in order to have a good time at the playground. Playing out in the sunshine, running along the green grass with Rover and Boy while they chased balls, pushing Jacob and Samuel on the swing and laughing as they raced up the ladder for the slide was exactly what she needed to get her mind off of the depressing events of the afternoon. These two boys were the right antidote for any kind of depression she thought as the three of them walked back to the car hand in hand, the boys chattering about their rambunctious activities while the dogs kept reaching up to lick a cheek or nudge a hand for some attention.

The next few days followed the same pattern and Siri was amazed at how well they worked their days around their new schedule without Malik. If she had to force herself to focus at times during the afternoon because she caught herself fantasizing about a tall, handsome sheik who was missing, she'd just push herself harder to get more done.

The only exception to their routine was when Malik called each night. They boys loved talking with him, telling him all that they'd learned with their new nanny that day and asking him questions to show her the following day that they were on top of their lessons. Her teachings were filled with various animals, different countries of the world, cultures and Siri was amazed at how the woman snuck in geography, all of which the boys just loved, their little minds grasping concepts that others wouldn't probably understand until they were much older.

She was so emotionally distraught over Malik's departure that by the time his phone call arrived, she was barely able to tuck the boys into bed before she fell asleep herself. She wanted to stay up later and talk with Malik, to ask him questions and find out how things were going in Duban or just finish up her own work, possibly get ahead of the curve that she'd felt she'd been under lately. But she could barely keep her eyes open, the emotional stress wearing her down.

One night when he called, she'd just tucked the boys into bed and brushed her own teeth. She was climbing into bed when her phone rang and she instinctively knew it would be him even though this wasn't the time he generally called her in the evenings. She tried to smile, but she was so painfully tired she could barely press the button to answer.

"How are you?" he asked, his voice strong and vibrant and Siri was jealous that he could be so wide awake while she continued to feel so painfully exhausted.

"Tired," she claimed and yawned so she couldn't say anything more.

He hesitated while she finished her yawn before continuing. "What did you do today?" he asked, his voice brusque as he tried to determine why she was pushing him away. Each phone call was becoming shorter and shorter. She claimed exhaustion, but he'd seen her running her business and running after those two boys before and she hadn't acted like this at that point. Something was wrong, he thought as he tried to come up with something that would inspire conversation.

Siri thought his tone was becoming impatient, but she wasn't able to focus enough to make a determination. "Oh, we received several large orders at the office and had to rush the distribution. So it's been a good week so far. What about you?" she asked and closed her eyes, curling up in the bed they'd shared for just over a week before he'd left. Had it only been two weeks since he'd come back into their lives? So much had happened, her whole life was different now.

"What about you?" she asked and snuggled down into the large pillows that were placed behind her on the bed. It was a decadent feeling to slide into a bed that she hadn't made earlier in the day. She still wasn't used to someone taking care of the house for her, but it was definitely something she could enjoy while it lasted.

He started to talk, but she kept yawning so she only heard about half of what he said. "That sounds good," she replied, but wasn't really sure if anything he'd said was good, bad or horrible.

There was a long pause and Malik finally asked, "Siri, are you okay?"

"Of course," she replied, smothering another yawn. "Why do you ask?"

"You seem a bit standoffish. I want the old Siri back."

She should be angry at his comment, but she was just too tired. She snuggled deeper into the pillows, pulling a soft, fluffy blanket over her legs because it was just too much effort to get under the covers. "Sorry. I'm not sure why I'm so tired. I'm not normally like this, am I?"

She heard the frustration come through the phone with his tone and tried to sit up, but the pillows were just too comfortable. "Maybe it's the weather."

"How are things going over where you are?" she asked, trying to sound more upbeat, but it was a huge effort to just form the words. All she wanted to do was close her eyes and fall asleep, not to be disturbed for about ten hours.

"Things could be better," he said with a deep sigh. He thought about the petty squabbles his advisors were having about his wedding to Siri and stifled his irritation since it wasn't productive. Some wanted a huge affair that would take months to coordinate; others wanted a fast event that would show the world that they accepted his new wife unequivocally.

Either way, the wedding was going to happen and they were all excited about welcoming Siri and the boys into their world and helping them to assimilate into the Duban culture. It was just taking longer than anticipated to temper their excitement and get down to the details. "There's lots of arguing and ridiculous things to work out. But we'll get there."

Something in his tone alerted her to a problem and she roused herself enough to ask, "I thought you'd be back by now. I hope things aren't going poorly. There's no question about the boys, are there?"

He heard the worry in her tone and wanted to reassure her quickly. "None at all. Everyone is thrilled that an heir is already in place." He chuckled as he said, "They were worried about my virility, if you can believe it."

Siri had to laugh at that and it felt good. She'd been so tired and tense lately that even the smallest laugh felt wonderful. "I can attest to your....abilities, if they have any questions."

He chuckled at her teasing choice of words, some of the tension leaving him as he heard her laughter once again. "I'd like you to be testing my abilities right now."

"What? No little harem women hanging about to entertain you?' she joked, but the idea of him having a harem was extremely painful.

"You're my only harem woman. And I can guarantee that you'll be dressing up for me in some sexy, skimpy outfit with lots of scarves that I'll rip off that luscious body of yours. You will definitely be entertaining me when you get here. I need lots and lots of your special brand of entertaining." He said it with that sexy, deep voice of his that never failed to make her stomach do a flip flop.

"As long as I can entertain you my way."

"Any way you want will be fine with me."

"Any way?"

"Absolutely."

"What if I want to watch television?" she teased.

"Then you'll be watching television while I ravish your body!" he growled.

Siri laughed and then smothered another yawn.

"You're falling asleep on me. Am I that uninteresting?"

She couldn't help but laugh again. She loved the teasing, not used to this from him. He was usually so stern and officious unless he was playing with the boys. But even then, he took all of their questions so seriously. She really liked this new side of Malik. It made him much more human and approachable.

"So when are you coming back?"

"As soon as I can come back and bring the three of you back here. There are just a few more details that need to be worked out."

All the tension came right back and she rolled over to stare out into the darkness of her bedroom windows. "Any details I need to be aware of?"

"Nothing really. Just irritating arguments that don't make any sense in the larger sense of this situation."

Siri didn't like being referred to as a "situation". She wanted to be the center of his life and to make him happy the way he always did for her and the boys as soon as he walked into a room. Being referred to as a 'situation' sounded bad.

"Well, I'll let you go so that you can resolve those situations," she replied tartly. Her fatigue was really starting to get to her. "Sorry. I'm just tired. I'll talk to you later, okay?"

"Okay. Sleep well," he replied, smothering his frustration, and hung up the phone.

Siri turned off her own phone then slid down into the soft, silky sheets, tears coming down her cheeks as she thought about all the things she really wanted to say to Malik, but hadn't had the courage. And none of those things had to do with television, situations, politics or arguments with his advisors, which were probably about her and what a promiscuous woman she was to have had children out of wedlock. She'd heard about these men and how they viewed women. They were probably trying to think of some way to get the boys without the mom.

She fell asleep vowing that she'd never let anyone take her children away from her.

Chapter 10

Half a world away, Malik angrily walked down the long, ornate hallway, not aware of any of the elaborate decor that surrounded him in the magnificent palace, or the ancient history of the structure. All he cared about was getting back to Siri and the boys, of bringing them here so they could be a family without all the silly issues to deal with.

Last night's call to Siri had disturbed him and he worried that she was changing her mind about coming to live with him. He had to marry her, he had to have her in his life. There was no other woman who suited him like she did and he wouldn't allow anything more to slow this wedding down. No more conversations about the best way to bring his family home and how she might or might not take any inadvertent slight if the ceremony went one way or another. He was disgusted that he'd allowed the debates to go on this long when the woman he loved was too far away for him to care for and protect, much less understand. It was past time he put his foot down and firmly explained how this wedding was going to move forward. Better to leave them out of his marriage now since he wouldn't allow any of their interference later on. His personal life was no longer a topic for debate.

Inside his council house, his advisors were already assembled, all of them excitedly discussing their ideas for his wedding. But as soon as he walked in, silence descended.

He sat down and glared at the men along each side of the table, ensuring that each of them understood his frustrations. "I spoke to Siri last night and this is what I'm going to do..." he said. Not a single person argued with him and within an hour, all of them stood up to carry out their leader's orders, eager to welcome their queen and future kings. Not another argument, not even a suggestion. When Malik spoke, they followed. He'd led their country out of a potentially violent civil war with very little bloodshed, had united their tribes and had demonstrated that, through his leadership, their country could be a powerhouse in the world. They would follow him through hell if he requested it and now all of them wanted to be able to say that they had helped to bring his bride to their sheik's home.

Five hours later, Malik was on his private plane, flying back to Siri and his sons, the only indication that he was concerned was the blank expression on his face. The more serious the expression, the graver the issues he was facing. Right now, with the thought of losing Siri, his face was a complete, blank mask.

Siri laughed as Jacob climbed up on her lap and gave her a sloppy kiss. "What was that for?" she asked, pulling him close for a hug.

He shrugged and snuggled into her lap, making himself comfortable. "You seemed sad. You always give me a kiss when I'm sad so I gave one back!" he grinned up at her as if he'd worked through something miraculous.

And in a way, he had done exactly that. He was sweet and wonderful and she'd been stomping around in a grumpy mood for the past two days. She wanted Malik back, but not if he didn't want them. And they were a package deal. No separation, no sporadic visits. She wasn't losing her kids!

And if he wanted her, he'd better prove it because she wasn't feeling it lately. She was only feeling tired and exhausted and just plain old grumpy and mean.

"Do you think daddy will be back today?" Sam asked, climbing up onto the other side of her lap, pushing his brother out of the way to make room for himself.

"I don't know honey. We need to give daddy some time to work through the issues he has to face. We can't pressure him."

Jacob sat up and looked out the window. "He's home!" he called out and clumsily scrambled off of her lap.

Siri looked out the window, wondering what he'd seen that would make him jump up like that.

Sure enough, Sam was quick to follow his brother and both little guys were out of the room like bullets! They raced through the house and pulled open the front door. Siri was right behind them, but she could barely catch her breath for some reason and her two guys were out the front door before she could stop them. She was terrified that, in their exuberance to see Malik, they would run out in front of the vehicle and be hurt.

But she should have known better. As soon as she reached the front door, she looked out and the body guard who had been standing sentry by the front door was holding Sam under his right arm and Jacob under the left, both of whom were grinning from ear to ear as they watched the long, black car pull up in front of the house.

Siri bit her lip as Malik got out of the car. She was worried that he would be angry with them for running out of the house but it was really her fault for not being fast enough with them. And she hadn't locked the front door like she normally did, even going so far as to have a lock installed on the top of the door just for this kind of instance. They were fast and getting faster, so she had to ensure their safety.

"It was my fault Malik," she quickly intercepted him, trying to keep him from scolding the boys.

"What's your fault?" he asked as he looked down at both boys who were at his feet, grabbing his leg on both sides and demanding that they be recognized as well. "You're home!" they both cried out, wiggling in an effort to be lifted into his arms.

Malik didn't hesitate. He bent down and lifted both into his strong arms, nuzzling each on their little necks until they were giggling bundles of movement and happiness. "Have both of you been minding your manners?" he asked and nodded when they told him that they had been very good.

Malik turned to the guard who had caught them and nodded. In response, the guard bowed deeply and Siri was shocked to see evidence that Malik really was a king. He'd said that her boys were princes, but she hadn't made the leap that he was also royalty. Good grief, she thought, she had so much to learn.

Or maybe she didn't. She looked back at him warily, bracing herself for whatever news he might be bringing. Was he here to tell her that he was heading back alone? She had to be prepared for anything with this man. She'd gone through hell the last time. She wouldn't be mentally unprepared again.

"How are you?" he asked as he carried the boys into the house.

Malik looked at her carefully, noticing the dark circles under her eyes and the fatigue that made her shoulders droop with exhaustion.

"You look tired. Did you not sleep well last night?" he asked gently as they entered the house.

"I am."

"Are you eating okay?"

"Yes." She was actually irritated that he would ask something so ridiculous. She was a grown woman. What business was it of his if she ate well or decided on pizza morning, noon and night? She bit her tongue though, not wanting his homecoming to be marred by her bad mood.

Malik looked down at the boys. "Would you mind if I had a private word with your mother?" he asked, but his voice was firm, indicating that it wasn't a request. "Go find Laura and see if she can dig up some information on crocodiles. I bet I can come up with more facts about them than you can," he said.

The boys both looked up at him, their eyes wide with excitement. "Crocodiles?" they echoed. Comically, Sam and Jacob looked directly at each other, then back up at their father, then the two of them raced out of the living room as fast as their little legs would carry them.

When both of them were out of ear shot, he turned back to Siri. "Okay, what's going on?" he asked, his hands on his hips as he glared down at her.

"Tell me you're not married," she whispered, the fear almost choking her.

At her question, Malik finally understood what she'd been thinking these past few days and his body relaxed. He pulled her closer, his arms wrapping around her stiff body. "I'm not married. Yet."

She shoved out of his arms and glared up at him. "What do you mean? If you tell me that you're engaged to another woman, so help me Malik..."

"I'm engaged to you, Siri." His voice was soft, but firm, not trying to tease her in any way because he finally understood why she had been so stressed while he was away.

Those weren't the words she was expecting to hear so when he said them like that, just as a statement of fact as if it were a fait accompli, she could only stand there in front of him in stunned silence.

"We're engaged?" she whispered, too afraid of believing him. Had she misunderstood?

"Yes. We're engaged. We're getting married the day after we arrive in Duban. You're going to...."

She interrupted him by raising her hand to stop him. "Hold that thought," she said and quickly ran out of the room and into the powder room off the hallway. She was so embarrassed when she slammed the door shut and then emptied the contents of her stomach into the toilet, heaving over and over again.

When she was finished, she felt a cold towel press against her forehead and she slid against the wall, grateful for the support. "Thank you," she said quietly and closed her eyes, waiting for the wave of nausea to ease.

"Were you that worried about what was going on?" he asked gently as he knelt down in front of her.

She thought about it for a few moments, and then nodded her head. "I was terrified to read the newspapers and I wouldn't even log onto the internet, afraid I might see something. That's how I found out about your first marriage." He picked her up and carried her to the sofa in the living room, holding her there while she laid her head on his shoulder. She was too weak from the bout of nausea to fight him. And by now, she didn't want to. The words, "I'm engaged to you, Siri" kept running through her mind, a dream that was too precious to believe in yet.

He nodded his head as well and pulled her close, his fingers tangling in her hair. "I know you haven't wanted to hear an explanation, but I think it's time we finally talked about what happened so you can understand why I got married that weekend. I want to assure you first off that it wasn't my choice and if I could have done things differently, I would have. I loved you back then, but I'd been with you so much during the time we were together, I'd become out of touch with what was happening at home. I went home that weekend and was told about an uprising in the north of my country. My father was furious that he was being cornered in that way and ordered me to marry the daughter of the tribal leader who had instigated the rebellion. She and I met for the first time the same day we were married."

Siri's whole body tensed, but that brought back the nausea so she forced herself to relax back against his warm chest. "So you weren't engaged before then?"

"I was never engaged to her. Ever! I only wanted to marry you. Please believe me, Siri. You have been the only woman I've ever loved and even my ex-wife knew that I wasn't emotionally involved with the relationship. It wasn't the cause of the breakup, but it definitely didn't help."

"Why didn't you?"

He looked down at her pale face, confused by her question. "Why didn't I what? Love her?"

She didn't even bother to shake her head, afraid of the consequences to her stomach. "No. Why didn't you marry me four years ago?"

"I wasn't sure how you felt about me. You were still in school, so smart and beautiful. You had so many plans for what you wanted to do with your education and marrying me would take all of that away. I wanted you to be happy more than I wanted to marry you."

"Why?" She couldn't look up at him, but she snuggled against him more, her nose pressed to his warm neck and smelling his wonderful scent.

"Honey, you can't have a career and be married to me. I wish it were otherwise, but there are too many obligations. Especially in the business you're in, there would be implications of favoritism."

"You mean someone would try and buy my favors by going through my company to order their toys?"

"Exactly."

She thought about that for all of two seconds. "Okay. I'll sell it off. I know exactly who should have first chance at it too," she said, thinking of Joe and his efficiency, his dedication.

Malik looked down at her, trying to determine if he understood her correctly. "Are you saying that you're willing to give up all that you've worked for to be my wife?"

She smiled up at him. "I've done the career part, Malik." She took a deep breath and forged on, determined to be brave and honest with him. "And I didn't like life without you."

"I hated being married to that woman, Siri. You're the only woman I ever wanted by my side."

"Why did you marry her then?"

"My father ordered it. And I didn't have time to figure out an alternative before the wedding. I was cornered and it took me all this time to work a solution for the tribes in the northern area of the country to get along without the marriage. My ex-wife and I both worked hard over the years to make sure that any kind of separation between us wouldn't impact the peace. She's a good woman, but not the one for me. Only you are that woman."

She ran her fingers over his arm, feeling the hair against his warm skin and loving him even more for all of his dedication. "I can't believe your ex-wife was willing to give you up."

He shrugged and looked down at her. "She wasn't really into me," he explained diplomatically.

She thought about it for a moment, and came up with the right explanation. "She was a lesbian?"

"Yes."

"So that's why you didn't have any children with her?"

"Exactly."

"She was an idiot," Siri replied, leaning her head against his shoulder weakly.

He laughed softly and squeezed her shoulders. "She would have loved you!"

Siri smacked his thigh, but there was no force behind her movement.

"I'm sorry you were so worried about what was happening," he finally said. "Do you want to move anywhere? I'm fine with you right here, just trying to figure out what's going on with you lately."

Siri smiled and shook her head. "No. I'm fine right here."

He nodded his head. "How long is this going to last?" he asked.

Siri thought about it for a moment and then tensed.

"What's wrong?" he asked, feeling her body change and becoming alarmed.

"Malik, remember that first night we were together?"

"Yes."

"Did you happen to use a condom?"

He stilled as he thought back to that night. "Yes. Hell," he cursed quietly. "It might have broken. I wasn't sure and completely forgot to mention it."

She laughed and put her hand on his chest. "How soon is the wedding?"

"As soon as we get back to Duban. Everything is arranged which is what took me so long to get back here. I wanted everything ready so you couldn't wiggle out of the ceremony."

"Would you mind terribly if we left maybe this afternoon?"

"Are you telling me...?"

"Yes. I think we're going to have another little one running around whatever palace you're going to make us live in."

Malik picked her up and hugged her gently, careful not to upset her stomach again. "I love you," he said as he kissed her gently.

Epilogue

Malik strode down the hallway, his steps eating up the distance between his office and the gymnasium. His aide had just whispered in his ear and he was rushing to stop imminent catastrophe.

He heard their words before he reached the room, but he hurried even faster, wary of any of them demonstrating their skills.

"Stop!" he commanded as soon as he entered the room.

Four sets of eyes looked over at him, all of them wary and all wondering why he would be discouraging the use of their combat skills when he'd taught them so well over the past several years.

"Danika, get off Jacob immediately," he said, then turned to see his other two children. "Samuel, you may not put your sister in a head lock!" he ordered.

Siri rushed into the room, already out of breath herself. She'd obviously received the same message and was here to stop her children from hurting each other as well.

"Good grief," she whispered as she noticed Jacob glaring at his younger sister and Samuel looking smug as Lila brushed herself off. "What's going on?"

Malik turned so his back was facing his four children. In this way, Siri was the only one to see his amusement. "Our children decided they were ready for real combat and thought they should fight to the death here."

Siri glanced around, her mouth hanging open slightly in horror. "Danika! You're three years old! You cannot fight to the death at three years old!"

Danika humphed and looked at her sister who was a year older. "Lila started it. Samuel said he knew more than she did so he said he could win."

Malik's shoulders shook and she glared back at him as well. "You're actually to blame for this!" she snapped at him, her hands on her hips, not appreciating any of his amusement when her children were about to harm each other.

He shook his head and approached her slowly. "How am I to blame?"

"You're the one who taught them all their moves. And gave them the confidence to believe they could actually fight to the death! Don't even try that innocent look with me. You know exactly what you've done."

Malik turned back to his children, keeping a stern expression on his face. "I don't ever want to hear any of you joking about fighting to the death with each other. Your combat skills are only for emergency and protective situations."

"We weren't really going to fight to the death, dad," Jacob said as he stood up. "We only wanted to teach them a lesson."

"I'm the only one who can teach this. Now go back to your studies and don't let me find you in here again without supervision."

All four children stood at attention and bowed, appreciating that they were supposed to respect their black belt master before exiting any room. Siri had to smother her own smile as she watched their efforts, knowing that Jacob and Samuel would never hurt their sisters. They were overly protective of them as it is, but she'd panicked when she heard the message and was only now realizing how silly her fears had been.

Even Danika and Lila wouldn't do anything to hurt their brothers, thinking the boys walked on water. As she watched, Jacob elbowed Danika, whispering that she'd done a good job. And Samuel was holding Lila's hand as he led her out of the gym. All was well with her growing family and she sent up a silent prayer of gratitude for all of the wonderful gifts she'd received.

Malik walked over and put his hand on Siri's growing stomach, waiting to see if he could feel his next child move for him. "How are you feeling?" he asked gently.

She chuckled and moved to one of the benches to sit down, accepting Malik's assistance as she carefully lowered her pregnant bulk down. "I'd feel a whole lot better if my children weren't so competitive."

He laughed softly and sat down beside her, leaning against the wall as he released the tension that had accumulated after he'd received the message that his children were fighting each other. "You're beautiful, you know," he said and took her hand in his.

"You're pretty handsome yourself," she came back. "I love you."

He chuckled and moved closer, putting his arm around her protectively. "You can say that after what we just witnessed?"

"You've given me so much, including those little hellions," she sighed and pressed her cheek against his chest as he pulled her close. "I love you for all the little things you've done for me."

"I'd like to give you more jewelry," he commented, noting that she wasn't wearing any gold or diamonds with her blue dress that draped over her beautifully pregnant figure.

"You've given me something better than jewels," she came back. "You've given me treasures beyond measure."

He looked down at the woman he'd loved for so many years and smiled. "You've given me a great deal as well."

