Chapter 1

[Brianna Stewart stepped out of the cab while smoothing the embarrassingly clingy fabric down over her hips. She balanced carefully, not used to the four inch heels that were already making her feet ache. She handed the cab driver some money, making sure to not bend over too far. The ridiculously expensive dress she'd bought for tonight's mission didn't have a great deal of fabric in the tush area. It was an uncomfortable circumstance, but necessary to capture her prey. "Thank you," she said sweetly to the driver. "Have a good night."

At least it wasn't a cold night, she thought, trying desperately to find a silver lining to her crazy adventure. The late fall weather meant that the humidity had left the air, but it was an abnormally warm autumn this year. Thankfully, the night air still hadn't cooled down to the point where she'd need a coat. It was coming though. She could smell something in the air, could feel the warmth moving out of Washington, D.C. and wool coats would most likely be coming out very soon.

The cab driver looked into the soft, green eyes of the beautiful woman and hesitated. "Are you sure you're going to be okay?" he asked, not sure that this gentle lady was prepared for what went on inside this particular nightclub. He'd never been in there himself, but he'd heard rumors. It wasn't open to the public and only the very elite knew of this place. It was where the wealthy of the world came to play and they partied hard inside the benign looking edifice.

Brianna warily looked up at the building, then back to the cab driver. Was she okay? She could honestly say she'd never been more frightened in her life. But fear was not going to deter her tonight. Turning back to the worried looking driver, she forced herself to smile brightly. "I'll be fine," she replied quickly, more to reassure herself than the cab driver. "But thank you for asking."

With that, she turned around and took a deep breath, not sure what to do next. The building didn't look like a decadent nightclub patronized by the bored and fabulously wealthy. In fact, it looked like just a normal office complex, although it was very elegant.

"Coeur Tombe?" a tall, previously hidden man asked.

Brianna looked in the direction of the voice, startled to hear anything at all. The darkness seemed to be abnormally quiet tonight. "Yes," she replied, relieved that she was in the right place after all. She'd been expecting a long line of people trying to get into the club, begging a heavily muscled bouncer for entry. The streets were empty and she'd been wondering if she'd gotten her information wrong.

"This way," the man said and opened the door, pressing a button that was hidden behind something on the cement wall of the building.

A moment later, a pair of doors opened up and a warmly lit elevator appeared. She stared at the interior for a long moment, her heart racing and her mind telling her to run down the street to a brightly lit diner where it was safe. Instead, Brianna stepped through the door and took a deep breath. Looking around, she noticed only one button instead of the normal series of buttons that would take her to the various floors of the building. The strangely silent man pressed that button and the doors closed. She was startled, not sure what the button might be for. It almost felt like he was signaling someone but that didn't make sense. Who would he be signaling?

She found out a moment later when the elevator doors opened up again and she tentatively stepped through the next doorway. Instead of the peaceful, hesitant quiet of the night air outside, she found herself enveloped in a pulsating, throbbing darkness interspersed with flashing neon lights and a thick, blue and green mist rising from the floor.

As soon as she took a few steps forward, the mist enveloped her legs, adding a sense of mystery to the eerie atmosphere. She looked down, astonished to discover that she couldn't see her feet any longer.

So this was the fancy nightclub everyone was talking about, she thought as she stepped through the doors. There wasn't a cover charge at the door like she was expecting. There wasn't a big, beefy guard standing sentry. But there were probably hundreds of people, all glammed up and writhing on the dance floor. Several waitresses were walking by with neon colored cocktails held high up in the air and there was a bar on each side at the front with a well-lit backdrop, luring customers to the multiple bartenders where drinks were being served up with astonishing speed.

Her eyes took it all in, her mind whirling at how insane the whole atmosphere seemed to be. She took several steps forward, wishing desperately that her best friends, Nikki and Rachel, were here with her now. It was always terrifying to be alone at a bar, but this was beyond frightening. This was....mind numbing. Nikki would look at all of this insanity and make some joke; Rachel would grab her hand and squeeze it gently to give Bri some encouragement. And then the three of them would find a corner, grab some drinks and make up silly stories about the other patrons. When the three of them were together, Brianna always felt invincible and had since the first time they'd met back in elementary school. They were alike and yet so completely different from one another. Their personalities complimented each other, while their fears, hopes and dreams connected them almost closer than sisters.

But Nikki and Rachel weren't here, she told herself firmly. So she squared her shoulders, and dug deep inside of her to find some strength. In fact, her friends didn't even know she was doing this. She'd kept her mission to herself, afraid Nikki would try and talk her out of it or Rachel would demand to come along.

This wasn't a girls' night out. Tonight was all about work, about breaking out of her comfort zone. She had a job to do and she had a limited amount of time in which to accomplish her mission. She had to do this on her own. As a reporter, she had been floating along, content with covering weddings and garden parties or any other society piece her editor handed out. If she had any chance of escaping the wedding circuit and being considered a real reporter, she had to take risks. She had to get out of her comfort zone and find some breaking news, something that would stun the newspaper readership and her editor with the incredible impact of her article.

She was tired of the snarky little comments about her work from the other reporters in the newsroom, teasing her about how she wasn't a real reporter. Her editor wouldn't give her anything but fluff pieces no matter how much she begged for something more substantial. He repeatedly told her that she was good at those stories and should stick to what she did well.

So if she could just get one story, one fabulous report that would show her editor, as well as everyone else, what she could do, she would never have to report on the billowing folds of a wedding gown or the tantalizing curve of a tulip again!

This was her chance. And she was here tonight to hunt down her prey - none other than the elusive, illustrious and disgustingly wealthy Rocco Antoniv. He was currently in town, and Brianna was determined to reveal the real man behind the charming, suave billionaire. She'd been at his press conference earlier that afternoon, gritting her teeth as she watched him answer questions and charm the more hard core reporters with his wit and jokes. Sure, he might be an astonishingly handsome man with black hair and that scary, dangerous Russian allure complete with a sexy accent that probably sent shivers throughout other women's senses. Not hers though! She'd been immune to that charm and sex appeal and his accent didn't do a thing for her!

Okay, she might be lying just a tad. That accent had caused some flutters in her stomach every time he'd answered a question, but she'd just told herself it was indigestion.

She'd watched him carefully during the press conference earlier today, trying to understand his personality and give herself insights into his true nature. He was taller than the average man, but not scary tall like so many people asserted. Of course, she'd been in the back of the conference room and hadn't been able to compare the man to another person since he stood on the make-shift stage, but he hadn't seemed abnormally tall. As for the "buffness" everyone drooled over and talked about? Who knew? He was wearing an expensive suit that looked nice enough, but she had no clue if the man underneath the clothes was muscular or just thin and well built.

He did look impressive, though. He displayed charm and humor, answered all the reporters' questions with intelligence, and controlled the room with ease. No one left offended and everyone seemed to think they "knew" Rocco Antoniv.

But she'd seen something in his eyes, something hard and unyielding. Even from a distance. As he answered questions about his latest project, she'd watched him carefully. He was hiding something. She just knew it!

There was more to this man than he was revealing and she was going to be the one to break it to the world.

She'd seen it in his eyes while he was talking to the others. There was something more to the reason he was here in Washington, D.C. - something he wasn't telling the other reporters. And they weren't seeing it because he had them all convinced he was just in town for a routine museum opening.

Okay, so it was his museum! And it was possibly the most impressive museum she'd ever seen besides the Smithsonian. The extraordinary pieces he'd donated were astonishing. Although he was only in his mid-thirties, clearly he had used his financial and business acumen to acquire not only wealth, but also many significant historical pieces. She'd researched his path to billionaire status and it was quite breathtaking. The man was ruthless in business, merciless about buying up one company after another and incorporating their products or intellectual property into his empire. Everything served a purpose, every purchase, product, or deal was another piece in the puzzle. When fully assembled, those pieces formed a truly impressive and multifaceted picture.

But she just knew that there was more, that something big was happening. She could tell by the look in his strange, golden eyes, he was up to something.* The museum opening was just a front.

She suspected that he was out to buy yet another company. And if that were the case, she was going to warn all the workers as quickly as possible about his eventual takeover. The man had come from nothing; the earliest records of him showed that he had been an orphan in Voronezh, Russia. Somehow, when he grew up, he had started buying up companies there, multiplying his wealth exponentially every year. No one could stop him. He came in, bought up a company that was hurting, fired half the staff and pulled all the others into his massive corporation.

If she could warn just a few of those people, then they wouldn't be floundering to pay their mortgage next month. She had a duty as a reporter to not just report the news, but to help others with the information on which she was reporting. She'd seen firsthand what horrors could be wrought when someone didn't have anything to live for. Her father hadn't been able to handle life after her mother died of cancer and he'd lost his job. She'd only been five years old when he'd decided to take his own life versus....she stopped her mind from going down that path. She couldn't think about her father tonight.

To that end, she found herself here, in this crazy nightclub where the women were showing more skin than they were covering. Men and women were writhing to the obnoxious music and drinking alcohol at a rate that would put her in the hospital if she were ever to try it.

As she looked around, her entire body was tense, feeling abnormally insecure and self-conscious. She desperately wanted her friends here. Just someone to talk to or, at a minimum, help her feel less conspicuous. She looked around and felt like she was wearing too much clothing even while she was painfully aware of how short her dress was and how much it revealed. She would never be caught wearing something like this if she thought she would run into anyone she might know.

"Can I buy you a drink?" a man said, leaning close and blocking out some of the irritating neon lights.

Brianna jumped slightly and moved away from the leering man, irritated that he would even dare to approach her. Men simply didn't do that to her, so she wasn't sure how to react when it happened. Men hit on Nikki and Rachel all the time. Nikki was the pretty one while Rachel was the sexy one. Nikki was the one men approached, asked out. Rachel was the one men ogled as she walked by with her red shoes and a smile that challenged men. Brianna, on the other hand, was the quiet, mousy girl who preferred reading a good book to glamming it up and hitting the town. Nikki never noticed any of the men trying to get her attention. And Rachel simply ignored most of the men who panted after her. Nikki was too busy barreling through life to notice silly things like men and Rachel couldn't be bothered, too intent on her job and her clients. Well, and her wonderful husband now.

Brianna shook her head, trying to keep herself in the present, remind herself that she was just as strong and capable and she had a story to hunt down. "I'm fine," she told the stranger, trying to step around the still-leering man.

"Where are you off to?" he said, trying to block her path. "Let me get you a drink, we can dance and get to know each other."

Brianna looked into his dark eyes and cringed. He was already plastered from alcohol and probably something more potent, she suspected. "I'm looking for someone," she told him with what she hoped was a polite smile, yelling over the music that went from one vibrating, irritating song to the next.

"You've found me!" he joked.

Brianna considered just smiling so she could get rid of him, but she was too irritated with him now. "I've really got to find my friend," she told him and, with a firm hand, pushed his arm out of her way. When he grabbed her arm, she was already anticipating his move and her fingers twisted quickly. She might be naive and scared about this new adventure, but she definitely wasn't a wimp! Nor was she about to allow a stranger to take liberties with her!

The man's hand, which had been about to grab her butt, was now twisted painfully in her hand and she looked down at him with that same, polite smile. "I really don't want to be touched right now. But if there's ever a time when I want to be mauled by a chauvinistic pig who has nothing better to do with his time and money than to sniff it up his nose, I'll give you a call, okay?"

The man nodded, his eyes revealing the pain caused by her grip.

"Good," she said sweetly and moved off into the crowd, forgetting about the irritating man completely as she searched out her prey.

Rocco watched from his vantage point as the man shook his fingers while the beautiful woman walked away. He chuckled at how easily she'd evaded what might have become a very awkward situation. He was also impressed that the stunning brunette hadn't been even slightly impressed with the young man who was reputedly worth more than one hundred million dollars, although Rocco doubted there was that much left in the young man's trust fund.

Most of the women here tonight were either celebrities or trust fund recipients themselves, or lovely little mercenaries trying to get their moment of glory by selling their voluptuous bodies to someone from the first group. There wasn't really anything different about this nightclub and many other social gathering spots, although the two groups of people here tonight might be more avaricious in their motives.

He'd spotted the brunette the moment she'd walked into the nightclub, his eyes captured by a figure that was slender, yet round and lush in all the right places. She looked soft and full, while the other women around him and on the dance floor obviously starved themselves throughout the week so they could fit into their tiny outfits on the weekend. The other women in the club probably lived off of diet pills and coffee; this lush beauty was supple and curved, although definitely not fat. And as opposed to the other women in the room, she didn't appear to have purchased her curves from a surgeon. In a word, she was naturally exquisite!

Just then, an emaciated blond with enormous, barely covered breasts draped herself over his arm and ground her hip bone against him through the thin material of her dress. He pulled away, signaling to the waitress for another round but stepping away from the group. He wasn't here for pleasure, but even if he was, the blond with the fake breasts and the anorexic figure wouldn't have interested him.

His eyes went right back to the brunette, captured for a long moment, entranced by the way she carefully, almost delicately, walked around the nightclub. She looked like a fairy, he thought. She just needed a pair of wings and maybe some star dust and she would be perfect.

He shook his head and pulled his eyes away from his delicate, fairy-woman. He wasn't here to find a woman. And she was unquestionably out of her league. The men in this nightclub might be attracted to her because of her beauty, but they would eat her up because of that almost glowing aura of innocence surrounding her.

Besides, he was here to get something done. He had to find his friend and get the next piece of their plan in motion.

He scanned the club, keeping his eyes away from the beautiful brunette. She was lovely, but also a distraction. Perhaps if he could get his work done...

He left the idea mulling in his head as he caught sight of the person he needed to meet with. When their eyes caught, he nodded slightly, receiving the same indicator back. Shifting in the opposite direction, he moved over towards the bar, ordering a vodka straight up and leaning back against the rail while sipping his drink.

"Everything in place?" he asked when the other man approached.

There was a slight nod in the darkness. "All set on my end. Do you need any help with your part?"

Rocco rolled his eyes. "Be serious," he laughed.

The other man chuckled. "Simply trying to help out an inferior partner," he came right back.

Rocco, laughed softly, not taking offense. In his mind, it was the same friendly banter he and this man had shared since their college days. They carefully went over the issues they didn't want to be written down or seen by others on their staffs, setting in motion a plan that could be dangerous if everything didn't run smoothly. When they were finished, Rocco was convinced the plan would work, but it would be risky. "Just don't forget the time table," Rocco replied, knowing this was the last time he would see his friend until it was all over. "The pieces of the plan only work out if the sequence and timing are perfect."

With a nod, the man agreed. "Everything will be fine. Talk to Phillip Jordan. He'll get the rest done."

Rocco tried to keep his eyes on the dance floor, but they kept straying to his fairy-woman. She had stepped up to the end of the bar. "You trust him?" Rocco asked, his eyes darting around the room to ensure that no one was catching this conversation. The entire plan would fall apart if word got out that the two of them were together tonight.

There was a flash of white teeth, noticeable only because of the neon flash at that particular moment. "Not at all. But he knows what to do. And I have backups in place in case Jordan backstabs us."

Rocco looked at the man's black eyes, working through the whole process in his mind. "Fair enough. I'll be on standby." He took the paper that was handed to him and slipped it inconspicuously into his jacket pocket.

With that, the two men separated. To a casual observer, the two were merely greeting each other as strangers. But Brianna snapped picture after picture of the two men, even digitally catching the paper as it was exchanged. She had no idea what was on that paper, but the way it had been surreptitiously transferred between the two men told her that it was very important.

She had to get a glimpse of that paper, she told herself with determination. Her heart was racing so hard she had trouble breathing, but she couldn't let her nervousness stop her. Brianna suddenly knew that this was the story of a lifetime.

She moved over to the bar, trying to figure out how to get close enough to hear what the two men were saying and was instantly handed a drink by the bar tender. "What's this?" she shouted to the man above the painfully loud music.

"From the man," the handsome bar tender shouted right back.

Brianna's eyes lifted, moving towards where the bartender was pointing and her heart leapt into her throat. It was the man! It was Rocco Antoniv!

When his eyes captured hers, she thought she might actually have stopped breathing. He was only a few people away from her now. Seeing him from a distance earlier this afternoon, she'd thought he was an extremely handsome man but with him this close, she just about passed out.

Oh, no, that's from lack of oxygen, she told herself and took a deep, gasping breath.

She wasn't a big drinker, but in this case, she needed both the prop to help her look the part she was trying to play tonight as well as the liquid courage from the alcohol.

And then he started moving towards her. The breath she'd taken a moment ago was lodged in her throat and she felt her knees begin to tremble. Hopefully this sophisticated, gorgeous and very...oh my! As he came closer, she tilted her head backwards, trying to keep eye contact, but the man was just too tall!

Um...and terrifying.

Brianna suddenly realized where her mind was going and she put the brakes on those thoughts. No! She wasn't intimidated by this man! She was a tough, hard hitting reporter. She'd been comfortable in her role for so long, she'd forgotten what a real challenge was like! She had to do this.

With that in mind, she lifted her head back and stared right into his eyes, daring him as she'd seen other women do.

"I'm Rocco." He took her hand in his, felt the trembling and was shocked. Rocco watched her carefully, realizing that this woman was not a member of the idly rich scene that normally would hang out in a nightclub like this. Of course, nor was he. Idle, that is. Rocco didn't have time for night clubs and the irritating laziness that seemed to be part and parcel of the crowd which frequented this scene. But he read people easily and he knew that this woman, this lovely, nervous and gentle woman was not used to being in an environment like this.

If the lushness of her figure had not clued him in, the trembling in her hand certainly would have. He might intimidate other women, but they were experienced enough to dull their nerves with alcohol. This tiny woman delicately took a sip of the drink he'd bought her instead of gulping it down. He almost chuckled when she tried to smother her cringe at the taste. He suspected there was a great deal of alcohol in the drink. The bartenders at this establishment knew that patrons who were more inebriated were less tight with the cash as the evening progressed.

"What's your name?" he prompted when she simply stared at him.

Brianna continued to stare up at the shockingly handsome man, trying to get her brain to start working. Unfortunately, she was stumped by his question. This was an easy one most of the time. She looked at him, looked down at her drink and shook her head slightly. When it finally came to her, she brightened. "Bri!" she gasped.

When the man chuckled, Brianna felt her face flame up and was eternally grateful for the dim lights of the club. "So you're named after cheese," he said softly, moving slightly closer as her inability to hide her feelings piqued his interest. "Interesting."

She shook her head, trying to figure out why she felt like she'd just said something funny. "Brianna," she stammered, feeling like a ridiculous school girl on a first date. She could do this, she told herself firmly. She had to! The man she'd been hunting tonight had walked right up to her so there was no excuse, no room for failure. She had to get this story!

With that in mind, she looked back up at him, her mind shifting from nervousness because she was inappropriately attracted to the man and moving into a "professional journalist" mindset. Or trying to. He was a bit too close and he smelled...delicious. Shaking her head, she focused on his eyes instead of how wonderful and spicy he smelled.

"So Rocco," she said, trying to think of all the movies she'd seen where women picked up men in bars. "What are you doing here tonight?"

Rocco saw the transformation, realized what she was doing and could almost read her mind. She might be shockingly beautiful on the outside, but inside, she was adorable. There was no subterfuge with this woman. She might be here looking like every man's dream woman, but she was ready to bolt out of here at the earliest opportunity. Rocco loved beautiful women and he was fascinated by mysteries. This lovely brunette stimulated both his body and his curiosity. A powerful combination to a jaded womanizer, he thought as his eyes sharpened on her pretty, green eyes.

"Besides talking with a beautiful woman?" he replied, amused by her obvious line. She was even more stunning closer up and he was intrigued by the transformation that had just happened. "Would you like to dance?" he asked.

Brianna was stumped. First of all, she didn't know how to dance and secondly, the idea of those strong, large hands touching her was actually frightening. "You just bought me this drink," she replied, swallowing as she tried to come up with another reason why they couldn't go out onto the dance floor.

He almost laughed at her obvious attempt to avoid dancing. "I'll buy you another later," he said and started to take her hand.

She panicked and came up with the first thing she could think of. "I don't really like this song," she said, almost yanking her free hand back and hiding it behind her back. She smiled tremulously, but she could see the amusement in his eyes.

He leaned forward slightly. "We'll wait then. How about if you come up to my table?" he suggested. "The music is a bit less overwhelming there."

Brianna thought that was a perfect idea. "Lead the way," she replied, smiling brightly.

Rocco put a hand around her waist, his fingers touching her lightly but Brianna's nervousness still increased. Even in these ridiculous four inch heels, she didn't come up to his chin. She didn't like feeling small! She liked being tall and strong but somehow, this man made her feel silly and all girly. She wasn't a girl! She was a journalist! She was tough and strong and completely non-girly!

They approached the stairs and he swept his hand, indicating she should precede him. Brianna gripped her drink in one hand while taking the bannister of the spiral staircase with the other. With each step, she was painfully conscious that his eyes were just about level with her butt which, in her mind, was not adequately covered. She tried to race up the staircase, but the steps were too precarious and she had to move slowly so that she didn't trip on her own feet and fall on her face. That would really be embarrassing! And how easy would it be to get the story if she was too humiliated to even talk? So she walked up carefully, trying to pretend that she didn't mind him looking at her butt and reminding herself that many of the women in here purposefully wore dresses that would allow intimate peeks while walking up the stairs.

When she reached the top of the stairs, she spun around, worried that he might have gotten one of those peeks. As he came level with her, she looked into his eyes, trying to gauge how much he'd seen, her hand unconsciously moving to tuck her dress against her skin. A bit belatedly, she realized, but it was instinctive.

"You have beautiful legs," he said as his face came level with hers, his voice deeper and huskier.

Rocco stood there on the stairs, his body completely out of control as he looked into her pretty, green eyes. He wanted this woman. And it wasn't one of those languorous feelings of desire that slowly spiraled up inside a person. No, this was gut-wrenching, instantaneous lust. It was a pounding, painful, aching need to possess her body, to feel her writhing around him because of the things he wanted to do to her. He wanted to look into her eyes when he pushed himself into her heat and he wanted to watch her face as he took her to a pleasure that was so out of control, she couldn't even speak.

That need shocked him but he didn't back away from it. He wanted her and reveled in that feeling. It broke through the boredom that had been pestering him for a while. There was something special about her, a mystery that didn't add up. Perhaps that was all this was, he thought with increasing desire.

What was her story? He wondered long and hard as he took the final two steps that would bring him to the top floor. He didn't let her move away either. As he looked down at her, his hands trapped her while he pressed her gently back against the railing. The fascinating texture of her soft body pressed against his was startling. Never before had he felt so rocked to the core and by such a simple, relatively innocent touch.

Yes, he would have this woman, he thought silently. And he would find out why her eyes widened with fear and confusion whenever he touched her. He would learn why she looked almost taken aback by the desire he could see spiraling in her own eyes.

Once he'd solved all of her mysteries, this need would dissipate, he told himself. He just had to figure out what her secrets were. Why was she here when she was so obviously uncomfortable? Why was she putting herself through such a strange ordeal when she didn't like to dance, didn't drink and didn't like the music being played?

He suspected that she was here for some reason other than to pick up a man for the night. And the thought that she was here to spy on him occurred to him. Even if that were the case, he was more than prepared to be generous with her. He was always generous with the lovers he took to his bed. He liked them warm and willing, and he'd found that expensive baubles made them softer and more generous.

They all expected something, but he didn't mind. He expected something as well. And he was more than willing to explain exactly what he wanted from each woman. He wasn't into kink, but a warm, willing, adventurous woman was a delight in bed.

"What do you do?" he asked, bending low so he was speaking into her ear. He actually thought about nipping at the delicate shell of her ear, but pulled back. He suspected that this woman needed a bit more romancing before he could touch her as he wanted to. He'd take things slower than he would prefer, but he knew that his ultimate goal would eventually be realized.

"I'm a writer," she said, looking up at him through her thick, black eyelashes, wondering if he could tell she was lying. Technically, she wasn't really lying. She was a writer. She wrote about beautiful events that made people sit back and appreciate life. But she knew she shouldn't tell this dangerous, strangely attractive man that she was a reporter. Not simply because she wouldn't get her story. But there was something about him that drew her closer, a connection that she irrationally didn't want to lose simply because of her career choice.

"And what kinds of things do you write about?" he asked, moving closer when someone tried to move past him, his chest rubbing against her breasts.

She tried to think, but he didn't move back after the person passed by. That left her breasts crushed against his hard, muscular chest. Brianna wanted to run her hands against that chest, to feel the body heat and explore the muscles underneath the fine, cotton shirt. But instead, she gripped the railing behind her with her free hand while the other held her drink aloft, not allowing her palms to experience the bliss of discovering the secrets beneath his shirt.

"I write about gardens and flowers," she said slowly, her lips having trouble forming the words. Her eyes dropped to his lips, wondering if he was having as much trouble speaking as she was.

"And are you an expert gardener?" he asked, thinking perhaps she was a garden blogger or wrote books for a living.

Brianna had to laugh at the idea of anyone thinking she was an expert gardener. She couldn't even keep a cactus alive. "Not even in the loosest meaning of the definition," she replied.

His hand moved up and spun one of her brown curls around his finger. "So why do you write about flowers and gardening?"

Too late, she should have told him that she was a gardener, a blogger or just something along those lines. She'd actually created this whole persona for herself earlier tonight just in case he asked her personal questions. But she'd messed up and told him the truth. Now what was she supposed to say?

"I like gardening," she finally explained, which was true. She loved plants, wished she could grow something, anything! But most plants simply died on her for some reason. "I'm just not an expert at it. I write the words of other experts, helping them get their message out to readers."

He tossed her words around in his mind for a moment. "So you're a ghost writer?" he suggested and watched her eyes. He knew the instant she decided to lie and almost laughed out loud. She was so easy to read, but he didn't care that she was dishonest. He wanted her. That was the bottom line.

"Yes. I'm sort of a ghost writer. I listen to what people tell me and then create their stories in my own words." Whew! That was pretty close to the truth! She'd better change the subject, she thought silently. "So what do you do?" she asked.

The corners of his mouth turned up slightly. "Don't you know?" He took her drink and placed it on the nearest table since her hand was shaking too much.

She smiled and shook her head. "I know you're some sort of financier. Obviously, I've heard your name a few times." Wow! That was a whopper! Everyone in the newsroom was speaking his name. Along with some irritating sheik's visit to meet with the president, Rocco Antoniv's name was practically the only thing people were talking about lately. "But what you actually do on a day to day basis, I can't even imagine."

He reached up and touched her neck where her pulse was beating rapidly. "Well, I find a person who is interested in another person," his finger slid down her skin erotically, "or people who will work well together," his finger slid across her collar bone, "and I mesh everything so that it works out perfectly."

Brianna didn't miss his double meaning. She swallowed painfully, her eyes moving down to his lips. "That sounds...too simplistic..." she was going to ask another question, or maybe she was going to challenge him. She wasn't completely sure since his other hand moved up her back, causing her to gasp as heat traveled quickly through her body.

"Some things don't need to get complicated," he suggested. His hand moved along her waist, smoothing against the material of her stomach. "For instance, some things just need the basic instruments to work out perfectly. Adding anything complicated into the mix," he commented as his eyes dropped to her mouth, "only adds confusion and chaos."

She tried to take a breath, but everything inside of her was waiting breathlessly for him to kiss her. A part of her mind reminded her that she'd only met this man...a half hour ago? She was not here to be seduced. She was the one who was doing the tricking.

But nothing in her could have moved her body away from his touch. The man who'd accosted her when she'd first entered the nightclub had been good looking. The man she'd dated a few times last month had been handsome. But Rocco Antoniv, she was finding, was both of those things and neither. He wasn't traditionally handsome but the dangerous aura around him, the magnetic pull that drew her closer and wouldn't relinquish its hold, was shockingly powerful. There was something about him that pulled her closer, shutting off her mind. Dangerous for a reporter, but unavoidable nonetheless.

"I have to leave," she told him in a whisper, but she didn't even shift on her aching feet.

"You have to kiss me," he countered.

She gasped, her eyes moving from his lips to his eyes. "That would be dangerous," she whispered up at him. It seemed like they should be screaming at each other over the din of the music and other conversations, but she didn't hear anything other than his words, his breathing. Her mind focused only on this man and the way he was touching her.

"Kissing would be..." whatever she was going to say was gone as his lips touched hers. This was not a kiss. She'd been kissed before. Kissing was a mild, tender touching of lips, a pleasing greeting or goodnight. This was neither of those.

This was possession!

Brianna didn't have the experience with men to deal with this kiss. She couldn't counter the feelings his lips, and then his tongue, demanded of her and she shivered, but couldn't hold back. She was this man's captive, reacting to his mouth, whimpering with equal need as his hands pulled her closer, pressing her hips against his. She felt the hardness of his body, moved, shifted and struggled to get closer. She couldn't handle this, so she simply reacted as his mouth devoured hers in a demanding kiss that she felt all the way down to her toes.

She had no idea how long the kiss lasted. It could have been moments or hours. She'd completely lost the ability to gauge time, or even to think logically. All she knew was that this man, his touch and the hard body under her fingers, was her universe at the moment and she never wanted this feeling to stop.

He lifted his head and looked down at her, his eyes heating her up more than the bodies surrounding her. "Let's dance," he said. He didn't wait for an answer, simply took her hand and led her right back down the spiral staircase. When they reached the dance floor, there was yet another pulsing song but Rocco simply pulled her into his arms. The song that had originally felt like a rock/techno beat turned into a love song with his arms around her. He didn't give her an inch of space but instead, pulled her body against his, moving to the beat of the music, but there seemed to be a different song in her head. Her arms lifted languidly, wrapping around his neck while her body shifted and moved against his. Her mouth fell open slightly when his leg pressed between hers but, for some reason, she wasn't able to stop him. In fact, as the song progressed, she needed that leg, his strong thigh, those muscles....

She could barely breathe as his hands held her waist, inching ever so slightly higher until his thumbs were resting just below her breasts, his fingers on her waist. But she didn't want his hands there! She wanted, needed, his hands...higher. Her eyes looked up into his and she didn't even feel the crick in her neck from staring up at him. She was begging him for something she didn't really understand.

Gone was her mission for the evening. She was his to control and she loved his raw power, relinquished her own control to him, giving him whatever he wanted because it was what she wanted as well. She wanted to demand more, but wasn't sure how. She wanted to curl up into his lap and beg him to move to the next step, but her lips wouldn't move unless he'd commanded them to move.

And she was thrilled with all of it. Never had she felt so soft and feminine. Never had she wanted any man like she wanted Rocco Antoniv. She might not know him intellectually, but there was something about him that captured her, held her as his prisoner while he tenderly controlled her movements with his hands, his hips and his eyes.

"We need to get out of here," he growled. Taking her hand, he started pulling her along behind him. Brianna didn't want to leave with him, knowing exactly what he wanted from her. She'd never done that before, and yet, she'd never wanted it so powerfully.

"I can't do that," she whispered and her body was now trembling, both in anticipation and fear of what he wanted from her.

Rocco looked back down at her, saw the fear in her eyes and reacted to it. He wanted her with a powerful, painful desire but the look, the terror in her eyes stopped him. He touched her cheek, cradling her face with his hand and tamped down the lust until it was a resonant, throbbing pain deep in his groin. "Let's just leave here and talk," he suggested.

Talk. She mulled that word over in her mind. "I'd like to talk," she finally replied. "Talking is good."

Rocco nodded to a man Brianna hadn't even noticed standing on the edge of the dance floor. That man immediately nodded and lifted his wrist to his hand, just like the secret service agents on television tended to do. "Let's go," he said. He nodded only once to the man standing by the elevator and it was already open by the time the two of them reached the doors. They were able to walk right onto the elevator which immediately closed behind them.

Rocco looked down at the woman, her head was bent low and his stomach lurched at the confusion he saw in her posture. "Brianna," he said, lifting her head with a gentle finger. The confusion was even more evident in her green eyes and he kissed her tenderly.

She might be nervous around him, and her trembling indicated that was the case. But for his part, he'd never been this affected by a woman. He still wanted her, but he wanted her willing and passionate.

"Don't be afraid of me," he said, his voice low and husky. "That place is too loud and chaotic," he told her gently. He slipped his jacket off and wrapped it around her shoulders. "And I don't think it's really your scene."

Brianna smiled gratefully as she slipped her arms into the sleeves of his jacket. Immediately, she felt the heat from his coat surround her once again. It was different this time because it wasn't actually his body. But it still felt wonderful. She was more secure, more confident covered like this as well. He was so tall that his jacket was longer than her dress, coming down to the middle of her thighs.

"Thank you," she said, smiling brightly up at him. She clutched the jacket around her, something twisting inside of her at how gentlemanly he was being. It was strange, she thought. She'd never expected that this side of him existed.

"Will you have a cup of coffee with me?" he suggested.

Her smile actually brightened and she immediately nodded her head. "That would be nice."

The elevator doors opened and he led her out into the black night and straight into a waiting limousine, the driver slamming the door as soon as they were inside.

She shifted on the seat, not sure what to think or to do. Everything with this man seemed different than her other dates. Then she looked up at him and she caught something in his eyes, something that resonated within herself.

Rocco looked down at her, saw the instant her realization hit her and he groaned. All of his good intentions went out the door with that pleading in her eyes. She wanted him just as badly as he wanted her and he wasn't strong enough to stop himself. A split second later, he lifted her onto his lap and kissed her, his hands holding her close. There was only a small moment when she stiffened before he felt her curl into him, her body almost wrapping around him while her arms moved up to his shoulders. He felt her hands move from his shoulders to his hair, then back down again and he was lost.

His hand moved the jacket out of the way, sliding along her body over the clingy dress that he wanted to peel off of her extraordinary figure. She was so soft, so perfect, every part of her fit into his hands as if she were made for him.

Rocco realized that his driver had stopped and looked up, his mind slowly registering that they were at his home. Lifting her out of the car, he carried her into his house, kissing her the entire time. There was only one pause on the stairwell when her fingers touched his neck. He almost dropped her, so shocked by the lust that shot through him when her tender fingers touched him that he put her feet down, pressing her against the wall. His intention was to get a better grip on her but she arched against him, her legs shifting against his and his hand slipped down her bare leg and then slowly moved upward, his hand finding the delicate lace of her underwear, caressing her intimately.

Her gasp of surprise was almost his undoing. Lifting her into his arms once again, he didn't relent until he'd laid her down on his bed and even then, his mouth moved from hers down to her neck, nibbling as he slowly found the zipper on the side of her dress.

Brianna felt the zipper slide down her body and sighed happily as the tight material released its hold on her body. She stretched, arching up so that his hand would touch her...yes! Right there! She wasn't wearing a bra, no room inside the dress. And when his hand covered her breast, she thought she might just burst into flames right there.

Rocco had thought that the rest of this woman's body was perfect, but as he peeled the dress down over her hips and dumped it on the floor by his bed, his body heated up exponentially. He looked down, getting even more excited as he watched her nipples pucker under his exploring fingers.. Everywhere he touched, she sighed with pleasure or whimpered with need. It was driving him crazy, needing to possess her, to shower her with kisses and touch every inch of her skin to discover all her softness for himself.

Lifting up, he ripped his clothes off of his body, then came back to her, his legs moving in between her own. With one hand, he slipped down her body, exploring her thighs and her hip. When her legs automatically opened for him, he moved into place, his finger slipping inside her heat. When he discovered her wetness, felt her hips rise up to meet his hand and saw the way her mouth opened up as he invaded her body, he could no longer slow down. He reached over and grabbed a condom from his side table, sliding it over his body and then pulled her closer once again. When he slid into her heat, he couldn't believe how perfect she felt. It was like coming home and finding that it wasn't enough all at once. He felt a strange resistance, but wasn't sure what it was and he couldn't slow down enough to figure it out, needing to bury himself in her heat fully.

Brianna felt his invasion. For a moment, she was brought back to reality, shocked at what she was doing. But then his body moved against hers and all anxiety dissipated. She inhaled sharply when there was a brief moment of pain, but after that moment, she was too desperate, not sure what to do but needing him to do something, anything to ease this terrible, wonderful ache.

Then he did move and she thought she was going to scream. She lifted her hips, trying to adjust to his size and he shifted even deeper! She couldn't believe how full she felt, how perfect! It was as if she were finally whole, as if something had been missing all her life and she hadn't even known it.

She closed her eyes, pressing her lips closed as she tried to...nope, that wasn't going to work. She arched again, feeling her body strain closer, reaching for something, gasping as he pressed into her again and again. She heard strange sounds, but had no idea that those sounds were coming from her, that he was watching her from above and having trouble holding back. And then she felt something new, his hand down there and...she had no idea what was happening but the most incredible, intense and pleasurable wave washed over her and she held on tightly, unaware that her nails were digging into the muscles of his shoulders or that he was right behind her with his own climax.

She couldn't breathe but didn't care, couldn't feel anything but that shockingly intense feeling of pure bliss. She was floating, drifting on a wave of happiness so wonderful, she didn't even want to open her eyes, instinctively knowing that she didn't want reality to intrude on this moment. As she drifted off to sleep, she was only vaguely aware of the source of warmth leaving her, but smiled when it returned.

Rocco came back from the bathroom and looked down at the incredible woman sprawled out on his bed, her curls spread out on his pillow and all he wanted to do was make love to her again. He never stayed with a woman after sex. Hell, he never brought a woman back to his place for sex, always going to her place so he could leave afterwards. But he couldn't pull himself away from this woman. The thought flitted through his mind that he could go down to his office and work, or even use one of the other seven bedrooms in the house. He rejected both options and pulled the sheets over his lovely lady, pulling her against him. He reached out and turned off the light, smiling in the darkness as Brianna curled up against him, her delicate hand smoothing across his chest.

He liked this woman, he thought suddenly. He didn't really know her, had barely even spoken to her, but he instinctively liked her as a person.

Rocco was just about to close his eyes, to rest for only a moment while enjoying her softness against his side, when something suddenly occurred to him. It was so startling, he almost jerked with the realization that Brianna had been virgin! He'd felt the resistance, had seen the flinch in her face but had been too overwhelmed by the need to bury himself inside of her to take a moment to understand. He hadn't ever been with a virgin before, and was astonished that someone as lovely and sexy as Brianna hadn't ever been with another man.

Damn! The smile that formed on his face in the darkness was only a mild reaction to what he was thinking. Inside, he was feeling on top of the world and he pulled her even closer against his side, feeling both protective and possessive. He'd give her a few minutes to sleep, then would wake her up and start the whole process over again. Much slower this time around. Much more thoroughly too.

Chapter 2

Brianna sat up and gasped, looking around in the darkness as the horror of what she'd actually done penetrated through her sleep-muddled mind.

She looked down and saw the man sleeping on his stomach. His hand reached out, automatically reaching for her since she'd just knocked it off.

"No!" she whispered, then covered her mouth with her hand when the man shifted in his sleep. He was obviously reaching for her and she quickly scooted out of range, holding the sheet against her nakedness. When he continued to reach for her, she pushed a pillow closer to him and breathed a silent sigh of relief when he pulled the pillow closer, accepting that the stuffing was her.

She pushed her hair out of her eyes, still trying to come to terms with the fact that she'd just had sex! This wasn't really happening, she told herself. She hadn't gone home with a guy she'd just met, had she? This was only a nightmare and she would wake up in her own bed with her soft, fluffy pillows surrounding her and everything would be back to normal.

She'd barely had a conversation with the man and she'd gone and slept with him? Impossible. But as she looked around, the evidence of her body's betrayal was all around her.

She had gone to that nightclub to find evidence that the man was a horrible person and she'd ended up in bed with him?

No, this could not have happened.

But as she slipped out of the bed, she felt the tenderness in her thighs as well as in more intimate places. And as she stood up, she realized that she was sore in places that weren't normally sore, even after a really hard run or workout.

Impossible, she told herself, even as she pulled the sheet off of the bed just in case this wasn't a dream and the huge man sleeping on the enormous bed might wake up. She didn't want to be here if that actually happened. She had to get out of here.

Her story! Good grief, she'd forgotten all about the big reveal story! She grabbed her dress and her underwear, blushing at the previously pretty, white lace that was actually torn now. She didn't care! She picked her clothes up off of the floor, running into the bathroom in her haste to get dressed. She couldn't believe what she'd done but more importantly, she had to get out of here.

She desperately needed a shower, but didn't want to risk it. She pulled her clothes on and turned off the light before she opened the bathroom door again. Even though she'd spent several hours in this room, she still had no clue where the door was. She stood there, her eyes blinking to fight back the tears until she finally found the door. With her shoes dangling from her fingers, she raced for the door, almost tripping in her haste to be free from the room of her ultimate humiliation.

She didn't realize that tears were streaming down her cheeks until she felt a drop fall on her arm. She angrily wiped it away, then did the same to her cheeks. She was a professional! Other journalists probably did this kind of thing all the time so what was the horror? She should just put one in the "Cool" column because even she knew that the sex last night...or was it still night...had been shockingly amazing. She'd heard her co-workers talk. She knew that sexual encounters like her experience with Rocco were one in a million.

And as she wiped the tears of humiliation and embarrassment off of her cheek, she was even angrier with herself that her pep talk didn't make her feel better. She was being juvenile! Women had sex with men all the time. Why was this time so devastating?

Because she'd been wanting to share her first experience with someone special. She had wanted her first time to mean something, a gift to a man who would appreciate who she was and how much sex meant to her. Someone who cared about her and planned to spend the rest of his life with her.

Instead, her first experience with a man had been with someone she not only had met at a dance club, but a man she was investigating because she suspected he was a really bad human being.

How had her instincts let her down so badly? Why had she given in to the desire last night?

Well, to be perfectly honest with herself, she hadn't done a great deal of thinking last night. She hadn't had time to contemplate whether to give in to her desire. Rocco wasn't the kind of lover who let one think. It was pure experience, pure aggressive, sexual need. There was no point during the past several hours when she could have come up for air and told him no.

And following on with that honesty, she hadn't wanted to say no. Not until now when reality had slapped her in the face with her morals.

She couldn't believe what she'd done, and was about to turn away, wanting to rush out of the bedroom but something caught her eye, a flash of something on the floor. Her fingers flew to her ears and she realized that the small, pearl earrings she'd worn earlier were missing. She bent to investigate and discovered the object was one of her earrings. She felt for her other pearl and almost sobbed out loud when she realized that the other one wasn't in the vicinity. These were her lucky earrings! She only wore them when she really needed a confidence boost. They hadn't really given her much luck tonight though.

"Nikki, I'm so sorry," she sobbed. Nikki had given her and Rachel a pair of these on their graduation night and they'd been so special to her. Now they were gone and she wanted to curl into a ball and cry out her desolation.

But that would have to wait, she told herself. She had to get out of this house but as she looked down the hallway, it was so long. She took a moment to pick up his tie that had come off in the middle of the hallway and fold it neatly on a table with a lovely painting of...good grief! The man had a Monet in his hallway! She cringed to think what he kept in his living room or dining room, areas where they might have a place of honor!

Maybe it was a fake, she told herself, not believing it for a moment.

She moved silently down the hallway, creeping down one way only to come to a dead end so she tried another hallway. It took her three tries before she finally found the staircase. She gasped when she looked down the long, winding staircase. He'd carried her up these stairs? She had a vague recollection of that happening, but since he'd stopped to kiss her several times, she hadn't really gotten to look around. Or breathe. Or think.

She was actually blushing when she reached the middle of the stairs, remembering all that they'd done on these stairs, how he'd touched her, kissed her, made her body go up in flames. They'd barely made it to his bedroom and she shivered as the memory of what happened in that bedroom came back to her.

She wished she could blame it on the alcohol, but she'd barely had anything to drink. He'd only bought her that one drink and he hadn't given her time to really taste it before they'd left to go up those stairs....And the dancing!

She might not know how to dance with anyone else, but with Rocco...she blushed with the memory of how they'd danced last night. It wasn't possible, she thought with a rush of her breath. It must have been someone else last night.

A large, bulky man stepped into the hallway, startling her. She looked up into his eyes, her heart sinking at his stern expression.

"Does Mr. Antoniv know that you are leaving?" his deep voice asked.

Brianna bit her lip, not sure if this man was going to let her leave if she didn't have his boss' permission.

Pretend to be sophisticated, she told herself firmly. Pretend this happens all the time! "I didn't want to wake him up," she said, trying to stop the trembling of her chin. "I'll just see my way home," she told him softly and started moving again.

The man hesitated for a moment, then nodded briefly. "I'll have a car take you home," he replied and Brianna breathed a sigh of relief when he obviously wasn't going to keep her here until his boss was revived.

"That's not necessary," she said, forcing a little laugh. "I can get home in a cab."

He completely ignored her, simply lifting his cell phone to his ear and saying something in what she suspected was Russian but had no idea if it might be another dialect or true Russian. She wasn't exactly up on her Slavic languages at this point in her life.

She tried to walk around him, but he politely stepped to the right, effectively blocking her exit.

She glared up at the man, refusing to allow him to intimidate her. He might be bulky, but he wasn't nearly as tall or as muscular as the man she'd just left upstairs. "I'm going to walk out of that door," Brianna said, trying not to clench her teeth in frustration but suspected that she was missing the mark on her attempt.

He bowed slightly and she suspected that the movement of his lips was almost a smile, an attempt to reassure her but he completely missed the mark with that effort too. "We will see you safely home," he countered.

Brianna didn't let her mouth fall open, but only because she was still grinding her teeth. "Get out of my way," she told him firmly, trying to use the voice that her friend, Nikki, would use. It always got results. Men didn't mess with Nikki. She was too tough, too strong and too determined. Well, no one really messed with Rachel either, but more so because she didn't really acknowledge men. They were simply roadblock in her career path that she either ignored or stepped around. Brianna was going to learn to be like her friends even if it killed her.

Imagining Nikki's expression, she straightened her shoulders, raised herself up to her full height of five feet, six inches and zoned in on Nikki's persona. But still concerned that she might come across as too mean, she smiled as kindly as possible while she said, "I'm going home and I'm not getting into any vehicle you provide. So please step out of my way." Had she been too polite? She worried for all of five seconds but when the man simply stood his ground, she was sure that she'd been too polite.

Her shoulders slumped and she looked down at the ground. "Please, just let me leave. I've made a colossal mistake and I just want to go home."

Thankfully, the man wasn't immune to her pleas but he wouldn't relent. "Why don't you wait in here for only a moment? A car will be brought round and will drive you home. It is three o'clock in the morning, ma'am. Mr. Antoniv would not be happy if I were to let you leave without an escort."

Brianna looked up at the man's face and suddenly, it didn't look as tough or stern as she'd originally thought. "What's your name?" she asked with as much courage as she could muster under the circumstances.

The man hesitated for a moment, obviously not used to people seeing him as a human being. "You may call me Stu," he said with a small bow of respect. "Please, ma'am," he said, holding the door open for her. "It will only be a moment."

Stu watched as the delicate beauty stepped into the office. He wanted to get her tucked away so he could wake his boss, thinking that this woman was special to him. Stu had been with Rocco Antoniv ever since the man had made his first million and a death threat had been issued. Stu had been hired by Rocco to find the person who had delivered the death threat and ensure that the person was prosecuted. Stu had never left Rocco's side since that point in time. Stu had worked for many people over the years, but none had been as generous and moral as Rocco Antoniv. And Rocco had never brought a woman home before so that in itself was a signal.

Brianna leaned against the now-closed doors taking deep breaths, trying to calm herself down. She wasn't being kidnapped, she just needed to sneak by an overly protective body guard. She could do this. She looked around at the room, not recognizing anything. The driver had pulled up in front of this house earlier in the evening but other than the dark bedroom and curving staircase, she hadn't seen much of anything else.

The twelve foot walls were impressively filled with books on three sides with tall windows facing the front of the house. The room felt comfortable, as if Rocco worked in here a lot. There was a computer on the corner of the large, elegant desk, but no papers were lying on top of the polished surface. Obviously, Rocco kept his work hidden from view, a fact she should have known about before she'd fallen into bed with the man.

There was a comfortable-looking set of leather club chairs set off to the corner and two more formal-looking chairs placed in front of the desk. Everything looked very normal, if elaborately expensive, but she suspected there were locks and security measures all around. There was no way she could hack into the laptop on the corner of his desk, or even pick the locks on that enormous looking desk.

She stopped her mind suddenly, looking around as her mind registered something her eyes had caught a moment ago. Sure enough, his sports jacket was lying against one of the chairs. Was it...? She glanced behind her at the still-closed door, then over at the jacket. She didn't have time to think, not knowing how long she had. Within moments, her shaking fingers were digging through the pockets of his jacket and she found the paper. As soon as her fingers touched it, she froze for a fraction of a second. Was she doing something illegal? Her mind quickly went through the potential issues but she just didn't know enough about the law. Perhaps if she were a police officer, this would be illegal search and seizure, but she wasn't sure what her legal standing was here. At a minimum, this was probably unethical, wasn't it?

She considered what another reporter might do and that clinched it in her mind. A hard-hitting reporter would take the letter and run with it.

When she opened it up, her hands were shaking so badly, she couldn't even read the words. And at the last minute, she simply wasn't morally able to outright steal the letter. It violated too many of her ethical codes. Instead, she dug her phone out of her purse and snapped a picture of the words before stuffing it right back where it had been. She then folded the jacket, leaving it exactly as it had been when she'd walked in.

With her phone dumped back into her purse, she moved back over to the door. Peering out, she breathed a sigh of relief she discovered that the big guy was gone. Where he'd gone, she had no idea but she wasn't going to wait and find out. If he was waking Rocco up, she didn't want to be anywhere near this place when he came down the stairs. She didn't want to see him again, too ashamed of what they'd done together tonight.

With her purse tucked under her arm, she sprinted to the front door, almost sobbing with relief when she found the door unlocked. She had half expected to find the door locked with some crazy mechanism that only certain people knew how to open. She wouldn't put it past a man like Rocco Antoniv. But what did that say about her? She'd slept with the man. Well, she hadn't really slept with him so much as....

No,and she couldn't think of that. She had to put that out of her mind. She rushed out the door and looked around, trying to get her bearings. She had no idea where she was, but obviously, she was in one of the more exclusive neighborhoods of Washington, D.C. She walked down the tree lined sidewalk, desperately looking for a cab. She wanted to get home, to curl up in her bed and not come out for at least a week.

When she rounded the corner, she was relieved to see two cab drivers chatting on the side of the road, both of them holding a cup of coffee in their hands. "Excuse me, I'm sorry to interrupt, but could either of you gentlemen give me a lift home?" she asked, unaware that she looked like a mess. Her hair was messed up, her lipstick gone and her eyes were swollen and red from the tears that she desperately needed to release.

Both men stared at her for a long moment. Brianna's heart sank as they continued to gape and she forced a weak smile to her face, hoping that would ease the shock of seeing such a disheveled woman at this hour of the night.

"I'll help you," one of them jumped up. He opened the back door to his cab in a courtly fashion, his worried eyes skittering from the top of her head down to her shoes and back to his friend, communicating a silent message. "Do you need to speak with a police officer?" he asked gently when he turned back to her.

Brianna's eyes shot up to his, shocked that he would ask something like that. "Police?" she echoed. She looked down at herself, her smile wobbling more than a little. "No. Thank you very much for being concerned, but I'd just like to get home as quickly as possible." She glanced behind her, afraid that Rocco would be barreling around the corner any moment. "Please, can you just get me home?" she whispered through the terror that was slowly starting to build up inside of her.

"Of course," he said softly and closed the door once she was inside his cab, running around to the driver's seat. He turned on his cab light and called in the dispatcher, letting them know that he was back on duty.

Brianna sat in the back seat, only half listening to the chatter. Occasionally, she glanced through the rear view mirror to see if anyone was following but after several blocks when no additional headlights appeared, she leaned back and let the tears flow.

"Thank you," she said when the cab driver pulled up outside her building. She gave him a twenty dollar bill on a six dollar cab ride, grateful for his help. "I'm sorry to have taken you off of your break," she said and jumped out of the cab, racing into her building.

Once she was in her apartment, she tore the dress off and stuffed it and the shoes into the trash can. She never wanted to see either of them again. She jumped into the shower, scrubbing herself with soap in an effort to get the scent of Rocco off her body. But no matter how many times she washed, she could still smell that wonderful, spicy scent. When the warm water started to get her body excited, she shut it off mercilessly. She didn't want to feel that any more. Never again would she allow her body to control her actions. The results were too humiliating.

Rocco woke to the pounding on his door and scowled into the darkness. His hand automatically reached out, trying to find Brianna. He wasn't sure why he was reaching for her but a feeling of dread was creeping up on him, making it urgent to find her, to pull her closer.

It took several moments before he finally realized that she wasn't with him!

He stood up and grabbed his robe out of his closet, his eyes searching for her in the darkness. She must be in the bathroom, he told himself, smiling as he thought about joining her for a quick, or not so quick, shower. He would then bring her right back to bed and do it all over again.

Damn! He'd never woken up after a night of sex with more of the same on his mind. Of course, he enjoyed morning sex right along with the next guy, but normally he woke up and his mind was working through a business issue. So why was he searching for Brianna so that he could take her into his arms again?

He almost chuckled at the idea of taking the day off so he could spend more time with her. He actually couldn't remember taking a day off in his life. He'd worked since he was old enough to carry a hammer, sometimes working three or four jobs just to make enough money. Now he worked seven days a week simply because he enjoyed it. Vacations were only periods when he worked in a different environment. A vacation wasn't a time when he stopped, merely adjusted his schedule slightly.

"What's up?" he asked as soon as he opened the door to see Stu standing in the hallway, looking uncomfortable. That was a clue that something bad was happening because Stu never looked uncomfortable. Ever since the man started working for Rocco, the only expression on Stu's grim face was mild irritation or a blank countenance.

"You're guest for the evening wishes to return home," Stu said, looking at Rocco's eyes as if trying to convey something more.

"Really?" Rocco couldn't believe that and turned around, still expecting to see her come out of the bathroom, looking shy and delectable. "Where is she?" he asked, his voice getting deeper as his anger increased.

"I put her in the library downstairs," he explained, understanding that his employer was searching for the woman in the bedroom.

Rocco's eyes darkened with fury. How dare she leave like this after all that they'd shared and experienced together! She hadn't left! She was just trying to be a tease, he told himself. A cold fist settled in his stomach. The woman he'd started to think of as different was only playing a game. A more advanced game, he gathered.

He thought about not playing, about not giving in to whatever demands she might give him for their next liaison. But the thought of not holding her body again had him gritting his teeth with frustration.

"I'll be right there," he said and slammed the door, his fury rising as he tried to figure out her game. She wanted proof that he'd enjoyed himself last night. She wanted him to beg! Not going to happen, little lady, he told himself as he whipped a pair of jeans on his long, lean legs. After grabbing a sweater from a drawer, he pulled it on over his head as he walked down the hallway, his feet shoved into a pair of loafers. He was seething with fury that she'd completely caught him off guard. He'd fallen for her tricks, fallen for that shy, virginal act and he'd been completely swept up in the most incredible sex he'd ever experienced.

Well he would escort her home all right, he told himself. He'd kick her out and show her that he wasn't going to be led around. Damn her!

Rocco slammed open the doors to his library, ready to pounce on the lovely lady. But his eyes captured only an empty room filled with books. "Where the hell is she?"

No one was waiting on any of the comfortable, leather chairs with a smug smile, no temptress pretending to be caught climbing the ladder in that skimpy dress she'd practically painted onto her body last night. No lovely, conniving brunette smiling with victory anywhere!

He spun around, glaring at Stu. "So? Where did she go?"

Stu already had his phone to his ear and was rushing out the front door. "I'm sorry sir, but the guard at the gate says she walked out about three minutes ago."

Rocco looked outside, noting that it was still dark. Some of his anger dissipated as concern started to rise up inside of him. "She left? Did someone come pick her up?" he demanded, thinking he'd really been taken for a ride.

Stu asked the question to the guard and shook his head. "She walked, sir."

Rocco couldn't believe that. She'd been wearing those ridiculous heels and she'd barely been able to walk by the time he'd brought her inside. "Impossible!"

"I'll find her, sir," Stu said, rushing out the door, almost running in his effort to find the missing woman.

Rocco paced in front of the door, feeling trapped for some reason. He hated not being out there, finding the woman. She was probably hiding somewhere, just waiting for him or his security team to come looking for her. And then he noticed how cold it was. Damn her! She hadn't worn a coat! She'd been wearing that flimsy, sexy dress that barely had any sleeves! Was she trying to catch her death of a cold?

Stu trotted back inside, shaking his head when Rocco looked down at him. "I spoke to a cab driver who told me she'd gotten into his friend's cab a moment ago. The man suggested that she might need police assistance, sir."

Rocco's heart pounded against his chest with worry. "Did she look hurt when you saw her?" he demanded.

Stu's lips compressed slightly, not sure exactly how to respond to his boss' inquiry. "She was pretty shaken up when she came downstairs, sir. It looked like she'd been crying which was why I was trying to have her wait for you, or at least let Don drive her home. She snuck out while I was upstairs getting you, sir." Stu saw the livid expression in his employer's eyes and knew this was bad. "I'll find her, sir. I'll interview the cab driver and get the information on where she stopped. Give me a few hours."

"You have two hours!" Rocco told him with a low, menacing growl. "I want to know if she's safe in two hours or less!"

Stu nodded his head, knowing now that he should have pulled one of the guards to watch out for the woman. It wasn't his employer's normal way of doing things to bring a woman back here so it should have given him a head's up that this woman was different. He should have followed his gut and ensured her safety. Now his boss was worried.

It took less than thirty minutes to get the address where the cab had dropped off the woman. Three minutes later, he was handing the information to his employer. "Take me there," Rocco snapped, already showered and dressed in a business suit even though the horizon still hadn't started lightening to indicate the morning had begun its timid presence on the day.

Twenty minutes later, he was still furious as he stood outside her apartment knocking. She wasn't answering her door, but nor was there any noise inside. She must have gone into work which is exactly what he should be doing.

He paced the hallway for several moments, considering his next move. He could knock on her neighbor's doors, get more information. Or he could find out where she worked and find her there. Or even better, he thought with a victorious smile, he could get her to come to him.

Turning to Stu, he said, "Get me information on her. I want to know everything you can on this woman." He didn't wait for Stu's nod of agreement but turned and walked out of the building.

Rocco went into the office, still furious that the woman had left him but not sure why. Yes, she'd been timid initially, but once he'd kissed her, all of her shyness had disappeared, replaced by a vibrant, fascinating, sexually amazing woman. He'd been blown away to finally meet a woman who could match his sexual appetite but something had gone wrong. What game was she playing?

Stu interrupted his morning meeting with the information on where she'd gone. His eyes quickly read through the information in the file folder, but when that was the only information his head of security gave him, he stood up and walked out in the middle of one of his president's sentences.

"Do a full background check on her," Rocco commanded just outside of the conference room. "I want to know what she eats for breakfast, who her first kiss was and all the other pertinent details. Fast," he said before he turned around and headed back into his meeting. It infuriated him that she hadn't called, teasing him with the suggestion of a replay of the previous night. Every time he thought he had her motives down, she didn't follow through on how he suspected she would act. So he'd revised his opinion, only to have that blown away as well.

By the time he was leaving his office, his anger was at a boiling point. There had been no word from the woman and Stu hadn't come back with his normal file on her either. So he was working this situation blind and trying hard not to assume anything further. So far, all of his assumptions had been wrong and the only thing left was that she was a sweet, kind woman with a generous spirit and a body a man would gladly die to possess. But that was so far out of the realm of possibility, his mind refused to accept it. That was the fantasy he'd like to wrap around his memories. As soon as he found her, got to know her, he was sure that her true personality would surface and she would be just as mercenary and manipulative as the other women he'd come into contact with in the past.

After a fast shower and shave, he snapped the cufflinks onto his tuxedo shirt and pulled the dinner jacket on. If she were going to contact him, she should have done it by now. Everyone knows that one doesn't string along a man forever. There were too many other women out there who could fulfill his needs. When he entered a charity ball that evening, his eyes automatically scanned the room, waiting to find her clad in some designer dress - a dress that he would eventually pay for when she sent the bill to his house. Normally those kinds of machinations irritated him, but in this case, he wanted Brianna so badly, he would gladly drape her in any designer dress she prettily begged for.

Then he stopped himself, irritated beyond reason for the way his mind was being controlled by his lust for a slender, innocent looking woman. All the games had been tried on him and he wasn't going to fall for this one either. He wanted her to be honest with her desires and if she couldn't play by his rules, he wanted to have nothing to do with her. But by the end of the evening, when he was leaving the ball after only being there for an hour, he was still furious, but now his anger had turned to concern. Where the hell was she?

"Here's the information I've been able to gather so far, sir," Stu said, handing him a file folder that was fairly small. Rocco read through a slightly more thorough report. She was a journalist who did stories on weddings and fluff pieces, rented an apartment for...he chuckled at the small amount she paid in rent, had a cell phone, internet service, electric bill and one credit card which she paid off every month. That was it? "Where's the rest of the information?" he demanded.

Stu shook his head. "There wasn't much I could find, but we're still digging."

Rocco looked down, his eyes narrowing as he read the rest of the information. "She only has a checking account and a retirement account?" He looked up at Stu. "She has two bank accounts and that's it?" When Stu nodded, Rocco looked down, irritated by the way she'd invested her retirement account. She should shift her money over to some other accounts and she would be making at least twice as much as the return she was earning now.

He set the file down on the seat next to him, contemplating the small amount he knew. A wedding reporter. Interesting choice of careers. Probably not the most lucrative. And if she were reporting on the society weddings, she most likely wanted a big, elaborate affair herself when she finally found the right man.

So she wanted to get married, eh? Not to him, he told himself firmly as he stormed into his house a half hour later. His tie was uncaringly tossed into his closet as his irritation increased once again. She was probably tired of being on the sidelines reporting about all the fabulous affairs and wanted to snag a man who could give her the whole shebang.

She'd have to keep on looking, but he was more than willing to give her the honeymoon. He glanced at the file folder that contained her cell phone number and work number. He wasn't going to call her, he told himself. He had work to do and she would eventually get around to hitting him up for whatever she had in mind soon enough.

As he stared up at the ceiling that night, he hoped that she would make her move soon! Hell, he wanted her here, in his bed and in his arms. He should have gone home with one of the lovely ladies tonight who had been more than willing to take Brianna's place. But they'd left him cold, every one of them. None had Brianna's sweet smile or her shy glances that turned him on so much. And none had that crazy, honest response when he kissed her. Of course, he hadn't bothered to kiss any of the women on display tonight, but he didn't have to kiss them to know. It was just a gut feeling that none of the women tonight would have had the same impact.

And Rocco was never one to settle for less than the best.

Chapter 3

Brianna's hands shivered as she read the words again. Sitting at her desk, she wondered if anyone suspected she was doing something clandestine. She peered around at her co-workers, making sure no one was watching. She'd been too nervous last night to take a good picture of the letter, but she had some of the words and, if what she suspected was true, Rocco Antoniv was into some seriously illegal stuff.

Although what that illegal stuff was, she couldn't quite decipher. Yet.

She dialed Rachel's number, hoping she might be able to tell her what was going on. Rachel used to work as a stock broker and could always figure out anything to do with markets.

But Rachel wasn't answering her phone. Bri left a message but in the back of her mind, she was hoping Rachel's new husband was occupying her time. Rachel worked way too many hours!

She e-mailed the picture to Nikki with the subject, "Any ideas on what this is?"

Her cell phone camera had not only captured words, but also an emblem on the upper left hand corner. The letters underneath were foreign and she couldn't remember where, but she'd seen that emblem somewhere. It was important, of that she was sure. But she couldn't figure out what was going on.

Only the words "freeze the oil supply", "cut off funds so they had no option" and "stage the protest" were visible on her picture. If she'd been a more experienced journalist, her hands wouldn't have been shaking so badly and she would have gotten a better picture. She also could have gone in to her editor and made a case for time to investigate. But if she brought this in to Drew, he would laugh her out of his office. But only after he demanded to know how she'd gotten the picture. She couldn't tell him about that night or her early morning race home. Some things a journalist just had to keep private, she told herself grimly.

She'd gotten maybe an hour or two of sleep last night, preceded by a passion and desire so intense, she still felt dizzy just thinking about it. And she actually felt like she was walking awkwardly today. She'd been so tender last night in the most intimate part of her, but now, she only felt....different.

Stop thinking about him! She'd reprimanded herself over and over today, trying to keep the man's touch and the way he'd....well, the things they'd....

She sighed and dropped her head onto her open palm. She had to stop thinking about Rocco Antoniv as the ultimate lover and remember that he was doing something extremely wrong. Something seriously illegal like price fixing or manipulating markets. Those two things might be the same thing for all she knew!

She looked around, biting her lip as she tried to figure out a way to identify the mysterious emblem. She knew she'd seen it somewhere, but couldn't place it for the life of her.

"Hey, Brianna, weren't you asking about that billionaire guy the other day? Antoniv?"

Brianna swung around, stuffing her cell phone into her purse with a guilty flush. "Yes. Why?" she asked, wondering if her night of passion with the man in question was written all over her face.

Leslie, another reporter who worked the police beat walked up to Brianna's desk. Leslie was one of the nice reporters, never looking down at Brianna's assignments. "I heard through the grapevine that he's off to his winter lodge. You should look it up on the internet. It's an amazing house deep in the forests of Pennsylvania. Has just about every luxury a guy could want."

She smiled wanly, not wanting to think of Rocco as being that wealthy. She didn't mind thinking of him as a criminal. Somehow, that made him more human. Not more attainable, she told herself as her co-worker walked away to her own desk. No, there was no way Rocco Antoniv could ever be thought of as attainable. But she'd like to think of him as more human, more approachable.

She sighed and focused on her computer screen. She had to get her latest assignment in fast. Drew had given her the job of reporting on the latest events coming up at the botanical gardens and their winter schedule. She was already past her own personal deadline and the official news deadline was approaching. She'd always taken pride in the fact that she'd never missed a target. She was organized and efficient, good with words and the turn of a phrase. But after last night, her world seemed different and her fingers were frozen over the keys. She wasn't able to form coherent sentences like she normally pushed out.

Her editor appeared by her side, his eyes concerned and his mouth turned down to a frown. "What's going on?" Drew said as he rested a heavy hip on the corner of her desk.

Brianna's startled eyes lifted to his, not sure what she'd done or said that would give her inner turmoil away. "I'm fine. Why do you ask?"

His eyes narrowed even more at her uncharacteristic response as well as the forced smile. "You're acting all jumpy today and you're late getting your report in," he said in a fatherly voice with concern in his eyes.

Brianna looked at the clock on her desk and gasped. "Oh no!" she said and turned back to her computer. How had she let the time slip away from her? She couldn't believe that she'd just been thinking about how she never missed a deadline and here she was, idling stupidly while her deadline came and went. "I'm on it," she replied in a horrified rush.

When the gentle hand on her shoulder stopped her, she sighed and turned back to her editor. "I'm sorry, sir."

Drew was generally pretty harsh with his reporters, but Brianna had never had to endure his wrath. He always treated her more kindly because she accepted all the assignments he tossed over to her, brought the story in on time and with lively language that engaged the reader. Yesterday, she would have bristled at his gentle tone but today, she genuinely appreciated his restraint. "Brianna, what's going on? You've been jumpy and out of sorts today. Definitely not like yourself."

She blushed and looked away, not willing to tell this kind but often brusque man what she'd done last night. She couldn't even say it was in pursuit of a story because she hadn't thought about the story or the investigation after walking up that staircase with Rocco. "I've just had a lot on my mind."

Drew sighed heavily and looked down at the gentle woman. She was always the bright sunshine in a room full of cloudy cynics. But here she was, looking gloomier than the worst of his reporters, but obviously not for the same reason. "You haven't had a vacation in a long time. Why don't you take a long weekend and go do something fun?" he suggested.

Brianna swallowed, worried that he thought she might not be able to handle her job. "I'm fine, sir. I won't let you down." With everything else that had happened over the past twenty-four hours, she couldn't handle her boss losing faith in her as well.

Drew chuckled. "I'm sure you won't but why don't you just go somewhere and relax? Call up Nikki and Rachel; see if either of them could take some time off with you. Relax, enjoy the changing leaves and drink a bottle of wine."

Brianna thought that sounded heavenly, but she still had a hard time keeping her tears at bay. "I'll get this report done quickly."

He stood up and cleared his throat. "And then you'll take a long weekend. That's an order. You'll be amazed at how much better things will look when you come back next week."

Brianna bit her lip and stared at her computer for a long time after he left. When someone shouted across the room, she jumped and forced herself to focus on her report. She had to get this in fast. Her fingers flew over the keyboard and she finished, pressing the send button only thirty minutes late. When she picked up her purse, preparing to leave, she found that the rest of the newsroom was already packed up and heading out for the weekend. It was Friday, after all. Everyone was getting ready to head out on the town, have some laughs and a few drinks, and enjoy their weekend. But what did she have to look forward to?

She stepped out of the building and looked around, trying to think of what she could do over her unexpected long weekend. She could call Nikki and Rachel, maybe the three of them could grab a pizza or....

She'd follow him.

***

The thought popped into her head so suddenly that she actually stopped in her tracks and looked around. A couple of people bumped into her, grumbling irritably when she did that, but she ignored the crowds on the wide, dirty sidewalk while her mind pondered the idea of following Rocco, discovering his secrets. What was in that letter that she'd missed? What was he hiding? Maybe this was a bigger story than just revealing the man's horrible personality to the world. Even this morning, she'd suspected that he really was a charming rat-fink who was doing something illegal but what if there was more to it?

She started walking again, but this time her pace was slower, her mind working to try and fill in the blanks. She didn't know what the symbol was on the side of the letter and because she'd been so silly and nervous, she hadn't gotten the whole picture, but she could find out where he was this weekend and follow him, hide until she had a chance to sneak into his home. Maybe there would be more evidence that she could discover and finally piece everything together. If she knew who he was meeting with, or where he was going, that might give her a clue as to others that could be involved. It was a long shot, she told herself. The man might be simply attending charity events, donating loads of cash to some worthy cause and opening up his museum. Next thing, he's on the road to wherever his real crimes were occurring. If he flew off to some other country, or even another state, there was no way she could track him. She simply didn't have that kind of money or time.

But what if she found out something while he was here? What if she figured out the identity of the man Rocco had met with last night at the dance club and figured out what the two of them were up to?

That's what a real reporter would do, she told herself, her mind starting to wrap itself around the idea with relish. "Yes," she said out loud, startling several people who were trying to walk around her. "I can do this."

With that in mind, she hurried to her car and drove to her apartment where she revved up her laptop and started searching. Of course, his personal itinerary wasn't posted online, nor had she thought it would be. But Leslie had mentioned that Rocco was heading to his winter house. With that information, what she did find was perfect for her plan! The man was hosting a huge party at his country house! And that was in the Pennsylvania mountains, only two hours away from here! What luck!

Chapter 4

Brianna pulled the rough, wool blanket closer around her, wishing she hadn't had such a ridiculous plan. She hated attending parties, but she found that she hated waiting outside of a party, especially in a relatively cold, damp, uncomfortable barn, even more. She'd discovered a well-kept stable behind Rocco's house and had hunkered down until she found an opportunity to get inside the house. But she hadn't anticipated the cold weather which was dropping down below freezing tonight as a cold front moved into the area, banishing all the abnormally warm temperatures they'd been experiencing lately. And she also hadn't counted on the night being so spooky. It was late October and most of the leaves were already on the ground. This meant that every animal that walked by caused crunching or squirming sounds, which were reminiscent of several horror movies she'd watched as a kid. She also hadn't remembered how big the spiders got in the fall. They'd had all summer to get big and fat, just in time to crawl into her hiding space and scare her half to death. She'd killed two already and her eyes were wide as she scanned the dimly lit area for more.

Darn it, this was a stupid plan! She'd thought it would be so easy to sneak into the house while the guests were arriving, find the man's office and sift through his papers. But she hadn't counted on the tight security that was everywhere. There were even guards strolling around the perimeter of the house!

So she'd thought that it might be easier to sneak in while the guests were leaving. Mentally, she'd argued that security would be more lax when there weren't so many people trying to get in. But no one was leaving! She had no idea how long these fancy parties lasted, but she refused to look at her watch again. The last time she'd looked, only five minutes had passed.

Was this really what hard-core reporters did to get a story? She felt like an idiot. A cold, uncomfortable idiot!

Rocco looked around at all the glittering guests and his irritation grew. When he caught sight of Stu, he excused himself and moved in that direction. He didn't want to be entertaining, he wanted to find Brianna. Why this woman had gotten under his skin so quickly was a mystery, but Stu hadn't been able to locate her at either her office or her apartment and now Rocco was worried. He'd known she was a gentle soul the night he'd held her in his arms but when she'd disappeared, he'd banished that possibility, thinking that she was just manipulating him like all the other women he'd been with. But she hadn't contacted him. And she'd disappeared. She'd left work earlier today but hadn't returned to her apartment. Now he wasn't thinking she was being manipulative. He was worried about her safety.

"Have you found her?" he asked abruptly.

Stu nodded his head. "She's here," he told Rocco.

Rocco was startled, not sure what his head security man was saying. He looked at the room filled with people, trying to see around the glittering guests to find the woman he'd wanted for the past two days. "What do you mean? She's here where?"

Rocco looked down at Stu and realized that the always serious man was trying not to smile. "She's out in the barn, sir. She's been there for the past two hours."

Rocco blinked and shook his head. "She's in the barn? Why the hell would she be out there? It's freezing outside."

Stu nodded sagely. "Remember her job, sir. She's a reporter."

That still didn't make sense. "She writes about weddings and fluff things."

Stu shrugged his big shoulders, looking up at his boss. "What if she's trying to break out of that area? Perhaps she's found something more interesting to report on."

Rocco's startled eyes looked down at Stu's. They both knew what was at stake here.

"You don't think she found out..."

Stu's face looked blank. "I can't be sure. You met her at Tombe Coeur. Perhaps it wasn't such a coincidence."

Rocco's mind was already moving in the same direction. She hadn't been trying to meet him though. So what had she been doing?

Besides, her reactions to his touch had been too honest, he reminded himself. He knew women. He knew when they were faking reactions and Brianna had not been faking anything. He'd stake his entire personal wealth on that belief.

And then the realization hit him: Brianna was here! At least on his property. He smiled, thinking of her wide, green eyes filled with confusion that night and almost laughed out loud. So the pretty woman was trying to get into more adventurous reporting, eh? He could understand challenging one's self, trying to break into new areas of expertise. He might even admire the woman if it weren't for the danger she'd put herself in with this newest story.

Regardless, he would enjoy having the slender beauty in his house so he could keep her away from computers and newspaper deadlines for a while. And keep her safe. She might be adventurous, but there were certain things happening over the next few days that could get someone killed if they looked in the wrong direction.

With a grin of victory, he smiled down at his head of security. "I guess she'll just have to stay here with me while things play out."

Stu's eyes shined with his agreement. "Should I bring her inside?" he asked.

Rocco was already shaking his head. "When does the snow start tonight?"

"About two hours ago."

That was news, but Rocco looked out one of the back windows. Sure enough, there was a heavy layer of snow already on the ground. Not enough to cause his guests to become worried, but enough that their trek home would be slightly more adventurous than normal.

"At this rate, the snow will be at least a foot by morning."

"Probably more than that, sir."

He was delighted at all the possibilities. "I'll go out and invite our unexpected guest inside in about an hour." He figured a little while longer out in the cold wouldn't hurt her. "Make sure she has warm blankets though."

"Will do," Stu replied and turned to make sure that the woman in question didn't leave and she had some warmth to get her through the next hour.

The party wound down quickly when the guests realized that it was snowing so heavily outside. After profuse apologies for not staying later, one by one, the guests made their way out of the house toward their cars. Rocco closed the door on the last guest about forty-five minutes after his conversation with Stu. He ignored the catering staff as they hurriedly cleaned up the dishes from the party while he made his way towards the kitchens.

"I need some hot chocolate," he told his housekeeper.

"Right away, sir," she said. A few minutes later, he had a thermos filled with the hot liquid and he pulled on his coat while tossing his tuxedo tie onto the back of a chair. With a smile of triumph, he walked out towards the barn.

Brianna huddled down into the soft, warm blankets. She couldn't believe her luck when the man had come in. With the lights coming on, she'd thought she'd be discovered for sure, but when he only put out a stack of blankets on the table and then switched the light back off before heading out again, she'd breathed a sigh of relief.

She was now snuggled under the downy warmth of several blankets, feeling quite warm and content. Sleepy too, she thought. But that was to be expected since she hadn't had much sleep in the past two nights.

Brianna pushed the memories of her night with Rocco out of her mind. That had been a colossal mistake on her part, never to be repeated again. There was no reason she needed to ever see Rocco Antoniv again except when he was brought out in handcuffs after being arrested. She smiled as the image formed in her mind and she pulled the down-filled blanket around her head more securely.

When her eyes closed again, she snapped them open once again as she realized that she was about to fall asleep. "Keep it together," she whispered to herself. "This is not the time to be weak."

She leaned her head back and sighed, happy to have the warmth but maybe it wasn't so good. After last night's lack of sleep, not to mention the unexpected physical activity, plus the painfully cold night, her body was shutting down, falling asleep too easily.

Brianna tried to tell herself to get up and walk around, get chilled again, but she couldn't get her eyes to open long enough to accomplish her command.

A few minutes after Brianna's eyes gave up the fight for awareness, Rocco walked into his stable and found the woman bundled up in about four of the down blankets he'd sent down to the barn. She looked so comfortable and cute, he almost didn't want to disturb her. But the horses shuffling in their stalls caused him to change his mind. Well, and the fact that he wanted her inside, in his bed.

Hmm...maybe not in his bed tonight. He was suddenly realizing that he had some morals left. His mind wouldn't let him put her into his bed and crawl in beside her without her consent. He discovered that he didn't want anything less than what they'd shared the last time they'd been together. No half-hearted sexual encounters would work after he'd experienced her amazing passion. He wanted the real thing.

As he carried her into the house, she snuggled deeper into his embrace. He had to grit his teeth when her cold nose nuzzled his neck and she sighed with contentment. He walked up the stairs with her in his arms and settled her into the large bed in the room next to his.

He looked down at her as she stretched in the large, comfortable bed and something uncurled inside of him. She looked like an angel but he had to remind himself that women were always after something more. What this beauty was after, he couldn't figure out. But he would. Eventually, he would know everything there was to know about her.

As he watched, she sighed in her sleep and his body hardened with the need to have her again. Turning away, he forced his feet to leave the bedroom, closing the door firmly. Until he knew her angle, it was best to keep things in perspective.

Brianna woke up the following morning to cloudy skies and yet another unknown bed. She pushed the blankets off of her and sat up, trying to figure out where she was. This was the second time in three days when she'd woken up in a stranger's room and it was more than a little disconcerting.

She pushed her hair away from her eyes and looked outside, startled to see that it was snowing. And not just a light dusting, but a full out heavy snowfall.

"What in the world has happened?" she asked out loud.

"You fell asleep in my barn," a deep voice said from behind her.

Brianna gasped and spun around, her hands gripping the beautiful comforter as her eyes drank in the sight of Rocco Antoniv standing in front of her, looking fabulous in a pair of jeans and a thick, cream woolen sweater. "What are you doing here?" she asked, not sure what was going on. "I told myself I wasn't going to see you again unless you were in handcuffs."

Rocco's eyebrows went upwards with that bold statement. He knew he should be insulted, but the look on her face was just too perfect. "I might like that," he said softly, moving closer. And then he burst out laughing when he saw the rose color suffuse her face. "That's quite enchanting, my dear." He moved forward, chuckling when she backed away from him. "Maybe it will be me putting the handcuffs on you for trespassing." He let that sink in before he lifted her wrist in his hand. "Then again, I wouldn't want anything to mar this perfect skin." And he lifted her hand, kissing her wrist, causing her heart rate to race from the caress. "Perhaps silk ties would be a better option?" he teased and laughed deeply when her face suffused with that incredible color once again.

She pulled her hand out of his grasp angrily and scooted back on the bed. "What happened last night?" she asked. Her heart was racing but she wasn't sure if it was out of fear or anticipation. Either was unacceptable, she told herself firmly.

He leaned closer, a smile still on his face. "Please tell me you're not asking if we had sex last night."

Brianna gasped and bit her lower lip. She thought frantically, trying to figure out what might have happened. The previous morning, she'd felt tender after their night together. Everywhere! But she didn't feel that way today. She was stiff, probably from falling asleep while sitting up in the barn. "No," she replied, her chin going up defiantly. "I know you didn't touch me last night." She was proud of how confident her voice sounded even though she didn't feel quite so strong. "So what did happen?"

He chuckled, impressed with her bravado if not her methods. "You fell asleep before I could even give you the delicious hot chocolate my housekeeper made for you. I brought you up here so you could sleep more comfortably."

The idea of rich hot chocolate made her mouth water but she ignored the thought. "I appreciate your consideration," she told him stiffly, feeling like a fool all over again. "I should get out of your way."

She slipped off of the bed, grateful to still be wearing her clothes even if they looked shockingly rumpled after a night sleeping in them. She started to walk out of the bedroom but he shook his head, stepping into her path. "I'm afraid that's not possible," he told her without a hint of regret.

"Why not?" she demanded, wondering if he was going to keep her here against her will.

"Because the roads are now impassable. There's no way you'd be able to get your car out of the spot you put it. The wind is blowing the snow around so it's also surrounded by two feet of snow and it's still going strong."

That was not the news she wanted to hear. She looked out the window and saw the falling snow, not sure she believed him about the depth of the snow. "When did all of this start?" she demanded, walking over to the window and pulling the filmy drapes back. It really looked lovely, she thought, seeing the barn in the back where she'd hidden. There weren't even any tracks where he'd walked, the snow covering everything in a thick, white layer. She could barely even make out the fence line since the snow was so deep. "It wasn't supposed to snow!"

He laughed softly. "It wasn't forecasted to snow in the city. I imagine it's just raining closer to your home. But out here, we're at a higher elevation so it's much colder than in the city."

She sighed, leaning her forehead against the cold glass. "Great," she mumbled. "This is just perfect!"

He smothered his amusement at her reaction behind his hand, pretending to rub his jaw. She really was cute, he thought. And he liked her derriere in those jeans. The denim wasn't tight but it showed him all of her curves. "Are you hungry?" he asked. Without waiting for an answer, he grabbed her hand and pulled her gently down the stairs. "My housekeeper makes a great omelet with whatever your heart desires."

She shook her head, trying to pull her hand out of his but he wasn't letting her go. "I'm really not hungry," she said.

Rocco stopped and looked down at her, almost backing her up against the wall. "If you're not hungry, what else can we do to entertain ourselves while we wait for the roads to open up?" he asked softly, his hand coming up to caress her cheek and ear, sending tingles everywhere in her body.

Brianna was so surprised, she didn't have her defenses in place. She hadn't planned on him shifting gears quite so quickly and was stunned in place while he touched her. She told herself to move, to shift out of his embrace, but her feet didn't move. And her head actually tilted into his hand, enjoying his soft touch.

When she realized what she was doing, she gasped and looked up into his golden, piercing eyes. How did he have that kind of power over her? He could do anything and she would love it? No! He couldn't have that kind of control over her! She wouldn't allow it! "Breakfast sounds wonderful," she squeaked out, not sure if she had the willpower to pull away from him.

Rocco laughed, seeing exactly what she was doing but enjoying himself immensely. He'd never had a woman who ran away from him so this was all new to him. He found that he actually liked having her pull back. It made him have to work harder for what he wanted. A challenge!

Yes, she might be up to something that he wouldn't like. But that didn't mean he couldn't enjoy her while she tried to accomplish whatever her mission was.

"Are you sure?" he asked, enjoying her soft skin as well as the challenge of trying to change her mind. He liked the way she wiggled against him, her soft breasts felt wonderful against his chest. He almost laughed out loud when she turned slightly to give him better access, telling him without words that she liked what he was doing to her.

Why was she so skittish? Surely she remembered what it had been like between the two of them. It had only been a few days since they'd been in each other's arms.

"I'm famished," she said and looked down. "I forgot to eat dinner last night."

Rocco's hand froze with her words and he smiled slightly. She was a complete mystery. And he liked that. A frustrating mystery, but one he was going to unravel, piece by piece. And enjoy every moment of the unveiling, he thought as he surveyed her unflattering flannel shirt. The only redeeming piece of clothing on the woman was her jeans, which he approved of completely. The flannel and, what he suspected was a brutal sports bra, would have to go though.

Changing tactics since he wanted to know everything about this woman, he asked, "What were you doing in the barn last night?" Looking at the dark circles under her eyes and the gauntness of her cheeks, his eyes narrowed. "And why the hell didn't you bring something to eat if you were going to stay out in the cold for so long?"

He didn't wait for an answer but took her hand again, leading her down the stairs. He didn't have to pull her this time and he realized it was because she wanted to get out of the bedroom and away from the bed. That news didn't cheer him since he was aching to make love to her, but he didn't want her getting sick on him either.$

He didn't stop until they were in the small dining room he preferred when he was alone. There was a larger dining room he used when he had guests or elaborate functions but this room, with the large windows and small table, was more intimate and comfortable. The delicious scents of breakfast wafted to him and he signaled to his housekeeper that she could bring in their meal.

"If you don't want an omelet, Ms. Rogers can make you anything you want."

A robust woman with a friendly smile brought out two plates that had been warming in the oven. She placed one in front of both of them, then disappeared once again. In addition to an omelet brimming with cheese, ham and vegetables, there was also a huge biscuit on the side of the plate, a bowl of chilled, fresh fruit and, in the center of the table, a large pitcher of orange juice and an urn of coffee. Rocco poured juice and coffee for both of them while Brianna's mind tried to catch up with everything that was happening.

"So how did I get from the barn to the house?" she asked, taking a full sip of coffee to try and clear her mind from the cobwebs of sleep.

He spooned an enormous helping of fresh fruit onto her plate. "I carried you. You'd fallen asleep."

She looked down at her plate, truly ashamed that she hadn't even been able to stay awake. Looking out the window, she tried not to let her performance the previous night get her down. She'd questioned whether a real reporter would hide out in a barn in order to get a story, but she was absolutely sure that they wouldn't fall asleep in the barn, or anytime during a stakeout while they were trying to get a story.

"I see," she said softly, mentally kicking herself for being ten kinds of a fool. "That was very...considerate of you."

Rocco noticed the almost defeated look on her lovely face and didn't like it. He wanted her smile back, her energy. Even her anger would be better than this downtrodden expression. "Would you like to tell me why you were out in my barn? If you wanted to attend the party, I would have been delighted to have you accompany me."

She set her coffee cup down on the saucer, fighting back tears. "That's very generous of you. But I don't think that would have accomplished my mission very well."

Rocco studied the woman sitting across from him, still trying to figure her out. And he was stumped. She simply didn't fit. She didn't act like the other women he'd known in the past. She looked sweet and innocent, but there was a vibrating energy deep down inside of her that drew him to her.

But he had to understand her. She was so different, she fascinated him. "What's going on, Brianna? Why were you outside and why do you think I'm going to be carted away in handcuffs?"

She cut off a chunk of the eggs with her fork and tried to come up with a good enough answer for him, but in the end, she decided that honesty would be the best way to go with this man. "I wasn't at the club Thursday night to dance," she blurted out. She cut another bite of the eggs, but knew she wouldn't be able to swallow any of it so she focused on breaking the rest of her meal up into very precise, bite-sized pieces.

He smothered a smile at her declaration. "I know that. So were you just trying to pick up a man?"

She reared back, horrified that he would think that of her. "Goodness, no!" she answered, too quickly for him to think she was lying. She shook her head, knowing she sounded ridiculous. "I suppose many women patronize that establishment for that purpose, but that definitely wasn't my goal." And then she realized what she'd just said, remembered what had happened and felt her face heat up with the painful blush at those memories. "Well, anyway..."

Rocco didn't prod at that statement. At least not yet. He'd definitely get back to the issue of the night, or at least, part of the night that they'd spent together. Because that part was definitely going to be repeated. "So what was so fascinating about that club on that particular night?"

"You," she finally said, putting her knife and fork down at a perfect angle. She picked up her coffee cup once again, thinking caffeine would help her brain start working more effectively. "I was there to find you."

His eyebrows went up with her bold statement. "I'm flattered, but probably shouldn't be."

She carefully placed her cup down beside her plate and hid her hands underneath the table. Turning to face him, she gave him her full attention now, wanting him to understand that she wasn't always silly. She had a goal and she was determined to get her story. "No. I was there to do a story on the real you. I wanted to find out what kind of man you are without all the cameras around you. But I think I found something even more fascinating." She debated for a moment, then decided to come right out and say it. "Who was the man you were meeting with that night?" she asked.

Rocco's eyes suddenly closed off. She was treading in dangerous territory now. "Who says I was meeting a man?" he asked.

She smiled suddenly, enjoying the cat and mouse game. It was thrilling to try and go head to head with a man like Rocco. "I have pictures," she said with a victorious grin. "I don't know who he was, but I'm going to find out."

Rocco chuckled and shook his head. "Perhaps it was simply a friend."

Her grin widened even more. "You didn't treat him as if he were a friend. You were treating him like he was a stranger standing next to you."

Rocco leaned back, prepared to enjoy her for as long as he could. "I am polite to people I meet in social environments. One never knows when a new acquaintance will become useful."

Her eyes narrowed as she looked across the table at him. "Strangers don't pass secret notes to each other."

Rocco went very still, wondering how much she knew. "What note?" he asked, but he knew exactly what she was talking about. He might have underestimated this little lovely, he thought. She'd been inordinately perceptive about his meeting and how the hell had she seen the plan that night?

The cold, hard look in his eyes frightened her, but she instinctively knew that the letter was much more important than what she'd previously been thinking, simply by his reaction. "The note that you slipped into your coat pocket."

Rocco watched her carefully. The look in her eyes was still curious. If she'd read the note, she wouldn't be here. She'd be at her desk, submitting the story of a lifetime. So he forced his body to relax once again. But his interest was piqued even more. "What was on the note?"

He watched in fascination as her eyes clouded with confusion. Bingo, he thought. Those pretty green eyes couldn't hold his gaze and she looked away. His pretty little fairy had no idea about the kind of minefield she'd seen passed along two nights ago.

"I didn't get a very good picture of it, unfortunately." She hated admitting that, wishing she hadn't been so...flustered, for lack of a better word...the night she was fleeing from his bedroom.

Rocco considered what she'd said, trying to read between the lines. And as his mind sifted through what he knew of this woman already, he came to the obvious conclusion. "You tried to take a picture of it the night you ran away from me, didn't you?"

Brianna desperately wished she could stop this irritating blushing, but it just kept rising up. If only the man weren't so...masculine. And appealing.

No! He wasn't appealing! He was a criminal! She was not attracted to the bad boy types, she reminded herself firmly. This man was going to jail and she was going to put him there! "Whatever the reason, I'll figure out what's going on. I'm going to dig into everything, find out what you're hiding."

His eyebrows went up. "And what are you hoping to discover about me and my nefarious business dealings?" he chuckled. Her passion really was delightful.

She squirmed in her chair, wondering why he was so casual about all of this. Shouldn't he be nervous? Or was he so sure about his abilities to hide his illegal pursuits, it equated to absolute confidence? "You're too charming," she snapped, looking back down at her plate so she could concentrate. "You're too well spoken, too controlled. Initially, I was trying to get the story on whether you're really a horrible person when the cameras weren't filming. Now I want to know what was on that paper and what you're doing that's going to put you in jail."

This was a total surprise, and yet another piece that didn't make sense. "So you're a reporter that was trying to get at the real Rocco Antoniv," he said, ignoring the issue of what she perceived as illegal activities. Surprisingly he was impressed with both her tenacity and her idea that he was too charming to be real although he didn't know why. He should probably be insulted but she was just too beautiful and he was too distracted by her lips. And her eyes. She had startlingly beautiful, green eyes. "And what did you discover? Do I have any dark secrets? Are you going to tell the world about my temper tantrums?"

She hid her irritation at his patronizing tone. "A person can only pretend for a limited amount of time. My plan is to interview your employees, to find out what you're like behind closed doors."

He chuckled and captured her green eyes with his golden ones. "You already know what I'm like behind closed doors. Would you like more information?"

She gasped, her eyes dropping from his eyes to his mouth, her own going dry just at the thought of a repeat of the other night.

"Tempted?" he asked softly, his voice husky as he watched her body respond to the idea of sex with him. Damn! She was beautiful and responsive.

She shook her head. "Not at all," she said and looked away, picking up her glass of juice and taking a long sip. "Regardless, my story has expanded. Not only am I going to reveal to the world that you aren't as charming as you come across, but they're also going to find out that you're not the knight in shining armor that they all believe of you."

He leaned back, the intensity of the moment broken. "Knight in shining armor, eh?" he chuckled. "I doubt anyone thinks that, but it is flattering, regardless."

She was getting angry, both by his tone and the fact that he wasn't riled, not in the least. "You're going down, Mr. Antoniv."

He threw back his head and laughed, delighted by her temper. "I believe, under the circumstances, that we are on a first name basis with each other, Brianna."

She felt uncomfortable, because yes, she'd slept with him, but no, she didn't feel like she had a personal connection with the man. Well, besides the obvious. "We're not friends."

He smiled again. "We will be," he promised, giving her a heated look that told her he was speaking more about the intimate kind of friendship. "Regardless," he said, breaking the tension that had been building up during their conversation, "since you and I are stuck here for a while, it looks like you are going to get to know me. Our time over the next few days will allow you to finish the story and figure out if you were completely off track."

Her eyes glanced up to his, startled by the statement. "What do you mean? What's happening in the next few days?" She looked out the window at the snow that continued to fall. "And I'm not staying here. I have to go home."

"I'm afraid that's not possible," he told her firmly.

She looked at him like he'd grown a second head. "I'll definitely be going home. And there's really no way to stop me."

He smiled but it wasn't a smile of amusement. Brianna's stomach clenched at his current smile and, at that moment, she knew she was in deep trouble.

"I'm sure there are ways I could convince you to stay with me."

For a long moment, she couldn't respond, her mind leaping right back to the heat and pleasure she knew he could deliver. She wanted him...but no! This wasn't what she was here for!

She looked away and squared her shoulders, her chin automatically jutting out as if she were about to take on a fight. "No." She shook her head for emphasis. "We did that once, and that was enough for me."

He laughed outright, then his eyes captured her green ones again. "Ah, Brianna," he said very softly, his voice like a soft caress just as his eyes traveled down her slender figure. "That was not a one night wonder, my dear. We will be together again. Don't doubt that for a moment." He let those words hang in the air, the tension gripping her even more tightly. "But as for your departure, I don't even need to stop you. As I said earlier, the roads are completely impassable."

She blinked at the abrupt change in topics and breathed a sigh of relief. Snow was an easy topic. She could handle snow. Sex? She couldn't handle that topic. "The snow clearing crews will be along soon and will clear everything off."

He smiled again. "That would be true in other parts of the country perhaps. But you and I both know that the snow clearing capabilities of rural roads are generally last on the priority list. The highways and major thoroughfares come first. And we're up in the mountains where the possibility of a snow plow coming through before the end of the week is pretty slim." He shook his head with that challenging look in his eyes that never failed to cause shivers of anticipation to run through her body. "No, I have no fear that you will try and leave my...stimulating...company too soon."

She bit her lip, not sure what to do now. There wasn't a manual on how a serious journalist should react so she had to make things up as events occurred. Not her strength. She was a planner, organized and methodical.

"I can't stay here," she whispered, cringing only slightly when the words came out almost as a plea.

He took a sip of his orange juice, contemplating what he was about to suggest. He never let women into his personal domain. It was a hard and fast rule that he'd never ignored. But he couldn't deny that he wanted this woman to stay here this weekend. Why that was the case, he had no idea. But he was following his gut on this issue. Besides, he needed to keep her out of the way and safe until his plan was finished. It was imperative that no one leak any information before everything was finished. Now that the pieces had been set in motion, any disturbance could result in violence.

"The snow has trapped us here but I'm not worried. Feel free to stay here in warmth and relative comfort while you write either of your stories. I will give you whatever information I can, when it is appropriate to provide you with information. There are many pieces at play right now and I can't jeopardize an ongoing project by giving you too much too soon. But never fear, your other goal, to prove that I'm an absolute ogre, is not an issue. You can do all the research you'd like and I will be your willing research subject," he paused while his eyes lit up with the sexual innuendo, chuckling when her face predictably pinkened once again. "One of my staff members has already retrieved your personal things from your car but there weren't any clothes. Just your computer and purse. But I'm sure there are some clothes around here you could borrow."

She couldn't believe this. "No, I really need to leave. I can just walk to the hotel that's about a mile or two down the street." Her fingers were shaking at the idea of staying here in this man's house, or more specifically, in his presence, for an extended period of time. Rocco was dangerous to her personally.

Rocco grimaced inwardly. So much for the gentle approach. He'd have to lay down the law, something he hadn't wanted to do if he could convince her to stay for another reason. "First of all, you are here in my care and I simply can't let you go out in this snow. The hotel is too far and you don't have the appropriate clothes to keep you warm enough in a snow storm. And even if you did, I'm sorry, but you'll have to stay here regardless."

Brianna heard the words, but she couldn't quite absorb their meaning. "Excuse me?" she prompted with wide, worried eyes.

"As I mentioned, I have several...delicate...issues happening right now. And I can't have you leaving here. The possibility of information getting out would be too dangerous for too many people at this juncture of the project."

The image of the letter she'd poorly taken came to mind and she bit the side of her mouth to keep herself from asking him about it. "What sort of delicate business dealings?" she asked, her mind spinning as she tried to figure out what was going on.

He chuckled at the light that appeared in her eyes and shook his head. "Everything will be revealed to you soon."

She thought about her cell phone, wanting to read the letter again before she called the police or someone else who might be able to help her out of the situation.

He could almost see the wheels turning. "You're cell phone has been put in a safe place," he told her, reading her mind. It wasn't hard, he thought with amusement. Everything she was thinking was right there on her beautiful face.

Her eyes snapped up to his again and her stomach clenched in fear. "Why would you do that?"

"So you can't call one of your reporter friends and ask them to look up information about what's happening in the foreign markets," he told her, purposely giving her a clue. If she wanted to be a reporter, he'd give her the clues. And the whole damn story at the end of the weekend. But right now, he couldn't let her have access to the outside world.

He leaned forward and picked up his fork. "But never fear. There is something big going down. Stay with me this weekend, without any problems, and I'll give you clues about what's happening." He took a bite of his omelet, looking down at hers as if she should eat as well.

They both ate in silence for several minutes while Brianna mulled over his words. There was definitely a story here, not to mention the fact that the man was practically kidnapping her which she suspected was a story in itself. She ignored the fact that she'd snuck into his barn which might be considered breaking and entering...oh, and he'd mentioned trespassing could be added to her list of crimes. But surely kidnapping trumped anything she'd done. And there was the mysterious "things happening" that she could try and figure out.

Clearly he wasn't so dangerous to her personally that she couldn't stay here with him. The house was big enough and he'd probably just work in his office somewhere. She might not even need to see him except when she was sneaking around his house, trying to discover whatever it was he was trying to hide.

Hmmm...was that another crime she'd have to confess to when all of this was over? The legal aspects of reporting were definitely getting to be a difficult mine field to maneuver through.

"Besides keeping me out of the way and away from electronic communication devices so I don't mess things up for you, why would you help me with either story? Surely you don't want your ogre side revealed to the world and whatever criminal activities you're up to, I'm guessing you want those to remain a secret. What am I missing?" She was feeling a little awkward because all of this seemed too good to be true. She didn't trust him. Not one little bit.

Despite her skepticism, his amusement and confidence didn't waver at all. "Any incentive to keep you here willingly, in the house or with me where you won't cause any problems, will help me out."

She bit her lower lip, contemplating the whole situation. Stay here? With this man?

He didn't add in that he wanted her here, in his bed. He figured that would send her out of his house, frantically trying to claw her way towards her car and freedom from the terrifying feelings they stirred within each other. Her distrust of him, her wariness and determination to prove he was a bad person explained so much. Including why she'd rushed out of his house the other night. Her staying here with him would allow him to get to know her, to prove that he wasn't the bad guy and maybe, once he got those fears out of the way, they could continue with their relationship. An intimacy he was determined to win back. One night with this lovely lady was definitely not enough.

Brianna thought about it long and hard, unaware that she'd finished off her entire omelet as well as all the fruit he'd piled onto her plate. She was now working her way through one of the blueberry muffins while she sorted through the whole scenario. She looked over at him, her mind noting his warm golden eyes, the dark hair with that sexy lock that fell over his forehead. He was too big, she thought nervously. She'd held this man in her arms, had felt his body move...

She blushed and looked away, not wanting to remember the things his incredible body had done to her.

"What just went through your head," he asked her softly, sipping his coffee and enjoying the way her facial features moved ever so slightly while she contemplated all the issues facing her over the next few days.

Brianna looked up at him, startled. She hadn't heard him end his call and had thought he hadn't been paying attention to her. She swallowed the blueberry muffin that was suddenly caught in her throat. "Um...." She couldn't think of a reasonable excuse fast enough and his eyes changed from curious, to knowing. Darn him, he'd known exactly what she'd been thinking about. Could he really read her mind so easily?

No, staying here, in this house with him, wasn't a good idea. She might really get to know him, but she...well, she just ....it wasn't a good idea. She wasn't going to tell him that though. She didn't know him and wasn't sure if he might force her to stay. It was better to lure him into a false sense of security where her motives were concerned. She could sneak out of the house at some point. The man couldn't watch her all the time, she reassured herself.

On the other hand, the thought of a good story, one that would show the rest of the world that she was a serious reporter, was an interesting temptation. Was he serious? Would he really give her a good story? Or was this all a complicated ruse? The devil was in the details. "How long do I have to stay? And what kinds of clues will you give me?" she asked, thinking of the picture on her cell phone.

"There are many moving parts. So as each part is completed, I'll let you know about it. It will be up to you to connect all the dots." He wasn't sure how long everything would take to play out. That was determined by the players and he had no control over how quickly they discovered his plan. But he didn't tell her that, correctly assuming she might back out with any indefinite time period.

Her fingernails drummed a rhythm on the table beside her plate as she contemplated his statement. "And how long do I have to stay?"

She was smart as well as beautiful, he thought with a smile. Needing to give her some time frame, even if it wasn't accurate, he said, "Everything should be finished by the end of the weekend, middle of next week at the latest if everything goes according to my plans."

She debated with herself long and hard, but in the end, it wasn't really a question. Of course she would stay here. Or maybe she could mentally prepare to stay here just as long as he followed through on his end of the bargain. If she thought he was just stringing her along, she'd be out of here! "How do I know I'll be the first reporter to get the story?"

He laughed, loving the sparkle in her eyes and the rosy flush of excited color in her cheeks. "I can't guarantee that you will be the first, but I can ensure that you'll have the most thorough story, if I have your cooperation to stay here until everything is finished. The other reporters will only be getting the parts. I promise, you'll get the big picture."

As she contemplated his offer, she was unaware of her tongue poking out the side of her mouth or the way her head tilted, giving him a tempting view of her full breasts. "And if you end up in jail because of my report?"

Rocco threw back his head and laughed. "I'll even let you film the handcuffs being put on."

She narrowed her eyes. "Is this one of those too-good-to-be-true situations that I should be running from?"

He smiled and nodded his head. "Probably."

She sat back in her chair, something not calculating properly. He seemed too open to the idea and it worried her. But wasn't this what a good reporter would do? Take the risks? Dive into the story with both feet?

"Fine," she stated firmly and was rewarded by something bursting in his eyes that she couldn't quite define, but that made her feel all warm and gooey inside. "After you're arrested, I want a jail cell interview as well."

He leaned forward and poured her more coffee. "I'll agree to that, as long as I get to use the handcuffs as well when it is my turn."

She blushed painfully with his words and ignored the sexual innuendo.

It occurred to her that the man was astoundingly calm for someone who might be facing jail time. But then she realized that Rocco Antoniv man had international contacts. He might be out of the country by the time she put everything together.

She picked up her coffee cup, staring at him over the edge. "So you're going to continue to be cavalier about this?" she asked, wiggling in her seat in discomfort despite the fact that that was exactly what he wanted her to feel. She fought against it, but in the end, she was just too embarrassed by the mention of handcuffs. She wasn't even completely sure what one would do with handcuffs but she was fairly certain she didn't want to find out.

"I don't think there's any other option," he said and leaned back against his chair. "Since you're going to be staying here with me, what would you like to do today?"

Brianna almost choked on her orange juice. "With you?"

"Of course." He looked at her with that amusement that never failed to irritate her. "I'm your host. I am here to entertain you."

She shook her head. "Why don't you just go about your business like I'm not even here?"

He chuckled. "What kind of a host would I be if I ignored you?" he asked, leaning forward. He reached out and, before she knew what he was going to do, pulled a lock of hair away from her cheek and tucked it behind her ear. The gesture would probably be sweet and kind if anyone else had done it, but when he did it, she felt all those terrifying tingles in her cheek that quickly radiated outwards towards every part of her body. Her breath caught in her throat and she couldn't breathe for a long time.

"I know what I'd like to do," he said softly, his eyes holding hers, captured and not relinquishing his hold.

She felt his words, and the intention behind them, all the way down to her toes. "Not that," she whispered back, telling herself to look away, but she couldn't move. She felt stranded, gasping for air while he controlled her somehow.

He smiled wickedly. "I know you'll like what I'm going to suggest."

"Not that," she repeated and somehow, deep within her, she found the will to pull her eyes away. "I'll never do that again with you."

He watched her as she pushed the remnants of her omelet on her plate back and forth, finding her nervousness very telling. She was startlingly beautiful in the morning light. She didn't have any makeup on and her eyes were bright with anxiety. He almost wished he could ease her concern, but he didn't know what was bothering her so much. Well, besides the fact that she thought she was consorting with a criminal. He couldn't help but enjoy the irony of that idea but focused on the day ahead.

"I was only going to suggest a game of chess," he said and almost laughed out loud at the surprise in her eyes. "What did you think I was going to suggest?" he asked, already knowing the answer but wanting her to tell him. He wanted to see if she would actually say the words out loud.

And he was right. She looked down, still playing with the food on her china plate. "Chess would be lovely," she finally got out, the telltale blush moving up her neck and flaring into her cheeks.

"Excellent. Are you any good at chess?" he asked, rubbing his hands together in excitement.

She leaned back, taking a sip of her coffee so she could hide behind her coffee cup. "Not at all," she lied.

He chuckled and finished off his coffee. "Good. More lying. I'm glad to know that you're consistent at least. Let's me know where you stand."

He stood up and Brianna downed the rest of the coffee as fast as she could. "Why do you think I'm lying?" she asked, knowing she should feel affronted, but somehow, she was only intrigued.

"Come along," he told her but didn't wait for her reply as he grabbed her hand and pulled her out of her seat. She almost choked on her coffee but was able to put it back down on the delicate saucer before she was launched out of her chair.

"I guess we're playing chess now?" she asked, but it wasn't really a question since he was leading her down a very long hallway covered in black and white tiles. She'd always wanted a room with black and white tiles but they were surprisingly hard to find lately. She would have done her entire kitchen in the tiles. Unfortunately, she wasn't able to admire the decor since the illustrious and suspicious Rocco Antoniv was dragging her through the doorway and into a smaller room. She was about to sit down in the chair when he stopped her and pulled her around. She was startled when his arms moved around her, holding her close to his hard physique. "What...?" she was about to say, pushing her palms against his chest, trying to hold him away if not push him away so there was more space between them. As it was, they were connected from knees to stomach and the feeling was not so much disturbing as...terrifying.

Her surprised eyes moved warily upwards. "I want to know why you left my place the other night," he demanded.

Brianna blinked and looked straight ahead at the enormous chest in front of her, feeling vulnerable with his directness. She wasn't used to people asking such blatant questions. In her world, people moved around the issue, prodded it, looked at it curiously but they never just blurted out their direct questions as if the issue was as easy as answering if it were night or day. Well, except for Nikki and Rachel. Those two stepped in where others feared to go, asking, demanding, cajoling.

She tried to be casual, tried to pretend like it had been just a fun night. "We had sex," she said, choking on the last word. "It was very nice but we can't let it happen again."

He smiled slightly, still holding her close. "Oh, it's definitely going to happen again," he promised. "The question is, when will you be brave enough to allow yourself the pleasure?"

She tried to breathe, but her eyes looked up, stopped when she saw the intense, burning heat in his eyes. And the absolute conviction of his words. She swallowed, trying to figure out what to say. "I..."

"No, don't say anything," he told her. "I won't believe them and it will simply draw my eyes to those lovely lips of yours."

He released her with those words and moved over to a beautiful chess table surrounded by two large, comfortable wingback chairs set by the window. It was a lovely view where they could play chess and still watch the snow fall outside. Brianna fought the idea that this was an enchanting scene and took the offered seat, wondering how she was going to fight her attraction to the man. She would have thought it was banished from her mind, knowing what she knew about this man now. But there was still something about him that drew her, lured her closer. She didn't like that about herself. She wanted to be oblivious to his masculinity.

"You may have the first move," he said kindly, leaning back against the chair, watching her carefully but with an odd look in his eyes.

Brianna moved closer, surveying the board and trying to anticipate his strategy. But since nothing on the board had moved, she shifted her pawn forward two steps.

"Brave move," he teased.

She rolled her eyes, not interested in having him mock her. She might not be able to take on a chess expert, but she could hold her own in a game of chess.

"Just make your move and forget all the witty repartee," she told him firmly.

"Don't like being distracted?" he asked her, pushing his own piece into position.

"I don't like someone thinking I'm an idiot, which is exactly what you are doing." She moved another pawn, forming her line.

"On the contrary," he countered, moving his bishop. "I think you're supremely competent."

"Now you're just setting me up, thinking I'm not an adequate player."

For the next hour, they shifted their pieces, taunting each other with superbly executed strategy. By the end of the game, she was actually laughing at his verbal taunts even while he put her in checkmate.

"Okay, I concede defeat," she said as she leaned back in the chair, smothering another chuckle. "Where did you learn to play so well?" she asked, thinking back to her lessons at the community center. It was the one place where she'd felt safe. She, Rachel and Nikki would spend hours there, hiding from the people on the street who were out to hurt any pedestrians in order to increase their credibility with the others. It was all a matter of survival. Whoever was the toughest on the street was able to walk down the sidewalks with relative ease.

Rocco leaned back in his chair, admiring her skill and beauty. "A kid down the street from me used to challenge me all the time. He beat me once and wanted to play again and again. Unfortunately for him, he never beat me afterwards although he tried many times."

"Who taught you?" she asked, thinking of all the books she'd read on strategy.

"I taught myself," he came right back. "So what would you like to eat for lunch?" he asked.

She shook her head and stood up, stretching slightly as she backed away. "I'm not really hungry," she said.

He stood up as well and came closer, his finger touching the dark circles under her eyes. "Would you like to rest for a little while?" he asked, sensing her fatigue.

She didn't want to admit any weakness around this man, but she also couldn't deny that she was bone tired. She'd been able to ignore it while playing but only because he'd challenged her mentally. He'd never allowed her a moment to relax which was what she'd needed. Even now that he was close to her, her body was remembering just how incredible it felt when he touched her, kissed her. She'd been on fire, was even now feeling the heat of him.

She took a quick step back, flustered at how much he could affect her. "Thank you. That would be extremely nice," she told herself. She thought about the idea of getting away from here as well.

"I'll walk you back to the guest room," he said and led her out of the room and up the grand, curving staircase.

As she walked, she tried to peek into each of the rooms. She'd seen pictures of houses like this in the newspaper and online many times, but she'd never had the opportunity to actually be inside one. It was astounding how much space one man needed in his country home.

"Why do you have so many rooms?" she asked when they were walking down the hallway. They'd already passed by at least six bedrooms and were heading towards the wide, double doors at the end. A thought struck her and she was suddenly afraid that he was about to bring her into the master suite. She'd never be able to sleep if she were in his room, nor would she even enter it. She'd done that once and the results had been disastrous. She couldn't do that to her self-esteem again. Not with this man.

Thankfully, he opened the door next to the double doors and she breathed a sigh of relief. And then she gasped in delight as she saw the lovely room done in soft lavender with a fluffy white comforter, sheer curtains tied back at the four corners of the bed that went all the way up to the ceiling. There were probably ten or more pillows on the bed, making it look warm and inviting. "That's a lot of pillows for a man's house."

He looked at the pillows and shook his head. "Why do women think that a bed should be half covered with pillows all the time?" he asked with obvious disdain.

She laughed softly. "Possibly to torture men when they are required to make the bed in the morning."

He made a rude sound and backed out of the room. "Sleep well. I'll see you when you're feeling more rested."

With that, he disappeared and Brianna was left to explore the beautiful room by herself.

She looked at the bed, smiling at how inviting it looked. She thought she would just lie down for a few minutes but as she snuggled up among the pillows, she couldn't keep her eyes open any longer. The stress of the past few days, plus the challenge of keeping up with Rocco left her exhausted.

A bit later, Rocco looked at his watch and smiled with anticipation. His lovely houseguest had been sleeping for two hours. He probably should let her sleep a bit longer, but he was eager to see her bright, cheerful smile again. And hopefully hold her soft, delectable body in his arms once more.

He opened the door to the room and looked in on her, spotting her curled up among the pillows. Again, he was struck by how fairy-like she seemed. With her eyes closed, her long, dark lashes fanned out against her pale skin. And those lips were just too enticing to resist. Bending low, he intended to just kiss her softly to wake her up. But when her lips moved against his, he couldn't pull away. Her hand even came up, holding his head in place.

Rocco braced his arms on the mattress on either side of her, keeping his body apart but enjoying her kiss, following her lead.

He knew the instant she woke up more fully and deepened the kiss, enjoying the way her arms wrapped around his neck, pulling him closer. He groaned when her body curled against his, her leg shifting so she was cradling his erection against her warm body.

A man could only take so much enticement, he thought with regret. And he was reaching his limit quickly. "Brianna, if you don't mean what you're doing to me, then you have to stop."

She was slow to react, her eyes fluttering open and her body arching against his slightly. But as soon as reality hit her, she froze, her eyes focusing up into his.

"Oh goodness," she gasped. Those soft, tender hands that had been fluttering against his skin quickly fell away and Rocco almost groaned at how fast she tried to wiggle away from him.

He stood up and looked down at her, trying to get his body back under control. "I only came up to see if you were hungry for some lunch," he said, noticing that his voice sounded deeper than normal.

Brianna looked up at him, blushing as her eyes caught on his body's reaction and she was ashamed. "Lunch," she said as if testing the word and the idea. She licked her lips, unaware that his passion filled eyes were watching her every movement. "Um...yes," she thought quickly. "Lunch would be very nice. Thank you."

He stepped backwards but grabbed both of her arms, pulling her against him and holding her still. "Brianna, I stopped because I don't want anything less than what we shared the previous night. And I wanted you to be fully aware, making the decision to be with me with your mind fully conscious."

She started to shake her head, but his hands slid down from her waist to her hips, pulling her close and she was shocked by the hardness against her stomach.

"Don't even think that we're not going to enjoy each other again. Don't lie to yourself and don't lie to me. We will be together, Brianna. There's no way we can stop ourselves. You know it and I know it. Even your body is rebelling against your crazy need to ignore what's happening between us."

"I'm not..." she started to say.

"No. Don't speak. I'm not going to allow you to ignore this." He took a deep breath even while one hand moved back up her back, sending shivers everywhere to reinforce his point. "Let's go have some lunch. Then how about exploring in the snow?" he suggested.

Brianna latched onto that, eager to get out of the house where he was fast becoming too much of a temptation. "Lunch and a walk would be very nice. Thank you."

They went down to the dining room and feasted on a warm casserole filled with vegetables and spicy chicken. During the whole meal, Rocco interrogated her on her job, her goals and tried to question her about her friends and her past. But Brianna drew the line at revealing any personal information about her growing up years. She never told anyone about being in a foster home, about the horrors of losing her parents at such an early age and the fear of being alone. And there was no way she would tell him anything about Nikki or Rachel. Her friends were precious to her, more like sisters. The three of them had grown up so poor and so filled with the heartache of that poverty, they had a special bond.

Nikki had been their protector, Rachel had been their tutor and Brianna had been the one both of them came to for comfort when someone said a horrible comment or a boy tried to make a move on one of them, thinking that poverty equaled low morals.

So all of that might be true, and possibly even pertinent to some of the questions he was asking, but she avoided all mention of her friends, protecting them from this man she didn't trust.

Well, she shouldn't trust him...as soon as she said the world in her mind, she realized that they just didn't feel right. But surely it was impossible to start trusting someone she barely knew.

Wasn't it?

"Okay, so you've interrogated me," she interrupted when their plates were taken away by the ever-efficient housekeeper, "now it's my turn."

"Outside," he came back.

Brianna blinked, not sure what he was saying. "Outside?"

"Yes. I'll answer all of your questions, but it has to be outside."

Brianna looked out the large windows of the cozy dining room, her eyes lighting up at the idea of tromping through the fresh snow. And then she realized that she only had one pair of jeans and the sweatshirt she'd worn yesterday. "I can't go outside. I don't have anything to wear."

His housekeeper walked in at that moment to clear the rest of the table. "My daughter's away for college but she left most of her clothes here. You may borrow anything you'd like." She picked up the casserole dish. "I'll have my husband bring over some snow clothes and other items. And never worry about your clothes. I'll have them washed and ironed for you whenever you need them."

She walked back out and Brianna saw Rocco's triumphant expression. Since she loved walking through the snow, she didn't fight the option. "Fine! You win," she acquiesced, throwing up her hands with an exasperated laugh.

Ten minutes later, she was bundled up in snow pants and one of Rocco's winter coats, feeling more than a little overwhelmed by the amount of fabric. He even plunked a wool cap on her head and tied a scarf around her neck before stuffing her hands into gloves that were slightly too big, but would still keep her warm and dry.

"Am I appropriately attired, sir?" she asked sarcastically.

Rocco looked down at her and grinned with a wink. "You'll do for now," he retorted.

With that, he took her hand and led her out of the house in the direction of the stables where she'd hunkered down last night. "Here," he said, handing her an apple.

"What am I supposed to do with this?" she asked, looking at the large red apple in her hands.

"You're going to feed one of the horses."

She looked down at the apple again, then at the stables. "My friend Nikki is terrified of horses," she said with a grin.

Rocco looked down at her. "Who is Nikki?" he asked, intrigued.

Brianna bit her lip, wishing she'd never said anything. She looked up at him, knowing he wouldn't relent until he had some sort of answer. So she came up with a reply that wouldn't violate her friends' privacy, but would assuage his curiosity. "Nikki, Rachel and I were a trio growing up. Nikki was fearless, except about horses." They tromped out through the door down a stone pathway that had already been plowed. "There was one time we were on a camping trip with some youth organization. We were listening to an environmental discussion on saving the creeks and lakes, holding shovels as we prepared to work on soil erosion by planting some sort of shrub or bush, I can't remember what. Nikki was saying something and she slammed her shovel down, tip first into the ground, right into a snake. She'd chopped off the head without even realizing what she'd just done."

Rocco chuckled, fascinated by this piece of information she'd volunteered willingly. "What did you do?" he asked gently, wanting her to continue.

Brianna laughed. "I grabbed Rachel's hand and screamed. She looked down and started screaming as well. Between the two of us screaming, the rest of the group ran over, trying to find out what had happened." Brianna gasped when Rocco lifted her up, away from one of the deeper snow drifts and carefully set her down on the other side of him where the snow was lower. She took a deep breath, trying to pull her mind back into focus. "Anyway, Nikki looked down, realized what she'd done and smiled. All she said was, 'Cool!' as if the snake hadn't fazed her in the least."

Rocco smiled, but it was more for this lovely mystery woman. The more she told him about herself, the more he wanted to know. "So I'm guessing you and Rachel aren't fans of snakes?"

"Goodness, no!"

"And what about horses?"

She laughed slightly. "That's what brought up the memory. Nikki was so fearless, but there's something about horses that terrifies her. She never hesitated to stand up to a bully, challenge one of the teachers, or fight for either Rachel or me if she felt we were wronged. But horses?" Brianna shook her head. "I don't know what it is about them, but she is terrified."

"They're actually very gentle creatures."

"It probably has something to do with their size compared to her size."

"What's Nikki like?"

Brianna smiled softly. "Nikki is beautiful. I'm not sure if Rachel or Nikki is prettier, but all the guys used to flock around the two of them. Nikki would just push them away. Rachel barely knew they existed since all she wanted to do was study. But the boys were never deterred."

Rocco suspected that many of the boys had been trying to get this lovely lady's attention as well and he felt honored that none had ever captured her interest. At least not to the same extent as he'd been able to accomplish.

They entered the stables and Brianna looked around, fascinated by the area now that there was light and she could see the space. She actually blushed when she passed by the corner in which she'd fallen asleep, wondering how there could be spiders around when the ground was so cold. She supposed that it was still early enough in the season that the spiders hadn't gone underground yet, but she wasn't an entomologist so she could only guess. And then she noticed the warmth. "You heat the stables?" she asked.

Rocco smiled slightly as he petted the nose of one horse affectionately. "Only on the very cold nights. The horses are getting their winter coats so they're generally warm enough. I only have a few horses since I don't get to ride as often as I'd like, and they're out in the pasture most of the time."

She continued to ask him questions about horses while feeding one her apple, finding them more fascinating than she'd thought. "I'd love to ride one," she said and then froze, shocked at what she'd just admitted.

Spinning her head around, she looked up at him, flustered. "I mean...I'll...uh..." she wasn't sure how to get out of that flub.

"I'll take you riding as soon as the snow melts," he said, moving closer.

She back away, even as he came closer. "I won't be here when the snow melts enough for you to ride."

He chuckled and backed her into a corner. "Yes you will." Why was he so sure about that? He preferred his privacy. He didn't like women hanging around. They were nice for one purpose. After that, he was all business.

Not with Brianna, he realized. She was different. He didn't want to leave her alone. He wanted to know everything about her. He was fascinated. And he wanted her.

Backing away, he turned to greet one of the other horses that had stuck his head out in greeting. "This is Thor," he explained.

Brianna came a bit closer, but still kept more than a foot between them. She'd been hoping he would kiss her a moment ago and that was dangerous. She had to keep her wits about her with this man. Where was the temper tantrum she'd expected? Why wasn't he growling demands at his staff? She knew he wasn't as charming and patient as he was coming across.

"Why are you so nice to your staff?" she blurted out.

Rocco turned to look down at her and chuckled. Grabbing her hand, he pulled her closer, ignoring her resistance until she was standing right in front of him, her back to his chest. In this way, he was almost hugging her. "Thor might be strong and powerful, but he actually is quite the attention hound," Rocco explained, ignoring her question since he had no idea how to answer her. Why was he nice to his staff? He was good to the people who served him because he appreciated their help and they all worked hard for him. He wasn't so nice to his directors and managers. He expected a great deal from each of them and knew the levels to which they could perform.

Instead of telling her all that, he took her hand and showed her how to pet the horse.

"I don't..." she started to say, unconsciously pressing her back against him to try and put space between herself and the enormous horse's head in front of her.

"You do," he countered, not letting her move away. "Just like this," he told her as he lifted her hand, placing it on the horse's nose.

Thor turned his head slightly to get more of her hand, sniffing her scent. "Don't be nervous," Rocco coached, his voice very close to her ear. "He's just trying to smell you. Turn your hand like this." And he turned her hand so the palm was up, giving Thor more access to her hand and her scent.

Brianna giggled slightly at the ticklish feeling of the horse's whiskers against her palm. "He's sweet."

Rocco smiled but knew she couldn't see him. "He's a wild beast when you get him on the open trails," he said. "He likes to take off, see how fast he can go."

Brianna tilted her head so she could see him. "Just like you?"

Rocco laughed and wrapped his arm around her waist, squeezing gently. "He and I get along pretty well, once he knows who's in charge."

Initially she'd stiffened at his touch, but after only a second, she relaxed. Even smiled and rolled her eyes at his comment before turning back to the horse. "He wants to run around in the pasture, doesn't he?"

Rocco patted the horse again before moving on to the next stall and handing Brianna another apple. "They all do, but the snow is too deep right now. My stable man might let them out later today, but they'll probably just come right back inside again."

"Why?"

"They don't want to be cold," he said as if that were the most obvious reason in the world.

Brianna grimaced. "Sorry. I guess that was a stupid question. I just thought, because of their winter coats, they wouldn't mind the cold."

"Normally they wouldn't. But I think at a basic level," he moved even closer, unable to stop himself despite the wary look that immediately came into her eyes, "that all creatures want warmth and comfort, a tender hand," he moved even closer, "and a bucket full of oats." That was so far from what she'd been expecting, Brianna couldn't help but laugh outright.

Rocco smiled, enjoying her laughter.

"Come along," he said. "We need some exercise." He took her hand and led her out of the stable, back out into the cold afternoon. "Tell me more about Nikki and Rachel."

Brianna turned her face towards the sunshine, closing her eyes and enjoying the bright light. "They're good friends. We would do anything for each other."

"How did you meet?" he asked.

This was not a subject she was going to delve into. "In school," she replied, an evasive, but safe answer.

Rocco knew exactly what she was trying to do, but he wasn't going to change the subject. The evasiveness of her reply told him that he had stumbled onto an important subject.

"It's interesting that you don't want to talk about your friends." He looked down at her. "Very revealing about who you are as a person."

Brianna pulled her hand out of his and put more space between them. "I just prefer to keep my professional and my personal life separate."

"And yet, you're here only so you can find out what all of my private secrets are. Ironies abound, don't you think?"

Brianna glared at him for a long moment, then decided he had a valid point. "Fine. What do you want to know?"

He smothered his amusement and looked towards the edge of the field. "Primarily, why don't you want me to know about your friends?"

She grumbled at that question. "Why are they so important to you?"

"We surround ourselves with people that make us comfortable. The fact that you don't want me to know about these women tells me that they might reveal a secret about your past."

She stomped ahead of him. "Rachel and Nikki are good, wonderful people. Rachel is married to a very nice man. I was in their wedding just last month. Nikki is a bit too independent to deal with a man. She's smart and beautiful and strong."

Rocco enjoyed watching the fire in her eyes. "Who is Rachel married to?"

"Just a man," Brianna replied, trying to respect Rachel's privacy. Her husband had a reputation for being almost a recluse in the world. Not in the small town in which the two of them lived. There, he was known as "Jack" and was a laid-back, fun-loving guy. But he was really a hard core investment broker and people shivered with fear whenever he ventured into New York City.

"Does this man have a name?" Rocco prompted.

Brianna shook his head. "I'm sorry. But the man prefers his privacy. I'll tell you what I can about my own friends, but Rachel's husband is off limits."

Rocco actually respected her more for that statement. "Okay, so tell me how you met your friends."

Brianna bit her lip, unaware of the biting cold. "Nikki and I met in a foster home," she finally said. "My mother died when I was a baby and my father," she stopped and looked around, unable to look at his face when she admitted the rest. "Well, he couldn't cope without her. And he sort of...checked out."

Rocco understood that her father had committed suicide and he cursed silently for this kind, generous woman. When a man becomes a father, there were more important things to consider than one's sadness over a lost spouse. The man had responsibilities to his child. "I'm sorry."

Brianna was surprised by the anger she detected in his voice. She'd always hated sympathy, finding it superficial and uncomfortable. But this man was angry on her behalf? "For what?" she asked softly.

"Because your father should have stood up and helped you instead of wallowing in self-pity. A child deserves better."

Brianna had thought those guilty feelings so often over the years but had suppressed them, feeling awful for even being angry at her father who had abandoned her, leaving her to the cruel and usually heartless world. Hearing him say the exact thing that she'd been thinking so many times released a band of steel around her chest she hadn't even realized was there. "Thank you," she said, not even thinking about it. Just feeling now.

Rocco took a deep breath, trying to release the anger. "And what about Nikki?"

Brianna started walking again. "Nikki's parents died in a car accident. We were in the same foster home."

"Was it a good one?" he asked, afraid of what she might say next. He'd heard some pretty horrible things about foster homes. Some were excellent with warm, caring people who helped children through some horribly difficult times. But there were some who could cripple a child's emotions and development with cruel treatment.

Brianna thought about that question for a moment. "It was a safe place to be," she finally responded.

Rocco knew there was more. "What did Nikki need to protect you from?"

Brianna turned to look up at him, squinting into the sunshine. "I'll tell you what, you answer one question for me answering one of yours. How about it?"

Rocco smiled and stepped closer. "Deal. So what did your friend protect you from?"

Smiling, she shook her head. "Nope. I've already answered several of yours. It's my turn to ask questions."

"No way. You just negotiated the terms. You can't make the deal retroactive. So give in," he commanded, stepping closer so that his head blocked the sun from her eyes. "Why did you need protection?"

She debated how to answer and was about to respond when he stopped her. "Don't even think about telling me a lie. I can see everything you're thinking on your face."

Brianna didn't like that, but she adjusted her answer so it was more honest. "The homes were safe enough. It was the other kids in school that Nikki helped Rachel and I deal with." Before he could even open his mouth to ask the next question, she stopped him with her own. "Who is the man I saw you pretending not to speak with at the dance club last week?"

Rocco smiled slightly. "His name was Nazar." With that, he turned and started walking away.

Brianna ground her teeth in frustration. A first name? Really? That was all he was going to give her?!

Nikki had taught her never to let someone take advantage of her and she wasn't going to start now. The man's phone rang and he was momentarily distracted as he answered the call.

Bending low, she grabbed a handful of snow, excited that it was early enough in the winter season so the temperatures weren't well below the freezing point. That made the snow perfectly packable and her gloved hands quickly formed a snowball.

In hindsight, she should have channeled her temper in a safer direction. But at the moment, she was too irritated by his non-answer and the numerous questions she'd answered for him. She'd been more than forthcoming about her life and he'd answered with just the man's first name? Oh no! She couldn't let him get away with that!

Nikki had taught her well. The snowball hit him smack on the back of the head. There was a silence as Rocco stood there with his back to her, the cell phone about an inch away from his ear.

And then he turned. Slowly, as if he still couldn't believe what she'd just done.

And even at that moment, she should have run. But instead, she stood there, smugly happy with her perfect aim.

"I'll have to call you back," he said to the person on the other end of the phone line. Without waiting for any response, he clicked the phone off, tucked it casually into his pocket, then....

Brianna's confident smile turned to a screech of horror and laughter as Rocco raced after her. She ran as fast as her shorter legs and the deep snow would allow, but she was no match for Rocco's longer and stronger stride. Within moments, she was flung down into the snow, landing with a laugh and a thud on top of his chest. Even then, she was up and running once again, slowed down by the laughter that was debilitating her.

The next thing she knew, she was plucked out of the snow and flung over Rocco's shoulder. "Do you give up?" he demanded.

Between gasping laughter, she tried to slip off of his shoulder.

"Never!" she yelled right back at him.

"I'll just have to ramp it up a bit," he came back.

Within moments, they were at the back door to his house and he flung her upright. But he wouldn't let her go and her laughter was still in full force. Even when he pinned her against the mudroom wall, her mind didn't acknowledge the danger she was in. So when his mouth covered hers, she was still laughing. Her hands automatically moved up to his broad shoulders and she gasped in excitement, still delirious from her laughing to stop him.

By the time his hands were moving up underneath her shirt, she could barely breathe because of the overwhelming desire that swamped her. It was just like the last time, only more intense.

"Tell me you want me," he commanded as his hands swiftly found her soft, full breasts.

"Would it matter?" she asked, her head falling backwards as his expert thumbs found her already hard nipples, slamming her with an electric jolt so strong, she could barely hold herself upright. If it weren't for his strong arms, she might have melted along with the snow puddling at their feet as it melted off of their bodies.

"Tell me!" he commanded more forcefully as his leg pressed between hers.

"Yes! Don't stop!" and she pressed her body closer to his, needing more, needing all of him. Her own hands were gripping his neck but she didn't want that any longer. She needed to touch him, to feel his skin and all those glorious muscles she'd felt the last time they'd been together.

A small part of her brain couldn't believe she wanted this so badly, needed him after only being in his company for one day and one night. But there was just something about him that she couldn't deny, something so elemental, it made her feel whole and complete when he was touching her and she could touch him.

He didn't carry her up to his bedroom this time. There wasn't any time. Their urgency was too intense, too demanding. He tore his hands away from her breasts and she cried out, instantly missing his touch. But then his arms lifted her up and he carried her into another room. She had no idea where they were, but suddenly she was laying down and he was standing over her, pulling her clothes off at such a rapid rate, she was naked in what felt like seconds.

There was no time to worry, no time to wonder about the crazy need that this man, only this man, could instigate so deep inside of her. As soon as her clothes were off, his hands were working on his own, discarding shirt, jeans and boxers at a surprisingly fast rate. A moment later, he was right back with her, leaning down and kissing her even as his body found hers, sliding skin against skin. Brianna groaned as she felt a tingling all over her body, pooling right at her core as her need increased to an almost painful level.

"Please, Rocco!" she begged as his legs moved between hers. She was more than ready for him but he wasn't ready to give her what she wanted. He moved lower, capturing her nipple with his mouth and teasing her. Brianna arched up against him, whimpering as the feelings overwhelmed her. "No more," she gasped, trying to pull his head away.

Rocco wasn't letting her get away with that. He gently took her hands and lifted them over her head, moving to her other breast and giving it equal attention.

When her legs shifted slightly, he was stunned that her simple movement, just the sensuous touch of her body against his, the incredible heat of her making his mind melt and his control simply disappear. He couldn't hold back any longer. Reaching down, he grabbed protection out of his jeans and put it on as fast as he could. When he came back to her, he hesitated at her opening. Looking down at her, he couldn't believe how perfect she was. For him. The idea of this woman in another man's arms made his gut clench with fury. It took him a full second to remember that she was his, right here with him.

"You're not leaving me, Brianna. Not this time. Understand?" he demanded. He wasn't sure what he meant about her not leaving him, but the steel band around his chest loosened when she quickly nodded her head in agreement.

When he plunged into her hot core, he felt like he was coming home.

And then he started moving. When her legs wrapped around his waist, pulling him in deeper, he almost lost it. Pulling back, he gritted his teeth, trying to regain even a small amount. "Don't do that, love," he groaned.

Brianna looked up at him, her fingers clenching at his shoulders desperately but with his words, she realized that he was right here with her, just as desperate and she felt a large measure of awe that she could have this kind of power over such a strong, amazingly powerful man. The pleasure inside of her increased to almost overwhelming stimulation. And then he started moving inside of her and she closed her eyes once more, moving against him.

Rocco gathered her close, taking control once more. "You're mine," he growled as he pressed into her, watching her face to understand how close she was coming, which way to move to give her maximum pleasure.

With just a few more strokes, he both watched and felt her explode around him, her body clenching him tighter, holding him closer. He knew she didn't realize that her nails were digging into his skin but he knew. And he thought he might have smiled but wasn't completely sure because he couldn't control his own climax at that moment.

He could honestly say that he'd never experienced such pleasure, such all-consuming, mind-blowing pleasure as he did with this slender beauty holding him in her soft arms. And when it was all over, he rolled to his side, holding her close, cradling her shivering body against his, tenderly stroking her back as he stared up at the ceiling, trying to come to terms with what he was feeling for a woman who was practically a stranger. Albeit a beautiful, kind and generous stranger. And one he instinctively knew he wanted to keep close to him. Forever.

Chapter 5

Hours later, Brianna sighed with contentment as she stretched against him, feeling every muscle in his long, hard body. Her own body reveled in the strength of his physique, wondering how two human beings could be so miraculously different.

"Asking for more of the same?" Rocco grumbled and rolled over on the bed he'd finally carried her to.

Brianna smiled in what she thought was a secret smile, but found out very quickly that she hadn't hidden anything from his knowing eyes. "What are you thinking?" he demanded, rolling her over so that she was once again underneath him.

She laughed but didn't push him away. "I'm not going to tell you."

One dark eyebrow went up with her challenge. "Are you saying you want me to torture it out of you?" he asked, his muscular thigh pressing between her legs.

Brianna gasped, already feeling the heat enter her body even before his mouth latched onto the side of her neck. "What are you doing?" she asked, her voice breathy and not very firm.

"I'm torturing you, of course."

"It doesn't feel like torture," she sighed, lifting her leg up against his hip so he was cradled against her more perfectly. "I won't tell you anything."

He chuckled as he moved a bit lower. "I like that about you. You want to maintain your integrity. But it isn't going to work. I have superior interrogation techniques."

She laughed at that but then he latched onto her breast. "I believe you do."

"Tell me why you ran away last time," he commanded.

Brianna remained silent, but lifted her hips up higher, pressing her body more firmly against his.

"Distracting me won't work, my dear." He moved to her other breast.

"I'll just have to try harder," she replied. Lifting her hands, she circled his neck, bringing her own mouth into play as she bent to nuzzle his ear.

Rocco laughed, the sound coming out as almost a growl. "You're playing dirty."

She liked the idea. "I don't think anyone has ever said anything so sweet to me before," she said with a smile, her other leg coming up so that both of her legs were wrapped around his waist. "Am I merciless?" she asked, pressing her body closer, feeling his hard body against hers and reveling in the power she had over him, at least at this particular moment.

He groaned, his mouth suckling at her breast. "Not quite merciless enough," he coaxed. "Try harder."

Brianna laughed but she was definitely up to the challenge. "Tell me what to do," she begged.

In response, he teased her nipple with his mouth, sucking hard, causing her back to arch, her mind to eliminate all conscious thought. "I think you're doing a good enough job without my input."

Brianna thrilled with those words, but she still tried harder.

A long time later, she rolled over so that her chin was propped up on his chest and she could see at least some of his face. "I need sustenance," she told him in a matter-of-fact manner that instantly told him that he needed to do something about her predicament.

"So do I," he said and pulled her more fully on top of him.

Brianna laughed and scooted away. "Not for that! I need food."

He sighed and captured her even as she giggled and tried to escape his hands. "Food, eh? You're a demanding woman."

She was effectively imprisoned underneath his body, but now that she was there, she didn't mind so much. In fact, her hunger for food had dissipated.

"What will you do if I feed you?" he asked.

She considered her options. "Try and trick you into telling me what's going on."

Rocco's body froze and he looked down at her. "Why do you want to know so badly?" he asked, trying to figure her out.

Brianna's hands skimmed along the muscles of his shoulders and arms, amazed at all the muscles that flexed under her fingers. She considered her words carefully, but realized that, if she wanted truths from him, she had to be fair and trust him first. Brianna wasn't sure why she'd changed her mind so dramatically in...she looked over at the bedside table and was surprised to discover that it was midnight. "It can't really be that late!" she gasped.

Rocco looked over at the clock and chuckled. "Are you kidding me?"

She looked back at him, and thought back to how they'd spent the majority of the afternoon. And evening! "Okay, maybe I can understand what happened."

He chuckled himself, a deep, vibrating sound that made her feel wonderful. "Come along, my beauty," he said and grabbed her hands, pulling her along to the shower. He turned on the water and pulled her into the luxurious sprays, lathering her up and soothing parts of her she hadn't realized were tender. He even shampooed her hair, his strong hands massaging her head and shoulders. "Don't stop," she sighed, leaning against him, moving sensuously, begging him to keep going.

"You're too tender," he said.

Brianna thought those were the sweetest, kindest words she'd ever heard from a man. Especially when she knew that he was in the same predicament she was in. And she wasn't going to allow a bit of tenderness to stop her from experiencing once again the mind-blowing passion she knew was right around the corner.

With a smile he couldn't see because he was standing behind her, she released her hands from his thighs and spun around, blinking as the water slipped into her eyes. Looking up at him, she gave him only a small laugh as warning before she knelt down in front of him.

Rocco saw the look and his stomach clenched at what he saw in those beautiful eyes. He was just about to grab her arms to stop her but she was faster than he'd anticipated. And she was slick with water so, by the time he could grab her, she already had her soft lips around him and his body just about buckled with how incredible she felt, how hot her mouth felt as she drew him in again and again. When her hands came up to help her mouth, he could only grip the sides of the shower and close his eyes, trying to keep control despite her fumbling ministrations. But her novice mouth was too good, her instincts for pleasuring too amazing and, in the end, he couldn't stop her.

When she finally stood up, his eyes opened and he looked down at her with a strange feeling swelling up in his chest. "My turn," he said and grabbed her into his arms, ignoring her laughing protest as he swung her up and carried her out of the bathroom. He laid her on the comforter that had fallen to the floor and pinned her down with his hands while his mouth moved down her body, unrelenting and unmerciful.

Brianna couldn't believe the heat of his mouth and tried to wiggle away, unable to stop since he only held her tighter. And when his mouth did... "No, Rocco," she pleaded. A moment later, she exploded, his mouth relentless and shocking. She couldn't believe how incredible it felt. So when he moved up her body, leaving a trail of kisses, she could only smile slightly in response.

She felt him move against her, lifting her into his arms and carrying her to the bed, but she was simply too limp to do anything more.

"Still hungry?" he asked, smiling as he cradled her against him.

She might have laughed, but she wasn't sure if her amusement actually came out. She didn't realize that she'd fallen asleep until she woke hours later from hunger. She smiled as she looked at the man she'd basically slept on top of, his strong jaw now shadowed with a day's growth. She was amazed at how long his black lashes were, but perhaps that was just a play of the light since the only source was the bathroom light they'd inadvertently left on.

Glancing at the clock, she realized it was about three o'clock in the morning. She'd never woken up so hungry before, but then again, she'd also never had so much physical activity before. She had sore muscles in areas she didn't even know she'd had muscles.

Her stomach growled again and she was too wide awake to go back to sleep. Slipping out of bed, she pulled on his shirt. He'd dropped it onto the floor at some point during the afternoon or night. Then she tip toed out of the bedroom in search of just a glass of milk.

She'd just found the kitchen when a steel arm wrapped around her. She squeaked in surprise, spinning around as much as she could with his arm wrapped around her so tightly. "What...?"

"What the hell are you doing?" Rocco demanded.

She gripped his shoulders, surprised to find him wearing a pair of jeans with a shirt gripped in his hand. "I'm trying to find a glass of milk or just something simple to eat." She was trembling with both the fright he'd given her, but also the furious look in his eyes.

Rocco glared down at her, trying to come to terms with the fact that she was still in his home. He'd woken as soon as his mind had registered that she was no longer in his arms and he'd instantly leaped out of bed, determined to find her and drag her right back to his bed. When he'd heard a sound in the kitchen, he'd gone to investigate, wondering if his housekeeper had seen where Brianna had gone. When he'd spotted her in the dim light of the kitchen, his anger had diminished, but hadn't fully gone away.

He looked behind her, saw the freezer, then realized what she was wearing. "You're wearing my shirt," he said in an almost accusatory tone of voice.

Brianna's hands quickly moved to the collar, worried that she'd offended him in some way. "I'm sorry," she whispered.

"Why are you wearing my shirt?" he asked, pulling her closer, actually enjoying the sight of her like this. She looked cute. Sexy!

She looked down, feeling silly all of a sudden. "I just wanted..."

She sighed, trying to figure out how to explain why she'd grabbed his shirt off of the floor when hers was lying right next to it. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to offend you."

He lifted her up and placed her gently on the counter behind her. "I like it," he said and bent low to kiss her.

"You do?" she asked, again her voice was still low, unsure.

"Hell yes! I like it a lot. In fact," his hands slipped underneath her shirt, cupping her bottom, "I think you should go around like this all the time." His mouth moved to her neck, nibbling along her collarbone.

She laughed, suddenly relieved and her arms wrapped around his neck. "I liked the way it smelled," she admitted shyly.

"I like the way you smell. But I don't think I'll look as good in your shirt."

She giggled at the idea of his broad shoulders trying to fit into her much smaller shirt. "I doubt you could get even one arm into my shirt." When his hips shifted between her legs, she leaned back.

"I don't think I'd feel as sexy in your shirt as you look in mine. So it won't work anyway."

She pushed against his shoulders, laughing at the image that popped into her head. "You're not going to tempt me that way again," she said. "I let you lead me down that road before and I didn't get any food. And I'm starving!"

He gave her a mock sigh as he pulled back. "If I feed you, will you then come back to bed and stop disturbing my sleep?"

She bit her lower lip to keep herself from laughing again. "I promise. I just need a glass of milk then I'll be as quiet as a mouse until morning."

He grunted at that, but turned to face the refrigerator. "Let's see what Jenny cooked up for dinner tonight."

"Who is Jenny?" Brianna demanded, her body suddenly stiff with anger.

Rocco looked back. A part of him felt good that she was jealous but the larger part of him didn't like that she would even think that he would be with another woman after what they'd shared. "Jenny Rogers is my housekeeper. You met her at breakfast and lunch today. She's married to Joe, the groundskeeper and they have four kids and seven grandchildren, all of whom live in this area. Jenny is a great cook and when she's not making something for me or overseeing one of my social events here, she's taking over the kitchen to bake cookies for her grandchildren or the members of the church choir or Sunday school classes."

Brianna was instantly ashamed of where her mind had gone and looked down at her hands. "She's a very nice person," Brianna whispered. Goodness, she thought silently, this relationship stuff was more difficult than she'd thought! It was a veritable minefield.

"What are you thinking now?" he asked as he placed two plates into the microwave oven.

Brianna sighed, trying to quickly think of something to tell him. Unfortunately, her mind drew a blank and he wasn't relenting. He simply turned around and waited, one black eyebrow going up as he waited for her reply.

She sighed and looked back at him, unaware of how tense she looked propped on that countertop. "Rocco, I don't really understand you. And I'll be honest, I don't understand what's going on between us. Just three days ago, I was going to write a story about what a horrible person you really are. And then I started to suspect that you were a criminal. So what kind of a person am I that would..." she hesitated over the next word, "sleep with a man I don't trust?"

He moved closer, touched by her honesty as well as the questions he could see in her eyes. "I think you're a very kind, very trusting woman who is beautiful on the inside and out," he replied, moving over to her and kissing her gently. "And I think, deep in your heart, you trust me."

She shook her head. "It defies logic. We don't know anything about each other."

The microwave pinged, letting them both know that their food was now heated.

He took the food out and, carrying both plates in his hands, nudged her off of the counter and into the cozy sitting room. "Press the button over there," he told her, indicating a black switch on the wall. When she pressed the button, the fire lit up, giving the room a warmth that hadn't been there a moment ago. "Why don't you sit down and eat something while I open a bottle of wine. We'll talk, you'll tell me about your secrets and I'll tell you anything you want to know."

"What about the deal where you give me clues all weekend?"

He chuckled and pulled a bottle of red wine off of one of the shelves, checking the label before pulling out a device that quickly dispensed with the cork. "I think we're well beyond those games." He poured two glasses, then handed one to her before sitting down next to her. "I'll trust you, if you'll promise to let me keep you safe."

She sipped her wine as she contemplated that request. "Are you telling me that what you're doing isn't safe?"

"It's safe enough for me. But not very safe for a sweet, gentle reporter who might break the story before all the pieces fall into place."

She watched him closely and her curiosity got the better of her common sense. She couldn't believe she was going to do this, and it would probably come back to bite her in the end, but she was going to trust him. She had no other choice. She suspected that her feelings were much more involved than she'd like them to be. "Fine. What do you want to know?"

He pushed a lock of hair off of her cheek, tucking it behind her ear. "Why do you want this story so badly? Why are you hiding out in barns and following strangers into the mountains?"

She held her glass of wine in both hands, forgetting about the food sitting on the coffee table as she curled her legs up underneath her. She couldn't look him in the eye as she explained. "I'm a fluff reporter. I do all the silly, girly stories that none of the other, real reporters, want to take on."

"What do you mean?" he asked gently, trying to coax more out of her. "I've read your stories. They're very good. You describe the people and the parties with amazing detail."

She sighed, her shoulders drooping slightly. "I know. I can talk about a woman's lace dress until people are basically throwing up with irritation. I can make people goo-goo about the tulips in the spring and the various flower shows and garden parties. But is that really what a good reporter wants to deal with?"

He looked at her carefully. "Do you like doing that kind of writing?" he asked.

Unable to hold his gaze, she shrugged and looked back at the flames dancing in the hearth. "I used to."

"What changed your perception of the job?"

She remembered that horrible morning, thinking it had been the best and worst of her adult life, which in itself was embarrassing. It's not like she was diagnosed with cancer or had a death in the family. It had only been her pride that had endured the wound.

A part of her didn't want to tell him, too ashamed of the truth. She liked the admiration she saw in his eyes when he looked at her. Telling him this next part would have him looking at her differently. But she'd made a commitment, so she forced her lips to explain the full story, hoping she wasn't putting her trust in the wrong place. She was fairly certain he wouldn't laugh at her or agree with this other person, but....she took a sip of the rich, red wine and spilled the issue. "One of the reporters had just come back from a war zone and my editor had tasked her with writing up the opening of the botanical garden's fall showing. It comes out every August and is a huge deal for a certain group of the newspaper's readership."

"And?" he prompted gently when she fell silent.

She took a deep, shuddering breath. "And, I love that event. I was devastated when my editor gave it to Dora, the other reporter but I was covering another story that day." She couldn't look at him, too ashamed of how silly her aspirations were. "This was also compounded by the fact that Rachel, one of my best friends..."

"You've mentioned Rachel and Nikki before."

Brianna smiled weakly. "Well, Rachel dared herself to go after her dreams. She went up to Maine and asserted herself into this man's life, got the internship she'd been working towards for years and even ended up marrying the man of her dreams."

Rocco's mind made the leaps necessary to piece together her story. "Your friend is married to Jack?" he asked.

Brianna's eyes snapped up to his. "You know Jack?" The fact that Rocco knew Emerson Jackson's nickname was startling. "How do you know Jack?"

Rocco smiled slightly. "He and I have done a lot of business together. He's a good man. And Rachel is very sweet. I like her."

This was startling news. "How in the world do you know Rachel?"

Rocco laughed. "I was up at their house about a week ago. I go up every so often to sail with Jack. He has a great ship. I've been trying to buy it from him for about ten years."

The realization that he didn't just know Jack, but was friends with one of her best friend's husband went a long way towards reassuring her that he was a good man. "I don't know about the boat. But I like Jack. He's good for Rachel."

Rocco rolled his eyes and chuckled slightly. "I don't know about that, but Rachel is good for Jack. She's gotten him out of his rut."

Brianna didn't realize it, but her body language spoke volumes. Before, she'd been leaning back, wanting to trust him but holding something in reserve just in case her instincts were wrong. They'd obviously been incorrect in the past few days so she was struggling to figure out which was the right reaction to this man.

"Jack is very kind."

Rocco threw back his head and laughed. He'd never heard his friend referred to as "kind" before. "I can guarantee that Jack is kind to very few people."

Brianna smiled brightly. "Well, then I consider his kindness towards me and Nikki an even bigger gift."

"You should. He must consider you very special if he was nice to you. And if you know him as Jack. Most people have only heard of him as Emerson."

Brianna smiled, nodding her head. "That's a whole other story."

"But back to the original topic. Why were you so upset about your friend meeting Jack?"

"Because she stepped out of her comfort zone. She wanted something and went after it, unconcerned with the obstacles."

He was starting to understand. "And you are trying to step out of your comfort zone." It wasn't a question. He could see the anxiety in her eyes, knew that she wasn't comfortable both with the conversation as well as what she was going to tell him. "I thought you liked the stories on which you reported."

She sighed. "I do. But I'm not stretching myself. I'm just doing what's comfortable."

He reached out and touched her cheek. "Perhaps there's a difference in stepping out of your comfort zone and doing something you don't like."

She couldn't believe how perceptive he was. She grimaced as she looked up at him. "I really don't like investigative reporting," she answered softly, shyly, as if she were ashamed to admit it.

He chuckled. "I'd already figured that out." He put the plate of food on her lap. "So what would be stretching yourself and not doing something you hate?"

She thought about telling him, but at the last moment, she shook her head. "I don't know. Probably just something simple."

Rocco saw that she'd been about to say something different, but pulled back at the last moment. Baby steps, he told himself. "Well, this story might be your breakout article," he said. "You might not like being an investigative reporter, but your instincts were right on."

She perked up with that news. "What do you mean?"

"The memo you photographed?" he prompted. When she nodded, he went on. "It's a plan developed between me and my friend, the Sheik of Yafar, Nazar Iha Zayid. He has a whole bunch of other names," Rocco waved his hand in the air dismissively, "but you can call him Nazar. He's the man I was meeting with that night at the dance club."

Brianna couldn't believe this. She wiggled on the sofa, completely forgetting the hunger that had driven her out of bed earlier. "What's the plan about?"

"I'm from Russia. I grew up there, know lots of people from there, both good and bad. So when I discovered someone was fixing prices on oil revenues about two years ago, which affected not only my oil companies, but those of Nazar's country's as well as many others, we set up a plan. The issue is that the people who created the price fixing scheme are powerful and have no mercy. They will kill anyone who gets in their way or tries to stop them. They're making a lot of money off of this plan and won't permit anyone to get in the way."

Her eyes were wide with fear. Not for herself, but for Rocco. "Who are they?" she asked, swallowing painfully at the idea of anyone hurting Rocco.

He hesitated again, not sure how much to reveal to her. Not because he didn't trust her but more because he wanted to protect her. "I'll give you names and details, along with copies of the evidence we're handing over to the authorities. But there are several conditions," he stated firmly.

"What?" she asked, ready to agree to just about anything to prove Dora and all the others wrong.

"You might not like these conditions," he cautioned.

She waved that aside, eagerly waiting for any information. "I'll go with anything," she agreed.

He smiled at her eagerness. Brianna's enthusiasm had transformed her from a beautiful woman to an eager, excited woman. Both personas were fascinating, he thought.

"First, you have to stay with me until this is all over."

She thought about that for a moment, biting her lower lip as she considered all of the ramifications of this condition. "How long will it take to be over?"

"It could be finished tomorrow or next week. Either way, you don't leave my side until everything is cleared up and the authorities have everyone under guard. Do you agree?"

She blushed at the idea of being with him for a week. "I think I could deal with that," she said, a bit more softly because she was thinking about how nice it would be to stay with him for a week. Or even a month or maybe a year. Perhaps a lifetime. She shook her head to clear that thought. He wasn't offering that. Just protection for a few days. "Agreed," she said, remembering to keep in mind that this was only a temporary situation. "What else?"

Rocco leaned forward, a finger running down her cheek. "You have to protect my sources."

"That's a no-brainer. You don't even have to tell me names or even identities. What I don't know can't hurt them."

He smiled slightly, more turned on by her excitement than he ever thought possible. "And I get to see the final draft before you submit the story to your editor."

She laughed and leaned slightly closer. "I have no issues with that."

He smiled slightly, his eyes looking down at her lips. "You're not eating your dinner."

She smiled, a sexy I-want-you smile that made all the blood in his body shift downwards. "I forgot."

With her words, and the heated look in her eyes, he couldn't hold back any longer. With one swift move, she was once again in his lap, her legs straddling him as his hands moved up underneath the shirt she'd donned earlier. "You're beautiful," he groaned.

Brianna's smile disappeared when he shifted ever so slightly, making their bodies line up more perfectly. "So are you," she whispered, her hands moving along the broad, muscular expanse of his shoulders, then moving downwards.

A moment later, he entered her and she sighed with happiness as desire caused her to abandon her shyness. This was Rocco, she thought. This was the real man. This was the person she'd been trying to discover.

"I was right," she sighed as he lifted her hips, causing the friction to send intense, mind-boggling shivers through her body.

Rocco pulled the shirt open and cupped her perfect breasts in each of his hands. "What were you right about?" he asked, thinking about all the things he thought were right about her.

"You aren't the man you show to the rest of the world." She looked up into his eyes, her own filled with desire and need. "You're more special than anything I could have imagined."

Rocco groaned with those words. He knew he wasn't special but if she wanted him to be special, he was damn sure going to figure out how to be special. He'd never met anyone as sweet and kind and honest as this woman, not to mention how she made him crazy with the need to possess and, astonishingly, protect her. This sense of possessiveness was new and more than a little startling. But as his years in business had taught him, he accepted this new feeling, absorbed it. Brianna was his. As he lifted her higher, his mouth attaching to a perfect raspberry nipple and hearing her cries as her body strained even more against his, he knew he would protect her with his life.

"You're mine now, Brianna." He moved to her other breast, causing the same sensations to ripple through her slender body. "Say it," he growled.

"I'm yours," she cried back to him, her arms wrapping around his neck as she arched against him, feeling that intimate connection increase in intensity with this position. "All yours."

With that agreement, Rocco swung her around so that she was cradled underneath him. He gave her promises with his body that she accepted, reveled in and he groaned with a strange sensation, an unknown emotion, as Brianna gave those promises right back to him.

Chapter 6

One blissful week later, a week spent in his bed, laughing and learning about this complicated man that she'd fallen madly in love with, she couldn't believe how her life had changed. She'd driven to the mountains of Pennsylvania to reveal Rocco's darker side and ended up protecting him from the invasive world. Brianna ended the call to Rachel and Nikki, still smiling to herself at how excited her friend was now that everything was finished. It occurred to her that there had been a strange tension in Nikki's voice that Brianna didn't completely understand. They were meeting the following day for lunch though. Nikki had some important news to relate and Brianna couldn't wait to see her friend and tell her the big news. She glanced down at the ring on her finger. A ring that Rocco had given her just last night over dinner.

They'd been together for a week and, as of forty-eight hours ago, the authorities in ten different countries had confirmed arrests of all the people Rocco and his friend had thwarted in their market manipulation scheme. And as of twenty-four hours ago, Rocco had approved her story. It had been published in the newspaper this morning.

Between the story and Rocco, she didn't think she could ever be happier. As she maneuvered her way through the early afternoon traffic, it occurred to her that she was happier about being with Rocco than she'd ever thought possible. He even eclipsed the excitement over the story that truly would send her into the realm of hard core reporting. But with Rocco, she didn't really care about that any longer. She just liked being with him because he accepted her for who she was.

Her phone rang once again and she glanced at the text screen. "Wow!" her co-worker had texted her. "Great job!"

She laughed once again, feeling as if a huge weight had lifted from her shoulders. She'd done it, she told herself with pride. She'd broken a story that was an international sensation, she was receiving the accolades of her peers and she was walking on water.

The walking on water part had nothing to do with her story though. Lifting her phone once again, she texted the message, "Tonight?"

Almost immediately Rocco's response came back, "You'd better believe it!" and she laughed to herself. The giddy feeling suffused her entire afternoon. Instead of turning right which would take her to her office, she turned left instead, parking among the enormous number of other cars already at the shopping mall. She had some things she wanted to get before she met Rocco tonight. Even walking into the mall, she blushed at what she was going to purchase.

Before she could lose her nerve, she went straight to the only place she knew to purchase the specific item she wanted. There were so many other options which made her blush but she wanted just one item in particular. She hurried to the cashier, taking out cash quickly as the employee rung up the item.

As she walked out of the shop, she looked around, painfully aware that everyone passing by her probably knew what she'd just purchased. Of course, in that type of store, one could get all kinds of...interesting items. But she felt like she had her own purchase written across her forehead for everyone to know.

She walked down the hallway a bit and then took her purchase out of the bag, tossing the bag in the nearest trashcan and quickly storing her item in her purse. She felt slightly better now, but just to make sure, she walked into three other stores, buying other items that were much less...interesting. Although she was pretty sure that Rocco would still enjoy each one. At least, she hoped he would.

Smiling with success, she walked back out of the mall, lifting her face up to the late fall sunshine. Today was a huge victory for her. She'd overcome so many obstacles, and she never would have been able to do it without Rocco's help. She almost laughed out loud when she thought back to what she'd originally thought about him. Turns out, she'd been wrong. Completely, unbelievably wrong!

She was just about to step out onto the street when she heard tires squealing and turned her head. About two hundred feet to her left, a dark SUV was screeching towards her. For the first fraction of a second, Brianna didn't think anything of it, just assuming someone had misgauged the torque on their car but as the big, black vehicle came closer, something inside of her realized that this was not an accident on a casual shopper's exodus from the mall parking lot.

She was in danger. Something in her gut told her to run and she spun around on her heel. She dropped her bags and sprinted back towards the mall entrance. With every fiber of her being, she pushed herself as fast as she could, not even bothering to stop and check to make sure she was ahead of whoever it was. She heard a door open, someone yelled towards her but she still didn't stop. She didn't care if she looked like a fool, she knew that she had to get away. She banged her toe and her knee on something but didn't stop, running full out as fast as her legs could carry her.

She'd just reached the cold metal of the mall doorway when she felt the beefy arm wrap around her waist. But still she didn't stop, knowing that stopping would mean defeat and possibly never seeing Rocco again. She had to move, had to get away. The black reflection in the store window told her that she hadn't just been imagining the threat. Two large men were reaching for her. When the arm wrapped around her waist, she used all of her might to scratch and claw, hearing a curse in her ear but she didn't stop fighting. Anything she could do, she tried it but the man's arm was too strong. He lifted her up off of her feet and she used that momentum to swing her legs forward then back with all of her might. She heard a grunt and the arm loosened around her. She didn't stop even when she felt herself falling. Swinging around, she faced the second man, ready to scream her head off to get someone's attention.

Unfortunately, she'd miscalculated. Thinking the first man was out of commission, if only for a moment, she'd turned her back on him to face the second man. The first one didn't take any more chances. With one swift move of his hand, he slammed the butt of his pistol on her head.

The intense, shattering pain that swept through her with the impact was only felt for a fraction of a moment. The next instant, there was nothing but blackness and she fell to the ground. She wasn't even aware of the arms that reached out and caught her as she felt to the earth. She wasn't aware of anything as unconsciousness wrapped her in a deep, black cocoon.

Because of her unconscious state, she didn't see the other two men who had raced across the parking lot, guns drawn and shooting at the tires of the SUV as it raced out of the parking lot. Within moments of its departure, the black truck was lost in the flood of other vehicles heading west on Interstate 66, all of whom were heading farther out of the city towards West Virginia.

Thirty seconds after the encounter, Stu stood outside Rocco's office and took the call, his face paling as he listened in detail to the problem. Quickly, he gave instructions all the while bursting into the meeting in which Rocco was half listening. Most of his mind was more occupied with thinking about Brianna, anticipating seeing her that night. He wanted to see his ring on her finger. He remembered the tears in her eyes when he'd proposed and her sweet, teary agreement to become his wife. He wanted her in his arms even now. He wanted to see the ring on her finger, to touch the ring and know that she would be his forever. Strange, he thought. Never would he have believed he would be getting married. But never would he have believed a woman like Brianna existed until ten days ago.

When Stu burst through the double doors, cell phone still attached to his ear as he nodded his head to whatever was being told to him, Rocco's stomach tightened. He knew this was bad news. Stu would never interrupt a meeting for anything less than life or death. And the only person's life or death that would matter was Brianna's.

Rocco immediately stood up, not even bothering to dismiss the meeting participants as he followed Stu out to his own office which was directly attached to the conference room. "Tell me," was all he said, his teeth grinding as his mind fought for control over the rising panic.

"Ms. Stewart went to the mall earlier today. As she was leaving, she was taken by two men in a dark SUV. We have the license plate number and we're already tracing it."

He was handed a piece of paper by a man who burst into the office.

Stu looked at the number and shook his head. "It's Chenkoff," he told Rocco quickly.

Rocco controlled his mind, tamping down his fear mercilessly. "What happened to her?" he demanded. "And I'm sorry that I didn't listen to you earlier and let you put the team on her for her own protection. I should have listened to you."

Stu ignored that. "Come with me," he said and they walked into the security room's electronic headquarters.

"What do you have for me," Rocco demanded as soon as they were behind the closed doors of the room containing the highest level of security equipment possible.

One of the security technicians stood up and, with a very serious expression, explained exactly what they were doing to find Brianna. "We've traced them through Ms. Stewart's cell phone. They are currently heading west into Front Royal, Virginia. Once they reach that area, the cell towers are few and far between and the reception is more difficult to triangulate. So we could lose them."

"We need to get someone in the air to intercept the tracking signal and the authorities on the ground," Stu told the person who was already on the phone.

Turning to Rocco, Stu explained, "The helicopter was placed on emergency alert as soon as we received word. The pilot is standing by, ready to fly as soon as she has direction."

"Already on it," another person said as he spoke through his headpiece.

Rocco nodded, feeling reassured that Stu was doing everything possible to find his Brianna. That didn't lessen the tightness in his chest and he vowed, when Brianna was back by his side, there would be a security team following her every move!

"We have something," the man with the headphones called out. Everyone in the room froze and looked at the man who was speaking again, nodding his head. A moment later, he jumped from his position and came over to the conference room table which was actually a live, satellite image with a Plexiglas top. The image showed all the cars in the area, the mountains...even the planes flying overhead became red, blinking dots that moved across the image.

"We have a probable location," the man with the headphones explained. He leaned over the table, his eyes skimming the image until he found the coordinates. "Right here," he said, pointing to a valley not far off the road. "This is an old farmhouse and..." he listened to someone speaking in his headphones, then nodded when the voice stopped talking. "It's even owned by the Caligary family, but through multiple company fronts."

Rocco nodded, feeling in his gut that this was the right lead. His eyes looked over the topography, memorizing details. He stood up a moment later and looked at the group. "I want to be there. Tell the pilot to wait for me," he said and sprinted out the door. It took him less than twenty seconds to reach the rooftop. He dove into the helicopter, donning the earphones even while the pilot was lifting off. Stu was right behind him, still in contact with the headquarters, issuing orders and giving Rocco a status every few moments.

The flurry of activity didn't stop when they moved into the air. The pilot quickly accelerated, which caused the nose of the helicopter to angle downwards. Rocco didn't notice anything, maintaining absolute focus on listening to the chatter through his headphones. The police and FBI had already been notified; the FBI brought in since it was a kidnapping across state lines and also because they knew it involved the Russian mafia. It was all connected to the story Brianna had just published in the newspaper about how Rocco - only referred to as an anonymous "power" - had been instrumental in bringing down the Russian mafia.

The helicopter flew high over the city, racing against time while Stu gave directions to the pilot, tracking the SUV. "What if Brianna isn't in the SUV?" Rocco demanded.

Stu shook his head. "They didn't know she had her cell phone in her purse. They might be professional criminals, sir, but they aren't smart enough to toss her purse out. At least not at this point. My men are still following the car and the police are trying to get ahead to intercept them. We'll get her back."

Rocco wasn't so sure, but he wasn't willing to consider any other alternative. "How much longer until we're in line with the vehicle?" he demanded of the pilot.

"Less than six minutes sir," she said, not taking her focus off of the window in front of her, flicking switches every few moments. She was an amazing pilot, cool and calm while listening to the chatter in her earphones, answering Rocco's questions and accepting direction from Stu. As soon as all of this was over, the woman was getting a big bonus, Rocco told himself mentally.

His cell phone buzzed and he considered ignoring it. But the number that appeared on his screen caught his attention. He put a hand on Stu's shoulder, showing him the phone number. Stu also recognized the number. Before Rocco could answer it, Stu plugged something into the micro USB port. With a nod from Stu, Rocco pressed the "accept" button. "What is it?" he demanded.

He listened for a moment, looking back to make sure Stu was getting all of this. "How do I know you have her?" he asked. "And how do I know that you haven't harmed her?"

The man at the other end of the line chuckled. "I wouldn't mind harming this little lady. But it's you I want. Although," he laughed maliciously, "perhaps once I have you, I might just keep the princess for myself as a toy."

The line went dead and Rocco glared at Stu, willing the man to give him some news. Rocco refused to think of the words, condemning the man to hell for what he'd even suggested about harming his beautiful Brianna. "Tell me you got it," Rocco commanded.

Stu typed something into his laptop, his mouth grim. He'd heard the short conversation as well and his fingers flew over the keyboard, working some sort of magic. "The call originated from this house," he said, sending the location to both Rocco as well as the police and FBI. They also received a sound file that contained the audio conversation.

Stu listened to his earpiece for five seconds, then nodded his head. Turning back to Rocco, he said, "The FBI are on route, but we're going to get there first. We can land in this location here," he explained, pointing on his laptop screen to a field that, during the summer months grew rows of corn but was now just a field of browned stalks. "I don't have a car available for you yet."

"Can't you get me closer?" Rocco demanded, looking at the screen and calculating that he was at least a mile away from the house where they were probably going to stash Brianna. "And is the SUV heading towards that house?"

"They are on the same trajectory, but I can't guarantee that she will be there at the same time we are. The FBI..." he started to say something else but stopped, listening to his earpiece. "Right," he said. "The police and FBI are still three minutes away from us. We're ahead of them so we're going to have to go in alone."

"I'm pretty sure they won't agree with your assessment, but I'm on board with it. Just tell me where they are."

He pointed to another point on his screen. "The SUV is here, heading west at approximately eighty-five miles per hour. The county sheriff's office is here," he said, pointing to another car that turned onto what looked like a dirt road, which it probably was. This far out in the Virginia countryside, the paved streets were the two lane roads that connected one town to another with mountains and farmland in between.

The pilot interrupted them as she circled around a wide farm area. "I'm sorry, sir, this is as close as I can get. There aren't any other landing sites closer."

Rocco nodded his acceptance, his mind already moving past the distance issue to how he was going to get Brianna out of that house. "Fine," he said and whipped his coat and tie off, tossing them onto the seat while he jumped out of the helicopter. "Give me an earpiece," he ordered Stu.

Immediately, the piece was handed to him and he shifted it into his ear. "Got it. Stay here and tell me if the SUV changes locations."

"I'm coming with you sir," he countered, already stepping out of the helicopter as well and stuffing an earpiece in his own ear.

"I need you to monitor the situation. Tell me if anything changes."

"You're not going anywhere without me. My people back at the headquarters can let me know if something changes." He tossed his own jacket as well, then turned and glared at his boss. "Let's hit it," he said.

Rocco didn't have time to argue with him. He took the pistol that Stu offered to him, quickly checked the magazine and put the safety on. "Let's go," he agreed.

A moment later, both men were sprinting through the woods in the direction of the house where everyone assumed they were taking Brianna. There was some leftover snow but most of the way was mud as the melting snow created a slushy mess. Rocco ignored the damage the mud and snow was doing to his five thousand dollar shoes, focusing only on going as quickly as possible through the woods towards his goal. He didn't bother checking to see if Stu was beside him, unconcerned with the other man's pace. His only focus was to get to Brianna before something horrible happened to her.

When they got to the edge of the woods where the house was" located, they stopped, neither of them very winded from their one mile sprint but both assessing the situation. The SUV was already there but empty and parked at the front of the house. "It's going to get dark soon," Rocco said.

"We should wait for darkness. It will be easier to approach."

Rocco knew that was probably the best idea, but he kept thinking of the words the man had said, about using Brianna as his next toy. "We've got to get in there now. She's probably frightened out of her mind and who knows what that monster is going to do. We've basically taken down his entire operation with evidence to keep them all locked up for the next century. He's beyond desperate now."

"The FBI should have picked him up already. Once this is over, I'll find out why he wasn't." Stu was almost as furious as Rocco but he was thinking through the situation carefully. The SUV was already sitting out front, they could confirm from the license plate number.

"We could go in from that tree," Rocco pointed to a large oak tree growing close to the side of the house with branches that grew out towards an upstairs window. "It's probably wired somehow with an alarm. Do you have any ideas on how to disengage a window alarm?"

Stu looked up, assessed the situation and nodded his head. "That will work. And yes, I can disable just about any alarm system ever made."

That startled Rocco and he looked at the man. "Including ours?" he asked.

Stu returned a look as if to say "Are you kidding me?"

"Right," Rocco replied, answering his own question. "Let's go." Without another word, the two men sprinted over to the tree, working their way carefully towards the side of the house where they were less likely to be seen. It took them less than five minutes to climb up the tree and about sixty seconds for Stu to assess the window alarm and disable it.

Inside, Brianna was more irritated than she was scared and her head hurt badly enough that she was angry with the guy who'd thunked her. She knew that she should have reacted differently, but she hadn't been thinking clearly. It was her first abduction and, even though the self-defense classes she, Rachel and Nikki had taken had shown her what to do, she hadn't done it. The police officer who had done the self-defense training had cautioned that they needed to practice the moves over and over again, obtain "muscle memory" so her muscles would simply react when under attack. But had she listened? Nope! She'd gone her merry way. In fact, the three of them had stopped after that class and had a martini, laughing about their day and the gruff police officer who'd constantly warned the class about the criminals that were out there and what could happen.

Okay, so the man had been right! She should have practiced; she should have listened more carefully. If she had, she might not be in this predicament now. She could be on her way to Rocco's office, her newly purchased handcuffs in her purse and not around her wrists and she would be smiling as he discovered all the other items she'd purchased.

The only saving grace in this whole thing was that they had dug into her purse, trying to see if she had any weapons. They were actually stupid enough to be using the handcuffs she'd just bought at the mall. They were toy cuffs but the two men who had kidnapped her were chuckling over the fact that they'd locked her up with her own cuffs. What idiots, she thought as she sat in the cold closet, trying to figure out how to get out of this situation.

The door was suddenly opened up and she blinked as the watery light from the kitchen poured into what she now realized was a pantry instead of just a closet.

"So you're the little lady that means so much to Antoniv, eh?" the enormous man said. His belly was so large, he wouldn't be able to see his toes if he looked down. "I'll admit, you're much prettier than I was expecting."

Brianna's stomach clenched in fear, but she forced her shoulders to appear unconcerned by this man's presence. "I'm so pleased not to have disappointed you," she replied, her voice dripping with sarcasm. She wanted nothing more than to kick this man in his enormous gut but she was on the floor while he was standing. She could also see several men peering over the man's shoulder so even if she were to take the disgusting one down, she'd have several more men to deal with afterwards. Better to wait for less of a crowd, she told herself.

"You have a mouth on you, eh?" he chuckled. "I like spirited women. They are so much more interesting to break."

The man behind him said something in a foreign language and the fat man nodded his head, his jowls jiggling with the motion. "We'll see you again very shortly, my dear," he said, his heavy accent making the words harder to decipher.

Brianna stayed where she was until she heard the heavy footsteps moving away from the door and out of the room. It felt like she was in an older house and by the smell of the pantry, the wood was damp and rotting slightly with age. That was all good, she thought as she pressed the button on the handcuffs and her hands were instantly free. She hadn't bought real handcuffs, just toy cuffs to tease Rocco with. The idiotic men couldn't even tell the difference.

It was odd because, in the movies, the mafia criminals seemed to be much smarter with more street sense but here she was, being restrained with toy handcuffs.

Of course, they weren't stupid enough to leave the pantry door unlocked, which she discovered quickly. She bit her lip and felt around with her hands. When she found the light switch, she flicked it on and the small pantry was suddenly filled with light. She blinked slightly until her eyes adjusted, then looked around, trying to find a way out of this mess. Her head still hurt painfully, but she'd worry about that after she got away. She had to hurry, afraid that they were trying to use her to get to Rocco. She didn't want him in any kind of danger. But she was stumped on how to get out of this pantry.

There wasn't much to use unless she could figure out how to build a weapon from flour or sugar. Or perhaps oatmeal. The rest of the pantry was filled with junk food, a few bags of rice, store bought cookies and mixing bowls. She wasn't really sure what to do. Crouching down, she tried to figure out what they'd used to lock her in. The lock seemed very old. If she could find something that could be used as a pick, maybe she could get out of here. Kidnapped people in the movies always were able to pick their way through locked doors, weren't they?

She sighed and surveyed the pantry once again. It might appear to be easy, but they also had a magic pin that they'd stuck in their hair or in their shoe for just such an occurrence. She didn't have either. In fact, she didn't even have both shoes, one having fallen off in her fight to get free from those goons. She couldn't count on someone saving her since probably no one knew she'd been taken and even if they did, they wouldn't know where she was.

"Okay, think Bri! What would Nikki do?" She looked around one more time, getting desperate now. She had to get out of here. Every moment she was here was one more second that they had time to reach Rocco. She knew he'd come for her but he wouldn't know what he was getting into. Stu would help, but what could the two of them do against all these men?

She lifted one of the vinegar jars, hefting it in her hand. Yes, it had enough weight to probably knock someone out, but she'd still have to get out of the closet first.

Brute force? She looked around. A plan was coming to her. She poured flour into one of the stainless steel mixing bowls, sugar into another, and placed several bottles nearby. With that in place, she went as far back as possible, took a deep breath, and then kicked her foot just under the door's lock. She'd read somewhere that just underneath was the most vulnerable spot on the door. She had no idea why, but in this case, it wasn't true. The next time, she kicked right on the lock. Nothing.

Okay, try it until it works, she told herself firmly. She had to get out of here and contact Rocco. With that thought in mind, and his smile, she kicked one more time. This time, miraculously, the door burst open. Unfortunately, the noise she'd made kicking in the door the first few times had roused the notice of several of the men. Without thinking twice, she grabbed the bowl of flour and tossed it right in their faces. The trick worked! The flour blinded both men who were probably expecting guns or something along those lines, but flour wasn't really one of their anticipated weapons. So they stood still for several moments, trying to figure out what she'd just done.

Brianna didn't hesitate. She took the vinegar bottle and the jug of olive oil, smacking each of them over the head. Shockingly, they both went down like a dead balloon.

She stood there for a long moment, dusting off her hands and congratulating herself. Then she leaned over both men and took the guns from their hands. Remembering other movies, she searched their bodies and both men had a gun on their ankle and several knives in a leather pocket of their suit jackets. She took all their weapons, then hurriedly tied them up with the twine that was in the pantry. She made sure to wrap the twine around them several times, not sure how sturdy it was. She suspected that old twine would rip relatively easily. She thought about pulling them into the pantry, but after tugging at one man's leg for a moment, she knew she didn't have the strength to pull them anywhere. Nor did she think she had the time.

Moving out of the kitchen with her arsenal of guns and knives, she tucked two guns into the waistband of her slacks, dropped the knives in her pockets and held onto the other two guns in each hand. Peeking around the corner of the kitchen, she spotted the evil, fat man puffing on a disgusting smelling cigar in what she suspected was the parlor area of the old house.

There was one other man she knew was here in the house. But she hadn't spotted him yet. She was afraid of moving out of the kitchen when she didn't know where he was. He could come up behind her any moment.

But then she saw him pass in front of the window and she sighed with relief. Yes, others might be on their way, but she only had to worry about these two men right at the moment. If she could just find her purse and the keys to the SUV, she could get out of here.

Slipping around the corner, she cringed when she saw her purse. It was sitting right beside the man's leg. That wasn't good, she thought. She'd have to get in there. The keys were probably in that room as well. She had no choice. She'd just have to brave through this debacle and get those keys and her purse. As soon as she had her purse, she would call Rocco and tell her that she was okay. As soon as he heard that she'd been taken, she knew he would be on a rampage to find her and he would be in danger. That was not going to happen on her watch.

Gripping the pistols in both her hands, she turned the corner, exposing herself for only a moment. Her eyes darted from the left and to the right as she approached the room. When she was right outside the doorway, she took a deep breath, said a silent prayer asking for both courage and help, then stepped into the room.

The expressions on both men's faces were almost comical. The cigar smoking gross man with the evil laugh almost dropped his cigar out of his mouth. He caught it, but only just in time before he was going to be burned. The other man was more fit, but just as evil looking. His eyes widened and he was about to take a step towards her, but she lifted the gun higher, pointing it at his chest. "Don't move," she ordered with an amazingly calm voice. "I don't know what's going on, but I'm guessing I'm some sort of bait and you're part of the Russian mafia. How am I doing so far?" she asked.

The fat man shrugged but he wasn't smiling any longer. "You won't kill us," he said, his eyes narrowing. "You're too soft."

Brianna gritted her teeth with his words. "Here's the problem with your theory," she said and took a step closer. "I'm tired of people thinking I'm soft. I hate it. It happens all the time and I have no idea why I give off that impression, but I'm guessing if I shoot both of you, no one will ever think I'm soft and useless ever again."

They didn't say a word, their eyes moving from the gun to her eyes and back again.

"So here's what's going to happen. You're going to push my purse over here with your foot. I might be tired of being perceived as soft but that doesn't eliminate the fact that I'm terrified out of my mind right at the moment. If you move in any other way, I can't guarantee that I won't shoot you just because of nerves so be very, very careful."

She was hugely proud of herself for being able to speak when her throat felt like it was going to choke her with the fear rising up throughout her whole body. But she tamped it down, telling herself she could panic once she was out of here and on her way to freedom. And the police! Yes, she'd definitely inform the police of this crazy household.

The man didn't doubt her nerves and, with his toe, he pushed her purse closer towards her. When she could pull the strap of her purse closer, she reached down and pulled the strap over her head, making sure to keep one weapon moving back and forth between both of the men. When she was standing once again, she looked around. "Where are the keys to the car?" she demanded.

The man standing by the window pulled them out of his pocket. Brianna knew exactly what he was about to do, having seen this trick in several movies, so she didn't flinch or even try to catch the keys as they flew directly towards her. The jerk thought she would drop her weapon and try to catch them in midair but she let them just drop to the floor beside her. "Thank you," she said sweetly.

"You're welcome," the man replied with a snide sneer on his ugly features.

"I guess I have to shoot you in the leg, don't I?" she asked, trying to figure out how to get out of the room without them rushing her.

His eyes widened with that question. "Why would you have to do that?" he asked, stepping behind one of the other chairs in the room.

She smiled slightly at that move. "First of all, I'm pretty sure that a bullet out of these weapons will go through the upholstery of that chair, so don't think I'm stupid enough to not shoot you. But I also know that, as soon as I turn around and try to get out of here, you're going to rush at me and try to get these guns. So if I shoot you in the leg, that will at least give me a running start."

There was a noise over her head and she almost jumped, just about losing her grip on the weapon. "Who is that?" she demanded, her heart feeling like it was about to have a heart attack. "Is there someone else in the house?"

She watched them carefully and, with the confused look they passed between each other, she knew that they weren't aware of anyone else being in the house either. "So this is a mystery to you as well?"

Brianna almost laughed when both men tried to appear confident. But it was a total lie because she'd seen their look a moment ago. "I think I'll get out of here before Rocco falls into your trap. You're not going to hurt him, understand?" she told the two dangerous men. "If anything happens to him, I will hunt you down and shoot both of you. He's a good man and I won't allow scum like you to hurt him."

"Thank you, my love," Rocco said behind her with his wonderfully deep voice.

Brianna gasped and looked in his direction, then in the direction of the other person who was chuckling at the other end of the room.

"What are you doing here?" she demanded.

Rocco rolled his eyes, then looked at the guns in both of her hands. "I'm here to rescue you. It appears that I'm too late," he replied with pride.

She shook her head and released her death grip on the guns. "Actually, you're just in time." She handed him the guns like they were spiders. "Could you please take these for me? I don't really know how to use them and I've probably got the safety still on."

Rocco's eyes widened but he took both the pistols, keeping his own trained on the other two men. "You don't...!" he growled. "Brianna! I can't believe you were holding the head of the Russian mafia at gunpoint and you don't know how to use the damn thing!"

She shrugged and moved behind him, wrapping her arms around his waist and kissing his shoulder. "Well, they didn't know that!" she said in her defense.

He rolled his eyes, shaking his head. "We're going to talk about this," he told her. "Hand me the handcuffs I saw in your back pocket."

She almost laughed as she shook her head. "They won't do any good."

"Why not?" he asked but relaxed ever so slightly. Hearing both her amusement as well as the distant sirens told him that she really was okay. They hadn't harmed her and she was still his soft, sweet, wonderful woman.

"Well, they used them on me and I got out, didn't I?" she asked, trying to figure out a way to tell him that they were toy handcuffs without announcing it to everyone in the room.

"Brianna, just hand them to me. I'll make sure they work properly."

She hesitated and bit her lip, unable to maintain eye contact with him. "Bri, what's going on?" he asked carefully. The police were at the front door now, but something was very wrong here. She was turning red which meant she was trying to hide something from him.

"Let's just allow the police officers to use their official handcuffs."

She heard Stu's laugh again and her face turned even brighter red. She started to walk out, but a group of men and women burst through the front door, guns drawn, wearing Kevlar vests announcing that they were either from the FBI or the police.

"There are two more in the kitchen," she told them as they took over and Rocco's arms wrapped around her, holding her close. She reached up and kissed his neck, ignoring the chuckles of the law enforcement people who had entered the kitchen.

A moment later, when the two men covered in white shuffled through the doors with a police officer securing their handcuffs, each of the officers nodded politely to her, all the while chuckling.

Rocco watched with interest as the two men walked out of the house, both obviously painfully embarrassed and covered in some sort of white substance. "What did you do to them?" he asked, hugging her gently.

She shrugged one shoulder as she buried her face in his chest, breathing in deeply of his Rocco-scent. "I was locked in the pantry until they could trap you here. I couldn't allow them to kidnap you." In a voice that only he could hear, she added, "I'm the only one who is going to be putting handcuffs on you."

He was so startled by her brazen comment, he pulled back and looked down at her. The puzzle slowly started to fall into place and his own eyes widened. He reached down and started to pull the handcuffs out of her pocket but found one of the revolvers still tucked into her waistband. He handed that one to one of the officers. "There's another one," she said and pulled the second pistol from the other side of her waistband. The officer grabbed another evidence bag for that weapon. "Wait," she told the officer who was about to walk away. "There's more," and she pulled all of the knives out of her pocket, dumping them into the bag with revulsion.

The officer couldn't conceal his surprise. And his eyes actually widened even more when she pulled the other knife out of her other pocket. "I think that's it," she said, nodding to emphasize that she didn't have any other weapons.

"You're amazing," Rocco said as he pulled her close to him again. "When do I get to use those handcuffs on you?" he chuckled.

"Never," she said, burying her face once again. "I think I'm going to frame them and look at them every day of my life."

He laughed and hugged her close. "Let's get out of here," he said while the law enforcement officers moved around the house.

Several hours later, Rocco handed her a snifter of brandy, then sat down next to her on the sofa where a fire was crackling. "I can't believe how close I came to losing you today," he said as he kissed her gently. "Don't ever leave the house without at least one of Stu's men beside you."

She rolled her eyes and shook her head. "Only if you promise never to take down an international criminal ring on your own."

"Done," he said and kissed her again. "One day, you're going to have to tell me again how you got out of that closet. But give me a little while to get over the fear of learning that you were kidnapped. I think I lost several years off of my life with that scare," he told her.

She giggled as he nuzzled her neck, wrapping her arms around him and burrowing closer to him. "They didn't want me. They wanted you. So don't you go out without Stu and several of his men around you either!"

Rocco chuckled, his hand slipping underneath her soft, blue sweater. "Have no fear. I doubt Stu will let us out of his sight for a long time now."

A tear formed and threatened to spill off of her lashes. "I thought I was going to lose you today," she said, lifting her hand and touching his cheek. "I love you so much and the idea of never seeing you again was horrible."

"I love you too. And you don't have to worry about that ever again. I promise I'll be by your side for a long, long time," he assured her.

Epilogue

Brianna held her breath, trying to keep her hands away from her swollen belly for fear that Rocco would see her and know what was happening. She glanced at her watch, trying to calculate how far apart the contractions were.

So far, she was still okay. They were more than fifteen minutes apart. That was good, she thought as the pain slowly receded once again.

She smiled as she sipped her sparkling lemonade.

"What's wrong?" Rocco asked, taking her hand in his, gently feeling for her pulse. "Is the baby bothering you tonight?"

The glittering lights overhead and all the sparkling guests blurred into the background as she smiled up at her husband. "I'm perfectly fine," she said, squeezing his hand so he would stop feeling for her pulse. "Enjoy yourself," she said with pride. "This is your night!"

Nothing was going to get in the way of Rocco enjoying this night. He was receiving an award for his generous donations to the children's center which had allowed them to care for over one hundred additional children. It was the same center in which Brianna had been brought after her father's suicide.

"Thank you for your donation. You can't imagine how scary it is to think that you're alone, only to realize that there are so many other kids in a similar situation."

He squeezed her hand gently. "I just wish there was some way to eliminate the need for such a place."

"I agree," she said and wished she could lay her head on his broad, muscular chest and snuggle up against him. But her enormous stomach wouldn't allow that. And she didn't want to risk him feeling her contractions, even though they were pretty far apart at the moment.

"Nikki, Rachel and I spent hours in the center. It helped us get through the hard times in foster care and got Rachel away from the loneliness of her home." She and her friends had come to the center after school each day so they could play games or get free tutoring help. The center also admitted after school kids who just needed a safe place to hang out while their parents worked so Rachel was able to sometimes join in. It was a great place that had helped several teens actually get to college, kept hundreds more out of trouble and encouraged all of them to study hard, play safely and grow up happy. It was his way of helping those who endured the same thing all of them had gone through as kids and she loved him even more for being so kind and generous.

He felt her hand tighten and looked down at her but she ripped her hand out of his, pasting a bright smile on her features. "Brianna if something is going on..." he argued, turning to block out the other guests.

She continued to smile up at him and shook her head. "Nothing is going on. If anything starts to happen with your daughter, I promise that you'll be the second to know."

He watched her carefully for a long moment, then relented. "Okay. But you'll tell me if you start getting labor pains? Your due date was three days ago so our son is going to come into this world pretty soon."

She normally would chuckle at him asserting that they were going to have a boy because she was equally convinced they were having a girl. But right now, she was getting too nervous about the impending arrival. She pasted a bright smile on her face anyway, trying to reassure Rocco. She didn't want to cut this night short unless she absolutely had to.

An hour later, as the elaborate dinner was winding down, she had to grit her teeth and accidentally let out a low moan of pain as yet another contraction took over her body.

Rocco heard the sound, always so attuned to every nuance of his lovely wife and cursed under his breath. "Brianna!" he growled while pushing his chair back.

"Don't make a scene!" she gasped, unable to ignore the pain now. It was too intense. "Okay, I think it's time to get to the hospital."

He helped her up out of the chair and put an arm around her waist. The hostess rose up as well, her worried eyes looking at the two of them. "Is everything okay?" she asked.

"Brianna has been having contractions all night," he muttered. "I'm sorry to leave so early, but my son is about to enter the world."

"Oh, how lovely," the hostess said, even while she was waving an imperious hand towards the doorway where two of Rocco's body guards were standing by.

"Get the car," he ordered them gruffly.

Stu was already standing by the car, ready to speed them the few blocks to the hospital where they were pre-registered.

In the car, Brianna could no longer control her moans of pain as the contractions washed over her more quickly. It seemed that, since she'd accepted that the baby was about to be born, the contractions had actually increased in pace as well as intensity. She moaned and leaned forward, gripping Rocco's hand in a death grip as yet another intense pain moved over her belly and across her back.

"Damn you!" she gasped, trying to breathe through the pain. "Rocco why couldn't you just leave those handcuffs alone!" she grouched. She knew the exact time when she'd conceived this baby and she wasn't going to let him ignore his part in it.

Rocco laughed gently. "I don't think the handcuffs were the issue when this baby was conceived."

"Next time, I get to use them on you!"

Rocco looked up into the mirror, noticed Stu's stiff expression and knew that his head of security was finding all of this highly amusing. "Honey, it wouldn't matter if the handcuffs were on me or you. The result would be the same."

She closed her eyes tightly as yet another contraction washed over her. When it was finished, she breathed deeply, trying to fight the pain. "Yes, but next time, I'm going to handcuff you to the bed and walk away so this won't ever happen again."

Rocco chuckled and shook his head. "I don't think that's a realistic possibility."

She glared back at him, bracing against the window and his shoulder as yet another contraction started to move up over her tummy. "Oh yea? Just try me!"

Rocco didn't bother to laugh this time, but instead, reached down lower to massage her back. "Oh, that feels wonderful," she said, moaning as the pain became almost more than she could bear.

"Why didn't you tell me earlier?" he asked, his strong hands rubbing against the pain, doing what he could to help her through the contraction.

She moaned, unable to answer for a moment and Rocco's eyes changed from amused to worried. "How much farther until we reach the hospital?" he demanded of Stu.

"Thirty seconds," he said and turned the corner, pulling up to the emergency room entrance where he'd already alerted the staff to expect them.

Rocco jumped out first, then ran around to the other side to help Brianna out of the vehicle. "Take it slow, love," he said and practically lifted her out of the seat and put her onto the wheel chair.

She groaned as the pain rocked her body again. Rocco looked at the obstetrician. "Why is she like this?" Rocco demanded.

The obstetrician put a hand on Brianna's belly and looked at his watch, all the while urging the orderly to wheel her into the delivery room. "This is normal, Mr. Antoniv. She's just farther along in the delivery stage than we like to intervene."

"What do you mean? She just started her contractions!"

The man shook his head, helping when the orderlies lifted Brianna onto the delivery table. She was quickly changed out of the evening gown and put into a hospital gown. "Your wife is having contractions one on top of the other." He watched carefully as the nurse strapped the monitor onto her protruding belly and moved in for his examination. Rocco watched in amazement and confusion as the doctor scrubbed his hands thoroughly while he called out instructions to the nurses, all of whom were putting things in place, readying the room for the delivery of his child.

"What do you mean? She just started her contractions about five minutes ago." The doctor shook his head. "She started these contractions probably five or six hours ago, sir." He hesitated as he examined the patient who was obviously going through another contraction. "She's ten centimeters dilated and she's about to have this baby."

Rocco spun around with that news and glared at his wife. "Brianna!" he growled, but took her hand, pushing her hair back. "We're not finished with this discussion, my love," he told her angrily.

"I know. But if you could just shut up for a few minutes..." but she couldn't finish that statement as she screamed, the pain too intense to endure or even hide from Rocco.

Rocco held onto his gentle wife's not-so-gentle grip as she endured yet another contraction. When it was over, he turned to the doctor who was now sitting at Brianna's feet. "Can't she have an epidural or something to ease the pain?" he demanded of the doctor.

The doctor shook his head. "It's too late for that. The baby is crowning now." And he turned away to give more instructions to the nurses.

Rocco turned back to Brianna, smothering his anger at her for hiding something like this from him and talked her through the delivery. Later, he would laugh at how his sweet, gentle and always painfully kind wife was screaming at him all the things she was going to do to him when this was over. And he was impressed with her imagination. But while it was going on, he felt like his whole body was being torn apart right along with her. He hated seeing her in pain and would have traded places with her if it was possible. Instead, he held her hand, told her how beautiful she was and how strong. Two hours after entering the hospital, a small cry of fury erupted in the chaotic room and Rocco looked down at his first look at his son. The little guy was covered with blood and white, goopy stuff and he was writhing with anger, but in that moment, Rocco thought that there was nothing more perfect.

The nurses wrapped the baby up in a blanket and quickly wiped his face. They were about to take him away when he felt something on his arm. "Go with him," Brianna was urging. She smiled at him, her sweet, exhausted smile back and she looked about ready to pass out. But she was beautiful.

Rocco bent down and kissed her gently, holding her hand and not even aware that his own was shaking. "I love you," he whispered in her ear.

"I love you too," she said and leaned her head back. "Go take care of our son," she said.

Rocco didn't need any other urging. He walked over to the area where the nurses were checking his vital signs and giving him his first bath, the overhead lights warming his tiny body. "Do you want to hold him?" the nurse asked gently when she was finished.

At first, he started to shake his head, afraid of holding anything so tiny and fragile. But the need to touch this miracle was too much and he finally nodded, unable to speak. The nurse wrapped the baby up in a clean blanket, put a hat over his downy head and handed the tiny little man to Rocco, showing him how to hold the child's head carefully.

Holding the baby close, Rocco walked over to Brianna who was also being cleaned up. As he approached, he laid the baby down in her arms, holding his son's head and looking down at him as if he were something amazing, which he was.

"He's beautiful," she whispered.

The nurses and doctor slowly moved out of the room while the mother and father watched their new son sleep. "Yes. He's perfect," Rocco said softly. "You're perfect."

Brianna laughed and shook her head, leaning against his shoulder as if she needed contact with him even in the midst of this chaos. "Thank you," she sighed.

He smiled slightly, running a finger over his son's perfect cheek. "Does that mean I can use the handcuffs again?" he asked her.

Brianna couldn't stop the snort of laughter and she hugged her son closer, not bothering to answer her wonderful husband.

