Chapter 1

Shanelle Basara tugged the formal gown higher, irritated that she even had to wear such an outfit. It was ridiculous that she was here, much less all dolled up for some arrogant, conceited jerk. She'd made it quite clear to the powers-that-be that she wanted nothing to do with this weekend, but here she was.

Unfortunately, it wasn't like she could simply ignore the summons. He was the sheik!

But why was she here? As Shanelle looked around, there were so many eager, excited women, most of whom were much more beautiful and poised than she was. Of course, some of those differences she had fostered intentionally. She'd purposely played down her looks with almost no makeup and possibly the most unflattering dress she could find. The halter style dress was a silvery grey which she thought made her skin look pale and sallow. The cut of the dress made her hips look huge and her boobs were barely visible, unlike many of the other choices on the ladies present. The cut of the hemline probably showed a bit too much leg, but it was the best she could do on such short notice.

She wasn't fat by anyone's definition, but she refused to starve herself like so many other women. She had a tiny waist but who cared about a waistline? Her legs were fine, but not overly toned like the woman to Shanelle's right. Nor were they long and slender like the woman to her left. She walked beside her mother and father feeling inadequate, self-conscious and resentful, wishing she were anyone and anywhere else.

She didn't understand why so many women had been invited to a huge ball at the palace. If the rumors were true, then the sheik was trying to find a wife. But the man was thirty-six years old and had remained unmarried until this point. Why would he bow to tradition and marry now? It didn't make any sense. Of course, it didn't make much sense for her and her parents to be here either. Her father was well off and well liked in the government, but he wasn't a high ranking officer or agency leader. Her mother didn't work, but she helped her father through socializing, which Shanelle knew was a very powerful part of life in Kanaan. As in many government political careers, much of the work of government was done during social events, during quiet negotiations over a glass of wine or bourbon, ending in a handshake.

But that had nothing to do with Shanelle, so it was very strange for her to be invited when she'd never been a part of their social network before now. So the rumors must be true about the sheik needing to find a wife. Since that wasn't a position to which Shanelle aspired, she wanted to turn around and head back home, curl up on her overstuffed chair and read a good book. Of course, she could also afford to put in a few more hours studying for the law exams which she'd signed up to take next month.

As she waited in line to be announced, she looked around, trying to figure out how to get out of this ridiculous charade. She didn't want to be noticed, she wanted to blend in. To be in the background.

"Dad, I need to run to freshen up," she said and slipped her hand from his arm before he could argue with her. She smiled at her mother to reassure her, but spun around on her heel and headed in the opposite direction. She stopped one of the servants who was carrying a tray of champagne glasses, asking where the ladies' room was, and then made her way there as quickly as possible. If she were very lucky, she could stay in the luxurious area until all the announcements were finished. Shanelle had a plan. It wasn't a very good plan, but it would allow her to remain invisible.

Slipping back out after ten minutes, she surveyed the hallway. There was still a line of people moving towards the ballroom, but at least her parents were already inside. That meant she didn't have to go through the formal announcement of her arrival. That meant she could be anonymous!

She grinned as she picked up her skirts and slipped down the hallway where all the waiters were moving back and forth. It would be so much easier to be invisible if she could go in through the servants' entrance instead of the main doorway. She suspected the sheik and his entourage were waiting at the bottom of the staircase, greeting each of the guests as they were introduced.

With a smile of delight, she peered down the hallway, excited to have snubbed the sheik in such a way. It was small and possibly petty, but with such a powerful man, it wasn't a good idea to snub him blatantly. So these small rebellions were all she could safely contrive.

She stopped at the corner, then turned slightly and peered down the hallway, trying to figure out if it was safe to enter through this hallway or if she should find another.

Malik Badri del Rahal, Sheik of Kanaan, spotted the flash of silver out of the corner of his eye. Raising his hand, there was immediate silence from his aide who was walking beside him.

If there hadn't been numerous attempts on his life recently, he never would have agreed to this weekend. But even Malik accepted that the best way to stop the assassination attempts was to marry quickly and produce an heir. Or several heirs, as he had been advised on numerous occasions.

Malik had resisted the idea, preferring to concentrate on keeping the country growing. The idea of taking the time out to marry and produce an heir seemed like a ridiculous waste. But after the fourth attempt on his life, Malik knew that something drastic had to be done.

It wasn't that he didn't like the company of women. No, he definitely enjoyed that part of life. With great relish, even! It was just the idea of being tied down to one woman that bothered him. His advisors had told him over and over again that being married didn't mean he couldn't enjoy variety. He'd just have to be more discreet about it.

The idea left a bad taste in his mouth, but he'd gone along with the marriage idea. And the most expedient way to accomplish the task was to gather as many eligible women to the palace and simply select one that would get the job done. This was the third such weekend, and so far, no woman had captured his attention. At this point, Malik was willing to just point to one of them and have the decision over with. It seemed crude, but he was tired of these weekends filled with balls and elaborate dinners. He had things to do, and taking time to socialize with a group of overly made up, primped and starved women just didn't seem like a good use of anyone's time or money.

The flash of silver disappeared down the servants' hallway and Malik walked quickly in that direction, determined to capture whoever was sneaking into the ballroom. He knew it wasn't a servant, since they were in gold and maroon uniforms.

The thought crossed his mind that, if he could capture the silver flash, perhaps he could get some answers on the plot to get rid of him. If he could find out who was trying to kill him, he could eliminate the threat and there wouldn't be an urgent need for him to marry and produce an heir.

Malik knew that his aide was following, uncertain as to why they weren't heading towards the ballroom. People were gathering already, eager to see the sheik and present their daughters for inspection.

But what he saw as he turned the corner was more fascinating than any criminal intent. The curved, lush bottom pointing in his direction caused his body to react with unexpected interest. Why would someone send a female to kill him?

When the cute bottom disappeared under the voluminous ball gown, he watched with rising interest as a long, slender leg protruded from the front. The woman pulled the silver material over that leg but Malik didn't mind since that only drew his eye up higher. The lovely, enticing view of the woman's breast captured his attention. He could only see the side, and most of her breast was covered in the fabulous dress, but there was enough of a glimpse to capture his interest.

So the evening wasn't going to be a total bore after all, he thought with relish.

Malik slipped down the hallway, signaling to his guards to get ahead of the woman by the parallel hallway but not to catch her. They were to stand down while he figured out what she was up to.

While he watched, the silver clad beauty tip toed down the hallway. Why she was trying to be so quiet was a mystery, but she looked adorable as she peeked down each perpendicular hallway, giving him yet another view of her adorable derriere.

As she continued to move down the hallway, he started to suspect that the woman wasn't of the criminal variety. She was too obvious and had very little stealth. Besides, there was something about the expression on her face that just didn't jive with someone intent on murder. She looked too gleeful, too delighted on mischief.

When she reached the end of the hallway, he moved closer, intent on seeing her face. After examining her body for the past several minutes, he admitted that he was more than a little intrigued. Spellbound would be a better description.

Moving closer, he watched with interest as she crossed her fingers behind her, then peered around the opening to the ballroom.

It was now or never, he thought. And there was no way he would allow this little beauty to be lost in the crowd, which is what he now suspected she was trying to do. An assassin wouldn't be crossing her fingers behind her back. She would be pulling out a gun or other weapon. Nor would she be wearing a silver gown that caught the light, making her whole figure sparkle. No, an assassin would blend in, possibly wearing a black gown or maybe even brown. Something many other women wore. Or she would dress as a waiter. But even then, she would stand out. That black, shiny hair that was twisted on the back of her head highlighted her delicate bone structure. She really was a stunning beauty, he thought as the light from the ballroom illuminated her features. Her eyes were a dark, chocolate brown, her skin a creamy color with peach highlights which he didn't think was due to makeup. She had long, thick eyelashes that surrounded those almond-shaped eyes, making her appear sensuous without loads of makeup. Even the fact that she wore less than half the makeup as the other women would make her stand out. Not to mention the excitement in her lovely, expressive eyes when she bit her full, lower lip.

No, this woman wasn't an assassin. He was literally staking his life on that instinct as he moved closer and leaned against the wall right behind her. In this position, she was currently too occupied looking around the corner, but he could see right down that lovely dress to those breasts that his hands suddenly ached to hold and explore. They were full and luscious and the cut of her dress gave him an enticing view of the deep V and interesting shadows. His eyes noticed the bow holding the halter-style bodice in place and he wanted very desperately to pull that teasing string so he could view those breasts fully.

He resisted the urge, but knew that he would get the opportunity. She was just too alluring for him to resist. Assassin or innocent, he would have this woman in his bed. In that moment, he accepted that this woman was either going to be his next mistress or his wife, the choice was up to her.

Suddenly, the idea of marriage didn't seem nearly as dull as it had only five minutes ago. He suspected that this woman would be a bewitching enticement into the matrimonial state.

Shanelle felt something warm behind her but that didn't make any sense. The wait staff were all out in the ballroom distributing drinks and trays of appetizers. Her whole body went cold with sudden tingling that felt spookily close to fear. She became very still. Standing up straight, she tried to use her peripheral vision to figure out what had changed. To the left of her, she saw a stern, terrifyingly bulky man in a tuxedo. To the right of her, another one stood with his hands folded in front of him. Both of them were looking straight at her.

Her breath caught in her throat and she suddenly knew that she'd been caught! Were these the palace security guards who were about to have her tossed out of the building? Well, that would be embarrassing, she thought quickly, unaware that she was biting her lower lip. But it would definitely serve her purpose. Her father couldn't really blame her if she was evicted from the ball, could he? Okay, so he would eventually find out that she was sneaking down the servants' hallway. And he would know exactly what she was trying to do. But could he blame her?

She decided to turn around and head back down the hallway. She didn't really want to deal with her father's wrath if he found out that she'd tried to sneak in and been ignominiously tossed out of the event. Turning around, she prayed that the guards would allow her to just slip back where she'd come from. Maybe they would think...

In that instant, she realized with a jolt that the man standing behind her was no mere palace security guard!

"Oh crap!" she snapped, then realized what she'd just said. "I didn't just say crap!" she told the man, covering her mouth with her hand as she stared up into his amused, dark eyes. "You didn't hear that, did you?" she asked, but the increasing laughter in those black eyes told her that he had definitely heard her.

She peered around the man's extremely large body and looked down the hallway. "Are you following me?" she asked with accusation in her voice.

Malik couldn't stop the laughter as she glared up at him. "Of course I followed you," he said with a smooth, deep voice. "I thought you were an assassin trying to sneak into the ballroom."

Shanelle rolled her eyes, then realized what she was doing and who she was talking to and gasped with horror at her monumental faux pas.

She rallied quickly, not liking the feeling of being wrong, and straightened her shoulders. Being on the offensive was a much better position for her anyway. "Why aren't you in the ballroom anyway?" she asked desperately. "You're supposed to be in there meeting and greeting," she groaned, stomping her foot with increasing frustration and some other strange, almost queasy sensation in her stomach that she couldn't quite define. "You're not where you're supposed to be!"

Malik chuckled again, pushing away from the wall. "I apologize for being out of place," he said and reached down to take her hand. With old-world chivalry, he raised her hand and kissed her fingers but those dark eyes promised so much more.

Shanelle felt the shock when his fingers touched hers and she immediately wanted to pull her hand away. He anticipated her move and tightened his hand around her fingers, refusing to release her hand. Instead, he tucked it onto the curve of his elbow, pulling her close. She didn't want the 'more' that appeared in those dark eyes of his. She wanted to flee, to run as fast as she could away from him.

Her other hand covered her stomach as the queasy feeling turned strange. Almost as if a whole bunch of butterflies were fitting around in her stomach. She looked up at the man, wondering what was going on.

"What do you want?" she asked warily, trying to keep her body away from his large form, but it was difficult with her arm in this position. "You're making me very nervous."

Shanelle couldn't see his features very well in the dim hallway light, but she knew Sheik Rahal was considered a very attractive man. As she looked up at him, it occurred to her that he wasn't handsome in the traditional sense. His features were too hard, too dark. The idea of a 'hunter' came to mind as she looked at him and the shivering started inside of her. Was she the prey? She didn't want to even be close to him, much less get his attention. "I think my plan has completely backfired," she said under her breath.

"What plan was that?" he asked as he moved into the ballroom.

Shanelle blinked as they stepped out into the bright, overhead lights. "To avoid you," she whispered, her face turning pink as all eyes looked in their direction. "Damn it! Why couldn't you be where you were supposed to be?" she demanded, but the force of her words was diminished by the trembling that was now all over her as he wrapped his arms around her and nodded to the small orchestra to start playing. "I don't want to dance with you," she snapped and tried to put a little space between their bodies.

Malik was having none of that. Now that this lush beauty was in his arms, the evening was suddenly much more interesting. "That is unfortunate," he stated as his arm tightened around her waist, pulling her even closer so that her hips were touching his. He heard her gasp from the contact and waited for her to look up at him. The music began and he started dancing, initially pulling her along with him but she rallied quickly. The feel of her in his arms was even better than he'd imagined. She was soft in all the right places with a sparkle in her eyes and a spunky personality. Even her frustration at being in his arms was alluring since it was so unusual for a woman to resist him. And she could dance! The delightful woman was light on her feet, never tripping and accepting his lead.

He couldn't say that he'd become bored with the women in his life. He'd been more than pleasured by his various mistresses over the years. But as he pulled this beauty along in his arms, he realized that he wanted so much more in a woman that someone who simply complied with his commands. He wanted someone with a mind of her own, someone who would challenge him.

Looking down into her dark and furious, yet scared eyes, Malik instinctively knew that this woman would challenge him in ways he couldn't even anticipate. And her allure ratcheted up several notches. He almost laughed when his body responded. He knew the instant that she felt it as well and her wary eyes looked up at him. But he could also see that she was just as affected. The pulse at the base of her neck was going at a rapid pace. Her pupils were dilated and her entire body trembled in his arms.

He didn't want her nervous. He wanted her willing and eager. She was a complete novelty and he eagerly anticipated discovering all of her secrets.

Shanelle wanted to pull out of his arms and run down the hallway, to hide in some dark place where he could never find her. She hated feeling this way, preferred tackling life head on, but there was something about this man that just struck her as innately terrifying.

She didn't want to feel this way. She didn't want to be affected by his touch, or shivering in anticipation. She didn't want her mind to even consider what it would be like to be kissed by those firm lips or wonder what his callused fingers would feel like on her skin. But the more he held her, the more she knew that her body was betraying her mind's requests. She couldn't seem to put enough space between their bodies to avoid feeling the hardness that was actually increasing as they danced.

"You're scaring me," she whispered, looking directly at the middle of his chest.

"Look at me when you talk to me," he ordered softly but with absolute command.

Shanelle hated being told what to do but in this case, she tilted her head back and glared at him. "Don't order me!" she snapped right back at him. "I don't take well to commands!"

Malik looked down into his spitfire's eyes and wanted to laugh with delight. "I think there may be a few commands you won't mind following. Once I get you into the right frame of mind."

She immediately shook her head. "I haven't ever done well with someone telling me what to do. Don't bother. It generally backfires on my father."

One dark eyebrow went up in inquiry. "I imagine that the things I would order you to do would be significantly different than the commands from your father." He chuckled when his words caused her blush to deepen and her trembling increased. "But I also suspect that you won't mind my commands. Eventually."

She took a deep breath and tried to regain some measure of control. "Why are you dancing with me? Why don't you dance with someone who is interested?"

He smiled at her blatant challenge. "Are you trying to convince me that you don't feel the attraction between us? Or are you trying to convince yourself?"

She was so shocked by his comment that she wasn't sure how to respond. "You don't beat around the bush, do you?" she groaned.

"When it is something I want? No."

"You don't really want me," she countered with increasing panic and looked around. "There are so many women here, why don't you shine your illustrious presence on someone who would appreciate it?" She spotted a woman on the sidelines glaring at them. "For instance, Isla Domani over there in the pink dress. She is beautiful and poised. She's also very smart, working with an accounting firm right now." She looked down slightly, her brow furrowing in confusion. "Or at least I think she's still working." Shanelle bit her lip, trying to remember other things that had come up about Isla recently.

"And what about you?" he asked. "What is your background?"

Shanelle shook her head. "Oh, I'm completely inappropriate," she stated emphatically.

Malik laughed and raised his eyebrows. "In what way?"

Shanelle cringed inwardly. This wasn't working, she thought. "I just finished law school in the United States," she stated, trying to show him that she wasn't willing to be a boring wife who follows her husband around. "I am now studying to pass the legal hoops here in Kanaan so that I can start practicing law here."

"What sort of law would you like to do?" he asked. Not that she would ever do that, he thought. No, he had a completely different position that she would be filling. The more he spoke to her, the more fascinated he was with both her personality and her intelligence. And her creativity. He couldn't wait to see what she'd come up with next to try and diminish his interest in her.

Shanelle frowned and a different sort of sparkle entered her eyes. "I'd like to work in family law. But I'm afraid I'll get burned out after a while. It's a hard area to tackle. I don't think I would enjoy working with couples trying to divorce but I would still like to help those who are going through that difficult process if someone were taking advantage of them. But since divorce is extremely rare here in Kanaan, I'm not focusing so much on that area as protecting children and families from issues they don't understand."

He was impressed. "Family law is a difficult area to break into. One's practice grows mostly by word of mouth."

She grimaced. "I know. But one needs to do what one enjoys and is passionate about in order to be successful, right?" she asked with the first sign of eagerness since he'd snuck up behind her.

"Absolutely," he murmured, thinking of all the passionate things he would enjoy doing to her once he finally got her into his bed.

"And it isn't as hard to get into that field as it used to be," she went on, oblivious to the sexual thoughts racing through his mind. "I mean, there are so many social media outlets now where a person can get their name to the people who are looking for help. And then the word of mouth can start up. I just need to get through Kanaan law exams, then find a small office space." She nodded with absolute conviction of her eventual success. "It will be okay," she smiled up at him.

Malik took in her smile and his body reacted even more urgently. He wanted that smile to be for him, he thought. He pulled her closer as they spun around the dance area one more time. She was obviously unaware that they'd danced together for the last three songs but he wasn't going to relent his hold on her.

"So what were your dreams before you were pulled into your current role?" she asked, her feet feeling like they were floating on air. This man was an incredible dancer. Not once did he step on her toes or hesitate in his confident lead. He was all muscle and towered over her, but he wasn't clumsy as tall, bulky men usually were. And should be, she thought with a sudden stab of mild resentment.

He lifted his dark eyebrow at her question. "Why do you think I should have done something else with my life other than serve Kanaan?" he asked curiously. From birth, he had known that he might eventually rule Kanaan and he'd never thought about doing anything else. His country had grown in education, economics, technology, innovation and tourism under his rule and he intended to expand that growth even further in the future. If his older brother had indicated a desire and aptitude for sound leadership, he would have done something to help Kanaan expand and prosper. It was in his blood, an ever-present duty to his country.

She shrugged one delicate shoulder as she tilted her head. "I remember that you were the third or fourth oldest. You weren't in line for the throne originally, were you?"

Malik nodded his head. "I was second."

"So didn't you have something you wanted to do other than be in charge of all this chaos?"

He didn't want to go into that, so he answered her question with a question. "Why do you think ruling Kanaan is chaotic?" he asked.

She laughed up at him. "Are you kidding me? All the political movements, the power struggles, the Parliament that keeps passing laws that you then dismiss with a flick of your pen?" She shook her head. "Sometimes I wish you'd just disband that irritating crowd and make everyone vote all over again."

He chuckled as well because that thought occurred to him almost daily. "It's an enticing idea," he replied honestly.

"So what would you be doing if your father had permitted your older brother to rule Kanaan?"

He raised an eyebrow. "Possibly doing exactly what my brothers are currently doing."

Shanelle laughed and shook her head. "No. I doubt it." She looked at him with serious eyes. "I can't imagine you laying about the various resort areas of the world drinking and doing drugs, cavorting frivolously." She bit her lip a moment before she said, "Is that why your father took them out of the line of ascension?" she asked carefully. "Were they already showing signs of debauchery at an earlier age?"

Malik didn't want to get into the details so he just said, "I don't know what my father was thinking during that period in his life," he lied. Malik had been happily developing his own career in the military although he still had to live in the palace. But when his father had called a family meeting of all the men and divulged that his oldest and youngest sons would be denied the right to rule because of their proclivities, it had fallen to Malik to take the reins. He hadn't wanted that, had been ready to work his way up the military path but fate and his father had other plans. Now, his brothers were watched constantly to see if they are the ones behind the assassination attempts.

It suddenly occurred to Shanelle that they had been dancing for quite a while. Looking around, she noticed several glares from the other women around the room. "I think we should stop," she said, hoping he would release her and dance with other women.

That was not going to happen, unfortunately. He walked her off of the dance floor, but he wouldn't release her hand. As he moved about the ballroom, he introduced her to everyone he spoke with, included her in the conversations, asked her opinions about the various subjects and basically kept her by his side. When they reached her parents, her father was beaming with pride. Why he would care so much about his youngest daughter catching the eye of a man, she'd never understand. He hadn't even been this proud when she'd graduated from law school!

"Mr. Basara, Ms. Basara," he said cooling, bowing slightly when she introduced them, "I would like to invite you and your daughter to join me here at the palace. I would sincerely like to get to know your delightful daughter better and I'm sure she would be more comfortable with you here in residence as well."

Shanelle's mouth dropped open with horror, not sure what to say or do to discourage this terrifying turn of events. But when her mother and father both eagerly agreed, she knew that she was trapped.

Chapter 2

Shanelle paced through the breakfast room, her heels clicking on the marble floor, but nothing seemed to be able to stop her frantic thoughts. She had to get out of this. This entire situation was going in the wrong direction. How had she messed up her plans so completely? How had she gotten into such a predicament?

If only she'd stayed with her parents last night. She couldn't believe that her idea of being inconspicuous had so completely backfired. Why hadn't the man simply been where he was expected to be? Why had she even tried to circumvent the social niceties? If she'd just gone with the flow, she'd probably be home in her own room right now, reviewing her books so she could take the law exam next month. She'd completely screwed everything up!

But that didn't mean she was going to ruin her whole life.

Shanelle was not going to fall under that man's spell. He was too powerful and held all the control. She wasn't a woman who liked to be told what to do, and rebelled at even the thought of someone trying to command her mind and spirit. Malik wasn't likely to approve of her stubbornness and independence, and in the end, they would hate each other. She wasn't going to be tied to a man she despised, and there was absolutely no way she was going to get pregnant. No, Shanelle simply couldn't do it. She had to get out of this fix somehow.

"You look tormented," the deep voice said and Shanelle spun around as Malik entered the breakfast room. He looked amazingly good and Shanelle swallowed painfully. "What's on your mind?" he asked as he stopped less than an inch from her, looking down into her worried eyes.

"I don't like the implication of my presence here this weekend." There, she'd said it and he could take it however he wanted. She didn't care. After a sleepless night worrying about what to do and say to Malik, she just wanted to get that out into the open.

Malik chuckled, not offended by her adamant statement in the least. In fact, he'd expected it and was impressed that she wasn't afraid to speak her mind. "I think I've already gotten that sense. The question is why don't you want to be here?"

She squared her shoulders, refusing to give in to the trembling his nearness caused. "I don't like what this means. People will start to think that...." She couldn't finish. The idea of what they might think was too crazy. "Why am I here?" she asked.

He took pity on her, noting the dark circles under her eyes and the fatigue that seemed to emanate from her whole body. "For exactly the reason you think," he said with complete honesty.

She swallowed and blinked, trying to focus. "Rumor has it that you're looking for a wife."

"I am. I need to marry and have children, as do most other men and women in the world."

"Why am I here?"

"Because I want you. And because you are a beautiful woman and I find myself painfully attracted to you." As he spoke, his hands moved to her waist, pulling her close enough so that she was flush against his body. "I don't have the time to go through all the normal courtship rituals. So my aides expedited the situation by bringing several females to the palace."

"And you're to choose one of them for your wife."

"That's the plan." He wasn't sure, but he suspected that she was angry about his answer. "Most women would be flattered that they were chosen." He watched her face carefully. "I'm guessing you're not one of those women?"

"You guess correctly," she said and pulled out of his arms. Instantly, she felt cold without his heat close to her, but she crossed her arms, refusing to appreciate that there might be some benefits to being with him. She knew from experience that those benefits faded quickly.

She took several steps away, aware of servants and palace staff passing by outside of the breakfast room. "This all sounds like that old Cinderella fairy tale. But I'm not a poverty stricken woman who wants to be lifted up out of her oppressive household by a man she's never met before. What if I don't want to be considered?" she asked, hoping against hope that he could be reasonable.

Malik wanted to laugh. He could still see her nipples through the thin material of her blouse so he knew she was as affected by their nearness as he was. So why was she fighting this attraction? Shanelle Basara became more fascinating with every conversation. She was like a puzzle that he needed to figure out.

"Then I guess I'll have to show you my sterling qualities and perhaps we can work out a compromise."

She shifted on her feet, eyeing him warily. "I didn't think there was much compromise in a relationship with a man like you. And I haven't heard of much compromise in your dealings with Parliament. Are you saying that you would treat me differently?"

"Yes." Of course he would treat his wife differently than the others in Parliament and his government officials. He had no desire to make love to any of those people. He didn't think she'd appreciate his humor though so he kept that thought to himself.

"Then what sort of compromise would there be? You've already mentioned several commands you want to give me. I can't imagine what enticement there might be in marriage for the woman."

Malik chuckled and took her hand once again. "Let's walk. I don't think you want others to hear this conversation."

"I don't think I want to have any conversation with you. This isn't a situation I want to be in anyway. There are so many other women who would love to be in my place. Please, just take a look around." She pulled back but he simply put an arm around her waist and guided her out the door anyway.

"Unfortunately for you, it is you that I want in my bed."

She gasped. Never had a man been so blatant. "That's not true! I just represent a challenge!" She bit her lip and thought frantically as he pulled her deeper into the darkness. "If I throw myself at you will you be turned off?" she asked, knowing immediately how ridiculous that statement sounded.

He laughed again and looked down at her. "Why don't you try it and I'll let you know?"

She scowled into the darkness. "Oh, shut up. I knew how stupid that came out even before the statement ended." She crossed her arms over her chest defensively, ignoring his laughter.

He'd led her out into a lovely courtyard filled with fragrant flowers and lush greenery. She didn't want to be in this romantic spot and longed for the business of the palace once again. "So what do you want to talk about? Let's get this conversation over with so you can talk to some other women. We're becoming a spectacle," she stated firmly. She could see people watching the two of them even out here in the garden. But why wouldn't they? Rumors were flying that this man was looking for a wife and just about every single woman in the kingdom, in the world really, and probably some of the married ones, would sell their souls to the devil to be the woman he chose.

He led her over to a terrace that offered them much more privacy. "Tell me more about yourself."

She became stubborn as she saw several other women glaring at her from a distance. She recognized several of them from the ball last night and started to feel a sense of relief. It was only a small sense, but any sort of reprieve helped her mentally to get through this. The presence of the other women must mean that he wasn't focused exclusively on her. Maybe those other women were in contention for his hand as well. "No. I don't want to know anything about you and I don't want you to know anything about me."

He stepped in front of her, blocking her view of the other women. "Ah, so you want to remain the mysterious stranger that continues to haunt my dreams, eh?"

"Absolutely not!" she snapped and put a hand to the middle of his chest. Her intent was to push him away but her hand snapped back away from that touch and her worried eyes shot up to his.

She couldn't see his reaction in the dark, but she felt it. She might not be touching him any longer, but she still could feel the increased heat. His hands, which had been in his pockets for the last few moments, came out and slowly, as if in slow motion, took her hand and placed it back on his chest.

Shanelle's eyes weren't looking at his any longer, but they were still wide with shock. And no matter how many times she tried to pull her hand away, it slid down his chest, exploring those muscles underneath. When they flinched under her fingertips and palm, she looked back up at him. "Yes, you do this to me," he explained with a gravelly voice. "No woman has ever made me feel like this before," he said. "So now you understand why I am focused on you as opposed to the other women in the room and why I'm not going to allow you ignore this thing between us. It is rare for two people to be this attracted to each other and we're going to explore it together."

She heard his words and wondered about them. "It can't last," she whispered, still shifting her hand along his muscular chest, unable to pull herself away from him.

He sucked in his breath when her fingers accidentally moved over his flat, male nipple. "Shut up, Shanelle," he groaned and moved closer. When his mouth covered hers, the flame of desire that she'd been ignoring flared up to life. It wasn't a contained fire that could be examined and enjoyed. No, this was one of those wild fires that consumed everything, flaming into life in every part of her body. It destroyed her resistance, burned out her brain cells and heated up her entire body until she felt like she was going to explode into a cloud of ash.

She had no understanding of anything outside of his lips, his hands touching her waist and her back, pulling her closer. And then his leg slipped between hers, pressing against her core while his hands pulled her hips against his. Hard. She whimpered with increased need and her arms slid up from his chest to his neck, pulling herself closer to him.

She felt his hands shift, reveled in the amazing sensations ripping through her body. But then his hand covered her breast through the fabric of her silk shirt and she gasped, ripping herself out of his embrace. She stared up at him, her body braced for a fight, not sure what had just happened. What had he done? What had she done?

She stared up at him and watched with growing confusion as the fire in his eyes increased and a slow, sexy smile grew on those lips that had just been kissing her.

"No man has ever touched your breasts. Am I right?" he asked, his chest swelling with pride that this beautiful woman was so responsive. To him.

She shook her head, trying to clear away the confusion but he knew that the only thing that would put that fire out and make sense was a culmination of what they'd just been doing. "Don't fight it, Shanelle," he said softly and stepped closer to her. He wanted to comfort her but she stepped back, pressing into the bannister behind her.

He stopped, but only because he didn't want to frighten her any more. What they'd done together showed him without a doubt that the two of them would be sexually compatible. "Why are you so afraid of me?" he asked as he led her back towards the breakfast room.

Shanelle looked around and realized that there wasn't anyone else on the balcony. "Where did everyone else go?" she asked, more focused on that issue than his question.

Malik looked around. "I think my guards cleared out the area and the windows so that I could kiss you without everyone witnessing."

Shanelle groaned. "I can't believe you did that!" she gasped. "Why on earth would you give that sort of command to your guards?"

"Because I don't enjoy others watching me." He thought that would be self-explanatory.

She shook her head, her palm slapping against her forehead. "Not that!" she replied, shuddering at the idea of someone taking a picture of them kissing. It would be on the Internet already if that had happened. "First of all, you shouldn't have kissed me," she told him sternly. "And secondly, having your guards shoo everyone away just about advertised what you were doing!"

"What we were doing," he corrected, emphasizing that she was a more than willing participant.

Shanelle's head bowed in shame. "Yes. I'm sorry, but I can't do this," she said. Looking up at him she asked, "Is there a less obtrusive way to get back inside?" She tried to come up with a logical reason why they would be out here together and then entering the breakfast area together but her mind came up blank. "If we just went in to breakfast from different directions, maybe no one will ask any questions or make assumptions."

Malik considered her request. He knew that if he walked into that breakfast room, every pair of eyes would watch. It would almost be an announcement of his intentions. And they would all know exactly what the two of them had been doing out on the balcony since Shanelle's lips were swollen from his kiss.

"If I show you a back way, will you promise me something?" he asked gently. He too wanted his privacy. If it had been any other woman, he probably wouldn't care. But there was something about this delicate beauty that got to him. He wanted to make her happy. That was a feeling he hadn't anticipated feeling towards his future spouse since this courtship had to be accomplished so quickly.

"Anything," she assured him instantly. If it got her out of re-entering that ballroom on his arm, and possibly getting some space from him, she would promise to do just about anything.

He laughed softly at her eagerness and ran a finger down her cheek, enjoying the feel of her shivers as it trailed down her neck as well. "Promise that you'll be open to this weekend. To me. I won't deny that I have to marry and do so quickly. But I hadn't anticipated meeting someone like you."

Shanelle swallowed. She thought about what she could say, but getting to know a man like Malik was not a good career move. And then something occurred to her as she suddenly realized that she might really want this. At least to get to know him.

"I'll be open to this weekend as long as you keep the other women here as well. And you look to them as possible wives."

Malik smothered a smile at that. He knew from experience that the other women wouldn't affect him like this little lady did. "It's a deal."

Shanelle hesitated when he extended his hand. From their kiss moments ago, she knew that touching him was....stimulating. No! No, it was dangerous! She wasn't stimulated by his touch.

In the end, she couldn't resist the temptation any longer. She actually braced for the impact of putting her hand into his but she still wasn't prepared. The heat that overwhelmed her as his large, strong hand engulfed hers was breathtaking.

She looked up at him and knew that he was feeling the exact same thing. "Let's go inside for breakfast," she suggested softly.

He didn't release her hand immediately. She even felt a small tug, as if he were trying to bring her closer.

"Of course. Go off to the left and someone will meet you there. I'll come around from the opposite doorway."

He raised her hand to his mouth, his eyes holding her hostage as his lips touched her fingers. She wasn't aware of her mouth falling open or her body almost melting as those sparks of need tingled through her. She couldn't breathe, couldn't pull away and wanted badly for him to kiss her again.

When he lifted his head again and stepped back, finally releasing her hand, she felt cold and suddenly bereft. She actually opened her mouth to beg him to touch her again, then realized what she was doing and stopped.

Closing her mouth firmly, she took a deep, sustaining breath, then turned around and followed the body guard that mysteriously appeared to the left of them.

Shanelle looked back at him, trying to figure out how he could reduce her mind to mush so easily. Even last night, being held in his arms as they danced and walked about the ballroom, she'd been aware of every movement of his body, every touch of his hand and the heat of him. And now, as she looked back at him, she wanted to know what he was thinking. She stopped her mind from even trying to guess; she could feel his thoughts. The heat and energy emanating from his tall, muscular body was enough to tell her exactly what he was thinking.

Unfortunately, she was thinking it as well.

She turned away hurriedly and walked behind the guard, her head bowed in shame that she'd reacted so intensely towards a man she'd just met. She didn't want a rich, powerful man for a spouse. She wanted a partner.

Chapter 3

That night, she was shown to a beautiful suite that even had a balcony that looked out over the city. The lights of the streets and buildings twinkled in the distance while the stars sparkled overhead. She couldn't believe what had actually happened tonight. Why had he chosen her? She wasn't special in any way. She had dark hair, just like all the other women. Her brown eyes were unexceptional and her skin was good, but so many other women had the same creamy complexion.

Shanelle knew there were beautiful blonds and sultry redheads somewhere in the palace, all who would dearly love to be chosen as the next baby maker.

Since she had no idea how to get out of this, she really needed to come up with a plan.

She sat down in one of the chairs on the private balcony, looking out at the night. There was a bit of amusement in all of this, she thought as she curled her legs up underneath her. She didn't have her computer, so she couldn't study or do any research. She now had a change of clothes, although dinner tonight revealed that none of her current wardrobe would be suitable for meetings with the illustrious Sheik Rahal, and she had no book so she couldn't even read.

So what was a girl to do when one didn't have any entertainment?

She could possibly go to sleep, but she wasn't really tired. Besides, it was only nine o'clock, she realized as she glanced at the clock on the wall. She was normally tired about this time of the evening, being more of a morning person. But there was too much going on in her life for her mind to shut down enough to sleep.

She had to chuckle at how badly her plans had gone awry. She'd tried to be inconspicuous and all she'd done was put herself right in the path of the curious man she'd specifically been trying to avoid. She'd tried to ignore the man during meals but he only started arguments with her, seeming to know exactly how to push her buttons and get her to join in the argument. He was supposed to be flirting with the other women staying here at the palace, but he barely even glanced in their direction, despite their best attempts to lure his attention their way. Life was a bit out of control, she thought.

She snuggled more comfortably on the deep cushions, wondering why the man was so argumentative with her. And why didn't he think that Besrani Tolame, the beautiful blond woman sitting to the right of him at dinner tonight, was a good candidate for his wife?

Not that she'd thought the woman was very nice, she thought with a yawn. The blond had irritated her to no end with her sappy stories about all the volunteer work she'd supposedly done. What a crock, Shanelle thought as she leaned her head back against the soft cushion behind her.

Malik looked down at the gorgeous woman who had fallen asleep on the chair out on her balcony. The white material of her nightgown seemed conservative enough, but because of the cut of the gown, her long, slender legs were exposed to his viewing pleasure. Not to mention the bodice was loose enough to droop open, giving him an enticing view of the luscious swells of her breasts.

He'd come here to make sure she was comfortable, intending only to knock on her door then move on down the hallway to his own suite of rooms. But when there wasn't an answer after he'd knocked, and the body guards now assigned to protect her assured him that she hadn't left through either the doorway or the balcony, he stepped inside the room. He just wanted to make sure she was okay. He could have sent a servant in, but for some reason, he wanted to see her himself.

The view he was now looking at, with her shimmering night gown draped around her and her long, black hair falling over her shoulder, he knew he'd made the right decision. He even liked the fact that she didn't want to be his wife. He had to fight to win her, and he relished the challenge.

He bent down and lifted her into his arms, intending to take her to bed so she could sleep more comfortably. He was stunned by how little she weighed. He carried her to the bed and was just about to put her on the mattress when she woke up.

"It's you," she sighed.

"Were you expecting someone else?" he asked as she wrapped her arms around his neck and buried her nose against his skin. He almost growled with the need that surged through him with her sleepy touch. She didn't know what she was doing, he reminded himself. She was more than half asleep. He needed to be a gentleman here.

But when her nose nuzzled his ear, his arms tightened around her. "I wasn't expecting you at all. You're too strong," she sighed into his neck.

Malik stood there with her in his arms, looking down at her. "Is being too strong a bad thing?" he asked, not sure where her mind was going with this.

"Yes."

"Why?"

She smiled slightly, but her eyes were still closed. "Because I didn't realize that I liked strong men until I met you."

"You preferred weak men?"

She laughed slightly, still sleepy. "Definitely not. But I like you."

Malik groaned again when he felt her fingers touched his hair. Her fingers weren't still either, tangling in his hair and touching the sensitive skin on his neck. The feeling shot right through him and he had to grit his teeth or he would ravish the woman right here.

"Would you mind kissing me again?" she asked on a sigh.

Malik looked down at her and saw that her eyes were now open.

"I don't think that would be a very good idea."

She grimaced. "Probably not. I was just hoping that the way I felt when you kissed me yesterday was just my imagination."

With those words, Malik couldn't stop himself. He let her legs slide down his body but kept her warmth flush against his. He enjoyed the softness of her breasts against his chest, her lithe legs which she pressed against his more muscular ones. And the allure of those full, soft lips was more than he could resist. Bending low, he took her lips in a soft, tentative kiss, not sure how much control he still had over his raging lust now that she was so willing.

His fingers dove into her hair, his hands holding her head still while he kissed her gently, nibbled at her lips, testing her to see if she really wanted this. While downstairs dancing with all the other females that had shown up for the event, his mind had continued to focus on the one woman who didn't want him. Correction, he thought as her body shivered in his arms. She didn't want to want him. But her kiss and her body's reaction was more truthful than her words. So he listened to that instead.

Malik pulled her harder against his body, his hands sliding up her waist, then down lower, pressing her hips against his. When she wiggled against him, trying to get closer, he lifted her back up into his arms.

Shanelle thought that the kiss earlier in the night had been a fluke, but as he touched her now, and as she touched him wherever she could reach, she knew that it hadn't been. This was real and she couldn't pull away from him. Nor did she want to! In fact, she wanted to get as close to him as possible, moving her hips against his, feeling the ache build up inside of her and not sure how to appease that almost painful need. Everywhere he touched, that need increased until she was crying out for something, not sure exactly what.

She grabbed his hand when he started to pull away, pressing his palm against her breast. "Please do that again," she begged, not sure where this was coming from, only knowing that she needed his hand right there so badly she thought she might cry if he pulled it away.

"Like this?" Malik asked and his thumb rubbed her already hard, overly sensitive nipple over the thin fabric.

Shanelle's head fell backwards as his fingers touched her breast, his palm molding it and pressing it. One of his long fingers slipped inside of her night dress and flicked against her nipple again and her knees almost gave out. The only thing giving them strength was the fact that she couldn't let his touch move away from her body.

"Again," she whispered, her forehead dropping to his shoulder. When he flicked her hard nipple again, she cried out and placed her hand over his. "No more," she begged, but still her body turned, shifting so his fingers had better access.

She wasn't aware of Malik's fingers on her shoulders, pushing the fabric down her arms. But when the material fell away, she felt the sensations ripping through her and almost screamed with the ache that possessed her.

And all of that was before he lifted her into his arms, high enough so that his mouth could cover her nipple. She wasn't even aware of her legs wrapping around his waist or the mattress against her back as he laid her down on the bed. All she knew was this man's tongue could not leave that place against her nipple or she would die.

She arched into his mouth, silently begging him to continue.

"More, please!" she begged. And he gave in to her command by moving to the other breast, his hands pushing the material down to her waist.

Her fingers were working themselves. When her hands encountered fabric, she considered it very rude and pushed his dinner jacket off of his shoulders. But still unsatisfied, she almost ripped the buttons off of the expensive material of his shirt, desperate to find out what lay underneath. When her hands encountered his skin, she sighed with happiness. But then his own hands obliterated that satisfaction by moving down her body, sending shock waves as his mouth moved to her other breast, nipping and biting, sucking hard until she screamed out with the pleasure that shot right down to her core, causing the ache to intensify to an almost painful level.

"Make it stop," she pleaded with him even as her own hands moved down his body, her fingers flexing against the rippling muscles on his flat stomach.

Malik shook his head slightly, but it didn't help clear the haze of lust that was pulsating through his body. Looking down into her eyes, he knew that he couldn't stop. Not with her writhing like this, her eyes begging him to take her, make love to her.

He stood up and ripped off his pants and boxers. And it turned him on even more when she lifted her head to watch him, her eyes wide with fascination as he revealed himself to her.

Her mouth dropped open with awe and his body hardened even more. Malik was in pain, desperately needing to plow himself into her but he held back, wanting to make this first time last. His hands efficiently dispensed with her night gown, smiling when he saw the lace underwear underneath. It occurred to him that she hadn't been wearing anything to support her breasts during dinner and he was glad he hadn't known that earlier. She'd been hard enough to resist.

And now, he wasn't going to any longer. With a desire he'd never before experienced, Malik bent down and kissed his way from her breasts, giving each generous attention, and down to her stomach, laughing when she tried to slip away but his hands grabbed her hips, not letting her try and hide from him.

"Open up for me, Shanelle," he coaxed, raining kisses along her stomach, hips and thighs.

"I don't..."

"Trust me," he said softly, moving up her body and kissing her once again. She kissed him back with everything she was feeling inside of her, showing him how much she needed him. Even while his body moved between her legs, pushing her knees apart so he could nestle between her thighs, exactly where he wanted to be. "Trust me," he whispered as he moved from her mouth to her neck, then back down again. When he was right where he wanted to be, Shanelle sat up, trying to push his shoulders but he shook his head. "Lay down and enjoy this, Shanelle. I'm not going to stop."

"No," she countered, trying to scoot back on the mattress. "This isn't right," she said.

He laughed and gently bit her finger, then sucked on the end. "Oh, it's more than right," he argued and pressed her shoulders back and moved back to his goal.

With his hands holding her down, Shanelle couldn't move forward or backwards but when his mouth covered her core, she couldn't do anything. She could barely even breathe. His mouth was so hot, so delicious and she screamed out when his fingers moved inside of her, pressing, exploring, moving in and out of her all the while, his tongue flicking against the center of her. She wanted to scream out, but she couldn't get enough breath in her lungs. She wanted to pull away, but found her hands in his hair, holding him in place.

And when her body splintered apart in the most amazing, shocking and mind-blowing climax, she could only lie on the bed and revel in his amazing touch while her body shuddered over and over again.

She had no idea how long she lay like that, but she slowly came to the realization that Malik was hovering over her, a light in his eyes and a satisfied smile on those talented lips. "What?" she asked, feeling painfully shy all of a sudden.

"You're beautiful," he said. Then she felt his hands on her knees, lifting them up so they were resting against his hips. "But there's more."

She started to push him away, positive that she couldn't take anything else from him at this point. But then his mouth found her neck and the nibbling there made her body tremble once again. "I can't," she gasped and tried to slip away from him. Those new and scary feelings were building again and she wanted to run and hide, embarrassed that she'd so completely let herself go only moments before.

"You can," he countered as his hardness probed lower. "And you will."

Shanelle gasped at the feeling and instantly, it was almost as if she hadn't just experienced the most mind blowing feeling of her life. She needed him again, just as intensely. Possibly more!

"This isn't possible," she said and her hands changed from pushing him away to pulling him where she needed him to be, where that ache was building up to intolerable levels so quickly that it made her bite her lip to try and pretend that it wasn't happening.

"It's very possible," he said and moved deeper inside of her, closing his eyes as her tight heat wrapped around him like a tight, hot glove. "Maybe a bit uncomfortable initially," he said as he came up against her barrier, "but definitely possible."

Shanelle closed her eyes and bit her lower lip. This wasn't as nice, she thought. "Malik, I don't want...this isn't..." she wasn't sure what to say. The ache was still there, but he was too big. "You don't fit..." she said but then he pushed all the way inside of her and she arched her back and screamed out with the pain of his invasion.

Malik held very still, holding himself above her while she adjusted to his size. Every muscle inside of him wanted to move, to feel the friction of her body but he waited. He wasn't sure what she would do, but he knew that he'd just hurt her and that hurt him.

His hands moved up to her hair, soothing her with soft words and tender caresses while her body shifted underneath his. "Don't move," he commanded with a voice even he didn't recognize.

"I can't help it. I don't underst..." she stopped and gasped when he moved slightly and she grabbed his shoulders tightly. "Don't do that," she demanded.

But he did and she arched against him once more. "Again," she pleaded, moving her hips slightly and shivering with the feeling that movement generated within her. "Don't stop," she ordered when he slowed down.

Malik thought he might have laughed at her demand, but he wasn't sure. All he knew was that her body was gripping him with a heat that he couldn't endure for too long. He lifted her up, moving in and out of her with whatever control he could find within him. And when that didn't help her, he shifted his hand and pressed it against her nub, bringing her faster to a climax.

She started to grab his hand, but when he obviously hit the right spot, she pressed his hand there and he knew he was doing it right. He couldn't believe it when she once again shattered in his arms but he didn't have time to revel in her release because his own just about made him pass out with the intensity of his orgasm.

Chapter 4

Shanelle opened her eyes, looked around and then sat up with a gasp of horror. Clutching the satin sheet to her chest, she looked around, her eyes taking in the enormous room, the decadent luxury and the fact that this was not her own room in her own home. As the sun slowly woke her up, her mind remembered the previous night. The previous long, sensuous night. Over and over, Malik had made love to her. It was almost as if they couldn't get enough of each other and every time she touched him or he touched her, their bodies just went up in flames until she collapsed in his arms once again.

Shifting around, she was relieved to see that she was alone. At least she didn't have an awkward first moment to deal with.

She threw the covers off of her legs and dashed into the bathroom to shower. She scrubbed her body clean, trying desperately hard to ignore the tingling as the warm water touched her skin. It reminded her too much of Malik's touch over the long, erotic hours of the night. Everything he demanded, she more than willingly complied with his commands. The heady sensation of his fingers and his mouth had been too much for her body to ignore.

As she stepped out of the shower, her next dilemma was to figure out what to wear. She hadn't anticipated staying here at the palace more than one night so she didn't have any additional clothes with her. She peered into the closet, just to see if there was anything there she might borrow. What she found made her gasp with both surprise and delight. The closet was filled with clothes in her size and with the tags still on every single outfit. She didn't like the idea that someone had gone out and purchased clothes for her yesterday, and wasn't really sure that was possible. But she picked up a powder blue dress and found the matching shoes, slipping both on along with the delicate, lacy underthings that were in one of the drawers. Feeling better about things now that she was at least dressed, she took a deep breath and opened the door to the suite.

"Goodness, what a coincidence," her mother said as she was also stepping out of another room. "We're just heading to the dining room. We can all go together." With that, her mother tucked Shanelle's arm onto her own and they walked down the long hallway.

"Where's father?" Shanelle asked.

"He had to get back to work. Some sort of emergency came up," her mother replied. "So what on earth did you do to gain Sheik Rahal's notice?" she asked.

Shanelle really had no idea what had happened that first night and sighed with resignation. "I was just walking down the hallway," she explained.

Thankfully, they came to the dining room at that moment. It was lovely with elaborate place settings and a delicious smelling buffet set out with steaming dishes and gorgeous fruit. But the only thing that caught her attention was the man standing by the window.

Her breath caught in her throat and her body seemed to suddenly come alive as Malik approached them, his dark eyes never leaving hers, entrapping her with their intensity.

He greeted Shanelle's mother first and it gave Shanelle a moment to brace herself. Unfortunately, nothing could have prepared her for the shock of his touch, the heat that shot through her body and pooled deep in her belly.

"Did you sleep well?"

Her breath shuddered as she tried to regain control, but with him touching her, it wasn't going to happen. She even tried to pull her hand out of his larger one, but he wasn't allowing her that reprieve.

"Not very well," she finally answered. "There were a great many disturbances throughout the night." She looked up at him, daring him to reply.

He laughed softly and led her over to the buffet, handing her a plate. "I anticipate that your nights are going to be disturbed in the same manner again very soon," he said with a knowing look.

Shanelle should have known not to challenge the man. He was more experienced at this game. She took the plate and looked downwards, putting fruit and toast in the center before moving to the table. She took a seat next to her mother who was already seated and talking with the others that had been invited.

There were five other women, all of them beautiful and every one of them preening in an attempt to gain Malik's attention. Shanelle looked down at her food and focused only on eating. She allowed the conversation to flow around her, not bothering to participate in any way. She heard Malik make several pointed comments in her direction, but she refused to rise to the intentional jibes this time.

When she was finished, she stood up and curtsied in his direction. "If you'll excuse me, Your Highness, I know you have important business here," she said and left the room without waiting for any response from him, not even giving him time to reply. She was too embarrassed over everything they'd done the previous night to even look him in the eye.

The next week was a blur to Shanelle. She couldn't seem to get away from Malik, although she gave it her best effort. When she snuck into the vast library, intending to lose herself in the books, Malik found her and they had a rousing argument about the classics, including who they thought should be in Dante's Inferno. She was laughing at some of his ideas (which included anyone driving slowly in the fast lane of the highway). She thought it was amusing that the supreme commander of the country would want others to violate traffic limits.

When she tried to sneak into the kitchens, wanting to escape mentally by baking cookies, he turned up and sat across the wooden work table from her, sneaking tastes of whatever she was stirring up. No matter how many times she smacked his hand away, he still managed to grab one more taste.

Then there was the time she wanted to hide out in the gardens despite the afternoon heat. That was the most disastrous attempt because he pulled her into the shade and kissed her. She'd tried very hard to resist him. And for perhaps two seconds, her hands pressed against his chest and she refused to kiss him back. His response was to simply sneak his hands underneath her silk blouse and all thought of resisting him went away like the breeze.

Every day, they dined as a group. The other women vying for his attention and Shanelle sneaking out of the dining room before everyone else. Every day, she tried to find a different hiding place, some place she wouldn't be discovered and Malik wouldn't pull her into his arms and kiss her until she was crazy with need. But no matter where she ended up, he was also there. He was charming and interesting, driving her crazy when he challenged her ideas on various subjects. He even helped her study for her law exams, which she thought was the ultimate kindness. Until she walked away from him with a silly smile on her face. When she realized that she'd just spent the better part of four hours studying for a test with the very same man who was going to eliminate the possibility of her taking the test, she became angry.

And more confusingly, that anger turned to sadness when she wondered if he wasn't going to take away her chance to become a lawyer. Why would he help her study, except if he were thinking of marrying one of the other women that were visiting the palace?

That thought caused her such a huge amount of jealousy she actually had to stop and place her hand against the palace wall, trying to catch her breath.

This was crazy, she told herself. She couldn't keep going on like this. She was angry with him one moment, excited about seeing him another, laughing with him, arguing with him, pushing him to do something she believed in and agreeing with him on something she'd previously been completely opposed to. What was going on with her? Why was she being so pathetically wishy washy?

She sat down on one of the benches, looking down at the floor. Her eyes didn't see the intricate mosaic design, nor did she hear the heavy feet that were coming towards her. She stared at nothing at all, feeling only the panic and confusion over what was happening to her. And all because of a man she'd met only several days ago.

She had to get out of here. Her mother and father had left two days ago, she should just follow them. She could pack up her dress, leave all the new clothes behind because they weren't hers anyway, and just head on home.

With that in mind, she walked quickly in the opposite direction. When she reached the suite of rooms she'd been sleeping in, she tore into the closet, unaware of the tears streaming down her cheeks. She grabbed the silver dress she'd worn here so many nights ago, her mind cringing at how exciting and confusing that night had been. Malik hadn't come to her room except for that one night, but every day he kissed her until she was melting against him. She didn't want to beg, but she was quickly reaching the point where she would beg him to make love to her again. And she couldn't do that. She had to get away, she had to leave the palace.

She looked around, not finding any sort of bag to take her dress home in. Should she just leave it here? She looked down at the shimmering material and couldn't do it. She had to take it with her. She wanted this dress close to her. She might not want to be married to the man, but that night had been incredibly wonderful and she would keep this dress, perhaps hang it up in the back of her closet and take it out on those lonely nights when she needed to remember the night she met possibly the most exciting man of her life.

She pulled open the door to her suite and ran into a brick wall. Well, not specifically a brick wall, but a solid force with arms that wrapped around her, hands that steadied her so she didn't fall down.

As soon as those strong arms wrapped around her, she knew that Malik had come to find her once again. "What are you doing here?" she asked, leaning her head against his chest in both defeat and the need to feel his warmth, smell his delicious scent just one more time.

"I was told that you were crying," he said, lifting her up and carrying her into her room. He sat down with her on his lap over by one of the windows. "Tell me what's bothering you," he said, his hands moving along her back.

She knew that he was trying to be soothing, but the feel of his hand was obliterating her resolve. All she wanted to do was press her body against his hard one, feel that intense passion spring to life as it always did whenever he touched her. She buried her face in his neck, breathing in his spicy scent. "I have to go," she explained softly.

Malik stiffened, not sure he'd heard her correctly. "Why do you need to go?" he asked gently. Her bottom was pressing against his groin and his body wasn't immune to her incredible softness. The bed was too close. He was trying to respect her need for space, for romance. But he wanted her painfully. The other women were just a nuisance to him and he wanted them gone so he could focus all of his attention on her. But if those women made her feel more secure, then he would endure their presence. He would do anything to help her feel comfortable with the future they would share together.

"I just have to get out of here," she whispered, but her tears were drying up as she realized where she was.

Malik stopped moving his hand, his eyes looking down into her own. "Shanelle?" he asked softly, without any pressure.

She looked up at him, all the longing shining through in her eyes. "Just one more time," she whispered and her hand reached up, touching the back of his neck while her fingers slid into his hair. She didn't have to ask him twice. As soon as he realized she was willing to kiss him, he took over the activity, bringing her body closer, shifting her in his lap so that she was facing him. And then it was all over for both of them. He lifted her into his arms, carrying her to the bed while the silver, satin dress slid to the floor, long forgotten.

A long time later, Shanelle lifted her head up, startled by the heat under her cheek. When she realized that her head was laying against Malik's chest, she gasped and drew back, horrified that she was in bed with him. And they'd just made love like there was no tomorrow!

Thankfully, he was asleep and she could feast her eyes on him without questions or worry.

When she realized what she was doing, she jumped out of bed, pulling on her clothes as quickly as she could. It wasn't easy, since they were scattered around the room, obviously thrown about in the heat of passion. Malik was still asleep in her bed but she stopped to kiss him gently before hurrying out of the suite.

She practically skidded to a halt when she exited and came face to face with his body guards, all of whom were standing at attention outside her door.

Of course they were there, she chided herself for being startled. They followed Malik all over, even inside the palace. She didn't understand what was going on, but she was still determined to get out of here. With a small, embarrassed smile, she hurried down the hallway. She wasn't sure how to get out of the palace, not even sure if the guards would allow her to leave. But when she glanced to her right, she saw several of the servants walking quickly down one of the hallways.

With a flash of irony, she followed them. Since the servants' hallways had gotten her into this mess, surly they could get her out of it!

She walked down the hallway, acting as if she belonged and there was nothing odd about a guest of the palace walking down the servants' hallways towards the kitchens. She knew her way around the palace somewhat after being here for almost a week, but she didn't think she'd ever learn the whole map of the building. It was too vast, to winding and with centuries of leaders adding onto the structure, both inside and out, there were hallways and tunnels that had probably been forgotten about.

She was almost to the kitchens, intending to slip out with the afternoon shift change when a strong arm circled her waist. She was hauled up against the wall, her back pressing against the marble while her breasts were plastered against Malik's equally hard chest.

"What the hell do you think you're doing?" he demanded.

Shanelle was too emotional by this point. She'd gone through too many confusing thoughts over the past several hours, all of which were centered on this man. "Just let me go," she cried out, her small fists punching his chest, trying to get some space from him. She needed to run, to hide and just find herself once again. "I can't do this! I don't even like you!" she sobbed.

Malik took her hands in his, holding them firmly over her head while his body continued to press against her, holding her hostage. "You're not going anywhere, Shanelle. You're just too afraid to admit that you're in love with me. But running away won't solve your problem." He was furious with her for not realizing the truth, furious with himself as well for not realizing that she was so scared. He'd tiptoed around their feelings, their future and he'd almost lost her. If his guards hadn't stepped into her suite right after she'd left, just five more minutes, and she might have left the palace. All because she was too stubborn and confused to deal with their feelings for each other. "I love you, damn it! So get a grip and stop fighting this!"

She froze, her eyes wide with his words. "You love me?" she asked in a small voice.

"Of course I love you. I've loved you since that first night when you yelled at me for being in the wrong place!"

She laughed, but it sounded more like a hiccup. "Then why do you have all those other women here?" she demanded, her tone rising once again.

Malik rolled his eyes. "Because you told me to invite others here! Are you telling me that this is all because you're jealous?"

"Absolutely not!" she gasped.

"I was under the impression that you were still too nervous about venturing into a relationship with me. What's this all about, Shanelle?" he demanded. "Explain this to me so I can understand."

She sniffed and looked up at the ceiling. "I don't want to marry you!"

"You love me!" he came right back.

She shrugged. "Maybe, but that's not really the point, is it?"

He sighed, letting her hands drop down to her waist but he didn't release her. "Shanelle, if love between a husband and wife isn't the issue, please tell me what is." He leaned down, placing his forehead against hers. "What's the problem here?"

She pushed away from him, irritated that he was fixing everything she was worried about. "I don't love you and you don't love me. It takes months of knowing someone before we can really love each other. But you don't have time for that! You're in some silly, crazy rush to get married and I'm just some convenient woman who just happens to be sexually compatible with you."

He growled and pulled her against him, showing her physically what she did to his body. "We're more than just sexually compatible, Shanelle. And don't you dare tell me what I feel for you. Nor will I allow you to deny your feelings for me. It might take some people months, but we both knew how we felt almost instantly."

Shanelle thought about denying it one more time, but what was the point? She did love him. She didn't understand that love, but it was there every time they spoke to one another. And when they kissed...yes, it was there in his kisses, in the way he touched her.

"Okay then, I can't do it. I don't want to give up my whole life, my career."

"Why would you need to give up anything? I thought you wanted to be a lawyer."

She looked up at him, furious for being so obtuse. "I do want to be a lawyer. I want to help people and make their lives better by fighting for them. I want the bad guys to go to jail and the good guys to win. How am I supposed to do that when I'm your wife?"

Malik rolled his eyes, suddenly understanding more about her. And now that he understood the big issue, he was just that much more in love with her. "Shanelle, do you hear what you're saying? You want to help the people who are helpless. What better way to do that than to help me rule Kanaan? There are so many people out there who need our help. The big guys and the little guys. And the little women and children. You can help shape the laws, ensure that they are enforced. As my wife, you and I are in the best position to bring about change in so many areas."

Shanelle listened to his words and wondered if it were true. "Will you truly listen to me when I disagree?" she asked, doubt filling her voice.

He chuckled and pulled her back into his arms. "Isn't that what you've already started doing this week? We've had some pretty intense arguments."

"Yes, but they've all been good spirited."

"Are you saying that we'll genuinely fight about issues in the future?" he asked with amusement.

"Yes," she replied. "I can guarantee that I won't agree with everything you say."

He laughed and rolled his eyes. "I know that. I've already experienced your disagreement. And it wasn't too bad."

She laughed as well. "Oh, you think you're getting off that easily?" she asked.

He lifted her up into his arms and kissed her. "Does this mean you're going to stop pushing me away and we can announce our engagement?" he asked, but he didn't give her a chance to answer him. Instead, his mouth covered hers and he kissed her until she was clinging to him, her body on fire for whatever he had in mind.

"Would I be able to stop you?' she asked saucily.

He chuckled. "Probably not. But I guess I'll have to take you to bed until the wedding, just to make sure you don't try and sneak out."

She lifted her arms and wrapped them around his neck, smiling with secret invitation. "I think that would be a very good idea. I can be very sneaky."

"Hmm..." he said. A moment later, he lifted her up, tossing her over his shoulder as he carried her back down the hallway.

Shanelle knew she should be horrified that he was treating her so abominably, but since he was heading right back to her suite, she didn't really care. She was in love and she was thrilled with the future. For the first time in a long time, she was genuinely excited about what was to come.

