Chapter 1

She heard their vile comments.

Elissa didn't want to hear them. She tried to block them out as she poured herself a cup of coffee as quickly as possible, almost burning herself as the hot, black liquid sloshed over the edge of her cup in her haste. She wanted to leave the office kitchen quickly in order to avoid their foul words but despite her best efforts, she couldn't ignore them. In fact, she suspected that they were talking louder just to get a reaction from her.

The two men stood in front of the stainless steel coffee maker, leaning casually against the counter as they discussed their previous night's sexual conquests. The room was large with steel cabinets and accenting black granite counters, smelling like gourmet coffee. The kitchen was reserved for the top brokers in Tillman and Hirshman, a stock brokerage firm in the heart of the financial district of New York City.

One of them snickered as she poured cream into her coffee, obviously thrilled with his escapades. "Yeah, she was incredibly hot. Did you see her last night?" Mark Callburn asked Jeff Walters, the man standing next to him in the kitchen.

Jeff nodded his head enthusiastically. "Oh, yeah. She was definitely built," he said. Out of the corner of her eye, Elissa saw him make movements around his chest area. She understood that the woman in discussion was well-endowed but she turned her head away, not wanting to encourage the men.

Five minutes ago, Elissa had barely been able to register the world around her due to extreme fatigue but with their awful remarks, her blue eyes lit up with anger. She needed sugar for her coffee, but she considered dumping the black liquid into the sink or doing without sweetener, desperate to get away from the room so she didn't have to hear more of the disgusting conversation. Elissa knew Mark's wife was a very petite woman in all aspects so it was obvious that he was not discussing his wife.

It was only seven o'clock in the morning and Elissa had worked late the previous night in order to close a big deal. It had been after two o'clock in the morning before she'd fallen into bed and after six nights with only four hours of sleep or less, the caffeine was a necessity and not just a desire. Reaching behind the two men, she quickly poured some sugar into her cup and rushed out of the room, ignoring the spilled sugar crystals as well as their lewd comments about the women they had been with the previous night while their wives were home with their young children.

Back in her office, Elissa turned on her computer and pushed the two men's unfaithfulness out of her mind. She had several meetings today and she still needed to prepare for them.

She took off her black, summer wool jacket revealing a white silk blouse underneath that contrasted perfectly with her black slacks. It was early spring in New York but for some reason the heat had come sooner than normal and the humidity was never far behind. She had walked to work this morning, hoping the morning air would wake her up a bit. But it had only created a mass of brown curls around her head that fell softly to her shoulders.

Twisting the pearl necklace around her fingers, Elissa pulled the information on her computer she needed for the meeting up on her computer and started editing the report she had to present in an hour to her client. She slowly sipped the overly sweet coffee, letting the caffeine ease into her tired body and wake up the remaining cells.

She was almost finished when a tall, perfectly manicured and suave looking man walked into her office, not bothering to knock. He sauntered towards her desk, then elegantly sat down in one of the visitor's chairs in front of her desk.

Elissa ignored the spurt of irritation the man's presence generated and continued to work on finalizing her presentation. "Hello, Derrel. What can I do for you today?" she asked emotionlessly, not bothering to look up from her computer screen.

Darrel Isenberg III picked up a brass paperweight from her desk and tossed it in his hands in a practiced manner, sneering slightly when all of Elissa's attention was not immediately focused upon him as he was used to. He regrouped quickly, hiding his irritation in the hopes of making her laugh with his next comment. "Ah, Elissa, if you would only follow through on my answer, I would be a happy man," he said, his smile showing off his perfectly capped, falsely white teeth.

Only by sheer force of will was she able to resist rolling her eyes at him. "Keep it to the professional and I'll see what I can do," she said, typing in some additional numbers.

"You could go out with me again," he said, his voice confident, as if women rarely, if ever turned him down for a date.

Elissa typed in a few more numbers before replying. "No thank you. Burned twice, not interested," she answered, referring to the recently-ended relationship they'd had. Elissa knew her heart had never been into the relationship because she'd only felt a mild disappointment at the breakup earlier in the week. What genuinely bothered her was the fact that Derrel had called her frigid because of her resistance to making their relationship physical. He had used their lack of physical intimacy as justification for seeing other women behind her back.

If she had bothered to look up, she would have seen his stunned expression. "But I've told you, the other women weren't important. You mean a lot to me," he said, his voice becoming borderline whining.

She couldn't help herself this time. Elissa's blue eyes rolled, the statement was just too ridiculous. He had mentioned that phrase several times over the past week, trying to convince her to re-establish their relationship. "Derrel, I really need to finish this up. If you'll excuse me," she didn't finish the sentence as she walked out of her office to retrieve a file from the file room, assuming he would get the hint that the conversation was now over.

She assumed incorrectly.

He followed her to the small room filled with cabinets from wall to wall. Elissa's first sense of alarm came when she heard the file room door click shut. "What are you doing?" she demanded angrily, holding the retrieved, bulky file in front of her defensively.

Darrel's smile was as charming as a snake and just as dangerous. "Just relax. I want to talk to you," he said, moving towards her.

Elissa looked around for an escape route but the files were packed high with only a small aisle between each row. Darrel was blocking her only exit, feeling powerful now that he had her full attention.

She refused to be nervous around such a snake. "Darrel, get out of my way," she said forcefully, moving towards the doorway, pushing his chest with the file folder.

Darrel worked out religiously every day in an effort to maintain his muscular arms and chest so he wasn't a movable object if he didn't want to be moved, especially by a five-foot, six-inch, exhausted woman with panic in her mind. Those muscular arms now wrapped around her, holding her still. "Elissa, we never really became intimate. Let me show you how good it can be between the two of us. Then if you want me to leave, I won't say another word."

She tried to wriggle out of his arms but he was too strong and the filing cabinets didn't give her much room to maneuver. "Darrel, stop it! Don't touch me," She said firmly, hoping he couldn't hear the rising panic in her voice.

He didn't heed her request and his mouth descended towards hers. His mouth was hard as he tried to coax a response from her. She fought him initially, but his strength was no match for hers so eventually she just stood still and waited.

Finally he realized she was not participating in the kiss and pulled back, confused. "What's wrong Elissa? You know you want me. We'd be so good together."

He had pulled back slightly to see her face but that was all the space she needed. She twisted in his arms and was able to pull free and rush out of the room. "Stay away from me, Darrel," she called back, furious with him for trapping her in the file room but also equally furious with herself for not seeing what a slimy, irritating man he was months ago.

Elissa rushed out of the file room and back to the relative safety of her office. She felt dirty now. She wanted to rush home and shower again, needing to get the feel of his hands off her arms and back.

Thankfully, as soon as she returned to her office, there were messages and e-mails waiting for her so she was able to put Darrel's tactics to the back of her mind. The day turned out to be just as hectic as all the others. She was in and out of meetings, working on the final details of a major sale throughout the day. She skipped lunch and ate a sandwich at her desk in the middle of the afternoon.

By the time she had a chance to think again, it was dark outside her office window. But the deal was done, she thought with a vague sense of disappointment. Elissa said goodbye to her client and hung up the phone, taking a deep breath. Then another. After the third deep breath, Elissa gave in and burst into the tears that had been held at bay all day long. The sobs wracked her too-thin frame, leaving her feeling worse than she did before she started crying.

After ten minutes, Elissa pulled herself together and repaired her makeup. Pulling a mirror out of her desk, she looked at her reflection as she tried to get her mind back together. Her brown, curly hair fell softly to her shoulders, framing her face and curling inward at the ends. She pushed the hair behind her ears distractedly, wishing she could have normal, straight hair that looked smooth and sophisticated instead of this mass of brown hair that had a mind of its own.

Her eyes were still the blue she remembered, but she didn't know where the dark circles underneath had come from. She needed to get a little sun, she thought as she dabbed powder across her nose to hide the redness, the only color left in her face besides her blue eyes.

At that moment, Jim Tillman the managing director of Tillman and Hirshman Investments walked in preceded by a whiff of expensive cologne. Just as Darrel had done earlier in the day, Jim didn't bother to knock. "Good job today. What kind of numbers did you close with?" he asked, walking around her office, picking up pictures and looking at them, then setting them back down on her shelf.

Elissa blinked and refocused on the computer screen, wishing she didn't feel so completely tired. She wanted to shout at the man to get out of her office and leave her alone, but instead, she punched in a few numbers on her computer, calculating the gross profits for the day. "The Hartman account pulled in over a million dollars with my last phone call," she said.

Where was the exhilaration she used to feel after a day like today? Where was the sense of accomplishment? She'd made a lot of money for several clients today but all she felt was a vague sense of restlessness and overwhelming fatigue.

Jim didn't sense her feelings, preferring to concentrate on the monetary side of life. "That was only a few minutes ago, wasn't it? You did some other good deals earlier today," he said and nodded with approval.

"It was a good day," Elissa confirmed, but she wasn't interested in the numbers. The firm realized a ten percent return on all profits for each account and she earned a percentage of that. But she didn't care anymore.

Elissa waited with a passive face for Jim to get to the point of his visit. She didn't have to wait long.

He stopped fiddling with the knick-knacks placed around her office and turned to look at her, a practiced smile on his tanned face. "I was wondering if you would consider a merger," he said, his bland, gray eyes alighting at the idea.

Elissa didn't like the sound of that, grimacing inwardly. She suspected that this was going to become an awkward conversation. Jim was a handsome man who had just divorced his third wife. He was tall with dark hair elegantly styled to show off his silver temples and wore perfectly tailored suits. she knew he earned a very good salary. with material wealth anymore. "Can you give me more details?" she asked cautiously just in case she was misreading the signs and this was an actual business proposition and not a personal one.

Since he was managing director of the firm,

But so did she. And Elissa wasn't impressed

Jim turned around and came over to her side of the desk. He sat down on the side, swinging one leg as he faced her. Elissa imagined that he practiced the pose in the mirror at home. "You're a very beautiful woman, Elissa."

Elissa was instantly on alert. This was not a good conversation. Jim had a reputation as a womanizer and he didn't take rejection very well. "Thank you, Jim," she said cautiously but making sure her face was completely blank. She didn't want to encourage him in any way but she also didn't want to show him her revulsion over his apparent lack of morals.

"You could return the compliment," he half-joked.

Elissa flushed, not sure how to get out of this conversation. "Jim, you know you're a very handsome man. But I'm in a relationship."

"I heard that was over," he said, raising one brow as a challenge to dispute his information.

Elissa was instantly furious. How could everyone know about her breakup with Derrel only days after it had happened? She supposed Derrel had complained to too many people. He wasn't a very private person, unlike herself. "That's correct. But I'm not ready to jump into the next relationship just yet."

Jim smiled his best smile. "Well, how about just a one night stand, sort of a celebration on having such a good day? I think we could be very good together." He leaned towards her, his eyes taking on an intense look.

Elissa shook her head, carefully saying, "Jim, I'm flattered, but I don't think tonight is a very good idea." She stood up and walked across her office, wanting to put some distance between the two of them, not wanting to repeat the incident earlier in the day with Darrel.

He followed her but, thankfully, didn't trap her into a corner. "Why not? You're here, I'm here. We don't have anyone waiting for us. It has been a long day," he said, and his hand slid down her arm in a caress that sent shivers of revulsion down Elissa's spine. "Why don't we take care of each other?"

Elissa didn't know how to get out of the situation and thankfully, her phone rang just at that moment. "Excuse me," she said and held up a finger indicating that he should wait just a moment.

"Elissa Stone," She said to the receiver.

"Lissy?" a familiar voice at the other end of the line said. As soon as Elissa heard the nickname, a new kind of panic entered her system.

"Ronny?" Elissa said and walked back around her desk, moving to avoid Jim who had moved to stand directly behind her. "Are you okay? How are the babies? What's wrong?"

The joyous laughter on the other end of the phone line instantly filled Elissa with relief. "Lissy, nothing's wrong except a huge amount of heartburn that's keeping me awake. I was afraid I would catch you still at the office. Do you have any idea what time it is?" her friend asked.

Veronica Williams had been Elissa's roommate in college and they had remained best friends ever since. Veronica was expecting twins after years of trying to conceive. Elissa glanced at her computer screen and sighed. "Yes. So what are you doing up at midnight? Shouldn't you be sleeping and taking care of those babies? What aren't you telling me?" Elissa demanded.

Jim shook his head and raised his hand to his ear with his thumb sticking up, a sign for her to call him when she was done with her phone call. Elissa breathed a sigh of relief when he walked out of her office and headed back to his own office at the other end of the building.

Veronica continued, unaware of the tension she'd banished with her phone call. "I promise Lissy, nothing is wrong. I just wanted to talk to you. You haven't been yourself lately and I wanted to see what is going on."

Elissa fell back into her chair and put her forehead into the palm of her hand. "Oh, Ronny. Things are just too complicated," She said, trying to hold back the tears that threatened to spill out over her tightly clenched eyes.

"Talk to me, Lissy," Veronica said through the phone, the worry coming through the night. "What's going on."

"It's a long story," Elissa said and sniffed back her tears.

"Then tell me why you are still working at three o'clock in the morning. How many nights have you worked until this time during the week?"

"I was working with a client," she explained, not bothering to count how many times that excuse was applicable over the past week or month.

Veronica sighed heavily. "Lissy, you need a break. I'm not going to put any more demands on you. It sounds like you have enough already. But I just got high speed internet service installed in the cabin Jake is lending me while you're here for the babies' delivery. The cabin is right next to our house and I've been getting it ready for you for the past several months. It is ready whenever you can make it."

Elissa squeezed her eyes shut and nodded. "Thanks," she whispered, deeply touched that her friend was trying to make a space cozy for her. They talked about the babies in-utero development and some of the sillier names Veronica and her husband Rick had tossed around. Veronica described the latest additions to the nursery and the antics of her kids at school who were all eager to get out for the summer break.

By the end of the conversation, Elissa was laughing and offering suggestions, feeling like her old self again. Veronica always seemed to know when to call, Elissa thought as she opened the door to her apartment that night. She didn't bother to turn on any lights. The small rooms were minimally filled with furniture and there was no food in the refrigerator. Elissa barely spent any time in her apartment, needing it only to sleep, shower and change clothes before heading off to work six or seven days a week. Getting ready for bed that night, she considered her life, or lack of it. Working eighteen to twenty hour days was really getting to be an awful drag, she thought as she pulled the sheet up over her and drifted off into a restless sleep.

The next day was just as chaotic. But it was compounded by several messages from Jim asking her to see him as soon as she could.

And then Darrel came to her office. "Hey gorgeous," he said and dropped into one of the visitors chairs facing her desk. "How about if we kiss and make up?"

Elissa didn't even bother to glance away from her computer. "No thank you," she said and typed in a few more numbers.

"Ah, come on Elissa. Don't be harsh. It was just a lover's quarrel. Let's get over this and move on," he said coaxingly.

There wasn't even irritation anymore. She was just too tired and too busy for that emotion now. "First of all, we aren't lovers," she said, writing something down on her notepad.

"That's just one of the things I wanted to discuss. I think sex is getting in the way. We should just do it so we don't fight over it anymore."

Elissa's hands stilled on her keys only momentarily, but she still didn't look at him. "We aren't fighting over it anymore, Darrel. We aren't fighting over anything anymore."

"Come on, Elissa. We look great together," he said.

Elissa was disgusted. She stopped typing and gave him her full attention. "Are you telling me that you want to get back together simply because we make an attractive couple? Are you really that superficial?" she asked, stunned that she hadn't seen this side of him before.

"Well, you have to admit that it makes the dinner parties easier," he laughed.

Elissa was done with the conversation. She turned back to her computer and continued her research. "Goodbye Darrel."

"Come on Elissa. Let's at least talk about this," he pleaded.

The phone rang and Elissa picked it up. It was Jim. "Elissa, get into my office immediately."

Elissa picked up her notebook and a pen and walked around her desk, ignoring Darrel who was still sitting in the chair. "That's it? No goodbye kiss or anything?" he exclaimed, grabbing her arm and stopping her.

Elissa stopped only because she was so shocked. "Let go of me. Jim is waiting," she said, flinging the director's name in his face.

Derrel instantly let go of her arm but called out to her retreating back, "Come to dinner with me tonight and we'll finish this discussion."

Elissa ignored him and continued down the mauve colored carpeting to Jim's office. It was a long walk and she had plenty of time to worry about his proposition from the night before.

Dianna, Jim's secretary smiled tightly at Elissa when she walked through the doors to Jim's inner sanctum.

"Thank you for seeing me, Jim." Elise walked into the director's office with a brisk, business-like attitude, acting as if the previous night had simply not happened. "I wanted to discuss that extended vacation we talked about several months ago. My friend's doctor is concerned so I was hoping to start that period sooner rather than later." She sat down in one of the dark leather chairs in front of Jim's desk and looked directly back at him, daring him to deny her request.

Jim watched her for a long moment, tapping his Mont Blanc pen on his nose as his mind worked through her statement. Finally, he leaned forward and said, "What's going on with your friend? I thought your vacation wasn't going to start for another two weeks."

"I was under that impression as well. But she's pregnant with twins so it is more difficult to pin down a due date. It was always a high risk pregnancy. I'm just hoping she is able to deliver two healthy babies and I'm going to do anything I can to help her accomplish that."

Jim nodded with a sophisticated twist. "That's very noble of you. And very loyal. I'll allow you to go under two conditions," he started, staring at her carefully.

"Understood. What are they?" she asked, holding her breath in anxiety over what he might ask of her.

"First, you have to check in with e-mail every day. I don't want your clients to worry about their projects although I know you're leaving most of them almost finished as of last night."

"That's fair," she said, angling her head to the side in a mock agreement which was the typical fashion in their world. It was a sort of acknowledgment without an outright agreement. "And the other condition?" she asked, but she already knew. He didn't disappoint her.

"I want you to consider my proposition from last night," he said, smiling as if he was some sort of Prince Charming. "Like I said, I think we could provide valuable services to each other," he continued.

Elise considered his words and tried to shake the feeling that there might be a type of quid pro quo involved. She hated the idea, wanting to be rewarded only for her professional services and not anything she did in the bedroom.

Subduing the need to shiver in revulsion, she pasted a small smile on her face, hoping he would think that was agreement. "Thank you Jim," she said, and stood up quickly, wanting to leave the man's office as if it were on fire. She was disgusted! Both with the men and the profession.

What was she doing? Was all this political idiocy and sexual wrangling worth the effort? She knew her bank account was healthy but surely no amount of money could be worth sacrificing one's sense of self worth and identity.

Rushing back to her office on feet that could not move quickly enough, she only took time to grab her purse and her laptop before leaving the building. Once she was out on the streets of New York, she breathed in the air, only to cough as a large delivery truck drove by, spewing combustion in every direction.

With her shoulders drooping, she pulled her cell phone out and called Veronica, letting her know that she would be on the next plane out of New York and would give her more details as soon as she had a plane reservation.

Hanging up, Elissa smiled at her friend's enthusiasm. At least some things in this world were genuine, she told herself.

Chapter 2

Jake Callahan heard his name come through on the walkie-talkie and responded quickly while keeping his eyes on the road in front of him, maneuvering the truck through the intersection. "Callahan here. What's up?"

"Jake, it's Rick. I need to get Ronny to the doctor's office. Can you pick up her friend at the airport?"

"Sure can. What's wrong with Ronny?" he asked, his concern coming through in is voice.

"Nothing really. The doctor just wants to see her since she's been having so many contractions lately."

Jake nodded even though Rick couldn't see it through the phone. "I'm almost to town now. What time is this woman's flight?" he asked.

Rick gave him the flight information and Jake memorized it. "Got it," he replied.

"One more thing, Jake," Rick called back. "What's that?"

"Be nice. This is Ronny's best friend and from what I understand she's pretty upset about something."

"Aren't I always nice?" Jake replied sarcastically.

Rick chuckled. "Like I said, be nice just once. Be polite too," he continued. "Remember your momma's lessons on being a gentleman."

Jake didn't respond to his friend's admonition. "Get Ronny to the doctor. Don't worry about her friend."

"Thanks, Jake. I'll see you back at the ranch."

"Don't rush. Hey wait..." he called back.

"What's up?" Rick came back on the radio.

"What's this woman's name again? I don't think you've ever told me," he said.

"Elissa. Elissa Stone."

"Got it."

Jake turned the truck to the right instead of the left, heading towards Amarillo and the airport instead of Main Street in Dumas to pick up supplies.

Once at the airport, Jake parked the SUV and went into the terminal. Amarillo International was a small airport, not able to handle the jumbo jets but several planes from four different airlines came and went during the week. Jake arrived just in time. The passengers of the smaller jet were disembarking. There was already a small group of townspeople there to pick up their relatives. Jake smiled a greeting to several he knew from town and the neighboring ranches.

There was one woman who got off and looked around, but Jake was sure this wasn't the woman Veronica was waiting for. She was too perfectly made up to be Ronnie's friend. Her eyes were beautiful, he could tell they were a crystal blue even from this distance. She had perfectly coiffed hair that curled softly around her shoulders, framing her face and showing off high cheekbones a model would love. She was short, maybe only five feet four inches tall, but her heels got her up to about five feet seven inches. Still petite in his book.

Overall, the woman was stunning, but definitely too skinny for his taste. He liked a woman he could hold and not get poked by her bones. Nice breasts, though, he thought to himself. He couldn't help but notice them, he justified. She was wearing blue and white striped slacks with a tight, white, sleeveless sweater which showed off her figure perfectly. Besides, the rest of her was so thin, her breasts seemed to be larger.

Jake turned his mind away from the tiny woman's breasts and scanned the rest of the airport terminal looking for a woman that Veronica might befriend. Most of her friends were down home women. They were strong and vibrant, just like Ronny.

His eyes kept coming back to the tiny woman standing amid the small crowd of people in the airport. She seemed sad. He wasn't sure why he thought that except that there was something in her eyes. Her eyes really were quite spectacular, he thought. If only the dark circles weren't there to detract from their crystal blue color, she might not seem so sad. That had to be it, he thought. The circles made her look like she was nervous and anxious about something or someone.

After about five minutes, the crowd thinned out until only Jake and the woman were standing there.

Elissa tried not to fidget. She put her hands down by her sides, refusing to let them brush back her hair or rub her eyes again. She was tired, but that wasn't new. She seemed to be in a perpetual state of sleep deprivation lately.

If only that cowboy would stop staring at her, she might not feel so selfconscious. He was extremely tall, at least a head taller than the other people in the small airport. And incredibly handsome in a rugged, Marlboro man kind of way. She wasn't used to men looking like that and he definitely tantalized her senses, but she turned away, forcing her eyes to look towards the windows.

Less than ten seconds later, she found herself looking at him again, drawn to him as if he were some sort of magnet. His muscular legs were encased in dusty jeans with a red shirt covering extremely broad shoulders tucked into the waistband. She noticed that his stomach was flat. No flab hanging over his belt buckle. He held a cowboy hat in his hands that had definitely seen the range, and was still covered with dust. Her eyes were traveling higher as she took in every detail of the brawny man, wondering what his arms would feel like. She could only see the muscular forearms and they were impressive with long, lean fingers that a surgeon would envy.

She looked higher and instantly flushed red when she found that his eyes were staring right back at her.

Turning away from his stare, she searched the airport, hoping Veronica would show up soon. What could be keeping her, Elissa wondered? She hoped nothing had happened to the babies. She would give Veronica five more minutes, then call her on her cell phone.

Elissa bit her lip as the tall cowboy strolled over to her. She didn't want to deal with the usual pick-up lines so she turned her back on the man, hoping he would get the hint.

"Excuse me, ma'am," he said politely. Elissa instantly liked the slight drawl in his voice and the deep sound fell over her skin like a caress.

Elissa shook herself mentally. Polite or not, she was thoroughly disgusted with men in general. She was fed up with their lies and their manipulations. And one insensitive cowboy was not going to get in her way of a happy reunion with her best friend. "I'm sorry, but I'm not interested," she said curtly and turned away again, taking her cell phone out and pressing buttons, hoping he would get the hint.

"I'm sorry, I don't think you understand," he started again.

Elissa ignored him and waited for Veronica to pick up her phone. "Hello?" Veronica's voice came on the line.

"Ronny? Are you there?" Elissa asked.

"Lissy? I'm so glad to hear from you. Please tell me you are still coming. Don't say you're bailing out on me at this point. You need this vacation just as much as I need you."

"No, no. Don't worry. I'm at the airport waiting for you. Are you going to be long?"

"I'm at the doctor's office. He's poking me again because I've been having so many contractions. Rick asked Jake to come and get you. He should already be there. Did he not show up?"

Elissa's mind froze. Veronica had sent someone else to pick her up? And there was a man standing behind her, patiently waiting for her to get off the phone. Elissa turned and looked at the tall, handsome man.

He raised one eyebrow at her look. "Elissa Stone?" he asked, curtly.

Elissa could only nod her head, the cell phone falling several inches away from her ear as the reality of her offense registered in her mind.

The man didn't blink an eye but his lips thinned slightly, indicating his irritation. "Jake Callahan, at your service. Let's get your bags," he snapped and turned to head towards the baggage claim area.

"Uh oh," Elissa whispered into the phone. "What's wrong?" Veronica asked.

"I think I just insulted Rick's boss," she said. "I'll see you later," Elissa said and hung up the phone to rush after the retreating man.

"I'm sorry," Elissa said as soon as she caught up with him. His legs were so long, she had to run to keep pace with him. It didn't help that she was wearing three inch heels and he was wearing cowboy boots. "I thought you were trying to pick me up and..."

Jake stopped short, whipping around to look down at her. "I AM trying to pick you up," he snapped. "Now which are your bags," he said, waiving his hand toward the baggage cart.

Elissa had been so intent on apologizing she wasn't aware that he had stopped. She ran right into his chest and almost fell onto her bottom. She would have completely embarrassed herself if two strong arms hadn't reached out to grab hold of her at the last minute. But as soon as she righted herself, he released her as if she were on fire, taking an immediate step back.

"The red ones," Elissa said breathlessly, staring at his hard, angry eyes.

Jake watched her for a stunned moment, surprised at how small she was. And how good she'd felt. She wasn't all skin and bones like she appeared. She was actually quite soft in all the right places if his one, brief touch was any judge.

Jake pushed that thought aside and turned towards the baggage that was piled up on the side of the cart. There were four large red suitcases. "Which red ones?" he snapped.

Elissa didn't understand and her eyes told him so. "All of them," she stated calmly as if that was the only reasonable answer.

Jake looked back at the piled bags and shook his head. "All four bags are yours?" he clarified.

Elissa looked at the baggage rack to make sure she was referring to the correct bags, then turned back to him, nodding. With determination, she moved over to the pile. She hefted one onto the other, carefully balancing the weight so they wouldn't topple over, then pulled out the arm that would allow her to roll them down the airport terminal to the parking lot. She did the same with the other two, stacking them up as well. Once she had them all situated so she could roll them together, she turned expectantly towards the still angry man.

"I'm ready," she said and waited for him to lead the way to the car. "Ready for what? To move in?" he asked, staring at her proud expression, then at her four, huge bags neatly stacked one on top of the other.

Elissa flushed but continued to stare at him expectantly. Jake swore under his breath, then walked over to where she was waiting, prettily ready to carry all her own bags. Taking the handles out of her hands, he slung one over his shoulder, then hefted one and rolled the others behind him. "This way," he said and started walking, not bothering to see if she followed.

"I can carry my own bags," she protested, trying to take them back from his firm grip.

Jake didn't even respond, just headed out of the automatic doors and led the way to the parking lot.

He stopped behind a large SUV that bore the logo, "Circle K" on the side. He unlocked the back of the truck and placed her bags in the storage area, tossing them like they were pillows instead of the heavy burdens which had weighed her down throughout the whole trip.

"Thank you," she said quietly and went to the passenger side to climb in.

Once they were in the truck, he buckled his seatbelt and turned the ignition. "I need to make a few stops. Do you mind?" he asked, backing out of the parking space.

"Not at all," Elissa said, but suspected that he didn't care what her answer would be. He was going to run the errands regardless of her assent.

Twenty minutes later, they reached the small town of Hawthorne, Texas. He drove right down Main Street and parked along the road. "I just need to get a few supplies in here," he said. "I faxed ahead for them so they are probably already gathered up. This shouldn't take too long," he said and Elissa wondered if he had ever used so many words before.

She jumped out of the truck and followed him into the store. She loved the smell of it instantly. There was sawdust and pipe smoke and several other scents she couldn't identify. She walked down the aisles, touching the various hardware that was on display. She had no idea what most of the stuff would be used for, but found it all fascinating anyway.

"I'm ready," he said, right behind her.

Elissa jumped and spun around, dropping the huge bolt and screw she had been trying to fit together.

"What do you need that for?" he asked as he bent down to pick it up.

Elissa laughed, a full-bodied laugh that surprised him and caressed his soul in some idiotic way he didn't want to explore. "I have no idea what it is for. Do you?" she asked, her curiosity evident in her voice and expression as she looked at him hopefully.

"Farm or ranch equipment," he replied curtly and tossed it back into the bin. Without another word, he turned and walked out of the store, again assuming she would follow.

Elissa hurried behind him, glancing at some of the other things for sale, wishing she could ask him more questions, but not daring. It was a new and fascinating world but he probably thought she was silly for finding the hardware store interesting. Besides, he seemed to be in a rush and didn't want to hold him back.

He tossed a bag into the back seat of the truck, then got into the driver's seat, waiting patiently for her to climb into the passenger's seat beside him.

As soon as she was buckled in, he reversed and headed in the opposite direction.

"Where are you going now?" she asked.

"Back to the ranch," he said without taking his eyes from the road.

Elissa only nodded then turned to watch the scenery, leaning forward as the mountains came into view. "Oh, my!" she exclaimed. "Are those the Rocky Mountains?" she asked, pointing out the window to the east.

"Part of them," he replied. He loved those mountains and was encouraged that she found them just as fascinating. "Haven't you ever been out this way before?" he asked, his curiosity peaked despite his desire to appear detached from the tiny woman with beautiful, sad eyes and one of the sexiest figures he'd seen in a long time. Possibly ever, he thought as he glanced at her breasts out of the corner of his eye.

"Yes, a few times. But it was always with some conference or another and I usually only saw the inside of meeting areas. This is much nicer," she said, glancing at the flowers springing up on the side of the road. "The flowers are fascinating around here. This is a beautiful area. Is it always like this?" she asked, a smile of wonder across her face.

Jake shook his head. "Only in the springtime. In a few weeks, the heat of the summer will be here and they'll all die away," he explained heartlessly.

"But they'll come back next spring, right?" she asked, only mildly deflated by his announcement of the upcoming heat and resulting devastation of the wildflowers.

"I guess," he said and turned his attention back to the road. Her smile changed her whole personality. She looked more youthful, less tired and angry, he thought. And her eyes twinkled a little.

Maybe she wasn't such an awful person after all, he considered. There was a tiny amount of hope for this city girl. Anyone who appreciated the raw beauty of this tough land couldn't be completely bad, even if they were from the city.

Chapter 3

After about an hour's ride, Jake turned down a driveway that was lined with tall oak trees. The trees eventually gave way to a beautiful Spanish style home that spread out in all directions.

"Oh, Mr. Callahan, is this Ronny's house?" she gasped. "It's beautiful, isn't it? I've always wanted a house like this," she said, getting out of the car so she could have an unencumbered view of the house instead of viewing it through the windshield. "I had no idea she was so lucky!"

"Wow!" she said, immediately walking up the gravel drive to the broad tile steps that led to a double front door. Elissa noticed several rocking chairs at one end of the porch and walked down to them, stopping in awe as she looked up. The chairs were perfectly placed to see both the driveway on one side of the house and a panoramic view of the mountains on the other side.

Elissa just stood there, taking in all the beauty around her and feeling a little jealous that her friend had so much in her life.

Jake came up behind her. "Like it?" he asked.

Elissa didn't speak. She just nodded her head.

"I hate to break the news to you. But this is my home. Ronny and Rick built their house over behind those trees."

Elissa laughed, only slightly self-conscious. It was still a beautiful house even if the awesome Jake inhabited it. "Oh, well, I think your home is lovely. I was wondering," she laughed, "because Ronny was telling me about it and she never described it being a mansion." Elissa smiled up at the man standing next to her, not embarrassed at all that she had mistaken his house for her friend's.

Jake stared down at the woman, wondering which was the real Elissa Stone. She seemed so genuine at this moment, almost vulnerable with her incredible eyes and translucent skin. Gone was the snobbish woman he'd initially met at the airport trying to shrug him off as if he were beneath her notice. He wondered if her hair felt as soft as it looked and if he'd only imagined her soft figure.

She quickly cleared her throat and looked down at the tile floor of the veranda. "Well, I guess I'd better get over to her place before she tries to help me," she said and took one last look at the mountain view before moving back down the porch to get her bags. "Can you point me in the right direction? I'll walk over to it."

"You're staying here, actually," Jake said gruffly, staring down at her lovely face with her twinkling eyes and smiling, luscious mouth. How could he have missed her mouth before? It was one sexy mouth with the bottom lip fuller than the upper one.

The smile quickly disappeared and Jake wanted to think up a joke, just to get her smile back.

"Oh, no. Ronny said that she'd arranged for me to stay in a cabin. She even put in a modem so I could keep up with work, although I'm not sure how anyone could work with that view," she said and glanced behind her to the mountains once more.

Jake shook his head. "One of the crew threw a rake through the window, so there aren't any more available cabins until the window gets fixed," he said.

His statement created butterflies in her stomach. "That's no problem," Elissa said, not liking the idea of staying in Jake's house, regardless of how huge it was. "It's summer," she said, shrugging her shoulders. "It shouldn't be a problem. I don't want to be in the way," she said.

Jake turned away from her and carried her bags into his house. "You're staying here," he said, ending the conversation as he disappeared up a stair case.

Elissa watched him go inside, carrying all four bags at once up a stair case effortlessly. "Well, I guess that's that," she said and sighed, wishing Veronica were here to step in. But she followed the man inside.

He was already coming down the stairs, minus her bags. "Your room is the last one on the right," he said curtly. "Make yourself at home," and he disappeared again out the door, leaving Elissa to figure out where her bags were and what she was supposed to do next.

Elissa stared around at the foyer, wondering where Veronica lived and where everyone else in the house or ranch was. She had always thought of a ranch as having several people working around a barn or a corral or whatever it was that held the animals. She didn't see anything like that although she was still standing in the center of the foyer.

A door opened behind her before Elissa could move. "Lissy?" Veronica called out, then peered around the heavy, carved wooden door.

"Ronny?" Elissa gasped, then rushed forward to hug her friend, almost crying now that she was here and in friendly company.

"I'm so glad you're here!" Ronny said, crying herself. "It has been too long!"

"I know," Elissa said, then stepped back to survey her friend. "Look at you! I can't believe how huge your stomach is. You're right, are definitely two in there," she laughed.

Veronica was proud of her protruding stomach and rubbed it gently. "Isn't it wonderful?"

"What were you doing at the doctor?"

"Oh!" Veronica waived aside Elissa's concerns. "She's just a worrier but it makes me feel better knowing she's worrying for me."

"Where's Rick?"

"Right here," a deeper voice said behind the two women. "Just waiting my turn," he chuckled.

"Rick!" Elissa said. "It is good to see you. I haven't seen you in so long!"

"I know. You work too hard," he said and took Elissa in a gentle hug. "What have you been eating, woman?"

"Nothing," Veronica laughed. "Obviously. So you come on with us, I'm going to fatten you up before you head back to that awful job of yours," she said and pulled Elissa out of the house.

Chapter 4

They walked about fifty feet along a path of stepping stones through a thicket of trees. On the other side, a small house overflowing with flowers along the sidewalk and windows emerged.

"Is this your house?" Elissa asked.

"This is it. I wish it were bigger so you could stay with us," she said, the worry appearing in her eyes.

Elissa waived Veronica's concerns aside. "Nonsense. You two only have a few more weeks to be alone with each other. I'll be fine."

"I heard some ranch hand slammed a rake through the window but Jake's house is much nicer so you'll be comfortable there. And I won't worry about you being alone now."

Elissa didn't mention her concerns over the tall, incredibly handsome man she would be sharing a house with. She'd much rather stay in the broken cabin for some reason. A broken window didn't worry her. But Jake Callahan terrified her.

"I have to get back to work. I'll see both of you ladies tonight?" he asked, looking at Elissa for confirmation.

"Absolutely," Elissa said, smiling at the man who was obviously in love with his wife. She watched with a pang of jealousy as Rick leaned forward and kissed Veronica, gently laying a hand on her swollen stomach before winking at both of them and striding off back down the path again.

Veronica smiled as she watched him walk away, then sighed heavily when he was no longer in sight.

"He's a great guy, Ronny," Elissa said, noting her friend's contented expression.

"I know. I really struck gold with him, didn't I?" she smiled smugly.

"Absolutely," Elissa agreed. "The last good man available."

Veronica's smile disappeared. "Oh, dear. That bad, huh?" she asked and turned to head into the house.

"What?"

"The men you've been seeing," she said, no longer a question. "You can't judge all men by New York City standards."

"I don't," Elissa said and looked around Veronica's small but comfortable house. "This is really nice," she said, trying to change the subject.

"Thank you," Veronica replied. "What do you think of Jake?" she asked, leading the way into the immaculately clean kitchen that was bright with large windows. She pulled out the fixings for salad. "Come over here and talk to me," she said, sitting down at the kitchen table. "I can't stand and cook anymore. Everything has to be prepared sitting down," she explained, grimacing as she started chopping vegetables. "Rick is getting sick of sandwiches," she laughed.

Elissa looked into the refrigerator and considered her options. "How about meat loaf?" she said, taking out the ground beef.

Veronica eyed her friend suspiciously. "Do you know how to cook meat loaf?" she asked.

Elissa bit her lip for a moment. "Can you tell me as I go along?" she asked.

"Sure, as long as you don't try and get out of the original subject," she joked.

Elissa followed Veronica's instructions on cooking meat loaf, while dodging Veronica's questions about her impressions of Jake. Elissa didn't understand her reaction to the man so she didn't want to give her friend the wrong idea.

Rick came back to the house a few hours later to find Elissa and Veronica laughing about old stories from their college days and their antics. Elissa really missed those carefree days and wished she could get some of those old feelings back again. She knew her life had become completely unbalanced, work taking up all her time and leaving nothing leftover.

The three of them ate dinner, then Rick walked Elissa home, explaining that Jake was still out working but he'd be back late that night.

Elissa laid in bed, amazed at the beautiful room Jake had let her use. It was very feminine and extremely comfortable. She watched the stars from her window, reveling in their brightness and the quiet of the night. There were no traffic sounds or planes flying overhead. She could even hear the crickets as they chirped their mating sounds in the tall grass.

It was almost midnight when she woke suddenly. She heard a noise coming from somewhere in the back of the house. The fact that she actually was waking up before midnight was just as odd as the sounds she was hearing.

Feeling nervous and not sure if Jake was back from wherever he'd been, she searched frantically for a weapon. The only solid object she could find was her hairbrush which she grabbed, wondering if the handle would do any harm to the intruder. But she held it aloft, her hand shaking violently as she snuck out of her room to find out who was sneaking into the house.

She couldn't hear anything for a long time as she stood right outside her doorway. Then she heard the footsteps again, moving from the back of the house to the front, then slowly coming down the hallway.

Elissa's heart was beating frantically but she moved as quietly as possible down the hallway. She saw a shadow in the foyer and thought to come up behind whoever it was, hoping to catch the intruder off guard.

Sneaking down the hallway, she stood just to the right of one doorway and waited, her body tense but determined to not be a victim. As soon as the shadow turned the corner, she jumped out and poked the handle of the brush into the huge, dark form in the middle of the hallway.

"Who are you and what are you doing in this house?" she demanded, hating the quiver that sounded in her voice.

The large form froze but didn't answer her.

"Who are you?" she demanded with more force.

In one swift move, Elissa found herself with her back to the wall and an equally hard chest pressed against her front. Both hands were held in the air by strong hands and she was staring into the amused eyes of Jake Callahan.

"Good evening, Ms. Stone," he said, his eyes roving over her stunned expression.

"What are you going to do now?" he asked when she didn't make any response.

"Jake," Elissa gasped. "I'm sorry. I didn't know who was in the house and I just heard sounds. I'm so sorry," she said, staring up into the man's mysterious eyes.

"So you meant to protect my home from me?" He stepped back slightly, giving her a few inches of space.

Elissa noted his broad shoulders and the fact that he smelled extremely nice. It was a mix of hay and sweat and something a little tangy that she couldn't define. "Well, like I said, I didn't know it was you." She looked down at the floor, then back up into his dark eyes.

"And if I was a burglar, what were you going to do? Brush my hair to death?" he teased, glancing down at the hairbrush in her hand.

Elissa couldn't think anymore. Now that her nervousness was gone, her body was reacting to his harder one against hers. He was teasing her? This didn't seem like the austere man who had picked her up at the airport earlier today. "Um....I....Jake, I'm sorry."

Jake knew he should move away but his body wouldn't take orders from his mind anymore. He'd been thinking of her soft, blue eyes all day and wondering if she really felt as good as he'd remembered. And now he knew. She felt better. And all she was wearing was a thin tee-shirt that barely covered her thighs. The gentlemanly thing to do was to move on down to his bedroom so she could get back to bed.

"Why are you so scared?" he asked instead.

"Well, I....I'm just not used to the sounds yet," she said. It was feeble but it was also the truth.

"You don't look like you sleep very well at home," he said, releasing one hand to gently touch the dark circles under her eyes.

His touched caused her entire face to heat with embarrassment and something else she couldn't define but made her stomach flip-flop. "No. Not very," was all she could say.

"Well, I hope you sleep better now. I promise to protect you against all other invaders," he said, smiling down at her face. "There's a rabbit that sometimes gets into the garden. I'll be sure to warn it away in case it makes too much noise. I imagine he'll be just as terrified of your hairbrush as I was," he chuckled, then sauntered down to the hallway to disappear a few doors away.

Elissa stood there for several minutes, trying to calm down her nerves and her body's reaction to Jake. Once she felt her legs would hold her up, she walked to her room and closed the door, falling into bed. She thought she'd be awake for several more hours but the next thing she knew, the sun was coming up over the horizon and she heard the back door slam shut.

Elissa woke up and stretched, walking over to the French doors that opened onto a small balcony. She saw a tall man walking across the backyard and instinctively knew that it was Jake. He had a confident walk, she noted. She liked that about him. It wasn't practiced or stiff, like the brokers in New York. He walked with a purpose and determination. With a touch of arrogance, she thought.

Rick pulled out a brown horse and walked her up to Elissa. "This here is Jemima. She's the sweetest, gentlest horse Jake owns. I think you and she will be good friends," Rick explained, patting the horse's nose.

Elissa watched the extremely large animal with wary eyes. "Are you sure she's nice and docile?"

Rick chuckled. "She sure is. Don't worry. She won't throw you."

Elissa stared at the horse's soft brown eyes and decided to trust Rick. "Okay. What do I do?"

Rick walked the horse over to the mounting block. "I guess the first thing to do would be to climb on."

"What's going on, Rick?" a deep voice behind Elissa asked.

Elissa tensed, knowing that voice well now. She turned to see Jake standing in the sunshine with his hat low over his eyes, hands on his hips and waiting for an answer.

Rick didn't seem to take offense at Jake's curt tone. He simply smiled at Jake and tipped his hat back slightly. "Elissa wants to learn how to ride. I told her I'd give her a few lessons."

"Jimmy needs help with the steer out in the south field. Go give him a hand. And bring Tommy and Joe too. They are probably finished with the truck by now." Jake looked right at Elissa. "I'll take care of the lessons."

Jake give her lessons on riding? No way, she told herself. Elissa backed away. "No, that's okay. I can do this another time. I don't want to be in the way."

Rick ignored her statement and tied Jemima up to the nearby fence. "Thanks, Jake. I'll take care of that steer if you'll take care of Elissa. I think she might be a bit nervous so be nice," he said and smiled as he walked off to a truck. Elissa watched him get into the cab and revved the engine, waving to her with a cheeky smile as he drove of. She didn't want to get lessons from Jake. He terrified her more than the horse did. And it didn't help that he was staring at her now that they were relatively alone in the corral.

"This really can wait until Rick has more time. You're busy," she said warily and backed away from the mounting block intending to hide in her room until this enigmatic man left the area.

"Don't tell me you're afraid of Jemima," Jake said, moving closer to pat the horse's head. His eyes challenged her.

Elissa tried to keep her eyes off his hands as he caressed the horse. She refused to be jealous of the huge beast but Jake's hands were strong and tanned with long fingers that soothed the horse who moved closer, begging for more.

Taking a deep breath to get her thoughts going in the right direction, she stepped back further. "I'm not afraid of her. I'd just prefer Rick to teach me how to ride."

"Ah," Jake said, nodding his head. "So you're afraid of me," and he smiled slightly.

Elissa's chin went up a notch. "I'm not afraid of you."

His smile grew wider. "Prove it. Get on the horse. Let's see what you can do," he said and raised one eyebrow.

Elissa eyed the horse and considered admitting that she was terrified of both horse and instructor. But one glance back at him and she refused to let him know the truth. He already thought she was a city girl who couldn't handle life on a ranch. She'd just prove that she wasn't a hot house flower.

Moving to the side, she considered all the various angles available to get onto the horse. Including the rear. She wasn't sure how to do it but she knew the block of wood near the horse had something to do with helping her, otherwise Rick wouldn't have brought Jemima over to it, would he?

"What are you doing?" Jake asked, trying not to laugh at the way she surveyed the gentle mare.

Elissa sighed. "I'm trying to figure out how to get on," she finally admitted, looking at the ground in embarrassment.

Jake rolled his eyes and walked over to her. Grabbing her by the waist, he lifted her over the saddle and plunked her down, not even looking like he'd exerted himself in any way.

Elise landed in the saddle with a hard thump. "Well, that's definitely one way," she mumbled, grabbing the saddle horn with both hands.

"Now take the reigns and move the horse over to the corral while I open the gate," he said and turned his back to walk over to the gate and unlatch the lock.

Elissa picked up the reigns and stared at the back of the horse's head. She wriggled her hips a little, thinking that might get the horse moving in the right direction. But the horse didn't even flutter her ears.

"Okay, Jemima, you heard the man. We need to go over there," Elissa said, pointing to the corral.

Jemima's reply was a snort of her nose but no movement.

"What the hell are you doing?" Jake asked, staring back at the woman wriggling her cute little derriere on the saddle.

Elissa froze. She hadn't realized that he was watching her. She looked up and caught his astonished gaze. "You said to get the horse into the corral. I'm trying to get her to move, but I'm not sure how to do it."

Jake's mouth dropped open. But he quickly snapped it shut and walked back over to her. "You put your heels to her belly to make her move forward," he snapped. "Pull the reigns to the left to make her go left and right to make her go right."

Elissa looked down at Jake with a horrified expression, not liking what he was telling her to do. "I have to kick this horse to make her move?" not having the courage to do any such thing.

"You don't kick her, you nudge her gently," he said, exasperated. "Haven't you ever watched any old Western movies?"

Elissa felt foolish but determined. "No. And if I knew how to do this, I wouldn't have asked for lessons," she snapped back. Wishing he would stop staring at her, she gently tapped her heels to the horse's side.

Jemima took a step forward, then stopped.

"Again," Jake yelled, walking back to the gate. He leaned against the rails and crossed his arms over his chest while he watched her.

Elissa again touched her heels to the mare's sides and Jemima moved again, walking this time but, unfortunately not towards the corral. "No no, please. Go the other way," Elissa pleaded, then remembered Jakes instructions about the reigns and pulled them to the left. Sure enough, the horse turned in the direction of the corral and Elissa let out a deep breath. Unfortunately, she forgot to let the reigns down and the horse kept turning, heading back into the barn. Elissa panicked. "No no, Jemima. Please don't go back there. I promise I'll give you a treat as soon as we're done."

Jake had been leaning against the fence of the corral, enjoying the view of Elissa's cute little bottom on the saddle. When the horse finally moved, he smothered a laugh when she begged the horse to turn in the correct direction.

But his amusement turned to hilarity when the horse made a full one eighty and headed back to the barn, with Elissa pleading with the horse to do her bidding.

Jake shook his head and slapped his hat on his thigh, then moved into the barn to retrieve horse and rider. He held the reigns in his hands and guided Jemima and Elissa into the corral. Once there, Jake slapped the rump of Jemima once and the horse walked slowly into the fenced area.

Elissa could not hide her embarrassment as the horse moved into the corral, then stopped and waited for more direction.

"Just start her walking around the corral so you can get a feel for her," Jake called as he latched the gate closed.

Elissa gently pressed her heels against Jemima's sides again, concentrating on what the horse was doing. It seemed to know to move around the edge of the fence line so at least Elissa didn't have to make her go in a specific direction.

"Make her stop," Jake called.

Elissa flinched at his curt order and accidentally kicked Jemima on the sides again, making the horse increase her speed to a fast trot.

"Stop her, not make her go faster!" Jake snapped.

Elissa glanced up quickly but only allowed her eyes to touch Jake for a moment before moving back to Jemima's ears. "What do I do?" she yelled, hoping he could hear her over the frantic beating of her heart.

"Pull back on the reigns," he yelled back impatiently.

Elissa pulled back quickly and Jemima immediately came to a stop. Elissa dropped the reigns to grab onto the saddle horn. She stayed on the horse, but just barely.

"What are you doing now?" Jake asked, watching her cling to the saddle as if her life depended on it.

Elissa looked around her, noting the reigns dragging on the dirt and not sure how to pick them up again. "I'm not exactly sure what to do. Any suggestions?" She called out.

Jake put his head down for a moment. She looked so incredibly vulnerable and his initial instinct was to jump over the fence and help her down. Or climb up onto the saddle and show her how to ride the horse. But getting close to this woman was dangerous. He wouldn't be touching the horse, he'd be touching her and that thought made him snap out commands more curtly than he'd intended.

"Reach over and pick up the reigns," he said.

"No," she called back.

Jake looked up, shocked at that one word. Orders by him were instantly obeyed by every person who stepped foot on this ranch. Men twice her size didn't dare argue with any of his commands no matter what he asked them to do. So it was hard for him to comprehend that this tiny, sexy woman, sitting on top of one of the gentlest mares in his stable of over one hundred horses, had the courage to defy him when no one else dared.

Jake crossed his arms over his chest and leaned against the corral, wondering if he should take her to task for telling him no. "Well, then what are you going to do?"

Elissa couldn't think of an answer. "I'm not sure what to do, but I can tell you definitely what I'm not going to do," she called back.

Jake heard the quiver in her voice and realized she was genuinely scared. He relented and allowed himself to close the distance between them. He reached down and handed the reigns to her, looking up at her nervous expression. "Elissa, this is a sweet, gentle lady. She's not going to hurt you, I promise," he said and patted the horse's neck just to show her how sweet the horse was.

Jake's softer tone and reassurance gave her some courage. She nodded and bit her lower lip in concentration. Elissa took a deep breath and tapped her heels against Jemima's sides. The horse immediately moved forward at a slow walk. Testing out her courage, Elissa pulled the reigns to the right and was thrilled when Jemima walked to the right. Elissa tried it in the opposite direction and, sure enough, the horse contritely walked to the left. Elissa smiled brightly at her accomplishment, meeting Jake's eyes in triumph.

Jake had to swallow hard as he watched her excitement over her maneuvers. They were barely up to the basics of horse riding and Elissa looked like she had just won a gold medal in the Olympics.

Ignoring the warm, tender feelings she created inside him, he called out to her, "Now stop her and start her up again."

"Uh...Jake, you never told me how to stop her," she said, turning the horse again to the right.

"Pull on the reigns."

"I did that last time and lost the reigns. What did I do wrong?"

"You pulled back too quickly. You told her she needed to stop quickly, so she did. Pull back gently and she'll come to a stop gently."

Elissa did as he instructed and her smile widened when Jemima came to a gentle stop.

The lesson continued for over an hour. Jake had her start, stop, move to the left and right over and over again. Then when he thought she'd mastered that, he told her how to dismount. He made her get up and off several times.

Grooming the horse after the lesson was a treat for both horse and rider. Elissa rubbed the horse down with a brush, then fed her an apple, enjoying how the horse nibbled on the palm of her hand. She made fast friends with Jemima that day. But she avoided looking at Jake again. The one time in the corral was enough to assure her that he didn't like her in any way and thought of her as burdensome. She was grateful for the lesson though, so once he told her that Jemima was adequately compensated for, she turned to offer her thanks.

"Be back here tomorrow for the next lesson," he said before she could get out her thanks. He walked away after that tense command.

Elissa watched him walk away, admiring the man's physique despite herself. His thighs were thick and muscular beneath the jeans and were topped by the nicest butt, she admitted. Elissa had never been a derriere admirer before, but she was changing in all aspects of her life, she realized.

Then her eyes strayed to his shoulders and she had to sigh. If she were a dating woman, which she wasn't anymore, this man would definitely tempt her. She'd felt only his hands against her waist when they'd lifted her into the saddle, but that was enough to know that those arms and shoulders were packed with muscles underneath his black cotton shirt.

Elissa shook her head and forced her eyes to move away from his retreating back. She didn't know what to do with the rest of her day. Veronica would be at school for another four hours, Rick was out on whatever task Jake had sent him to do. She thought about logging into her computer and checking her e-mail, but rejected that idea.

The main house caught her eye and Elissa remembered Veronica talking about the kitchen. Apparently, Jake's mother loved cooking so the main house had a very large, airy kitchen with every possible utensil and pan known to the culinary world.

Elissa hadn't cooked anything since before college, but she remembered how much she liked baking and creating. Since she was staying at the main house for a few more days, would Jake mind if she used the kitchen as well?

She turned around to see if she could put the question to him, but once she walked out of the barn, there was no one in sight, Jake included. She walked up to the house by herself, ignoring the tense muscles in her body.

She entered by a side entrance and gasped in pleasure. The kitchen was huge with acres of countertop space. The dark wood cabinets were large and, upon opening them, she discovered that they were filled with mixing bowls, pans of every size and shape and any utensil she might need, including some she had no idea what to do with.

Peeking into the refrigerator, she noted that it was packed full of food. Elissa wondered if Jake would consider this an invasion of privacy, but then shrugged. She didn't care at this point. She didn't have anything to do until Veronica came home so she was going to try her hand at cooking.

She found a dish towel and tucked it into the waistband of her jeans in place of an apron, then pulled out chicken, vegetables, cheese, bread and butter. Staring at the ingredients, she considered her options. With a nod of her head and a determined expression, Elissa set out to pounding, chopping, slicing and dicing. The first thing was a salad. That was easy enough, she thought as she tossed all the vegetables into a bowl, adding as much color as the vegetables would allow.

She worked on the main meal next and had a little more trouble with that. She decided to try stuffed chicken and burned herself on the oil when she put the first chicken cutlet into the pan. Ignoring the pain, she sauteed over six breaded chicken cutlets filled with sliced ham and cheese. The breading made the cutlets cook to a golden brown and the smell filled the kitchen with a wonderful scent.

For a side dish, she made mashed potatoes with lots of butter and sour cream, adding a little garlic to the end product.

It took her four hours, but the end product was very satisfying. She arranged the cutlets on two plates, four that she was going to take to Veronica's house for dinner, then adding the last two to a plate for Jake along with a huge mound of mashed potatoes and a salad. She cleaned the kitchen, wrapped his dinner up in saran wrap and put it into the refrigerator in a place she was sure he'd see. Once she finished, Elissa carried all the dishes out the door, hoping to have the table set at the other house before Veronica came home.

But Veronica was pulling up to the house just as Elissa exited the house. "What are you doing over here?" Veronica asked, smiling and taking one of the bowls out of Elissa's hands.

"I made dinner," Elissa explained proudly. "I used Jake's kitchen. I hope he won't mind. Not that I don't like yours, but Jake's is really nice," she said and opened Veronica's front door to let them both inside.

"Oh, don't worry about Jake. He won't mind at all. He never uses the kitchen. The man seems to live on sandwiches unless I feed him over here."

"Well, I left him a plate. I don't know if he'll like it but it was fun to cook again," Elissa said with a satisfied expression as she placed the dinner on the counter in Veronica's kitchen.

Veronica stared at her friend in confusion. "What did you do in New York when you were hungry?"

"Ate out," Elissa replied, pulling plates out of the kitchen cabinets and placing them on the table. "Sit down and I'll set the table," She said.

Veronica sat and stared at her friend. "You never cooked at your house?"

Elissa opened and closed drawers, in search of utensils, shrugging her shoulders distractedly at Veronica's question. "Well, I don't really have a house, just a condominium. But no, I haven't had time to cook in years. I ate out if I got hungry," and she smiled triumphantly when she opened the drawer with knives and forks.

"What about breakfast? Don't you eat then?"

Elissa took the plates from the counter and placed three around the table, adding knives, forks and spoons. "Nope. My stomach was usually too tense in the morning for anything other than a cup of coffee."

"Well no wonder you've lost so much weight," Veronica said, layering her hands over her protruding belly. "You just need some good, home cooking to plump you up a little."

"I agree," she said and smiled as Rick walked into the house.

He immediately turned to kiss his wife and Elissa felt like a third wheel. She turned her back to the couple to give them a little privacy, wishing she could leave them alone for a few minutes but the house was too small for her to find another room.

"What smells so good?" Rick asked, sniffing the air.

"Lissy made dinner!" Veronica exclaimed. "But beware, this was her first attempt in years."

Elissa laughed. "Good warning," she said and pulled the covers off the dishes. "I hope you like it," she said.

Rick's eyes widened and he sniffed appreciably. "If it tastes half as good as it smells, I'll hug you," he said and sat down to eat.

The three of them laughed and ate the whole meal, Rick scraping the bowl of mashed potatoes in an effort to get more. Once he was done, he sat back and patted his flat stomach, sighing deeply.

"I've got to say, that was delicious," he said.

"I didn't know you could cook like that, Lissy," Veronica said, pulling herself off the kitchen chair to make her way to the family room where she collapsed into a reclining chair. "That was really good," she said and took the glass of milk her husband brought to her.

"Would you like some coffee?" Rick asked.

Elissa shook her head. "No thank you. I won't be able to sleep tonight if I do," she said and smiled as he walked back into the kitchen to make a pot of coffee. "How did you sleep last night?" Veronica said, sipping her milk.

Elissa shook her head, "I don't remember. So it must have been good. I didn't wake up at all."

"That's good! The country air is good for you. You look a lot better today than you did yesterday," she said, noting that the dark circles under her eyes were a little less visible.

"It feels good." Then she leaned forward, "You wont' believe what I did today. I learned to ride a horse," she said without waiting for Veronica to guess.

"You're kidding," Veronica said, almost spilling her milk in her shock. "Did Rick teach you?"

"He started to, but then Jake took over."

"Jake gave you riding lessons?" she asked.

"Yep."

Rick came in at that moment with a steaming cup of coffee and sat down, chuckling. "I heard a little bit about the lessons and I'm glad you survived."

"What happened?" Veronica asked, curious.

"I learned to start and stop, turn the horse left and right," Elissa said quickly.

Rick burst out laughing. "Well, that's true enough."

Veronica's gaze traveled between Rick's laughing face and Elissa's red one. "Okay, give it up. What happened?"

"Nothing. I told you," Elissa said, standing up to put the dishes into the dishwasher.

Rick threw back his head and laughed. "That's not what I heard," he said, laughing so hard he had to gasp for breath and hold his stomach.

Elissa put her hands on her hips and stared at the man in confusion. "How would you know? You were out in some field doing something with a steer."

Rick laughed again and stood up to give her a little hug. "Lissy, that's one thing about living out here. Everyone knows everything about everyone. There's no way to hide."

Elissa was amazed that the rumor mill worked out here as efficiently as it did in New York. It didn't seem as vicious she thought as Rick told the story about how she couldn't get on the horse, couldn't move the horse, then couldn't move the horse in the right direction, and on and on. By the end of the story, Veronica was laughing so hard she was holding onto her stomach just as Rick had a few minutes ago. "Oh, Lissy, is it true?" she asked, wiping the tears from her face.

Rick even had Elissa laughing the way he told the story. "Well, it wasn't funny at the time, but I guess I did make a few mistakes."

That got Veronica and Rick laughing again and Elissa enjoyed their humor, letting the relaxed atmosphere wash over her. As they moved on to the next subject, Elissa could feel the tension in her shoulders ease. They talked about the kids in Veronica's class at school and their antics and Rick mentioned a few of the trials of his day.

It was only nine o'clock but she saw Veronica smothering a yawn and got up. "I'd better go. I need to check my e-mail. I'll see you guys in the morning," she said and quickly left the house before they could protest.

Elissa made her way to the main house, wondering if she would run into Jake and hoping she wouldn't. But a tiny voice inside her told her that she was lying to herself. She did want to see him. She wanted to know if he had eaten her chicken and if he'd had a nice day. She wanted to...Elissa didn't let that thought continue. She slipped into the house from a side entrance and snuck up the side stairs to her room, closing the door quietly in case he was somewhere in the house.

She wasn't sure where his room was, probably on the opposite wing, but she was too nervous around him. She felt silly and awkward, like a school girl with a crush. She seemed to stare too much and couldn't form a thought when he looked at her with those intense black eyes of his.

She considered checking her e-mail again, but just couldn't face the stress. So she didn't even unpack her computer. Yawning, she walked out onto the balcony and looked out to the black night. She stared up at the sky, getting dizzy with the stars.

Climbing into bed, her last thought before her head hit the soft pillow was if Jake had liked her chicken as much as Veronica and Rick had.

The following week went along the same agenda. Elissa woke up when she heard a door close downstairs. She imagined that it was Jake leaving but wasn't sure since the sun was just coming up over the horizon. She sat down on her balcony and watched the sun rise, enjoying the peace of the morning as the ranch slowly started to energize.

Once she finished her coffee, she would make breakfast for Veronica and Rick before they left in the morning. Once they were gone, she would pour over recipes, planning out the dinner she wanted to cook. Then she got into the ranch truck Rick told her she could use and drove into town to get whatever ingredients she needed. Elissa didn't question why she always got enough to feed four people, two of whom were very large, very muscular men. It just became automatic as she selected her groceries each day.

Once she got back to the ranch in the late morning, Jake was always waiting for her at the barn and he would teach Elissa how to ride around the corral. He was usually pretty surly about the lessons, yelling instructions to her, criticizing her whenever she slipped even a little. By the third day, she didn't let Jake's ornery tone hurt her feelings or fluster her. Elissa was feeling so good about her success, she just gritted her teeth and tried harder, ignoring his cryptic comments and just general meanness.

After an hour or two of riding instruction, Elissa rubbed down Jemima, gave her a treat, then headed to the main house to cook dinner. Usually she was done by around two o'clock so she decided the second afternoon to start cleaning the house. It was a beautiful Spanish style house with gorgeous antiques that had previously been cared for by a loving hand. But the dust settling over the wood just made Elissa itch to clean up. So she did.

She started in the back of the house in the obviously unused portions, dusting, polishing, vacuuming all the furniture and carpets. As she cleaned each room and the wood started glowing with polish, the dusty smell left and the floors took on new shine, she felt a sense of accomplishment that had been missing in her days prior to coming here. The rooms took on a glow that revealed their previous beauty.

Each night, she shared her evening meal with Rick and Veronica, but left a little after the meal was over. She knew that they needed private time to talk and share their days without her being there.

So she left them each evening and headed back up to the main house, using the excuse that she had to do a little work. But her computer never left its case.

One evening, she sat out on the patio by the pool, staring up at the stars, amazed by their brightness.

"Having a good time?" a deep voice asked.

Elissa jumped. She hadn't known Jake was here but she squinted and saw him leaning against the fence to the pool. "Oh, Jake. I'm sorry. Am I invading your space?" she said and stood up, already heading towards the house intending to head back to her room.

"Sit down," he ordered. Elissa sat.

"What are you doing sitting out here? Why aren't you down with Rick and Ronny?"

Elissa watched as he opened the gate and walked towards her. He sat down on the chair right next to her. Raising his eyebrows, he waited patiently for her answer.

As usual, when Jake came near her, her stomach got all mushy and she had trouble concentrating. Except during her first horseback riding lesson, he'd never been this close. He could easily reach out and touch her.

"I'm um...." Elissa looked over his shoulder, trying to concentrate. "They need time to themselves," she explained.

Jake heard the wistfulness in her voice and wondered about it. "Why don't you have someone you want to be alone with?" he asked.

"Who says I don't?" she asked, avoiding his eyes.

"I do. You haven't called anyone since you've been here. If I were the one waiting for you to come back, you damn well better call me every day," he said.

Elissa glanced at his eyes, startled by his statement. "You would feel that way?" she asked.

"Damn straight," he confirmed, nodding his head for emphasis. "So tell me why you don't have someone?"

"Just because I don't call someone, doesn't mean there isn't a significant other in my life," she said, leaning back in her chair and staring up at the stars in an effort to appear calm despite her jumpiness when he was around her.

Jake was quiet for a moment before stating, "You're lying. Why?"

Elissa didn't like the way he could read her so easily. "Because I need to," she said.

"What do you mean?"

She laughed softly. "Maybe I need to pretend there's someone waiting for me. Just so I can make sure my life is normal in some small way," she explained.

A lump formed in Jake's throat. The sadness in her voice and the pain in her eyes caught him off guard. She was supposed to be a tough city girl, self-centered and pampered. Her comments didn't fit the image he had of her.

"Why do you need to pretend? Aren't there men back in New York?"

Elissa shrugged. "None worthy of mentioning." She sat up then, afraid she'd reveal too much under the romantic stars. She didn't think Jake wanted to hear about her love life, or lack of it. "Well, I'd better get to bed," she said.

He stood up with her. "Good night," he said, and watched as she walked into the darkened house.

Elissa made headway in all areas of her day that week. The house was starting to look wonderful now, she was cooking five course meals, complete with desserts and loving every minute of it. And despite Jake's constant snapping, she knew she was doing well with Jemima. Oh, she wasn't ready to start jumping fences and tying up calves, but she could hold her own in the corral now.

The nights worried her more and more. Each evening, no matter where she was in the house, she seemed to run into Jake. She hid out in the library one evening but he came in, sifting through some papers, stopping short when he saw her.

"Hiding?" he challenged.

Elissa was but she wasn't going to admit it to Jake. "Reading," she said, laying the book down on her lap so he couldn't read the title.

But Jake noticed the telling blush on her cheeks and walked over to find out what had caused it. He picked up her book, easily evading her hands that tried to stop him as he read the title.

"Byron?" he questioned, then looked at her face. "You're reading Byron?"

Elissa grabbed the book and tucked it back on the shelf. "I was."

"Byron?" he asked again, unable to comprehend her reading romantic poetry.

She turned on her heel and confronted him. "He's a very good writer with some interesting ideas. What's it to you, who I read anyway?" she demanded, her hands on her hips.

Jake looked at her with her hands on her hips, confronting him. He slowly walked over to stand directly in front of her and he noted with approval the wariness that came over her expression as he towered over her tiny body.

"No need to get all sassy with me, little one," he said, his eyes scanning her flushed face.

She quickly backed up a pace, which he eliminated immediately. "I don't take sass from anyone, much less a tiny woman who barely reaches my shoulder."

"You wouldn't hurt me," she said, sure he wouldn't do physical harm to her but not sure what he could do.

"I don't hit females," he said softly, "But there are other ways to get rid of sass," he warned. Then quickly turned on his heel and walked out of the room.

Elissa let out her breath, unaware that she had been holding it. Her first thought was what other ways? Her next one was that she needed to run. That got her feet moving and she made it all the way up the staircase and into her room, quickly closing the door behind her.

Wednesday, she decided to tackle the pool. The days were getting hotter and the pool needed cleaning. She had no idea how to do it but she found the pool tools in a small closet off to the side of the pool and used the nets to clean off the top of the water. It took her almost all afternoon, but by the end of the day, she was able to look at the crystal clear water and nod in satisfaction.

It was too late to swim though. She had to rush to get the evening meal ready. She only made simple sandwiches but added some gourmet cheese to spice them up and some homemade salsa. She debated making Jake a sandwich, not wanting to be nice to him after the previous evening's threats. But she relented, knowing he didn't get back to the house until well after it was dark. He always looked tired, she thought, remembering how she'd watched him from the darkness of her room a few nights ago. She made him two sandwiches and left them in the refrigerator, adding the salsa in a bowl to the side.

It was an extremely hot night but Elissa didn't want to go swimming until she was sure Jake was done for the day. Her bathing suit was not overly revealing, but she feared Jake would be able to see everything underneath the spandex. So she stayed in her room, watching from the balcony until he walked into the house. She even waited until the light from the kitchen turned off, indicating that he'd eaten the sandwiches she'd left for him and was heading upstairs for bed.

Elissa snuck down the stairs, making sure all the lights were out before she crossed the large family room that would lead to the patio and pool. Breathing a sigh of relief, she put her towel down on a lounge chair and stood at the edge of the pool, anticipating the coolness of the water, eager to let the water surround her and take the edge off the day.

She dove cleanly through the water, coming up on the other side and taking a deep breath. The water felt even better than she had thought it would. It was a glorious feeling to skim through the cold water, leaving the tension behind.

She swam several laps, pushing her muscles so she would fall asleep tonight. She had been sleeping well ever since she arrived, but the feeling was too new to take for granted. She wanted to wear herself out so she wouldn't wake up tonight.

Getting out, she toweled herself dry, congratulating herself on avoiding Jake tonight and ignoring the disappointment she felt at the thought. She refused to acknowledge that she prepared all day just for their evening interludes. She didn't want to admit, even to herself, that she was trying to find out what his favorite meals were so she could cook them. That path led to insanity.

"You're a good swimmer," a deep voice said through the darkness.

Elissa jumped and spun around, trying to find the man. "What are you doing out here?" she asked, covering her body with the towel.

"It's my house, but I don't remember assigning anyone to clean the pool lately."

"Do you mind?" she asked, wondering if he would get mad that she had done it.

"I guess not," he said and pushed away from the door where he had been leaning.

"How long have you been here?"

"Ever since you tiptoed through the family room," he said, chuckling and swirling the ice cubes in his glass.

Elissa was glad that the darkness hid her flaming cheeks. "I wasn't tiptoeing. I just heard your door close and didn't want to disturb you."

Jake ignored her lie and let his eyes skim down her towel-covered body. "Where'd you learn to swim so well?" he asked.

"I was on my high school swim team. I love the water," she said and stepped back slightly. Jake was too close. She needed space to be able to think around him.

"Really? I would have thought you were more into the French club or maybe Latin," he said and took a step forward for each of her retreating ones. careful," he warned.

"You should be

"I was in the French club," she replied, stepping back again. doing?" she asked, wary of his approach.

"What are you

But that was one step too much and her foot had nothing to step on except air and water. She dropped the towel and her arms flew out as dawning emerged that she was about to fall into the pool.

Jake reached out quickly with his free hand and wrapped his arm around her middle, pulling her to safety before she fell backwards into the pool. "Didn't I mention that you should be careful?" he said, his mouth close to hers, his eyes scanning her own.

"Yes," she gasped.

Elissa was arched against his arm and she could feel every muscle along her almost naked body. He was wearing his jeans and boots, but his shirt had been unbuttoned down to the middle of his chest. She could see the firm muscles were covered with a light layer of hair and her hands held onto his shoulders. She could feel his stomach muscles tense as her lips parted.

They just stood there like that, each staring at the other, their bodies fitting perfectly to each other. Elissa realized that she wanted him to kiss her, if just this once. She wanted to know what his lips felt like. Were they hard or soft? Would he demand? Or would he entice?

But he stopped and backed up a step, releasing her immediately.

Neither said anything for the longest time.

"I guess I'd better get to bed," Elissa whispered. "Thank you for the rescue," she mumbled, then carefully moved around him. Once he was not between her and safety, she ran into the house, needing to get as far away from him as possible.

Thursday was uneventful since Elissa read a book in her room and was, therefore, able to avoid contact with Jake. She was concerned with her reactions every time he came near her. She decided that she needed to make more of an effort to avoid him in the future.

Unfortunately, since she didn't sleep well the night before, Elissa had to grit her teeth to keep her temper from flaring up during her riding lessons with Jake. He was being extremely demanding and pushing her to do things she was nervous about doing on the horse. He wanted her to get Jemima to a gallop but she kept the horse at a trot, not willing to tempt fate at this point.

But when he yelled at her for the third time, she stopped Jemima in the middle of the corral, got down off the horse, walked over to where Jake was standing and poked him in the middle of his chest as she looked up at him. "Listen, cowboy. I'm tired of you yelling at me and being mean and nasty. Jemima and I don't want to go any faster, so just back off and teach me to do something else." By the time she was finished, she was yelling at him, emphasizing each of her points by poking him in the chest again and again.

When she was done, she walked back into the corral, pulled herself up onto Jemima's back and turned in the saddle, waiting for Jake's next instruction. She was feeling pretty proud of herself for a few moments.

But that feeling didn't last. Jake stood by the fence, an astonished look on his face for all of ten seconds. Then his face cleared, his mouth settled into a grim line and he walked purposefully over to where Elissa and Jemima were waiting.

Elissa had no idea what to expect. She just stared down at him, glad that she was higher than he was for once.

She never saw it coming. He moved so fast. One moment he was standing in front of her and Jemima, the next he was seated behind her, pulling her bottom onto his lap and taking the reigns out of her hands. One arm held her around her waist and the other hand directed Jemima to turn to the right. Elissa held on to Jake's arm for her dear life as Jake nudged Jemima into a full out run. They ran past all the ranch buildings, leaving the ranch hands to stop their work and stare at their boss flying past them with a terrified Elissa in front of him.

He directed Jemima to an outcropping of rocks and trees, then hopped down off the saddle. Once he was on the ground, he reached up to pull her down.

Elissa tried to avoid his hands, but she was no match for his muscular arms. He simply lifted her high up, then slid her body slowly down the length of his, watching her face the whole time.

"I told you I wouldn't put up with sass," he said a moment before his mouth came down on hers.

Elissa had been wondering what a kiss from Jake would be like. Nothing in her dreams or past experience could have prepared her for the shock waves that traveled through her veins with his first touch.

He caught her gasp in his mouth and all she could do was grab his shoulders and hang on. His lips were hard and rough in texture and demanded everything while giving her all she could take. His mouth demanded that her lips part to allow his tongue entrance and she immediately complied, eager to feel the next sensation.

His tongue mated with hers, moving in and out of her mouth, forcing a groan from her that she didn't realize had come from her. Of their own volition, Elissa's arms wrapped around his neck and the world tilted as he turned them so she was leaning against the rock, her back against the stone and her chest against his chest, both hard and unyielding.

He sucked her lip and tongue, demanding more from her than she knew she had it in her to give. She whimpered as he tilted his head the other way, gaining a better advantage to the kiss.

Without her knowledge, Jake pulled her leg up, allowing his leg to move between hers. He kissed her neck, her ear, nibbling on the lobe and caressing the delicate shell with his tongue, eliciting another groan from Elissa as she arched her back, desperate to feel more but not sure what to do.

Just as suddenly as the kiss started, Jake pulled away, both of them breathing hard and staring at each other. Then Jake walked back over to Jemima and climbed on. A second later, he maneuvered the horse over to where Elissa was standing and she was again plunked down in front of him. They rode back to the corral in silence. When Jemima was standing in the middle of the corral, Jake hopped down and walked right back to where he had been when she'd yelled at him before and he started calling out orders to her again, just as cranky as he had been before.

Elissa obeyed him simply because she couldn't think anymore. Her hands were still shaking from his kiss and her mind was still reeling.

By the time the lesson was over, she was no longer shaking with reaction but she was shaking in anger. Had he not felt the same things she had during the kiss? How dare he kiss her like that, she thought in the next moment. He had no right to do that to her and the next time she saw him, she'd tell him to keep his hands off her! Elissa was kicking the ground all the way back to the house, wishing it was his incredibly attractive butt instead of just the dust.

She made a huge meal for dinner that night in an effort to calm her frustration. She made glazed ham, scalloped potatoes, blueberry pie and several types of cookies. In the end, she still left him a plate but it was a tough decision this time.

"Well, I'd better get up to the house and get some sleep. You guys look like you're about to pass out anyway," Elissa said, standing up and heading towards the door.

"Hey, wait a minute," Veronica called, heaving her pregnant body out of the reclining chair. She walked over to the refrigerator and pulled a piece of paper off, handing it to Elissa. "There's a dance tomorrow night. Wear a dress," she said, making the assumption that Elissa would attend.

Elissa stared at the flyer. "I don't think I can do this," she said, handing the flyer back to her.

But Veronica was having none of that. She pushed the paper back, shaking her head. "You have to go. Rick won't have anyone to dance with unless you go. And I want to be around people that don't write notes in class."

Elissa laughed. "Really, it's nice of you to invite me but...:

"No 'buts'," she interrupted. "If you don't go, I'll have to dance with him," she said, pointing to her husband who was cleaning up the kitchen. "And that won't be a good thing with old Junior here," she said, patting her belly, "jumping around and causing trouble. So be ready at seven o'clock. We'll all go together. I promise none of the other cowhands will bother you."

Elissa couldn't deny her friend company so she relented. "Okay. I'll be ready. But do I have to wear a dress?" she asked.

"Yes. You need to show off those sexy legs. All I get to see are Rick's."

"Hey, mine aren't too bad to look at," he challenged, coming up behind his wife and hugging her.

"Okay, you've convinced me," Elissa laughed. "I'll be ready at seven."

Elissa didn't follow her now normal routine on Saturday. She still woke up when she heard a door close somewhere downstairs, but the sun was almost completely over the horizon this morning. So instead of watching the sun rise with her first cup of coffee, she made a fresh pot and sat down and considered the past week.

She had slept soundly each day, not worrying about anything other than how to get through her riding lessons and avoiding physical contact with her handsome, sexy host. She had been living more this week, working harder, enjoying the days much more than she ever would have expected she could have. The work was tough, as was evidenced by her blistered and chapped hands, she thought as she stared down at the mess her hands had become. She was amazed at how little she cared, remembering how perfectly manicured her hands and nails used to be.

She didn't care about her hands except for the pain when she went riding, which was getting worse each day. Maybe Veronica could recommend something. She knew Ronny used to ride before she got pregnant. Elissa was probably just doing something wrong with the reigns, holding them incorrectly or too tightly. She considered asking Jake, but that would just confirm his perception of her as a pampered city girl. The perception wasn't too far off the mark, she thought, grimacing as she noted the soreness in her muscles from her daily horseback riding.

Back in New York, except for the long hours and the stress, she had pretty much everything done for her; A maid to clean her condo - which wasn't too difficult since Elissa was rarely ever there, restaurants that did all her cooking for her, a personal shopper that delivered a new outfit each month to her house and a secretary that helped with all the other personal details. Her firm believed that helping their employees with the personal aspect of their lives enabled them to work longer hours. They were right. The long hours turned into sixteen or eighteen hour days, six or seven days a week. The days and weeks blurred into years and Elissa looked back and realized she hadn't had a vacation in over three years.

Veronica found Elissa by the pool, sipping coffee. "What are you doing out here?" Veronica asked.

Elissa turned to smile up at her friend as she waddled across the patio. "Just enjoying the morning."

"Ah," Veronica replied. "You look like you are contemplating life," she said and sat down in the deck chair next to her and propped her hands over her belly.

Elissa chuckled. "Actually I am."

"And what problems have you solved?"

"Well, I haven't really solved any problems. But I've been able to determine what the problems are. I've been working too hard at something I genuinely hate doing," She said.

Veronica nodded sagely. "So what are you going to do about it?"

Elissa stared out at the magnificent Rocky Mountains and breathed in the fresh, clean air. "I don't know," she thought, not really wanting to solve her problems at this point but knowing she'd have to do something soon. "I hate living in New York. I'm sure there are wonderful people there, but I haven't run into them."

"You probably won't in your line of work. You take money and make more of it. That doesn't bring the most fascinating line of people into your office."

Elissa smiled at her friend's summation of her career choice. "I know. But I don't know what else to do."

"What do you like to do?"

Elissa thought for a moment. "I like numbers. I'm very good at it."

After a moment of silence, Veronica quietly said, "Jake hates doing the numbers part. He's asked me for help on several occasions, but with my full time job, I don't really have the time to help out as much as he needs."

Elissa nodded in agreement at Veronica's comment. "I've done all his accounting for the past several months," Elissa replied. "You're right. It was a mess. That man definitely knows how to run a ranch though. I can't believe how much money goes through this place."

"It's pretty astounding. I don't know how Jake keeps track of everything. But he knows what is happening on almost every inch of this place."

Elissa glanced at her friend, noting the odd way Veronica had phrased her statement. "What doesn't he know?"

Ronny shrugged. "I don't think he knows what is happening in his own house. He thanked me for cooking for him this past week. He said he's never tasted better," she said with a smile.

Ronny's comment filled Elissa with a warmth she hadn't known in years. Smiling brightly, she laughed. "He really said that?"

"Yep," Ronny said, nodding for emphasis.

"What did you say?"

"I didn't really have a chance. He was discussing something with Rick when I came out of the kitchen. He just thanked me and walked out the door. I would have said something, but my mouth was hanging open in shock that he didn't know it was you who was cooking all week."

"Why would he know?"

Veronica stared at her friend in surprise. "Why wouldn't he? Why didn't you tell him?"

Elissa brushed a petal off her leg that had just fallen from a nearby tree. "He's never around when I cook and he eats much later than we do, so I'm generally already upstairs in my room when he walks in. We really don't run into each other in the house."

Ronny eyed her friend suspiciously. "I'll grant that it's a huge house. With fifteen bedrooms, it pretty much qualifies as a mansion. But you two seem to know what the other is doing whenever you two are in it. Want to tell me something?"

Elissa blushed. "There's nothing to tell, I promise."

Ronny eyed Elissa suspiciously. "Uh-huh. Okay, you're secrets are yours. What would you like to do today? I don't have any papers to grade until tomorrow night."

"I have no idea. I've been getting into a routine of going to town to get groceries each morning. I get back here in time for my riding lessons with Jake, then I cook and clean all afternoon until you get home."

"You still have riding lessons with Jake?" Ronny said, an astonished look on her face.

"Yes, why?"

"So Jake has been teaching you all week?" she asked, laughing at the idea.

Elissa nodded. "What's so funny about that?" she asked, feeling like she was missing something significant.

Ronny threw back her head and laughed harder. "What's so funny about Jake taking the time to teach you how to ride? If you don't know the answer to that, you're in worse shape than I realized. But I'm guessing that everything will work out perfectly in the end. Come on, I feel a huge need to clean the baby's room. Can you help?"

They spent the rest of the morning cleaning her house from top to bottom. It was odd because whenever Elissa thought they were finished, Veronica came up with one more item that she desperately needed cleaned and off they went to scrub.

By lunchtime, Elissa called a halt. "Ronny, you could eat off the floors in this house. Let's take a break and go have some lunch," she said.

Veronica looked at her nice, clean kitchen and relented. "Okay, I guess we can clean the kitchen again afterwards."

Elissa laughed. "Oh, no we won't. Come on," she said, grabbing Veronica's hand and pulling her out of her house. "We're going up to Jake's. He's never there around this time of the day anyway so it will be safe."

"What do you mean by 'safe'?"

Elissa bit her lip, wondering how she was going to cover up that flub. She'd meant that it was a safe bet that they wouldn't run into Jake, but she didn't want to reveal that to Veronica. The woman was too perceptive already. "I meant that you won't care if it gets dirty," Elissa quickly fabricated.

"Oh, okay. You're right."

But as soon as they walked into the large kitchen, Veronica started cleaning the counter tops. "Sit," Elissa said, pointing to a chair.

"I'll just clean this one while you make us a sandwich." "Sit," Elissa repeated and pushed her gently into a chair. "Relax."

Elissa put Veronica's feet up on the chair next to her. "Your feet are all swollen. You know better than to push yourself this hard," she said.

Elissa turned and started pulling sandwich food out of the refrigerator. "How many sandwiches should I make?"

"Six or seven for me, darlin'" Rick said from immediately walked over to his wife and kissed her cheek. had a pretty rough night last night."

the kitchen doorway. He

"You taking it easy? You

Veronica nodded but didn't let go of his hand. "I'm okay."

"You need help with those sandwiches?" Jake said from behind her.

Elissa had seen him come through the door right behind Rick but had turned away, frightened by the feelings he stirred within her. She'd only seen him out at the barn in his dusty jeans and cowboy hat. She could barely breathe with him standing there so sexy, his leather gloves in one hand as he leaned against a cabinet, his arms crossed over his broad, muscular chest.

Elissa blushed, realizing that she was staring at him. She quickly looked down at the counter. "No, no. I can handle it. I'm sorry I've taken over your kitchen," she said, "but Ronny and I were cleaning and she didn't want to get her kitchen messy and since I'd been in here already so much, I didn't think you'd mind and I didn't think I'd be in your way..." she said, her voice trailing off. She was rambling and didn't know how to stop. If he would just stop staring at her with those dark, blue eyes of his. Good grief he was sexy, she thought.

"You're not in my way," he said, his deep voice was quiet and seemed to be a few inches closer than he was a moment ago.

"Oh," Elissa said breathily. "Well, I guess I'd better make lunch then."

Jake didn't reply, but his lips formed a soft smile.

Elissa grabbed the loaf of bread and made several sandwiches, piling on the meat and cheese for the men. They all sat down at the large kitchen table that looked out over the pool shimmering in the afternoon sunlight. Rick and Jake talked about the plans for the afternoon while Elissa and Veronica just munched on their food. Well, Elissa munched. Veronica gorged. She ate two sandwiches before she declared that she needed a nap.

Rick took one look at her face and rushed around the table to lift her up into his arms. "Why don't you just rest on the couch in here, Ronny?"

Veronica was almost asleep as soon as he picked her up so she nodded sleepily in response. Rick deposited his wife on Jake's extra large sectional sofa, then pulled a blanket over her already sleeping form.

When he walked back into the kitchen, he smiled at Elissa. "Want your riding lesson today?" he offered.

Elissa curled her blistered hands up, then hid them under the table so the men wouldn't see them. "No, I think I'll pass today."

"What's wrong with your hands?" Jake asked, already standing up to come around the table to take a look.

Elissa quickly stood up and grabbed the plates. "Nothing, I just think you two have better things to do than to teach me how to ride Jemima. The horse might need a break as well," she explained. A moment later the plates were taken out of her hands and Jake's large, callused hands were gently turning hers over so he could see the effects of the past week on her soft skin.

"Why didn't you tell me that your hands were like this?" he demanded, his eyes staring into hers.

Elissa tried to close her fingers over her palms but Jake wasn't having any of that. He pulled her fingers out again, examining the blisters in the middle of her palms. "Come on," he said and pulled her behind him out of the house.

"Where are we going?" she asked, almost running to keep up with him.

He didn't answer her but pulled her along all the way to the barn. There, he pulled a jar out of a cabinet at one end. He put a thick cream all over her hands, rubbing it into the blisters and cracked skin.

"I can do that," Elissa said.

He ignored her attempt to pull her hands away. "Stand still."

Elissa couldn't move even if she tried. The touch of his long fingers running along her hands was sending shivers through her entire body. He felt the first one and glanced into her eyes.

"Cold," she explained.

Jake raised one eyebrow as he noted the small perspiration forming on her forehead but he didn't comment. He continued to rub the soothing cream into her hands, gently massaging her palms and fingers.

Elissa thought it was one of the most erotic moments of her life. She was in a hay smelling barn, standing next to a big utility sink while a gorgeous, sexy cowboy rubbed what was probably horse cream on her hands and it didn't matter. Jakes touch was too sensual, too exciting.

All the cream had quickly disappeared into her skin but Jake continued to rub her hands. But the touch changed. The movements were no longer soft and minstrating. They were light and teasing, as if he were thinking about something other than her blisters now. Elissa's heartbeat tripled and her breathing became labored.

"That feels much better," she said, trying to pull her hands away again.

But he held them, more softly this time. "Why do you pull away whenever someone tries to touch you."

"I don't," she contradicted.

"You do with me. Why?"

Elissa couldn't tell him that his touch was too dangerous for her peace of mind. In her heart, she suspected that he was different from the other men she'd known in New York, but she wasn't willing to take the chance. She would rather be alone than to be treated that way by any man. She hated cheating, no matter what form it took. And with Jake, betrayal might actually mean more to her than just a slap in the face.

"I need to go help Ronny," she said, and took a step backwards. Once she had gained a few feet of space, she turned around, almost running out of the barn in her need to get away from Jake's magnetism.

"Are you ready?" Ronny said, waddling into the kitchen of Jake's house. Rick was right behind her and smiled as soon as he saw Elissa.

He whistled as he watched her walk into the room. At Veronica's urging, Elissa had borrowed an outfit. She was now wearing a red, cotton skirt that flew out around her legs when she twirled. She had a white button-down shirt tucked into the skirt and a denim jacket over that. On her feet were a pair of red cowgirl boots and a black Stetson on her head.

Elissa twirled to show off her new digs. "Do I look like I belong?" she asked, the skirt flying up around her legs as she spun.

"I don't know. Jake, what do you think?" Ronny asked, laughing at Elissa's eager expression.

Elissa almost tripped on her feet as she spun around to find Jake watching her in the doorway. He was leaning against the kitchen doorway, his eyes traveling from the top of her head down to her red boots, then back up to her face that was now flushed with color.

"I'd say she'll fit the part," he smiled. "Ready to go?" he asked and pushed away from the wall.

"You're coming too?" Elissa asked. If she'd known that, Elissa never would have agreed to come to the dance tonight. She definitely didn't want to watch Jake dancing in the arms of another woman but she didn't delve into that reasoning too much.

"Of course," Ronny laughed. "Practically the whole town shows up for these dances. It isn't much, but it's fun and we all have a good time. I promise," she said and put her hand through Elissa's arms to guide her out of the house.

"Are you driving Jake?" she called behind her.

"Yep," he said and pulled the keys off the hook in the kitchen. The two men followed closely behind the women and Veronica nudged Elissa into the front seat next to Jake while she and Rick took the back seat.

Elissa sat nervously in the front seat, letting Ronny and Rick do most of the talking. She tried to keep her eyes on the road, but her gaze kept straying to Jake's thigh clad in black jeans. She liked his hands as well and she noticed that his strong hand was hanging casually on the armrest between them. He laughed easily and talked about the latest activities from town that Ronny relayed to them. Elissa didn't know the people they were talking about but she liked to listen to their discussion. Or more to the point, she liked listening to Jake's deep voice with it's western accent and his easy banter. Was there anything about this man that didn't fascinate her, she wondered?

The drive to the dance took less than a half hour and Ronny was almost jumping up and down in her excitement to get inside and start dancing. Elissa laughed but remembered her friend's reasoning for dragging Elissa to the dance so Rick would have someone to dance with.

Elissa suspected that Ronny was doing a little matchmaking. Jake and Rick walked behind Elissa and Ronny, both chuckling over some private joke. As soon as they were inside, Ronny pulled Elissa over to a table already full of couples. "Everyone, this is my friend Elissa Stone," She said and introduced her to everyone at the table. There were several other couples, all of whom slid over to make room for the four new people.

Elissa was instantly brought into the conversation with the other women. They talked about babies and their men and Elissa could only listen and nod her head as if she understood. She didn't though. She had no idea what it was like to know a man so deeply that they could share teasing jokes about house chores and children together. Her eyes glanced up and searched out the one man she wanted to know more about. Just as she found him, he glanced over at her as well. Their eyes held for a long moment. Finally, he took a long swig of beer, then strolled over to where she was sitting. He put an arm around her chair. "Want to dance?" he asked.

"Oh, no. I don't know how," she said breathlessly.

"Well, then, I think a lesson is in order," he said and took her hand in his and pulled her onto the dance floor.

Elissa pulled back, not wanting to make a fool of herself. "Jake, really. I don't know how to dance well. I haven't done anything like this in years."

He pulled her into his arms, one hand behind her back, the other holding her hand in his strong one. "Just follow my lead," he said softly.

He gave her a short lesson on how to two-step off to the side of the other dancers. Once he felt like she had the hang of it, he swung her into the twirling other dancers. Elissa was overwhelmed at first. She had trouble concentrating on what she was supposed to do and where the other dancers were.

"Elissa, look at me," he said, loud enough for her to hear him over the loud country music.

Elissa instantly looked up at his strong features.

"Relax," he demanded. "Trust me."

Elissa didn't know if that was possible. She'd had so much experience not trusting men that his command was almost ridiculous. But she forced herself to pretend so he wouldn't yell at her again. She relaxed her shoulders and smiled up at him.

"That's better," he said and within moments, they were twirling around the room. Jake spun her in circles, dipped and tucked, backwards and forwards while Elissa just followed his lead, loving every moment of the dances. She had never felt so alive in her life and she laughed up into Jake's smiling eyes.

After several songs, the music slowed and Jake instantly pulled her closer, not releasing her from his embrace. The music swirled around their bodies, twining her feelings in his strong arms. Jake moved her hands up to his shoulders and she loved the way his body felt as it gently touched hers. Her fingers moved slightly on his shoulders and she could feel the muscles flex at her slightest movement.

Sighing deeply, Elissa wished that this night could last forever. Jake wasn't yelling at her, there wasn't any e-mail piling up, no clients demanding her attention and no brokerage firm demanding that she sacrifice her life and her intellect to their greed. All that was in the world was right here, in Jake's arms, his heart beating strongly under her fingertips.

Elissa woke to the sound of someone banging on her bedroom door. She rolled over, noted that it was still dark outside, then rolled back under the covers to go back to sleep. In her dreams, she was dancing slowly with Jake and he was bending down to kiss her, slowly moving his lips over hers, his tongue dancing within her mouth and his hands sliding down her waist, then back up again to cup her breasts.

A few minutes later, Jake was leaning over her bed, gently shaking her awake. "Elissa, wake up," he called to her.

"Mmmm, Jake," she moaned, still mostly asleep. She wasn't able to differentiate between her dreams and reality since both had the same thing happening. She pulled Jake closer and whispered a secret in his ear, then rolled back over, pulling the covers higher on her shoulder.

"Oh, darlin' if only you were awake enough to realize what you just said, you'd be in a world of trouble," he chuckled. He pulled the covers off her, instantly waking her up and sitting up in bed.

"What are you doing?" she demanded, instantly awake and reaching for the covers to pull back up over herself. She was only wearing a cotton camisole and bikini underwear to sleep in, both too revealing for Jake's all-knowing eyes.

"I'm sorry, Elissa. But you're a sound sleeper and Ronny needs you," he said and lifted her into his arms. "Come on darlin', we got to get you out of here before we both forget our priorities."

He carried her into the bathroom, "Ronny is going to have her baby tonight. You have fifteen minutes before we take off," he said and shut the door on her next question.

Elissa wanted to scream but then his words sunk into her sleep-drugged consciousness. Ronny was in labor! That realization spurred her to get moving. She took a five minute cold shower, cold only because she didn't want to wait for the hot water to reach the faucet, then quickly dressed in jeans and a tee-shirt. She pulled her hair back and ignored her make-up. She was hopping down the stairs, moving as quickly as she could while pulling on socks and tennis shoes.

"I'm ready," she said breathlessly to Jake who was standing at the bottom of the stairs, his hat in his hand, obviously ready to leave the moment she emerged.

"That was fast," he said. "I don't think I've ever met a woman who could be ready in less than ten minutes," he said as he put a hand on the small of her back to guide her out the door.

He lifted her into the truck, then came around to the driver's side. The truck raced along the road but not in the direction of the main street. Jake was driving towards an old barn that she'd thought was abandoned. "Where are we going?" she asked, her eyes wide with anxiety for Veronica.

"The helicopter," he said and braked right next to another Circle K ranch truck. Veronica was being helped out of the passenger side by Rick, who was practically carrying his wife towards a hulking black shadow.

"What helicopter?" Elissa asked, jumping out and running towards Veronica who was in the middle of a contraction.

Rick breathed a sigh of relief when Elissa ran up to them. "Thank goodness you made it. She's been having contractions for the past two hours. They're now about seven minutes apart."

Elissa looked at her friend, noting the white lips that were trying to smile. "Ronny, just breathe. You can make it through this, don't worry."

Jake herded all of them into a black helicopter, then jumped into the pilot's seat. They were airborne minutes later and Elissa was holding her breathe, gripping the seat with white-knuckled hands. She had never been in a helicopter before and she wasn't sure she liked it.

She stared at Jake's profile as he flew the helicopter through the dark sky. He spoke into a microphone several times, apparently with the hospital letting them know that they were on their way.

Fifteen minutes later, three of them were disembarking from the helicopter. Elissa was grateful to be back on solid ground but one look at Veronica and she knew something was wrong.

They were immediately hustled into the hospital where Veronica was put onto a bed and hooked up to monitors.

Rick took Elissa's hand and held it tightly for a moment, his worried eyes looking into hers. "You take over, Elissa," he said fervently. "I can't watch. Make sure she's okay," he said nervously, watching his wife get rolled down the hallway to the labor and delivery room.

Elissa watched for only a moment before turning back to Rick. "Are you sure you don't want to be there with her? She'll probably feel safer with you in there rather than me."

"No, Ronny would be better off with you. Please take care of her. She's all I got," he said, running both hands through his hair.

Elissa followed Veronica down the hallway, running to catch up with her. They put her onto a bed and re-hooked the monitors while the doctor examined her.

"Well, it looks like you're having a couple of babies tonight," she said sleepily.

Elissa was a little taken aback by the obstetrician's casual manner, but reminded herself that she did this for a living and it probably wasn't as life altering as what the new mom was going through.

Veronica was five centimeters dilated already, she announced. "But with a first baby, this could still take a while. The contractions will start to be a little more intense and will come sooner. If you'd like an epidural, just let me know. You can have it at any time now."

"Now!" Veronica demanded, gritting her teeth as another contraction came upon her. Elissa held her friend's hand, watching the monitor that showed the intensity of the contraction.

"This one's over, Ronny, just hang on for another second," Elissa said.

A moment later, Veronica leaned back on the pillows, her face already beaded with sweat. "Okay, I think that one's done," she said and relaxed for another minute.

About fifteen minutes later, the anesthesiologist came in and administered the epidural. Elissa almost passed out when the doctor stuck the long needle into her friend's spinal cord but the relief on Veronica's face when the pain killer reached her system helped Elissa deal with the light-headedness.

The sun was just peeking over the horizon when the contractions started coming faster. They were two minutes apart, then one minute, each coming on top of the next. The doctor shook her head at one point and announced she was only nine centimeters dilated.

Elissa wanted to hit the woman as she walked out of the room, telling Ronny that everything was okay and she only had a little while longer before it would be time to push.

"Lissy, I can't do this much longer," Ronny said, breathing heavily. A moment later, another contraction took over and she had to sit up to roll with the pain. "Why isn't the epidural helping anymore?" Elissa asked the nurse.

The nurse smiled compassionately. "We could up the dosage, but then it would be too hard for her to push when the time comes. It needs to start wearing off so she can feel the contractions."

Elissa nodded, but didn't really understand.

"Rick!" Veronica cried, when the next contraction took over. "I want Rick. Please Ronny, get him in here. I'm scared." Her friend was gasping for breath and holding Elissa's hand as if she were trying to break all the bones. The sweat was now dripping down Veronica's face and her hair hung limply around her white, anxious face.

When the latest contraction slowed down, Elissa wiped Veronica's face with a cool washcloth. "I'll be right back," Elissa said and pried her fingers out of Veronica's hands.

Elissa calmly left the labor and delivery room but once she was outside, she sprinted to the waiting room in search of Rick. She found him leaning his head up against a window, his face white with the stress of the situation.

"Rick, Veronica needs you. She's asking for you."

"What's wrong?" he asked immediately.

Elissa took his hands to calm him down. "Nothing is wrong, it is a first baby so it is taking a while. But you have to listen to me," she said earnestly. "She's scared and is asking for you. You have to go in there and finish this out."

He was already shaking his head by the time she finished her sentence. "I can't. I won't know what to do. I'll just make things worse," he said, backing up a few paces.

Elissa had spent the past ten hours helping Veronica wrestle with her pain and fear. She was tired and wanted her friend's ordeal to end as soon as possible. So she didn't have much compassion for the man standing in front of her. Without a conscious thought, she started yelling at the man. "Listen here, Rick. Your wife needs you. She's in pain trying to deliver your children. She's asking for you and needs your help and support desperately so you just pull yourself together and get your butt down that hall and into the delivery room." By the end, she was screaming at Rick and pointing towards the delivery room.

Rick stared at her for about three seconds. Then he handed his hat to Elissa and sprinted down the hallway towards his wife.

Elissa let out her breath and collapsed into a chair, still holding Rick's hat in her hands.

It wasn't until she noticed the silence that she looked up and noticed Jake. He had been standing beside the window, one shoulder leaning against the wall. His face showed his admiration and Elissa flushed. She hadn't even looked around to see if there would be witnesses to her tirade.

"I'm sorry," she said softly, sincerely shocked that she had yelled at a man who was as nervous as Rick had been.

"Sorry for what?" he asked, pushing away from the wall and coming towards her. He sat down in the chair next to her, stretching his jean clad legs out in front of him. "I've been telling him that for hours. He just didn't listen until you shouted it."

Elissa chuckled. "I didn't shout."

Jake shook his head. "You shouted. Good and loud. I'm sure there are several other men around her that are right back beside their wives right now, thinking you were shouting at them."

Elissa giggled. The giggle turned to a laugh. And then her fatigue took over and she started laughing in earnest at the scene she had just created. She laughed so hard she had to grab her stomach in pain and tears were streaming down her face.

Once the laughter subsided, she nodded. "Okay, so I yelled. But it worked."

Jake chuckled and nodded. "That it did. Is Ronny okay?" he asked, concern evident in his tone.

Elissa nodded. "The doctor doesn't seem concerned. She's nine centimeters dilated, or she was about an hour ago. So it could happen any minute now," she said, looking out the window.

There was silence for a few minutes while they each were absorbed in their own thoughts.

"Where did you park the helicopter?" she asked.

Jake laughed. "There isn't a helicopter parking lot. I flew it back to the ranch and picked up the truck. We only use it for emergencies like this or to find the cattle during round-up," he explained. "I noticed you weren't thrilled with the ride. Do you not like flying?"

Elissa shook her head. "It's not that. I've just never been in one before and it wasn't like being in a plane. It might take a little getting used to," she said. "Want to learn to fly it?" he asked.

Elissa turned her head and looked at his face, trying to determine if he was serious. "You would teach me how to fly after my initial horseback riding lesson? I can tell you I know less about flying helicopters than I do riding horses."

Jake dropped his head back onto the plastic chair. "God help me, then."

Elissa laughed at his pained expression. "I wasn't that bad, was I?"

She heard his chest rumble in laughter. "Darlin', you were almost going backwards," he joked.

"I did not," she contradicted. "Just around in circles...I think."

Jake's laughter was contagious and she found herself in his arms, laughing at the memory of her first riding lesson.

Three days later, the babies and Veronica were released from the hospital and life was slowly coming down to a routine for everyone again. Jake dragged himself into the kitchen, wondering what he would find to eat. He was disappointed that the lavish feasts he had gotten used to over the past two weeks were at an end now that Ronnie was in the hospital. The thought of slapping together a sandwich almost discouraged him enough to ignore the pain of hunger digging in his stomach. But then he realized he might as well get used to it. He wasn't likely to get anything more.

With a deep sigh, he opened the steel door of the refrigerator and peered inside.

He had to blink to make sure his eyes were not deceiving him. He was bone tired and so hungry he could eat the stuffing out of one of the sofa pillows so he didn't trust that his eyes were really seeing good food. Was that really another plate full of home cooked food?

He tentatively reached for the plate, waiting for the mirage to disappear. Sure enough, it was real. The plastic wrap covering the pot pie crinkled slightly with his touch.

He pulled the large bowl out of the refrigerator and took a sniff, suspecting this might be a leftover from months ago when he'd had a temporary cook help out. Bracing himself, he lifted the wrapping and took a cautious sniff. Surprisingly, it didn't repulse him. In fact, it made his mouth start salivating. The odors coming from the bowl were carrots, celery, chicken and some spices he couldn't identify. Pulling the bowl out, he looked around the kitchen, waiting for someone to pounce on him for stealing their meal.

Who in the world made this? A slender, sexy brunette popped into his mind but he quickly dismissed Elissa as the cook. She'd already admitted that she'd ordered most of her meals from restaurants while in New York so he had assumed she didn't like to cook.

He heated the pot pie up in the microwave oven, then carried the meal to the family room, taking a seat on the large leather sofa to savor his meal. But as soon as he sat down, another smell wafted to his nose.

Was that lemon?

What in the world would smell like lemon? Jake looked around the room and noticed subtle changes. The windows were cleaned of dust, the furniture was polished to a high gloss and the cream and brown area rug covering the well beaten wood floors was freshly vacuumed. Who in the world had cleaned his house? This room hadn't had a good cleaning for almost six months but now it was smelling like lemon furniture polish and vanilla. Again, Elissa's image popped into his mind but he quickly dismissed it again as a possibility. She didn't seem like the type to get down and dirty cleaning someone else's house.

He reminded himself that he had misjudged her several times already. He had assumed that Ronny's friend would be a spoiled, New York City gal that couldn't do anything for herself, preferring to be waited on hand and foot.

Besides the first three days after she'd arrived, she hadn't asked anyone to do anything for her that he knew of. And she was always up right after he left the house. He knew that because he watched for her from the barn. Jake had tried for a few days to ignore his mind's pull to watch her graceful form as she walked around the ranch, but after a while, he gave in to the voyeuristic pleasure. She walked like she was dancing, seeming to walk on her tip-toes.

He found himself watching her whenever she was out of the house. And he didn't deny that he enjoyed it when he found her inside the house. A lascivious grin settled on his face as he remembered her luscious body fitting itself to his for several memorable kisses.

Stop thinking along those lines, Jake, old boy. He shifted uncomfortably on the sofa as his body instantly reacted to the memory of their few kisses. How could such a petite, delicate wisp of a woman make his body react just at the memory of her body?

Jake shook his head at his wandering mind and dug into the chicken pot pie, discovering that one of his old favorites was even better than he remembered it. There were so many vegetables and chicken in the flakey crust, there was almost no room for the creamy soup. He ate every bite in the bowl, then sat back against the worn leather couch satisfied but still confused.

Then he looked around the room. He didn't really understand why, but he felt more comfortable in the room tonight. There was definitely something about the room that was different but he couldn't put his finger on it.

"What the hell is going on here?" he thought, sitting up again. He glanced at the coffee table and noticed that most of the little nick knacks that had once been there were gone. Looking at the shelves, he saw all of them neatly arranged against the books. His eyes roamed over the other surfaces and, sure enough, all of them were cleared of the irritating clutter. Nothing was missing. But everything was moved to a more pleasing position, grouped to form interesting areas around the room instead of resembling clutter covering all horizontal surfaces.

"Who the hell is doing all this?" he said to the air.

Standing up, he walked through the large room, noting the small details that his mind had not taken in until now. The room was definitely clean and smelled fresh. Everything was dusted and polished. Walking into the living room, he realized that it was the same. All of his mother's china was neatly stacked in the shelves, the silver polished and shining in the dim light, the old, weathered candles replaced with new ones in the wall sconces.

He walked from room to room, noting the slight changes that went beyond just a thorough scrubbing and polishing. The house seemed to shine and small things were rearranged in a more pleasing way. Jake hadn't ever realized how much stuff his mother had collected until it was all moved to one area.

Going into his office, he pulled back the large leather chair and forced himself to go through the ledger. He pulled the stack of bills forward and picked up the first one.

Jake punched in some numbers on his computer and the appropriate screen came up. But the invoice was already booked into the correct line. He picked up the next one and, sure enough, that one was also booked.

Scrolling to the bottom of the ledger, he scanned the file and was relieved to note that all the invoices had been booked and were catalogued appropriately. They were even showing as being paid.

Annie must have come by again without him seeing her. She'd done a great job. Usually, he had to make several corrections once the accountant had gone through and paid all the bills but this time she'd gotten everything right.

With a sigh of relief, he sat back and ran through the numbers at the end of the spreadsheet. He was in better shape than he'd thought. The orders for the fresh supplies and grain were at the bottom and even those had been ordered. The reason for the increase in cash flow was in the smaller order. He played with a few numbers and was satisfied that Annie had done the correct order.

That was strange. Annie usually didn't bother with supply orders. She only logged in the invoices and made sure they were set up to be paid.

Jake's mind snapped to the little woman with disturbing blue eyes and tiny, blistered hands. He knew that she'd been in school with Ronny and had studied math. Could she have done all this?

Jake looked at the clock. It was only eight o'clock. He had been planning on working for several hours going over these invoices. But since they were all done, he had nothing to do.

He wandered out to the patio and spotted exactly what he had been hoping to find. The mystery woman herself, sitting on a deck chair staring at the stars.

With a purposeful stride, he walked straight through the family room and quietly stepped onto the patio.

"I was wondering about something," a deep voice said from behind her.

Elissa jumped and almost fell out of her chair. She'd heard Jake go into his office and was sure he'd be in there for hours. She had felt safe wandering out to watch the stars, amazed at how bright they were when there wasn't a layer of smog and mile after mile of street lights and building lights to blur their brilliance.

"What are you wondering about?" she asked, once she'd caught her breath.

"Well, there are some strange things going on around here and I thought you might be able to solve the mystery."

"What's the mystery?" she asked, trying to keep the quiver out of her voice. Why did she always get so nervous when he was around? And why did he have to be so tall and muscular? She watched him with wary eyes as he walked in front of her and leaned against a patio table, crossing his arms over his chest.

"For one thing, I thought Ronny was making all those meals for you and I was just benefiting from the leftovers. But seeing as how she's still in the hospital and Rick is with her, that throws a wrench into that answer."

Elissa sat quietly still. Was he angry that she'd been using his kitchen? She had grown to love cooking but she'd give it up if she was irritating him. Maybe she hadn't cleaned the counters or had left a mess somewhere. Was he angry? She couldn't tell. His face was in the shadows. The only part of him that was in the light was his muscular thighs encased in tight jeans and his black cowboy boots.

"Nothing to say?" he hesitated for a moment, waiting for her reply. When she didn't answer his unspoken question, he went on. "And then there's the house that is cleaned. You wouldn't know anything about that, would you?"

"What's wrong with a clean house?" she asked, unsure of his mood.

"Nothing. In fact, I even like the changes. Makes it feel much cozier, less cluttered. Don't you agree?"

If she said yes, he might find out that she was the one that had moved everything. So she remained silent.

"But really, the most interesting discovery is that all my books are up to date and the supplies ready to be ordered. All I needed to do was push the 'send' button and the order was placed. That's really a miracle, let me tell you," he said, his voice ending in a slightly stronger twang than normal.

"Are you angry?" she asked, looking down at the cement.

"Angry?" Jake repeated. "Well, that's an interesting question. I'm not sure exactly what I'm thinking until you confirm my suspicions."

There was a long silence while she waited for him to clarify his suspicions.

He walked over to her chair and leaned down, his face in the light and she could see his eyes clearly now. They were on fire but not with anger. It was some emotion she was too nervous to define. She pushed herself back in the chair, no escape available to her with his arms trapping her in her seat.

"Are you cooking the meals every night?"

"No," she said honestly.

He didn't say a word but one eyebrow went up.

"I cook them during the day while Ronny was at school," she whispered.

"And the cleaning?"

"In the afternoons."

"And the ledgers?"

Elissa shrugged her shoulders but wouldn't look him in the eye. She stared at the top button of his shirt instead. "I was cleaning your office. The desk was piled high. It drove me nuts to see all that clutter. So I took care of it."

Jake's eyes widened. He shook his head slightly as he asked, "You didn't like the clutter so you took care of it."

Elissa nodded her head, getting irritated with his continuous stare.

"How long did it take you?" he demanded. "It was weeks worth of invoices that had been stacked up."

"Only a few hours," she said. "Figuring out your system was a little bit of a challenge but once I understood what you needed, it was pretty simple."

Jake laughed quietly. "You understand that I dread doing that each week and you're prettily sitting there telling me that it was simple? Darlin' are you trying to get a job offer out of me?"

He took her hands and gently pulled her up to stand next to him, pulling her closer to him when she tried to pull away. "You're more of a mystery than I realized. You've been cooking, cleaning and doing my accounting for me for the past two weeks, haven't you?"

Elissa pulled back, tired of being intimidated by him. "Well, there wasn't much to do while Ronny was working. I need to keep busy."

"I thought you were a stock broker. Don't you have investments to handle and personal matters to deal with?"

Elissa turned her back to him and moved over to the fence. Jake followed and stood next to her. It took her a long time to reply, but she finally admitted. "I hate my job."

"Why?"

"It's useless."

Jake nodded. "So you don't like making rich people richer?"

Elissa laughed. "Don't sound so disdainful. I did your books. You're an extremely wealthy man, Jake. You have more money than all of my clients put together."

"Money isn't everything."

Elissa sighed. "I know. But what is?"

Jake shook his head. "I don't know." They stood at the fence, staring out at the stars, both deep in their own thoughts for a long time.

Jake finally broke the silence. "Thank you."

"For what?"

"For the meals. For cleaning the house. And most definitely for logging in all those numbers."

Elissa laughed. "You're welcome. Can I keep doing it?" she asked. She was suddenly embarrassed. "I mean, until I go home again. I'm not sure how long Ronny will need me...but, I guess she might need some help for a while," she finished off hopefully.

"You're a great cook. And I'd appreciate anything you can do for the books. I hate computers and I hate crunching numbers. I'll pay you what I paid Annie."

"Who is Annie?" Elissa didn't like the stab of jealousy she felt when the other woman's name came off Jake's lips so easily

Jake's smile was bright as he heard the anger in her voice. "No need to get jealous. Annie is just a woman who comes in every once in a while to load the costs into the computer. She's happily married and just gave birth to her fourth child. That's why she hasn't been out in a while."

Elissa's chin went up slightly. "I'm not jealous," she exclaimed, but the words didn't ring true even to her ears.

Jake moved closer. "I think you are," he said.

"No, I'm not," she declared and stopped retreating. "You can see whoever you like. I don't care."

Jake's hand reached out so quickly she didn't know how it happened but the next moment, she was sitting on the top fence post, and Jake was standing between her knees. The intimate position made Elissa gasp. "Let me down," she demanded.

"Not yet. I want you," he said. "And I think if you were completely honest with me, you'd admit that you want me just as intensely."

"No!"

Jake leaned forward slightly and kissed the pulse at the base of her neck. He moved up to her ear, nibbling at her earlobe, then made his way across her neck, her jaw line, kissing her everywhere but her mouth.

As soon as Jake touched her skin, she was lost in a sensuous haze. He seemed to have total control of her body and all Elissa could do was hold on to his shoulders. Her body seemed to have a mind of its own and her body leaned into his, her breasts feeling the hard muscle of his chest, her legs tightening around his waist, telling him without words that she wanted him to continue.

Elissa gasped when she felt his hands touch her bare skin under her tee-shirt. But her body instantly reacted and at the same time Jake's hand closed over her breast, his mouth covered hers in a passionate kiss that made her dizzy. She moaned in the back of her throat, her arms pulling him closer and her back arched against his hand when his thumb found her nipple underneath the lace of her bra.

A voice in the back of Jake's head told him to stop but her moans were driving him to distraction. He had never felt this kind of urge to posses a woman. It was raw, overwhelming and he didn't want it to stop. He didn't want to stop touching her either. She was so responsive. Each place he touched elicited either a moan or a gasp and it fogged his brain so he searched out the next place, needing her response like a drug.

His erection ached and he could feel the warmth of her through his jeans. He wanted this tiny woman more than he'd ever wanted anyone else. His other hand moved up to cup her left breast, finding the nipple already hard and waiting for him and the realization that she wanted him as much as he did threw him over the edge.

Jake was about to pick her up and carry her inside to the couch when he heard the kitchen door open and close. He didn't want to acknowledge the interruption but the voice calling his name was persistent and sounded urgent.

"Jake? You in here?" a voice called out from the family room. The sound penetrated Elissa's brain a moment later and she looked around, trying to figure out where she was and what was happening. Jake was pulling her shirt down and holding onto her waist, his broad shoulders hiding her from the person now stepping out onto the pool patio.

"What's up, Jimmy?" Jake asked, his voice deeper than usual.

"Oh," the intruder said, only just realizing that Elissa was behind Jake. "Sorry boss. But there's a problem in the barn. One of the pregnant mares is having a bit of a problem."

"Okay, I'll be there in a minute," Jake said.

"Sure thing," Jimmy said and quickly turned around to head back the way he'd come.

Elissa pushed against Jake's shoulders so she could jump down off the fence but he wouldn't budge. Once the man was gone, Jake turned back to face her, only then letting her jump down but holding her waist firmly but gently.

"I'm sorry, Elissa. I have to go see what the problem is. We'll finish this later."

Elissa stepped back and out of his hands. "No, please. This can't happen again. I don't..." She tried to step around him but Jake wouldn't let her.

He grabbed her waist and bent down to kiss her hard on her mouth. She fought it for only a moment before her lips softened and her body sagged against his. Only then did he lift his mouth from hers. "We will finish this," he said, then walked away, stepping out of the pool area and striding quickly towards the barn.

Elissa leaned back against the fence and watched him. How could he have that kind of control over her body and mind, she wondered, her hungry eyes watching his broad shoulders and long legs eat up the space between the house and the barn.

Who was he anyway? He was such a mystery to her. He didn't act like the type of men she'd known in New York. But was that enough for her to take a chance?

She shivered, remembering his hands touching her body and how easily he could make her forget where they were. She shook her head and walked into the house. No - definitely not worth taking a risk on Jake. He probably had this effect on any woman he came across. She'd seen the other women in town and how they flocked to him. She didn't need that kind of frustration.

Her body definitely wanted Jake. But what would happen if she allowed him to make love to her? Men needed variety. Would she be able to handle watching Jake with another woman? Could she just forget what he made her feel?

No way. Things were fine just the way they were, she told herself. She needed to figure out what she wanted to do with the rest of her life and then she'd be more centered. Hadn't she climbed through the ranks in New York? She was one of the youngest executives. Surely once she knew what she wanted to do for the rest of her life, this silly thing with Jake would go away. Elissa convinced herself that Jake was just a transitional person in her life and she needed to get back on track or get hurt by her life's confusion.

Elissa wandered into the barn the next day. She knew everyone was extremely busy. There were several mares that were due to give birth any day now and one was having problems.

She didn't want to bother anyone but she wanted to say hello to Jemima. She knew it was a silly feeling but she actually missed the gentle horse. Elissa felt as if she and the horse had formed some sort of indefinable bond over the past two weeks. Rick and Jake and a few other ranch hands were walking out of the second barn when she reached Jemima's stall.

The two barns were side by side and, because of the early summer heat, the doors were wide open. Rick waved to her as he passed by the door which drew Jake's attention to Elissa. She wasn't sure, but she thought that his eyes did a double take when he realized where she was heading. Jake stopped and listened to whatever Rick was telling him and Elissa pulled her gaze away from his body and continued on towards the sweet horse waiting for her.

"Hello! How are you doing today?" Elissa soothed as she opened the gate to Jemima's stall. "Were you waiting for me? I'm sorry I wasn't out to see you yesterday. I'm not sure when I'm going to be able to start my lessons again."

She continued to talk to the horse as she offered Jemima the apple she'd brought from the kitchen. The horse immediately took a large bite of the apple, taking half of it in her mouth and chomping while Elissa spoke soothing words and patted her neck.

Jake watched as Elissa walked into the barn, wondering why she was heading in there. She'd avoided the barn ever since their kiss by the pool. He knew she'd been avoiding him. Each time he'd found a few minutes to himself, he tried to find her and question her on why she was avoiding him. But he hadn't been able to find her and had been called back to ranch problems.

He smiled wickedly as he watched her slip into Jemima's stall. She was on his turf now. He listened with only half an ear as Rick talked about a problem with the fences on the south border. But he didn't want to hear about the problems. There was only one problem he wanted to address, or more specifically undress, and she was trapped in the barn right at the moment.

The terrified scream came from the direction Elissa had just headed and Jake's heart dropped into his stomach. His body reacted quickly, sprinting down the center of the first barn.

His next vision was Elissa running out of the stall where Jemima was housed, her hair flying behind her, then crossing over her face as she glanced backwards.

Jake was still running towards her but the sight of her eased some of the fear he'd felt. At least she was okay, if still terrified of something.

Jake grunted when she ran right into his arms, her legs wrapping around his waist and her body pressing against his. He grabbed her, holding her in the most convenient place given her current position; both of his hands held her steady, his fingers curving around her bottom.

Her arms were strong, he realized as he tried to pull her back to find out what had scared her. "Elissa, what's wrong?" he asked, his voice soothing.

"In there," she pointed to the stall. "Something big....huge....scary...I don't know what. It's in there," she said, shaking her finger at the stall. "Help Jemima!"

Jake nodded, his mind already a little fuzzy with her sexy body pressed against his. "Okay, okay," he soothed. "But you'll have to let go of me so I can see what's wrong."

"No!" she said, wrapping her arms around his neck tightly. "You can't go in there! I don't know what it is."

"Dan, go see what's wrong," Jake said, still holding Elissa close, enjoying the feeling of her body against his but also noting that she barely weighed anything.

Dan smothered a smile at his boss's expression and the little woman's admonishment that Jake couldn't investigate the danger. "Sure thing, Jake."

"It's huge and brown!" Elissa explained, worried that the man might be hurt. "Be careful." She pushed her body away from Jake's slightly so she could get down, but turned around to watch Dan, pressing her back against Jake's chest, her fingers unknowingly clutching at his thighs.

Jake's body had already reacted to Elissa when she'd jumped into his arms. But now, having her bottom pressed up against his groin and her hands touching his thighs, perilously close to his aching need, he had to concentrate hard so the others wouldn't see how she was affecting him. His arm had already moved protectively around her waist, but now he held her to hold her in place as well as to protect her from whatever was in the stall.

The ranch hand poked his head around the stall and tipped his head back. Elissa wondered a moment later when he turned back around calmly instead of running away. By the look of amusement he was trying to suppress, she knew she'd made a fool of herself again. Dan tipped his hat back and rubbed his hand over his mouth. Elissa could see that laughter in his eyes and knew he was trying to be polite.

Dan reached for a shovel and headed back into the stall. A moment later, he came back out. On the end of the shovel was a very small, very brown animal that looked to be terrified of all the commotion.

Elissa watched as the man carried the baby beaver out of the barn. At the door, he lowered the shovel and the small brown ball of fur scurried off in the direction of the trees.

The other ranch hands who had come running at her scream slowly moved off, some of them chuckling, others just politely tipping their hats at Elissa, nodding to Jake. One or two of them patted Jake on the shoulder as they left Elissa alone in the barn with Jake.

Elissa couldn't deal with the looks so she kept her gaze on the ground, crossing her arms over her chest and shuffling some hay on the floor with the toe of her boot.

Behind her Jake laughed softly. "Are you okay?"

Elissa smiled, knowing she had made a fool of herself and grateful Jake wasn't going to point out that fact. "Yes. I think so. Jemima might not let me ride her again though."

Jake went into the stall and patted the horse's flanks. "Oh, I don't know. I think she understands you were pretty concerned about her. Even though you got rid of her companion.

Elissa laughed with him this time. "Okay, you can say it. I'm an idiot."

Jake turned back to see her face flushed with red. "You're beautiful."

Elissa's head snapped up at that comment, her eyes meeting his in the dim light of the barn. "Don't say things like that," she said and started turning away.

He only let her get one stall away before he grabbed her from behind and hauled her into the empty stall filled only with loose hay.

"What are you doing?"

"I'm stopping you from running away from me. I want to talk to you but whenever I'm free, you're no where to be found."

"Jake, I really need to get back to the house. I need to help Ronny"

"Why? Rick says the babies sleep at this time. And if the babies are sleeping, Ronny is probably also sleeping since you do everything else for her. You're a good friend."

"Thank you," she said, embarrassed by his praise.

"So if Ronny is sleeping, the babies are sleeping, why don't you stay here and tell me why you are running away from me?"

Elissa turned and walked towards the gate. "I'm not running away from you." He put a strong arm over her shoulder, holding the stall door closed. "Yes you are. So let me suggest a reason," he said softly in her ear.

"Jake, please, let me go."

"You are terrified of what I can make you feel and you avoid me because when we're close, we can't seem to keep our hands off each other. How's that? Pretty accurate?"

Elissa wouldn't answer and she wouldn't face him. She kept her gaze down on the floor of the barn, refusing to acknowledge him or his words.

"Why Elissa? We could be so good together."

"No!"

Jake spun her around and anchored an arm on either side of her head, his body pinning hers to the stall door. "Yes!" he countered a moment before his mouth swooped down onto hers.

Elissa couldn't reply even if she wanted to. At his first touch, her mind stopped functioning and all she could think about was Jake's mouth, his hands as they held her waist, pulling her closer so her whole body was flush against his.

When he felt her arms go around his neck, pulling him close, Jake swung her up in his arms and carried her over to the pile of hay. His hands immediately moved up from her waist, his hands resting just below her breast. When her body arched towards him, his hand moved higher and he was rewarded with her gasp as his fingers found her hardened nipple.

Elissa wanted more. She put her hands on both sides of his head and held him there for their kiss, desperately needing something but not knowing what. Her body seemed to come alive each time he touched hers and when she ran away from him, she ached to finish whatever it was he could offer.

Somehow Jake had undone the buttons on her shirt. The front clasp of her bra was quickly dispensed with. Elissa was only vaguely aware of the cooler air against her bare breast but nothing penetrated the passion she was feeling. Her body writhed under Jake's hands and when his hot mouth closed over her nipple, Elissa almost yelled with the pleasure his mouth was inflicting.

Muted voices at the other end of the barn called to another ranch hand and both Jake and Elissa froze.

Elissa buried her face in Jake's neck as they heard the two people talking as they walked down the center aisle of the barn. Both were discussing the work they were tasked to do, one obviously a supervisor and the other questioning if he should take a truck out or one of the horses. The voices passed by the stall they were in and moved on down the barn, eventually fading to nothingness.

Once they were alone again, Jake pulled Elissa up and she pulled her shirt closed. Jake ran fingers through his hair and pulled hay out of hers while she re-clasped her bra and buttoned her shirt.

"Elissa, meet me tonight to talk," Jake said. It was an order and not a request.

Elissa nodded her head, willing to say anything to get out of this stall with a little dignity left. She had literally thrown herself into Jake's arms a half hour ago albeit because she was scared. But she couldn't believe how quickly things got out of hand when they were alone together.

She pulled the gate opened and rushed out into the barn. She controlled her pace, wanting to run all the way to Ronny's house but knowing that Jake would think she was running away, which was exactly what she was doing. But when she left the barn and the sun hit her full in the face, she took off running, unable to control the urge to put as much space between herself and Jake as possible.

Jake followed her out of the stall more slowly, his body needing time to cool off before he faced any of the other ranch employees. He walked out of the barn and watched the slim figure break into a run and shook his head. He didn't understand someone who was so terrified of something so incredible. Didn't she understand that what they had together was rare? He knew she felt the same feelings he had. She ignited in his arms at the very first touch and it just kept getting more and more intense. If they didn't do something about this attraction, they were going to spontaneously ignite.

Was she so attached to her job in New York that she couldn't consider a life outside of it? He didn't think that was the case. When she first arrived at the ranch, she looked like the walking dead. She had been so thin a slight breeze might have knocked her over.

Now, her curves were still slim but they were sexier, fuller. He crossed his arms over his chest and enjoyed watching Elissa's bottom in her jeans and his body hardened again, not that it had ever left that state. Hell, he'd been in a constant state of semiarousal since he'd picked her up at the airport. Except for the times when she was in his arms. Then there was no semi about it. He was rock hard ready for that dainty lady.

"Whatcha doing for dinner tonight, boss?" Rick said, walking up beside Jake and plucking a piece of straw from his shoulder.

"Working, I guess," Jake responded, not bothering to take his eyes off Elissa until she disappeared behind one of the ranch buildings.

Rick reached up and took another piece of straw out of Jake's hair. "Well, I'm thinking you haven't been over to the house for dinner in a while. Might be interesting if you came on by."

"What are you getting at, Rick?" Jake said, sighing and turning away to head back towards the truck. He needed to get out to the south border and check on the herd.

"I'm just saying that I think it isn't a good idea for Elissa to be walking back to the main house each night alone."

"She's staying where she is, dammit" Jake snapped. He didn't understand why, but the idea of not having Elissa under his roof made him lose his cool.

Rick held up his hands. "Whoa! Not even suggesting anything different. I'm just saying that you seem to disappear pretty often lately and reappear more frustrated. Maybe if you knew where your query was when you started the search, you'd be able to stay with her to work out whatever it is you two need to work out."

Jake was amazed by his friend's perceptiveness. And he appreciated the offer of dinner so he could make sure to have a chance to talk with Elissa tonight. He'd make sure they talked too. He would stay several feet away from her so he could get some answers to the questions brewing in his head.

He punched Rick on the arm, indicating without words both an apology and a thanks for the offer. "What time?"

"Seven o'clock.. Michael gets pretty cranky until that time and we take turns walking him while the others eat. It gets a little nuts but there's always the possibility that he'll be good tonight."

Jake laughed. "I'll be there."

Instead of taking the truck and driving to the south border, he slammed the door shut and headed in the direction of the helicopter. He'd have the task done in half the time. He wouldn't be able to see some of the problems Rick mentioned earlier, but he'd be able to assess the situation and still get back in time for dinner tonight.

Elissa looked out the window of Ronny's house and saw the helicopter take off. Jake was in the pilot's seat, sunglasses shading his eyes. She knew she should feel some relief knowing that he was probably going to be gone for several hours, possibly overnight if he had to go somewhere that required the helicopter.

But she admitted that she was disappointed. There was something about being with Jake that made the air crackle with energy. He dominated the room he was in and there was an air of authority that surrounded him. The combination was quite an aphrodisiac. Add in his broad shoulders and all those muscles and Elissa knew that she was doomed.

"What are you thinking about?" Ronny asked, coming up behind Elissa, her arms laden with Maxine.

Elissa turned to face her friend and picked up Michael who was waving his arms in front of his face. Holding the tiny baby close to her chest, she sat down in the arm chair and smiled, making faces while she considered how much to tell Ronny.

"Why hasn't Jake ever married?"

"I don't know," Ronny shifted Maxine and took a seat on the couch facing Elissa. "I guess he's just never found the right woman."

"Is he dating anyone?"

"Besides you?"

Elissa's eyes snapped up to look at Ronny. "Jake and I aren't dating."

"Not in the traditional sense. But you'd have to be an idiot not to feel the electricity between the two of you."

Elissa didn't like the fact that she couldn't hide her feelings. "Is it that obvious?"

Ronny laughed. "Are you kidding? Neither one of you can stop looking at the other one, although you both try to hide it. I think Jake's finished with that phase though."

"What do you mean?"

Ronny shrugged and stood up to walk with her daughter who was getting fidgety. "Well, when you were coming back from the barn, Jake watched you the whole time. And he didn't seem to care that his ranch hands noticed his interest this time."

Elissa blushed, remembering how she had run across the well tended drive between the barn and the other ranch buildings. "Well, I'm done with this. So it doesn't matter."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, I'm determined to avoid him. If it means slipping out of the house earlier in the morning or going to town after you go to bed, that's what I'm going to have to do. I can't be in the same room with him without things..." Elissa didn't finish the sentence.

"Getting out of hand?" Ronny finished for her.

"Something like that."

"And you expect Jake to just accept that?"

"Yes. I expect him to be a gentleman and respect my wishes."

"Except that you don't really wish that."

"Ronny, I'm not going to fall for it. I don't know what I want right now. I know I don't want my old life back but I also know that I don't want to be treated like most men treat women."

"Most men aren't pigs like the ones you worked with."

"I didn't just work with them, I dated them as well. Three relationships in a row down the drain because they couldn't be faithful. And I don't buy the excuse that they did it because I wouldn't have sex with them. If they can't keep their pants zipped, then I don't need the aggravation."

"Jake's not like those other men, Lissy," Ronny said quietly but with complete conviction.

"Are you sure?"

"Yes."

"Well, I'm not willing to bet my pride and self esteem on your personal perceptions of Jake."

"Well, why don't you just enjoy him while you figure out what you want to do with the rest of your life?"

They passed each other on the small stretch of carpeting as both walked and bounced the babies who gurgled and cried at different intervals. But Ronny's comment stopped Elissa short. "What do you mean?"

Ronny rolled her eyes. "Elissa, you've never reacted like this to any man. So why don't you take what you can from Jake? Enjoy him, get to know him. Find out what makes the man tick? Or just satisfy yourself in bed with him. I'm pretty sure you won't come away from that running."

Elissa's heartbeat skipped a beat. The idea that she could turn the tables had never occurred to her. Of course, she wasn't going to go out and cheat on Jake. But the thought of just going into the relationship knowing that it was going to end, anticipating that it would go no where was a very alluring idea. Could she protect herself in that way?

"I can see I've tempted you."

Elissa didn't respond since Rick came in a moment later. He swept Ronny into his arms, careful not to hurt his baby daughter. Then rushed to Elissa's side to give her a kiss on the cheek. "Ya'll look lovely with these babies," he said before he ran up the stairs, taking them two at a time so he could shower off the ranch dust.

Elissa and Ronny laughed at his enthusiasm for his babies, despite his obvious lack of sleep. He came downstairs a few minutes later and took Michael out of Elissa's hands so she could finish dinner and also leave the four of them alone for a few minutes.

She busied herself in the kitchen, cutting vegetables for a salad and setting the table. The whole time, Ronny's advice tumbled through her mind. What would it be like to accept Jake as her lover? Could she separate her heart from the sex? Is that all Jake wanted from her? For some reason she didn't want to investigate, that thought hurt a great deal. She pushed it out of her mind. All she wanted from Jake was sex so why should she care if he wanted the same thing?

Besides, maybe if they had sex, just once, she could get him out of her system and move on. She loved this ranch. She loved horseback riding and cooking and taking care of the babies but she couldn't do this forever. She really needed to figure out what she was going to do long term.

A new voice in the family room almost made her drop the knife she was using to cut up carrots. Jake!

Was he really here or had her imagination just conjured up his voice since her mind was so centered on him?

And then he appeared in the kitchen, his large body taking up all the available space.

"Need some help?" he asked, his grin indicating that he had expected her surprise.

"What are you doing here?"

"I suspected that you might hide out here despite your agreement to talk tonight. So I came by to walk you home and make sure we had our little chat," he explained and reached behind her to pull out the dishes from the cabinet.

He winked at her before he left the room to set the table. Elissa didn't know what to do. But her body did. The moment she'd heard his voice, her body had gone into overdrive.

Dumping the carrots into the bowl, she followed in the path Jake had just taken. Holding the bowl in front of her like a shield, she watched as Jake and Rick joked about something that had happened on the ranch today.

Good grief that man was sexy! He was just placing plates in front of each chair and Elissa's eyes were transfixed by his hands. She wanted him to be touching her, not the plates. He walked over to her and plucked the salad bowl out of her hands, placed it in the middle of the table, all the while, keeping up a constant discussion with Rick on the happenings of the ranch.

Elissa went back into the kitchen and leaned against the sink, thinking. It was such a tantalizing thought, to give in to her desire for Jake and keep herself free from any kind of emotional attachment. Could she do it?

"What's cooking?" Jake asked, striding into the kitchen and opening the oven.

Elissa grabbed the oven mitts and pulled them on. She grabbed the potato casserole made of grated potatoes, cheese and milk. She set that on top of the stove, then reached in to pull out the breaded chicken breasts. There was more than enough to feed Jake. Elissa always made enough so she could wrap up a plate for him. She didn't know why she did it but had stopped questioning it a few days ago. The meal was always gone in the morning and he had told her he loved her cooking. It was enough to spur her on to make more interesting dishes.

"This smells fantastic," he said, inhaling the scent of the two casseroles. "How did you learn to cook?"

"Um...I didn't," She said, and shyly placed the chicken on a platter for the dining room.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, I had to cook for my family when I was in high school but since then, I never had the chance. Without the pressure of my job, I've found that I really enjoy cooking," She explained and disappeared into the dining room after making that admission.

Jake was right on her heels as were Rick and Ronny, both with a baby in their arms. They placed the two sleeping infants into the swings, then sat down to dig into Elissa's meal.

They talked quietly, laughing at the goings on of some of the ranch hands. None of the laughter was malicious though, Elissa noted. It was as if the entire ranch staff was a family member to Jake. He genuinely cared for each of the people he and Rick were talking about. It was a comforting realization for Elissa who was used to the cut-throat, back stabbing relationships she'd experienced in New York. Anyone was food for the gossip mills and the sillier, the faster they spread. Everyone liked to talk about the ridiculous things others did in order to make themselves look better, smarter, sharper.

Maxine woke up just as Elissa brought in a blueberry pie. Without hesitating, Elissa picked up the tiny bundle and started walking, cooing and singing to ease the baby's discomfort. Instantly Maxine relaxed and stared fixedly at Elissa's face.

Jake watched with a lump in his throat. He tried to tear his eyes away from Elissa with the baby in her arms but she was just too lovely.

Rick cleared his throat and Jake snapped back to the present. Elissa had gone into the family room so the three of them could eat their dessert in peace but Jake wanted her back in here. He didn't want to look at Rick and Ronny, he wanted to look at Elissa.

He finished his pie in record time and jumped up, thanking Rick and Ronny for dinner. Rick walked over and took Maxine from Elissa's hands and smiled. "I think we've got it for tonight. Why don't you let Jake walk you home tonight? It's a nice night. And you need a break from all this baby stuff."

Jake nodded his thanks and put a hand to the small of Elissa's back, guiding her out of the house. He didn't even give her a chance to turn down Rick's offer.

Jake was determined to have a talk. He would even put some furniture between them if he couldn't keep his hands off her - which would probably be the case after this afternoon.

Over dinner, Elissa had made up her mind. She wanted Jake. He wanted her. There was no need to stop this attraction as long as she kept her wits about her. She'd learned enough from men's comments back in New York to understand the mentality she needed to take in order to make this work between them.

She would simply enjoy the sex at night and continue with the things she enjoyed during the day. It shouldn't be too hard. She'd have the best of both worlds.

They entered the house through the kitchen and Elissa kept on walking, completely aware of the man next to her.

"Elissa," Jake said, putting a hand to her arm to stop her from walking. "We really need to talk."

Elissa looked up at him and her eyes were filled with her decision. She wanted him. She was ready. Good grief, she thought as she took in his jeans and tan shirt that stretched across his shoulders, she was more than ready for him. Just thinking about what she was going to do made her knees weak.

"Let's not talk," Elissa said and she took a step closer to him, hoping he would understand what she was trying to say. She'd never seduced a man before so she wasn't sure exactly how to go through with it. She'd never had a physical relationship with a man before. She'd come very close one other time. But the night she'd decided to become intimate with the man, she'd found him sleeping with his secretary. That had quickly ended that relationship. She'd never had a reason to let any of her other relationships get that far.

And now she was dumbfounded. She'd finally made the decision to have sex and she didn't know exactly how to go about doing it.

"I think we should. I don't understand why you run from me all the time."

Elissa looked at a point over his shoulder as she replied, "I'm not running right now."

Jake's eyes widened at that statement. "Does that mean what I think it means?"

Elissa nodded her head and looked down at the kitchen floor.

Jake walked over to where she was shyly standing and lifted her face up to his. "Why?"

Elissa took the last step that separated their bodies. "Does it matter?"

Jake sucked in his breath as her hands slid up his chest, one finger slipping between the buttons of his shirt. "I think it matters a great deal but if you keep that up, I won't be responsible for my actions," he said, and tried to pull her hand out of his shirt.

She took her other hand and slipped it between another set of buttons and Jake grabbed both her hands and held them behind her back. "Elissa, we need to talk," he groaned.

She looked up at him and licked her lips. "Why do you want to talk so badly?"

He lifted her up and set her on the countertop then took a step back, inhaling deeply and running his finger through his hair. "Elissa, what's going on? I don't understand your fear of me and I really want to understand you."

Since she couldn't touch him to distract him, Elissa's response was to start unbuttoning her shirt. Her fingers shook as she did so. She could see the passion in his eyes but there was also a determination. Elissa knew Jake was used to getting his way. He ran a huge ranch that generated the revenue of a large company. He had to be in charge. But tonight, she wasn't going to give in to his demands. At least not one to talk about her feelings. Having decided that she should give in to her body's needs and be intimate with him, she didn't want to delve into the reasons too deeply.

"Elissa stop!" he commanded. But she ignored him and pulled her shirt out of the waistband of her jeans, then continued with the remaining buttons. Once she was done, she jumped off the counter and moved closer to him. She wanted to take off her clothes in front of him, but she wasn't that brave.

Jake couldn't take it anymore. Seeing her soft, full breast encased in the skimpy, black lace bra snapped his control. When she was within arms reach, he pulled her closer and kissed her, deeply, passionately.

Within moments, he swung her into his arms. "Are you sure this is what you want?"

"Yes," she replied, her arms already clinging to him.

Jake needed no further prompting. He carried her up the stairs to his bedroom, slamming the door shut with his foot. He carried her over to the bed, then let her legs drop. Her feet were still several inches from the floor but he lifted her up higher and kissed her, letting her body slowly drop to the floor, their bodies gliding down each other's.

He didn't release her mouth as he took her shirt off her shoulders and tossed it aside. Her bra quickly followed and he inhaled at the sight of her, standing in front of him almost naked.

Elissa was embarrassed with his hot gaze sweeping over her nakedness. She tried to hide herself with her hands but he wouldn't let her. He chuckled deeply as he held her hands against his chest. "You have no idea what you do to me, do you?'

Elissa smiled. "I have a vague idea."

He took her mouth in his and kissed her, pushing her back to lay against the bed. His fingers unsnapped her jeans and slowly unzipped the zipper. Easing her legs out of her jeans was driving her crazy. The fabric was rough against her skin but his fingers, as they trailed down her newly revealed skin, were gentle and hot.

She lay on the bed in just her bikini underwear, waiting for him, wanting him to join her. He didn't make her wait. He quickly divested himself of his jeans and boxers, throwing them behind him haphazardly. Her underwear was next and she had to gasp when he laid down beside her. The first skin to skin contact with Jake was mind blowing.

Jake took her mouth with his while his hands skimmed down her body, finding and exploring. His mouth found each breast, the nipple hard and ready. When his mouth closed over the first one, Elissa arched against him, holding his head where it was, afraid he might move or leave, not sure which would be worse.

His mouth traveled down her body, his hands leading the way. There was no room for embarrassment with Jake, he just didn't allow it. He wanted to know every inch of her, know what she tasted like, what she felt like. And her body was in flames, aching and writhing with each new experience, each new touch.

"Please, Jake!" she called, when she didn't think she could take anymore.

Jake pulled himself up so he could look into her eyes. "Please what?"

Elissa moved her hips, her arms going around his shoulders, she ached but didn't know how to tell him. "Jake!"

She heard the foil wrapper tear open and the next thing she knew, Jake's legs were between hers and he was nudging her open. He glided smoothly into her wet opening and there was only a small moment of pain before the pleasure took over again. Elissa instantly climaxed, her legs wrapping around Jake's hips as he moved quickly inside her, filling her.

A few minutes later, Jake joined her in oblivion, shuddering to his climax. His head dropped to her neck as he tried to calm his breathing.

Rolling onto his back, taking her with him, still joined, he held her tightly. "Are you okay?"

Elissa laughed softly. "I don't know," she sighed. Every muscle in her body was relaxed and she couldn't seem to undrape herself from his body. Her hair tumbled over his chest and her arms were loosely around his shoulders, but he didn't seem to mind.

She heard the rumbling in his chest and marveled at the muscles just under her cheek. "I know what you mean," he breathed.

Elissa woke up and peered at the sun shining through the windows. But the sun was coming on the wrong side of her room. She rolled over and stared at the ceiling. Odd, but she'd never noticed the ceiling fan over her bed before.

Then the events of the night before came through and she sat up in bed quickly, one hand holding the sheet over her nakedness.

A deep chuckle from the side of the room made her head spin in that direction. "Good morning sleeping beauty," Jake said, looking sexier than any man had a right to be as he came out of the shower, only a towel around his waist.

They'd made love four more times during the night. Jake was insatiable and each time he'd touched her, her body had instantly turned towards him, craving his touch, needing the release only he seemed to be able to provide.

Elissa pushed the hair out of her face and forced her mouth to close. "What time is it?" she asked.

Jake came over to the side of the bed and sat down, the towel revealing his muscular stomach muscles and one extraordinary thigh. "It's about nine o'clock."

"Oh," she said self-consciously. "I think I should get up."

"What are you planning on doing today?" he asked, his eyes already telling her what he wanted to do.

Elissa licked her suddenly dry lips. How could she want him yet again? Couldn't she be satisfied? But she wanted him more right now than she did last night, if that was possible. "I should help Ronny," she whispered.

"Do you think she could spare you for a few hours?"

"I'm not sure. Why?"

"How about your first helicopter lesson?"

Elissa was instantly awed. "You're serious? You'd teach me how to fly?"

"Sure. I told you I would, didn't I?"

"Yes, but..."

"No buts. Go ahead and get ready," he said and pulled on a pair of tight boxers, the kind that hugged his thighs. A pair of jeans went over those and he was ready. "I'll wait for you downstairs," he said and kissed her hard before sauntering out the door, whistling.

As soon as the door closed, Elissa jumped up and grabbed her clothes. She rushed to her own room and showered, changing into a pair of clean jeans and a short sleeved tee-shirt. She only took the time to put on some mascara, lipstick and powder and tied her hair back with a pony tail clip. Then she skipped downstairs to find Jake.

She was a little nervous about their first encounter but he wouldn't even allow that. He just handed her a cup of coffee and pointed to a stool by the counter. "How do you like your eggs? Please say scrambled because no matter how hard I try, that's basically how they all turn out anyway," he said and cracked two eggs into a skillet.

Elissa laughed. "Scrambled would be delicious." "Good," he said and broke several more into the pan, then added cheese, pepper and salt. The microwave dinged and he deftly pulled out some bacon and set it aside to cool. While all of this was going on, he managed to butter toast, make another pot of coffee and stir the eggs.

Within ten minutes of her entry to the kitchen, she was served a plate loaded with eggs, bacon, toast and a steaming cup of coffee. "I'm impressed. I didn't think you knew how to cook."

Jake smiled his sexy smile. "Don't be too impressed. This is my main meal. I do a few other things, but this is the best. Sundays I take a little more time to fix a meal and this is it."

Elissa took a large bite of the eggs and savored the taste. "This is delicious," she said and took another bite.

"Good, I'm glad you like them." He hesitated for only a moment. "So want to tell me why you're still a virgin?"

Elissa had just taken a large bite of toast but her mouth was suddenly dry. "I'm sorry?" she asked, and looked down at her coffee.

Jake sighed and shook his head. "Elissa, don't think I'm an idiot. I noticed that last night was your first time and I'm sorry," he said.

Elissa lost her appetite. "You're sorry?" she said, the sadness in her voice coming through despite herself.

"Elissa, I can tell you're getting the wrong impression here. I'm honored but I don't understand," he said. "Someone as beautiful as you going around, it just doesn't make sense. I mean, you're from New York. Ronny says you've dated over the years."

Elissa put down her coffee and stood up. "And me being from New York, you drew the obvious conclusion that I slept around."

"No. That's not what I thought." He ran a hand through is hair. "Hell, I knew we should have talked last night."

"Why didn't you?" she asked turning away and wanting to run out of the kitchen. She was humiliated now. She had just spent the most wonderful and satisfying night of her life with the most incredible man she'd ever known and he was apologizing. This wasn't the stuff dreams were made of, she thought.

"Because you're sexy as hell and..." he hesitated, "and you seemed to know what you were doing."

Elissa didn't want to hear anymore. "Well, thanks for the lesson last night. It was nicer than I thought it would be," she said and turned away.

Jake wasn't having any of that and pulled her back to face him. "Elissa, stop it. You know damn well that last night was better than nice," he demanded, his eyes blazing in his fury.

Elissa was too hurt by his words. She just shrugged and tried to pull her arms free of his grasp. "I wouldn't know that. As you found out, I don't have much to compare it to. But I'll definitely let you know once I get a larger sample size," she said and pulled her arms free.

She ran out of the kitchen not sure where she was going. She just knew she had to get out of the house and away from that man.

Unfortunately, her run was halted by another ranch hand coming through the doorway. "Jake, we need you down at the barn. Lucy is having problems," he said.

Elissa stepped back and crossed her arms over her chest. She saw the worried look on Jake's face and, despite herself, her heart went out to him. Something was wrong and she knew his loyalties were pulled.

"Elissa, I have a horse that's about to drop a foal. Please, can we talk about this later?"

"Yes, fine." Elissa just wanted to hide. She didn't want to talk or deal with this kind of embarrassment. She was glad that something had come up although she knew that Jake was concerned.

She watched as he grabbed his hat and rushed out of the kitchen, following behind the other ranch hand. From the window, she noticed that they were walking faster than usual and her concern grew. Was there a problem with the birth? Shouldn't they call a vet? Elissa pushed herself away from the window and concentrated on something else. She cleaned the kitchen and scoured through the cookbooks, looking for something interesting to cook for dinner that night. She definitely wasn't leaving anything for that obnoxious man, she told herself.

She made a list of the ingredients she would need and headed into town, ignoring her instinct to head down to the barn and find out what was wrong.

Elissa drove back to the ranch and unloaded her groceries. She looked out at the barn and wondered if everything was okay with the new foal.

Making a decision, she put all the groceries away and then slipped out the side of the house, wanting to check on the foal. She'd never seen a newborn horse before. Were they really able to stand as soon as they were born? Could she sneak into the back of the barn and not be noticed?

Elissa made her way to the barn and slipped through the side door. She knew something was wrong as soon as she entered the musky smelling area. Sure enough, Jake was bent over the horse's back and was moving his hands along the side of the horse's flanks. The horse, obviously Lucy, was laying on her side and groaning with deep breaths coming out every few moments. Several ranch hands were working around the pained horse and another person she'd never seen before, she assumed was a vet, was listening to the horse's heartbeat.

"Jake, she'll be okay. Just give her some time. This is a natural course and will just take a few hours," he said. The man packed up his instruments and left the barn, patting the horse's neck as he left.

Jake waited until he was gone and then shook his head. "Okay, Lucy. It looks like this is going to be up to you and me. We'll get through this together," he soothed the horse.

Elissa watched for hours as Jake talked the horse through her painful contractions. She was horrified at first when Jake checked the horse's womb but realized that there was no other way to gauge the progress. She'd seen Ronny's obstetrician do the same thing so Elissa relaxed slightly when he checked the horse again about an hour later.

Sometime in the late afternoon, Elissa slipped back out of the barn and went back up to the house. She made a mountain of sandwiches and several pots of coffee then brought it all down to the barn. There were about six men who were all helping the horse drop the foal and none had left for any reason through the whole ordeal.

Jake didn't look up when she deposited the stack of sandwiches but the other men smiled gratefully to her as they attacked the stack and took long drinks of the hot coffee. Elissa sat down on a stack of hay and tried to be as inconspicuous as possible. Two hours later, things really came to a head.

"Get Mike back out here," Jake called out to no one in particular but one of the helpers immediately got on the phone and called the vet. "This lady's breach," he groaned and soothed the horse through another contraction.

"Jake, I don't think there's time to get Mike back out here. I think she's going to go through it in the next few minutes or she's not going to make it," a hand by the name of Jim said.

"I know," Jake said and checked the horse's progress again.

"Okay, Lucy. Are you ready for this?" The horse snorted and then groaned, her eyes moving back into her head.

Jake positioned himself at the rear of the animal and felt her flank. Once he found what he was looking for, he reached into the animal's womb and nodded again. "Okay, I have the foot," he said. He put one hand on the horse's stomach and waited. "Lucy, just breathe," he soothed. "We'll wait until the next contraction and work together." Jake's deep voice seemed to be helping the exhausted mare who simply laid her head down on the hay. A moment later, her head was back up and another groan was emitted. At the same time, Jake pulled with all his strength.

Elissa didn't understand what was happening but within five minutes, a tiny hoof appeared in Jake's hands. "Okay, Lucy. We're almost there. Just keep pushing," he said. Fifteen minutes later, a small and incredibly unsteady foal slid messily out of her mother's body. There was a whole lot of mess and blood but the tiny foal immediately stood up and shook her head. Once she opened her eyes, she stared around, took one step then toppled down again, right near her mother who carefully licked the head, then laid back down. The mare was obviously exhausted to the point of not being able to care for the little foal and Elissa's heart went out to the two of them.

Jake looked up and saw Elissa for the first time that day. He'd known she was there, had sensed her coming and going but had focused all his energy on the mare and making sure she would survive. Now he looked up and noticed the tears streaming down her face. He walked over to her, careful not to touch her with his messy hands. Bending down, he looked into her eyes. "What's wrong, Elissa?" he asked softly, wishing he could take her into his arms and comfort her. He didn't though, knowing she would probably be horrified at the mess of his shirt and jeans.

A half second later, Elissa threw her arms around him and let go of her tears. "Oh, Jake how wonderful!" she cried. "She's beautiful and you helped her. Thank you!" she said, her shoulders shaking with the weight of the emotions she was feeling.

Jake was stunned. She was thanking him? For what? He stood up and didn't care what she was talking about. Elissa flying into his arms, holding him with those soft arms was too much for any man to handle. He closed his arms around her back and just held her there. Once the flood of tears subsided, he pulled back and looked down at her. "You're a mess now."

Elissa glanced down at her shirt front but dismissed the mess that had transferred from his clothes to hers. "What's wrong with the little guy?" she asked, glancing behind Jake to view the foal again.

Jake turned as well but didn't take his arms away. She was letting him touch her and he was like a starving man to a buffet. He didn't want to break the contact. "She's hungry," Jake said. "Want to feed her?" he asked.

Elissa looked from the mother to the foal and nodded. "Shouldn't the mom do that?" she asked tentatively. Elissa didn't want to show her ignorance but couldn't figure out what was wrong with the little horse.

"She's too exhausted. Most birthings don't take this long. She's been up for the past few nights with pains."

Elissa took the bottle with the warm milk and long nipple that Jim handed to her. "Can I really?" she asked, the excitement already in her eyes.

"Sure. Go for it," Jake said, feeling wonderful all of a sudden.

Elissa bent down and approached the skittish foal. As soon as the foal smelled the milk, she toddled over to Elissa and immediately started sucking on the offered bottle. Elissa laughed and stroked the side of the foal's neck that was now clean. It was very soft and the foal didn't even glance her way, too intent on getting her first drink of milk.

Jake walked over to the barn's sink and scrubbed his hands. He needed a shower and probably a long nap, but he felt too good. He looked down at the exotic beauty kneeling in front of a newborn foal and shook his head. He never would have imagined that Elissa would like the sight of a birth. They were messy and painful. But she'd cried tears of joy.

Elissa definitely was not the woman he'd originally thought she was.

Jake sat down on the bale of hay she'd been sitting on for the past few hours and grabbed a sandwich and a cup of coffee. He couldn't see her face anymore but he enjoyed the view of her backside just as much. The other ranch hands were cleaning up the area, joking about the next task and what needed to be done to help the mare get her strength back. Jake listened to the sounds around him and wondered if Elissa ever thought she might like this life long term.

Who was he kidding? She was a city girl, he reminded himself.

As soon as those words formed in his mind, he stopped himself. He was reminded of all the things he'd assumed since she arrived and he let the thought that maybe she didn't like her old life quite as much as he might have thought she did. She certainly looked to be thriving now. Gone were the dark circles and sadness from her eyes he'd seen when he'd picked her up at the airport. She'd gained weight in all the right places and her skin now glowed with health whereas before, she was pale and her skin looked like paste with the stress that was on her shoulders.

Jake munched on the sandwich and considered the idea of something more. He wasn't sure how much convincing he might need to do. Was he up to the challenge? The thought was appealing.

What could he lose, he thought to himself? A few hours of enjoyment with a beautiful woman? A man could die happy just staring at those pretty blue eyes of hers.

Jake just sat back, relaxing his tired back against the walls of the stall behind him as he watched Elissa feed the new foal. He enjoyed listening to her laughter and wondered if she knew how well she fit into this world. She looked so happy, how could she even consider heading back to New York?

Jake made the decision. He was going to show her that she was better off here.

The foal eventually settled down, curling up next to her mother now that it had a full belly of milk. Elissa leaned back on her heels and stared back at Jake. "She's beautiful, isn't she?" She asked.

"Yep," Jake replied, staring at Elissa's dark head and sexy body.

Elissa sighed and stood up. "I guess I'd better get back to helping Ronny," Elissa said, wiping the dirt from her hands. "She's probably feeling abandoned by now."

"Walk with me back to the house. I think we both need a shower, then you can go talk to Ronny," he said. He threw an arm around her shoulder and guided her out of the barn toward the house.

"Have you ever thought about having kids?" he asked, the dim light from the setting sun hiding his eyes.

Elissa glanced quickly up but she couldn't tell how serious the question was. She looked at the sunset and sighed wistfully. "Of course, in the few spare moments of my old life," she said.

"Old life?" he questioned.

Elissa stiffened. She hadn't meant to reveal so much about her current feelings. She'd been toying with an idea but hadn't worked out the details yet. "Sure. I've changed in the past two weeks. I don't think I can go back to New York and work like I used to. I'm just not interested in that anymore."

"What do you plan on doing?" he asked, trying not to let her see how important her answer was to him.

"I don't know. I'll look for another job, I suppose," she lied. She had no

intention of ever going back to New York except to clear up her old life and close it down. She had no idea what she was going to do, but whatever her future held for her, it definitely didn't include New York and the financial district. It was too cut throat and manipulative.

"And kids?"

Elissa couldn't answer that. She wanted to tell him that she'd consider kids only if he'd consider being their father, but she knew he didn't feel that way about her. She was just the obnoxious woman that he had to teach how to do everything that didn't include a computer screen and financials.

They walked up to the house and Elissa slipped out of his arms. "Thanks for today. I'm sorry if I got in the way at all," and she rushed up the stairs without another word.

Elissa tore off her clothes and stepped into the hot, steaming water of the shower. She thought about the idea she'd been toying with. Could it work? She ran some numbers through her mind. She had the sale of her condominium. That would finance her start here. She knew she didn't really need to work. She had so much money saved up, if she lived frugally, she could make it without any extra income. She also knew how to invest her money and could make a living off of her investments.

She'd been toying with the idea of starting a small consulting business, right here in Texas. Could she do it? Could she pack up everything she'd known and move out here to the wilderness?

Absolutely, she thought. There was nothing waiting for her back in New York except for some very angry, shallow men.

Elissa changed into a pair of stretch pants and a tee-shirt, then headed downstairs to make something for dinner. It was almost six o'clock so she'd wager that Ronny had already eaten.

Surveying the supplies in the pantry and refrigerator, she wondered if Jake would be hungry. Taking out a box of pasta, she decided to make some spaghetti. If he wasn't hungry, he could just put it in the refrigerator for another meal.

Elissa turned on the stereo to the country music station, then put a pot of water on the stove to boil. She was chopping up vegetables and tossing them into a pan for the sauce and dancing around the kitchen. She loved the rock-a-billy tune and started humming to the chorus, amazed that she already knew the words to the song after only two weeks out of New York.

After the sauce was set up on the stove to simmer, she put the pasta noodles in, then dug through the contents of the refrigerator once again for salad ingredients. She bounced to the beat of the music and bumped her hip against the refrigerator door to close it, then bounced back to the counter to deposit her vegetable treasure.

"Darlin' do you have any idea what you do to my blood pressure?" Jake asked, walking up to the counter and stealing a baby carrot. He had been in the middle of buttoning a shirt but stopped with four buttons still undone, revealing his muscular chest with its light, sprinkling of hair.

Elissa jumped and almost dropped a tomato onto the floor. "Jake!" she yelped. "How long have you been here?" she asked.

"Long enough to know that you're sexy as all get out," he said and pulled her into his arms. Without another word, he kissed her, thoroughly ravishing her lips with his. When the kiss was over, he released her, leaving her breathless and confused.

"What do you want me to do to help?" he asked and stole another carrot.

Elissa blinked and looked up at his smiling features. "Help?" she asked, still holding the tomato in each of her hands.

"Cooking? I'm guessing you're making dinner, right?" he asked, his chest swelling with pride that he could so completely confuse her this way. She definitely moved him, he thought as he considered his painful erection after just one, simple kiss.

Elissa glanced around at the kitchen and countertop filled with food. "Oh! Yes. Yes, dinner. I wasn't sure if you were hungry or not, but thought pasta might be good."

Jake nodded his head. "I'm starving and pasta sounds great."

Taking a deep breath, Elissa tried to get her thoughts in order. "Okay then. Stop stealing the carrots and move out of my way," she smiled, not daring to step closer to the counter until he was farther from her work area. She couldn't think clearly with him so close.

"Can't I do anything?" he asked.

"No. You can go sit down somewhere," she said.

Jake moved around the counter and sat down in a chair that was tucked under the counter. "How's this?" he asked.

Elissa didn't think it was far enough away but at least she could think now. "Fine, for now," she said and put down the tomatoes.

"Where did you learn to cook so well?" he asked, grabbing a slice of tomato she had just sliced for their salad.

Elissa ignored the warm glow of pleasure she felt at his words. Stay cool, girl, she told herself. He was only a man. Surely she could keep her wits about her for one evening. "I don't know. I learned from school and from my mother, I guess but I haven't had a chance to cook in a long time. I really enjoy it."

"So do I," he said and smiled at her as she glanced up at him.

"Where's your mother?" he asked.

"She lives in Virginia. She and my father retired about two years ago and travel all over the world."

"Where did you go to school?" he asked.

"Ronny and I went to college together. She was my college roommate," Elissa explained, remembering some of Ronny's antics in college.

"What made you decide to major in math?"

"I didn't. Ronny majored in math. I studied economics," she explained.

"Is there a difference?"

Elissa smiled. "Yes. Economics is more about theory and sociological phenomenons surrounding how people spend and think about money. Math is more concrete. Ronny tried to take some of my economics courses and almost failed. She hated the theory side of it. She likes the more down to earth, solid sort of concepts."

"Don't you like that?"

Elissa grimaced. "No way. I tried taking some of her upper math classes and just about failed those. I like thinking about math more than doing it. Once you get into that physics and tangent stuff, you've lost me."

Jake shook his head. "I don't know how anyone could stand being cooped up in an office all that time."

Elissa smiled and agreed. "I can definitely see the advantages to living out here, smelling the clean air and actually seeing the stars every night."

"I'm guessing you don't get to see many stars in New York."

"No, not really. In order to actually see stars, we have to travel about two hundred miles west. And even then, the pollution is still so strong and the air so humid, we can't really see anything. Not like this at least," she said, glancing outside as the sky continued to darken and she could already see the stars peeking out of the night.

"It's pretty amazing, isn't it?" he said. "Yes. Everything about this country is beautiful," she said, keeping her eyes down and concentrating on cutting the vegetables.

Jake opened a bottle of red wine and poured her a glass, then pulled out a beer from the refrigerator for himself.

Jake moved on to less touchy subjects and Elissa finished cooking the spaghetti and preparing the salad. When it was done, she put the plates on the counter and joined him, relishing the warm, savory sauce.

They ate their pasta and talked about college days and growing up with their respective parents. It was more about getting to know each other rather than a heated conversation filled with emotional undertones. It felt nice to just relax and talk with someone, Elissa thought.

When they were finished, they cleaned the kitchen together, then Elissa stood awkwardly in the middle of the room, wondering what would happen next. She didn't want the evening with Jake to end but also didn't want to impose on his time anymore. Jake took the lead by saying, "Bring your wine and come join me outside."

Elisa picked up her glass and followed him, unwilling to resist the lure of Jake any longer. She'd already experienced the magic of his touch, his kiss, his body. She wanted more. She wanted to experience as much of him as he'd allow before she had to abandon the fantasy world she'd created in the past two weeks.

Elissa walked quietly behind him, right into his arms as soon as he closed the door leading out onto the patio.

"I'm sorry about this morning," he said. "I didn't mean to hurt your feelings."

Elissa didn't want to talk about that. She wanted him to make love to her again and help her forget the world and all the awful things waiting for her. "Shhh," she said and leaned against him.

Jake couldn't resist. He wanted her and, just as he had last night, at her first touch, the feel of her body against his, he lost all his ability to concentrate and talk sensibly to her. He wanted to get things straight between them, find out what exactly she wanted from him. But when she looked up at him as she was now, his body reacted instantly to the desire shining through her eyes and he reached down to kiss her.

When the kiss didn't seem to stop, Jake took her wine glass from her hand and set it down on the table behind him, doing the same for his beer. Then he pulled her more firmly into his arms and kissed her soundly.

With a groan, he picked her up in his arms and carried her up the stairs to his bedroom. Laying her carefully in the center of the bed, he looked down at her and promised himself that he would go slow, teach her about making love and make sure she felt everything he was feeling.

The plan was all well and good but the moment Elissa put her hands on his shoulders, she pulled him down and the plan to go slowly flew out the window. Elissa's touch drove him wild and he couldn't slow down much less stop breathing. She pulled his shirt off, her hands eagerly touching his skin and making him burn for her. He pulled her tee-shirt over her head and stared at her, then quickly removed her lacy bra. She tried to cover herself from his heated gaze but he pulled her hands away and held them above her head. "You're beautiful. Please don't hide from me," he said, his voice barely above a groan. He then dipped down to take her nipple in his mouth, causing Elissa to arch her back, increasing the pressure of his mouth.

Elissa's hips moved erotically against him and he stood up to take off her jeans, discarding his in the process. The feeling of her smooth naked skin next to his almost sent him over the edge. He held her hands over her head, unable to endure her touch anymore without taking her immediately.

"Please Jake," she whispered. "I want to touch you too," she said.

"You can't. Not tonight," he said and ran his fingers down her waist, her leg, amazed at how soft her skin was behind her knee and down her calf.

He reveled in the softness against his skin and pulled her deeper into the realm of desire. When he finally entered her, Elissa was so on fire, she instantly climaxed, throbbing around him and pulling him along with her.

When they were sated, Jake fell on top of her, holding some of his weight with his elbows but his face was buried in her neck. He released her hands and she instantly wrapped them around his shoulders, loving the feeling of his muscles and his whole body.

After he caught his breath, he stood up. "I'll be right back," he said and walked out of the room, completely unashamed of his nakedness. A few minutes later, he came walking back into the room, her wine glass and a fresh beer in his hands.

He slipped into bed beside her and handed her the glass of wine. They laid in bed and sipped their drinks, laughing and talking about whatever came to their minds. It was nice to be able to enjoy someone's company in a relaxing atmosphere, which isn't to say that the sexual tension wasn't just beneath the surface. Elissa couldn't look at the man without thinking about sex and how incredibly masculine he was.

They made love three more times that night. Each time Elissa snuggled up to him in her sleep, she woke him up enough to be aware of her which meant that he made love to her again and again, always satisfying her more than she could ever have imagined. By dawn, she was exhausted and couldn't lift her arms to hold him. He simply pulled her tightly against him and they fell asleep wrapped up in each others arms.

Monday morning, she woke to him kissing her neck and nibbling on her ear. "What are your plans today?" he asked.

Elissa rolled over onto her back, taking the sheet with her. He was already showered and dressed but she was still naked underneath the sheet. "Oh, I don't know. I guess the same thing I've been doing for the past two weeks. I'll help Ronny, make dinner, then hopefully fall asleep in your arms just like last night," she said and reached up to touch his smoothly shaven jaw.

He kissed the palm of her hand and glanced down at the rough skin on her palms. "Why don't you take it easy, give these hands a chance to heal a little more? I'll take you out flying tonight and you can see the sunset from my favorite place. Deal?"

"What about my riding lesson?" she asked, pulling herself up into a sitting position. She had no intention of sitting around, waiting for her hands to heal. She wanted to be doing something. Everyone seemed so busy on the ranch, she didn't want to laze the day away.

"No way," he said. "These pretty little hands need to heal before you head back to New York," he said, shaking his head. He didn't want her to head back to New York and be embarrassed about what ranch life had done to her perfectly manicured hands. It might be too much of a memory to handle.

"What about if I wear gloves?" she asked. "And can I feed the new foal? What if the mother still can't feed her? She'll need help and you guys don't really have the time."

Jake thought about it for a long minute. "Fine. You can feed Mini but nothing else," he said.

"Mini?" she asked, smiling at the name.

"Yeah, that's what the guys started calling her apparently. She's pretty small for a horse."

"I like it," she said.

"Good. Whenever you get down there, she'll be ready for your feeding."

With a quick, hard kiss, he left the room, whistling as he went down the hallway.

Elissa waited for the door to close, indicating that he had left the house, then jumped up and got into the shower. She didn't have her toiletries with her but she didn't want to walk down the hallway to her own shower so she used his shampoo and soap, feeling closer to him in some odd way.

Wrapping herself in a towel, she padded down the hallway to her room and changed into a clean pair of jeans and shirt. She was too excited about seeing Mini, she didn't want to wait to do anything with her hair so she just pulled it back into a pony tail and rushed out of the house with only the barest amount of makeup on. She suspected that Jake would be out on the range already so he didn't have to know that she followed behind him only fifteen minutes later.

She slipped into the barn and found the stall they had moved Lucy and Mini into. Both horses perked up as soon as she entered. "Hi, little lady," Elissa said and knelt down to pet the tiny horse. Lucy, still exhausted from her ordeal from the previous day, made sure that Elissa wasn't a threat and then laid back down to recuperate.

"I thought I told you to lay low, Elissa," Jake's voice said from behind her. Elissa jumped slightly, feeling guilty only for a moment. "I did."

"For all of thirty seconds?" he asked, and handed her a bottle of warm milk. "There are more bottles in the refrigerator over there. She'll need to be fed about every three or four hours until her momma get's more energy to feed her herself."

Elissa was thrilled that Jake was letting her take care of the foal. She took the offered bottle of milk and happily fed the sweet little animal while her mother watched cautiously.

Jake thought of over fifty things he needed to do on various places on the ranch. But none of them overrode his need to stand here and watch Elissa feed a hungry, almost orphaned foal and see the delight on her face as the foal drank thirstily.

Once she was done, the foal sat back down and curled up against her mother yet again. Elissa watched the foal for a few more minutes, then stood up and dusted off her jeans. "I guess I'd better head over and help Ronny," she said shyly.

"I'll bet she could use the break since I took you all day yesterday."

Elissa laughed and nodded her head. She wanted to talk to him, express her feelings but she wasn't sure exactly what they were. "Well, I'd better head over there," she said but still didn't move.

Jake watched her for a long moment, knowing she wanted to kiss him. But something inside her kept her from initiating the kiss. He wondered if she would ever feel comfortable around him. He hoped so. But he didn't mind bending over and taking her in his arms, kissing her thoroughly. Once she was completely dazed, he let her go. "I'll see you at five o'clock tonight," he said and patted her on her cute, jean clad derriere.

Elissa laughed and jumped slightly at his pat, then shook her head as she headed out of the barn toward Veronica's house.

"Good morning," Elissa called quietly as soon as she entered, then saw Veronica with tears streaming down her face, a sleeping baby in her arms although she wasn't sure if it was Michael or Maxine.

"What's wrong?" Elissa asked, rushing over to take the baby in her arms. Veronica instantly relinquished the baby and fell onto the sofa.

"Nothing," she sobbed.

Elissa looked at her friend and blinked. "Okay," she said and sat down next to her. "Then why are you crying?"

"Because I'm so tired," she sobbed and leaned back onto the back of the sofa. "And you're going to leave here in a few days and I'm going to be marooned here all by myself with no one to talk to and I'll end up hating my children because I can't get any sleep. Then Rick will hate me and leave with some beautiful blond woman who won't be fat and pregnant anymore and not lactating or sobbing like a fishwife."

Elissa took a deep breath. "Well, then. That's a whole lot of nothing," she said, wondering how she was going to handle this situation.

"Yeah, I know," she sniffed. Veronica took a handkerchief and blew her nose, then sighed and stood up. "Okay, what do you say we take these little guys for a walk in the stroller? I've been cooped up here for the past thirty-six hours with no one but Rick at night to talk to."

"Ronny, I'm so sorry I left you alone yesterday," Elissa said, the guilt overwhelming her.

Veronica smiled and stood up. "No problem."

Elissa stared at her friend as if she'd grown another head. Veronica was halfway across the room before she realized that Elissa was staring at her strangely. Then she laughed at her friend's expression. "Don't worry about me. I'm just post partum," she explained.

Elissa could only nod her head as if that explained everything. "Okay, thanks for the update," she said.

Veronica laughed again. "It comes each day for about a half hour, then leaves and I can enjoy the twins again. It's awful so be glad you only caught the tail end of the mood swing. And be grateful I just have the baby blues. I hear that post partum depression is really awful."

Elissa had to take her friend's word for it, never having gone through a pregnancy nor having any friends who had gone through pregnancy. The women she knew in New York didn't want to ruin their figure and their careers for something they considered troublesome and annoying.

"Are you sure you're okay?" Elissa asked, following after Veronica with Maxine in her arms. They put the babies into the double stroller and pushed them out the door.

"Sure I'm fine. For now at least," she said. She chuckled suddenly. "You should have seen Rick yesterday when I started crying. He just about turned green before losing all color in his face. I don't think he stopped spoiling me at all yesterday."

Elissa laughed. "I can imagine. It's a little terrifying to witness."

"Humph. Try going through it!" she said.

They laughed as they walked through the walkways of the immediate ranch area. "Why don't you take me to see the newest member of the ranch?"

"Oh, Ronny!" Elisa said, eager to share her story. "Have you ever seen anything like it? Did Rick tell you what happened? Jake helped Lucy give birth to a tiny little foal. It was breach and the poor mare was in labor for hours, obviously in pain and straining...." Elissa laughed at Veronica's rueful expression. "Okay, I guess you know all about the wonder of birth. But that was my first one and you should have seen how wonderful Jake was. He was so gentle, coaxing the mare to make it through the ordeal, then pulling that poor little foal out of her womb. I can't imagine what that was like," she said, staring at the barn to which they were heading.

Veronica watched Elissa's face and wondered about her friend's feelings towards Jake. "Elissa, when are you going to admit that you're in love with Jake?" She asked after only a moment's hesitation.

Elissa sighed heavily. "I have, to myself."

"When?"

"This morning," she replied.

"When you were getting out of his bed?"

Elissa's startled expression snapped to Veronica's. "How did you know?" Veronica laughed. "Oh, Lissy, when have you ever been able to hide something? An educated guess and only a few clues and I knew as soon as you walked into the house this morning."

"I'm surprised that you noticed anything."

"I'm post partum, not blind," she said, laughing again. "So what are you going to do about the situation?"

"Nothing."

"Nothing?" Veronica repeated, astonished.

"What is there to do? Jake and I are from different worlds."

"Don't you dare give me that load of Malarkey," Veronica said. "You've already said you hate New York, you hate your job and you hate the life you have back there. So if you hate so much behind you, look ahead of you," she said, pointing towards the barn where Jake was striding across the drive. He started the engine of a truck and drove off, waving to the two of them who were just standing there watching him drive away.

Elissa considered what Veronica had said. "It's true, I do hate it back there."

"What's holding you there?"

"Nothing."

"What's holding you back from taking everything you want here?"

"Jake. I don't know how he feels about me."

Veronica chuckled at Elissa's insecurity. "Honey, if you only knew Jake, you'd know he's head over heels in love with you too."

"Why do you say that?"

"Remember his house before you entered it?"

Elissa nodded. She remembered the dust and the refrigerator full of sandwich makings.

"Jake doesn't let people into his life easily. And especially not women."

Elissa nodded, accepting that Jake might like having a clean house and home cooked meals.

"But you're not going to listen to me, are you?" Veronica said, knowing Elissa too well. "Okay, I'll stay out of this. But if I think you two are going to ruin it for each other, I'll step in and do my worst. So just fix things up between the two of you and do it fast."

They walked for only a half hour, then headed back to the house. The babies started waking up and demanding to be fed so Elissa and Veronica spent the day taking care of the two little dears. By the end of the day though, Elissa needed a break. She was glad when Rick walked in and took Michael into his arms.

"I'm out of here," Elissa called but Veronica and Rick were already kissing sweetly, then staring down at their two sleeping children in obvious love and delight. Elissa let herself out of the house, not wanting to interrupt their intimate moment as a family. She knew there were too few of those with twin babies.

It was almost five o'clock and Elissa had no idea where she was supposed to meet Jake. All he'd said was to be ready at five o'clock. She wasn't sure what she should be ready for but Elissa wondered what she looked like.

All of a sudden, Jake appeared at her side. "Ready?" he asked.

She put a hand to her hair self-consciously. "I must look a fright," she said.

Jake looked at her rumpled shirt and the hairs that had slipped out of her pony tail. She looked like she'd spent the day in a whirlwind. But she looked lovely to him. Her eyes were bright with excitement, her cheeks were rosy and her lips, devoid of lipstick, were still pink and extremely kissable. "You look beautiful," he said gruffly.

Elissa smiled in appreciation. "You're pretty handsome yourself, sir," she replied, admiring the way his shirt pulled across his chest because of all the excess muscles underneath the fabric.

He tipped his hat and smiled. "Thank you, ma'am. Let's go."

He guided her over to the helicopter, picked her up and deposited her inside the passenger seat. Elissa put on her seatbelt as he came around the front. As soon as he was in, he pulled down the headphones and told her to put them on, then started the engine. The propellers whipped up the air and built up the necessary torque needed to become airborne. Within three minutes of arriving, they were off and flying over the ranch. Elissa had no idea where they were going but she liked the view from up high. The cattle were running across the fields below and she watched the trees rustle in the breeze. After a short flight that was probably only thirty minutes, Jake landed the helicopter on an open field. "Come on," he said, shutting down the engine.

He pulled her behind him and set out a blanket on the edge of the field. "We still have about ten minutes", he said. "Just enough time." And he leaned over, taking her mouth with his and kissing her, enjoying the feel of her lips and body coming alive under his touch.

A few minutes later, he sat up and pointed towards the horizon. "Look," he said and Elissa sat in wonder as the sun set over the tips of the trees, lighting the sky on fire as the rays splintered in the night sky.

They made love on the blanket as the sun set on the horizon. Elissa was thrilled that Jake would share this experience with her and showed him through her body that she loved him. She couldn't say the words though, knowing that he wasn't really interested in her that way. could give her. into the future and cherish them, relive them over and over as she figured out what to do with her life now.

Elissa could accept that now. She wanted to experience anything Jake When the relationship ended, she would take these moments with her

They flew back to the ranch later that night and Elissa invaded the refrigerator, throwing together some leftovers for dinner. Once they finished eating, they were still hungry, but this time for each other. Jake pulled her towards him on the sofa where they had eaten dinner and pulled her into his arms, making love right there on the sofa, this time with Elissa on the top which gave her all sorts of ideas on the future.

The next morning, she again woke in Jake's arms as were the following four days. Elissa was thrilled with the way her days were going. She spent most of the day helping Ronny, then the afternoon making scrumptious dinners for the four of them, loving the way everyone raved about her cooking. Each evening, Jake took her to a special place. Sometimes it was just riding along the fences where he would show her special plants that were indigenous to Texas. One night, he took her for a ride in the helicopter and they flew over the ranch. Elissa saw only half of the ranch that night. They only had time for a part of it since it was so sprawling. Friday night, he took her to the dance at the barn again and he danced every dance with her, only stopping to chat with his friends and acquaintances during the breaks. Even then, he kept his arm around her waist and included her in all his conversations.

The following Monday, he looked serious. "Elissa, I need to go away for a few days but when I get back, I'd like to talk to you."

Elissa looked at him and smiled. "That would be fine," she said, loving the worried look in his eyes. "I'll be here," she promised. It worried her only slightly that he might need to end their relationship, but the sweet, gentle kiss he left her with eliminated those doubts.

Elissa sat up in bed that morning and made a final decision. She looked around Jake's room and felt more at home than she had since she'd left her parent's house for college. She knew what she had to do. Throwing off the covers, she pulled on one of Jake's shirts and padded down the hallway to her room. Most of her clothes were now in Jake's room but she'd left her computer there. It had been a month since she'd communicated with her office. She knew that she was fired. weeks off with the possibility that it might extend to three. weeks with absolutely no communication with anyone, much less her boss, there was not much her firm could do but let her go.

She'd only asked for two

But being gone for four

Two months ago, that news would have sent her into a panic. Now, she was excited about the possibility that she wouldn't have to go through the awkward activity of submitting her resignation and clean out her office. Hopefully, they had already done that and shipped her personal items from her office to her house. Good riddance, she thought. If she never stepped back into that office, she would be forever grateful.

Elissa logged into her e-mail and started reading from the bottom. There were over five hundred messages, mostly from her clients demanding resolution to some issues. By the time she'd reached the middle, the messages were pretty hostile. But oddly enough, once she reached the most recent messages, they were kinder, as if her clients were pleading with her to get in touch with them so they could continue to work with her.

One of the last few messages was from Jim Tillman. Two weeks ago, he had sent an angry message threatening to fire her if she didn't contact someone immediately. But just as recently as two days ago, he had sent a friendly message asking if everything was going well and when she planned on coming back to the office.

Elissa made several phone calls and made the necessary arrangements. She wanted to do everything in New York and be back in Texas before Jake came back home. She had no idea what he was going to discuss with her, but she was going to face him with courage and love. Whatever decision he was going to make, she would stand by it. She wouldn't beg him for a few more days of his time. He'd already been generous enough as it is. He'd taught her so much over the past month. She owed it to him to make a graceful exit from his life if that's what he wanted.

After she'd made all the necessary arrangements, she packed up a small bag with just enough clothes to last her for the two, possibly three days she'd be gone. She then went to Veronica's house.

"Good morning," she said to Veronica whose eyes widened at Elissa's crisp business suit and perfectly groomed hair.

"I don't think it will be," Veronica said, hugging a hungry Michael to her chest. "What do you think you're doing?" she demanded, stifling the tears in her eyes.

Elissa smiled fondly. "I'm going back to New York to sell my condo, pack up my office and quit my job. Then I'm moving out here. I don't know what I'll do, but I love this country life."

Veronica just stared at Elissa for several heartbeats. "Wow!" she said. Then with more excitement, "Oh, how wonderful! You and Jake are going to get married and have babies and we'll live right next door to each other and our kids will grow old together. I can't believe it! It's too good to be true!"

Elissa shook her head. "Yes, it is probably too good to be true. Jake hasn't said anything about settling down and I don't want to pressure him into anything he doesn't want to do. I'm coming out here yes, but I'll probably live in town somewhere. I was thinking about starting an accounting firm out here. I enjoyed doing Jake's books and there are probably some other small businesses out here that might need some bookkeeping help. That would be enough to keep me busy with a small enough income. My investments will do the rest. I don't need a lot anymore."

Veronica's mouth dropped open. "What do you mean Jake isn't going to settle down? That man is in love with you, have no doubt about that," she said confidently.

Elissa laughed. "That's just your romantic heart talking. And too many romance novels," she added. "But the reality is that Jake is his own person. He doesn't need me around," she said, trying to keep the sadness out of her voice. "He's even said he wanted to talk when he gets back from a business trip."

Veronica was having none of that. "You obviously are still thinking about the men in New York. Jake isn't like them. I've been telling you that all along and you still don't believe me, do you?"

Elissa shook her head. "He's a wonderful man, I know that. I think he's the most wonderful man I've ever met."

"Or ever will meet," Veronica added.

"Okay, so he's perfect in an imperfect way."

"Perfect for you."

"Anyway, I'm going out to New York to close down my life there. I should be back in a few days, hopefully only two. I'll definitely be back before Jake gets back. I promised him that much."

Veronica shook her head. "You shouldn't leave. Just do everything by phone and have your stuff shipped out here."

"I need to do some things personally. I don't like Jim Tillman and I want to tell him to his face what an awful person he is and shove his job right back at him."

"Isn't he the one that was trying to pressure you into an affair right before you came out here."

"One of them."

"Yeah, but Tillman's your boss. That's not fair," she said.

"No, but not a lot of things are fair in that world. That's why I want to get out of it."

Veronica's shoulders drooped in defeat. "Okay. I still think this is a really bad idea, but I can't think of anything to say that will change your mind. But hurry back. Me and the twins need you. Jake needs you too."

Elissa hugged Veronica. "I need to hurry if I'm going to make my flight. I'll call you as soon as I get to New York."

Elissa was on a flight out of Texas two hours later. She boarded the flight and almost started crying as the plane took off. She'd fallen in love with this area in so short a period of time. If it weren't for Veronica and her pregnancy, she would still be back in New York, slaving away making inane deals that made rich people richer, slowly killing herself in the name of the almighty dollar.

Once in New York, she caught a cab to her apartment. She had a meeting in one hour with a real estate agent who was going to sell her condo to the highest or fastest bidder. Elissa cleaned up the dust that had settled over the sparse furniture over the past month and arranged with a moving company to have the furniture moved out to Texas. She was sure Veronica could help her find a storage company that would hold her furniture until she could find someone who would buy it or she could find a place to live.

The real estate agent rang her doorbell right on time. Elissa opened the door and let the woman enter. "Hello!" Marissa Lyle said, introducing herself and handing Elissa a card immediately. "Oh, this is wonderful. Why are you trying to sell it?" she asked.

Elissa eyed the woman who was in her mid-forties but possibly older, depending on the number of face lifts she'd undergone. Marissa wore a large amount of makeup but it was expertly applied. She was exactly the kind of real estate shark Elissa was looking for. "I'm moving out of the city and need to sell the place fast, but I'm not looking to give it away," Elissa said in her best, no-nonsense bargaining tone of voice.

Marissa immediately responded to the authority in Elissa's voice. "I understand. I think we can get you a good price. If you tell me where you're looking to move, I can start doing a search for a great replacement. Are you planning on going to a single family home?" she asked hopefully.

"I don't think you're contacts reach out to Texas."

That stumped the hungry real estate agent and it showed on her face. "Oh, well, no. Not really," Marissa said, seeing a fat commission slide down the drain. But she rallied quickly. "Well, that's no problem. We can sell this beauty in no time. I already know of three couples who will probably be interested."

"Great. Let's get the deal done quickly. I can have my furniture moved out of here by the end of the week. The sale will have to be done remotely though. I only have two days in New York and need to get most of this work done quickly."

Elissa signed the papers to list with the real estate agent, settling on a selling price easily. The next appointment was with the moving company and they arranged to have boxes delivered the next day. Elissa planned to pack up everything the next day and be back on the plane that afternoon back to Texas. She fell asleep that night staring out the window and listening to the noise coming up from the street. Had her condo always been this noisy? Perhaps this is why she'd lost so much sleep. No, it was a combination of the stress, the noise and the long hours. She looked at her clock beside the bed and realized that she couldn't remember the last time she'd been in this bed before nine o'clock in the evening in the six years she'd worked for Tillman and Hirshman. It hadn't been eighteen hour days all the time.

The following morning proved to be harried. She tried to go out for breakfast, but she'd forgotten about how hurried life was in New York. She wanted to sit back and read the newspaper, watch the sky lighten on the horizon and sip her coffee, just as she'd done back in Texas but everywhere she looked, people were rushing around, grabbing their coffee and moving on to their next appointment. The environment wasn't conducive to relaxation and sunrise meditation.

She spent the morning packing boxes. Most of her clothes she packed up easily. She sent the formal dresses she'd accumulated to a women's cooperative which helped women joining the work force. She also sent several business suits and shoes. She kept a lot of them, knowing she might need them in her next life as a business owner.

She didn't have a lot of knick knacks to pack up. Surprisingly few, she thought since she'd been living in this condo for the past four years. It was terrible that she'd never taken the time to make this place her own, no stamp of her personality showed through.

By midmorning, she was finished packing up. She showered and changed clothes. She dressed carefully for the first time in a month. Pulling on a sharp business suit of navy blue with a cream, turtleneck sweater underneath, she felt full of armor for the event ahead. She was meeting Jim Tillman for lunch to tell him she was resigning.

She took a deep breath and stared at herself in the mirror. She was relishing the idea and knew that he had no clue about her intentions. When she'd called his secretary to request the meeting, he had come on the line himself, ingratiating himself with her and convincing her to meet him for lunch rather than the office.

She suspected that he was hoping she was going to discuss the possibility of the affair he'd suggested before her departure. He was going to be disappointed.

Thirty minutes later, she was standing in front of the hostess stand at Jim's favorite restaurant. She told the hostess her name and was immediately led to a table where Jim was seated, nursing a gin and tonic.

"Hello, Elissa. It's good to see you!" he said and kissed her cheek. Elissa immediately wanted to rush to the ladies room and scrub her cheek. She didn't want his touch and felt dirty now that he had touched her.

"What would you like to drink?" he asked as the waiter approached their table.

"I'll just have water, please," she said smiling up to the waiter.

"Why not have a glass of wine? Relax before you head back to the office and get back into the swing of things," he suggested.

"I guess I should start this whole meeting by telling you that I'm not coming back."

Jim's expression showed that he didn't really believe her. He probably thought she was negotiating for a better salary or portion of the proceeds of her client sales. "You can't be serious, Elissa. You're one of the best. Come on back and discover where your true talents lie."

Elissa shook her head. "No. Thanks. I discovered a lot about myself while I was gone."

"What did you learn?" he asked, leaning back in his chair and looking at her with a patronizing stare.

"I learned that there are a lot of things that are more important than making money. That I'm a very good cook. I also watched a foal being born and watched the sunset from the horizon."

Jim shook his head, chuckling derisively. "Don't give me that. I saw the look on your face the first time you closed a million dollar deal. You were thrilled."

"Sure I was. It was very exciting. But I've done that. I'm ready to move on to something different," she said, leaning back in her chair and imitating his patronizing attitude. She wasn't going to be intimidated by him anymore. He wasn't her boss and therefore, her career didn't hang in the balance if she did or said something he disliked. It was a liberating feeling, considering herself his equal.

"I don't believe you," he said and smiled, showing as many of his capped teeth as possible. "You've been gone for only a month and, although you look fantastic, I'll bet you'll want to be back here in New York in less than a year."

Elissa smiled and shook her head. "No, I can't ever imagine needing to come back and do this kind of work again. I like numbers, so I'll continue to work with them in some capacity, but I can't imagine any circumstance that would push me back into brokering deals again."

Jim raised one eyebrow at her dismissive tone. "Elissa, you're a wealthy woman now because of those deals. Don't throw away a lucrative career on a whim," Jim said, leaning forward, actually taking her comments seriously finally.

Jim smiled patronizingly but, to Elissa, he looked more like a shark showing off his chemically white teeth to her. "Tell you what. Let's have lunch, not talk about business at all. You can tell me about Texas and all the silly country things you've been doing for the past month. After lunch, we'll go back to the office and we'll sit down with the other partners and see what we can do to tempt you. How does that sound? You've got me in a tough position. All of your clients are clamoring to have you back and making money for them. You're in high demand."

Elissa shook her head yet again. "Jim, I don't really want to go back to the office and there's really nothing you can say that would tempt me back to this lifestyle."

She started to stand up but he grabbed her arm and forced her to sit back down in the chair. "Don't you dare leave me like this," he growled at her. A moment later, he smiled again, knowing that people at the neighboring tables were starting to stare. The smile remained in place, but his fury showed in his eyes. "You'll eat lunch and we'll head back to the office to discuss the issue." With that order, he motioned for a waiter to come take their order.

Elissa was furious. She was not going to stay and eat with this disgusting man, no matter what threats he threw at her. Calmly but with as much conviction as she could convey to the man, she said, "Jim, I'm getting up to leave now. Don't touch me again or I'll make a scene."

Elissa stood up and swiveled on her heel, leaving the restaurant on shaking legs. She knew she had to get back to the office immediately and clean out her desk. It was the first place she went.

She was afraid that Jim might have called and told security to block her from the building but she was waived right through. Several of her co-workers even waived to her. She was able to find an empty box in the copy room and used it to pack up her pictures and some other small items that were hers. Just like her apartment, she had pitifully few personal items to pack. The past six years fit into one small box, she realized.

Not anymore, she told herself. Elissa set the box on her desk and looked around to make sure she had everything. She was just about to leave when she heard the door close behind her. Elissa spun around and watched as Jim approached, his eyes gleaming with something that Elissa didn't want to confront.

"I don't have anything else to say, Jim."

Jim stopped walking when he was right in front of her. "I guess I took the wrong approach at the restaurant. What would you say if I threw myself into the mix to tempt you?" he chuckled.

The idea was so repulsive she almost gagged. "Sorry, not even remotely interested. I thought I'd made that clear before I left," she said. Elissa stepped around him but one arm whipped out to stop her.

"Elissa, I think you're a very beautiful woman. I don't like being told no, so how about if we just spend a few days and explore what we might have together. I could have us on the company jet and in Vale, Colorado in just a few hours."

Elissa tried to keep the revulsion from her face, knowing that would only infuriate him more. "No, thanks," she said and tried to slip out of his embrace. But he wouldn't release her. "Jim, let me go," she said, her voice rising.

His grip tightened painfully on her arm. "Did I mention that I don't like rejection?" he said through gritted teeth. Jim worked out every day to maintain his physique and, although he didn't have muscles like Jake, he was still much stronger than Elissa. He grabbed her wrists and pushed her back against her desk.

"Stop it! Let me go!" she cried.

Elissa heard the door open an didn't care who was entering and found her like this, just so long as she could get away from Jim's repulsive embrace. She was stunned when the man was physically lifted from her and thrown across the room. Elissa opened her eyes and was thrilled to see Jake standing over the man sprawled on the floor, looking like an avenging god. "I guess you didn't hear the lady. She told you no."

Jake turned to face her and she could see the anger still steaming in his eyes. "Come on, we're leaving," he said.

Elissa quickly grabbed the box she'd just packed up and stepped over Jim's still prone body. She didn't say goodbye to anyone as they made their way out of the building. She noticed several people staring at her so the rumor about the most recent event had already started filtering through the office.

Once they were in the elevator, Jake turned to face her for the first time. "Are you okay?" he asked, looking down at her, his eyes probing to see if there were any ill effects from the man.

"I'm fine now. Thank you," she said, smiling up at his handsome face.

"I thought you were safely back at the ranch. What are you doing here in New York? I thought you would still be there when I came back."

"I was planning on it. I have a flight back tonight"

His eyes were hooded as he looked at her, not revealing his thoughts. "Why didn't you tell me you were coming back here?" he asked.

The elevator doors opened before she could answer so he guided her out the door and through the lobby. Once out on the street, he raised his hand and whistled, hailing a cab as if he'd lived in New York City his whole life. The cab pulled up and he directed them to the airport.

"Wait, I have to get my bags," she said and gave the cabbie her address.

"You're coming back with me, Elissa," he growled.

She turned to face him, wondering why he was still angry. She saw the look in his eyes and the question as well. Her heart tripped into double time and she smiled softly. "Of course I am," she said and reached up a hand to touch his cheek. She kissed him softly but he was having none of that. At the first touch of her lips to his, he pulled her onto his lap and kissed her thoroughly. "You still haven't answered my question," he said when he was through.

Elissa leaned back in his arms and smiled. "What question was that?" she asked, not sure about anything after that kiss.

"What are you doing here in New York? You're supposed to be safe and sound back at my house."

Elissa laughed delightedly. "I'm packing up," she explained. Looking out the window, she slid off his lap. "We're here," she said and stepped out of the cab. She knew he was following right behind her and she led him up to her condo. "I just need this and I'm ready," she said, and picked up her small bag. "My flight isn't for another two hours though," she said.

"You're coming back with me," he growled and took her arm in his.

They hailed another cab which took them to the airport. Elissa assumed that he'd booked another flight and made reservations for her as well. She didn't mind, she had missed him over the past few days and she liked the way he made her feel. She felt feminine and cared for when he put his strong arm around her waist. Elissa leaned into his strong body whenever they were standing still or sitting in the cab. She loved this man. She loved everything about him; his physical strength, his intelligence, the way he cared for all the people on his ranch and knew every one of their family members. Living in Texas would definitely be a different way of life, she told herself.

The cab took them to a different section of the airport than she was used to. She hadn't been paying attention to the instructions Jake had given the driver so she was surprised to be stepping out onto the tarmac instead of into the airport terminal. "What are we doing here?" she asked.

Jake guided her over to a sleek jet. "We're going home," he said and dropped her luggage into a seat. "Want to ride up front with me?" he asked.

"What do you mean?" she asked

"I'm flying us home," he said and showed her into the cockpit.

"You know how to fly regular planes as well as helicopters? Is there anything you don't know how to do?" she laughed.

"I've loved flying all my life. I own the helicopter but this is borrowed from a friend. And yes, I know how to fly," he chuckled.

He put on the headphones and flicked some of the switches on the board. Elissa kept quiet while he spoke with the air traffic controllers and requested permission to take off.

Three hours later, Jake landed the plane perfectly at the small airport in Texas. "Wow! That was very exciting," she said as he taxied to the small building that would protect the plane from the elements.

"You liked it?" he asked, pulling her to her feet and kissing her. "I liked you sitting beside me," he said. "Now we're heading back to the house and we're going to talk. I've been trying to have this conversation with you for the past two weeks, but you're not getting out of it this time by using that lovely body of yours to distract me," he said and patted her on the bottom to get her moving.

Elissa just laughed and silently accepted the challenge. "Talk, huh?" she said but stepped down the stairs to the tarmac.

Jake drove quickly to the house then guided her to the main house. "Go up to the house and pull on some jeans. We're going for a ride," he explained.

Once Elissa came back downstairs, he had already changed into jeans himself. He guided her out into the barn. "Get on," he said and waved to a beautiful black stallion that nickered at their approach.

"Um, Jake," she said, not moving any further towards the huge beast once she saw where he was taking her. "I don't think I've had enough lessons yet. I really don't think I'm ready for that animal."

Jake wasn't having any of that. "Trust me?" he said and lifted her up onto the stallion. He immediately followed, settling her exactly where he wanted her in the saddle. With a flick of the reigns and a nudge on the flanks, the three of them were galloping across the fields. Elissa loved the feeling of riding with Jake. He took command of the horse with the reigns in one hand and wrapped his other arm around her waist, ensuring that she would stay on the large animal.

Jake guided the stallion to a quiet area surrounded by trees, complete with a babbling brook and large rocks to sit down on.

He dismounted, then turned to lift her off the horse, letting her slide down his body as he kissed her soundly.

After a few moments, he stopped and held her at arms length, taking a deep breath. "We are going to talk," he said and took a step back. But he grabbed her hand and guided her over to one of the large rocks. He lifted her up and put her gently on the top of the rock so she was looking down at him slightly.

He looked at her, then gritted his teeth as he searched for the right words. "Elissa, I want...." He paced back and forth several times. Elissa waited patiently for him to continue, her hands folded on her lap, her expression attentive.

He started again, looking at the almost cloudless sky. "What I mean is that..." he looked around and ran his hands through his hair, slapping his hat against his thigh. "Elissa... I know this is..." he looked up at her and she smiled.

"What are you trying to say?" she asked, raising her eyebrows questioningly.

He looked at her for a long moment, his eyes showing his frustration. Finally, he put his hands on his hips and took several steps towards her. "What I want to know is, could you ever learn to like living out here? Is there anything in New York holding you there besides your job? If that's the case, I can give you all the money you'd want to invest. I can keep you challenged enough right here, that is if you think you could be happy. I know some people like the hustle and bustle of city life, but..." he hesitated, "Dammit, well, you seem to be happy here too."

He stopped, his back facing her as he searched for the right words to convince her to stay here. He sighed heavily. "What I mean is...Elissa....Hell, I love you. You love me. I know you do. So just say you'll marry me and we can get on with this," he said, his frustration finally taking over.

Elissa laughed at his proposal but the happiness was welling up inside her, threatening to overwhelm her with its intensity. "Okay," she said and laughed at his stricken expression.

The frustration left his face and it took on a shocked expression. "Okay?" he asked cautiously.

"Yes, okay," she repeated, laughing at his face.

Jake just stared at her for a long moment. "You'll marry me?" he asked, his face lighting up with a wide smile.

Elissa laughed again. "Yes. With stipulations," she said.

The grin disappeared with her words. Jake shook his head. "No, it has to be unconditional," he said and walked away from her.

She ignored his comment and explained. "First of all, you have to tell me you love me again. Then you have to promise to give me a house full of kids as soon as possible," she said, gasping with delight when he rushed over and pulled her off the rock and into his arms. When he'd finished kissing her, she continued, "And I want you to tell me what your favorite meal is so I can prepare it once in a while. I've been trying to guess for the longest time and I obviously haven't hit upon it yet."

"Darlin', if you keep cooking like you do, I'm going to become so fat I won't be able to sit on old Charlie over there," he said, indicating the black horse a moment before he bent his head to kiss her again.

Eleven months later Elissa was propped up on the sofa, a pile of pillows behind her back and her wedding album on her swollen stomach. She laughed silently as she looked at the pictures of Jake in his tuxedo, dancing with her full wedding dress under a white tent that had been set up in the backyard. They'd been married a month after he'd proposed to her and one month later, she'd gotten pregnant. She lifted a hand to soothe the contraction that moved across her stomach and glanced at her watch. time to call Jake and tell him to get the three of them to the hospital. anticipation of their forthcoming baby. She knew it would be difficult for Jake. She wondered if they should just drive to the hospital. It would probably be safer. It was almost

She smiled in

She was being silly, she knew. Jake was nervous, but he wouldn't let that override his ability to get them to the hospital safely. But there was also the issue of parking the chopper. She decided that it would be best if they drove so she pulled herself off the couch and picked up the keys to the SUV on the way out the door to get her husband.

It had been an incredible eleven months, she thought. It was filled with laughter and more love than she'd ever thought was possible.

Elissa glanced up at the gorgeous spring afternoon as another contraction tore across her stomach. Five minutes apart, she noted. Time to get moving.

She waddled out to the barn where Jake was overseeing the cattle in the yard. As soon as he saw her, he jumped down from the back of the truck and walked over to her quickly, a big grin on her face. "How are you doing?" he asked, putting one hand to her stomach tenderly. Elissa wanted to pull his hand away since another contraction was taking over. Jake's hands were too sensitive and she didn't need to tell him anything. He could feel it and his eyes snapped down to hers. "Elissa?" he growled. She smiled brightly up to him and nodded her head.

With a yell, he was racing across the yard to the house, intending to get the keys to the helicopter. Elissa had to call him twice before he heard her and she held up the keys in her right hand.

Jake then raced back to her, kissed her soundly and tried to lift her into his arms. With a groan, he hefted his pregnant wife into the truck he'd just left. "Good grief, woman!" he sighed as he placed her gently on the seat. "You're going to break my back if this baby doesn't come soon," he joked.

Elissa just laughed and punched him in the stomach. "Get moving, cowboy," she said. She couldn't say anything else as another contraction started. "We have a long drive to the hospital and I need a pain killer soon."

Jake didn't waste anymore time. He stopped only long enough to toss her suitcase into the back of the truck, then they were off.

They made it to the hospital less than an hour later and Jake was by her side during the whole labor and delivery. He kept knocking the monitor off her stomach that was supposed to gauge the contractions. But it didn't matter to Elissa. His hand was more sensitive and he helped her through the contractions better than any machine could ever do. Elissa couldn't have asked for a stronger and more sensitive man throughout the whole delivery.

Unfortunately, as soon as the doctor offered the scissors to him so he could cut the umbilical cord, Jake fainted onto the floor.

