CHAPTER ONE

"But Dani..."

"No 'buts'. Just tuck it away for a rainy day." Dani stuffed the bank notes into her brother's pocket.

"But where'd you get-"

"What did I tell you, Brian?" She shoved him toward the door. "Now go. I'll be right down. I just want to make sure we didn't forget anything."

As Brian exited the door, pulling the large suitcase behind him, Dani turned to look at the boxes still standing in the hallway. She shook her head. She had no idea how all that was going to fit into her Chevy Blazer. She'd warned her brother not to pack too many things but he was taking so much stuff that she almost felt like he was moving out for good and not just leaving Chicago to head out for his first semester at the University of Notre Dame. She went into the living room and then into the kitchen, looking around to see if he had left anything lying about. Finally, she went to his bedroom.

As she opened the door a flood of emotions filled her and she blinked quickly, fighting back the tears. This room had been Brian's haven for the last four years, ever since she had moved them to this apartment when their father died from a heart attack. She had been only eighteen years old but fortunately legally qualified to be Brian's guardian. Her mother succumbed to breast cancer when Brian was only eight and then they lost their dad when he was fourteen. She swore that as long as she had breath he would not lose her, too. He would never be placed in foster care. And she'd kept her promise.

Dani pulled the door closed and went to the living room where she picked up her handbag and slung it over her shoulder. As she went through the door she plastered a brave smile on her face. There was no way she was going to let Brian know how deeply she was affected by his leaving. He was ready to start his new life as a college student and she wanted nothing to distract him. She'd been a mother hen for the last four years but now she would just have to learn to let go.

She took the elevator to the ground floor then went out to the car and hopped into the driver's seat. She turned to her brother. "Ready to go?"

He shrugged. "As ready as I'll ever be."

She reached over and tousled his hair just like she used to do when he was six years old. "Then let's go get 'em, tiger."

Dani's first week without Brian was busy, which was a blessing for her. Her new schedule did not allow her the luxury of sitting at home feeling lonely. Each day she rushed home from her teaching job at Applewood Preschool, changed into her uniform for her new night job as chauffeur at Apex Limousine Company, and checked in for work by five o'clock sharp.

She'd been on the job five nights and so far had survived despite some rough spots. Tonight, though, something was different. She'd been summoned to the boss's office and through the glass door she could see Tony Martino, the owner and manager. He was pacing the floor. As she pushed the door open and entered his office he nodded to her.

"We need to talk," he said and jerked his head toward the only chair that did not have papers piled on top of it.

Dani's heart fell. Tony looked none too pleased. What had she done to upset him? She couldn't afford to lose this job, not right now. She'd only been working with the company a week and already had been able to send money to Brian for his books. She was counting on next week's pay to cover the cost of his hockey uniform.

He flopped down in the chair behind his desk then his look softened as he stared at her. "Don't look so worried," he said. "I'm not going to fire you."

Dani let out her breath slowly and cursed herself for having such an expressive face.

"I know you're wondering what this is all about," he said and leaned forward. "I heard about the incident the other night."

She held her breath again, sure she would be reprimanded for literally dumping one of her passengers on his own driveway. The man had been drunk and had tried to grope her as she held the door open to let him out. She'd pushed him off and, unsteady as he was, he'd landed on his behind. Now she was in trouble because of it. She looked back at her boss but remained silent.

Tony's face grew serious. "I heard about the incident through a third party and I'm not pleased. Why didn't you tell me what happened?"

Dani's glance wavered and she looked down at her hands. When she said nothing Tony spoke again, even more sternly. "From the day I interviewed you I could see you were a tough kid but you can't keep things like this a secret. You have to remember that you're a woman and you have to be careful." He leaned back and clasped his hands over his paunch. "And I have to remember that, too. I'm not proud of the fact that I put you in that situation."

Her eyes flew to his face. "But you didn't-"

"Yes, I did." He cut her off. "I should have known better than to give you a random assignment." He steepled his fingers and fixed her with a frown. "From now on you'll be assigned only to reliable customers. I'm going to give you a very important customer of mine. His father was my client for many years and now he uses my services, too." Tony paused as if for effect. "His name is Storm Hunter."

Dani frowned. "The Storm Hunter? Of the Hunter's Run clothing line?"

Tony nodded and gave her a satisfied smile. "The one and the same. I've been serving his family for over twenty-three years. I've known Storm since he was a kid." Then his face grew serious. "As I said, he's an important client. The Hunters, they've been good to me. It's not like they need my services that much but they always give me business. That's the kind of people they are."

"I understand and I'll take good care of him," she said, still slightly dazed. Imagine that. She'd be chauffeur to a member of the Hunter family, one of the wealthiest in the Chicago area. They were 'old money' and everyone knew of them. And even with all that money the oldest son, Storm, had branched out of the family's manufacturing business and had started his own clothing line, making himself a billionaire many times over at the ripe old age of twenty-seven.

"And seeing that you've already made some adjustments to your appearance I want you to keep it that way." He gave her a nod of approval. "I can't vouch for all my other customers so I don't necessarily want to broadcast that I have a woman on the team. You don't know who you might attract once that kind of information gets around." He stood up and walked over to check the computer sitting on the desk in the far corner. "Tonight you're going to pick up Mr. Hunter from a party and get him safely home. If he plans to drink he always arranges for us to come get him. You can check the location on your computer in the car."

This was Dani's cue to get going. She stood up and gave her boss a quick nod. "Thank you, sir. I appreciate your looking out for me."

"No problem, Swift. Now just grow some hair on that baby face of yours and look tough." Tony was chuckling as Dani walked out of his office and headed for the garage.

Things had turned out a lot better than she'd thought. There she was, thinking she was about to get fired, and instead she'd been assigned to a man who was probably the limousine company's most prestigious client.

Now if only his tips would be as big as his name, she'd be sweet.

That night Dani arrived on location a whole fifteen minutes before the appointed time. There was no way she would risk being late. And she'd prepared well, too, making sure to pile every last strand of her thick dark hair underneath the rim of the chauffeur's hat. She'd been doing that since the groping incident. She'd ditched the earrings and had left her face devoid of any form of make-up. She'd even practiced her walk, trying to eliminate the feminine sway of her h*ps and adopt instead the long strides of a man. Thank God she was taller than most of her sex. At five feet seven and a half she could easily pass for a man. Now if only she could grow some hair on her chin. She chuckled at the thought. She was willing to go far but not that far.

At five minutes after ten people started leaving the stately mansion. The cars that rolled out of the driveway included Porsches, Jaguars and a Bentley. Then there were others who chose to depart in limousines. Storm Hunter would be one of them.

Dani recognized him immediately. Over six feet tall and dangerously handsome, he was dressed in a designer suit of midnight black, his dark hair curling deliciously at the collar. He strode down the driveway toward her with an air of supreme confidence that almost took her breath away. He had billionaire stamped all over him.

Realizing she was staring she immediately straightened to her full height and masked her face with a stony expression. The last thing she wanted was for this man to think she was ogling him. Although, if ever there was a man to fit the description of 'eye candy', he was it. But she couldn't be caught staring. She had to remember she was a professional, she was on the job, and on this job she was a man. Sort of.

Storm Hunter was halfway to the car when a tall, willowy blonde ran down the driveway toward him.

"Storm, wait for me," she called in a light, airy voice. "I want to come with you."

For a fraction of a second Storm's brows fell and a look of annoyance passed over his face. Then it went blank and he turned to meet the woman who was now almost upon him. "Lola," he said, his deep voice quiet and cool, "I thought you were heading for home."

"I am," she said with a laugh as she caught his arm and clung to it. "Daddy didn't come for me as he promised so I'm hitching a ride with you." She looked up at him with huge eyes full of adoration then she added the finishing touch when she set her crimson lips in a teasing pout.

Dani almost gagged. Christ, the things some women did to get a man's attention. Then, realizing the direction of her thoughts, she made her face bland. It was not her place to judge or to get involved in the affairs of these people. Best to just focus on doing her job.

"My pleasure," Storm said but his voice was anything but pleasant. He'd spoken with a formality that made it clear that he would have preferred to travel alone.

The woman he'd called Lola didn't seem to notice his reticence. "Thank you so much, darling," she gushed. "Now we can get a chance to talk some more. You know Daddy loves it when we talk." Then she batted her eyes in what she must have thought was an irresistibly seductive manner.

Dani clenched her teeth to keep from uttering a sound. As tempted as she was to give a groan of disgust, that was a luxury she could not afford. But honestly, the woman's simpering was past annoying. She didn't know how Storm Hunter could stand it.

He seemed to be handling it fairly well, though. They'd started walking toward the car and there was a slight smile on his lips, admittedly a somewhat sardonic-looking smile, but a smile nonetheless. The woman slipped a hand into the crook of his arm and he didn't seem to mind. They looked quite comfortable now as they strolled toward her.

But things aren't always as they seem, as Dani soon realized. To her surprise, when the couple got up close she saw the glint of irritation in the man's eyes and then he gave her a knowing look. For that nanosecond Dani's heart froze. Storm Hunter had just exchanged a look with her, a look that said he was pissed and he didn't mind letting her know because she would understand. It was one of those looks shared between men. Except, she wasn't a man.

But he didn't know that.

He was standing right in front of her now. Dani gave a quick nod of greeting, the perfect excuse for her to drop her gaze and break the hold of his stare. "Good evening, Mr. Hunter," she said in a low voice then leaned forward and opened the door of the limousine. Storm helped Lola then he bent his tall frame and climbed in, leaving Dani to close the door behind them. A moment passed before she could move. He'd been so close that the heady fragrance of his cologne filled her nostrils. That, combined with his nearness, had her heart racing like she'd just done a hundred meter sprint. Christ, what in the world was wrong with her?

The man was just a man, after all. True, but this was one handsome piece of man with his thick brows, square jaw and those deep dark eyes that seemed to bore a hole into her soul. He was the first man who'd made her breath catch in her throat. She'd gone through her fair share of romance novels and had read about heroes who stole your breath away but she'd never had that happen to her, had never even believed it. Until now.

She gave her head a quick shake. Back to reality, Dani. You can't afford to go soft on a guy now. He's the client, remember? Her emotions again under control, she strode back to the driver's seat and slid behind the wheel. She was calm now, almost able to laugh at herself. And she had a feeling she'd need a sense of humor.

If the last few minutes were anything to go by this was going to be an interesting journey.

CHAPTER TWO

They were less than ten minutes into the journey when Dani heard a tap on the tinted glass separating the driver's cab from the back. As soon as she pressed the button to wind the glass down she heard Lola's petulant voice.

"Chauffeur, don't you have any champagne in this car? I don't like what you have back here. Vodka, gin, they're not my kind of drink."

"You may help yourself to some wine, ma'am," Dani said, never taking her eyes off the road. "We've got white wine and red."

"I don't want any wine," Lola sulked. "I want champagne."

"You've had enough to drink, Lola." Storm's voice was imperious. "You don't need anything but a bed right now."

"Ooh," she purred, "that sounds good."

Dani couldn't decipher Storm's response. It sounded like a cross between a grunt and a snort. She was dying to see the expression on his face. Curiosity got the better of her and she glanced into the rear view mirror. He chose that very moment to look up and their eyes met, his dark brown and mysterious and hers, wide and startled. She dropped her eyes and embarrassment washed over her. Please don't let him keep staring at me. She knew she was probably red as a lobster.

Danielle Swift, keep your eyes on the road and mind your own business. Great advice, except it wasn't so easy to do when you kept hearing whispering behind you, whispers that kept dissolving into girlish giggles and then a gasp. What the heck were they doing back there? Don't look, Dani, don't look. She wished she could press the button and put the tinted glass back up. At least she'd be able to block out the sight and sounds. But she knew she couldn't do that. It would be too obvious and besides she couldn't just close the window without their permission. It was not her choice. She was there to serve them, after all.

She breathed a sigh of relief when the giggles died down and she heard the tinkle of liquid being poured into a glass. Apparently Storm had decided to let Lola have a drink, after all. She didn't blame him. At least that would shut her up, which was a great deal more bearable than listening to her irritating giggles the whole time.

The brief silence was broken when Storm spoke. "Make a detour onto Kenilworth Avenue so I can drop Lola off."

Before Dani could respond the woman's voice came out in a wail. "But Storm, I thought we were going to your place."

"No, Lola, I'm going to my place." His brusque tone should have been enough to cool any woman's ardor, but apparently not Lola's. Dani heard her shifting on the seat, the fabric of her dress ruffling as if she were sliding closer to her traveling companion.

"Storm, the night's still young and I'm not ready to go home yet. Don't make me go home. Please." She dragged out the last word like a child trying to wheedle a treat from her mother. From her, a grown woman, it sounded desperate.

Dani gritted her teeth. God, she felt like slapping the woman upside the head. All she could think was, Have some pride, woman. Don't go begging a man for his company. But again, she had to catch herself. This was absolutely none of her business and she'd better learn to remain unaffected and uninvolved. Just because she'd never be a doormat to any man didn't mean other women didn't enjoy that kind of thing. Although why they would, Dani could never understand.

Storm totally ignored the woman's plea. He gave Dani the address and remained silent even when Lola commenced to sigh heavily and lament how lonely she would be without his company. It was only when she dissolved into soft sobs that he spoke.

"Spare me the dramatics," he said coolly. "I'm tired and I'll be leaving on an early flight tomorrow. You know I have a busy schedule this week so stop acting the victim."

"But I am, I am," she said through her sobs. "You treat me so harshly even though you know I love you. Why do you torture me so much?"

"Save that drivel for somebody who actually believes it," he responded, his tone unapologetic. "You're drunk. Now be quiet and rest your head on my shoulder. I'll wake you when you're home."

"You...you don't hate me do you, Storm?" Lola said, her voice wavering then ending in a hiccup.

He gave a deep, tired-sounding sigh. "I don't hate you, Lola. I just need you to get home safely. Now come."

Dani couldn't resist a glance and this time, thankfully, both her passengers were too preoccupied to look in her direction. She saw Lola curl up close to Storm then he put up a gentle hand and pressed her head to his shoulder. The woman sighed and closed her eyes and seemed to fall asleep in seconds.

Storm's gentleness surprised her. Was this the same man who had been so unmoved just minutes before? She'd thought him a selfish brute and had silently cursed the woman for being so weak. Now, though, his hushed whisper into Lola's ear and his gentle hand supporting her against his shoulder made Dani wonder.

It didn't take long to get to Lola's home. Dani drove up the winding driveway and went around a circular garden to pull up in front of a stately mansion. The place looked and smelled of money. Dani could see that Lola was not a woman to scoff at, which made it all the more bewildering as to why she seemed to have so little self- esteem. Storm Hunter might be rich, sure, but this woman obviously had money dripping out of her pores, too. So why did she act like she had to take anything Storm was dishing out? Okay, so he was cute. Not just cute, breathtakingly handsome with dark, enigmatic looks. But that didn't make him a god on earth, did it?

All Dani knew was that she'd never take that kind of treatment from any man, no matter how rich he was. If that was what it took to satisfy a man, he'd have a heck of a long wait.

She hopped out of the car and went around to open the door for Storm. He rested Lola back against the seat and slid out then without so much as a flex of his muscles he slid his arms under her shoulders and legs and lifted her out like she wasn't the dead weight Dani knew she was in her drunken state.

Storm turned and mounted the steps to the wide porch then reached under her and pressed the doorbell with his thumb. Somebody must have been waiting up cause only seconds passed before the door was flung open and Storm was allowed entrance. He disappeared inside and was gone for a good fifteen minutes, leaving Dani still standing by the limousine, wondering if he'd changed his mind and decided to bed down with Lola.

She'd climbed back into the driver's seat and was just ready to call in and ask permission to leave when she saw him strolling across the porch then down the steps toward the waiting car. Dani rested the cell phone back down and climbed out of the car. She'd better hurry and get the door for His Royal Highness, she thought cheekily, then grinned at her own private joke.

She made it to the door just as Storm stepped up to it and he had to wait for her to grasp the handle and pull it open.

"You seem to be in a good mood," he said dryly then climbed into the limousine.

That was when she realized she still had the silly grin on her face. So much for private jokes. The man must think she'd been hitting the bottle while he'd gone to put Sleeping Beauty to bed. She wiped the smile off her face real fast. The last thing she needed was a report getting back to Tony that he had a weirdo on his staff.

The journey to Storm's place would take another twenty minutes and Dani began to sweat. She'd forgotten to roll up the separating glass while Storm was away and she was dying to do it now but wouldn't that be too obvious? What if he objected? In the meanwhile he had a perfect view of the back of her head and she could feel something tickling the back of her neck. Christ, had a coil of hair slipped out from under her hat and was now hanging down, giving her disguise away? She wanted to put her hand up to check but she couldn't, not while he was watching.

And she could feel him watching. The weight of his eyes was on the back of her neck. He wasn't staring out the window, he wasn't relaxing with his eyes closed. No, he was watching her. She didn't have to glance in any rear view mirror to know that. She could feel it.

Silently, angrily, Dani began to grind her teeth. What did this man find so fascinating about the back of her neck? She wished he would grab a glass of gin and drink himself into oblivion like any normal man would. Then she could drive in peace and not be sweating buckets like a pig in a tanning booth.

She was so deep in her angry thoughts that she jumped when she heard Storm's voice.

"So how long have you been at Tony's? I've never seen you before."

"Uh, only a week or so," she muttered. She had to remember to keep her voice deep and low. She was supposed to be a man, after all.

Although, thinking about it now, it seemed almost silly to be keeping up this pretense. She'd done it to protect herself from weirdos but now that she would have a fairly regular customer in Storm was that still necessary? What if she just told him who she really was?

But then she dismissed the thought as fast as she'd come up with it. Storm Hunter would probably be a regular but he certainly wouldn't be her only customer. And anyway, her boss had told her to keep things secret for her own safety. Better to just leave things as they were.

"So what are you into? Football, baseball, or basketball?"

Don't let him ask me questions about sports. I don't know a darn thing. "Hockey," she blurted out.

"Hockey?" He sounded incredulous. "You're Canadian?"

She gave a little laugh at that but it came out sort of high-pitched and she had to cut it short. "No, but my brother plays hockey. He was recruited for a team at the University of Notre Dame."

"Oh." He sounded unconvinced but Dani was glad that at least, in that, there was no lie.

Another good thing was that Mr. Sports seemed to be out of his element where hockey was concerned. Good. He shouldn't have any questions to ask her about that. Now hopefully he'd just be quiet and let her drive.

"So which teams are you rooting for in hockey?"

Dani groaned. Now why did he have to go and ask a question like that? What did she know about hockey outside of the little she'd picked up from Brian?

She began to pull at straws. "The one Wayne Gretzky's on."

"The one Wayne...hey, isn't he retired?"

Okay, so wrong answer. Time to change the subject, "Nice weather tonight, isn't it? A starry night, too."

"Huh?" Now Storm sounded really confused.

Dani sighed. She wasn't doing such a good job with the male disguise thing. What guy talked about the stars at night? It wasn't exactly the most manly topic of conversation. Thereafter she clamped her mouth shut and, thank God, so did he.

When they finally pulled into the driveway of Storm's palatial home Dani gave a sigh of relief. Freedom at last. She pulled up in front of the mansion and hurried around to get the door.

And just like last time his nearness threw her off. As Storm climbed out of the car he stepped very close to her, so close she wondered if it was deliberate. His invasion of her space made her take an involuntary step backward. She glanced up and, as tall as she was, he stood a good five or six inches taller. And he was staring down at her.

"How old are you, kid?"

"Twenty-two." The question came at her so suddenly she could only blurt out the truth.

"You?" he said with a laugh. "You don't look a day past seventeen. I bet you're still in high school."

She glared up at him. "I am twenty-two and I already finished college. I'm a preschool teacher."

Storm chuckled. "Tell that to your face. It's got a lot of growing up to do. My God, not even fuzz on your chin. You're as smooth as a baby's behind."

That made her step back some more. He was seeing too much. In a minute he'd figure out she wasn't who she seemed.

He was looking at her quizzically now and even though she'd deliberately stepped into the partial shadow his stare was beginning to unnerve her.

"It's weird but there's just something about you..." he began but his voice trailed off. Then he shook his head. "Nah, it's nothing. I must be seeing things." He turned and with the swagger of an uber-confident male he strode away. "Tell Tony I'll need you again next weekend. See you around, kid."

He didn't wait for a response. He took the steps two at a time and then he unlocked the door and was gone, leaving Dani standing there staring after him.

For a moment she just stood there contemplating what he'd just said. Finally, she closed the limo door and walked back around to the driver's seat. As she buckled up then started the engine she shook her head slowly.

She didn't know if seeing him again was such a good idea. All of a sudden the thought made her apprehensive. She was looking forward to it just a little bit too much...and that was really scary.

"Time for you to settle down, my boy. You're not getting any younger." Edgar Hunter leaned back in his chair and stared up at his oldest child.

Storm scowled down at his father and shoved his hands deep into his pockets. "Dad, I'm twenty-seven years old. It's not like I'm over the hill. There's plenty of time for that."

The older man nodded. "Yes, you're young but with my heart condition I could check out at anytime. I want to see even one grandkid before I go."

Storm flopped down into the chair across from his father's desk. "You can get grandbabies from Vanessa or Kathy. Why don't you go harass them?"

"Stop talking crap, Storm. You're my only son, the one who'll preserve the Hunter name. It's you I want my grandkids from." Then he shrugged and grinned. "Besides you're the oldest."

Storm could only stare at his father. It was absolutely no use arguing. He'd tried it many times before and the senior Hunter always came back to the same old question - when are you going to settle down?

The problem was, Edgar Hunter had been so busy making money in his younger years he hadn't settled down until he was in his late forties. By the time his first child was born he was already fifty-one. At a time when he should have been looking forward to grandchildren he'd just produced his first offspring. Now that he was in his late seventies he was ever more aware of his mortality. He was determined to see the face of his first grandchild before he left the earth and Storm was the designated deliverer.

"What about Lola?" Edgar asked, his rugged face brightening. "She really likes you. She makes that plain enough. And she's from a good family."

Storm groaned and raked his fingers through his hair. Not the Lola conversation again. He needed to get out of his father's office before the man drove him totally insane. He got up and pulled out his iPhone. "Dad, I've got to go."

"As usual," Edgar snorted. "As soon as we start talking serious business you run off. This is your future we're talking about, Storm. My future. The family's future."

Even as his father raged Storm turned and began walking toward the door.

"You can't keep riding motorcycles across the country and racing cars at the track. You're my only male heir, Storm. Remember that. And you'd better get married and get a child before you try those crazy stunts of yours again." By this time Storm was opening the door, intent on making a hasty exit.

"I'm going to speak to your mother about this. You can't keep refusing-"

"Bye, Dad." Storm pulled the door shut behind him and even as he walked away he could still hear his father ranting about all that he was going to say to his mother.

Storm could only shudder as he headed down the hallway toward the elevator. He knew that strategy well. His father was going to set the bulldog on him. If there was anyone who could wear a person down, it was his mother.

Storm spent the rest of the afternoon at his own office at Hunter's Run headquarters. He was getting ready to launch a new line of fashionable leather jackets for men and women. Italian made, they were of top quality, as were all his product lines. Hunter's Run clothing had a reputation for high style, quality and durability. And they didn't come cheap.

He'd be having a meeting with the advertising agency in two days and he needed to have all the relevant information ready. He was in the middle of working on the briefing when there was a light tap on the door and his executive assistant, Marisol, peeked in.

"You have a special visitor," she said with a bright smile. Marisol only smiled like that when someone from his family came by.

Storm's mood changed immediately. He could guess who was on the other side of the door. His mother.

"Let her in," he said, his voice little more than a grumble. He was not looking forward to the lecture he knew was coming. Why had he stayed in the same city, in the same state, as his parents? He should have moved hundreds of miles away while he'd had the chance. Then they wouldn't be able to just drop in at will. But it was too late now. He'd already bought a home on Earlston Road and he loved it. He wasn't planning to move for a long while.

"Hey, big bro. How're things?" A strawberry-blonde girl bounced into the room, her face all smiles.

"Vanessa," Storm said, and his face broke into a grin. "I thought it was Mom coming to harass me, as usual."

"Only me," she said with a laugh then dropped into the chair across from him. "I've been assigned to do the harassing for today."

"What? Not you, too." Storm frowned at his sister. "I never expected you to turn traitor on me."

She shrugged. "I had no choice. It was either come and pester you or have them bug me all day and night about Buster. It feels good to have the spotlight off me sometimes."

"I can't imagine why," he said dryly. "I mean, with a boyfriend named Buster who seems to have no greater aim in life than to sit around strumming his guitar pretending to be a country and western singer, why wouldn't you want the spotlight on you?"

"For the hundredth time, Buster is not a bum," she shot back.

"I didn't say he was. Those were your words."

"You implied it and that's just as bad." Vanessa was glaring at him now. "When he makes it big in the music business you'll all see."

"Yeah, yeah," Storm said with a wave of his hand. "So what were you instructed to come and harass me about?"

"The usual. Marriage and such stuff. Did Daddy tell you he had a scare the other day?"

Storm frowned at his sister. "What kind of scare?"

"Chest pains, shortness of breath. He thought he was going to die."

Storm felt his heart jerk in his chest. No matter that he was forever arguing with his father, he loved him. The thought that he could have lost him so suddenly filled him with apprehension. "Why didn't anybody call me? What was it?"

"We rushed him to the emergency room but it was just gas." Vanessa gave him a serious look. "We were lucky that time but it could have been worse. Far worse." For a moment she remained silent, just staring at him, the laughter gone from her eyes. "You know what he wants, Storm. You may have to give it to him."

Storm fixed his sister with a sober look of his own. She knew how to jab him right where it would hurt. And this time it did.

"So what's new with Lola these days?" she asked, changing the subject just as abruptly as she'd introduced it. "Are you taking her to the Vanderbilt party on Saturday?"

"No, I'll probably go alone. Or," he said, thinking out loud, "maybe I'll ask Stephanie."

"Why? She's so...unnatural."

"Okay, so she's a bleached blonde. So what? She's still good company."

"I don't know..." Vanessa seemed deep in thought. "Not exactly wife material."

"I'm not looking for a wife," Storm growled. "God, you can get on a man's nerves sometimes."

"That's what sisters are for," she said with a giggle and hopped up from her chair. "Anyway, I have to go. Buster and I are going out tonight."

"And Buster is husband material?" He cocked an eyebrow at her.

"Who said I was looking for a husband? I'm only twenty-three. I've got lots of years before I have to worry about that." She headed for the door then turned to smile at him. "Don't forget what we talked about," she said with a wave of her hand. Then she was gone.

After that Storm totally lost the vibes to concentrate on any advertising campaign. His whole family had ganged up on him. Talk about pressure.

For a long while he sat there at his desk just thinking. He had absolutely no intention of giving in. Like Vanessa he was a long way from being ready to settle down. In the meanwhile, though, he had to do something to get his family, and especially his father, off his back. But what?

With a sigh he got up and grabbed the keys to his custom-made MV motorcycle. He threw on his leather jacket and put on sunglasses. There was only one thing guaranteed to clear his head. He had to go for a ride. He'd hit the road on the back of his motorbike and let off some steam.

"Are you being good over there?" Dani chuckled into the phone. "Remember, I'm not there watching over you so I'm depending on you to be responsible."

"Come on, Dani. I'm a grown man. I know what I'm doing." Brian's voice was tinged with amusement. "You can stop being a mother hen now."

"Never will," she retorted. "As long as I'm your big sister you'll have to put up with it. Even when you're married."

Brian groaned then they both laughed.

Ever since he'd gone away to university Dani hadn't let a day pass without speaking to him. She knew she'd have to loosen the reins and let him find his own way but she wasn't ready. Not yet. After being his sole caretaker for the past four years it was hard to let go of her kid brother.

"Thanks for the money you put in my account yesterday," Brian said. "It came just in time for me to pay for my uniform. We have our first game tomorrow."

"Cool. Wish I could be there to watch you cream them."

"Sis, such violence," Brian reprimanded with a laugh.

"That's how I get by in life," she said unapologetically. "You do what you have to do." That had always been Dani's philosophy. She was practical and focused and dealt with life's issues head on.

They chatted for another few minutes then she glanced at her watch. "Listen Brian, I have to go. I've got to be somewhere by five."

"How come you're always running out in the evenings? Do you have another job?" Brian sounded concerned.

"Don't you worry your head about that," she told her brother. "You just focus on getting good grades and being the best hockey player you can be."

"But Dani, I don't-"

"Leave it alone, Brian."

"Okay, but there was one more thing I wanted to tell you."

"Fine, but make it quick." She glanced at her watch again. She could spare him three more minutes.

"I'm getting a part-time job off campus."

"You're what? Why would you want to do that?"

"I heard about a student exchange program and I want to go. I need to get a job to pay the fee. Can you imagine spending a whole year in Europe?" Brian spoke excitedly. "There's this guy who offered me a part-time sales job. I'll start next week."

"No part-time jobs off campus," Dani said in her strongest 'sister in charge' voice. "You're at school to study, not to take on jobs on the side. A few hours of on-campus work is okay but no jobs that will take you away from your studies."

"But the deposit is due next month. I really want to go."

"I'll take care of it," she said with greater confidence than she felt. "Just send me the details."

"Are you sure?"

"I'm sure I don't want you working when you're supposed to be studying. Now you be good. I've got to go."

She hung up the phone and reached for her chauffeur's hat. As she stuffed her thick hair under the crown her mind raced. Another bill for Brian and this one would run in the thousands. Where the heck would she get the money by next month? Every time she thought she finally had things under control something new came along and then she was back in the hole.

There was no time to dwell on that right now, though. She had a pick-up in half an hour and she could not afford to be late. When she got back she'd brainstorm. Her priority - how to make more money. Fast.

CHAPTER THREE

The week flew by too fast for Dani. Maybe it was because her three and four year old charges were particularly rambunctious that week, or maybe it was because Tony had overwhelmed her with pick-ups late into the night. Before she knew it Saturday had come around again and she was on her way to pick up her billionaire, Storm Hunter.

As she drove along the highway her mind went back to her conversation with Brian. It had been four days since they spoke and she was no closer to a money making idea than she'd been then. She couldn't take another job. There were just so many hours in the day and it wasn't like she could go without sleep.

If she couldn't increase her income then she'd have to cut her expenses. She didn't spend much on clothes and even less on entertainment. Who had the time to go out anyway? That only left one thing - housing. As much as she loved her apartment in Hyde Park she'd have to give it up and move to a cheaper place. She grimaced. She was not looking forward to moving farther away from Applewood School. She'd hate having to fight traffic to get to work.

Dani was forced to drag her thoughts back to the present. She was now at the gate of the Vanderbilt residence and would have to identify herself before being allowed onto the estate. She put the car in park, hopped out and went to press the button of the intercom then as the gate swung open she ran back to the car then drove slowly up the driveway. A couple of limos were already ahead of her so she pulled into the parking area alongside them and waited.

And waited.

Dani looked at her watch for what must have been the tenth time then she leaned her head back and groaned. Ten forty-two. She'd been scheduled to pick up Storm Hunter at ten o'clock but he was nowhere in sight. A few more limos had arrived in the last forty-five minutes and they all sat there waiting.

Finally, when it was almost eleven o'clock people began to exit and either head to their cars or their waiting limos. Dani ended up waiting another ten minutes before she spied Storm coming out of the front door, a voluptuous blonde on his arm.

By this time she was not a happy camper. He was almost an hour late which meant she'd end up signing off way past midnight.

As Storm and the woman approached, Dani tried to be professional and put a polite smile on her lips. It didn't work. Her lips stretched across her teeth but it must have looked more like a grimace than a smile. She couldn't help it. She'd never been good at playing the hypocrite.

"Hey, kid. Ready to roll?" Storm was laughing with the woman, probably at some private joke, and he looked like he'd just had the time of his life. Or was just about to.

I've been ready to roll for over an hour, she thought sourly. Still, she didn't give voice to her thought. With a brisk nod she opened the limousine door and held it wide for the smiling couple.

Storm helped the woman inside then just before he got in he looked directly into Dani's eyes. "What's your name? It's getting kind of old to keep calling you kid."

"Dani," she said, averting her eyes from his gaze.

"Danny. Cool. Let's get going then."

He slid in and Dani closed the door with a click.

Let's get going, he said. Not even a word of apology for being late. That was probably one of the perks of being a billionaire - never having to say you're sorry.

For this journey Dani made sure to keep the tinted glass rolled up. She had absolutely no desire to play voyeur or to even hear what her passengers were up to. But, like last time, half way through the journey there was a tap on the glass and she was forced to roll it down.

"Chauffeur," the blonde said, "can you make a detour, please? Storm needs to make a quick stop at the nearest drugstore."

Dani glanced in the rear view mirror. Storm was looking comfortable, his long frame stretched along the seat, and he was stifling a yawn.

"I'm good, Chrystelle," he said through the yawn. "No detours necessary."

The woman turned to him with a frown. "Are you sure? I thought you'd run out-"

"Nope, I've got some. We just need to get home. It's been a long night."

"Okay, whatever you say." She leaned back against the seat with a sigh.

Dani didn't wait to see any more. She jabbed the button to close the window and shut them out of her sight.

What was that all about? Her mind told her it could only be one thing, something she didn't even want to think about. But there it was. The thought crossed her mind and she could not get rid of it. They'd run out of condoms, or at least that was what the woman thought, and she'd wanted Dani to take them to replenish their stock. The nerve of her.

Dani gritted her teeth, angry that the insensitive couple - Storm and the woman both - had dragged her into their private affair. But there was another reason for her anger, a far more frightening one if she dared admit it to herself. She scowled, fighting the thought with every fiber of her being. Then after several minutes berating herself she gave a sigh of resignation. It was no use. Who was she kidding? Storm Hunter was with his date for the night, probably his lover, and she was jealous.

She could have kicked herself, she was so mad. How stupid could she be? She had absolutely no right to be jealous. She was only the chauffeur, for goodness sake, and one who was supposed to be a man. At least in his eyes. What made it worse, even if he'd known she was a woman she knew without a doubt that he'd have absolutely no interest in her. Why would he? He was a playboy billionaire with women falling at his feet and she was nothing more than a struggling schoolteacher with a brother to support. Why would he even give her the time of day?

Stupid to even think about it but that was how the mind worked. Her crazy brain had a mind of its own.

By the time they pulled into Storm's driveway Dani had regained control of her wandering thoughts and had stifled her wild emotions. She was back to her old self - solid, practical and calm. She went and opened the door then stepped back, confident that her face was expressionless and bland.

She had the hard task of staying serene when Storm got out of the car and held out his hand for the woman he'd called Chrystelle. She giggled and leaned into him so that he was forced to put his arm around her to prevent her from falling.

"Oh, Storm," she crooned, "you're such a gentleman."

He only gave her a crooked smile then looked at Dani. "Thanks, kid...Danny. You're on duty next weekend?"

"Every weekend, sir," Dani answered stiffly.

"Hey, no need to be so formal," Storm said with a laugh. "That's what you'd say to my old man, not me." Chrystelle began to sag and he wrapped his arms tighter around her. "Have Tony book you again for my pick-up." He was turning to go when he paused. "In fact, I'm heading to the airport early on Monday. I don't feel like driving so you can take me. I'll have my assistant arrange it." As he turned away he said, "See you then, kid."

Dani did not answer. He'd forgotten her name already. So if she was of so little consequence to him why did he insist on asking for her? It didn't make much sense. All the other drivers had been with the company for years. He probably knew them all, so why not ask for them? There were only two things that made her unique. She was a woman, which he knew nothing about, and she was the youngest on the team. That must be it. He must really enjoy calling her 'kid'.

As soon as she'd slammed the door shut she got into the car and started the engine, studiously keeping her eyes on the roadway ahead. She had no desire to see them go into the house together, no wish to prolong the torture. She'd had enough for one night.

As the wheels crunched on the graveled driveway she breathed a prayer but it was not a happy one. Dear God, why did I have to meet Storm Hunter? Why did I have to be attracted to him, and why does he keep requesting me?

She got no answer except the thought that she'd better get over this crush in quick time or else she would be in a heck of a lot of trouble. She'd been scared that she'd looked forward to meeting Storm again but things were worse now. The fact that she'd admitted to herself that she was actually attracted to the man was positively terrifying.

"Here you go, Chrystelle. Just take this and you'll feel better in no time." Storm walked over to the sofa where his guest lay like a daintily withering flower. "You've held up pretty good so far but there's no use torturing yourself any longer."

Chrystelle gave a soft groan and straightened up slowly. "It's so hard to put on a brave face all the time. It's exhausting."

"As long as you're here you don't have to," he said and sat down beside her. "Now here. Take this."

She took the aspirin from his hand and popped it into her mouth. Then she reached out a delicate hand for the glass. When the last drop of water was gone she pushed the glass back into Storm's hand and rested her head against the plush cushions. "Thanks, Storm. I needed that."

"I know," he said and patted her hand. "Now close your eyes and try to get some rest till Jack gets here."

The words had hardly left his mouth before a soft sigh escaped Chrystelle's lips. She'd fallen fast asleep.

Storm smiled and went to the kitchen where he put on a pot of coffee. They'd both had enough to drink for one night. He would just sip a steamy cup of the brew while he waited for his friend to come and pick up his wife.

He'd known Jack and Chrystelle since college and, from freshman year, he'd always known they would be a pair. Where Jack was a spontaneous adventurer Chrystelle was generally level headed and calm. They were the perfect complement to each other. When they told him they were getting married he wasn't the least bit surprised. It was like they'd been made for each other.

Tonight Jack had had to rush off from the party early to do an emergency C-Section at Chicago General, leaving Chrystelle in Storm's care. She was used to this kind of thing. As one of Chicago's top surgeons he was called on at all hours of the day and night. Tonight was just more of the same. Storm had readily agreed for Chrystelle to chill with him knowing that Jack would come by as soon as his magic hands had done their thing. He was quick, he was efficient and he was the best.

As Storm sipped his black coffee his mind wandered to the young chauffeur who'd taken him home for the second time in the space of a week. Danny, he'd said his name was. He frowned as he thought about the kid. There was something about him, something he couldn't put his finger on, that was needling him but what it was he couldn't tell. And that was why he'd asked him to take him to the airport on Monday. He had to get to the bottom of his unexplainable interest in this young man.

As a kid he'd always pestered his parents for a little brother and was more than pissed each time they produced a girl. But that couldn't be it, could it? He was almost thirty years old. He must have gotten over his 'kid brother' obsession by now.

He took another sip of coffee then shrugged. By the time Monday came around he was sure he'd figure it out. With his baby face and huge dark eyes Danny probably reminded him of one of his younger cousins. That had to be it.

Storm nodded in satisfaction. Mystery solved.

Today was going to be a great day. Dani was sure of it. How could it not, when she'd received such a wonderful surprise this past weekend?

After leaving Storm Hunter's residence Dani had driven the limousine back to headquarters and she was fuming. Midnight had long gone and now she had to make her way home, another twenty minute drive. She wasn't going to make it to bed until after one o'clock in the morning. Dani groaned just thinking about it. If there was one thing she loved it was her sleep and she was getting less and less of it each day.

She was surprised to see Tony still in the office when she went to drop off her key. She'd expected to see the night manager on duty.

"Ben called in sick," he explained, then he handed her a check.

"What's this?" she asked with a frown. "It's not pay day."

"No, but it's like pay day for you," Tony said with a smile. "That's from Storm Hunter. He told me to charge his account for the amount and write you a check. It's his tip for the two times you dropped him home."

Dani stared at the check then at her boss. She glared at him. "Is this a joke? Because if it is I'm not amused."

"No joke," he said, putting up his hands and backing off in mock fear. "The check is as real as the one you got last pay day."

"Are you serious?" Dani said with a gasp. "This is more than I make for a week."

"I know," Tony said with a grin. "Now aren't you glad I assigned you to a big tipper? Although he seemed to have gone overboard with you. I've never seeing him tip quite so generously." Then his grin disappeared and his eyes narrowed. "Did you tell him you're a woman?"

"Of course I didn't," Dani retorted. "How could you even think that?"

Tony waved his hand. "Forget I said that. Just take the money and be grateful. I'm sure it will come in handy."

"Will it ever," she said with a grin and tucked it into her pocket. This would be the first installment on Brian's trip to Europe.

And that was why this fine Monday, although it was only five o'clock in the morning, she was in a good mood. She was beginning to see light at the end of her tunnel and it was all because of Storm Hunter. Just for that she would ditch her serious face and be especially nice to him. He more than deserved it.

This time when she pulled up in front of his door he was ready. She would deposit him at the airport and he'd probably make his way to an exclusive lounge and then head off on a private jet. Then she would do a quick turnaround, get the limo back to base then dash home to change so she'd be at Applewood school by eight thirty on the dot.

After giving Storm a cheerful good morning which got her a sour look from an obviously still sleepy Storm, she opened the door for him then went to deposit his luggage in the trunk. That took some doing. There were only two full sized suitcases and a carry-on bag but the second suitcase felt like he'd either packed it with lead or had stuffed a dead body in it. While he lounged inside the car she pushed and shoved till she got them in, almost giving herself a hernia in the process. Still, she did it without a murmur of complaint. Whatever this man put her through, overweight bags or no, it was worth it.

Storm seemed to wake up on his way to the airport. With the glass partition down there was nothing to stop him from carrying on a conversation with her and for the first time since they'd met he seemed to take a genuine interest in her.

"So Danny, you're a school teacher, huh?" Storm asked.

She nodded but she didn't turn her head. "Yes. I teach preschool."

"So you teach in the daytime and moonlight as a chauffeur at nights and on weekends." He grunted. "When do you have time for fun? A young kid like you should be out partying with your friends."

Dani almost laughed out loud. What friends? She hardly even had time for herself let alone to socialize with friends. She didn't say any of that, though. "I get by," she said and left it at that.

For some time there was silence and Dani had begun to wonder if Storm had succumbed to his sleepiness when she heard his voice again.

"So, do you have a girlfriend?"

"Um, no...not right now." He'd caught her off guard. Where in the world was he going with this?

"I don't blame you, fellow. It's good to take a break from women sometimes. They're something else, aren't they?" He laughed softly, as if they were co-conspirators of some sort. "They're the most confusing creatures on the planet. Today they love you like you're the only man in the world and tomorrow they can't stand a bone in your body."

"Yeah, I know what you mean," she said, trying to sound like she knew what she was talking about.

"Trust me, don't be fooled by all the glitz and glamour that some of them bring to the table," Storm said with a snort of disgust. "The best thing you can do is find one who's honest and real. If you find a woman like that, hold on to her for dear life. That kind of woman is precious and rare."

Dani didn't have an answer for that one so she said nothing. Thank goodness he didn't press her. He fell back into silence and a glance in the rear view mirror told her that he'd leaned his head back and closed his eyes. To her relief he remained like that for the rest of the journey.

Now what had come over Mr. Billionaire to make him confide in her like that? He'd practically presented his life philosophy on the female sex. She chuckled to herself. If he only knew...

Storm did not open his eyes again until they arrived at the airport. He probably hadn't been sleeping as she'd thought because he knew exactly when to sit up and he seemed fresh and alert. At his instructions she drove through a separate gate and then was directed to a ramp at the end of which sat an impressive private jet. There were a couple of immigration officers in the area ready to process Storm so that he could head out.

He hopped out of the car and while he was speaking to the agents Dani popped open the trunk to get his luggage. The carry-on bag and the smaller of the two suitcases came out easily enough. Then it was time for the one with the dead body. Using all her strength she hauled it toward her then she bent her knees as she'd been taught, grabbed the handles and lifted the massive weight out of the trunk.

And that was when it happened.

The suitcase tumbled out and fell to the ground with a thump, dragging her down with it. She started to pitch forward and only had time to let out a yelp before she was falling, face first, toward the tarmac.

In a microsecond Storm was there grabbing hold of her before her face slammed into the ground. He'd grabbed her by the collar and the back of her jacket and as he hauled her back upright her chauffeur's hat fell off and her mass of dark brown hair tumbled down her back and covered her face, hiding it from view.

"What the-" Storm's hold on her slackened and she almost fell back to the ground. Then his hands tightened on her and he dragged her to her feet.

"Who are you?" His voice was full of outrage.

She pulled out of his grasp and pushed the hair away from her face. And found herself staring into the flashing, dark eyes of a very angry man.

"You're not a guy. You're a girl," he said, his voice incredulous.

"I think I know that," she said, deliberately keeping her voice light. Maybe they could both laugh this off. The situation was actually quite funny.

"Yeah, but I didn't," he bit out as he glared down at her. "Why didn't you tell me? Was this supposed to be some kind of joke on me?"

Now she realized there was no hope that he'd laugh it off. Where was his sense of humor? "Look, I'm sorry I deceived you but it was for a good reason."

"Like?" he demanded then he glanced at the men who were staring at them. Storm grabbed her elbow. "Come over here. You have some explaining to do."

He marched her over to the far end of the limousine where they were partially hidden from view and only then did he let her go. "Now talk."

Okay, so it was like that, was it? He was going to play rough. Well, she could be tough, too. Dani folded her arms across her chest, lifted her face and looked him straight in the eyes. "There's no need for you to fly off the handle. I told you, I had a very good reason to conceal my true identity."

"So spill it," he said tersely.

"I had a scare my first week on the job. One of my passengers tried to grope me. I had to fight him off. I decided right then that I wouldn't put myself at risk again." Her voice was bold and unapologetic. If Storm Hunter didn't get it, then tough. "Ever since that night I've concealed the fact that I'm a woman. It's a whole lot safer, especially during late night pick-ups."

There was a flicker in Storm's eye then the tightness in his jaws slackened - just barely. "Well you could have told me. I wasn't going to grope you. And I talked to you like you were a guy."

So that was it. It wasn't just that she had deceived him, it was that she'd deceived him so well that he'd shared some private thoughts with her, thoughts he'd probably only have shared with a man.

"I know and I'm sorry. But I'd already started being Danny the guy when I met you." She shrugged. "I couldn't very well just abandon that. And anyway, Tony asked me to maintain the disguise. He thought it was safer for me and his business."

Storm was still frowning at her, seeming unconvinced with her line of reasoning. Then he expelled his breath and shook his head. "So what's your real name, anyway?"

"It's Dani."

"Yeah, right."

"No, it is. Really. I'm Dani with an I. It's short for Danielle."

He looked at her through narrowed eyes. "And are you really a school teacher?"

She nodded. "Everything I've said to you is true. Except for the being a guy part, which I never said. You were the one who assumed I was a guy so I never lied to you."

"No, but you let me go on believing a false assumption."

"Listen, I've already apologized to you and I'm not going to do it again. If you can't understand the reason for my disguise then I can't help you." She set her mouth in a rebellious pout and refused to back down. Billionaire or not, she was not about to let any man intimidate her.

That seemed to take him by surprise. He was probably not used to a woman standing up to him. He stared at her for several seconds then slowly, almost imperceptibly, he nodded. "Alright, I take your point. But from here on don't even think of deceiving me again."

And with that he turned on his heel and stalked off, leaving Dani staring after him.

CHAPTER FOUR

An hour had passed since the grand revelation and Storm still could not believe it. He'd been duped. Danny, or Dani as he would now have to think of her, had made a sucker out of him. Jeez, was he so easily fooled?

The signs had all been there but he'd been too stupid to see them. Now, in hindsight, he didn't know how he could have missed the clues - the fullness of her lips, the softness of her cheeks, the silky smooth skin of her face. And each time he'd gone near her there'd been that faint fragrance of rose petals.

More than anything, though, he should have known something was wrong when the hair on his arms stood up each time she got close to him. He'd noticed it and thought it strange but then he dismissed it. But now he knew why.

Dani. She was different from any woman he knew. She was bold and confident and she'd actually stood up to him when he tried to intimidate her. He couldn't recall that ever happening to him except for his run-ins with his mother and mothers didn't count.

He began to smile as he thought about Dani and then his smile turned into a chuckle. He was actually beginning to admire her spunk. She'd certainly taken him for a ride and she refused to apologize for it.

Then a thought came to him and he frowned. She was practical, down-to-earth and she did what she had to do to survive. She might actually be the answer to a whole lot of his problems, the primary one being how to get his father off his back.

What would Dani the chauffeur think about ditching that job to come work for him - as his fake fiancee? His smile widened into a grin. He was sure he could convince her to come on board with his plan. She looked like she needed the money. Why else would she have taken on the chauffeur job on top of her teaching career? This could be the solution to both their problems. She needed money and he had lots of it. He needed a female buffer for his annoying family and she looked like the kind of woman who, once the job was over, would cut loose - no strings attached. She didn't strike him as the clinging vine type and that suited him perfectly.

Satisfied, Storm leaned back to enjoy the rest of the plane ride. When he returned Dani would be hearing from him.

What he'd hand her on a silver platter was an offer she would not be able to refuse.

"You want me to do what?" Dani stared across the table at Storm, not believing what she'd just heard.

"I want you to be my fiancee for hire." A mischievous grin tickled his lips.

"Are you serious?" she asked, and for some reason her heartbeat accelerated as she awaited his response. "You're joking, right?"

"I'm very serious," he said with a smile. "I find myself in a bit of a dilemma. My father insists that I find a wife and settle down. He's decided that he'll be dead in the very near future and is determined that he should see the face of his grandchild before he departs. My child."

Dani sucked in her breath and glared at him. "You want to pay me to have your child?"

"Hold on, not so fast," he said with a laugh. "I'm not going there. No way. All I want is to give my family the impression that I'm moving in the right direction. You see, he's got them all on his side. I just need a break from all the pressure."

"And you think having a fake fiancee is the answer?"

"It's the perfect solution," he said with a smug grin. "I get them off my back and you - if you agree - get enough money so you won't need to be on the road at all hours of the night." He leaned back in the chair and gave her a look of total confidence, as if she'd be crazy to turn him down.

Dani lifted her glass and took a long sip of her ginger ale. He was certainly full of it, thinking she couldn't refuse him. She had a good mind to give him a flat out no just to wipe that satisfied smile off his face.

To her surprise, on his return to Chicago he'd invited her to lunch, telling her he had a proposal for her, one that would be mutually beneficial. She'd been more than curious and had eagerly accepted his invitation, thinking he was going to offer her a permanent job as his chauffeur. She'd anticipated that he would offer her a salary that would exceed what she was earning with Tony. After all, if he expected her to give up her current employment he'd have to be offering her an increase. A position like that would suit her well, not only for the potential increase in pay, but also for the fact that she wouldn't have to worry about lecherous passengers. She'd looked forward to meeting with him to discuss the new arrangement.

And then he'd gone and sprung this mad hatter plan on her. He wanted to pay her to engage in yet another deception, this one far more dangerous than the first.

But she was nothing if not practical. She'd been racking her brains, trying to find ways to make more money, and here Storm had dumped a solution right in her lap. She would love to turn him down just to have the satisfaction of teaching him not to take her acceptance for granted but she didn't have that luxury. She needed the money.

She gave him a challenging stare. "I want at least double what I'm making with Tony."

He'd been tapping his fingers against his glass but when she spoke he stopped and gave her a nod. "So you're accepting. Wise decision. One you won't regret, I'm sure."

"And you'll pay me what I asked?" she pressed.

Storm gave a laugh. "Honey, your services are worth far more to me than that measly sum. You'd be closer to the mark if you aim for ten times your pay."

Dani's heart hopped in shocked pleasure. Could this really be happening? Then she narrowed her gaze. "You're not pulling my leg, are you?"

He looked amused. "Now why would I do something like that? What? You think I can't afford it?"

Dani remained silent. He had a point. That kind of money was nothing to a man like him.

"I want you to be comfortable when we go out," he was saying. "You'll want to dress nicely. You'll need money to do that."

It was then that she realized he wasn't being overly generous just for the heck of it. He'd clearly calculated her needs and that was how he had come up with his figure.

"I'll take it," she blurted out before she could change her mind. "When do I start?"

"I'd like to announce you to my family in the next few weeks," he said, "so our first order of business is to advise Tony that you won't be coming back and your second," he reached over and took her hand in his, "is to get to know me better."

Dani almost snatched her hand back, she was so surprised. She wasn't on the job yet so why was he holding her?

He must have seen her discomfort because he let her slide her hand from his. "You have to start pretending to like me, Dani. And that means touching sometimes."

She could feel the heat rising in her face. Shoot. She hardly ever blushed so why now? All he'd mentioned was touching and she was turning red. What if he'd mentioned sex? She would have probably looked like a lobster.

Not that she intended to hop into bed with him. Delicious as he looked a girl had to draw the line somewhere.

"We'll spend the next few days in each other's company. I'll show you some of the things I like to do and you can bring me up to speed on your interests. We can't be total strangers when we go to meet my family."

"Okay," she said slowly, "that makes sense."

"And I'll only monopolize your evenings. I know you'll be busy at the preschool until, what, four o'clock?"

"I get off at three," she said, "but you can pick me up at four. I only live five minutes drive from the school."

"That's convenient. Can you be ready by five tomorrow? I'll be free by then and can pick you up."

"Five o'clock is fine," she said with a shrug.

"Wear jeans and a comfortable top. We're not going anywhere fancy."

"Where are we going?" she asked.

He shook his head. "It's a surprise."

Next evening Storm showed up at her apartment right on time. The buzzer sounded at exactly five o'clock.

"I'll be right down," she yelled into the intercom. She was wearing jeans and a white shirt and she grabbed a light jacket on the way out the door. As she exited the elevator and entered the lobby of the apartment building she saw Storm. He had his back to her, his cell phone to his ear. Unobserved, she took the opportunity to admire his strong masculine frame, the breadth of his shoulders in his black leather jacket and the tightness of his butt in faded jeans. Talk about delicious. She would never say this to him but he looked good.

At that moment he turned and when he saw her his lips curled into a crooked smile. He said something into his phone, effectively ending the call, then turned his full attention on her.

"Very nice," he said, his look approving. "This beats you in a chauffeur's uniform any day."

"And...you look good, too." She might as well practice complimenting him. Most likely she'd have to do a lot of that in her future role as fiancee. And it wasn't like she'd be lying. He'd looked handsome each time she'd seen him in formal wear but now in jeans and leather jacket with just a hint of shadow on his chin he looked so much younger and a whole lot sexier.

He seemed to like the compliment because he threw her a boyish grin then gave her his arm. "Let's hit the road."

Dani got the surprise of her life when they walked out into the parking lot and headed toward a big black motorcycle. When they stopped in front of it she looked up at Storm in uncertainty. "Are we going riding on this?"

"Yes, we are. This is my baby," he said, his voice full of pride. "We've been together for three years now and she's never let me down."

"Well you just continue to have good times with your baby. Alone. I'm not going on that thing." Dani folded her arms across her chest.

"Oh, come on, don't tell me you're a scaredy-cat," Storm teased. "You've been such a tough cookie since I met you. Don't tell me you're turning chicken now."

"I'm not chicken," she retorted. "But I'm not stupid, either. Motorcycles are dangerous."

"What if I promise to go real slow and only on the local road, no highways?"

"Still dangerous," she insisted.

He stepped closer to her, so close she could smell the earthy fragrance of his cologne. Her eyes wandered up his torso and the expanse of his chest, over the square jaw with its barely-there stubble and up to his eyes that twinkled with undisguised amusement.

"Would you come if I told you I have two helmets?"

Slowly, she shook her head. "Not even then," she said but this time she was smiling. She'd meant to stand her ground with him but who could resist that crooked smile and the surprising dimple in his left cheek? And the fact that he'd let his hair grow a little longer until it curled at the collar of his jacket did not make things any easier.

She had to admit, the man was gorgeous. Second admission - she wanted to spend the evening with him and if the only way she could do that was on the back of a motorcycle then maybe she'd take the chance. As long as he promised to go really slowly.

"Come on," he wheedled. "You know you want to try it."

She drew in a deep breath then expelled it in a sigh of acquiescence. "Alright, you've worn me down. I'll go. But only if you promise to be careful."

Storm put his hand up in a brisk salute. "Scouts honor. You're safe with me."

I'm not so sure about that, she thought, but she didn't say it out loud. She might be safe with him on his motorbike but the closer she got to him, the more her heart was sliding down the slippery slope of attraction. She seriously could not afford to get caught in the mudslide. She was his hired help, not his girlfriend, and she would do well to remember that.

Dani reached out and took the helmet from Storm's hand then she followed his example and pulled the strap under her chin and snapped it closed. Then they were ready to go.

Storm flung his leg over the motorcycle and started the engine with a vroom, making Dani jump. He laughed at her. "Hop on," he yelled over the din, "and hold on tight."

She plopped her bottom on the seat behind him and wrapped her arms around his waist. Even with her fright at being on the back of a motorcycle she could feel and appreciate the taut muscles of his abdomen, and the feel of his strong back against her chest was wickedly delicious.

She didn't even attempt to play modest and maintain some distance between her body and his. She clung to him like he was her lifeline and she planned never to let go.

Storm revved the engine and then they were off, with Dani laughing and screaming all the way out of the parking lot.

If she'd thought being on the back of a motorcycle in a parking lot was scary she got the fright of her life when they hit the road and a car zoomed pass, so close that Dani's heart leaped into her throat and she couldn't even scream. "Please, Storm, please," she whimpered, "This is scary. I want to stop." This wasn't Dani the practical, Dani the brave. This was Dani the wimp but she didn't care if the whole world knew it. She just wanted to get off that motorcycle and on to solid ground. Now.

Storm must not have heard her because he kept on going, slow and steady at first then a little faster until he was keeping up with the rest of the traffic and passing some of the slower cars on the road. To his credit, he did not take the ramp that led to the highway even though that route would have made for a far more exhilarating ride. Instead, he turned off the main road and headed for a side road with just the odd car or van passing by.

They rode for several more miles and with each passing minute Dani's tension eased until she was pressed against Storm, not out of fear, but simply because she was reveling in this one chance she was getting to hold him close. Finally, they arrived at a wide open field with strips of paved road stretching for miles. It looked like an abandoned airport with runways that now lay bare. It was here that Storm let his baby fly.

Dani screamed but this time it was from the thrill of racing down a runway at full speed, feeling like they were in a plane ready to take off. With her adrenalin pumping, her heart racing and her mouth gone dry, all she could do was cling to Storm and shriek.

When he finally slowed the super powerful machine and pulled it off the runway Dani was panting like a dog in need of water. She slid off the back of the motorbike, unbuckled her helmet and staggered over to the grassy bank where she flopped down.

Storm laughed at her dramatic departure then he set the bike to stand, took off his helmet and went to sit beside her in the grass. He looked like he was trying to seem casual but he, too, was breathing hard.

Dani looked up at him as he leaned over her and she burst out in uncontrollable laughter. She had never felt so exhilarated in her life. This man had scared her half to death and then he had dragged her over the edge, past her fear, and into a daredevil realm that had her wanting more. When her laughter finally died down she was still breathless. "That was the greatest," she whispered as she stared up into his laughing dark eyes.

But then as she stared up at him something in his eyes changed. The laughter disappeared and he was looking down at her with an intensity that took her breath away.

As he lowered his head, blocking the sky from view, she closed her eyes and stayed still, afraid to move and break the spell.

And then she felt it, his mouth pressing against hers, firm yet mobile, demanding her response.

And she gave it. She responded with an eagerness that surprised her. She must still be high from the ride because, instead of pulling away in shock, she pressed her lips against his and her hands slid up and around his back.

He must have taken that as license to go farther because his tongue teased then probed and then he was plundering her mouth with a fervor that spoke of pent-up passion.

Dani answered in kind, kissing back boldly, giving in to the raw desire that flooded through her. Then she was clinging to him, pulling him into her, drowning in the feel of his rock-hard chest against her br**sts.

When he drew back to look down at her she moaned, wanting more of the same. Her ni**les were hard as pebbles and she could feel a trace of moisture between her legs. Even if she were of a different mind there was no denying it. Her body wanted him. But now he was moving away from her, taking his sweet lips and hard body with him.

Storm moved from over her and sat by her side. When he looked down at her, still lying on her back in the grass, there was a rueful expression on his face. "I don't know what came over me," he said, his voice slightly hoarse. "I just had to kiss you."

Dani gave him a soft smile. "I don't mind."

He gave her a real smile then and reached out both hands to her. "Come on, let's ride some more."

They stayed at that abandoned airfield a whole hour more, riding and laughing and enjoying each other's company. There were no more kisses that evening but Dani felt there was a connection between them that was special.

When Storm finally dropped her back at her apartment Dani was exhausted and happy. She couldn't remember when she'd had so much fun. Over the last four years her existence had been dreary, with her main focus being the care of her younger brother. She'd never had time to go out and have fun. She'd been made a parent at the age of eighteen and had lived a life of responsibility since then.

But this evening Storm had given her back the girlhood she'd lost. She'd been free and crazy and she'd had wild fun and for that she was grateful.

Storm walked her into the lobby of the apartment building then shoved his hands in the pockets of his jacket and looked down at her with a grin. "Now it's my turn to get to know a little about you," he said. "Tomorrow evening we'll do something you love. What will it be?"

That took her off guard. What did she love to do? What had she had time to do outside of work? She thought for a moment then an idea flashed into her mind. She grinned up at him. She had the perfect plan. "Let's buy some fabric and make a quilt."

Storm's smile faded and his brows lifted in what looked like horror. "Let's do what?"

"My mom loved to make quilts," Dani gushed, "and I used to help her. I've always loved the peace and serenity of needlework. I haven't done it in years. That's what I want to do tomorrow."

Storm frowned, the look on his face one of doubt. "Somehow you don't strike me as a needlework kind of girl. Roller-skating, maybe. Even bowling. But needlework?'

"You asked me what I want to do and that's it," she said, giving him a look of defiance. "So you get your stitching finger ready, mister, because tomorrow we're going to make a quilt. "

"Well, if you say so," he said, dragging the words as if they were the hardest things for him to say.

Dani gave him a firm nod. "I do say so. I'll see you tomorrow at five. Don't be late."

She waited for him to turn and watched as he crossed the lobby and went through the door, still mumbling in distress and confusion. She laughed to herself as, from the door, she watched him climb on his motor cycle and ride away then she headed back to the elevator, punched the button and headed up to her apartment.

She was still laughing when she went inside. Storm Hunter had forced her to explore a wild side she never knew existed. Now she would force him to explore his softer, more sensitive side.

It was going to be fun watching him squirm.

CHAPTER FIVE

"Lola, calm down. There's no need to be so dramatic." Storm had to grit his teeth to keep his voice calm and under control. The woman was impossible.

"Dramatic?" she shrieked as she clenched her fists and glared at him from tear-filled eyes. "Is that what you call it? No. This is dramatic." She grabbed a stapler from his desk and threw it across the room at him, missing his head by mere inches. He'd had to duck to keep from being brained.

"Lola, stop it," he said in his most imperious voice but it was like talking to a mad woman. She was already reaching for the heavy tape dispenser and he had to dive for it and wrench it out of her grasp.

"How could you do this to me, Storm Hunter? How could you?" Lola's face crumpled and she collapsed into a chair and covered her face with her hands. "I love you. You know I do. Why would you torture me like this?"

"Lola, please. I'm not doing this to hurt you." Storm let out a heavy sigh. He hated to see a woman cry. "You don't love me, Lola. Its just infatuation. It's only because our parents expect-"

"Don't tell me what I feel for you." She lifted her face and spat the words at him, her eyes flashing with a rage that made her look crazed. "For years I've waited for you. Years. And you led me on, making me think you felt the same way."

"But we never-"

"It doesn't matter. I was waiting for you till we were married. I know you had other women, playboy that you are, and I let you have your flings." She sucked in her breath, her nostrils flaring. "I was giving you time to grow up. He'll come around when it's time, I told myself. He'll settle down one day soon and when he does it will be with me, the woman who's loved him faithfully all these years."

Now Storm was getting pissed. What kind of guilt trip was Lola trying to throw on him when he'd never made any commitment, not even a promise, to her? Despite what their parents wished, as far as he was concerned he was not about to be forced into an arranged marriage.

"Get serious, Lola," he said, his voice cold. "We were never going to get married and you know it." He shook his head. "You turned up here suddenly and started with your usual antics, acting like we're lovers...which we're not. I had to tell you because this behavior has to stop. I can't play those games with you anymore."

"So that's all it was to you, a game?" Her voice was a bitter, broken whisper. "All this time I was loving you, you were only playing a game. With my heart."

She stood up then and hugged her purse to her chest like a protective shield. "And now you tell me you've got a fiancee. Where the hell she came from, I don't know. Well, if this is something you cooked up to humiliate me you can give yourself a pat on the back. It worked." With an injured sniff she turned on her heel and walked to the door. This time, instead of her usual 'Love you, darling', she opened the door then turned and said, "Don't think this is over, Storm. We are not going to end like this."

Storm let out his breath and shook his head then he dropped himself onto the leather sofa by the window. He hadn't meant to reveal the engagement - fake though it was - until after he'd announced it to his parents, but Lola had been more annoying than usual. She'd always been expressive with her feelings but today she'd become more physical, throwing her arms around his waist and planting an unexpected kiss on his lips.

It wasn't that he had anything against her. He was just tired of playing her game, a game that their parents wholly endorsed. And that was why he'd seized onto the idea of Dani as his fiancee. She was the perfect solution to getting everybody, including Lola, off his back.

The sad thing was, it looked like he had just created a brand new enemy.

Dani dashed around the apartment for the too many-eth time, making sure everything was just right. Her heart was pumping like she was on the edge of a cliff ready to bungee jump.

She could beat herself. She'd invited Storm to join her in making a quilt, not even thinking about where they'd be executing the project. Of course, it ended up that it would be at her apartment. She couldn't very well lay out fabric and put him to work in the lobby of the apartment building. And it wasn't like she had any other place she could take him to do that. It was too bad she had blurted out her idea without thinking about the consequences.

Number one question - what would he think of her modest apartment, with him being a billionaire and all? Number two dilemma - shouldn't she have suggested something that would allow them to be in a neutral place rather than an intimate setting such as her apartment? Number three disaster - now that she'd had a taste of him how was she going to be able to keep her hands of the 'merchandise'?

When the buzzer sounded Dani jumped. She was so tense she had to take two deep breaths before pressing the button to answer. Storm was on his way up to her apartment and she wasn't ready. She felt like she'd never be. She checked the mirror one last time then slid her damp palms down the sides of her jeans.

She heard the elevator door open then footsteps coming down the hallway, the heavy footsteps of a man. They stopped right in front of her door. She pasted a practiced smile on her face and opened up.

The face that greeted Dani was not the one she'd expected. Instead of a smiling, relaxed Storm she saw a man who looked like he wanted to be anywhere but there. His lips were drawn tight and he was almost scowling.

"Are you alright?" She stared up at him, momentarily taken aback, and then she stepped aside so he could come in.

"Uh, sorry," he said then just like that he seemed to snap out of his trance. It was as if he just realized where he was. The creases on his brow disappeared and his lips relaxed into a smile. "Forgive me. It's been a long day."

She nodded and smiled, accepting the apology, then reached up to take up his jacket. He shrugged out of it and as she went to hang it in the closet he looked around the apartment.

"Neat, " he said as his eyes roamed the living room then the dining room and the kitchen. He could take it all in with one sweep of the eyes.

She came back to stand beside him. "Neat as in organized or neat as in cool?" she asked in a teasing tone, trying to hide her nervousness.

"Both," he said. Typical man. He was playing it safe.

"Nobody says neat to mean cool anymore so I'll take it you mean organized."

"Okay," he said with a drawl then he gave her a quizzical look. "So where's the quilting stuff?"

"My, aren't we eager?" She laughed then directed him to have a seat in the living room. "I'll go get the basket with the supplies."

When she returned to the living room he was lounging in the sofa but as soon as he saw her he sat up and dug into his pocket. He came out with something small and shiny. "I brought my thimble," he said and held it up proudly for her to see.

Dani had to laugh at that. She set the basket on the coffee table and plucked the thimble off his palm. "Now where did you get that?" She could not imagine a man like Storm having something as domestic as a thimble lying around his house.

"The housekeeper," he said and now he, too, was laughing. "I told her I was going to learn to sew and she said to make sure to use a thimble. Then she gave me this one from her sewing kit. I didn't even know she had a sewing kit. Do people still use those things?"

"Yes, Storm, they do." Dani rolled her eyes at him then she smiled and shook her head. What did billionaires know about such things? She started pulling pieces of fabric from her collection and laid out each colorful section in front of him. "I pre-washed the fabric so they're ready to go."

He picked up a pink polka dot piece. "Why would you do that?'

"It prevents color runs and shrinking once we've completed the quilt. Just some preventative measures."

"Oh," he said then stifled a yawn.

Dani leaned over and gave him a playful punch. "Hey, you could at least pretend to be interested. You didn't see me falling asleep when I was on the back of your motorcycle." She picked up a few of the pieces. "Let's move this over to the dining table. We're going to need a lot of space for this project."

It took a while for them to get organized but soon they were busy following the simple pattern Dani had downloaded from the Internet. She was surprised at how quickly Storm caught on, following her instructions step by step, and even when he had to redo a crooked section she heard no complaint. He was plugging away, so deep in concentration, that after an hour and a half it was Dani who had to call for a break.

"You must be tired," she said. "Let me get you a drink."

"No, I'm good," he said, not looking up from his work. "Let's just keep going till we're all done."

"Let's not," she said and put her hand on her hip. "I'm exhausted. Are you trying to work me into the ground?'

"Hey, I'm enjoying this," he said with a laugh. "It's been a long time since I've had the chance to work with my hands."

"You? Work with your hands?" she asked in disbelief. "When?"

"My dad and I used to tinker around motorcycles when I was growing up. That's why I like the machines so much."

"Your dad? The Edgar Hunter? Getting his hands dirty with mechanic work? I find that hard to believe."

He grinned at her. "Billionaires are people, too. Don't think I didn't get my fair share of scolding for not tidying up my room."

"Seriously?" Somehow she'd thought rich kids didn't have to lift a finger. They had maids to do that kind of thing, didn't they?

"My parents didn't play around with us kids," Storm continued. "Sure, we had staff at the house to do the heavy stuff but we had our chores, too." He chuckled. "My mom even taught me how to cook and she's a stickler for perfection in the kitchen. Brrr." Storm gave a shudder.

That made Dani burst out laughing. "Anyway, mama's boy, you deserve a break so drop that quilt."

"Mama's boy?" Storm gasped in mock horror. "You just called me mama's boy? I'm going to get you for that."

Before Dani could move he'd come around the table and was reaching for her. She gave a shriek and dashed around to the other side. She glanced over her shoulder, thinking that he'd given up the silly chase, but he was still coming. With a yell she was off again.

She made it as far as the living room and that was where he caught her, his arms snaking round her waist to pull her back against him. With her back pressed against his torso and his arms a steel band around her she had little chance of breaking loose but still she struggled, her flight instinct kicking in, telling her she had to get away.

He was laughing at her futile efforts as he held her easily but then she turned round in his arms, catching him off guard, and shoved him in the chest. Storm stumbled back, collapsing unceremoniously onto the sofa, but he did not let go of her and she came tumbling down right on top of him.

He immediately seized the advantage. Quick as a cat he rolled over into the softness of the sofa, shifting her so she was pinned underneath him. Then, propping himself on his elbows, he gave her a crooked smile. "Now I've got you exactly where I want you," he whispered wickedly. "You are in my power."

He dipped his head and put his lips close to her ear. "Do you take back what you said about me being a mama's boy?"

Dani turned her lips to his ear but for a second she said nothing, keeping him in suspense. Then her whisper came, strong and bold and defiant. "Never."

"Wrong answer." With a growl he captured both her wrists with one hand and pinned them above her head then he lowered his head, his lips coming closer and closer till they were just a hair's breadth away from hers. "Last chance," he whispered and his warm breath tickled her lips.

"Never," she whispered again and then moaned as his mouth descended on hers, locking her in a passionate kiss from which there was no escape. He was in total control, his lips holding hers prisoner, his tongue tantalizing at first, testing her, teasing her then growing more masterful until she was gasping beneath him.

Still holding her immobile Storm released her mouth to slide his lips down her neck and over her collarbone. There he feathered her skin with butterfly kisses that had her squirming for a different kind of release.

Dani arched her back, wanting more of him. His sweet torture was driving her crazy. Her ni**les, now hardened points in her bra, were crying out for their own release, clamoring for his mouth, his lips, his tongue to caress and to soothe them. She sighed when his mouth slipped lower to kiss the tops of her br**sts and then he was sliding his free hand down the front of her blouse, loosening buttons until he opened the shirt wide, exposing her lacy bra and bare midriff to his heated gaze.

Only then did Storm release her wrists. "You're so beautiful," he whispered then cupped her br**sts in his palms, his thumbs making tantalizing circles over her ni**les as they poked through her bra.

Dani was panting now, and he must have decided to take pity on her because he hooked his thumbs in the top of each bra cup and pushed them down below her br**sts, exposing them to his view.

Dani almost cried out when he sucked a puckered nipple into his mouth, massaging it with his tongue, rolling it until she writhed in sweet agony. Then he moved his lips to the other and the hands he'd just freed reached up to cradle his head and pull him into her.

When he lifted his head she groaned and reached for him, wanting even more.

With a smile he pulled out of her arms then he began unbuttoning his shirt. As his hands deftly loosened button after button he spoke. "You've got condoms, right?"

The words were like a glass of cold water thrown in her face. Condom? Dear God, what was she doing? It had taken his words to slap sense back into her brain. It was like she'd been in a trance. But now she was herself again and she was not going any farther.

Dani sat up and shoved Storm off then she shot up off the couch.

"What's the matter with you?" His face registered shock and confusion.

"I'm not doing this," she muttered, dragging her bra back in place and quickly doing up the buttons of her shirt. As soon as they were done she lifted her head. "I'm your fake fiancee remember? Fake. That means no sex."

"But we just-"

"I know and I was wrong to let things get that far but you can get your shirt back on. This is were it ends." Dani's voice was cold. She knew she sounded harsh but her words weren't only for Storm, they were for her, too. How the heck had she let things get that far? She, realist that she was, should have known better.

Storm was one of the richest men in the country. He'd hired her to do a job and she'd gone falling in infatuation - because that was all it could be - with him. He was dangerously handsome, with his raven-black hair curling wildly and his dark eyes that seemed to read into your soul. She'd fallen under his spell but now it was time to break free.

She had to remain professional. She could not afford to be used and then discarded once he got tired of her. Because that was what they did, these tycoons. To them, women like her were nothing but toys.

She was glad she'd remembered that before it was too late.

Storm's clothes were back in order now and he was standing there, scowling at her, obviously annoyed by her sudden change of heart. "Do you want me to leave?" he asked through clenched teeth.

Dani sighed then nodded. "I think that would be best."

Without another word Storm turned and walked out of her apartment, closing the door firmly behind him.

Dani felt the fight seep out of her, leaving her trembling and drained. She sank down onto the sofa and put her hands to her mouth as she fell into deep thought. Had she just ruined her opportunity to give her brother the help he needed? Had she just messed up two chances by quitting her job with Tony and then practically ordering Storm to keep his hands off her?

Propping her elbows on her knees, she dropped her chin into her cupped palms. After what had just happened would Storm even call her again?

Damn and double damn. Storm slammed his palm against the steering wheel and blew out a frustrated breath. How could he have been so dumb?

He should have known better than to give in to his attraction to Dani. Of course she would be upset. He should probably be grateful she hadn't slapped him for coming on to her like that. He'd hired her, discussed money, and then had gone and practically taken advantage of her. Now she was probably feeling like he'd used her. Jeez, what if she thought he'd assumed he'd bought an all-inclusive package?

He shook his head. He honestly didn't know what had come over him. It was probably because he'd never felt so comfortable in a woman's company as he did in hers. She'd had him quilting, for Christ's sake, and he'd loved it. He'd probably have enjoyed it just as much if she'd pulled out a basket of old socks and told him to start darning. It wasn't the task that had him on a high, it was the company.

He blew out his breath in a sigh. He wanted Danielle Swift. There was no denying that. The problem was she obviously didn't feel the same way.

He tapped his fingers on the steering wheel and stared through the windshield of his Ferrari. Now he was faced with a nagging question - after what had happened, would she want to go through with his plan? He could easily think of twenty women who would jump at the chance to play this farce with him. But the only one he wanted was her.

It was not an easy task, admitting that to himself, not after she'd thrown him out of her apartment. But it was the truth. Now there was only one thing left to do. He had to apologize.

He dug into his pocket and pulled out his cell phone. For some time he stared at it, fighting the urge to give in to his male ego. What man liked to be rejected? But he had to do what was right. He found her number in the phone and pressed the green button to call.

She picked up on the third ring. "Hello?" Her voice was soft, hesitant, totally unlike the bold Dani he'd come to know.

"It's Storm," he said and started tapping his fingers on the steering wheel again.

"I know," she said then there was silence.

Come on, fool. Your turn. "Dani, I'm sorry about what just happened," he said, his voice strained. "I was out of line to come on to you like that and I apologize."

"I'm sorry, too," she said quietly. "It's not like I was blame-free."

Again there was silence, and for once in his life Storm struggled to find words. Finally he spoke. "So...are we still on for that visit to my parents in the next couple of weeks or...do you want to call it off?"

He heard her sigh into the phone. "I'll still do it, Storm. But you know this is dangerous, right? I mean, deceiving your parents like that? Don't you think they'll see through it?"

"Not if we do it right," he said. "If we just act like a normal couple they'll be sold."

"Normal?"

"Or as close to normal as we can get," he said, trying to clarify.

"Alright. I'll...see you in a couple of weeks then," she said, effectively bringing the conversation to an end.

"Right. See you then."

The phone connection went dead and she was gone.

Storm dropped the phone onto the driver's seat then turned the key in the ignition. The engine roared to life.

And that was the end of his evening. Not exactly the one he had envisioned but at least they were back on amicable terms.

He just hoped from here on he'd remember to keep his roaming hands off her. It was definitely not going to be easy.

The next two weeks passed far too quickly for Dani's liking. She wasn't ready. Not mentally, anyway. As she went down in the elevator she breathed in deeply then exhaled slowly. Calm down, she told herself, then clutched her purse strap tighter. Just because Storm's parents were super rich there was no reason to be scared. They were human beings, not aliens.

The elevator door opened and she stepped out. The pep talk she'd given herself hadn't really worked but now she had to put on a brave face and a smile. Storm was right there in the lobby and now he was walking toward her. Her fake billionaire fiance was painfully handsome as usual, in hip-hugging jeans and a close-fitting black shirt that clung to every cut of his muscles. Painfully handsome was the only way she could describe him because he looked so good he made her mouth water...and yet she could not touch him. And it was all because of her own stupid rules. Okay, so maybe the rules actually made sense but she just wasn't liking them right now.

Storm was right in front of her now. He gave her a bow. "Very nice," he said, his voice low and almost seductive. But not quite. He was probably being very careful, making sure not to cross any lines.

"Thank you," she said with a smile and her heart soared. She'd better get a hold of herself. All the man had said were two words, two very simple ones at that, and she was over the moon.

Storm held out his hands. "After you, madam."

She walked ahead of him and when she got to the door the sunshine was so bright she pulled up short as the glare hit her eyes.

Storm ran into her back, nearly knocking her over. His arms shot out to grab her and before she could react she'd been dragged back against his hard body.

Just as suddenly his arms dropped away, leaving her bereft. "Sorry," he said quickly. "Just didn't want you to topple over."

"It's okay," she muttered and stepped out into the sunshine.

He didn't have to draw back from her quite so swiftly, retreating as if she were some kind of leper. She'd wanted his arms around her, wanted the outdoorsy smell of him and the solid feel of him just a moment longer, but he'd dashed away. She was being unreasonable, she knew, but she couldn't help her feelings. Rules or no rules, her body wanted Storm Hunter's touch.

As they stepped out into the sunshine he pulled a pair of sunglasses from his pocket and slid them on. If she'd thought he looked sexy before, that was nothing compared to what he looked like in dark glasses. Now he looked both hot and mysterious, making her ni**les peak in futile anticipation.

Oh Lord, this was not working. They hadn't even reached the car yet and her body was preparing for love. She almost laughed out loud. Talk about pathetic.

Storm stopped in front of a fire-red Ferrari convertible with the top down. He reached down to open the passenger door for her.

"Very nice," she said, copying his words as she looked at the car with appreciation. "She looks like a fast one."

"She is," he said proudly. "Clocks zero to a hundred in four seconds."

She slid into the seat then eyed him. "I hope you're not planning to demonstrate."

He laughed. "No, not this time. I'm working hard to stay in your good books."

She could see that. He'd practically run away from her just seconds ago when their bodies touched. If that was what it meant to be in her good books then she'd throw out the darn books. Being a good girl was getting tired.

Storm went around to the driver's side and slid into the seat then they were off, his long-fingered hands holding the steering wheel and handling the car expertly. They were out of the city traffic and onto the highway in less than half the time it would have taken her to get there.

"You drive like a racecar driver." Dani watched in admiration as he handled the gears, revving up and shooting past so many other cars on the highway. She hadn't even seen a stick shift car in years but she remembered when she used to drive one. She'd actually liked the feel of the clutch and the shifting of the gears.

"Used to be one," he said casually, glancing over to give her a mischievous grin.

She looked at him through narrowed eyes. "You're kidding."

"Nope," he said and his smile was so smug she knew he was telling the truth.

"You, the first born of one of the wealthiest families in America, and your parents let you race cars? What were they thinking?"

He laughed out loud. "It's what I love, Dani. Fast cars, fast motorcycles and-"

"Fast women?" She finished the sentence for him.

"Wrong guess," he said with a chuckle. "I was going to say rock music. I love rock music." He reached down and switched on the radio and the music of Hootie and the Blowfish, 'I Only Want To Be With You', blared through the speakers.

That put an end to any further conversation so Dani leaned back and closed her eyes, the better to enjoy the song and the feel of the breeze whipping through her hair.

At that speed, in no time they were pulling off the highway and onto a local road. The closer they got to their destination the tighter Dani gripped the side of her seat. She had no idea what to expect. Would they be snooty and mean, immediately sniffing out her ordinary working class blood? Would they quiz her on things only rich people knew? She could just picture it - a discussion on quality wines, one in which she wouldn't even be able to participate because she didn't have a clue.

Before long they made another turn, this time onto what looked like a country road at the end of which stood a majestic mansion nestled among huge trees which had begun to sport the colors of autumn - yellows, golds and reds among the green leaves. Storm pulled up in front of it and hopped out to come around and open the door for her. Then, as if he knew she needed the support, he took her hand and they walked up the steps together.

Storm pushed the door open and as they entered the foyer he called out, "Mom, we're here."

"Finally. How are you, Storm? You need to come home more often."

Dani turned to see a tiny woman with short-cropped black hair coming down the hallway, her arms open wide. Storm stepped away from her and walked right into his mother's hug. "How are you doing, Mom?" He towered over the petite woman and had to bend over to hug her.

"Always better when I see you. You need to visit more often." She gave him a playfully accusing look. "Are you trying to avoid me for some reason?"

"Aw, come on, Mom," Storm said, looking almost guilty. "I come when I can."

Mrs. Hunter's hrumph told him what she thought of that. She did not respond to her son's defense. Instead she turned to look at Dani. "And who do we have here? Aren't you going to introduce me, Storm?"

"Of course." Storm took Dani's hand and pulled her forward. "Mom, I'd like you to meet Danielle Swift, my best kept secret."

"Secret is right," Mrs. Hunter said softly as she stared up at Dani. "Welcome to Hunter's Lodge, Dani."

"Thank you," Dani replied, almost feeling like she should do a curtsy. Although small, Mrs. Hunter was intimidating with her piercing gray eyes and regal posture. She looked like she should be sitting on a throne in England rather than presiding over a house on American soil.

"Mrs. Johnson has prepared a special meal to celebrate your spending the afternoon with us." She gave Storm a pointed look. "It's been such a long time."

Storms lips tightened but he said nothing. He simply put his hand under Dani's elbow and directed her down the hall after his mother.

Dani was beginning to understand the challenge Storm faced. Just by observing his mother who was obviously a strong woman she could sense that a lot was being demanded of him and he was expected to deliver. She could almost imagine Mrs. Hunter as a matchmaker-mother intent on selecting the perfect bride for him.

As tiny as she was, if Mrs. Hunter was such a powerful force what was her husband like?

Dani found out soon enough. Before she even got to the end of the hallway a booming voice shattered the cool quiet of the house.

"Storm, my boy, what breeze finally blew you our way?"

Edgar Hunter was a big man, both in size and personality, and when he came up to them and wrapped Storm in a huge bear hug Dani almost feared for his safety. As tall and muscled as Storm was, he was about half the size of his father. The man looked like he could easily snap his son's spine with that hug.

When they parted both men were smiling so Dani relaxed and smiled too, then Storm turned to her.

"Dad, this is Dani, the friend I told you about, the woman who's stolen my heart."

"Ah, ha. So this is the special girl you've been hiding all this time." His blue eyes twinkled in his weathered face and he opened his arms wide. "Welcome, my child."

Dani's eyes widened as she stared at the smiling man. There was no way she was going to step into that hug. He'd crush her like a bug.

Unfortunately, that decision was taken out of her hands when he took one step forward and gathered her into his arms. He released her a second later but she could honestly say that for that moment in time he had her fearing for her life. Okay, maybe she was being dramatic but goodness, how did a pixie like Janet Hunter manage with a giant of a husband like him?

"Now come, let's have dinner and get to know one another." Edgar led the way until they came to a majestic dining room with a table that looked large enough to seat forty. The room reminded her of the great halls in the castles of medieval times, it was so huge. Unlike those great halls, though, this room was bright and airy and the table was decorated with vases filled with a variety of flowers that graced the room with their fragrance.

To Dani's surprise dinner was not the elegant fare she was expecting - poached salmon or beef tenderloin in wine, caviar, and other foods of that nature. Instead, and much to her delight, they were served a salad with barbecued chicken, string beans, cornbread and macaroni salad. Dessert was her favorite - strawberry shortcake.

"How did you know?" Dani asked when the dessert tray was brought to the table. She looked over at Janet, as she'd now come to think of her. After the light banter during dinner she was no longer intimidated by the diminutive queen of Hunter's Lodge. "Can you read minds or something?"

Janet laughed. "Not at all, dear. When Storm told us he was bringing a special friend to meet us he demanded that we have strawberry shortcake for dessert."

Dani turned to Storm, still confused. "But how did you-"

"Our quilting session, remember? We talked about our favorite things." He shot her a warning glance.

"Oh, yes, that's right." She reached for her glass and pretended to take a sip of water, but she'd done it to hide her face which might be turning pink right at that very moment. She'd almost given the game away. They were supposed to know each other intimately so her expression of surprise would raise questions, to say the least. Thankfully, the Hunters didn't seem to notice her blunder.

By the time tea and coffee were served Dani was a bit more at ease, feeling like she'd passed the worst. The conversation was flowing and she was actually enjoying the company of Storm's parents. Edgar was so unlike her mental image of a billionaire. Somehow she had expected stuffy and serious, someone who might even look down his nose at her. He was the total opposite of that. Talkative and jovial, at one point he had her laughing so hard there were tears in her eyes. Janet, too, seemed to have softened toward her and they were soon engaged in an animated discussion about quilting techniques. Storm sat watching them, his lips curling in obvious amusement. He must be thinking what she was thinking - who would have known she'd find something in common with his mother?

The tea things cleared away, Storm reached over and took Dani's hand in his. "Mom and Dad, there is something I...Dani and I would like to tell you."

Janet straightened her back and her eyes brightened. Edgar cleared his throat.

"I think you may have already guessed. Dani and I are engaged." He gave her hand a slight squeeze, probably to reassure her.

Dani held his hand tight. He'd probably seen the nervousness in her eyes and felt the slight tremble of her fingers. The moment of reckoning was here. The Hunters had been friendly enough when they thought she and Storm were friends but how would they respond to the announcement that she might become a part of their family? "That's wonderful, honey," Janet said, beaming. She reached over and took Dani's hand. "Congratulations, dear."

They all turned to look at Edgar and he was grinning from ear to ear. "Well, thank God," he said in his booming voice. "Miracles do happen. I'll see Storm wedded and settled in my lifetime." He leaned forward to shake Storm's hand. "Congratulations, son. You're making a big step but it's the right one. A man's got to have a wife to be taken seriously in life and in business. Good move."

Dani released her breath in relief. Well, that had gone well, a lot better than she'd expected. She'd thought Storm would have to defend his choice, get his parents to accept her. She'd expected questions, lots of them - where was she from, what was her family background, what kind of business was she engaged in - but none of those came. Instead, they seemed so open and welcoming that Dani relaxed in her chair as she turned to look at her new husband-to-be.

Storm, however, was another matter. Where she had grown more comfortable with the situation he seemed to have moved in the opposite direction. She was close enough to see the dew of perspiration on his upper lip, and the tightness of his mouth spoke of a tension she'd not seen in him before.

What in the world was going on? Had he changed his mind? Well, if he wanted to back out of this twisted comedy it was too late now.

"Thanks," he said, his tone unusually serious at a time for celebrations. "Thanks for your well wishes and for making Dani feel welcome."

Well, that was a formal sort of way to thank your parents. She gave Storm a sideways glance then squeezed his hand. Come on, Storm, don't melt down now.

"And what's the date, son? Make it early. With my heart you know time is of the essence."

"Date...we haven't reached that far yet." By now Storm's face had a slightly pinker hue.

"Well, get cracking," Edgar, said with a laugh. "What ever thou doest, do it quickly. Didn't they say that in the Bible?"

"I agree," Janet said emphatically. "We've been talking to you for the longest time about getting serious about your life and the family business. The sooner you get the wedding out of the way the sooner you can take the reins and give your father a break."

"And start a family," Edgar did not hesitate to add. "I want to spend my retirement years playing with my grandkids."

Dani felt her face grow red at that request. Edgar certainly knew how to ask for what he wanted. Maybe that was why he'd been good at making billions.

"In time, Dad," Storm said distractedly, "in time." Then he looked at Dani, "Hey, do you want to see the tree house I built when I was a kid? It's still there."

Subtle change of subject, Storm, real subtle. Dani almost giggled. He seemed so desperate to get away from any further discussion of their engagement. She kept her face composed, hiding her amusement, and said in her best fiancee voice, "Of course, honey. I'd love to."

"Go ahead, kids," Edgar said with a wave of his hand. "Take her down to the stream, Storm. Nice and peaceful down there. She'll love that."

Storm got up and gave Dani his arm. He looked back to normal now, his face relaxed and smiling. "Are you a good climber? We'll go up and see what animals have taken charge of my old house."

She looked at him askance. "I don't know about that. "

He was just about to respond when Mrs. Johnson stepped into the dining room. "Excuse me," she said, "but Miss Lola has stopped by for a visit. Should I have her wait in the sitting room or should I send her in?"

Edgar and Janet turned to each other and a look of concern passed between them. Dani looked at Storm. His face had suddenly lost its color. None of those were good signs. And as Dani stood there, looking from one to the other, she could tell that what was coming was not going to be good.

CHAPTER SIX

Edgar was the first to speak. "Please ask her to make herself comfortable in the sitting room. I'll be right there."

Mrs. Johnson nodded and went back through the door.

As soon as she'd left Edgar spoke. "Is Lola aware of this change in your status?' He gave Storm a pointed look.

Janet nodded. "You know how she feels about you. I think she was expecting-" She broke off suddenly and gave Dani a look heavy with guilt. "I'm sorry, Dani. I don't mean to be disrespectful to you. It's just...well, Lola's been in the picture for a while so this could be difficult. You and Storm spoke about her, I assume?"

Dani looked across at Storm, waiting for him to speak. She was the fake fiancee but this was his game. He should be the one giving explanations.

"We were getting to that-"

He didn't get the chance to say another word. At that instant the door to the dining room opened and Lola burst in.

"Janet, Edgar, have you heard? Storm-" She stopped short and her eyes grew round in surprise. "You. So you're the one who's turned him against me." She was staring at Dani, her eyes flashing with violent rage. "You stole him from me."

"Now, Lola," Edgar said, beginning to get up from around the table. "Let's not-"

"No, it's true. She did something to him, bewitched him or something. Didn't he go out with me just weeks ago? He was supposed to be mine." As Lola spoke her voice grew higher with agitation and she began to walk toward the table.

"Okay, that's enough."

Storm's voice must have shocked her back to reality. She halted abruptly and stared at him, her face contorted in her distress.

Storm stepped forward almost blocking Dani from Lola's view and folded his arms across his chest. "Lola, you and I know that there is nothing between us. It's all been a fantasy, a lie you fed yourself for so long you began to believe it. And we did not go out together two weeks ago. We met at the party, remember, then you asked me for a ride home." He released his arms and shoved his hands deep into his pockets. He shook his head. "I'm sorry this has hurt you but you have to get real. You have to give up the pretense."

Dani almost laughed. Give up the pretense, he said. And what were they doing? Creating an even more dangerous lie.

"No." Lola gave a broken sob and reached blindly for the table, looking like she was on the verge of collapsing.

"My child." Edgar was immediately at her side, supporting her and directing her into a nearby chair.

Storm had moved, too, but when his father caught her he froze. He stood back while Edgar patted her hand and spoke soothing words to her.

"I'll get a glass of water." Janet got up and hurried out the door.

For a moment longer Storm hesitated then he approached the now sobbing woman. "Lola, please. Don't cry." His voice was quiet and low and his face dark and serious. It was obvious that he was not enjoying Lola's distress. "I hate it that you're hurting right now and that I'm the cause. If I could have done anything-"

"You could have loved me." Lola lifted her tear-streaked face and looked at him with stricken eyes. "Why couldn't you love me, Storm? What is it about me that you hate so much?"

"Lola." This time Storm's voice was full of frustration. "Let's not go back there."

Lola sniffed then grabbed at the handkerchief Edgar held out to her. She dabbed at her eyes then looked over at Dani. "And who's she? What made her so special that you chose her and not me?" She glared at Dani across the room then her hateful stare turned into a frown. "Where have I seen you before?'

Dani's heart almost reached her throat. What if she was found out? She and Storm would have a lot to answer to. Her eyes went to him but he was scowling at Lola. The woman had the power to blow their cover to the sky.

Suddenly the tears dried up and Lola turned her full attention on Dani. "I know you..." she said, her voice uncertain but then she repeated it, her voice more confident this time. "I know I know you. I just can't say from where." She looked from Dani to Storm then back to Dani.

"There's something fishy going on here," she said, "and I'm going to get to the bottom of it."

Her eyes fixed on Dani, she got up and thrust the now damp handkerchief toward Edgar. Then she turned and her back ramrod straight, she walked out of the room, leaving them all staring after her.

Dani's eyes went back to Storm. Now what?

"Well, the good thing is my parents love you." Storm took a swig of his beer then relaxed in his chair and stretched his legs out in front of him. They were at an outdoor cafe, one she'd never even heard of but he recommended highly. She did not regret his choice. Tucked into a cul-de-sac at the outskirts of an exclusive resort, its clientele included many of the rich and famous of the Chicago area. It had been two days since the drama with Lola, and Storm and Dani were just getting the chance to do a postmortem and discuss their plan of action going forward. After Lola had stormed out they - mostly Storm - ended up fielding a barrage of questions and by the time they left Hunter's Lodge they were both too exhausted to even talk about it further. This evening, though, they would have to plan their next move. Who knew when Lola would strike again and next time she might deliver the killing blow to their pretense.

"You hope your parents love me," came Dani's rejoinder.

"I know they do," Storm said without hesitation. "I could see it in the way my Dad warmed to you. Even my Mom who's a bit more reserved was into you. You could see that she was actually concerned about how you felt when Lola came by."

"I have to admit, they were pretty nice to me," she said as she brushed a stray curl off her forehead and tucked it behind her ear. The light breeze of the outdoors kept blowing wisps of hair across her face. A drawback of dining outdoors but one she could definitely live with. The fresh air and the warbling of the birds in the nearby trees made it all worthwhile. "Still, I don't think they'll be quite so welcoming when they find out who I really am."

"I know my parents, Dani, and they're not snobs. Of course they'll accept you for who you are."

"Not if they find out my role in this farce. They'll hate me for it."

Storm shook his head and there was a look of regret in his eyes. "It's me they'd hate. I'm their son and I'm the one deceiving them." He pushed the beer bottle away and leaned forward. "You know, when my father congratulated me he looked so contented that the guilt slapped me right between the eyes. I almost caved in and told them the truth."

Dani nodded slowly. "I remember. I could see you were uneasy."

"Uneasy is an understatement," Storm said with a grimace. "I felt like a dog to be deceiving them like that." He leaned back in his chair and gave her a rueful smile. "When I first thought of it, it had seemed like a great idea. I didn't know I was going to get soft when it was time to execute."

"So...do you want to call it off?" Dani spoke in a low, quiet voice, not wanting to give away her emotions. At his words her heart had jerked in her chest and it hadn't been a happy feeling. It was as if she could not bear for the bond they had to dissolve.

"Not on your life. We've gone too far to turn back now. And besides," he shrugged and lifted his eyebrows, "you've seen how Lola behaved. If she gets wind that this is all fake she'll be after me again and this time I won't be able to shake her loose."

"I admire your modesty," Dani said, laughing at the way he sat there looking so full of himself. "It must be very trying to have women throwing themselves at you all the time."

"Actually, it is," he said, his look earnest. "Try being a rich, not to mention startlingly handsome, man for a day and you'll see what I'm talking about."

"Oh, you." She laughed and leaned over to give him a playful punch. She was joking around about it but she could understand exactly what he meant. Of course he'd have women after him. He was an eligible and very desirable bachelor.

And that was why it was so important for her to keep her distance, at least from an emotional standpoint. Storm had his pick of women and when he was really ready to settle down he'd select his life partner from his own circle. She could not afford to start feeling soft toward him. If so, she'd do it at her own peril.

"There's a party coming up in a couple of weeks, one I've got to attend. And I'll need to have my fiancee on my arm." He cocked one eyebrow at her. "Are you game?"

Dani shrugged. "I'm always game," she said casually. "It's my job, remember?"

"Fair warning - Lola might be there."

"Oh." Dani didn't feel quite so confident then. The last thing she needed was the possibility of Lola launching another attack, this time in front of a crowd.

"Oh, is right," Storm said, his face serious. "We'll have to be prepared for just about anything. One thing we can't do is avoid the event. That would just raise suspicions. Lola already started questioning our relationship. We don't want my parents to start wondering, too."

"Oh," Dani said and then fell silent. She knew what he meant. They'd have to stay close to each other's side, hold hands and look like a loving couple. How in the world was she going to deal with that?

"Oh, again?" Storm chuckled. "Don't worry, we got through dinner with my parents and we'll get through this thing together."

She only wished she could be as confident. Needing to ease the tension, she decided to change the subject. "I need to be out of town this weekend. I hope it doesn't clash with any of your plans."

"Not at all," he said with a magnanimous wave of the hand. "You're free to go."

"Thanks," Dani said, more relaxed now. "I haven't been to see Brian since I dropped him off at the university. I want to take him some of his favorite goodies from home."

"You're going on a cross country trip. Sounds like fun." Storm had an eager look on his face. "Mind if I tag along?"

"It's not cross country," she said, bursting his bubble. "It's in Indiana so we'll only be crossing one state line. I'd love it if you could come along." Then, realizing that what she'd said could be interpreted in more ways than one she added, "I'd welcome the company."

"I'll come on one condition."

"What?" she asked, suspicious.

"You let me be your chauffeur."

"You've got it, chauffeur. Just as long as you remember that the highway is not a racetrack."

Storm gave a bow of acquiescence. "Whatever the lady wants."

Dani could only smile at that. She didn't dare divulge what had popped into her mind when he said those words. No, she would keep her mischievous musings to herself.

On Saturday morning when Storm picked her up in his now familiar Ferrari it was a perfect day. The sun, cheerful and bright in an almost cloudless blue sky, put her in an upbeat mood which Storm must have noticed because he gave her a wide smile, a quick hug and even a peck on the cheek then he bundled her into the car and they set off.

Dani grinned. She didn't know what kind of chauffeur he was, greeting his client with hug and kiss, but she wasn't complaining.

Under Storm's expert control the Ferrari ate up the miles in quick time and within less than an hour of leaving Chicago they were pulling onto the university campus. Dani directed him to the parking area then they headed for the student dorms in search of Brian.

"I'll call and let him know we're here." She took out her cell phone and dialed. She didn't even hear it ring before Brian's excited voice was on the line. When she disconnected she gave Storm a wide smile. "He's coming down to meet us."

She knew she probably looked like the Cheshire Cat in Alice in Wonderland but she couldn't help it. She'd missed her kid brother and she was looking forward to seeing him again, even if it was only to wrestle him to the ground and remind him who was boss.

She glanced at Storm then gave a surreptitious giggle. Maybe that wouldn't be a good idea, not in Storm's presence anyway. What would he think of her, a twenty-two year old woman seizing her brother in a headlock? He'd probably want to drop her off at the nearest mental institution.

Within a minute of speaking to Brian he was dashing out of Dillon Hall and down the steps toward them. He grabbed Dani up in a huge hug and spun her round then he grabbed her in a neck hold and tackled her to the ground, laughing the whole time.

Dani was laughing, too, not just at the sheer joy of seeing Brian again but at her futile plan to appear dignified in front of Storm. Brian had totally shattered that dream.

"I got you, Sis." Brian held her down for a second longer.

"Okay, you win, you win," she yelled.

Only then did he let her up. He was grinning as she righted herself and straightened her clothes.

"That was a surprise attack," she scolded and gave him a punch on the arm. "That was the only reason you beat me."

"Yeah, right," Brian scoffed. "I'm in college now, Sis. There's no way a girl can get me now, least of all my sister."

"We'll see," she said softly, making sure her voice reflected a quiet threat. "We'll see."

Then she turned to Storm. "I guess you know who this is."

Storm, who had been smiling at their antics, nodded. "The famous Brian Swift who you've been talking about all morning." He stuck out his hand. "Good to meet you."

Brian took it and they shook hands. "Yeah, same here." He stepped back and looked down at Dani. From his six foot two height that was easy. "Dani told me she'd have a chauffeur on her trip down her." He looked back at Storm. "You don't look like any chauffeur I've ever seen."

Storm laughed at that. "Blame your sister. She's the one who hired me."

The guys were still laughing when Dani clapped her hands together and said, "Okay, let's go. I've got a picnic basket full of goodies in the car but before we loose the human food disposal on it," she gave her brother a knowing look, "I would like a tour of Dillon Hall."

"Sure, I'll show you Big Red. Come on." Brian headed back toward the building with Dani and Storm right behind him. He took them through the lounges, starting with the one in the basement and the two on the main floor then up to the room he shared with one other freshman. As Dani expected, it was a mess.

She sighed. "Couldn't you at least have picked up the clothes from off the floor? You knew we were coming."

"Oh, yeah. I was planning on doing that," Brian said then he shrugged. "I guess I forgot."

Dani rolled her eyes. "God help the woman who becomes your wife."

After that Brian took them to his favorite place on campus, the dining hall which, to his great joy, was right next to the dorm. As he walked ahead of Dani and Storm, talking animatedly about the variety of meals offered, she touched Storm's arm.

"You can see what I had to deal with when he was at home," she whispered. "I was going broke keeping him fed."

"What was that?" Brian yelled back at them.

"Oh, nothing," Dani said but she and Storm exchanged an amused look and a smile.

After the tour they all went for a drive around the campus then they found a quiet grassy knoll with the perfect shady tree all red, green and gold in celebration of fall. There Dani spread out her blanket and laid out disposable plates, cups and flatware. Then, one by one she took out the plastic bowls and lifted the lids to reveal salad, cornbread, corn on the cob, potato salad and the piece-de-resistance, Southern fried chicken.

Brian rubbed his hands together in anticipation. "When did you make all that?" he asked. "This morning?"

"Yup. I was up before the birds. All for you, kid. Enjoy."

Storm shook his head and there was a smile on his lips. "I can see you and my mom have something in common. You're both fans of chicken."

She grinned and reached for a drumstick. "My favorite." That afternoon was one of the most relaxing times Dani had had in a long time. She enjoyed watching the men wolf the food down even though she almost had to fight to get a piece of the corn bread. People always joked about the appetites of growing boys but these were grown men. She'd marveled at how easily they packed away the pounds of food she'd brought.

After lunch she leaned against the tree trunk and listened to them talk animatedly about Notre Dame sports, with Brian giving Storm the low down on the latest wins in hockey, football and basketball. By the time they packed up the dinnerware and headed back to the car it was almost six o'clock.

Dani sighed in contentment, glad for a day well spent with her brother. And, if she were to admit it to herself, the new second-favorite male person in her life, Storm Hunter.

Back at the dorm Storm waited for Dani in the car as she walked up the steps with Brian.

"It was great spending today with you, kid. You look like you're doing good here."

"I am," Brian said with a nod. "I think I made the right choice, Sis. Notre Dame is a great school."

"Here." She dug into the back pocket of her jeans and pulled out a small roll of bills. "It's the money for your trip."

Brian's mouth fell open as he stared at the money. "All of it?"

"It's all here. Take it."

"Sis," he said, his voice soft with wonder, "How did you-"

"Don't worry about that. Just take it." She smiled at her brother, wondering if he knew how very much she loved him. She'd do just about anything to make him happy.

Brian took the money from her hand and tucked it into the front pocket of his jeans. Then he grabbed Dani and hugged her close. "Thanks, Sis. I love you."

"I love you too, Brian," she said and was surprised when her eyes welled up with tears. What was wrong with her these days? Please, she thought, don't let me turning into a softie.

They pulled away and Dani went down the steps and toward the waiting car. She turned and waved to Brian. "Be good," she yelled.

"I will." He waved back.

Storm pushed the door open and Dani slipped in, then they were off. She settled back in her seat, happy to relax and enjoy Storm's company. It had been a wonderful day and she never wanted the feeling of euphoria to end. When Storm switched the radio on and turned it to an easy rock station she smiled to herself. He would have preferred heavy rock music she knew, but he was just being nice. She liked that.

By the time they got to Chicago it was after nine o'clock. Being in no great hurry, they'd made a couple of stops along the way and Storm had cruised back to Illinois. It was like an unspoken agreement between them - let's make this day last as long as possible.

At nine-fourteen Storm pulled the car into the parking lot of Dani's building and switched off the engine. He gave a sigh, whether from tiredness or relief she wasn't sure, then he turned to look at her. "Thank you," he said softly. "I had a great time."

"No. Thank you," Dani countered. "You were the one who gave up your Saturday to drive me all that way."

He gave her a slow smile. "My pleasure."

The way he said it made Dani's breath catch in her throat. Why did he have to look and sound so sexy? He was a tempting dish that she was finding hard to resist.

"Would you like to come up...for a cup of coffee?" Now where had that come from? She hadn't planned to invite him up at all. She would have to blame it on the fact that she never wanted this day to end.

He must have been feeling the same way because his eyes brightened. "I'd love to."

"Great. I want to make sure you're bright-eyed and bushy-tailed for your drive home." She climbed out of the car and waited until he'd walked around to meet her then they walked to the apartment building in companionable silence.

Upstairs she directed him to the living room and gave him the remote control then headed for the kitchen. When she got back with a tray laden with coffee pot and mugs he was still flipping channels. When she approached he put the remote down and looked up at her, his face eager.

Was that look of anticipation for her or for the coffee? She bit her lip, trying hard not to laugh. Oh please, Dani, let's not get ahead of ourselves. It's the coffee the man wants, not you.

She rested the tray on the coffee table then sat at the other end of the sofa. She poured Storm's coffee and then hers while he flipped channels some more and finally ended on the Discovery Channel. They sipped coffee as they watched archeologists dig up a body they were convinced was the abominable snowman. When the coffee was done they sat there and watched some more until finally Storm put his hands on his knees and stood up.

"Well, it's been a heck of a day and I enjoyed every minute of it. It's getting late and I don't want to keep you so I'd better go."

"Where are you going?" Dani's voice was bold and imperious.

He stared down at her and his face registered his confusion. "Home?"

She stood up and folded her arms across her chest. "You're forgetting something. You're on my time and you don't leave till I say so."

Storm looked at her as if she'd gone crazy. "What the hell are you talking about?'

"I hired you for the day, remember...Mr. Chauffeur? The day doesn't end until midnight."

Dani didn't know where this bossy persona had come from but she was enjoying it. It was like she was rebelling against her own rules. Darn stupid rules, if she should say so herself. She'd always been the kind of person who went for what she wanted and tonight she wanted Storm Hunter.

She reached out and grasped two handfuls of Storm's polo shirt then plunked down onto the sofa, dragging him down with her. She immediately lay back on the pillows and cupped her hands behind his head then she pulled down so his mouth was pressed against hers.

Dani didn't know who was more surprised, Storm or her. Where had this aggressive Dani come from? Had one day in the outdoors driven her crazy?

Crazy was right. It was almost too outrageous to think about but deep down she knew..she'd gone and fallen stupidly in love with Storm and there was absolutely nothing in the world she could do about it.

He would probably say she'd fallen in infatuation with him, or it was just a crush because of their employer-employee relationship. But she knew. She knew without a doubt that this was love. What else could have her acting insane, doing anything to get this man's attention, to get him to want her?

The day they'd spent together must have been the tipping point for her. The feelings had been welling up but now they burst free from the dam she'd built around her heart and they were flooding her very soul.

Storm got over his shock real fast because, before Dani realized what was happening, she wasn't the one in charge anymore. He took control of that kiss, his mouth moving on hers, commanding then subduing her till she could only gasp then moan. He ignited the fire within her till she was kissing back with ardor that spoke of her need for him. God, how she wanted this man.

She tugged at his shirt till she'd pulled it out of his jeans then she slid trembling fingers over his rippling ab muscles and up to his chest. There she splayed her hands over the hard muscles over his breastbone then took his flat ni**les between thumb and forefinger and teased and pinched them till they were hard nubs under her hands. He'd done the same to hers so she knew the effect her caress must have on him. She was rewarded when he stiffened then moaned his ecstasy even as they kissed.

Dani knew that to get what she wanted she needed to be brave and bold. She'd already rejected Storm before and he'd certainly hesitate to go farther than a kiss. If anything was to happen tonight it would all be up to her.

Without hesitation she grabbed the edge of his shirt and began to lift it up, to take it off him.

Storm broke the kiss. "Dani, are you sure?" He asked in a breathless whisper.

She knew what the real question was. Are you going to lead me on then kick me out like last time? She needed to reassure him. "I'm sure," she said and pushed against his chest till he was straight enough for her to push his shirt up and over his head.

Now his muscled chest was exposed in all its glory and it made her mouth water. With her newfound boldness she leaned forward and covered a nipple with her mouth. She sucked that nipple until it peaked in her mouth and she did not stop until he gasped and reached down to cup her head with his hands. He gently pulled her from that nipple and directed her to the other, where she gave it the same caress. He groaned out loud.

Dani knew Storm was ready for her and all that she wanted to offer. He was kneeling over as she lay beneath him and she could feel his arousal pressing into the softness of her belly. She began to unbutton her blouse.

As he looked down at her she stared into his passion-glazed eyes. "I want you so bad," she whispered, her desire for him making her tremble. Her blouse was off now and she started attacking the clasp of her bra. "I'm so sure of this. I want you to be the first and only man for me." The bra was off now and her br**sts lay bare before him but she did not flinch. She had no shame, not when it was Storm looking down at her with desired-filled eyes.

Then, inexplicably, something in his eyes changed. "What did you say?" he asked, a frown now marring his face.

"I want you," she whispered. "Please don't let me wait."

"No, that other thing. Did you say...you want me to be the first?' His frown was getting darker which meant something was wrong. Something was terribly wrong.

"Y...yes," she said, hesitant. Could it be possible that this could make him angry?

He hopped up off the sofa so fast Dani literally felt the breeze of his departure. "You're a virgin?" he almost barked.

She sat up, her body going cold. "Yes, is that a problem?"

"What the hell kind of question is that? Of course it's a problem. I'm not into seducing virgins, if that's what you think."

"But...you're not seducing me. I'm seducing you." Dani stared up at him, confused. Then she remembered her bare br**sts and crossed her arms over her chest.

"For God's sake, get dressed," Storm spat, his face dark and thunderous. He turned away and picked up his shirt from the floor then put it on and tucked it into his pants. Then he looked at her.

"Let's not do this again. I don't have time for games."

And that was when he killed her. His words, so full of venom, were like a poisoned arrow to her heart. She lifted her eyes to him, her heart pleading, but she could not say a word. She could not even move.

He stared at her for a moment longer and she thought she saw a flash of...regret? Too soon, it disappeared and his face became impassive and cool.

"Goodnight, Dani." His voice was quiet, emotionless. To her it was even worse than his anger.

When Storm left, closing the door behind him, Dani was still on the sofa, shirtless, her arms crossed over her br**sts. She was staring straight ahead, her eyes unseeing, her heart feeling like it had died inside her.

In this very apartment she had rejected Storm and now he had rejected her. She'd been assertive, she'd been bold...and she'd been so foolish. Storm was her employer, not her fiance. She'd begun to live the lie. But today it had seemed so real.

And so Dani sat there, the hurt holding her immobile. She wanted to cry, so badly, but she would not give in. She was Dani Swift and she never cried. She felt the sob rise but she refused to let it escape.

And so she sat there, staring at nothing, while the tears streamed down her face.

CHAPTER SEVEN

For the first time in his life Storm was watching an NBA game and could not focus. If anybody were to ask him what two teams were playing he'd probably get it wrong, he was so distracted. Asking him the score at that point was futile. He was still seething. Why had Dani come on to him, knowing she was a virgin? He knew that a woman's first time was usually a significant milestone in her life, one she would not take lightly. She'd remember it for the rest of her life. And she'd remember him. How then could he casually have sex with her? And that was all he'd wanted, just sex. Nothing more. But she would want 'forever after'.

And there was no way he was going to commit to 'forever after'. Not now, anyway. Maybe when he was forty. Maybe even thirty-five. But now? Not happening.

Okay, so he was a coward. He didn't want to commit to anyone but that was why he had hired her, wasn't it? She was supposed to be there to keep women off his back and his parents out of his business. But she'd betrayed him. She was trying to complicate his life even more than it already was. Talk about a turn of events.

He rubbed his hands across his eyes and gave a sigh of frustration. He didn't need this kind of stress on a Sunday afternoon.

His cell phone rang and he gave it a suspicious glance. He didn't want to talk to anyone right now, least of all his mother or father. But it was neither one of them. It was Lola.

God, what now? Another drama? Against his better judgment Storm reached out and pressed the answer button. This had better be quick. He put the phone to his ear. "Yes?"

"Storm, I'm so glad I got you. I need your help. We need your help."

"We?"

"My friend Charlene, she's starting a new business and we desperately need your advice."

"We?'

"Well, she needs your advice. Not we, she. But I was wondering, can we come see you and discuss her business plan? We just need to know if it makes sense."

"Not now."

"Of course not, Storm. We weren't planning to come now. What about one day this week? What about on Wednesday?"

For a long while Storm did not speak. He was in no mood to deal with Lola or her friend. He was a busy man and on top of that he had a lot on his mind. But he knew Lola. If she didn't get what she wanted she was like an alarm clock that never shut up - the kind that kept moving and hiding till you'd chased it all over the room. As much as he hated the idea the only way he'd be able to get rid of her would be to see her.

"Come by the office at four o'clock," he said, his voice impassive.

"Four o'clock. That's a little too early for us. What about six?'

"I leave the office at five. It's four o'clock or nothing."

"I'll take it. I'll see you then, Storm," she said in a sing-song voice.

"I? I thought it was 'we'."

"Oh, yes. We'll see you then. Au revoir."

When Storm hung up the phone he gave up on the game, snapped off the TV and went to bed. It was the first time since the age of three or four that he'd be heading to bed while the sun was still in the sky but he just didn't have the energy to stay up any longer. He felt drained.

But in the bedroom sleep would not come. He lay on his back and stared up at the ceiling. What was happening to him? In his mind he kept reliving the previous day -the journey to Indiana, meeting Dani's brother, the fun they'd had on the way back...and then that disastrous night when she'd almost trapped him in her virginal dream. She was looking for a Prince Charming, not him. Not the man who hated the very thought of being tied down.

Storm had no idea when he finally drifted off to sleep but obviously he had because next time he opened his eyes it was Monday morning. And he felt lousy. And all he could think was, Danielle Swift, stop screwing with my head.

Wednesday came around but at four o'clock neither Lola nor her friend showed up at Storm's office for the meeting. He didn't bother to call to find out why. There was one thing he knew, though. They'd never get a slot on his calendar again.

That evening Storm was reading the day's news on his iPad when he heard a car pull up outside. He went to the door just as Lola hopped out of her silver sports car. She skipped up the steps, all smiles.

"Storm, you look so gloomy. Aren't you happy to see me?" She walked up to him and gave him a peck on the cheek.

"Lola. What are you doing here?" This woman was becoming an annoyance.

"The business plan, remember? We were supposed to discuss it today."

"At four o'clock."

"Oh, that. We got stuck at an event downtown. Couldn't make it."

He didn't bother to argue. What would be the use? "So where's the 'we' you've been talking about? All I see is you."

"Oh, Charlene couldn't make it," she said with a flippant wave of her hand. "It doesn't matter. I know all about the business. I can discuss the plan with you."

Storm seriously doubted she could, or if there was any plan at all, but he left it alone. He'd not been himself lately and he was not up to knocking heads with a woman as stubborn as Lola.

Once inside the house Lola seemed to have totally forgotten about the business plan. She made herself comfortable on the sofa in the den then found a way to cross her legs so that the slit in her skirt revealed a long length of thigh.

So she'd come to his house to flirt. Without being rude he'd have to find a way to extricate himself from this mess.

"Storm, honey, could you get me a drink? I'm so thirsty," she said, fanning herself with her hand.

"Water?"

"Chilled white wine will do nicely," she said. "Thank you so much."

It took all his willpower not to throw her out of his house. Gently, Storm. Just give her the wine then tell her to go. He left her lounging on the sofa and went to the kitchen. As soon as she'd had her drink she'd be gone. She'd already worn out her welcome.

To call him or not to call him, that was the question. Dani stared at her cell phone yet again, trying to shore up the courage and take the plunge.

Three whole days had passed since she'd last seen or heard from Storm and today, Wednesday, would make it four days. Since agreeing to play the role of his pretend fiancee this was the longest she'd gone without speaking to him and she felt as if she'd lost a limb. Was this what it meant to be in love? To be so consumed by another person that you couldn't eat, you couldn't sleep, from thinking about them? If so, this love thing was nothing but a nuisance. She'd been happy before she met Storm and now she was miserable. This kind of problem, she could do without.

She needed to talk to Storm, though. She had to tell him she would not be attending the party with him on Saturday night.

She was still staring at the phone, trying to work up the courage to make the call when it rang, making her jump. It was Storm. Ready or not, it was time to start talking.

She pressed the green button. Before he could even speak she blurted out, "Storm, I can't go through with this. I can't go to the party with you on Saturday night."

The response she got was surprising. Complete and utter silence. "Storm, are you there?" she asked.

The voice that came back to her was not Storm's at all. It was the high-pitched voice of a woman. A voice she knew. Lola's.

"Oh, please. Why would Storm take you to the party when he's got me?" She gave a mocking laugh. "In fact, we're all tied up right now. Aren't we, honey?" There was more laughter then the line went dead.

Dani took the phone from her ear and stared at it, not believing what had just happened. Storm had actually dialed her number and given his cell phone to Lola so the woman could insult her? How could he have sunk so low? With trembling fingers she laid the cell phone on the coffee table, her heart sinking to her toes. Storm must really hate her to do something like this. If only she'd never met him.

Dani's eyes welled up with tears and as they spilled over onto her cheeks she dabbed at them with a tissue. It was so sad, oh so sad. Why did they even make movies like this?

And yet, Steel Magnolias was one of her favorite movies. Each time she'd watched it she'd felt sad but she'd never actually cried until now. What was wrong with her? It was as if now she could cry at the drop of a hat.

What a way to spend your Saturday - watching old movies and bawling. She was reaching for another tissue when she heard the buzzer. Now who could that be, buzzing her at seven o'clock on a Saturday night?

Then she froze. Surely it wasn't Storm Hunter? She prayed someone had simply pressed her buzzer by mistake. She got up and pressed the button on the intercom. "Hello."

"Are you ready?" Storm's voice boomed back at her.

Her heart fluttered in her chest. "Ready for what?"

"For the party. I'll wait for you in the lobby."

"But...I'm not going."

That was greeted by silence. She'd thought he would shout, she'd thought he would rage. But when he spoke it was in a voice that was quiet, firm and ice-cold. "I'll give you until seven-thirty. If you're not down here by then you can go your own way and I'll go mine. But just remember, you'll have to pay me back every cent I've given you under this contract." He didn't wait for a reply and Dani was left clutching the phone to her ear, her body frozen in shock. Then she sagged in defeat.

She'd wanted to defy Storm. She'd wanted to hurt him as badly as he'd hurt her. But it was no use. He was too strong. He knew she couldn't pay him back and that was why he'd played that card.

She glanced at the clock. Two minutes after seven. No time to stand there pondering. She had exactly twenty-eight minutes.

Dani moved at the speed of light. She grabbed a dress of burnt gold from the closet, slipped on gold sandals then ran to the bathroom where she brushed the curls from her hair and fixed it into a sleek chignon. Then she applied make-up. Luckily she'd never been too heavy in this department so she was done in minutes. Then she dug in a box in her closet and pulled out her one elegant purse, a gift from an old family friend. Now she was ready and the clock read seven twenty-five. Just in time.

When Dani stepped out of the elevator she knew she looked composed and elegant. No one would have guessed she'd just been frantically dashing around the apartment. When Storm came forward to greet her she gave him a frosty look and a tight-lipped smile that would leave him in no doubt as to how she felt. She did not appreciate being bullied.

His greeting was just as cool. "Dani," he said with a nod then gave her his arm.

"Storm," she replied just as coolly, and slipped her hand into the crook of his arm.

They turned together and walked out of the lobby and toward Storm's waiting limousine, saying not a word until they were seated in the luxurious car.

Dani had thought that things couldn't have gotten any worse than that. But they did.

In the car there was no need for her to hide her true feelings. At the party, it was another matter. There, Dani was introduced to friend after friend of Storm's and each time she'd had to smile brightly and act happy and in love.

When they saw his parents the experience was even more trying. Whereas the friends merely greeted her, Edgar and Janet questioned them at length, even on matters that should have been personal. When were they going to start a family? If there were issues would they consider fertility drugs? They weren't married, hadn't even made the engagement public, and already they were getting the third degree.

Dani could see that Storm was not comfortable with the line of questioning. She was not surprised when he took her hand and asked her to dance. She knew exactly how he was feeling. Like him, she just wanted to get away.

They excused themselves and walked out onto the dance floor. Unfortunately, right at that moment the DJ decided to switch from the party beat of Rihanna's 'Love In A Hopeless place'," to the slow and sultry 'Crazy Love' by Brian McKnight. When Storm reached out to gather her in his arms she could hardly resist, not in front of all these people. As much as she wanted to stay far away from him she had to do her job and play the part of loving fiancee. He'd made it clear that shirking her duty was not an option and she planned on fulfilling her obligations to the letter.

Dani melted against Storm and gave him a look of love that she was sure could have won her an Academy Award. His look of surprise was enough to tell her the act was believable. And that was all it was - an act. Because from here on that was as far as she was going with Storm and not one step farther.

And so they danced in close embrace like any loving couple would, and no one could doubt their love.

The song had almost come to an end when they heard a clapping of hands and Dani, Storm and everyone else turned to see Edgar, looking grand in his beige suit with gold tie, calling for their attention. The DJ lowered the music and Edgar stepped forward, looking flushed and eager.

"Friends, I'd like to make an announcement."

There was a hush over the crowd as they all paused to listen.

"I have happy news," he said with a broad smile. "I don't think it's a secret that I've been hounding my son to settle down for the last couple of years. Well, folks, I'm happy to tell you that he has finally selected his bride-to-be and she is right there by his side tonight, Miss Danielle Swift."

A murmur went through the crowd and everyone turned to stare at the couple who stood frozen on the dance floor.

No one was more surprised than Dani. What had Edgar done? This was supposed to have been a game, nothing more, just something to keep the overly-eager parents happy for a while. Now Edgar had gone and made the whole thing public...without their permission.

Edgar and Janet were beaming proudly at them while Dani's heart was sinking into her shoes. She was not engaged to their son and never would be, not in this lifetime or ever. Even if she'd once held out hope of his ever loving her, she knew now that it was a hopeless dream. The man had engaged in the worst deception of all - at the same time he was playing games with her he was still leading Lola on. Obviously, he'd made the woman think she was still in the picture. What kind of man would do that? Unless he really did want Lola?

She had no chance to ponder that question because at that moment Storm put a firm finger under her chin and lifted her face to his and before she could react he was kissing her in front of the now cheering crowd.

It was too much. The betrayal, the shattered hope, the pain...and now having him kiss her like he was in love with her when they both knew it was a lie.

Distraught and furious, Dani pulled out of his arms, stepped back and slapped him across the cheek. Then she whirled, hot with humiliation, and ran across the dance floor and out the door.

CHAPTER EIGHT

Dani had nowhere to run. She had no car and because she'd stormed out of the place she had no purse. She wanted to leave. She wanted to get away from the reach of Storm and his friends and family. But how could she escape?

She hurried down the driveway, walking as fast as her high heels would take her. She would walk all the way home if she had to.

She heard footsteps and she didn't need to turn around to know who was following. She could sense Storm's presence from a hundred yards away.

He caught up to her in seconds and grabbed her arm. "What kind of stunt was that you pulled in there? You embarrassed me in front of everybody."

Dani jerked her arm away and turned on him. Even if she had no right to be furious, she was. "You deserve it, you beast. How dare you kiss me like you mean it when you have Lola waiting in the sidelines? Why didn't you hire her to be your fake fiancee?"

He frowned. "Lola? What the hell does Lola have to do with any of this?"

"Oh, don't play dumb with me, Storm. I'd respect you more if you'd just come clean."

"Come clean with what?" he almost shouted. "Will you stop talking in riddles and tell me what you mean?"

"Well, if you insist," she said sarcastically. "You called me Wednesday night and gave Lola the phone. What did you expect us to talk about? You?" She put her hands on her hips. "Or were you just trying to make a point, that if I didn't want to play the part you still had Lola to fall back on? What kind of a sick-"

"Hey, stop. You just stop right there." He put up a hand, silencing her. "First of all, I did not call you on Wednesday. Since last Saturday the first time I reached out to you was tonight." He folded his arms across his chest. "And secondly, there is nothing going on between Lola and me and there never will be."

He sighed and released his arms. He looked like he wanted to hold her but instead he shoved his hands into his pockets. "I think I know what happened. Lola dropped by my place uninvited Wednesday night. I left for maybe five minutes and went to the kitchen. She must have used the opportunity to find your number in my cell phone and call you." He shook his head. "You have to understand, Dani. Even though there was never anything between us, Lola sees herself as a woman scorned. She would do anything to destroy what we have."

Dani's heart lurched. "What we have?" she whispered, almost afraid to repeat it. "But...we have nothing."

Slowly, Storm shook his head and a smile softened his lips. "That's where you're wrong, Dani. We have everything. I was just too stubborn to admit it."

Dani stared up at him, confused. "I...don't understand."

"I don't blame you," he said enigmatically. "The truth is, I didn't understand either, until tonight." He took her hands in his. "Do you know why I got so angry last Saturday when you told me you were a virgin?"

"No," she said, frowning. She was still lost about that one.

"I was a coward, Dani, afraid of commitment, afraid of losing my bachelor lifestyle. When you told me you'd never made love before I realized that I couldn't be with you and walk away. You'd want more. And I was afraid of that." He gave a bitter laugh. "I was so darned stupid. It took the time I spent away from you, time I spent in misery, for me to realize how much I want you in my life." Then he gave her a look so open and honest that she could not doubt his words. "I'm tired of running, Dani. I want to commit and I want that commitment to be with you."

"And...Lola?" she whispered, holding her breath.

He laughed out loud. "And Lola. This is my commitment to Lola - to stay as far away from her as I can, so help me God."

"Oh, Storm," she said, her voice cracking, "I love you so much."

"And I love you, my sweet Dani," he replied, and put a finger under her chin to lift her face to his just as he had done before. He put his lips to her cheek, kissing away the tears that ran down her face. "I thought you said you never cry," he whispered.

"This time," she said with a sniff, "it's because I'm the happiest girl in the world."

He kissed her then, full on the lips, and she kissed him back with all the love she'd stored up in her heart.

It was several minutes before they stepped back and out of each other's arms. "Come," Storm said finally, "let's go back inside before they send the police to hunt us down."

She chuckled, took his hand and walked proudly by his side. There was nothing anyone could do or say that would make her feel embarrassed, not as long as she had Storm, her man, by her side.

As they entered the room everyone turned toward them but they must have seen something special on their faces because first one person started to clap, then another, until the entire room was clapping, welcoming them back.

Then, as if she hadn't had enough shock for one day, Storm led her to the center of the room and the crowd backed away, clearing a space for them.

Her heart leaped into her throat when right there, in front of his friends and family, he went down on one knee and took her hand in his.

"Danielle Swift," he said, looking up into her face with an expression of such devotion that her heart trembled, "will you be my wife?'

"Yes," she whispered, "a million times, yes."

The crowd erupted in whoops and cheers and as the whistles and yells filled the room Storm got up, gathered her in his arms and gave her a kiss that made up for all the other kisses she'd denied herself.

And Dani knew that this new job he was giving her, the job of being his wife, was one that would last a lifetime. She could hardly wait to start.

THE END

