CHAPTER ONE

Roman Steele stared across the boardroom table at his long-time business associate. "So basically you're telling me she's a spoiled brat."

The older man frowned. "Since you put it so bluntly...yes, I guess that's what I'm saying." Richard Van Buren laced his fingers across his stomach and leaned back in the chair. "She's getting me worried, Roman. She's all grown up now. She can't keep behaving like this."

"Don't you think you're being melodramatic?" Roman asked, slightly amused. "You said she's grown now. I would think the realities of life would calm her."

"That's the problem. I haven't exposed her to any of those realities." Richard shook his head then sighed. "Ever since her mother died when she was six I've been spoiling Serena, letting her have her own way. Trying to make up for the loss of her mother, I guess." His eyes took on a distant look and his voice trailed away.

"But you went overboard?" Roman prompted.

Richard grimaced. "I let her run wild for years. I thought with the supervision of the housekeeper she would be alright. After all, girls are supposed to be easier to raise than boys, right? Guess I was wrong." Richard smiled ruefully. He reached into his breast pocket and pulled out a brown leather wallet from which he took a small photograph. He slid it across the table. "This is my Serena when she was nineteen." He shrugged. "It's a couple of years old."

Roman picked it up and found himself staring at the smiling face of a girl sitting on the back of a shiny black stallion. She was breathtakingly beautiful with long chestnut hair floating around her heart-shaped face and a pretty pout that drew attention to the pink petals of her lips. Her eyes were the exquisite blue of the Pacific Ocean and in them was a bold defiance that spoke of the girl's confidence and spirit.

Roman raised his eyebrows. "So this is Serena," he said, almost to himself. "She's a beauty."

"That's the problem," Richard said grimly. "She's beautiful and she knows it. And she's also the daughter of a wealthy man who spoils her." His face turned sad. "This is not how I want things to be. I want my daughter to be prepared for the world. When I pass on she's the one who's going to take charge of the company and right now she's not prepared for any of that."

Roman tore his gaze away from the photograph and looked back at Richard. "You talk as if you plan to leave soon," he said with a chuckle. "You're as healthy as a horse."

"Yes, but you never know..." Richard tapped his silver pen on the table, his weathered face thoughtful. "Serena is finishing up college in a week. She'll be twenty-one with a Bachelor's degree in art history. She didn't even do her degree in business like I told her. How prepared can she be to take over the business?" He shook his head then smiled wryly. "I can't even rely on her to find a suitable husband. She's shown no interest in the guys who've come knocking. She'll probably keep rejecting them for years to come."

"So what are you going to do about this?"

Richard shrugged. "Short of forcing her into marriage with a man with some business sense, I have no idea." Then he grinned at the preposterous idea. "If only we were back in the nineteenth century."

Roman sat back and looked keenly at Richard. He could see that despite his attempt at humor the older man was distressed. They'd just finished up a business meeting where they'd discussed a possible collaboration between both their companies. They were considering a partnership in the development of a new line of skin care products. Out of the blue Richard started talking about his daughter. The situation was obviously weighing heavily on his mind.

"So let me get this straight," Roman said, folding his arms across his chest. "You have a daughter who likes to have her own way. She doesn't listen to you yet you give her whatever she wants. You've been doing this for the past twenty-one years and now you want her to settle down and get involved in the business?"

Richard gave a solemn nod. "I know I've been a terrible parent. And I know it's late. I should have been firm with her all those years." He gave a deep sigh. "She's not prepared, Roman. My daughter needs a crash course in real life."

Roman released his folded arms and leaned forward. "I have an idea that could help."

"Yes?" Richard raised his eyebrows, obviously curious.

"What if your daughter worked for me for a while, say for the next six months?"

"You would take her under your wing, be a mentor to her?"

"Right. I'll give her responsibilities that will equip her to help you in the management of your company. There's just so much you can learn within a six month period but I can structure her role and experiences so that they'll give her a foundation in business. You can build on that once her internship is over."

Richard looked doubtful. "You know she could easily get that experience at my office."

"True, but how seriously do you think she'd take her job knowing that she could leave work, go shopping and never get fired?"

Richard's lips tightened. "I see your point."

"Now I can't promise you that after six months your daughter will be an angel but what I do promise is that she'll leave my company with experience in the various aspects of business."

"Sounds good so far," Richard said, still with a hint of doubt in his voice. "I'm going to have to figure out the best way to break this to her. I know she had her heart set on touring Europe right after graduation but now this? She's going to have a fit."

"And you, dear Dad, are going to sit her down and let her know she starts work at Steele Industries the first week of July."

"That's just a week after she gets here."

"What better time to start? It will be before she gets used to being at home, all relaxed. She needs to jump in head first."

Richard nodded then he expelled his breath and on his face was a look of relief. He rose and stretched out a hand to his partner in crime. "Roman, as of the first week of July my daughter is in your hands. Let's shake on that." There was a twinkle in his gray eyes as he smiled. "I just hope you know what you're getting yourself into."

Roman grasped Richard's hand. "Don't you worry about that. By the time I'm done your Serena will be a new woman." He smiled, full of confidence, as he released the man's hand. "You can trust me on that."

******

Serena listened distractedly as her friends chattered away. Her mind was not with Tammy and Jan today. Graduation was just two days away and she was looking forward to her father flying from Toronto to be with her in New York for the ceremony. The day after graduation she would go back home with him where she guessed he would throw her a massive 'surprise' party. She knew what was coming so she'd have to start practicing her 'Oh, my gosh. I'm so surprised' look. Serena chuckled to herself. Her dad was so predictable.

Her smile widened as she remembered something very important. She'd had a great four years at the exclusive Alexander University and would be graduating magna cum laude. Daddy would be sure to give her a wonderful gift for that. She was dying of curiosity, wondering what it would be. The sun-yellow Porsche she'd admired on her last trip home? Diamond earrings? What if it was that Ferrari she'd pointed out at the auto show? Serena could hardly contain her excitement but she bit her lip and stayed silent. No, she wouldn't blurt her ideas out to her friends. She really didn't know what the gift would be. The only thing she was sure of was that it was going to be expensive. It always was.

"Serena," Tammy said petulantly as she pulled on her friend's arm, "you haven't heard a word I said, have you? I was asking if you wanted to go into Saks."

"That's fine," Serena said, slightly annoyed at being pulled out of her reverie.

"It's only two days before graduation," Jan said, raising her eyebrows at Serena. "Aren't you the least bit anxious since we haven't even bought our dresses yet?"

"We'll be wearing graduation robes," Serena said, rolling her eyes. "Nobody will see our dresses." Right then she wasn't interested in anything as mundane as a dress.

"We're going to take our robes off sometime, aren't we?" Jan pressed.

Serena sighed then turned her attention to her friends. She'd much rather head for the Gucci store to look at handbags or do her shopping at Prada but she felt a pang of guilt. She'd been ignoring them all day. Time to make them happy. "You're right," she conceded. "We need to get some new clothes. Let's go."

The shopping trip was pleasant and by the time Serena and her friends were finished she had six new outfits. She knew she only needed one for the graduation ceremony but the others had looked so beautiful she just couldn't resist the temptation of taking them too. And anyway, it was no big deal. She had a platinum card and her Dad took care of the bills every month. She didn't even see the statements. They were all sent straight to his office for payment.

"I'm tired," Tammy said, yawning, as they headed towards Serena's Mercedes Benz SUV. They were all loaded down with shopping bags.

"And I'm hungry," Jan piped up. "We haven't eaten since eleven o'clock and it's almost seven now."

"I heard of a new Chinese restaurant that opened up on 49th Street," Serena said. "Let's have dinner there. My treat."

The restaurant and the food were as exquisite as Serena had heard. The oriental tapestries that covered the walls were of rich black and red embroidered velvet and the wine-colored carpet was plush beneath her sandaled feet. The food was brought in ornately decorated silver bowls and, placed before each of them, were little plates that were toasty-warm to the touch. Steam rose from the various bowls, filling the air with a melange of delectable aromas, tangy, spicy and savory. Then the server brought a small wicker basket covered with a soft white napkin and the sweet smell of fresh-baked bread wafted towards them. Tammy picked up a tiny egg roll and popped it into her mouth.

"Delicious," she said, licking her fingers delicately. "You couldn't have picked a better place."

"I told you it would be great." Serena winked at her. "But just remember that diet you're supposed to be on. No appetizers for you."

Tammy groaned. "Please. Don't remind me." She looked longingly at the basket of bread rolls in the middle of the table then sighed. "You're right. I definitely can't afford to gain back those twenty pounds I practically killed myself to take off."

Jan chuckled and leaned over and gave her shoulder a squeeze. "You'll be alright, Tammy. We'll make sure you stay on track. That's what friends are for."

After their hunger had been assuaged the friends relaxed, sipping green tea and coffee. They were in no hurry to get back to the university. After all, tomorrow was Saturday and they would have a chance to sleep in late. They were deep in conversation when a shadow fell across the table. They looked up. There standing over them was Chad Thornwell, the university jock, a guy so full of himself it was a wonder he hadn't fallen in love with...Chad Thornwell. Then again, maybe he had.

"Hey, Beautiful," he said, eyes trained on Serena, "wanna hook up before graduation?" Then he stood there, muscular arms folded, grinning down at her. He looked so smug with his spiky blonde hair and bright blue spandex top that showed off every cut of his chest muscles. The glint in his eyes and the self-satisfied curl of his lips told a girl everything she needed to know. This guy thought he was God's special gift to womankind. Period.

Tammy and Jen, forever in awe of the college stud, looked at Serena and giggled. Then they started preening for him, Jan straightening her back so her tiny br**sts could finally be seen in her loose sweater and Tammy dabbing daintily at her lips with her napkin and peeking up at him with wide, worshipful eyes.

Serena rolled her eyes then looked away. Chad had been pursuing her all year...ad nauseum...no matter that he'd slept with half the women on campus. What part of 'no' didn't he understand? What could she say to get rid of him once and for ever? Then, like a whisper from an angel on her right shoulder...or more likely a devil on her left...it came to her. Just crush his inflated male ego, girl, right here right now in front of his adoring fans. Slam him when there's an audience and he'll be gone for good.

And then he did the unthinkable. In the middle of her ponderings he had the audacity to lean down and try to plant a kiss on her cheek, his face suddenly so close that, with a gasp, she drew back sharply. The nerve of him to try that. And in front of an audience.

Eyes wide, she leaned away from him then reached down and grabbed her purse. "Hold on just a minute," she gasped, feigning astonished awe. "I didn't expect that." She gave him a tremulous smile.

Quickly, she fished around in her purse then as her fingers circled the intended object she nodded. "There. Found it." She pulled out a pack of mint gum and held it up to Chad in full view of her friends and all those who had turned to watch. "Take the whole pack. Trust me, you need it."

Serena never saw a man back off so fast. He jerked back and when he straightened his face was red as tomato. His lips worked like he wanted to say something biting and couldn't find the words but he only flexed his muscled arms and glared down at her. What was he going to do? Hit her? He couldn't be that stupid.

With a flick of her head, Serena dismissed him. She turned her attention back to her sheepishly grinning friends, totaling ignoring the man glowering down at her. Then as if finally getting the message he turned and stormed out of the restaurant, almost bowling over a server carrying a tray of food.

"Ooh," Jan said, giggling out loud once he was gone. "You can be such a wicked witch sometimes."

"Sometimes a girl's got to do what a girl's got to do," Serena said, unapologetic. "I don't have time to waste on flirts."

"So how do you think you'll ever find a husband?" Tammy chimed in.

"Don't worry about her." Jan rolled her eyes. "That's how she's always been. She's a cold one. Never has time for guys."

"I'm not cold." Serena glared at her friend. "I'm just picky."

"You'll pick yourself right into spinsterhood if you're not careful." Jan grinned at her.

Serena was unperturbed. She smiled. "You never know. I may find the perfect guy in Paris."

"It's going to be great," Tammy said, her brown eyes sparkling with excitement. "Just the three of us traveling all over Europe. We're bound to run into some hotties."

"Yes, well," Serena said in her most snooty voice, looking down her nose, "I'll be going to Europe for the culture not to look for men."

"Yeah, right." Jan grinned at her.

Serena laughed then waved the server over for the bill. "You're right. I'm looking forward to this trip for more reasons than one. I can hardly wait."

CHAPTER TWO

Serena bounded down the wide staircase then walked quickly down the hallway toward her father's office. It was still very early in the morning but she liked to go riding when the dew was still on the grass and the air smelled fresh from the night. Her black stallion, Prince, would be ready and waiting for her and she would have the usual carrot in hand. He loved these tidbits and she enjoyed it when he stretched his neck and neighed in gratitude.

This morning though she would have to make a quick stop. The housekeeper had stopped by to tell her that her father wanted to see her before she headed out. It was probably going to be one of his usual lectures about being careful on her ride and not staying out too long and traveling with a cell phone. She shook her head and smiled to herself. He treated her like such a baby.

Even though she walked briskly it took her a little while to get to her father's study. The family home was massive, more like a mansion. Serena had always wondered why her father held on to it. There were only the two of them there outside of the household help. They had a housekeeper, a cook, a gardener and a chauffeur for just two of them. Not that she minded the service. But the house seemed such a waste on just two people. However, her father had insisted that it was the house he'd bought for her mother and even after her death he could not bear the thought of parting with it.

But Serena's real reason for wanting to move from her magnificent family home was that she wanted to be closer to the city, closer to all the action and her friends. Bridle Estates was no place to be when you wanted to hang out at parties and go on quick shopping trips. It was too far away from everything else. She loved the fact that she had a lot of space to do her riding. They were sitting on acres and acres of land. But sometimes she wished she had it all, the luxury plus the convenience. Like the Rosedale area. That would be perfect, an oasis of stately homes in the heart of the city. She had to start working on her dad, make him see the wisdom of moving.

Although she was wearing riding boots her feet padded along the plush carpet. When she got to the double doors of her father's office she knocked lightly then pushed them open and walked in.

"Hi, Daddy," she said brightly, even before she saw him. "Beth told me you wanted to see me?"

As she walked into the spacious office the black leather chair behind her father's desk swiveled round and she saw her father's smiling face. "Good morning, Princess," he said in his deep, gravelly voice. "You look well rested this morning."

"And you look tired." She threw herself down in the dark leather chair in front of him. "You look like you've been up all night. Have you been drinking?"

"No, I haven't." He smiled at her indulgently. "But I have been thinking. A lot."

"About what?"

"About you."

Serena frowned as she looked into her father's gentle gray eyes. "What about me?" Then her heart melted in realization. "Oh, I know what you've been thinking about." She jumped up from her chair and went quickly around the desk to put her arms around her father's shoulder. "I know you'll miss me, Dad, but it's only going to be for a few months. You can survive without me."

Her father nodded then patted her hand gently. "That's what I want to talk to you about, Princess." He took her hand and pulled her around to face him. "I'm afraid the trip is off."

Serena's mouth fell open. She pulled her hand away from her father's grasp and stepped back quickly. Then she jammed her balled fists on her hips.

"What are you talking about, Daddy? How could the trip be off? I've been planning this all year."

"I know." He sighed and clasped his hands across his middle. "But I'm going to have to change that plan. There is something that I want you to do that is far more important than a trip to Europe."

"What could be more important than my trip to Europe? That's supposed to be the last part of my education. The finishing touch, remember?"

"Serena, be quiet for a moment." Richard's voice was stern.

Serena sucked in her breath. He rarely spoke to her in that tone of voice. Something serious must have happened. She walked back to the chair she had vacated and sat on the edge. She looked across at her father and his usually gentle eyes were now sharp and businesslike.

"I want you to listen to very carefully, Serena." He rested his hands on the desk. "I love you very much but I have to admit that I've failed you as a parent. Now I want to make things right. I want to make sure you're well prepared for the world." He leaned back in the chair, loosened his arms and put a hand to his eyes as if in pain.

"Are you alright, Dad?" Serena got up and quickly went over to her father. "Is something wrong?"

"No, no." He shook his head and dropped his hand. His face looked grave. "I'm so ashamed of how I've handled your upbringing all these years. I have failed your mother."

"Daddy, why are you saying these things? You've been the best dad in the world. You've given me everything I've ever wanted."

"Therein lies the problem." He sat up straight and fixed her with a serious look. "Serena, I've arranged for you to work with Steele Enterprises assisting the president and CEO, Roman Steele. It will be an internship of sorts so you can gain some experience in business."

"What?" Serena jumped up from her chair and stared at her father. Had she heard right? "What are you saying, Daddy? I'm supposed to be traveling all summer. How can I be in Europe and work with this Roman person at the same time?"

"That's the thing. You won't be in Europe. You'll be working starting Monday."

Serena gasped. "That's in less than a week." She shook her head, confused. "What happened, for you to do this to me? I don't get it."

"That's what I was trying to tell you, Serena. I need to prepare you for the world. I'm not going to be with you forever. I want to know that when I leave this earth you're prepared to face the world alone."

"But I don't need to cancel my trip. I can do all of that when I get back. I'm only going away for three months."

"I'm sorry, Serena, but you have no choice in this." Her father's voice was firm. "It's time for me to put my foot down. You'll report to work on Monday and you'll be with Steele Enterprises for the next six months. You'll earn your own money, learn to budget, and your allowance will be suspended until the end of your internship period."

Serena jerked back, shocked into silence. Then she felt quick tears sting her eyes. "How could you? What have I done to deserve this? How am I going to manage without my allowance? It's not fair!"

"It's what has to be done. I can't prepare you for the world by pampering you. You're a woman now, Serena, not a child. From now on I will treat you as such."

For a long while Serena could only stare back at him, her dismay burgeoning till she felt she would burst into tears right in front of her father. That had worked for her in the past but somehow she knew it would not work for her now. With a sob of frustration Serena spun on her heels and stalked back to the door. When she got there she turned and glared at Richard.

"I'll do what you say because I have no choice but I will never forgive you for this." With that she marched out, slamming the door behind her.

******

Serena rode hard as she hit the open field. Her eyes were narrow slits and she was breathing hard as she leaned forward in the saddle but it was not because she was exerting herself. It was because she was seething. She could not believe her father was making her cancel her long awaited trip. He'd even threatened to cut off her allowance. In all her life she could not remember her father ever speaking to her in that way. And he'd said it was because he loved her. And he was showing his love by making her work for one of his old fogey business partners?

Well, she was going to make him change his mind. And she knew one way that she could do it. She would get an ally.

Within minutes she was trotting the horse up the dirt track to the back of her grandmother's house. She was lucky to have a grandparent who lived just a few miles away, someone who always had time for her and who listened to what she had to say. If Serena was upset about anything at all she knew that Grandma Sylvie would be there for her. This was one of those times.

Although it was not yet eight o'clock when Serena knocked on the kitchen door the smell of eggs and hot chocolate already wafted through the air. Within seconds the door flew open and Grandma Sylvie stood there smiling, her gray hair in rollers.

"What took you so long?" She took Serena's hand and pulled her into the kitchen.

"How did you know I was coming?" Serena stepped into the kitchen then gave the petite woman a quick hug. "Are you psychic or something?"

"No." Sylvie's eyes twinkled. "Your dad called. He knew you were going to head right here after the little talk you both had."

"He told you about that, did he?" Serena pulled out a chair and sat around the kitchen table while Sylvie bustled about doing what she loved best.

Sylvie loved cooking, especially for people who had problems. She'd often told Serena that it was her way of helping. If you came to her with your woes the least she could do was make your stomach happy. Right now she was making a cheese omelet just the way Serena liked it - with lots of onions and green papers wrapped in the middle. She quickly slid the omelet onto a plate and laid it on the table. She poured two glasses of orange juice then pulled out a chair and made herself comfortable beside her granddaughter.

"So. Tell me all about it." Sylvie put her elbow on the table and rested her chin in her palm. Her green eyes sparkled with interest. "Richard gave me his version but I know you're ready to share yours."

"He practically threw me out of the house, Grandma." Serena was pouting but she didn't care. She was so angry. "He told me I had to get a job. Can you believe it?"          Sylvie chuckled as she popped a piece of egg into her mouth. "Sure I can believe it. You just finished college so the next step would be to use those skills in the working world. Or did I get things wrong?"

"You're forgetting something. I was supposed to be in Europe a couple of weeks from now." Serena folded her arms across her chest and frowned. "That was supposed to be one of my graduation presents. You know that. Now I'm going to have to stay here and work for some old geezer." She shook her head. "I don't understand why he would do this to me."

"You'll understand in a while," Sylvie said as she reached over and patted Serena's arm. "Now eat something before you wither away. You're so skinny already."

"Oh, Grandma." Serena got up and began to pace the floor. "You just don't understand. Daddy is trying to sabotage all my plans and I don't get it. Why does he hate me?"

Sylvie burst out laughing. "You are such a drama queen. You know your father doesn't hate you. He loves you. Don't you see that's why he's doing this?"

Serena scowled. "This has nothing to do with loving me. If he did he would let me go away like I planned. My best friends are going."

"Serena." Sylvie's voice became serious. "Sit down and let me talk to you."

Serena knew when to obey. She went back to her chair and waited for the lecture she knew was coming.

"And stop fiddling with your fork." Sylvie slapped her hand and Serena pulled it back. "Now, young lady, it's time to wake up and smell the coffee." Sylvie gave her a stern look. "Your father...and I...have spoiled you rotten. You're a sweet girl and no one can deny that. But what is also true is that your dad has always given you everything you wanted, and so have I. I agree with Richard. You're a woman now. We can't keep treating you like a child." She reached over to take Serena's hands in hers. "You have a lot to learn about life, Serena. And remember, you are Richard's only heir. All your father is trying to do is to get you ready for life. You must understand that."

Sylvie put her hand under Serena's chin and lifted it so that their eyes met. "Do you promise me that you'll do what your father asks? Will you do this for me?"

Serena tried to look away but her grandmother's stare was so intense that she felt transfixed. When Sylvie dropped her hand Serena heaved a sigh of resignation then nodded slowly. "Alright, I'll do it." Then she set her mouth in a mutinous pout. "But if the old geezer I'm going to work for thinks I'm going to be his new gopher, he'd better think again. And he'd better be nice to me or else he'll wish he'd never met Serena Van Buren."

CHAPTER THREE

As Serena drove along Bay Street she was lost in thought. She was on her way to Steele Industries for her first day at work and she was not looking forward to it. In fact, she was busy thinking of ways to derail her father's plans to make her a 'working woman'. Yes, she'd promised her grandmother she'd give it a try but she hadn't promised she'd be a model employee. Maybe she could get herself fired on day one. She bit her lip, giving it some thought. Was that a good idea, though? Effective today she would no longer receive a monthly allowance and would need to earn her own money. And she'd have to survive that way for the next six months. She shuddered at the thought. She had never felt so trapped in her life.

She found the place easily enough and pulled off the road and into the parking lot where she slid into the last empty spot. The sign said reserved but right then she didn't have time to be choosy. She reached over for her Hermes handbag then slid out of the SUV, the slim skirt of her Chanel suit making it impossible for her to hop down. She put on her sunglasses then slammed the door and walked briskly toward the main entrance, her stilettos tapping loudly on the pavement.

Serena entered the lobby and for a moment was taken aback by the magnificence of the main entrance. The lobby was huge with a high cathedral ceiling from which a massive chandelier hung. The black marble tiles on the floor glistened and as she looked down she saw herself reflected in their sheen. The walls were covered in the same dark marble but those were accentuated with gold trim. The company logo on the wall and the handles of all the doors were in gold. She had to admit the building was impressive.

She approached the massive receptionist desk and, putting on her most formal tone, she said to the woman sitting there, "Serena Van Buren, here to see Mr. Roman Steele."

"Good morning." The woman acknowledged her with a nod. "Do you have an appointment with Mr. Steele?"

"Uhh, yes," Serena said quickly, too embarrassed to tell the woman that she was reporting for her first day at work. "He's expecting me."

"I'll have someone take you up." She directed Serena to have a seat in one of the soft black leather chairs along the side of the wall.

She'd been sitting there for less than a minute when a statuesque woman with raven-black hair exited the elevator and approached her. She was impeccably dressed in a wine-colored suit and matching pumps. She had the body and gait of a model.

"Ms. Van Buren?" The woman's voice was husky, almost as deep as a man's. Serena tried to hide her surprise behind a bright smile. She stood up and took the woman's outstretched hand.

"Yes, I'm Serena Van Buren."

"Welcome," the woman said then released her hand. "My name is Theresa Lederman. I'm Mr. Steele's personal assistant." Then her brows knitted. "Did you have a problem getting here? We were expecting you some fifteen minutes ago." The disapproval was evident in her tone.

Serena immediately bristled and straightened to her full height, not that it made much difference since Theresa Lederman had a good four or five inches on her. She gave the woman a frosty look. "I'm not used to driving on Bay Street at this time of morning. I had no idea the traffic was so heavy." Then she frowned, angry at herself for even responding. She'd never had to explain herself to anyone before. And who did this woman think she was to ask her about being late? She was nothing but a glorified secretary, after all.

The woman looked down at her and nodded. "Well, this is your first day so I can understand. But you will have to head out earlier tomorrow. Mr. Steele postponed a meeting specifically in order to meet you this morning and he's already lost fifteen minutes." She beckoned Serena toward the elevator. "Unfortunately, he'd wanted to spend at least an half an hour with you to get you started but now he'll only have a few minutes."

"I'm...sorry," Serena said grudgingly, suddenly feeling guilty for her previous display. She was going to have to check her attitude. She gave an inaudible sigh. Being an employee was not going to be easy.

At the tenth floor Theresa punched in a code and the glass doors automatically slid open. They entered another beautiful lobby, a smaller, more intimate version of the one below. She strode down a hallway then stopped in front of a door and knocked. Serena heard nothing but apparently the woman did because she pushed it open then stepped aside to allow her to enter. "Ms. Van Buren," was all she said by way of presentation then as Serena stepped into the room she pulled the door shut behind her.

Stepping hesitantly into the middle of the room Serena looked around at the expansive office, impressed with the elegance of its decor and the wide bay window with its impressive view of the city. A quick survey revealed that the long anticipated Roman Steele, the man who would hereafter control eight hours out of each of her weekdays, was nowhere to be seen.

Okay, now what? Stand here like an idiot or plop self into one of the chairs and wait? Where the heck was he, anyway?

As if in answer she heard the rustle of paper then a deep voice behind her. "Welcome, Miss Van Buren."

Serena jumped. She turned toward the voice then stared in wide-eyed surprise at the startlingly handsome man who filled her vision. Tall and broad-shouldered, he towered over her five foot three inch frame in an immaculate suit the color of midnight. Ink-black hair framed a tanned, rugged face that spoke of strength, power and pride. Eyes the color of black diamonds bored into her, making her flush under his intense scrutiny. When his firm lips curled in what could only be amusement, she dropped her gaze and her eyes sought refuge in the rich crimson of his tie.

She'd been staring like a doe caught in headlights but she couldn't help it. Roman Steele was so shockingly different from the middle-aged balding man she'd expected. Who could have known he'd look like he belonged on the cover of GQ? And why in heaven's name was her heart racing like she'd just done a hundred-meter sprint?

Serena took a quick breath, trying desperately to steady her pulse. She lifted her face again. "Where did you come from?" she asked, then cursed herself for sounding so breathless.

He cocked an eyebrow then giving her a crooked smile he waved his hand in the direction of a door which stood slightly ajar. "I was pulling a file from the vault." He seemed amused at having taken her by surprise. "Please. Have a seat." He waved her to a chair then went and sat behind his massive desk of deep mahogany. "I'm glad you could finally join us."

Serena felt her face redden at his sardonic tone. "I got caught in traffic," she began then bit her lip, realizing how easily the man had intimidated her.

She'd had a plan to come into this office and, through either intimidation or charm, get herself out of this predicament. She'd planned to get her new employer on her side, get him to talk to her father, reason with him about how unnecessary the internship was. She could see that intimidation was not going to work here. This man was too bold, too sure of himself...and too darned handsome. Risky as it might be she would just have to try charm instead.

She looked at him with wide eyes. "I'm so sorry I was late this morning, I really tried to be on time. It won't..." She paused, lowered her lashes and looked down at her hands. "It won't happen again," she said in a soft whisper.

Through the thickness of her lashes she peeped up at Roman and saw that he was taken aback by her response. She had to bite her lip to keep from smiling her satisfaction. Then his eyes narrowed and she quickly dropped her glance. She could not afford for him to read the true Serena. Not yet, anyway. Not if her plan was going to work.

"Good. I will appreciate punctuality in future." Roman's voice was firm.

Serena looked back at him, frowning slightly. She had not expected this. Normally, as soon as she started playing "defenseless maiden" all the men in her presence would jump to protect her and her feelings. She had expected Roman to tell her that it was okay, that she didn't have to worry about being late. So charm had not worked with him. Not yet, anyway. She was not going to give up.

"I wanted to give you a proper introduction to Steele Industries, tell you about what we do here and what you will be expected to do in your new position. That won't be possible seeing that we're having this conversation twenty minutes later than planned." He looked at her sternly.

She glared back at him, unable to stop herself. Her plan to charm this man seemed useless. He was much too overbearing. She could feel her face grow hot again but this time it wasn't from embarrassment. She was too angry to be embarrassed. The man was frowning at her as if she were a wayward child.

"According to what your assistant told me you still have about ten minutes before your next meeting. Wouldn't it make sense for you to make use of those minutes?" She gave him her haughty Serena Van Buren glare, the one she'd used to shrivel many a man who'd sought her attention.

Roman's eyes narrowed. He seemed unimpressed. "I would appreciate your remembering your position here."

"And what, exactly, is that position, Mr. Steele?" she said in challenge. "If you realize, you still haven't told me what I'm supposed to be doing here."

"As I'm sure your father already told you, you'll be working closely with me. You'll be my special project coordinator, assisting me in the launch of a new line of hair care products. You'll be involved in all aspects of the launch - product development, consumer research, marketing, sales and finance. "

Serena was silent for a moment, absorbing it all. Then she said slowly, "My father never told me any of this. It sounds like you plan to work me into the ground."

"The job will require you to work with various departments. This is what people do, Miss Van Buren. They work for their compensation." Roman's voice was unyielding. "You will be expected to carry your weight around here just like everyone else."

Serena bristled at his tone. "Mr. Steele, I want you to understand something. I don't need to be here. I'm only here to please my dad so if you think I'm going let you-"

"As my employee you will do as I instruct," he said coldly. "You may have thought you were coming here on holiday but you're here to work. And make no mistake, you will deliver."

"And if I don't?"

"Then be prepared to face the consequences."

CHAPTER FOUR

"Hello." Serena's voice was husky with sleep. She rubbed her eyes and peered at the clock radio on her night stand. Six o'clock. Now who in the world would be calling her at this hour?

"Wake up, sleepy head." Tammy's shrill voice was jarring.

Serena put the phone receiver away from her ear and glared at it. She could still hear Tammy's giggles from afar and she was not amused. She was still frowning as she put the receiver back to her ear.

"Tammy, why are you calling me so early in the morning? This had better be important." She sighed and shook her head. "Although I have a feeling it's not."

"I have Jan on the phone, too," Tammy said cheerfully, totally ignoring Serena's annoyed tone. "We're doing a three way so we can give you the good news together."

Serena yawned and stretched luxuriously under the down comforter. "What good news?"

"Tammy and I are leaving for Paris next week." Jan's voice was breathless.

"What? You're still going? Without me? We were supposed to do that as a group, as friends." Serena sat up in the bed, fully awake and peeved at this turn of events. She'd been planning this trip with Tammy and Jan all year and now they were planning to run off without her.

"But Serena, you won't be free for months. You're stuck in that job thing you're doing and we still want to go." Tammy could not hide the eagerness from her voice.

"We got another girl to join with us," Jan chimed in. "Remember Kelly Snow? We told her about the trip and she's crazy about the idea. You know we needed a third person to split the hotel costs."

"I was supposed to be that third person to help you guys out," Serena said bitterly. "And now all you do is stab me in the back."

"There's no need to be nasty about it," Jan scolded her. "You're not available right now and we still want to go. When we get back we can do lots of things together but this might be our last chance to fulfill our dream of exploring Europe. You can go any time you want. All you have to do is ask Daddy. But Tammy and I have to grab this opportunity while we can."

"I know," Serena said softly, "and I'm sorry. It's just that I was so looking forward to doing this with you guys. If I go by myself it won't be any fun. I just thought you would wait for me."

"You know we would if we could," Jan said soothingly. "We'll make it up to you, Serena. Promise."

"Just do your best on this job of yours and maybe your dad will be so impressed he'll give you an even better gift than a trip to Europe." Tammy's voice was softer and a little less shrill than usual as she tried to comfort her friend.

"Yeah, that job," Serena said with a sigh. "It's only my second day and I hate it already. The personal assistant is bossy and my boss...well, let's just say he's definitely not what I expected."

"I bet he has a paunch and a bald head and gives you googly eyes across the desk." Tammy had begun to giggle again.

"Not exactly," Serena said slowly, suddenly not sure she wanted to share everything with her friends. She had boasted so much about how she would 'wrap the old geezer around her little finger'. Roman Steele was definitely not an old geezer and wrapping him around her little finger was probably going to be as easy as wrapping cold steel around that digit.

Jan's voice broke into her thoughts. "Just let them know you're a Van Buren. Once you fix them with that cold stare they'll wither."

"Uhh, guys, I've got to go now." Serena cut in before Jan could say more. "I have to get ready for work."

"Doesn't that sound weird?" A chuckle followed Tammy's question. "I've never heard you say anything like that."

"Come off it, Tammy," Jan said, sounding annoyed. Then she said in a voice that was quiet and almost apologetic, "We understand, Serena. We'll let you go now. Call you later, okay?"

"Okay." She hoped they didn't hear the sob in her voice.

Serena hung up the phone and for the next few moments she just lay there, staring at the wall as the thought sank in. They were going to Europe without her. While they were touring famous museums, meeting charming Frenchmen and handsome Italians, she would be slaving away at a boring office job.

She shook her head, dispelling the awful thought, then slid out of bed and headed for the bathroom feeling abandoned and alone. Her friends had betrayed her and were heading off to have fun without her, with boring Kelly Snow to boot. Her father had shipped her out of the house, cut off her allowance and put her in this apartment in the city. Okay, it was a nice apartment but it wasn't home and she missed her dogs and her horse. Her father had turned out to be a cruel, cruel man. What was worse her grandmother who had always defended her now seemed to be on his side. She just could not understand why her friends, her family, the whole world had turned against her. It was not fair.

Then as she stared at her frowning face in the bathroom mirror her mind tiptoed back to Roman Steele. Gorgeous, heart-stopping Roman Steele. She had to admit, he was one of the most attractive men she had ever seen, with his deep dark eyes and glossy black hair that curled sexily at his nape. Olive-skinned with a strong, square jaw, he could give any of the Italian hunks a run for their money. The man oozed sex appeal.

But he was also a serious man. She'd seen that very clearly on day one. He was not one to mess around with. But still, she couldn't just bow her head and play meek, mild-mannered assistant like he probably wanted. No way. That was definitely not her style.

She glanced at the clock on the wall. A quarter to seven already? Had she been daydreaming so long? She began to strip. If she wanted to get to the office on time she'd have to be on the highway in the next forty-five minutes. Today she was not in the mood to be chewed out by Roman Steele.

Or was she? Serena lifted her face to the mirror again and this time a look of mischief was reflected there. Did she want to be a good girl or did she want to get fired? To be good or not to be good, that was the question. And she had the answer.

Today she would make Roman Steele so angry that he would be happy to see the back of her. Salary be damned. Today was the day she was going to get fired.

CHAPTER FIVE

After a two hour stop at Holt Renfrew where she lounged in the cosmetics department and got a free makeover Serena pulled into the parking lot of Steele Enterprises at exactly eleven-fourteen a.m.. As she shoved the shopping bags aside and reached for her purse her heartbeat accelerated and her palms grew damp. This was it, the showdown she'd been waiting for.

She signed in at the front desk then rode the elevator to the sixth floor where she headed straight for the cubicle to which she'd been assigned. Dropping her bag and cell phone onto the desk she slid into her chair and breathed a sigh of relief. So far so good. She knew a bombshell was about to fall but not just yet. When it did, she wanted to be ready.

Serena unzipped her handbag and reached for her lipstick and compact. She needed to fortify herself for the battle ahead. There was nothing like looking your best to boost your confidence. She flipped the compact open and was peering into the tiny mirror, tracing her lips with ruby red, when she felt eyes on her. She turned quickly and found herself staring into the flashing dark eyes of Theresa Lederman.

Snapping the compact shut Serena lifted her face to the woman and gave her a look laced with challenge. For a moment neither of them spoke. Theresa was obviously trying to intimidate her but it wasn't going to happen. What? Did she think her icy stare could browbeat a Van Buren? She'd have a long wait.

Finally, the woman spoke. "Mr. Steele asked for you over two hours ago."

Serena cocked an eyebrow. "Oh?" She did not offer an apology.

"He had a meeting with the advertising agency this morning. He wanted you to participate." When Serena just stared back at her Theresa pursed her lips, obviously put out by her lack of response at the announcement. "He asked me to take you to see him as soon as you got in."

"No problem," Serena said, her tone light as she rose to face Theresa. Little did the woman know that inside she was shaking. "Let's go."

Theresa looked surprised at her boldness but she held her tongue, turned on her heel and headed toward the elevator. Serena followed some distance behind, not wanting to seem like a wayward child being escorted to the principal's office. She felt the weight of curious eyes from the nearby cubicles but she held her head high, refusing to look to the right or the left. She desired no distraction. She needed her wits about her to face the imminent wrath of Roman Steele.

The two women rode the elevator in silence. At the tenth floor Theresa strode down the hallway, knocked on the heavy oak door and, just like the day before, opened it and stepped aside. On her face was a look of something close to...sympathy?

Serena blinked. That did not make sense. The woman had no reason to feel sorry for her. But then the door was pulled shut behind her and there was no more time to think about it, no more time to prepare. She'd been thrown into the den with the lion.

Serena's eyes snapped over to Roman's desk and there he sat, face rigid, dark eyes flashing with an anger she could feel clear across the room. She stood stock-still, heart pounding in trepidation. Her fingers curled into fists as she fought to steady her nerves. Come on, Serena, what's the worst he can do to you? He certainly can't kill you. Still, she did not budge, opting to stay close to the door...just in case.

She was still contemplating her next move when, in one fluid movement, Roman got up from behind the desk and began to walk toward her.

Serena gasped and took an involuntary step back. When her bottom smacked the door she realized there was nowhere to go, nowhere to hide. What the heck had she gotten herself into?

But then, to her relief, he stopped in front of the desk and pulled out a chair. "Are you going to stand there all day, Miss Van Buren?" He held out his hand, directing her gaze to the empty chair. "Have a seat." Then without so much as another glance in her direction he went back around the desk and sat down.

Serena expelled her breath. The man wasn't coming to get her, he was simply offering her a chair. What was she thinking? She'd been so wired up, expecting his rage, that she'd imagined his anger. Her sudden fear had been unfounded. She was not out of the woods yet. She'd be stupid to think that. But at least it seemed that he would be calm and collected about things.

Before she could lose her courage Serena walked over to the chair and perched on the edge, hands clasped tightly in her lap. Okay, Roman Steele. Do your worst. I'm ready for you. She was preparing herself for the fight she knew was coming.

He did not cut corners. Folding his arms across his broad chest he gave her a cold stare. "So what's your excuse today? More traffic on the road?"

Serena shrugged in as casual a manner as she could muster. "No. I just didn't feel like coming in early today."

Roman stared at her in stunned silence. Then his brows fell and he glared at her. "You seem to misunderstand your position here. As an employee of this company it is your responsibility to get to work on time-"

"And what do you do with employees who don't follow the rules?" Serena cut him off before he could launch into the lecture she knew was coming. "You fire them, right? Well, I would suggest you give me my walking papers because you and I know this is not going to work out."

"Oh, so that's it. You're working to get fired. Well, don't hold your breath. It's not going to happen."

Her shock at his response made Serena hop to her feet. "What? What do you mean, it's not going to happen? You have to fire me."

Roman's lips curled in a sardonic smile. "Oh, do I? Sorry to disappoint you but you're stuck here with me. You'll leave in six months and not a day sooner."

"You can't do this to me." Serena's voice cracked with frustration. "I'll never fit in here. I'll never do what you want. You need to fire me. Now."

Roman leaned forward in his chair, his face as hard as rock. "Never."

Serena gasped. What kind of game was this man playing? Why couldn't he see reason? "I don't want to be here and you don't want me here. Why don't you fire me? You know you want to, so what's stopping you?"

Roman's nostrils flared. "You don't know what I want to do right now."

"Of course I do," Serena retorted. "You want to take your perverse pleasure in torturing me. You know I can't quit because of my father's conditions. The only way I can get out of this is if you fire me. So why don't you just do it? You want me to beg? Is that what you want?"

"You don't know what I want," he said through gritted teeth, his scowl as black as night.

"I do know, you sadist. You want to make me suffer-" Serena gasped as Roman got up and in two strides was right in front of her, his large frame towering over her. "What-"

"This is what I want. I've wanted it ever since I laid eyes on you." His arm snaked round her waist and he pulled her body into his, so close that she could feel the powerful muscles of his suit-clad legs and the hard ripples of his chest through the cotton of his shirt. His other hand cupped her head as he pulled her even closer, bringing her face up to his, forcing her to stand on tiptoe.

She put her hands up, clinging to his broad shoulders for balance, and he pressed firm lips to her gasping ones, taking full control, kissing her until she melted in his embrace. As his tongue explored her she responded willingly, eagerly, wanting this too, more than anything in the world. Had he known she wanted his kiss from the very first day they met? Had he seen the desire in her eyes? She would not ponder any of that. For the moment she would wipe everything from her mind and revel in his kiss.

Too soon he lifted his head, withdrawing his lips from hers, leaving her panting. Slowly, he withdrew his arm and set her back on her feet.

Still feeling like she was floating on air Serena opened her eyes and peered up into Roman's face. What she saw there made her step back in dismay. The scowl on his face was even darker than before. Was he totally unmoved by the kiss?

Roman gripped her upper arms and set her away from him. "I suggest you leave my office now," he said, his voice a harsh growl, "or else I won't be responsible for my actions." Then, with a look of disgust he released her arms and turned back towards his desk.

Serena did not wait to see what he would do next. Smarting from the blow of his rejection she turned and marched to the door. When she went through it she pulled it shut none too gently. She was fuming. She was mortified. She was...she didn't know what she was. She'd never been so humiliated in her life. So she disgusted him, did she? And yet he refused to release her from her bondage? Well, she would just see about that.

******

Roman dropped into his chair and let his breath out in a whoosh. He shook his head, hardly believing what had just happened. What the hell had he done? Serena Van Buren was an employee, for Christ's sake. On the job for all of two days. The daughter of his associate, a girl entrusted to his care. And what did he do? He'd done a damned good job of playing the pervert, taking advantage of the girl right there in the middle of his office. Jesus, what was he thinking? He was so disgusted with himself he could not sit still. He got up and began to pace the room.

What had he gotten himself into, offering to mentor and train Serena Van Buren for six months? He could not even keep his hands off her. Damn! He was in big trouble.

CHAPTER SIX

It was almost a week since the incident in Roman's office and Serena was finally getting over the shock of his kiss. Thank goodness he'd left for California the next day so she hadn't had to face him again. After the incident she'd felt ashamed and somewhat bewildered. The man had practically thrown her out of his office. She couldn't understand his reaction after what she thought had been a passionate, earth-shaking kiss. She'd spent days reliving every moment of that kiss and each time her heart would thump and her breath would catch in her throat. It had been absolutely magical.

Today, though, she would have to get her emotions under control. Roman was scheduled to be back in office this morning and, as much as she thought she was not ready to see him again, she knew the meeting was inevitable. How would she handle their first encounter after that kiss? Maybe for him the whole thing meant nothing but it had practically devastated her defenses. This was the first man she'd ever met who'd knocked her barriers down with just one blow.

The clock on her desk said nine thirty when there was a knock on her door and Theresa entered the room. "Mr. Steele needs you in his office. Make sure you take your notepad with you." She was formal, as usual, but this time there was more of an edge to the woman's voice.

"Is something wrong?"

"No, nothing. Just get down to Mr. Steele's office right away." Without another word she turned and left the room.

Serena lifted her eyebrows, surprised at Theresa's terseness, then she sank back into her chair. Her heartbeat had accelerated at the announcement and she took a couple of deep breaths to calm her nerves. "Well, here goes," she murmured and grabbed her pen and pad.

When Serena entered the office Roman was sitting at his desk holding a bottle of what looked like shampoo and a small gold jar which she guessed contained face cream.

"Have a seat, Miss Van Buren." His voice sounded pleasant enough but his stare was intense. She slid into the chair in front of him and kept her eyes downcast.

For a moment there was silence then Roman spoke in a low voice. "Serena, look at me."

Surprised at his change of tone, she lifted her head and looked into his eyes. She was taken aback by what she saw there. He actually looked ashamed.

"Serena," he said, "I owe you an apology."

Serena held her breath and stared back at him, incredulous. Roman was apologizing to her? He'd seemed like the kind of man who would apologize to no-one. Now that she was seeing a new side of him it confused her all the more. Was he apologizing for the kiss or for kicking her out of his office?

"I behaved inappropriately and for that I'm sorry. I assure you, it will never happen again."

It will never happen again. It will never happen again. The words reverberated in her head and for some reason her spirits sank. It will never happen again? Dear God, she wanted it to happen again. More than anything.

Swallowing her disappointment Serena looked back at Roman and gave him a small smile, accepting his apology with a quick nod.

"For the next few weeks you'll be working closely with the marketing team," he said, his voice professional and cool. "I'll make sure you participate in meetings that are relevant to your development. What I want is that at the end of your time with Steele Industries you should have a good handle on project management, marketing, and promotions. For today, though, you'll sit in on my meeting with the ad agency."

He leaned forward and placed the bottle and the jar in front of her. "These are two products from the Enchanted line we'll be launching next quarter. I want you to get involved in every aspect of the launch, starting with this meeting. The ad execs will be here in about ten minutes so I'll give you a quick briefing to prepare you."

Roman spoke quickly, filling her in on the consumer research that had been done and the reason why the company thought the line had great potential. Serena scribbled feverishly, trying to keep up with him, and was relieved when he finally told her it was time to head for the main conference room.

The agency executives arrived moments later and as soon as Roman introduced her to Martha Foxworth and Herman Moore the meeting began. Martha presented storyboards of television commercials with the first one depicting a woman shampooing then drying her hair and a man coming in and sliding his fingers sexily through her long brown tresses. On a second storyboard a woman applied Enchanted face cream to a wrinkled face followed by a close up shot of the crow's feet by the side of her eyes. The next shot showed a close up of the same eye but this time the skin was smoother and softer. The tagline for this commercial was "Your face never looked so good".

Last in her set Martha presented a print advertisement featuring the moisturizing face cream. The model was a beautiful dark haired woman, seeming to be in her late thirties, and she held a young child in a close embrace. The little girl had her hand on the woman's cheek, as if stroking it, and the tagline for the product said, "I just love your baby face."

After the initial presentation Martha reviewed each campaign in detail, giving Roman and Serena a chance to understand the reasoning behind each and soliciting their input. Serena was impressed by Roman's knowledge and understanding of the advertising business and, for the most part, she kept silent, absorbing as much as she could. She did make some suggestions on the clothing worn by the models but she kept her comments to a bare minimum, leaving the meatier comments to her boss.

Roman expressed concern about how the message was relayed while Serena's few comments were focused on the visual impact of the ads. Being the daughter of a wealthy man, she had lived for years in the public eye and knew how to make a good first impression. She was an expert in haute couture, make-up and styling.

Because of that she looked at the advertisements with discerning eyes and was able to find flaws where she knew the average woman might not. She felt a little guilty for involving herself too much but she knew she would feel even guiltier if she kept silent. After all, Roman had invited her into this meeting, not to be a statue but to participate. She knew she was here to learn but she also knew she had a lot to share, regardless of her lack of experience in business.

With that conviction she began to speak her mind. She made recommendations for the wardrobe for the models, and for the television commercial she even suggested changing the model all together. From what Roman had told her about the Enchanted line of products she knew it was targeted toward young, professional women. The model selected by the agency was in her late thirties. She reasoned that they needed to use a model to whom the target market would relate. Both Martha and Herman were looking at Serena with an air of surprise but Roman had a satisfied smile on his face.

"I guess we'll have to go back to the drawing board," Martha said, a hint of annoyance in her voice.

"We want this campaign to be perfect," Serena said calmly, "so it doesn't make sense for us to rush to put out something substandard."

Martha sucked in her breath but said nothing. She began packing up her storyboards and papers and sat back down beside Herman.

"I guess this is a good time for me to take over," the man said, pulling out two folders and sliding one to Roman and the other to Serena. "I had put together a budget for the campaign but seeing that we're going to make changes, some of these figures will change as well. Still, I wanted to give you an idea of what the budget will look like."

"No problem," Roman said, nodding. "Let's see what you have."

Roman and Herman began to discuss the budget line by line. Serena tried to listen but felt totally distracted. There was something about that print ad campaign that was bothering her. She just couldn't put her finger on it. She was itching to ask Martha to let her see it again but felt she'd be rubbing salt in the wound. The woman already probably hated her for making all those comments and changes to her campaign.

She became so distracted that she began to fiddle with her pen and more than once Roman glanced over at her. Finally he said, "Is something wrong, Serena?"

"Aah, yes," Serena said, deciding to take the opening he'd given her. "I just want to see that print ad again."

He raised his eyebrows but said nothing and turned to Martha. The woman shrugged and pulled out the ad then slid it over to Serena who studied it for a few seconds. "There's just something about this tag line...I don't know. I just love your baby face...can we change it?"

"Why would we want to do that?" Martha's voice was sharp but she hurried to change her tone. "I mean, it's just perfect for the print campaign. The little girl is stroking her mother's face and telling her she loves her baby face."

Serena shook her head slowly. "It sounds a bit corny to me. What about, caress your face with love?" She looked across at the woman as she spoke and saw to her surprise that Martha's eyes lit up and a smile spread across her face.

"That's perfect. I can build a whole campaign around that tagline."

Serena looked at Roman and he, too, was smiling. He gave her a nod and an enigmatic smile. For some reason it made her think of his touch and a shiver ran down her spine.

For the rest of the meeting Serena remained silent but a warm glow suffused her body. She knew she was being silly but Roman was pleased with her and she was happy.

The meeting wrapped up shortly thereafter and Theresa came in to escort the visitors out. Serena picked up her notepad and pen and was heading out of the conference room when Roman spoke.

"Just a moment, Serena."

She stopped in her tracks, her heart thumping loudly in her ears. She turned and saw that he was smiling at her. Goodness, he was so handsome when he smiled. She remained standing, her notepad clutched tightly in front of her, and waited.

"You did well today." His voice was soft and as he took the four steps that brought him within inches of her she shuddered in reaction to his nearness. She struggled to keep her face calm, not wanting him to know the effect he was having on her.

"You've got an inborn talent that came out in the meeting today. You have an eye for beauty." He smiled down at her then took her elbow and turned her toward the door. "You may go now but rest assured you'll be in many more of these meetings from here on."

Serena simply nodded, held her back straight and walked out. For the second time in a week he was showing her the door. She was glad for the praise but she would have preferred it if he'd swept her into his arms again and kissed her passionately like he'd done at their last meeting. Was she the only one who'd gotten drunk on that kiss? She bit her lip and kept on walking, her face as placid as Lake Ontario. She would never let him know how much she craved his touch.

******

That night Serena could not sleep. She'd climbed into bed at ten thirty then tossed and turned for hours with no sleep in sight. She'd had a wonderful day. No, a terrible day. She sighed in frustration. It had been a totally confusing day. First, she'd been defiant, preparing to challenge Roman next time she saw him. Then she'd tingled with the anticipation of seeing him again after their kiss. When he made the declaration that he'd never touch her again she felt deflated. When he praised her after the meeting she felt all gooey. Then he'd shown her the door. Back to depression.

What made it worse, despite her resolve to hate her job and do everything in her power to get fired she'd actually enjoyed the meeting with the ad agency. She'd learned so much in the space of just a couple of hours and, she had to admit, she was looking forward to learning even more. She groaned. That was going totally against her plan. What was she going to do now?

She looked at the clock. One thirty-five, which meant it would only be six thirty-five in the morning in Paris. She was sure that neither Jan nor Tammy would be up at this hour but she didn't care. Right now she needed someone to talk to. She picked up the phone and dialed Jan's cell number, praying that the roaming feature would work. It did. Jan answered the phone on the fifth ring.

"Hello." Her voice sounded groggy and far away.

"Wake up, sleepy head," Serena said, trying to sound cheerful. "What are you doing in bed at this hour? Do you know what time it is?"

There was a pause then Jan said dryly, "Of course I know what time it is. It's an ungodly hour of the morning . You know I never get up this early. I'm on vacation, for heaven's sake." There was a hint of annoyance in her voice.

Serena sighed. "I know I shouldn't have called you so early but I just need to talk. I'm all alone over here and I'm going crazy."

"What's going on, Serena? Are you alright?" Jan sounded fully awake now. Her voice was sharp with concern.

"I'm fine," Serena said with another heavy sigh. "It's just that you guys are over there having all the fun and I'm here working so hard. And to make things worse I have a devil of a boss who's driving me mad."

"What on earth do you mean? Didn't we discuss the plan for your boss? You were going to go in there and show him that you're a Van Buren. So what happened?"

Serena could not help smiling to herself. They had been so naive. "Let's just say, he's not exactly the boss I expected."

"Is he nice?"

"I wouldn't describe him as...nice." Serena bit her lip and wondered how much she should tell her friend. Then she continued, "He's probably the most gorgeous man I've met in my entire life."

"What? You never told me this."

"How could I? You're halfway across the world. You and Tammy abandoned me when I needed you most."

"Come off it, Serena," Jan said, sounding exasperated. "I'm not going to feel guilty about that. We had a plan and you backed out. Mind you, I know it wasn't your fault but you certainly didn't expect your father's rules to apply to Tammy and me. Now let's get back to the real issue here. Tell me about this hunk."

"What's going on?" Serena heard Tammy faintly in the background.

"Serena's found a man and he's handsome," she heard Jan say.

"No, I haven't," she retorted. "The man is my boss, for goodness sake."

"Really? She's finally fallen for a guy?" It was Tammy's voice again, closer this time.

"Yeah, and she's going to tell me all about it," Jan said excitedly.

"Will you guys stop that?" Serena yelled into the phone. They hadn't even waited to hear her story but had jumped to all kinds of conclusions. Trust her crazy friends to be so...crazy.

"Okay, okay." Jan laughed into the phone. "I'm listening."

"Thank you," Serena said in a huff then she drew in a deep breath and began. "As I was saying, my boss is nothing like I expected. He's over six feet tall and he has jet black hair and such startling dark eyes. And his skin is dark, like...I think he's part Italian or something."

"Sounds like a movie star," Jan said, dreamily.

"Hey, I'm not hearing any of this," Tammy whined in the background.

"Shh, I'll tell you all about it when we're done," Jan hissed, quieting her. Then she said to Serena, "So have you gone out with him yet?"

"What do you think I am? I just met the man last week. Anyway, his name is Roman Steele and he's the CEO of Steele Industries-"

"Roman Steele? I know him. I mean, I've seen him in the papers before. You're right, he's a real hunk. You're so lucky..."

"No, I'm not. He acts like he doesn't even notice me." There was a sudden hitch in her voice and Serena sat up and cleared her throat.

"It sounds like there's something going on, something you're not telling me."

"No, there's nothing," she said quickly, "It's just that...he's..." Serena bit her lip as a sudden tear stung her eye. She didn't know how to go on, she didn't know what to say.

"Serena," Jan said in a schoolmarm voice, "be careful what you're doing over there. Sounds like you've gotten yourself into something deep. But whatever you do, don't fall for him."

Too late. Serena put her left index finger to her lips and began to nibble at the nail. It had only been a week since she`d met the man but that advice had come way too late to save her heart.

CHAPTER SEVEN

It was after five o'clock but Roman had no plans to leave the office any time soon. He'd been working on a report for the past three hours and, looking down at the papers in front of him, he realized that he didn't have very much to show for all that time. He'd been distracted all afternoon and, as important as this report was, for the life of him he just could not put his mind to it.

And it was all Serena Van Buren's fault. The witch was driving him crazy. He'd avoided her most of the week but this morning they'd spent over two hours together poring over the files of old ad campaigns, discussing those that had been successful and restacking those that had not had much impact. They'd sat together around the conference table, so close that he could smell the light fragrance of her perfume. The closeness had made him aware of her every move and he'd been hard put not to pull her into his arms and kiss her breathless.

Today Serena was wearing a tailored navy blue suit that clung to the soft curves of her h*ps and bust. The soft waves of her hair floated around her heart shaped face, giving her the look of an angel. Her full lips were rose pink and there was a slight flush to her face that made her look vibrant. Once when they both reached for the same sheet of paper their hands touched and she jumped as if she'd been shocked. He'd felt it, too. A jolt of electricity rushed through his body, making him suck in his breath. He'd tried hard not to react to her closeness but it became almost difficult to breathe and he couldn't help glancing at her every now and again. He shook his head as he remembered how his physical reaction to her had been so strong that at one point he'd had to get up and go over to the table to pour himself a glass of water just to get away from her.

What in the blazes was happening to him? He, a thirty year old man, was acting like a lovesick schoolboy. He sighed and rubbed his eyes. Somehow he had to fight this attraction to her. Richard Van Buren had trusted him with his daughter and he could not afford to jeopardize their relationship.

Roman was still sitting at his desk, staring out the window, when there was a knock at the door. Serena peeped in and he felt his heart tighten in his chest.

"What are you doing here?" His voice was sharper than he'd intended.

"It's almost six o'clock. I thought you were gone already." She stepped inside the room and pulled the door shut behind her. She looked just as fresh as she had first thing in the morning. If anything, she looked even more fetching right at this moment. She stood there looking so beautiful it was annoying. "I'm still here because of the work you gave me which you said you absolutely had to have first thing in the morning. I was going to leave it on your desk. " She held out a folder as she approached.

He reached out and took it from her but did not bother to open it. Instead, he continued to stare at her in silence until she began to look uncomfortable and averted her eyes.

"It doesn't matter that I stayed behind to finish it," she continued, seeming to want to fill the silence. "It's not like I'm rushing home to do anything special. I'll probably just go home and watch TV."

"What? No shopping at the mall? No partying in the evenings? I thought girls like you spent the evenings partying or hanging out with friends."

"I don't go out partying." Her tone was cold and he could see the anger flash in her eyes but then her shoulders drooped almost imperceptibly. "And my best friends have both gone to Europe for the summer so I'm alone."

"They can't be all gone to Europe. Don't you have other friends around here?"

She shook her head. "No, I don't have many friends."

"Why am I not surprised?" Roman said dryly.

Serena glared at him then said, "Well, you have your report. If you don't need me for anything else I'll be leaving." Without waiting for his reply she turned and stalked out of the office, closing the door smartly behind her.

******

When Serena got home she flung herself into the sofa and turned on the television. She was still smarting from Roman's comment about not being surprised that she didn't have lots of friends. How dare he insinuate that she was unlikable? She gritted her teeth and frowned at the television screen, her mind racing to find ways to make him pay for that comment.

Maybe she could kidnap him and torture him by pulling out the hairs on his chest. Strand by strand. She smiled with mischief at the thought of watching him squirm then her heart jerked as she pictured her fingers caressing his torso. She had no idea whether or not Roman had hair on his chest but he just seemed like the type of man who would. She bit her lip and tried to concentrate on the news report of some flooding in Florida but her mind would not let go of the dark haired Adonis who made her heart thump.

Her mood finally lightened when America's Funniest Videos came on. She laughed out loud when a minister's robe caught on fire and he had to rip it off in front of the congregation. She was still chuckling when the television show went to a commercial break and she used the opportunity to get a drink of water from the kitchen. She took a bottle from the fridge and was turning to head back to the living room when she saw the stack of mail she'd left on the counter. She'd forgotten about that. She picked them up and took them back to the couch with her then sat back down just in time to see a toddler swing a baseball bat at his father's groin. She shook her head and groaned in sympathy. That must have hurt.

She began opening mail as she watched the show, separating them into two piles. The one with junk mail was a lot bigger than the one with her real mail. In fact, she'd received only two real pieces of mail, both of which were bills. The first was for her cell phone. Four hundred and ninety-two dollars. She sighed. Not exactly what she needed now that she was on a limited budget.

She sat up straight, however, when she opened the second envelope. It was her credit card bill and it was a whole lot higher than she'd anticipated. She was only two hundred and sixty-five dollars away from reaching her twenty thousand dollar limit. Now where in the world was she going to get the money to pay off all of that? With the allowance her father used to give her it had never been a problem. In fact, she'd never had to worry about paying her own credit card bills before now. This time, though, she had nothing to fall back on except for the measly salary that she would receive a whole two weeks from now. Her credit card payment was due by the end of the month. And she couldn't get money from her other credit cards to pay this one. The other two were all maxed out.

Her mood swung back to depression. There was no way she was going to survive for six months like this on the salary of an entry level management trainee. The fact that her father was paying for this apartment was a big help but it still left her in a hole because, by the time she paid her phone bill, bought food and gas, visited a few restaurants and put away money for miscellaneous spending, she'd be broke. And, of course, she had to do some shopping. It was her only emotional outlet.

Serena looked at the phone then back at the television. She was itching to call her father and plead with him to just forget this whole thing about her working. She wanted her old life back. She reached for the phone then pulled back her hand. It irked her to have to go crawling back to him but she didn't know what else to do. Finally she decided to call. Desperate times called for desperate measures, they said. There was no way she was going to survive without any credit cards at all so she had no choice but to call.

But the conversation didn't go as well as Serena had hoped. In fact, it was a disaster.

"Why haven't you returned my calls," was her father's first response to her greeting. "I was planning to come over there just to see if you were alright. The least you could do is call your dad once in a while." He sounded both annoyed and relieved.

"I've just been busy, Dad. I don't get home till late evening and by the time I get here, I'm beat. I always plan to call you but then I fall asleep before I get a chance."

"That's no excuse. You have a cell phone. You can call me during the daytime. And I'm sure Roman wouldn't kill you if you called me from the office."

"Okay," she said with a sigh, "I'll do that." She paused then before she could change her mind she blurted out, "Dad, why don't we call this whole thing off? It's not working out for me. I've got bills piling up and I don't get paid for another two weeks."

"What kinds of bills? I pay for your apartment and that includes your utilities. All you have to worry about is your food."

"Yes," she said slowly, "and my credit card bills."

"I paid off all your credit card bills two months ago. Even though you maxed them all out at the same time I made sure all your balances were paid up. That's almost thirty thousand dollars. Have you maxed them out again in such a short time?"

Serena bit her lip. "I guess I have," she said, her voice soft and defeated. Then she added quickly, "But it's just because it was graduation time and I had to do a lot of shopping. I had to go to the graduation ball and the ceremony looking good, didn't I?"

"I guess so," her father said, "but you didn't have to shop at Prada for all your stuff."

"But I didn't," she began to protest then stopped. She decided to change her tone. "Daddy, seeing that things are so tight for me, do you think I can start getting my allowance again? I need to pay off some of these bills."

"Serena," he began in the tone he used when scolding, "you know our agreement. No allowance for six months. You have to learn to live on a budget and manage on your salary. How do you expect to run this business when I'm gone if you can't even run your own life? This pampering has got to stop. Spoiling you with hefty allowances and clearing off your credit card balance from shopping sprees is no way to prepare you for the world." He sighed heavily. "I know it's hard on you and I hate doing this but it's for your own good."

"So you're not going to give me my allowance back?"

"No, I'm not."

"Well, will you at least pay part of the credit card bills?"

"I'm sorry. I can't."

"This is so not fair," Serena said bitterly. "You're my dad. Why are you treating me like this?"

"You're no longer a child, Serena. You need to start accepting responsibility and taking charge of your own life."

"But all I asked for was-"

"That's enough. I'm already helping you by paying for the apartment. Your monthly salary is all you have to work with so start working on a budget."

Serena slammed the phone down and slumped back in the couch in a huff. She'd never been rude to her father before but this situation called for it. She sat with her arms folded tightly across her chest, teeth biting into her bottom lip. What did she know about budgets? Where would she even start? Her father was putting her through hell. She would never forgive him.

CHAPTER EIGHT

Serena bit her lower lip and frowned as she stared down at the framed portrait. She lifted her index finger to her lips and began to nibble absently at the nail then, realizing what she was doing, she dropped her hand guiltily and slid it into the back pocket of her jeans. When was she going to get rid of that awful childhood habit? Whenever she was nervous or deep in thought she always reverted to that one habit she found so hard to break. She was twenty-one, for goodness sake. Time to put down such childish behavior.

She sighed and walked away from the bed then went to stare out the bedroom window of the apartment. It was a hell of a thing, being broke. For the first time in her life she knew what it was like to want something badly and not have the money to get it. She'd seen an exquisite gold watch at Diamante's and had wanted it for her grandmother's seventy-fifth birthday but with a little over two hundred dollars available on her credit card how could she? And there was that small matter of her personal expenses. The little that was left on the card would have to serve her till pay day. With gasoline prices skyrocketing she had no idea how she would make the money serve that long.

The long and short of it was she had no money to buy Grandma Sylvie a birthday present. And so she'd turned to her long-time hobby. Instead of buying a gift she'd dug through a box of old photos and found one of her grandmother when she was ten years younger, laughing and happy with her husband of over forty years. Serena's grandfather, still handsome in his senior years, was holding her in a tender embrace and he was smiling down at her with a love that was undeniable.

Serena stared at that photo for a long time. She knew the grief Grandma Sylvie had suffered when Grandpa Harris died of pneumonia at the age of sixty-seven. She'd married her childhood sweetheart and had never returned the interest of any other man. She missed him immensely, and she missed the love they shared. Serena wanted to recapture that love for her grandma, even if only on paper. And so she began to draw.

It took most of her Saturday morning but she didn't mind. Serena sketched the photo, creating an eighteen by twenty-four inch replica in charcoal, and then she pulled out the elegant gilt-edged picture frame she'd found at the discount store. Gently, she placed the picture inside and as it lay on the bed in its frame she ran loving fingers over the faces of her grandparents. Then she went to the closet to get wrapping paper and a bow.

After she'd wrapped the gift she propped it against the side of her mahogany chest of drawers then headed out to the kitchen to tackle the second half of her project. Today she was going to bake a cake. No matter that she'd never baked a thing in her life, she was going to do this for her beloved grandmother and nothing was going to stop her. Now that she'd created one project with her own hands she was eager to do more. She'd downloaded the recipe from the internet and it looked as easy as ever.

Smiling and humming to herself Serena laid the printed page on the kitchen counter and checked the list of items she'd need. She opened the fridge and the cupboards and started gathering all the ingredients. When everything was laid out she put on her frilly white apron and giggled. She looked like Betty Crocker. Now if only the look would enhance her skills as a baker. No matter, she was ready to take the plunge. Yellow sponge cake, here we come.

******

Roman shuffled through the papers on his desk. Where the hell was it? He could have sworn he'd left it on the pile in the middle of his desk. He sat back in the chair and frowned, trying to remember. Serena had handed him the file then slipped back out, spending less than ten seconds in his office. After he'd stopped admiring her cute little tush in tailored black pants he'd dropped the file back onto the desk and he'd gone back to what he'd been working on. Now where had it gone since then?

He got up and went over to the file cabinet, checked on top, checked inside. All clear. He walked over to the credenza and opened it to check all the files inside. Had Serena come in later that day and taken the file back? Beginning to get annoyed he walked out of his office and headed down to the sixth floor. There he checked her desk and the cabinet in her cubicle. No file. And there was no one to ask. It was Saturday and he was the only one working in the building. He normally encouraged his employees to use weekends for family and relaxation. He frowned on people working overtime unless absolutely necessary. As far as he was concerned if you weren't a good enough time manager to get your work done during the weekdays then some improvement was needed.

Just thinking about it made him smile to himself. Today he was the guilty party. He had a good excuse, though. This week he had been back and forth between New York and Toronto and so he just hadn't had the time to sit still long enough to review the file. But now he needed it in order to get ready for his meeting on Monday morning. Now how the heck was he going to prepare without that file?

He had no alternative. He had to call Serena. He felt a twinge of discomfort at having to disturb her on the weekend but he knew she would understand. Back at his office he flipped through the employee directory then dialed Serena's home number. She picked up on the fifth ring.

"Hello?" Her voice sounded breathless as if she'd been running.

"Serena, this is Roman. I'm sorry to disturb you but I need the MacGyver file. Did you take it back from my office?"

"No, I didn't," she began then she paused. "I remember Theresa saying she wanted to add a couple of documents to the file, though. Maybe you could check her office?"

"Thanks a lot, Serena. And again, I apologize for disturbing you on a Saturday."

"That's okay," she said then she gasped. "Oh, my God. Smoke!"

Roman heard the clatter of the phone as she dropped the receiver and then he heard what sounded like the banging of pots and pans. What in the blazes was going on? "Serena. Are you okay?" He was shouting into the phone but obviously she couldn't hear him. All he could do was clutch the receiver and wait. Something was going on, he had no idea what, and he hated feeling helpless. But what else could he do? He was too far away to do anything.

Finally, after what seemed like ages, Serena came back to the phone. "I'm sorry, it was...I burned my cake," she wailed into the phone.

"Your what?"

"My cake," she yelled, her voice full of frustration. "I was trying to bake a cake for my grandmother and the whole thing burned. It's all black and hard and it's still smoking."

Roman almost had to bite his lip to keep from laughing out loud. Serena Van Buren baking a cake? He was having a hard time picturing it. The high society girl in apron and oven mitts looking like the picture-perfect housewife from the magazines of the nineteen sixties. No way, not this spoiled rich girl.

"What am I going to do now? Today is my grandma's birthday and I was planning to go over and take her a cake. Now I messed up everything."

To Roman's surprise Serena began to sob. It was like a dam of frustration had broken inside her. The sobbing got louder and was punctuated with hiccups.

Roman would not have believed it if he hadn't been on the phone with the girl. Fiery Serena breaking down over a cake? She could easily order a hundred cakes. What was making her so emotional? "It's not the end of the world," he said, trying to soothe her. "It's only a cake."

"It's not only a cake," she retorted. "It's my cake, the cake I was making for my grandmother. It was supposed to be special." She sniffed and took a couple of deep breaths, apparently trying to calm herself. "I followed the recipe to the letter. I don't know what went wrong. I didn't exceed the time on the packaging. The cake was only in the oven like twenty minutes."

"And what was the temperature setting on the oven?"

"The temperature what?"

"Okay. I think we've found the key to your problem." Roman shook his head then chuckled. "You probably had the temperature setting way too high and that's why you burned your cake."

Serena heaved a sigh. "Why can't I do anything right? What am I going to do now? I wish somebody had taught me about these things."

For a moment there was silence and Roman could just imagine her biting her bottom lip as she seemed to do when she was deep in thought. She was obviously at a loss when it came to domestic matters and why shouldn't she be? He was sure she hadn't had to cook anything in her life. And now she had taken it up on herself to bake a cake for her grandmother by herself. He could only admire her for that.

On an impulse he said, "This cake of yours, how soon do you need to have it ready?"

"I told my grandma I wanted to come by around four o'clock this afternoon. I wanted to surprise her with something homemade but who am I kidding? I'll never be able to do this by myself."

"I may be able to help."

"You? How?"

Roman chuckled into the phone. "I'm an excellent chef, if I may say so myself. I learned at the hands of the best."

"Would you...show me?" Serena's voice sounded hesitant but hopeful.

"It's only a little after eleven right now so if you can hang in there while I locate this file and finish what I'm doing I'll help you bake your cake. Do you have all the ingredients or do I need to pick up something on the way?"

"N...no, I have what I need. Do you know where I live?"

"Sure. I had to check your file to get your home number and I see you listed at one of the apartments just a few miles east of the office. I don't mind swinging by. In fact, I'd love to get my hands full of flour again. It's been a while." Roman smiled to himself as he remembered the last time he'd done any cooking. It had been at the family Thanksgiving gathering three years earlier at his parents' house. He'd been appointed chef for the day. Since then, though, he hadn't had a chance to do any real cooking since he was always traveling and his housekeeper took care of his meals when he was at home.

But then he thought of something and his smile disappeared. Was he being presumptuous to invite himself over to the girl's apartment? It was stupid of him to even make the offer.

"On second thought, maybe it's not such a good idea," he said, his tone apologetic. "I'm sure you want to do this on your own-"

"No way. I'm not going to let you back out of this. You made the offer and I'm taking you up on it. You'll come over...won't you?"

It was that hesitation in her voice, that soft hint of pleading, that got him. Serena had always played tough but she was vulnerable in so many ways. How could he say no?

"Alright, I'll be there in an hour or so. That is, assuming I find the file. I'll give you a call before I head out."

"Great," she said with a happy laugh. "I'll have everything ready and waiting. Promise."

After Roman hung up he sat for a moment tapping his fingers on the desk. He liked the sound of that. Ready and waiting. Maybe he liked it a bit too much. Was he making a mistake in seeing Serena outside of the office, even if just to help her?

Roman sighed. Maybe he was overreacting. He'd been busy with traveling and the office for so long he could do with some down time. Amusing himself with cake baking would certainly be different. And with Serena nearby it would definitely not be boring. It might even end up being fun. He was looking forward to it.

CHAPTER NINE

Serena could not believe that she had just invited her boss over to help her bake a cake. Which employee dared do something like that? An employee like her, it seemed, one who was desperate. It was not like her friends were anywhere near and could come over to help and the birthday celebration was this afternoon. She'd grabbed at his offer and, nervous as it made her, she did not regret it. If she had a delicious cake to take to her Grandma Sylvie's house it would all be worth it.

She busied herself tidying up the kitchen, getting rid of the burned cake and setting out the ingredients for the next one. Then it was time to tidy herself. With a grimace she got rid of the apron. There was no way she wanted him to see her looking like a housewife. A girl had her image to think about. She got rid of the gray sweat pants and the oversized white T-shirt and changed into a primrose yellow shirt and jeans. She wanted to apply some make-up but then thought better of it. She didn't want him to think she was getting all dolled up because of him. Instead, all she did was apply a little lip gloss and put her hair up in a ponytail.

The hour flew by and all too soon Serena heard the buzzer. Ready or not, Roman was here. She pressed the button to let him in then glanced in the mirror to make sure everything was in the right place. Then, with a deliberately nonchalant air, she sauntered to the front door. Perfect timing. As she rested her hand on the knob there was a knock. She pulled it open and when she saw Roman Steele standing in the doorway her heart did a backflip.

She'd thought he was sexy in his business suit but today the sight before her eyes made her mouth water. Roman was dressed casually in a navy blue polo shirt and jeans. The light material of the shirt stretched across his broad chest, accentuating his muscled torso. This was the first time she'd seen his arms exposed and those, too, were well muscled. It looked like he worked out a lot. She could just imagine those arms around her, pulling her close.

"Aren't you going to invite me in?" Roman smiled down at her and chuckled.

"Oh. Yes, come in." Serena stepped back and held the door open so that Roman could enter. "Sorry about my bad manners."

"No problem," Roman responded, his eyes resting on her, and she could swear she saw something close to admiration in his expression. But for what?

"So, where do I start? Point me to the kitchen."

Serena gave him a quick smile. She had no problem getting started right away because it was almost one o'clock and she needed everything to be ready by at least three thirty. "Just follow me," she said and led the way.

Serena could sense that working in the tiny kitchen with Roman was going to be quite an experience. The fragrance of his woodsy cologne filled her nostrils and the nearness of him made her constantly conscious of the virile man in her tiny apartment. She'd never worked this closely with a man before. The fact that the man was Roman did not make anything easier.

"I see you have everything prepared," Roman said as he eyed all the items laid out on the counter. "Let me wash my hands and we'll get right to work."

Serena nodded and stepped back so that he could prepare himself then as he worked she stood over in the corner and watched. Never in a million years would she have imagined Roman as being an expert in the kitchen but he did everything with such competence that she could only stare in admiration.

"Were you formally trained in cooking?" she asked.

Roman laughed. "No, not this kind of cooking. I can cook up a good business deal but this is something I learned at the hand of my mother. I've always enjoyed it." He beckoned to her with a nod. "Now come on over. It's time for you to get your hands dirty."

Slowly, Serena walked over to stand by Roman's side. She almost felt intimidated by his size. Even more disconcerting was his nearness. His male presence filled the tiny room, making every inch of her body aware of him.

Roman turned with the bag of flour and held it out to Serena. "Here. Take this and measure out one cup." Serena reached out to take the bag from him and their fingers touched. She jumped back and stared up at him.

"Are you alright?" Roman cocked an eyebrow as he looked down at her.

"I'm...I'm fine," Serena said then took a step away from him. She'd felt it, a shock that ran through her the moment his fingertips touched hers. Had he felt it, too? She couldn't tell but she knew that having him so close was driving her crazy. She had to put some distance between the two of them.

She rested the bag on the counter. "I'll be right back. I just need to check something." Before he could stop her she exited the kitchen and made a beeline for her room.

Serena knew she was being crazy but how was she going to handle being so close to this man to whom she was so attracted? She had to get a hold of herself. She had to stop acting like an idiot before the man thought something was wrong with her. She took two deep breaths then headed back to the kitchen.

She'd only been gone three minutes but already Roman had all the ingredients in the bowl and had turned on the mixer. When she walked in he turned and smiled at her.

"I know what you're up to," he said and his grin widened.

"You do?"

"You had no intention of helping me with this cake, did you? You slipped out so that I'd get started and I'd be done by the time you got back. I know your trick."

"Oh, that. You...you got me. Guilty as charged."

The rest of the baking project went without incident and soon the cake was in the oven, scheduled to sit there for thirty minutes. Now what were they going to do? "Would you like to watch some television?" Serena asked. "There's a basketball game on."

Roman nodded. "Sounds good to me."

And so it was that Roman ended up sprawling comfortably on her sofa watching the big screen TV while she perched on a bar stool watching him. He was so absorbed in the game, the Knicks versus the Lakers, that she wondered if he even remembered she was there. But she could never forget his presence. His aura filled the room. She needed to get out and away from him. He was having too much of an effect on her.

"I'm going to check on the cake." She slid off the stool and was heading for the kitchen when his voice stopped her.

"Don't you dare. If you keep opening that oven my cake is going to go flat."

"Your cake? I thought it was mine."

Roman cocked an eyebrow. "And who did all the work? Certainly not you."

Serena turned on her heel and gave him a threatening look. "You'd better not tell my grandmother that."

Roman laughed and lifted his hands in surrender. "Okay, okay, you're the boss. It's your cake and I had nothing to do with it."

"I'll give you some of the credit," she conceded with a smile. "Just a little."

The light banter eased the tension for Serena and the rest of the waiting time flew by quickly. Before she realized it, it was time to get the cake out and get ready to go to her grandmother's. "You're coming, right?" When he seemed to hesitate she continued. "You can't back out now. You promised."

"If you want me to," Roman said, staring at her intently, no longer seeming interested in the basketball game. One hundred percent of his attention was focused on her.

Serena squirmed a little under his gaze but she knew she wanted to spend the rest of the afternoon with him. A very pleasant hour had already passed and she did not want it to end that quickly even if she would have to share him with her grandmother.

In the office they'd had to be very professional, almost formal, but here on a Saturday afternoon she began to see a more relaxed side to Roman. He was absorbed in the basketball game, cheering on the Knicks while she rooted for the Lakers and soon they had a good rivalry going. She loved it. She'd never been a fan of sports but with Roman there to share the game with her it was fun.

"I do want you to come." Serena gave Roman a smile. "Grandma Sylvie would love to meet you and I think you'd like her, too."

He nodded. "I need no further convincing."

"Okay, let me get changed and we'll get going." As she hurried to her bedroom she hoped he did not see the silly grin on her face.

CHAPTER TEN

Roman held the door open as Serena slid from the passenger seat of his black Mercedes Benz. From the city it had taken them a little over thirty minutes to get to her grandmother's house. Throughout the journey Serena sat in the passenger seat with the cake cradled on her lap. You would think it was the most precious thing in the world. But he wasn't knocking her. He could see that this gift, small as it was, meant a lot to her and that her grandmother was a very important person in her life.

With Serena on her feet Roman opened the back door and carefully took out the large gift-wrapped object that Serena had placed in his hands. He could guess that it was a picture of some sort because he could feel the pattern of the engraved frame.

As they walked up the winding gravel driveway Roman looked around, admiring the surroundings. They were out in the country and it was beautiful, with wide open fields and woods that formed a backdrop to the sprawling ranch house.

Serena must have seen him staring because she said, "My house is not far from here. I often ride over to visit Grandma Sylvie. It's so exhilarating, galloping across the fields."

"I can imagine," Roman said. In his mind's eye he could see her on the back of a horse, her hair a dark curtain flying behind her as she rode. He had no doubt that she was an expert horsewoman. He wondered if one day he would have the privilege of riding with her.

They climbed the steps and crossed the wide porch that circled the house. Serena rang the bell and within seconds the door swung open and a petite white-haired woman was smiling up at them.

"Serena, darling." The woman tilted her head and gave her a kiss on the cheek then her eyes left her granddaughter's face and rose to meet Roman's. Her smile widened. "And who do we have here?"

For some reason, maybe because of the twinkle in her grandmother's eyes, Serena blushed. "This is Roman Steele, my boss."

Sylvie gave a polite nod. "Welcome, Roman. I'm pleased to meet you. Won't you come in?"

When they got inside Serena handed over her prized possession, the birthday cake.

"Oh, my," Sylvie exclaimed. "What a wonderful surprise. I'll take it to the kitchen and we can have some in a little while." As she headed down the hallway she called out, "Make yourselves comfortable. I'll be right back."

Serena directed Roman to an elegantly furnished living room filled with family portraits.

"Please have a seat," she said, indicating the couch. Instead of sitting, she went to stand by the mantelpiece.

This drew Roman's attention to the painted portrait above the fireplace. It was the picture of a beautiful blonde-haired woman on horseback. "Was that your mother?"

Serena nodded. "She loved riding."

"As you do," Roman said, seeing the wistful look in her eyes.

At that moment Sylvie walked into the room. She smiled at them. "That's my Patricia," she said then tilted her chin towards Serena. "Serena looks just like she did when she was this age." Sylvie gave Roman a sad smile. "We lost her when Serena was six years old, still just a baby. Richard has been both mother and father to her since then."

"And you too, Grandma."

"Yes, I've been there, but the job of raising you has always been your dad's. And outside of spoiling you rotten I think he's done a wonderful job." Sylvie's laugh was like the tinkle of bells. "She's got him wrapped around her little finger," she said to Roman, "but it's only because he's had to endure two major scares in his life. One of them left him without his wife and me without my daughter."

Roman frowned. "Two major scares?"

Sylvie nodded. "Yes, he almost lost Serena, too."

"Grandma, you don't have to-"

"It's okay, Serena," Sylvie said as she walked over and put her arm around her granddaughter's shoulder. "We need to speak about these things. It's not healthy for us to bury our pain. This is the only way we can find healing." Sylvie's eyes grew misty. "Serena had leukemia when she was eight years old. She spent quite a bit of time in hospital and Richard almost went crazy with worry. He couldn't bear to lose this one part of Patricia that she'd left behind." Sylvie wrapped her arms around Serena's waist and pulled her close and there was a tremulous smile on her lips. "But my Serena pulled through. She was a fighter, this girl. There was nothing that would keep her down."

Roman nodded and looked at the two women, so very different in ages but so much alike. Both were petite and although Sylvie's hair was white and the signs of age were on her face, the sparkle in her blue eyes told him that she had been just as feisty as the young woman who stood beside her. He could now understand, too, why Richard had gone overboard in satisfying the desires of his daughter. It seemed he was trying to make up for all that she'd gone through, the loss of her mother and the threat to her own life.

But still, the pampering had to stop somewhere. Serena was a woman now. And what a woman. As he stared at her all he wanted to do was bury his face in the valley between her luscious br**sts.

Roman's thoughts were cut short when Sylvie released Serena and clapped her hands smartly. "Okay, let's get something to eat. You both must be starving."

They all headed for the kitchen where she'd already placed a basket of fried chicken in the middle of the table, a bowl of salad, a tray with corn on the cob and a steaming bowl of mashed potatoes.

"Mmm, looks good," Serena, said rubbing her stomach. "I could eat a horse."

"You know what the sad thing is, Roman? She really could eat a horse and she wouldn't gain a single pound." Sylvie shook her head and feigned a look of indignation.

"What are you complaining about? You're not fat." Serena laughed.

"That's because I watch my diet. You don't have to. With your youth and high metabolism you can eat anything. It's just not fair."

Roman laughed, enjoying the banter. "You're like me, Sylvie. I have to eat right and exercise."

"You? You don't have a spare ounce of flesh on your body," Sylvie said with a touch of exasperation. "I'm sure you don't have to work too hard to keep that body in shape. It sure looks good to me."

"Grandma." Serena frowned at the older woman but Sylvie only laughed.

Then it was Serena who was looking at him with what seemed like admiration. Was she checking him out? Roman could only hope so.

They had a pleasant meal with conversation that left Roman feeling relaxed and at home. He could not tell the last time he'd enjoyed himself so much. Here he was having dinner with his employee and her grandmother and he felt like he'd known them for years. From time to time his eyes would wander over to Serena and as she chatted comfortably with Sylvie he could not help but see her with new eyes. She was still the feisty young woman who walked into his office a few weeks earlier but now he could see another side of her. It was obvious that she loved her grandmother dearly. Maybe the woman didn't replace her mother but there was a love and understanding between the two that could not be denied. And from their interaction he could see that underneath the strong and independent facade that Serena showed the world she was still young and vulnerable.

When they'd finished the meal Sylvie gathered up the dishes and placed them in the sink. She began to rinse them off when Roman got up. "I'll do it."

"Roman, you're a guest. Sit down and relax. Chat with Serena." Sylvie continued to rinse the dishes.

By this time Roman was almost by Sylvie's side. "You're being too good to me, Sylvie. I never get a chance to do household chores so give me this one opportunity. I like being domesticated from time to time."

Sylvie laughed and stepped aside. "Okay, if that's what you want. Who am I to fight a man who wants to do housework?"

Roman rinsed the food from the dishes and set them in the dishwashing machine and turned it on. While he was drying his hands Serena went to the counter for the cake and rested it on the table. "Time for the birthday girl to have some cake."

Sylvie was beaming, obviously pleased with the attention. Serena got a knife and handed it to her. "Cut the cake while I take a picture." She pulled out her cell phone from the back pocket of her jeans and held it up. "Go ahead."

Sylvie stuck the knife in the middle of the cake and then slowly pressed down, cutting a huge slice which she laid on the plate. "Roman, you get the first bite."

"No way," he said with a chuckle. "You're the birthday girl."

"No, you're the guest. You go first."

"If you guys are going to fight about it I'll go first." Serena reached out to take the plate but her grandmother pulled it back.

"Oh, no, you don't. It's my birthday and I'll go first."

Roman laughed. "That's what I thought."

Roman and Serena sat down with Sylvie and they all munched on the cake.

"Mmm, this is good." Sylvie said, obviously enjoying herself.

"Sorry I didn't get to put icing on it, Grandma. We couldn't figure out that part, not so quickly anyway."

"We? Did you help her make this, Roman?"

Roman nodded. "I couldn't let her do it all by herself."

"I was wondering about that. When my Serena told me she was going to bake me a cake I was doubtful. I never knew of that girl ever going into a kitchen to make anything. But she came through. With your help, of course."

"I'm sorry I didn't get you the usual from Michael's Bakery this year," Serena said. "I know you love their cakes but...I just wanted to do something different."

"Child, are you apologizing for making me a cake? You'd better not, because I love it. Who cares about Michael's cake when I can get one from the hands of my own granddaughter? And you too, Roman." She beamed at him. "It's delicious."

"Now, for your present," Serena said and got up. She hurried out of the kitchen.

Roman was left in the kitchen with Sylvie. She had just popped the last bit of her cake into her mouth and was smiling at him with knowing eyes. "So what do you think of my Serena?"

Taken aback by the directness of the question Roman did not answer right away. Then he spoke. "She's an admirable young woman. Despite her lack of experience she has an eye for beauty and I can see her doing very well in marketing. I'm sure her father will have a great asset when she joins the company."

Sylvie laughed. "That's not what I meant and you know it. I can see that you like her very much."

The comment almost floored Roman. Was it so obvious?

"Here it is." Serena came back just in time, the wrapped gift in her hand. Gently, she laid the large flat rectangle on the table. "Time to open your gift."

Sylvie stared at it eagerly. "I think I know what it is. It's shaped like...it's the picture I saw at the Royal Ontario Museum. The one that featured the skyline. I know that's it. You saw me admiring it and you got it, didn't you?"

Serena shook her head. "I'm sorry but that's not what it is. I hope you still like this one, though."

Sylvie chuckled. "I'm sure I will." She slid her finger under the paper at the back and quickly peeled off the tape then she slid the frame out of the wrapping. What came out of the package was the gold-framed charcoal portrait of Sylvie and a handsome man smiling down at her. Sylvie's eyes widened in surprise and then her lips trembled and tears filled her eyes. "Oh Serena, it's beautiful."

"Grandma, you're crying. Are you sure you like it?"

"I love it, I absolutely love it. You captured the moment beautifully." Sylvie gently caressed the face of the man with her weathered hands. Then she put her fingers to her lips. "This was a moment I will always remember. And now you've captured it for me with your own hands. Thank you."

"I...I couldn't think of what to give you and I couldn't buy you a nice gift like I usually do so I thought maybe this would be a good substitute."

"This is the best gift you could have ever given me. I don't need perfume or expensive jewelry. I want memories. I want something that's from you. You've given me both with this gift." She laid the portrait gently back down on the table then got up and opened her arms. Serena stepped right into them and, with tears in their eyes, the two women embraced.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Serena sighed as she slid out of Roman's car. She felt happy, even contented. She'd had a wonderful evening with her grandmother and with Roman there it had been even more fun. They'd ended up playing board games with Sylvie and when Roman started having a winning streak Sylvie and Serena had had to gang up on him to beat him. Serena could not tell when she'd had so much simple, satisfying fun.

It was almost nine o'clock but she didn't want her day with Roman to end. As he took her hand to help her out of the car she looked up at him. Then she smiled hesitantly. "Would you like to come up for a drink?"

Roman looked down at her, his face partially hidden in the shadows, and for a moment he was silent. Then he said, "Are you sure? You're not tired?"

"No, I'm fine. Are you tired?"

Roman let her fingers slide from his hand then he shrugged. "Not at all."

"Okay, then. It's settled." Serena walked ahead of him into the lobby, wondering where she had found the courage to invite her boss back upstairs. It wasn't like earlier in the day when he'd come specifically to help her with the cake. Now it was more like...a date.

Once they were back in the apartment Serena felt at a loss for words. She'd invited Roman up because she'd enjoyed his company and wanted more of it but now she felt nervous. She decided to escape to the kitchen. "Would you like a drink? I have wine."

"A drink would be nice," he said with a nod. "White wine if you have it."

Serena hurried to the kitchen where she poured two glasses of wine and laid them on a silver tray. Taking a deep breath she headed back to the living room. Come on, Serena, what are you afraid of? She was the one who'd invited him. Deep down, though, she knew what she feared most. It was herself.

When she got back to the living room Roman was still lounging in the sofa as he'd been when she left but this time there was a big book in his hand. He was deeply engrossed and as she got closer Serena saw that the book in his hand was her old photo album.

She almost dropped the tray. Goodness, where had he found that old thing? And then she remembered. Earlier that week she'd been looking for an old school photo and had dug it out of her trunk. She must have left it on the lower tier of the coffee table. And now it was in his hands.

She could feel her face grow warm with embarrassment. She'd been somewhat of a nerd in her younger days, her constant reading forcing her into thick glasses at the age of ten. Sometimes it was hard being an only child and after her mother's death and her own bout with cancer she'd drawn more and more into her shell. She'd been a loner with books as her only friends. When she got into her teens she'd breathed a sigh of relief when she was finally allowed to wear contact lenses. And thank God for laser correction which she'd done as soon as she'd gone off to college.

Now Serena stared at Roman in horror. Had he seen her at her worst? She cringed inside. Quickly, she walked into the room and set the tray down on the coffee table with a smart bang.

"What have you got there?" she said casually, wondering how to get the album away from him as fast as possible without seeming rude.

Roman looked up at her, a big grin on his face.

Not a good sign. He'd probably gone through the whole lot of photos already.

"Interesting," he said, his look enigmatic. His face gave nothing away but his smile said it all. She'd been discovered and not in a flattering way.

Serena leaned over and reached for the album. Rude or not, it was time to get that thing away from him. "I'll put that away. I'm sure there are a lot more interesting things for you to do with your time."

"Oh no, you don't," he said with a chuckle and held tight, refusing to let her take it from his hands.

"But those are just old pictures. Nothing you'd like to see." She stepped around the table, determined to retrieve the source of her embarrassment. Some of the photos in there were so terrible the man could blackmail her with them if he wanted.

"Oh, but I do," he said in a teasing tone and slid the book away from her and onto the seat beside him. Clearly, he was determined to keep flipping through the pages, leaving her open to more and more humiliation. Well, it wasn't going to happen.

Before he could guess her intention Serena dove for the album and snatched it up into her arms. She was turning away, determined to get the book as far away from him as possible, when she felt hands like bands of steel wrap around her waist. With one tug he pulled her off balance then she was falling backwards, unable to stop herself from landing squarely on his lap.

Roman laughed out loud as her bottom landed on the hardness of his jean-clad legs. "Where are you going, little girl?"

She gasped, still hugging the photo album close to her chest. "I...I just wanted to..." She stopped, not able to go on. The words fled from her mind and all she could think about was the feel of his hardness through the fabric of her jeans. It wasn't just the firm muscles of his legs that had her squirming. Right where the curve of her hip rested on his groin she could feel the solid rock of his arousal.

Now Roman's smile was gone and in its place was a look of passion so deep, so intense that Serena clutched the album, her shield, even tighter. But he was having none of that. With strong fingers Roman pulled the book from her hands and laid it on the table. Then he turned his attention back to her.

Dear Lord, what was he going to do now? It was a stupid question. The thumping of her heart and the tightness in her lungs told her she already knew. Roman was going to kiss her and she wanted it so bad. Her ni**les hardened in anticipation.

As Roman lowered his head Serena closed her eyes and when his lips touched hers she sighed. She'd been waiting for this for so long. God, how she wanted him.

As she melted in his embrace Serena felt Roman's hand slide up to cup the back of her head and then he was in total control, his masterful kiss making her gasp in response. Soon she was kissing back, giving him as much as he gave, all her caution thrown out the window.

He slid his lips away and she gave a soft moan which became a mewl when he began to nibble her ear. Christ, when his lips moved lower to tickle her neck she had no power to resist. Eyes closed, she tilted her head back all the better to give him access.

Roman needed no further encouragement. His lips feathered over her skin then paused at the valley between her br**sts, warming her already heated flesh. Serena slid trembling fingers through the silky thickness of his hair, pressing him into her, wanting the sweetness of his lips on her body.

Roman seemed to sense her desperate need because, with one hand, he began to loosen the buttons on her blouse. Within seconds he had it wide open and only the lace of her bra separated his skin from hers. Without hesitation he moved the cups away, pushing them down until they lay under her br**sts which now thrust upward to meet his gaze.

He dipped his head and captured her right nipple between his lips then sucked it deep into his mouth, making her gasp out loud. He nipped at the bud then soothed it with the silky smoothness of his tongue until her toes curled from the sensuous caress. When she felt she would swoon from the pleasure he switched to the left breast and there he continued his sweet assault.

By the time Roman lifted his head Serena was lost in the passion of the moment. She slid her hands around his waist and pulled till she got the fabric of his polo shirt out of his pants. She lifted it up, exposing his muscled torso to her gaze. Fascinated, she ran her hands over his stunningly beautiful body.

Encouraged by an involuntary groan from his lips she slid both hands up until her fingers grazed his nipple. They hardened in response. Now she wanted to give him the same pleasure he had given her. She lowered her head and pressed her lips to his chest, covering one nipple with her mouth while she rolled the other between her fingers. And just like he'd done to her she sucked on the sensitive part of him, nipping then caressing, until another groan escaped his lips.

Serena shifted in his lap, intent on driving him over the edge. She slid her hands down his sides, never once releasing his nipple from her lips, then moved her hands across and down to the buckle of his belt. There was a boldness that surged through her, one that she had never felt before, and she wanted more of him...to see him, to caress him, to know every inch of this man who had captured her mind and her soul.

She was pushing at the belt strap, trying to get it through the buckle, when Roman's big hands covered hers. Her hands stilled and she lifted her head and looked into his eyes, so dark and intense.

"No, Serena. We can't."

"W...what?" Was she hearing right? Did he want her to stop? He could not mean that. Not when she was weak from wanting him.

He gripped her upper arms and shifted, sliding her off his lap and on to the seat beside him. He dragged his shirt back into place then leaned over and, as cool as you please, began to button her blouse.

Mortified, Serena ripped her shirt from his hands. "I can do it," she said, her voice sharp with humiliation. Then more softly, in a dejected whisper, "It's okay. I can do it myself." She turned her back to him and quickly straightened her bra then redid the buttons on the blouse. She could not believe he was rejecting her yet again. What was it about her that turned him off? She gave an involuntary sniff, the pain of his dismissal like a knife in her chest.

"Are you alright?" Roman reached out a hand to her.

She shrugged him off then got up and crossed the room. She wanted to get as far away from him as she possibly could. She wanted him but he did not feel the same. That much was very clear.

Roman got up and finished tucking his shirt into his trousers. Then he looked over at her and sighed. "I'm sorry, Serena. That should never have happened. I think it's time for me to go."

Serena shrugged, feigning nonchalance, but inside her heart was crumbling like a sand castle in the rain.

Without another word Roman walked to the door and opened it. For just a moment he glanced back at her. Then he was gone.

When the door clicked shut behind him Serena went back to the sofa and collapsed in a dejected heap. What an awful way to end a beautiful day.

CHAPTER TWELVE

Going to work that Monday was one of the hardest things Serena ever had to do. How could she face the man who had made her feel so low? Ever since she had joined the company weeks before her life had been turned upside down. Where had her Van Buren swagger gone? She didn't even feel like herself anymore.

She heaved a sigh as she switched on her computer and pulled out her chair. Thank God she had more than enough work to keep her busy and her mind off her awkward situation. She had the agency file to go through and several spreadsheets to prepare for a meeting with the budget manager. Now all she had to do was keep her nose to the grindstone and stay out of Roman Steele's way.

It was almost lunchtime when Serena was interrupted by a low voice. It was Theresa.

What now? Had the woman come to summon her to Roman's office? Would this be the dismissal she'd been working so hard to get? Instead of filling her with elation the thought made her heart slow with anguish. Her spirit fell at the thought of never seeing Roman again. She did not think she could bear it. Despite her distress Serena put on a brave face and gave Theresa a tight smile.

"I just stopped by to let you know that Mr. Steele left this morning for New York."

"New York?" Serena stared up at her, stunned. He'd spent most of Saturday with her and he hadn't mentioned a trip to New York. Was this something he'd come up with at the last minute to avoid her? "I see," she said, her voice low and controlled. "Did he say when he would be back?"

"The meetings go until Thursday but he'll probably be out all week," Theresa said. "We might not see him till next week." She laid a folder on Serena's desk. "He asked me to make sure you got this. While he's meeting with the Consumer Research Company he wanted you to get started on the work with the local focus groups. Apparently this project has a tight timeline."

Serena nodded and opened the folder. It was thick, full of what looked like response sheets from hundreds of surveys. It would take her days to tabulate and analyze this information to create a meaningful report. Still, there was nothing like work to take your mind off your troubles. She didn't even flinch when Theresa produced a second file.

"There's this, too, but if you like I could hold on to it till you're done with the first project." The woman actually looked guilty.

"No, not at all. I prefer if you give me everything all at once." She took the second file and gave Theresa a confident smile. "I guess I'd better get started." Theresa took the hint and departed, leaving Serena staring at her sad and lonely computer screen. Or maybe it was she who was sad and lonely. She shook her head. Come on, Serena. Roman or no Roman you have a job to do. And no man was worth pining over. Certainly not one who felt he was too good for her.

Despite her troubles the week flew by for Serena. Work was a great salve for her wounds and the perfect source of distraction. Eventually she found she was beginning to enjoy what she was doing. She'd been consulting with the heads of various departments and working closely with the product development team. She was learning so much that she almost felt grateful to Roman for teaming up with her father to make her do the internship.

Almost. She was still a bit peeved at having been forced into it but even she had to admit that if she ever were to work in her father's business this was just about the best preparation she could have had. Working with cross-functional teams was a true learning experience and one which opened her understanding of team dynamics and collaboration.

Before she knew where the week had gone, Friday came and she still had not completed project number two. Theresa told her that Roman had called every day to check on the progress of the assignment but he'd never spoken to her. Even though she was disappointed maybe that was a good thing. After all, what would she say to him? Or him to her? It would only create awkwardness on both sides. Besides, the next time she spoke to him she wanted to be able to say she'd completed all her projects.

That evening when everyone was calling TGIF to one another and packing to go Serena still sat at her desk plugging away. She was determined to finish the assignment before shutting down for the weekend. When Roman stepped in on Monday morning her finished reports would be sitting on his desk. What was more, they would exceed his expectations because she'd gone out of her way to commission professionally produced illustrations and charts. She'd even included a presentation on a new campaign idea she had, one that would take greater advantage of social media opportunities. That was the part that still needed fleshing out. It would take her a few more hours but she wasn't complaining. It wasn't like she was rushing home to family and friends. She was on her own now in many senses of the word.

Serena glanced at the clock. Six twenty-one in the evening. If she had any hope of leaving the place by nine she'd better get cracking.

*****

Roman relaxed into the plush leather seat of the limousine that was taking him from the airport back to his office. It was late, he knew, and everyone would have already left for home. After all, it was Friday. Which of his employees would give up their Friday night to work overtime? That would be a rare occurrence. In fact, he discouraged that sort of thing. For him, balance was important and the weekend was the time for relaxation, family and friends.

Unfortunately for him there was no family to run home to. All he'd be rushing to was a huge and empty penthouse suite freshly cleaned in anticipation of his return. His housekeeper would have made sure everything was spotless and a warm meal would be waiting for him. But what joy was that when you were eating alone?

So instead of heading for home he went straight to the office. He had no intention of staying there late. He'd retrieve a few files and then he'd be on his way.

He was surprised when he met the head of security in the lobby and learned that the building was not as empty as he had anticipated. One eager beaver, as the man put it, was still plugging away on the sixth floor at almost nine o'clock at night. That eager beaver was Serena Van Buren.

At the man's words, Roman frowned. Serena? She was the last person he would expect to be working until this hour on a Friday night. He knew he'd left quite a bit for her to do in his absence but not so much that she'd have to give up her weekend. He would have to check on her. He'd deliberately avoided speaking to her while he'd been away on his business trip. He wanted to give her space, time to recover from that unhappy incident at her apartment. But now there was no avoiding it.

Roman was surprised when he got to a sixth floor that was totally silent. He'd expected to at least hear the hum of computers, the tapping of fingers on a keyboard or a printer in motion. But there was nothing except the eerie silence of a deserted office. The security guard must have been mistaken. Either that or she'd already left.

Roman decided to continue on his way to his office on the tenth floor. The door was slightly ajar and he nudged it open with foot as he began to loosen his tie. He was just about to throw his briefcase onto the sofa when he froze. There Serena lay, fast asleep, her head resting on the arm of the couch, her long, dark hair cascading almost to the floor. Her face, unguarded and innocent, was flushed in sleep and her long lashes formed crescents that fanned out on her smooth skin. On her lap was a folder and he could guess what had happened. She'd probably gone to his office to leave the reports he'd requested and had found the sofa too hard to resist and then sleep had come to claim her.

For a long while Roman stood staring down at the vision of beauty before him. He wanted her so badly he could taste it. Finally, unable to resist, he reached out a hand and touched the soft fineness of her hair. He lifted a tendril from off her face and that was when she woke up.

Serena's eyelids fluttered then slowly her eyes opened. "Roman? What? Where?" Clearly disoriented, she tried to raise her head then sat back down and groaned. She lifted a hand and rubbed the back of her neck. Then she blinked up at him like a very sleepy kitten.

Roman chuckled then reached out and gently helped her to her feet. She stifled a yawn then stretched, almost involuntarily, and her body swayed. He could see that she was still half asleep. He reached out to steady her and before he could stop her she was relaxing into him, her soft curves molding into him. God, that felt good.

His arms circled her waist as he held her so she would not fall and then she was pressing her body into his. She laid her head on his chest and gave a soft sigh then began to move her lips against the fabric of his shirt as if searching for the hardened nub of his nipple. His groin tightened in response. The little minx was driving him crazy.

He knew he should stop her but when she slid her hands up his body and began to loosen the buttons on his shirt he did not. All week he'd been dying for this, for the heat of her body, the softness of her fingers, the caress of her lips. All week he'd been reliving those precious moments when she'd responded to him with a seductive innocence that he'd found so hard to resist. And now she was in his arms again.

Serena had opened five of the buttons and was tugging on his tie to loosen it. He reached up to help her. In one quick move he slipped it off and threw it on top of the desk.

Then she dipped her head, and like she'd done days before, she pressed her lips to his chest and captured his sensitive bud between sharp white teeth, sending shockwaves ripping through his body. Roman cupped her head with his big hand, reveling in the pleasure she was giving him with her lips, turned on by her soft sighs and moans. In a final effort at resistance he groaned then kissed the top of her head and captured the hands that worried his belt.

"Serena," he whispered, his voice hoarse and strained, even to his own ears, "are you sure you want this?"

In response, she kissed the middle of his chest then sighed. "Roman," she whispered, her voice breathless, "I've wanted this ever since the day I met you." She wrapped her arms around his bare waist and pressed her body against his. "Please don't reject me again."

Reject her? What the hell was she talking about? How could he reject such a delicate but wickedly tempting flower? He'd been trying his best to resist her precocious charms but it was no use. She was offering herself up to him and his body was clamoring for her. He had to have her.

Roman shrugged out of his jacket and popped open the rest of the buttons on his shirt. He threw it onto the floor. Then he turned his attention to the little witch who lay back on the sofa, smiling dreamingly up at him. There was no hesitation in her eyes, no fear, no uncertainty. Instead, what he saw was the intensity of her desire, a desire that seemed to match the craving he was feeling. Dear God, he could see it. She wanted him as much as he wanted her.

Before he could move to help her, Serena began to undress. Her jacket and top were off in seconds and then she was sliding her skirt down her legs. Then she lay back dressed only in lacy black bra and matching panties. She was beautiful.

Roman sat on the couch and lowered his head to the fullness of her br**sts. He kissed the tops of the soft mounds and licked at the heated flesh till Serena moaned and arched her back, gasping for more. This time Roman wanted nothing between them. He slid his hands under her back and snapped the bra open then slid it from her arms and dropped it on the floor beside them. Her br**sts, so full and round, creamy mounds of delectable flesh, fell open to his gaze. The delicious pink cherries on their tips made his mouth water.

Serena did not show an ounce of shyness. She seemed to revel in his look of admiration. Her lips curved up in a sweet smile of satisfaction and then she took the next step, raising her h*ps and hooking her fingers into the sides of her panties. She slid them down her long, lean legs, never once taking her eyes off his face. Now, totally na**d she lay back on the sofa and looked up at him expectantly.

Roman needed no further invitation. Quickly, he unbuckled the belt and shucked trousers, socks and shoes then he was standing, na**d and aroused in front of her.

For one quick moment he saw what looked like fear in her eyes. Her eyes widened when they fell on his manhood, swollen and ready, but then she looked back up at him, deep into his eyes, and there was no more anxiety there. All Roman could see was desire that burned with an intensity that fueled his own want.

Roman went to her then, covering her soft, yielding body with his. He pressed his lips to hers and when she opened like a flower unfolding he captured her lips, her tongue, kissing her with a passion he hadn't felt in years. What was it about this little witch that made him lose all control? The taste of her mouth, the feel of her soft br**sts against his chest, the caress of her arms as they wrapped around him, the smoothness of her legs as they raised up and wrapped around his waist. It was all too much. All he wanted to do was bury himself inside this sweet, seductive siren and ride her till she took him to the brink and over the edge.

As the kiss deepened, Roman positioned his h*ps over hers and as she opened to receive him he entered her, pressing his manhood into her core.

Suddenly, she stiffened and moaned into his mouth. Then she was clinging to him as if she would never let go.

Roman pressed forward and then he felt it...a resistance that told him this girl was a virgin. What the hell? Too late, Roman realized that this was no siren in his arms but an innocent girl playing 'woman'.

Too late. It was his body that was in charge now. There was no turning back. His quick thrusts hauled him over the edge and then he was exploding, pouring his seed deep inside the writhing, moaning girl in his arms.

And then she was there too, riding the waves of ecstasy to her own peak, crying his name as her flower blossomed and pulsated around that part of him that pressed deep within her core.

It took a few minutes for their rapid breathing to slow and their bodies to return to calm. During that time Roman held Serena in his arms, his body still but his mind racing.

Dear God, what had he just done?

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Slowly, Roman released Serena from his arms and got up from the sofa, frowning in self-disgust. He'd just deflowered a virgin, the daughter of a man who had entrusted her to his care. He shook his head, feeling lower than a snake crawling in the dirt. She'd been so assertive, had seemed so sure of herself. He'd thought she was experienced, had assumed she would be on the pill. What if he got her pregnant?

With a curse he picked up her bra and panties from the floor and dropped them on her belly. Then, still not looking at her, he pulled on his boxers and pants and hurriedly dragged on the rest of his clothing. The tie, he stuffed into his pocket.

He looked over at Serena. She had not moved. She simply lay there, na**d and flushed, staring up at him with huge eyes. She looked so forlorn, so innocent, that the self-recrimination he felt was like a knife ripping into his gut.

"Why didn't you tell me?" he barked, scowling down at her. He clenched his fists at his side. Right then he felt like shaking her, he was so angry. Why would she keep something like that from him? If he'd known he would never have come within a million miles of her. "Why didn't you tell me you were a virgin?"

Only then did Serena move. Her mouth was set in her classic pout, the one he'd found so alluring the first day they met, the one that had been his downfall.

In one fluid movement she slid off the sofa and slipped on her panties. Then she was snapping her bra closed then straightening to her full height, just shy of the ni**les on his chest. She glared up at him then still not saying a word, she turned round and bent to gather up her blouse and skirt, giving him a delicious view of her pert behind. His manhood stirred in his pants. He groaned. Even now his body was betraying him.

Serena dressed quickly and only then did she look him full in the face, her blue eyes flashing with anger. "Why should I tell you? So that you could reject me again? That's what you love doing, isn't it?"

"What are you talking about?" Roman shook his head in frustration. The girl was not making sense. Or was she? At her apartment and tonight she was the one who had made the first move. She was a virgin and yet she'd played the part of temptress so well. He frowned as a new thought came to him. Did she have an ulterior motive? He had to know.

"Did you...want to get pregnant?"

Serena looked stunned. "Is that what you think? That I want to get pregnant? You think I want to trap you with a baby?"

Roman gave a harsh laugh, unfazed by her look of outrage. "Isn't that what you women do all the time?"

Serena gasped and before he knew her intention she slapped him across the jaw. Hard.

*****

Serena stumbled back, her palm stinging from the sharp blow she'd just given Roman. Heart pounding, she could only stare back at his thunderous face with wide eyes. Oh, Lord, what had she done? Her violent reaction was an obvious shock to him but it was even more of a shock to her. She'd never hit anyone in her life.

Roman stood there, hands balled into fists at his sides, his face drawn in a dangerous scowl. He looked ready to wring her neck.

Serena trembled in anticipation of his wrath. Palms wet with nervous perspiration, heart thumping loudly in her ears, she bit her trembling lip and waited for the axe to fall.

Then suddenly, and to her utter confusion, Roman's scowl gave way to a strange look. Was it regret? Pain? She could not tell. She never got the chance to figure it out. Without a word he picked up his jacket from the floor and strode toward the door, leaving her standing there gaping in the middle of the room. When he slammed the door shut behind him it was with a bang of finality that left her dejected and drained.

All the tension left Serena then. Her body sagged and she slumped down onto the sofa, feeling the strength leave her body. Roman was gone. And this time she knew it was not just from the room, it was from her life.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

After Roman left Serena sat for a long time, totally disgusted with herself. She'd been stupid to think that a man like Roman Steele could have any interest in her. Of course he would want a worldly woman. Of course he would want someone who matched his level of experience. To him, she must seem like such a novice. Why would he have time for someone like her?

Serena heaved a sigh and propped her chin in her cupped hands. Why had she stayed back at the office working so late on a Friday night? If she hadn't, none of this would ever have happened. But deep down inside, she realized, she'd known what she was doing. She'd worked late into the night because she wanted to impress Roman. She wanted to have the report finished and perfect and sitting on his desk when he got back from his trip. And, she now realized, she'd hoped that maybe, just maybe, he'd come to the office that night and find her there.

Serena lifted her face from her hands. The revelation hit her like a slap to the cheek. She'd always known she wanted this man but now she knew without a doubt that she was in love with him.

The thought made Serena even more depressed. She was in love with a man who did not love her back. He did not even want her the way she wanted him. That much was clear from how he'd been so quick to walk away.

She groaned. How could she have fallen for the one man she'd met who wasn't falling over himself to impress her? How could she be in love with the one man who had ever looked at her with an expression of disgust?

She didn't know how she could have fallen for the worst man in the world she could ever have chosen. One thing she knew for certain, though: Roman Steele must never know what she felt for him.

*****

"Serena, you've been there all of six weeks and you're telling me that you've learned all you can?" Richard's voice was sharp with annoyance. "The plan was for you to be there for six months not weeks."

"I know, Dad," Serena replied, trying to keep her voice calm and soothing, "but I've learned so much in the time I've been there. I think it's time I join you and learn about the family business."

"I'll have to talk to Roman about that." Richard sounded unconvinced. "Is this something you both agreed on?"

"Not exactly," she said, her voice hesitant, "but I'm sure he'll agree that it's time for me to move on."

For a moment there was silence. Then Richard spoke. "Okay, I'll give him a call. But I want you to understand that if you decide to break the internship and start working with me the same rules apply. You'll be here to work, not play around."

"I understand," Serena replied, her voice subdued. She felt a little hurt at her father's statement but how could she blame him? Her history had not exactly been one of dedication and interest in anything to do with the family business.

Now, though, things had changed. She really had learned a lot from Roman and she'd also learned a lot about herself. To her surprise she'd enjoyed the world of business, coming up with new product concepts, taking them from the seed of an idea to birth into the marketplace. Roman had opened her eyes to her abilities and given her newfound confidence in herself. He'd never once expressed doubt because of her lack of experience. Instead, he supported her every step of the way, offering her diverse opportunities to utilize her talents, making her feel she belonged. Too bad he hadn't found it in his heart to love her, too.

She shook her head. It was no use thinking about Roman anymore. It was time to move out and move on. "I'm ready to join you, Dad," she said, her voice strong with determination. "I'll come right away if you'll have me."

Serena was not surprised when her father called her late that afternoon to tell her that Roman had agreed that she'd learned enough from him and she was ready to move on to the family business. No, she wasn't surprised, but she could not help feeling hurt that he'd made no attempt to keep her. Her father made it sound as if Roman had not even questioned her decision to move on. She sighed. He was probably glad to see the back of her.

The day she packed up her things and left the offices of Steele Industries, Roman was nowhere to be seen. He hadn't even had the courtesy to come and wish her well. Obviously, she was of so little importance to him that he could not even spare the time to bid her goodbye. Well, if he wasn't thinking about her, then she certainly wouldn't think about him. At least, that was what she told herself. Easier said than done.

Serena started at Van Buren and Associates the following Monday morning. There was no fanfare at her arrival and she didn't expect it. She was treated like a regular employee, assigned to her task, and instructed to execute them according to deadline just like everyone else.

Eventually, as she learned more about the business she began to take more initiative. She asked her father to allow her to work more closely with the heads of each department so she could learn as much as possible in the shortest amount of time. She spent a few days in the manufacturing plant working with the operations manager, then with the sales manager working in the field, then with the marketing director meeting with the advertising agency.

Every evening she went home feeling satisfied with a day well spent, knowing that soon she would become a valuable asset to her father. She would be one of the few people in the company with such a broad knowledge base, covering all aspects of the company's operations.

Despite all that her nights ended with a feeling of dejection. She could not get Roman Steele off her mind. He was always in her thoughts but was he thinking about her, too? She doubted it.

Sometimes she wondered if she'd made a mistake in declining her father's offer for her to move back home. No, she told him. She needed this feeling of independence. It was part of growing up. She'd even reminded him of the speech he'd given her about budgeting. How would she ever learn if she didn't have to live within her means? And so they'd agreed that, at least for one year, she would remain a salaried employee and she'd be responsible for her own bills. She'd be leading the corporation one day. This was just another part of her preparation for that day.

The drawback was that she was left all alone each evening with no one to talk to, no one to reign in her mind that constantly wandered to a man who could not care less about her.

And what was the use of having friends who were halfway across the world? Serena sighed and picked up the phone. She'd call the one person in the world she knew she could always talk to, no matter what the time of day.

Sylvie picked up the phone on the third ring. "Hello?" Her voice was bright and cheerful, no matter that it was almost eleven o'clock at night.

"Grandma, can you talk?" Serena tried to keep her voice light and happy but there was a tremble to it that must have given her away.

"Are you alright?" There was a world of concern in Sylvie's voice.

"I'm fine," she replied with a soft sigh. "I just need to talk."

"It's about Roman, isn't it?"

Serena bit her lip. "How did you know?"

Sylvie chuckled softly into the phone. "I know you, Serena. Your father told me about your sudden departure from Steele Industries. That could only mean one thing. You had a falling out with Roman. And it had nothing to do with work."

"But how could you know?"

"Child, I'm a woman with several decades head start on you. I know when a man's involved." Then her voice turned serious. "I wanted to ask you about this but I didn't want to be a nosy mother hen. It's your life and I have to let you learn at your own pace. I knew you'd reach out to me when you were ready." For a moment Sylvie was silent. Then she said, "Do you want to talk?"

The question opened the floodgates for Serena. Without telling her grandmother everything she revealed that for the first time in her life she'd fallen head over heels for a man who, ironically, did not feel the same way about her.

Sylvie gave a soft laugh. "Now you know how those young men felt, the ones you dismissed so easily."

Serena sighed. It wasn't much fun when the shoe was on the other foot.

"But how do you know he doesn't love you, too?" Sylvie asked.

"How could he? He rejected me."

"Did he? Or did you walk away?"

Now what kind of question was that? She'd walked away because he'd rejected her. What was her grandmother getting at? "He was the one who-"

"How badly do you want this, Serena?" Sylvie asked, cutting her off. "What have you done to let him know how you feel?"

What had she done? Hadn't she done enough? She was about to say just as much to her grandmother when the words sank in. She, more than most, knew how fleeting life was. She'd only had her mother the first six years of her life. She'd almost lost her own life two years later. If she wanted anything in life she needed to act decisively and act now. Life flew by a lot faster than generally thought.

Could she afford to deny herself whatever happiness life could offer? No, she couldn't. She wouldn't. Even at the risk of being rebuffed she needed to know for sure. She had to see Roman one more time.

***

Roman lifted the glass to his lips and took a sip of Bacardi as his eyes skimmed the room. There were beautiful women everywhere, all in attendance at the agency's launch of the Enchanted product line. Members of the press milled around with cameras hanging from straps around their necks. Models preened in front of them, posing for pictures.

But as his eyes scoured the room there was one woman, only one who he wished would fill his vision. But she was nowhere to be found.

He'd had Theresa send invitations to both Richard and Serena. Richard was there but he'd come alone. The disappointment of Serena's absence was bitter on Roman's tongue.

He could not believe that he, a calm and collected man at the mature age of thirty, had been floored by a slip of a girl. Try as he might, he could not get her out of his mind. Serena had come into his life, grabbed hold of his heart then walked away...taking his heart with her. But whatever the cost - his friendship with Richard, his pride or her scorn - he had to see her again.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

The next morning did not come fast enough for Roman. Now that he'd made up his mind to take action he wanted to move right away. He'd beat himself up over the past few weeks since Serena left. He knew he was the one who had driven her away and he felt like a heel for treating her that way. Still, he justified it with the thought that it was all for the best.

The guilt was eating him up. How could he explain his actions to Richard? Would the man accept that he'd fallen in love with his daughter? Hell, he hadn't believed it himself. He'd never believed in love at first sight but here he was, the victim of the very thing he'd derided.

And then there was the matter of the difference in their ages. Would Serena, fresh out of college, really be interested in him?

These were the questions that swirled around in his mind, immobilizing him when all he wanted to do was find her and make crazy love to her.

Now he pushed those questions to the back of his mind. He was going to swallow his pride and self-doubt and seek her out. If she slammed him and told him never to contact her again then he would have to honor that. But he had to know how she truly felt.

He leaned forward and reached across his desk then picked up the phone receiver. Before he could change his mind he dialed the number for Van Buren and Associates.

It took just a few seconds for someone to answer the phone and advise him that Ms. Van Buren was not in office. Damn. He didn't want to wait till tomorrow to talk to her. He scrolled through his phone and found her cell phone number. He dialed. It went straight to voicemail. Now what?

He stared at the phone, deep in thought. Maybe this was just not meant to be. Then he shook his head. No, he would not give up so easily. He got up, reached for his jacket and grabbed his car keys. He had to find her.

***

Serena hopped into her yellow Porsche, a belated graduation gift from her father, and sped out of the parking lot of her apartment complex. Now that she'd made up her mind nothing was going to stop her.

She was on her way to Roman's office. She had no appointment but she was determined to see him today. She had to hear from his own lips what he felt about her.

Serena rode the elevator to the tenth floor where she was met, as expected, by Theresa. She was shocked when the woman greeted her with a smile.

"Good to see you again," she said warmly, then gave her a look of curiosity. "You're here to see Mr. Steele?"

"Yes, how did you guess?" Serena said cheekily then smiled back at her, genuinely relieved at the woman's pleasant demeanor. Maybe, now that she was out of the picture, Theresa had let her guard down. "Is he in?"

Theresa shook her head. "I'm sorry. He rushed out of here about half an hour ago. Said there was something urgent he had to do."

Serena's heart sank. She'd spent several minutes preparing for this meeting Roman, coaching herself on what she would say. Now that she was all psyched up Roman was missing. She wanted to get it out while she had the courage. After today would her fear keep her away?

Hiding her disappointment behind a bright smile, Serena thanked Theresa. "Please let him know I came by," she said as she headed back to the elevator.

Downstairs in the parking lot Serena sat in her car for a full five minutes, fighting the urge to cry. She'd wanted resolution. She just couldn't go on like this. But he was not here so no matter what she wanted there was nothing she could do.

Taking a deep breath, she turned the key in the ignition. She had to get out of there before she broke down altogether. She put the car in reverse and began to back out of her spot beside a big black Dodge Ram pick-up truck.

There was a loud bang. Serena screamed and slammed on the brakes. Then she whipped her head around. She'd run into a sleek black car.

"Oh, no," she whispered. Where the heck had that come from?

She hadn't seen or heard anything. Oh Lord, she'd probably been too distracted. And now she'd gone and destroyed somebody's car. What if someone was hurt?

Serena flung open the door and hopped out then dashed toward the car. She didn't even glance at the damaged vehicles. Instead, she flew to the driver's seat. All she could think was, dear God please don't let anyone be hurt.

As she got to the door of the black Mercedes Benz it opened and a tall, dark haired man in a navy blue suit got out. Serena gasped.

"Roman?"

"Serena."

"What are you doing here?" They both came out with the words, each taking a step toward the other then they stopped just two feet apart.

"I came to see you," Serena said, her heart thumping wildly. Just the sight of him, the way a stray black curl had fallen onto his forehead, made her body tingle in response. The memory of his hands, his lips on her body, the images came flooding in, making the heat rush to her face. Even in the confusion of the accident he looked gorgeous.

"And I went to see you," he said, his lips curving in a crooked smile. At her look of confusion, he continued, "I thought you'd be at your apartment. When I didn't find you there I decided to come back to the office and then try calling you later."

"You were looking for me?" Serena's voice was a breathless whisper. Dared she even think it? Had Roman missed her even half as much as she missed him?

"I was," he said, and this time as he looked down at her the smile was gone and there was a serious look on his face. "Serena, this is neither the time nor the place but there is something I have to tell you."

"Yes?" She held her breath as she stared up at him. For the first time she saw uncertainty in his eyes. Roman reached out and took both of her hands in his. He pulled her into the shadow of the truck. "I know I've been a jerk these last few weeks-"

"These last few weeks?"

He chuckled. "Okay, ever since we met. But it was for a good reason. Or what I thought was a good reason at the time." He took a deep breath. "From the first day we met...I fell in love with you."

Serena's heart soared. She took a step closer. "But...why did you keep pushing me away?"

"There was so much standing between us. I was your boss-"

"So?"

"Come on, Serena. How do you think that would have looked?" Roman gave her his signature smile, crooked and captivating. "And remember your father left you in my care. I still don't know how I'm going to break this to him."

Serena took a step closer until they were only a hair's breadth apart. "Trust me," she whispered, "he already knows. When I went running back to Daddy I know he guessed there was a man involved. He knows me. That man could only be you."

Roman chuckled then shook his head. "And then there's that thing about our ages."

Serena frowned. "What thing about our ages?"

"I'm nine years old than you."

Serena laughed. "That's it? I thought you were in your forties."

Roman glared down at her but there was a huge grin on his face. "You don't mind my age?"

Serena snaked her arms around his waist. "I absolutely love it. Why do you think I never got involved with a man my age? Too immature. Now you? You're just old enough to match my maturity."

At that Roman laughed out loud. "So, have I done a good job of taming the princess?"

"You've done an excellent job," she whispered, smiling up at him, "a job I hope will never end."

"Never fear, little one," Roman said softly as he looked deep into her eyes, "you have me for life."

And there in the parking lot, in the full view of anyone who wished to see, Roman wrapped his arms around Serena and gave her a kiss that told her without a doubt that he meant every word.

EPILOGUE

Serena woke to the most beautiful day of spring she'd ever seen. It was also the happiest day of her life. Today she would marry the man who had captured her mind, her heart and soul.

She hopped out of bed and ran over to the window to breathe in the fragrance of the flowers under her window. Simply delicious.

Serena smiled as she stared out her bedroom window. She'd moved back home to spend time with her father before the wedding but last night was the last she'd spend under this roof as Serena Van Buren. By the end of the day she would be Serena Steele.

She leaned out of the window to get a better view of the south lawn. The decorators were already bustling about, making sure the trellis and its trimmings were in order. It would be a garden wedding right on the lawn where she used to play with her mother. Maybe her mother would look down on her today and send her wedding blessings on the breeze.

There was a knock at her door and Serena spun around to see her father peeping in. "Ready for your big day, Princess?"

"Oh, Daddy, it's like I've been ready all my life." She went to him and stepped into his arms. When he released her from the hug she saw that his eyes were shiny with unshed tears.

"Your mother would be so happy," he said, looking down at her with a smile. "You made an excellent choice for a husband."

Serena's eyes widened. "I did? You sure you're not upset?"

"Upset?" Richard laughed. "I couldn't have made a better choice myself. In fact, there's something I must tell you." His eyes sparkled with mischief. "I was hoping for this outcome all along. I knew if there was one man who could bring the woman out of my little girl, it was Roman Steele."

"Daddy, did you set me up?" Serena pouted but a smile tickled her lips, making her mirth obvious.

"No, but I'd like to think your mother had a hand in this. Today more than ever I feel her presence and I think she's smiling."

Serena smiled up at her father and now it was her turn to blink back happy tears. "I feel her, too, Daddy. And I know today in the garden she'll be right there with me as I take my big step."

Then, as the birds whistled in the tree outside her window, Serena turned and looked out at the sun rising in the brilliant blue sky. "Thanks, Mom," she whispered, "for finding me the best man I could ever want."

THE END

