A thundering crash echoed through the empty kitchen when a towering stack of brand-new, stainless steel sauce pans toppled over.

"Damn it," Tracy mumbled just in time to step out of the way of impending disaster.

The stack of cookware, worth thousands of dollars, slammed down onto the red tile floor so hard that the individual pieces flew off in every direction.

By the time that the last piece stopped clattering and dancing, Tracy could feel the rising tide of frustration in the pit of her stomach. There wasn't much time left before the restaurant- her restaurant- was set to open and it felt like absolutely nothing had been done. The kitchen needed to be set up, the employees still needed to be finalized, the design crew still had to finish work on the dining room and, what made Tracy more nervous than anything, there was her appointment to meet with her new head chef: Gordon Baxter.

An esteemed chef with dozens of prestigious awards under his apron, Gordon had only agreed to work for Tracy for a salary that ate up much of the restaurant's start-up budget. If she couldn't get a constant stream of people coming in the door, there was no way that she could afford to keep him on the payroll.

Of course, Tracy knew that her lover, self-made billionaire Paul Hayes, wouldn't even bat an eye at forking over hundreds of thousands of dollars to keep her afloat. He had done exactly that, paying off all of her bills just for a chance at being with her. But, as their relationship started to grow, she found herself less and less interested in what his money could do for her. Having all of those bills off of her back was the most liberating thing that she ever experienced. In the back of her head, however, there was always a nagging feeling of guilt.

With both hands' fingers splayed out, she ran her finger tips through her long, loose hair and leaned back against the shining stainless freezer door. Once there, she let herself slide down onto the floor.

"What did I even do to deserve all this?"

After kicking away a stray pan- though most of them were stray at that moment- Tracy closed her eyes and squeezed all of the hair near her scalp in two firm fists. The tight pulling helped to quell the thundering migraine that had been lingering behind her right eyebrow for days.

Worse yet, her dream-world visions hadn't happened in even longer; almost a month.

She let the hair uncurl from her digits and began to massage her temples with one thumb each. There was so much stress in her life; so much to deal with all at once. Surely that had to be the cause, because the alternative made Tracy literally feel ill. To have that kind of power, to be able to see people's dreams, and then have it ripped back away was the cruelest sort of joke.

On the other hand, it was one less responsibility that she had to put up with.

From the back, a loud clanking of a different sort made Tracy open her eyes and look up, where she was met only by the blinding white halogen lights overhead.

The knocking repeated it's self.

"Hello?"

It was Mr. Hayes, his voice heavily muffled by the heavy back door. Tracy slapped both hands onto her knees and forced herself upright.

"I'm coming! One second."

She dragged her feet around the corner and threw all of her weight against the door, which popped open with yet another clatter. Waiting on the other side with a bottle of wine and a smile from ear to ear, Mr. Hayes held his arms out for a hug.

Past where he stood, the clear sky had turned into a silky shade of deep navy blue. It had been almost noon when Tracy arrived, so the darkness that had fallen caught her a little off guard.

"Hey there," he tried to meet her distant gaze. "How's it going?"

Tracy blinked slowly and looked to her right, where the remnants of the saucepan avalanche were still plainly visible.

"It's going."

Mr. Hayes let his arms drop and walked in through the door. He peered around the corner for a moment then turned back to her with a look of concern painted across his face.

"Are you okay? Did you get hurt?"

"No, no." She shook her head and reached a hand out to his arm. "The stack just fell over. I'm fine. It's just that this headache is killing me."

After setting the bottle of wine down on an empty storage rack that was destined for cases of fresh vegetables, Mr. Hayes wrapped his arm around Tracy's sunken shoulders.

"Still? Hasn't it been a few days now?"

"Yeah. I mean, I think so."

He tightened his grip and started to lead her through the kitchen.

"You know, I can have someone come in and do all of this for you without all the stress."

The two pushed through a set of swinging doors and into the dining room. When they got there, Mr. Hayes carefully guided her toward a seat.

"No," she said with a firm tone and let herself sink into one of the few dining room chairs still down on the ground. The rest had been carefully flipped and placed on the table-tops to make sweeping and mopping easier. "You know that I don't want the help."

Mr. Hayes held both hands up like he was trying to prove that he wasn't armed. "Okay, okay," he said softly. "I take it that you won't be wanting any wine, either?"

Tracy looked up to him and scrunched her eyebrows together to get a good look at him. The fog of pain had spread into her vision, making the periphery look like cloudy pools of water. Even when she spoke up again, her words were slow and careful.

"I don't need any wine. Between this and not getting enough sleep, I already feel drunk."

"I see," he replied plainly, moving around her until he was standing behind her chair.

With both of his large hands, Mr. Hayes reached down and began to massage the throbbing cluster of muscles between Tracy's neck and shoulder. With each of his thumbs, he made wide, sweeping movements over her shoulder blade.

Tracy groaned with approval, so he continued.

"When is your appointment with Gordon?"

"Tomorrow morning," she sighed.

"Are you nervous?"

She closed her eyes and let her head sink forward with a quiet, "Mmhmm."

By then, the hard rubbing had turned her into putty in his hands. With every powerful sweep that he made, Tracy's head would bob up and down before falling back down to its original position. As the massaging continued, she could feel some of the tension starting to melt away, though an overwhelming urge to sleep quickly took its place.

Even though the visions had stopped, her dreams, which were filled to the brim with fantastic nonsense and awful monsters that were seldom seen, made every night both fitful and restless.

After several minutes, Mr. Hayes leaned over and said softly into her ear, "I'm going to go get you some water."

Fortunately, the former owner of the building had left a few things behind as part of the deal, including a brand-new ice machine that was situated near the walk-in cooler. Mr. Hayes grabbed a couple of plastic cups out of a bag and filled them up, though only one of them ended up with water, too.

Back inside of the dining room, Tracy hadn't moved. She sat, still partially slumped over, in her seat. Mr. Hayes pressed both cups carefully against his chest with one arm and used the other to snap off the first three light switches. Like a candle being blown out, the room dropped into an impressive darkness. The only light was able to get in was from the kitchen and the little slivers of window where the paper covering it didn't quite reach. It wasn't much, though, and cast little slashes of light all over.

"Here," he said and reached around to hand Tracy the water cup.

She reached up and took it from him. "Thanks."

"Sure."

He set the other cup on the table in front of her and pulled a couple of the disk-shaped cubes out.

"Lean your head back."

A hint of a demanding tone crept into his voice.

Tracy raised an eyebrow but nothing else. "Why?"

Mr. Hayes wrapped his free hand around her chin and guided her face upwards.

"Because I'm trying to help."

Tracy wanted to fight. She knew that, in a way, she needed to fight. She also knew that she didn't have very much fight left in her at that moment. Though her eyes were still closed, little, quick flashes of white and green speckled her vision. The spots would flash and dance in almost imperceptible quivers before disappearing completely.

Then there was the matter of the pain. Like a buzzing chainsaw had just passed through, a horrible ripping sensation raced from Tracy's eyebrow- near her scar- all the way to the base of her skull, where it then pooled and radiated out through the rest of her body. It didn't feel like a normal headache. At least, not like any headache that Tracy had ever experienced. In the end, she knew that she had to relinquish control, even if it was just a little.

Her neck muscles went slack as soon as the back of her head came to rest on a kitchen towel that Mr. Hayes had placed strategically over the back of the chair.

"Just relax. I've already had the room made up at home. It was supposed to be a surprise but," he cupped his fingers around the saucer of ice and lowered it down until it was resting on the middle of her forehead, "this is just as good."

The shock of cold was a welcome relief. In the minutes that passed, she could feel the icy sensation sinking deeper and deeper into her flesh, relaxing the tight muscles that were causing all of her grief.

A steady trickle of cool, melted water dribbled down over her eyebrows and started to pool near the corners of her eyes.

"That's so nice," she sighed and licked her lips.

Mr. Hayes circled her right temple with the shrinking piece of ice. Before long, he had to go back to the cup for another.

With the second piece, he started back up at her temple, though it didn't stay there long. Over time his hand drifted lower, tracing the delicate lines of her jaw and the gentle outward thrust of her collar bone. Further still, Mr. Hayes pushed the ice on a downward slope across her chest. Again the ice trickled down, quickly soaking through Tracy's white tank top and bra.

"Mr. Hayes," she gasped. "I didn't tell you-"

He leaned down over her, his chiseled nose brushing up against her chin, and kissed her. A moment later, he pulled back just far enough to speak.

"Don't tell me anything for once."

His quick retort made Tracy feel flustered.

"I don't-"

Mr. Hayes jammed the remaining chunk of ice down the front of her shirt and pressed it up against her right nipple, causing Tracy to gasp loudly onto his hovering lips. The mix of surprise and desire left her speechless.

Again he leaned in for a kiss, this time taking the time to thrust his tongue over hers in quick, hard caresses while he worked her breast with the ice. It was then that Tracy felt the last remaining threads of her migraine give way to pure, unadulterated lust. She needed him to take her right there, needed to let go of the control that she had worked so hard to build in her favor. Something about Mr. Hayes' eagerness made her go limp in his arms.

Tracy pulled away from their kiss just long enough to groan, "Take me, Mr. Hayes."

The billionaire yanked his hand out of her top and flicked the melted water off of his fingers. Then with both hands, he pushed his way beyond the waist of her designer denim shorts, still from behind the back of her seat. He lowered his head down to the side of hers. Tracy could hear his breathing. It was deep, heavy and slow, like an animal waiting to strike. Each hot breath rolled down over her shoulder, heating the cold skin on her chest back up.

The hot, prickling sensation made her bite the corner of her lip and moan.

Mr. Hayes' roving fingers tip-toed over Tracy's soft stomach and beyond the precipice of her quivering mound. His nicely manicured nails barely grazed the curved tops of her neatly trimmed strip of pubic hair. From there he pushed onward, letting his middle finger slip down between her dripping wet folds.

Tracy slouched down in her seat just slightly and pushed her knees apart. The whole time, her eyes stayed clenched shut. Something about the way she felt right then- the way that every touch sent rippling waves of pleasure racing out through her tense body- made her reluctant to move another muscle.

As it turned out, she didn't have to.

Mr. Hayes spread his fingers into a 'v' and pushed down in a smooth, rocking motion. The webbed spot where his fingers met would caress Tracy's swollen cl*t with each stroke, though just barely. Even so, hard shudders of delight rocked the tired woman's body in time with his movements. For several minutes Mr. Hayes stayed there, rubbing up and down with increasing speed.

"Yes," Tracy hissed through clenched teeth.

After a little longer, Mr. Hayes withdrew his hand and moved around the chair so that he was poised between Tracy's spread legs. With both hands, he reached down and jerked her new jean shorts down, along with her delicate, lace panties. Tracy moved like she was going to close her knees, but Mr. Hayes grabbed each one with his hands and pushed them back apart, further than they were before.

He fell down to his knees and began to kiss and nibble softly on the inside of her right thigh. Working his way up at what felt to Tracy like an agonizingly slow pace, Mr. Hayes guided his skilled mouth upward to the delicate fold of flesh lying between Tracy's quivering thigh and her slick, throbbing pu**y.

She didn't want to wait anymore, but before she could raise her head and demand release, Mr. Hayes used both hands to spread her open and wrapped his lips around her bright pink nub.

"Oh f**k," she cried out, her voice echoing through the empty restaurant.

Mr. Hayes continued to suckle and slipped two fingers into her, pumping in and out with a rhythm that matched his pulsing sucks. Over time, Tracy could feel herself starting to fall over the edge. She reached both of her shaking hands up and buried them under her now contorted tank top and bra, massaging her already erect ni**les with tight pinches and twists.

Before she could come, Mr. Hayes pulled his mouth away from her. He knew her well enough to know when to pause for air. It was, however, only a brief interruption. Almost immediately he went back to work, this time using his tongue to rock back and forth over her aching clit. At the same time, he curled the two fingers inside of her upward and coaxed them forward, massaging Tracy's most delicate spot.

Every pound and lick came together at just the right time, pushing Tracy into the first throes of her orgasm. She screamed out and ground her h*ps toward him, forcing his skilled tongue against her wet area. The racing waves of ecstasy spread out through her body, making her hands and feet tingle wildly.

When he was sure that she had finished completely, Mr. Hayes slipped his fingers out of her tight channel and walked forward on his knees, eventually coming to rest so that Tracy's dripping folds rested up against his designer blazer. He reached up, wrapped both hands around the back of her neck and pulled down her head so that he could kiss her once more. Right away, Tracy's own sweet taste melted between them.

"Come on," Mr. Hayes said after pulling away. "Let's go home and get some rest."

Tracy knew that there was so much more work to be done, but she also knew damn well that no amount of coffee would be able to revive her from the deep sleep that she could feel coming.

She sighed, "Okay. Okay."

Mr. Hayes helped her stand up and slip her shorts back on, forgoing the panties all together. Once that was done, he took the keys out of her back pocket, lifted her up, and carried her out of the restaurant. On the way out, he locked the heavy deadbolt and stuffed the small key ring into a pocket in his slacks.

From there, it was only a few feet to his car.

No sooner than the door slammed shut did Tracy start to drift off. The plush leather beneath her, though cold on her na**d thighs, was like a soft embrace that lulled away all of her stress. Every care and worry melted into the finely-stitched seat, along with whatever tenuous grasp on reality that Tracy still possessed.

She didn't even hear Mr. Hayes slide into the driver's seat next to her; didn't even wince as the stabbing, white flash returned with a powerful vengeance.

Tracy felt dizzy, like the world its self had begun to spin faster on its axis. Everything around was a white blur that was streaked by a dizzying, swirling mix of blue and a deep, blood red. As if in her own little bubble, Tracy watched the dancing colors move around her in a perfect sphere, blocking out whatever lay on the other side.

She reached out, but with great apprehension. Slowly, carefully, two of her finger tips extended out toward it. She could feel an icy wind coming off of it; one that was starting to get stronger. Her hair began to whip around her head, blocking her vision out in quick flashes. All the while, she still couldn't muster the courage to touch the thing.

The wind, feeling to Tracy like it was blown straight from the Arctic, blew even stronger. It forced her back a little and she dropped her arms down so that they could wrap around the thin nightgown that covered her supple body.

"Paul?"

She never just called him Paul, but it seemed to make sense to her right then.

Though the fluttering chunks of her hair, Tracy saw a large hand break through the mist, which had by then formed into large, black clouds. On one knuckle, a tiny crescent scar caught her eye. Had he gotten hurt?

"Paul! I-"

The hand slapped down onto her arm and squeezed her so tightly that she could feel the tendons in her wrists crackling. Then, with a powerful jerk that made Tracy feel like the wind had been knocked out of her, it forced her up.

In the car, one of the many yellow street lights that dotted the street passed by overhead and illuminated the sleeping woman in a brief flash. Mr. Hayes looked into his rear-view mirror and then turned his attention to Tracy. Her nightmares had been keeping both of them up at night.

"Paul," she muttered softly. The sound of her voice speaking his first name took him by surprise, but he remained silent.

Suddenly, Tracy gasped loudly and turned over in her reclined seat so that she was facing away from her concerned lover. Mr. Hayes reached a hand out and stroked her head softly as he turned his gaze back to the road.

"What is going on with you?"

The powerful hand jerked her back to her feet, forcing her eyes open just to keep herself upright. In front of her, a man that wasn't Paul Hayes stood. In fact, Tracy had no idea who he was. The clouds and colors were long gone, leaving them in an open plane of icy white under a blue sky.

The man's deep brown, almost black eyes pierced into Tracy's thoughts. He was a short man, but wrapped in muscle several times over. His jaw was locked tightly, making the muscles running under his black, buzz-cut hair bulge outward.

The two stood there for a while, just staring, before the man sprang toward her like a lion. In seconds, he had forced her to the ground and pinned her down. Tracy's already short night dress flipped up, exposing a pair of lacy, red panties.

Underneath her body, which began to throb wildly from the surge of adrenaline, the ground felt like one giant slab of ice. It sent a violent chill racing through her spine and made her previously soft ni**les stand out immediately.

"Who are you?" she tried to yell and bucked her body against the man. "Get off of me!"

The man grabbed each of her wrists again, though just as hard as the first time, and slammed them down onto the frozen ground. The force was enough to make her br**sts bounce up and down, exposing the very edge of one of her pink ni**les.

Tracy tried to scream for Paul. She could feel her mouth moving, could feel the straining vibrations making her vocal chords spasm, but there was no sound except for the constant whooshing of the cold wind racing over them. She tried again to push his body away, this time using her feet to try and kick him off of her.

The man growled- she could see it in the way that he gritted his yellowed, crooked teeth- and pushed her down again. He was like quicksand: the more that she fought, the closer the two became.

Finally, after a struggle that felt like it lasted hours, the man sank down between Tracy's thighs. Leading the way, his massive erection bulged out against his smooth, black slacks. The huge lump settled against Tracy's pu**y, resting there like an anaconda ready to attack.

The man's eyes flashed with red and he leaned in so that their cheeks were nearly touching. His lips, a rough as sandpaper, grazed her lips as he spoke on mute. His h*ps began to grind down onto her, rocking his member against her tender area.

He had taken control of her.

Tracy squeezed her eyes shut. The man let go of her wrists and moved one hand down so that it cupped one of her full br**sts. While his thrusts continued, his other hand started to trace a line from the top of her head. With one finger, he dragged across her forehead, over the scar that had been left from her accident, and continued on along the top of her eyebrow. From there, he slipped the single digit over her cheek and came to rest just below the right side of her chin.

The man pressed his finger into the sensitive patch of flesh. Then it went cold, just as cold as the ground beneath them, which had begun to melt from their collective body heat.

The wind stopped abruptly. Now there was no sound at all. No heavy breaths or beating hearts. No hint of Tracy's protests or the words that the man was still reciting into her ear. Instead, the only thing that broke through the silence was an unmistakable sound: a gun being cocked.

Tracy didn't have to look, but she did anyway. The man's icy finger had transformed into a gun and was neatly pressed against the bottom of her jaw. The cool, silver steel that wrapped the body shone like the sun, making Tracy's eyes water uncontrollably.

Now giving off a glow so bright that it started to melt everything around, the gun started to vibrate against Tracy's shivering flesh. It was only seconds before it took over everything. The man melted away, as did the freezing ground and baby blue skies.

The last thing that Tracy saw before Mr. Hayes finally shook her awake was the gun's handle. It had been painted a deep, purple-tinged hue of crimson. In her head, the man's solemn, monotone voice finally burst through the ether.

"I'll have his blood."

***

Tracy awoke with a start as the car pulled into the driveway. She was still so tired, and felt like she hadn't had any rest in days. Was what she just saw someone's dreams? Or was it just a bad dream of hers produced by stress? It was all so confusing, and she almost didn't want to go to sleep again. However, as she crawled into bed with Mr. Hayes, sleep claimed her almost immediately.

***

The morning before Tracy's meeting with Gordon Baxter was a frenzied rush of activity, though not necessarily because she had tons of things to do. She was, more accurately, a nervous wreck. Everything that she did was done with half of her mind elsewhere, leading to more than one disaster. The coffee machine overflowed after she dumped way too much coffee grounds into the basket. Her solitary piece of toast- the only thing that she thought could stomach- burned into a stinky, square puck. Even her lowly hair brush was not immune. Some time earlier, Tracy accidentally turned on a flat iron that she had left out. It wouldn't have been so bad if she hadn't left her brush sitting on top of it. When she stepped out of the shower she was met only by a handle, surrounded by a molten puddle of plastic and rubber.

If this is how today is going to be, she thought to herself, maybe I should just go back to bed.

Mr. Hayes, who had gone down out briefly that morning, walked back into their bedroom and spotted Tracy sitting on the edge of the bed. Her hair was still wet and she wore a look of absolute defeat on her face.

"What's wrong?" He looked around and sniffed dramatically, "And why does the whole house smell?"

Tracy sighed. She wanted to tell him about her concerns; wanted to be able to talk about her last vision. It was, of course, the whole reason why she couldn't seem to get her head on straight. Who was that man? Could it have been Baxter? Though he was a famous chef, Tracy couldn't remember his face. After all, today would be the first time that she would meet him in person.

But if she was to confess to the powers that she had, Mr. Hayes could find out about how their relationship really began, and that was something that Tracy wasn't prepared to deal with. She stared down at the floor between her bare feet.

"Tracy?"

Mr. Hayes' words snapped her out of the trance-like state that she was in.

"Yeah?"

He sat down onto the bed next to her and wrapped his arm around the plush cotton towel that she was surrounded in. His hand gripped her waist and pulled her in close without saying anything else. Tracy sighed and let her head fall down onto his shoulder.

The earthy, sweet scent of his cologne filled her lungs.

After several quiet minutes, Mr. Hayes cleared his throat and asked softly, "Seriously Tracy. What is going on? This has to be about more than just the restaurant."

His words made Tracy's heart skip a beat. Could he know what was going on while she slept? Did he have any clue? She turned her eyes up, though she could only see the bottom of his jaw, and stared blankly at the light peppering of dark hairs. There was a tension growing between them because of the silence- her silence. She could feel it like the impending shock waves of an earthquake rolling up behind them. But, still, she couldn't relent.

"Work," she said. "It's just work."

Tracy could feel Mr. Hayes' shoulders sink down ever so slightly in defeat.

"Okay," he muttered with an air of resignation. "I understand."

He stood up and walked out of the room with a big, damp circle on his tee shirt where Tracy's head had been. She watched him go and nervously rubbed her thumb nail over the tip of her middle finger.

It was going to be a long day.

Over an hour later, and with only minutes to spare until Gordon Baxter was scheduled to arrive, Tracy stumbled through the restaurant's back door with one arm full of papers and the other precariously balancing a paper bag of odds and ends. She hustled through and dropped everything on the long, sleek prep table to her left with a sigh.

"What a-"

The paper bag toppled over, sending dozens of glass salt shakers spilling out with an enormous clatter. Tracy reached out and grabbed one before it could hit the floor. Unfortunately, there were about five more that she didn't have the reflexes- or the spare hands- to grab. They tumbled down, each one smashing down onto the tile in small, glittering explosion.

"Great. Just great."

Tracy grabbed a broom from near the door and started to sweep up the mess. Right away, the repetitive stroking motion let her mind wander back to her earlier vision and the mysterious man in it. What were his intentions? Why was he appearing to her? Tracy knew that she was safe for the time being. After all, it was "his" blood that the man wanted, not hers.

What if he was lying? Her thoughts then took it further. What if he shows up at your door right now?

She froze and stared down. The constant drag of nervous apprehension was starting to get to her. Her hands were shaking and her heart was pumping a mile a minute.

What are you going to do if it is him?

It had to be. She could feel it in her gut, which had quickly twisted its self up into tight, painful knots.

A hard, firm pounding sound made Tracy jump, the broom's handle slipping from her hand and falling down into her nearly-made glass pile. It didn't even register with Tracy, who was eyeing the door and wringing her hands together but still not moving.

Again the knocking came, though this time it was enough to get Tracy moving. She walked slowly over to the door, took a deep breath and jerked the thing open.

At first, the bright light of day made it hard for her to make out the man's features. Tracy squinted her eyes and bit the inside of her cheek, trying desperately to see the man she was sure would be her undoing.

When her eyes finally came into focus a few seconds later, Gordon Baxter's light skin and dirty blond, swept-back hair.

Tracy sighed a deep breath of relief and extended her hand. "Hi. I'm Tracy."

Gordon met her handshake with a smile.

"It's a pleasure," he said and softly flicked his head to get a stray chunk of hair out of his eyes.

The award-winning chef's features were chiseled and rugged. Even his crystal blue eyes screamed masculinity. He was taller than Tracy, though not by much and was already dressed in his newest whites.

Realizing that the two had been standing there for a little longer than they should have been, Tracy released her grip on his rough hands and stammered, "Come, uh, come in. Please Mr. Baxter."

"Thanks. And, please, call me Gordon."

He walked past Tracy, who had already begun to relax. In fact, she felt like a huge weight had been lifted, though the impending grand opening was more than enough to keep her spirit bogged down in the mean time.

Gordon walked in and set a sizable case down next to the bag of spilled salt shakers. Tracy had been so distracted that she didn't even notice the thing until he did so.

"What happened here?"

He poked the scattered pile with the tip of his black shoe.

"Oh, oh!" Tracy scampered over and quickly swept the mess up into a dust pan. "That was nothing."

She dumped it out and cast the small, plastic pan aside.

"Can I show you around?"

"That's okay," Gordon's voice was farther away than she expected. While she was busy sweeping up, he had made himself comfortable. By the time she looked back, he was up near the front of the kitchen, inspecting the range.

"Is everything okay?" Her voice did little mask her anxiety.

Gordon looked up to the stacks of new pots, pans and dishes.

"It looks like it to me."

"Good," she sighed. "Do you want to have a seat and go over the paperwork?"

"No problem."

As the pair started out of the kitchen, Tracy glanced over to the bag that he brought with him. She wanted to know what was inside, but didn't dare ask. Who was she to question one of the best chefs in the world, after all? Instead she grabbed one of the yellow folders near it and continued on her way.

Out in the dining room, the chair where she had been sitting when Mr. Hayes took her was right where she left it. She hurried over and took the other three seats down, then gingerly laid down the papers.

Gordon sat down across from her and scooted his chair in.

"So," he said and folded his hands together. "I trust you've had a chance to look at the contract that the lawyers finally agreed on."

"Yes. It all looks good to me."

"Great. Where do I sign?"

Tracy rifled through the papers and plucked out one with a little, red flag sticking onto the corner. She grabbed a pen out of her pocket and laid it on top of the document in front of Gordon.

"Right there, please."

Tracy glanced down. There, near her shoe and in plain view, was the pair of lacy panties that Mr. Hayes had neglected the night before. Upon seeing them, Tracy did her best to muffle the gasp that rose up in the back of her throat. Hoping that Gordon hadn't seen them, Tracy quickly kicked them under the table's raised feet and bit down on her lip in a feeble attempt at hiding her embarrassment.

Gordon scribbled his name down quickly and handed the pen back to her.

"Looks like we are in business."

Tracy suddenly felt giddy. It took everything that she had to keep from melting into a giggling school girl right then and there. Gordon, for his part, didn't seem to notice.

"I know what we have talked about the menu at some length," he said and leaned back in his chair, "but obviously I would prefer to do a private tasting so that I can get your final approval. We need to hammer this down so we can get our orders out to the vendors."

The way in which the middle-aged chef spoke made Tracy hold onto his every word. Every minute of his years of experience shone through in his tone. Anyone could tell, just by listening, that he knew exactly what he was talking about. To Tracy, that kind of confidence made her imagination run wild.

More than that, however, she found herself helplessly drawn to him. For all of the press and attention that his successful career had drawn, people actually knew very little about Gordon Baxter. It was, so it seemed, to be just the way that he wanted it. But to Tracy, it was only a begging invitation to want to know more.

He brought his hands up and rested his index fingers on each side of his tightly-angled chin.

"So what do you say?"

"Great," she replied. "That would be great. It will be me and my boyfriend, Mr. Paul Hayes."

"Of course." Gordon nodded and pushed the contract back toward her. "How about tomorrow night around seven? I need some time for prep and all that."

Tracy smiled. Her thoughts finally felt a little lighter for the first time in weeks.

"I can't wait."

***

"So," Tracy turned to Mr. Hayes, who had his eyes fixed on the road in front of them as it whipped by their luxury car. "Are you excited?"

He quickly turned to her and flashed a smile.

"Yes, but probably not as much as you."

Tracy wrapped her fingers around the seat belt near her shoulder and sank down into the seat with a giddy giggle.

"Probably not."

As time went on, the nervousness started to relent and gave way to a hesitant air of child-like excitement. Tracy knew that nothing was guaranteed: her restaurant, her relationship, the life that she was living. All of it could be so easily yanked out from under her by a few different people. If Gordon or Mr. Hayes had a change of heart, she knew that her dreams would go up in smoke. Still, that knowledge had been progressively pushed back into the recesses of Tracy's mind.

Pulling up to the empty parking lot, it felt like Christmas morning.

Tracy shifted and sat up in her seat. From inside, a the light from the kitchen poured through the empty slits of the windows.

"Looks like we aren't the first ones here." Mr. Hayes glanced around and pulled the town car into a spot near the back door. "Where is his car, though?"

"He doesn't have a car."

Mr. Hayes scoffed, "Why wouldn't he have a car?"

"Why would he? He's staying at The Starmore until he gets settled and you know that they would give him a ride to China if he asked for one."

The local ritzy hotel, The Starmore was a luxury tower that rose high above the city's bustling streets. Only the most elite businessmen stayed there, including Mr. Hayes. Tracy, on the other hand, had only ever heard about it.

Mr. Hayes chuckled, "I suppose you're right."

The two climbed out of the car and were immediately hit by the wafting smell of bacon, garlic and simmering onions, along with many other scents like sage serving as undertones.

Tracy looked over the roof of the car. "I hope that's coming from my restaurant."

"Well let's go find out."

Leading the way, Tracy hurried around the front of the car and through the unlocked back door. When she stepped in, a more concentrated form of the outside smell hit her in the face. It was the most welcoming assault on her senses that she ever experienced.

"Gordon?"

The famous chef peeked his head around the corner. He had a black bandana wrapped around his head and his chiseled cheeks glistened with small beads of sweat. It was obvious that he had been working for quite some time.

They locked eyes just long enough for her to see him sizing her up. It was a look that she (and most women on the planet) knew well, though his stolen glances at her body were stealthy. Still, Tracy saw his eyes quickly taking in the feminine curves of her body, all the way up to the loose, tousled curls that she had carefully ironed in.

"Hey there! Is this the elusive Paul Hayes?"

Mr. Hayes smiled and nodded.

"Nice to meet you," the billionaire said.

"Same to you," Gordon said. "Give me just a minute?"

Tracy responded this time. "Sure. We will be around the corner."

He smiled and ducked back behind the eggshell colored column. Mr. Hayes reached out and touched Tracy's lower back. A patch of it was exposed by a low sling of black fabric that hung just above her round ass. The whole thing hung off of her in a way that reminded Hayes of a Greek goddesses.

She spun around, feeling a sudden burst of friskiness from out of nowhere, "Yes, Mr. Hayes?"

It had been some time since she actually felt like her old self. Months, maybe.

"He's more handsome than I was imagining."

Tracy gave up a short laugh and let her tense shoulders relax a little. After all, this might be the only time in her life where she would be sitting down with a world-renowned chef to taste what would become the menu for her restaurant, not to mention the fact that her billionaire boyfriend was there as her guest.

My restaurant, she thought to herself and looked around. The shelves, though Gordon bought a few things for their meal, were still mostly bare. Still, Tracy couldn't help but allow herself to revel in all of it. If she tried hard enough, she could almost see the hustle and bustle of a busy Friday night; could just about hear the constant cacophony of pots, pans, dishes and foul-mouthed chefs.

"Hey," Mr. Hayes' voice snapped her out of her daydream.

Tracy blinked a couple of times and responded, "Yeah?"

"Are you sure you're okay?"

"Of course!" She sauntered over to him and abruptly grabbed hold of his tie, pulling him in close. "I'm actually better than okay," she whispered. Their foreheads gently landed against each other and she kissed him with a quick peck. Her fingers tightened around the strip of blue silk.

Before it could go any further, they were interrupted by Gordon clearing his throat. Tracy released Mr. Hayes and spun around on her spiky, nude-colored heels.

"Sorry," he said and wiped his brow with a small towel. "I'm about ready to start."

"Don't apologize," Mr. Hayes answered before she could. "Is there anything that I can do?"

"Actually I was thinking that we could drag one of those tables back here. It would make this a whole lot easier and you would be able to see what is goes into the dishes."

Tracy hadn't even considered that. It was, indeed, a long walk from to kitchen to the dining area- too long for the chef to be doing, anyway.

"Of course. That's a great idea. Mr. Hayes," she turned back to him. "You two can handle that, right?"

"No problem."

With that, the two men walked through the swinging doors. They came back just moments later with Gordon leading the way. Each one of them had one end of the table clenched in their hands. It wasn't an easy feat, either. The tables were made of solid mahogany that had been polished and buffed to a sparkling finish that made it hard to get a good grip.

Gordon backed through the doors, sliding his feet backwards as he went so that he didn't trip over anything. Across from him, Mr. Hayes followed with the corner of his bottom lip clenched under his upper teeth. Both of them were visibly exerting themselves and something about it made the tender flesh on the inside of Tracy's thighs begin to tingle.

The feeling was subtle, but seeing the two of them exerting themselves to please her gave Tracy a sudden rush of joy.

"There," Mr. Hayes sighed as the table set down with a thunk. "I'll grab the chairs, Gordon. You go ahead and take care of the kitchen."

The chiseled chef looked over with a smirk, "I think that I can handle that."

After a few minutes, Tracy and Mr. Hayes were seated comfortably in a pair of plush chairs. To their left, next to Tracy, was another seat for Gordon. The one open side of the table faced the kitchen where Gordon Baxter was hard at work.

"I brought some champagne, Mr. Hayes," Gordon called to him without looking away from his station. "It's in the cooler. There are glasses in there, too."

"Excellent. I will be right back."

He touched Tracy on the back of her neck softly before walking away, giving her a little chill. When he was gone, she turned back to the kitchen.

"What are you working on now?"

"Ah," Gordon reached into a metal bin and scooped up a small ball of rice. "I made some risotto yesterday and stuck it in the cooler overnight."

The way that he moved around the kitchen so effortlessly was amazing to Tracy. Seeing anyone perform a skill that they have mastered was a treat, but seeing a chef of her payroll do his thing was even more rewarding. There was an easy dexterity in the way that he handled his tools that was fascinating- almost entrancing- to her.

Gordon pressed his thumb into the ball of creamy rice, forming a little divot.

"So I take it and form the risotto around a piece of this amazing buffalo mozzarella that I found just a block from here. Then it gets breaded and fried up really quick."

He quickly made five more before dropping them all into a bowl of bread crumbs and tossing the whole thing at once, coating every piece evenly. When that was done, he turned around and dropped each one into the hot fryer.

"For the base," he continued, turning around to pluck down two rectangular appetizer plates. "I whipped up a tomato coulis with garlic, thyme and a couple of other things yesterday."

Mr. Hayes returned quietly with three glasses and a bottle of champagne on ice. He sat down in his seat and served all three of them. Tracy knew that he was there, but couldn't tear her eyes away from the skilled chef performing in front of her.

Gordon grabbed a small saucepan from the back of the stove and used a large spoon to put a dollop of the smooth, red sauce on the far end of each plate. Then he jerked the end of the spoon through the mound, pulling it into a decorative wisp of crimson. On top of each one, he placed two small beds of micro greens and topped those with the hot, crispy rice balls.

"Then I'm going to top this simply with a sprinkle of some pancetta that I crisped up earlier, a dusting of fresh Parmesan and a sprinkle of chopped parsley for color. And that's about it."

He wiped his hands off on a towel hanging from his waist before carrying the plates over to the table and setting them down in front of the couple. Tracy looked down at her plate, almost afraid to destroy his masterpiece. Almost, that is, if it wasn't for the tantalizing aroma wafting up and accosting her nose.

"Dig in," he politely demanded with a smile. "It's called arancini."

Tracy grabbed her fork and sank the side of it through the golden-brown sphere. She scooped up a piece, using her knife to sweep up a little bit of everything and slipped it into her mouth. A sudden burst of flavors, from the sweet tomato to the salty pancetta and all of the other subtle flavors in between, filled Tracy's senses. She mumbled her approval through the mouth full of food and closed her eyes, allowing the elegant layers of flavor to melt into one on her palate.

When she was finally able to swallow and open her eyes again, she exclaimed, "Holy shit!"

Mr. Hayes looked at her sideways and raised his eyebrows. He was struggling to keep from laughing.

"Yeah?"

Tracy let herself chuckle and fell back against her seat.

"Yeah. That is amazing, Gordon. Honestly. I don't even have words right now."

The battle-hardened chef smiled with a genuine happiness and replied, "Thank you very much. That is why I do this."

"She's right though," Mr. Hayes broke in. "My compliments."

Gordon tipped his head in acknowledgment, then rubbed his hands together.

"Go ahead and eat. I am going to start on the second course."

Tracy smiled and watched him go back to work with reverent fascination. Of course, that didn't stop her from shoveling down the rich, cheesy goodness as she did so.

Just as she sucked down the last bite that she had, she felt Mr. Hayes' hand slip under the hem of her dress and come to rest on her thigh. His hot palm tickled her through the smooth, sheer stockings that she wore.

Tracy set down her fork and turned to him.

"Yes, Mr. Hayes?"

He smirked and moved his chair closer to her, never once letting go of her supple leg.

"I was just thinking that you look beautiful tonight."

Tracy took a drink of her champagne, letting the dry bubbles carry away the appetizer's more subtle flavors for good. She set the glass back down and turned her body to him just slightly; only enough to tease him.

"Thank you."

His hand tried to inch upward, but Tracy pulled away. She had been submissive to him once, but now she was on top of her game. It felt, in that moment, like the world and everything in it was hers for the taking. There was no way that Mr. Hayes was going to get away with that again.

Not tonight, at least, she thought and turned back to the kitchen.

"So what's next, Chef?"

Gordon grabbed a sheet pan out of a nearby holding cooler. On it was three rows of round ravioli with neatly crimped edges.

"These are filled with a cremini mushroom reduction, a little ricotta to hold it together and a mix of hard cheeses like pecorino and romano." He walked over and unceremoniously dumped the whole lot into a tall pot of boiling water. He didn't even wince when large drops of the fiery liquid jumped up and landed on his bare arms. "They only take about three minutes to cook. While that happens, I'm going to finish up the sauce."

"And that is?"

Gordon grabbed a saucier and held it down so that she could see the simmering, golden liquid inside.

"I've got some butter that I'm browning slightly." He set the pan back down and threw in a few green leaves. "There's some sage and a little lemon juice. Now I can put the pasta in here to finish."

He used a scoop to pull out the floating ravioli and dumped them into the sauce. A spectacular, though short-lived hiss filled the kitchen as the water and hot butter reacted. Columns of steam rose up in Gordon's face, making his skin glisten evenly for a while afterward.

After a few flicks of the wrist and a generous palm full of parmesan, he grabbed another two plates- these ones were deeper and more squared- and served up the shining disks.

Tracy grabbed her fork in anticipation as the plate lowered down in front of her.

"Thank you again, Gordon. This is beautiful."

He nodded silently, waiting for her to take the first bite. When she did, the deep, rich earthiness of the dish was the first thing that she noticed. The browned butter had a sweet, nutty flavor that danced in step with the mushrooms and distinctive sage. After that, the smooth, tangy bite of the cheeses hit her. Then, at the very end, only the slightest hint of the lemon whispered by.

"I can't say it enough," she set her fork down. "You really are an artist. I can't find one thing wrong with this. What do you think, Mr. Hayes?"

"I agree completely."

Gordon didn't stay put for very long.

"I'm going to clean up a bit and let you two finish before dessert. Call me if you need anything."

"Of course. Thank you again."

He grabbed three pans and ducked out of view on his way to the large dish washing area. When he was gone, Mr. Hayes' hand returned, though further up this time.

"And what do you think you're doing, sir?"

Despite her tone, Tracy was smiling from ear to ear. Even so, she wasn't about to relinquish control to him again.

She grabbed his hand and pressed it down against the hot, soft flesh of her inner thigh. Mr. Hayes leaned in to her so that she could whisper to him, "So you know what would please me, Mr. Hayes?"

He didn't answer.

"It would please me," she continued, "if you gave me something that I have always wanted."

She moved his hand up so that his fingers formed a cup around the crotch of her nylons. Her panties had been left at home intentionally. Deep down, maybe she knew all along that the night wasn't going to be about only food.

"You know that I will buy you anything that you want," Mr. Hayes replied through erratic breaths.

She pressed his palm against her pu**y and rocked her hips.

"You know, it's not always something that you can just go out and buy, my love."

"Then what is it? Please," he begged and forced the heel of his palm against the very top of her slit. "You know that I will give you anything."

Hearing him like that- the way that he so desperately needed her still- made the adrenaline in Tracy's body begin to flow. Her hands and feet started to tingle and her heart rate jumped. She leaned back and reached her free hand into the top of her dress, massaging her own breast and moaning softly. Mr. Hayes was growing more tense with every second that passed. She could feel it in the way that his fingers strained to feel her every bump and fold through the pantyhose without much success.

Tracy thought back to the way that Gordon had looked at her at the beginning of the night; the way that his eyes wandered over her without regard for Mr. Hayes, who had been standing right behind her the whole time. She closed her eyes and replayed it in her mind while her lover's rocking palm continued to work her beneath the fine wood table top.

It was becoming harder and harder for her to stay quiet.

"Please," he begged again in a whisper.

Tracy turned her head to the side and opened her eyes, locking them with the pleading stare of her captive billionaire. He was, as so many times before, like putty in her hands.

"I want both of you to f**k me," she groaned.

Mr. Hayes' hand didn't miss a beat.

"Anything," he answered. She figured that he had been prepared for this for some time, ever since she had given him the night of his life with Jenna Tice.

Tracy reached over to the throbbing erection in his slacks and stroked it only twice. Her touch made him whimper like a puppy.

"Good," she said and pushed his hand off of her. "Now you have to wait your turn."

Not a moment later, Gordon came back around the corner with a tart pan in his hand.

"Ready for dessert?"

Tracy glanced over to Mr. Hayes. He nodded.

"Oh yeah. I'm ready."

If Gordon knew anything about what was going on, he showed no signs of it. Instead, he went right back to work slicing the fruit-studded pastry with a long, sharp knife.

"Finally, I made a Tahitian vanilla custard tart with seasonal fruits and almond whipped cream. As you can see," he served up three plates of food this time and continued to speak, "much of this can be prepared ahead of time, meaning that we can have it up, out, and fresh in almost no time at all."

He walked over to the table and handed out the plates. After one more cursory check of the kitchen to make sure that everything was turned off (including the glaring lights), Gordon finally took his seat next to Tracy. It was substantially darker in the room, but there was just enough light from behind them to illuminate the table. Because of the angle, the kitchen's tangle of equipment threw strange-looking shadows onto the opposite wall.

As soon as he sat down, Gordon could tell that the mood in the room had shifted while he was gone. He looked over at Tracy and Mr. Hayes, who looked a little distant.

"Is everything okay?"

Tracy, having finished a bite of the sweet treat, licked a little bit of custard off of the end of her spoon. She knew that both of the men were watching her carefully and it made the sweet spot between her thighs start to moisten and tingle.

"Actually, everything has been great, Mr. Baxter."

Hearing her address him in the same manner as Mr. Hayes made Gordon pause.

Tracy leaned just slightly closer to him and whispered, "Except for one thing."

"W-what's that?"

She stood up and slipped the top of her dress down. Once it was past her shoulders, it fluttered all the way down to the floor, leaving her in nothing but a matching red set of sheer lingerie. Gordon's eyes widened like saucers.

"I was thinking that you might want to taste something that I prepared for you."

His eyes darted between her nearly-naked body and Mr. Hayes, who was still seated right behind her. When the two men's eyes met, Mr. Hayes made a slight nod, giving his silent approval. Still, Gordon was frozen in his seat.

Tracy, seeing his apprehension, knew what she needed to do. She walked over to him, placed down hands on his shoulders, and straddled his lap. When she landed on top of him, the swelling in his c**k was already apparent, even through the thick material of his work pants.

She rocked her h*ps forward and bit her lip.

"It's okay, Mr. Baxter. I've seen the way that you look at me." She grabbed his hands and placed them onto her hips. "I noticed the way your eyes couldn't help themselves earlier tonight."

"I-"

Tracy leaned forward and silenced him with her full br**sts. She could feel him take in a deep breath of her while his fingers slowly clamped down onto her soft skin. The sensation of him warming up to the idea was palpable and exciting. Slowly but steadily, his fingers crept up the soft curves of her sides to just below where her bra sat. He then wrapped his hands around to her back and tightened, forcing his hot face deeper into her.

She groaned as he began to kiss his way out of her sexual embrace. Gordon moved up from between her br**sts, though still pressing her body close to his, and nibbled the spot near the very base of her neck.

Watching them closely from his seat, Mr. Hayes shifted and caught Tracy's eye. For a moment, she had been lost in her talented chef's touch.

"Can you help me, Mr. Hayes?"

He stood up and started toward her. He, too, was sporting a thick erection that bulged from under the seams of his pants, begging to be set free.

"Take off my bra."

Moving around to stand behind her, Mr. Hayes did exactly as he was told. The springy elastic snapped open and both of her soft tits fell out into her boyfriend's hands. He reached around, pressing his meat against her back, and twirled each of her light ni**les.

"Yes," she hissed.

She leaned down and lightly kissed the side of Gordon's jaw bone before standing. Without needing any direction, Mr. Hayes again wrapped his hands around her body, this time slipping both of them down the front of her soaked panties.

Tracy cried out when his fingers snaked down over her mound and slipped into her with ease. She spread her knees as far as she could without falling and let him feel her from the inside, but only for a minute. Then she moved his hands to her hips. It was a silent order to continue undressing her, one that he understood perfectly.

He jerked her panties down, allowing her to step out with one foot and fling them aside with the other. Finally naked, she turned her attention back to Gordon, who was nearly writhing in his seat with anticipation.

She bent over and pressed her slick lips against Mr. Hayes while she deftly undid Gordon's zipper and pulled his member free. It was bigger than she had given him credit for.

Behind her, Tracy could feel her lover quickly undressing.

She leaned down, extended her tongue and slowly ran it from the base of Gordon's c**k to the very tip, eliciting a moan from somewhere deep inside of him. He immediately grabbed a handful of her hair and squeezed. It was just hard enough to convey how badly he needed her.

Tracy plunged her mouth down onto him and sucked down. She could feel his every throbbing ridge as she moved up slowly, taking in his taste and scent to make him wait a little longer.

Her mouth popped softly when she reached the end and stood back over him. She hesitated there for a moment, but started down when Mr. Hayes grabbed both of her h*ps from behind and forced her onto him.

Gordon's thickness spread her mouth open and pushed inside, instantly filling her up. All the while, Mr. Hayes kept his fingers wrapped around her hips, guiding her down and back up again in a slow, almost teasing manner. Tracy grabbed onto the back of the chair and turned back to Mr. Hayes.

"Come over here."

He walked to her left just in time to see her thrust her body down onto Gordon's pole with a loud, wet slap. She opened her mouth to cry out for him, but was immediately silenced by Mr. Hayes. His long, thick shaft slipped past her lips and muffled her escalating cries of pleasure.

Tracy's pace became more frantic. She hopped her body up and down over Gordon, pounding her pu**y against him hard enough to make her tits bounce and shake. She sucked down onto her boyfriend's c**k and rocked her h*ps forward, grinding her engorged cl*t against Gordon's hard body.

It was enough to easily push her over the edge, surprising even her. Tracy pulled her mouth away from Mr. Hayes and screamed with ecstasy as her walls throbbed and pulsed around Gordon's thrusting member. A hot rush of her fluids rushed out, making her channel even slicker.

But there was no rest for Tracy. She knew that she had to maintain control over them, so she stood up and took a step back into Mr. Hayes' waiting, groping hands.

"To the table; both of you," she ordered.

Gordon got up from his chair and slipped Mr. Hayes' deep blue tie off of the table.

Tracy glanced over and asked, "What's that, Mr. Baxter?"

He smirked and grabbed one of her wrists. For the first time, he and Mr. Hayes locked eyes with matching glimmers in their eyes. Tracy saw it, and she knew what it meant.

They had an idea.

Before she could demand otherwise, the two powerful men had bound her wrists together with the soft tie and each one of them greedily groped and kissed opposite sides of her body. By then, there was no hint of the cooperation she saw between them just moments before. They were still under her control after all.

"Now, f**k me," she told them.

Mr. Hayes, who had been waiting for too long, grabbed her first. He spun her around and pushed his hand into the spot between her shoulder blades, forcing her body down onto the table with a loud slap.

He entered her from behind and immediately went to work pounding his c**k into her lubricated hole. All the while, the rounded edge of the table bumped and massaged the precipice of Tracy's quivering folds.

But before she could get too far again, Mr. Hayes suddenly pulled away and Tracy felt Gordon's throbbing snake slide into her.

They're taking turns with me, she realized and bit down onto her lip. A rising tide of screams and wails of pleasure made her head start to spin from a lack of air. Each and every thrust was harder than the last, the force of which made her barely able to breathe.

After long, Tracy couldn't keep track of who was inside of her. She just laid her head down against the table with her bound hands in front of her head, begging for them to move faster. Again she was inching closer to cl**ax, this time with both men following close.

The men switched again. Tracy knew it was Gordon when his rough hand wedged its self between her pu**y and the hard table and started to massage her in hard, tight circles.

It was all that Tracy needed.

The coaxing from Gordon's hand sent off a chain reaction in Tracy. A hot, blooming wave of pleasure raced outward through her body, starting from where his talented fingers ended.

"Yes," she screamed for him. "Fuck it out of me, Mr. Baxter!"

Just before the last pangs of ecstasy had finished, Tracy felt him jerk out of her. A second later, he grunted and shot out a stream of his hot cum toward her. It hit the table between her legs, speckling her with small drops of it.

Tracy gasped for air and tried to push herself up from the table, but Mr. Hayes wasn't having it. He pulled her toward him and again pushed his c**k through her opening. With both hands, he spread her open, making sure to bury his c**k deep.

Moments after, Tracy got no warning as his sticky seed erupted inside of her. A hard chill raced through her spine, making her close her eyes and lay her head back down.

By the time he pulled out, Tracy could already feel the looming cloud of sleep threatening to close in. Without a word, she began to put her clothes back up.

Gordon cleared his throat. "I'll... I'll go to work getting this place cleaned up. You two have a lovely rest of the night."

Mr. Hayes smiled, then began getting dressed himself.

"Thank you for a lovely evening, Gordon. I trust you can lock up yourself?" Tracy asked.

Gordon nodded, and Mr. Hayes and Tracy left the restaurant. For some reason she couldn't understand, Tracy could barely seem to remain awake.

"That was nice, Tracy. I've actually dreamed of us doing this ever since that night with you and Jenna," Mr. Hayes said.

She struggled to keep her eyes open the entire car ride home, though the rhythmic whooshing of passing cars tempted her to the realm of sleep. She struggled out of the car when they arrived and climbed up the stairs, holding onto the banister like a rock-climber dangling from a cliff. Her feet felt like cement and her head felt like it was about to float away, with everything else in between.

Suddenly, what Mr. Hayes had said in the car came back to her. Mr. Hayes had dreamed about a two man threesome.

How did I not know that was going to happen? Why didn't I see it?

As tired as she was, the nagging doubt in her blossoming abilities weighed even heavier on her mind. She wondered about whether or not the skill was fading or, even worse, if she was just outright losing her marbles. There were times when she certainly felt like it could have been the latter.

By the time that Tracy reached the massive, plush bed, her eyes were already half-way shut. Before her tousled hair touched the silk pillow case, she was out completely.

The whirling, twisting colors of blue and red over white surrounded Tracy again, though this time the wind was as hot and dry as the Sahara. She put her forearms up in front of her face to shield herself, but not before a few bits of sand had a chance to blast her cheeks. The flying specks felt like tiny, little needles assaulting her face.

She tried to speak, but the wind was howling like a tornado. Then, just as before, the painful squeeze of the strange man's grip seized her wrist and yanked her out of the multi-colored cyclone.

Tracy landed abruptly onto the desert sand that extended endlessly in every direction. It was hot, almost too hot to stand in. She shifted her feet back and forth and tried to pry her arm away from the man.

"Why do you keep coming to me? Who are you?"

The man, looking a little older than he had before, leaned down so close that she could see the tobacco stains on his teeth.

"Death."

Tracy turned away from him, but he tightened his grip on her wrist enough to force her to look back. When she did, they were nose-to-nose. She could feel his breath rolling down over her heaving chest. Down in her wrist, she felt the small bones in her hand and wrist begin to grind together.

"Tell me your name."

The man shook his head slowly and stroked her face with his free hand, rubbing his crescent scar against her sand-blasted cheek. Little flecks of red spotted her cheek where the grains had made contact and broken her skin. Now, under the unwanted stroking of the man's hand, the drops smeared across her face like war paint.

"Tell me," she screamed at him.

He stopped, pulled his hand away, and slapped her. Tracy yelped and felt her knees buckle beneath her. The only thing stopping her from falling to the ground was his unrelenting grip.

She looked back up, but the man had changed. Near the corner of his face- by where his black, stubby hairline began- a corner of his skin looked like it was peeling away.

It reminded Tracy of the old wallpaper in her grandma's house.

She reached up and pinched the flap. The man didn't try to stop her. In fact, he had stopped moving all together. Tracy grabbed the thing and jerked down, only to be blinded by a brilliant flash of white. The man's old face crumbled to dust in her fingers, but still he didn't let her go.

"Who the hell are you?"

"What," a familiar voice called out to her. "You don't recognize me?"

Tracy opened and closed her eyes, trying to shake away the fog. When they did focus, the smiling face of Gordon Baxter was waiting to greet her.

"Gordon?!"

He exchanged her wrist for her neck, wrapping his skilled hands around her throat and jerking her up against him. Even through his linen whites, she could feel the outline of a raging erection.

It was getting harder and harder for Tracy to breathe. She tried to push away, but his hand felt like it was glued to her. Her feet thrashed and kicked, but never actually made contact with anything. Gordon reached down with his other hand and squeezed her mound firmly.

When he spoke, his words came out like a serpent's hiss.

"I'm going to f**k you, Tracy."

***

The weeks leading up to the grand opening of Tracy's restaurant were a flurry of activity. There was a constant stream of vendors and new employees running in and out of the place from morning to night. At the center of it all, was the waitress-turned-head honcho who, at the end of the day, felt about as lost as the day she chose to make it happen. The constant tornado of things going on made it almost impossible to concentrate on anything for more than a minute or two.

Fortunately, Gordon had stepped in to help after finding her almost in tears because she got the wrong size onions. From that point on, the two worked in a seamless tandem that Tracy hadn't expected.

By the time the big night did arrive, Tracy was thanking her lucky stars for getting him to work for her.

"Tracy!"

One of the younger sous chefs, Brian Hartfield, ran up to her and pushed the bridge of his glasses up with the back of his wrist.

"Baxter wanted me to tell you that we're ready whenever you are."

Unsurprisingly, Gordon had insisted on his employees calling him by his last name only.

"Okay. Thanks."

He nodded and replied briefly, "Yes ma'am."

Tracy closed her eyes and sucked in a big breath of the fragrant air. There was a line of folks waiting not far from where she stood. Among them, she was sure, were local food critics and elite business women and men. Mr. Hayes had seen to the guest list, making sure that all of the right people would be in attendance.

Everything, it seemed, was perfect.

She snapped open her eyes and exhaled. From there, her feet carried her to the lobby, where she slipped open the deadbolt on the front doors and pushed both of them open. Waiting to greet her at the head of the line was Mr. Hayes. He flashed her a toothy smile and adjusted the lapel of his tux jacket.

"You ready?"

"Yep. Marcy," she said to her lead hostess, who was waiting nearby. "Let's start seating."

The young blonde nodded and immediately went to work, dispatching each of her six girls with table after table of important folks and their guests. Tracy stood back with Mr. Hayes and watched all of it with her hands clasped together so tightly that her knuckles were white.

Mr. Hayes reached around and rested his hand on the small of her back.

"Having fun yet?"

"This is supposed to be fun?"

Both of them chuckled. It was a well needed respite.

"I'm going to go check on things in the kitchen," he said and slipped his hand away. "Call me on the radio if you need anything."

Tracy nodded and watched him slip through the crowd and disappear in a matter of moments. She then turned around and walked aimlessly into the parking lot. Not far, but just enough to get away from the restless din of voices, plates and glasses.

There was a cool breeze starting to roll through the city and it grabbed onto the stray hairs that had fallen from her tight pony tail, gently fluttering them about her face. Her cheeks were still flushed, so the wind felt even colder that it would have normally. She shivered and looked to her left, where a small alley ran between her restaurant and the designer boutique next door. It led to the next street over, though Tracy didn't make a habit of strolling through alone at night.

Just as she was about to turn around and go back in, something drew her eyes back. A little puff of smoke bubbled up from behind a streetlight. Tracy stood still and watched as another was sent up and subsequently carried away by the chilly wind.

It wasn't until then that she noticed how quiet the rest of the block was. Aside from her bustling event, hardly a car every five minutes went by and there were even fewer pedestrians. Tracy took a step forward and looked closely.

Behind the lamp's halo of yellow light, a familiar silhouette made her skin crawl. He was bulky, but not very tall. Maybe even an inch or two shorter than her, though if it was who she thought it was, that wouldn't matter.

It's him.

She rested her right hand on the car next to her, using it to propel herself forward when her feet wanted to run in the opposite direction. Tracy had to know if it was the man from her vision; the one whose identity had eluded her for almost a month. A deep, ominous feeling in the pit of her stomach seemed to already have the answer, but she had to know for sure.

Half way across the lot, the man flicked his cigarette into the street and pushed away from the pole. He started down the alley without so much as a glance her way. Tracy followed, though she kept her distance. All the while, her heart felt like it was going to pound right out of her chest. It was becoming hard for her to even breathe normally and her head felt like it would float right off of her neck. The whole world felt like it was being turned on its head.

Tracy slipped past the streetlight where he had been posted and watched as he made it half way down the alley and then abruptly stopped. Her breath caught in her throat.

Did he notice me?

For a while, he just stood there. It took about as long for Tracy to work up the nerve to go over there, but eventually she did. To her, the risk that she was taking was worth it if it meant getting the answers that she so desperately needed.

She started down the alley, inching closer to the man as the rising tide of fear grew in her chest. Finally she reached him, though she was careful to stay an arm's distance away.

"Who are you?" her voice came out as nothing more than a squeak.

The man didn't answer. Going against all of the alarm bells sounding in her head, Tracy reached out to him. Her fingers barely grazed the man's tattered jacket when she spun on his heels. Tracy jumped backwards with a yelp, sure that she had made a grave mistake.

To her surprise, the man who greeted her was not the one from her dream, but rather one of the neighborhood bums. He smiled at her with a toothless (and far from sober) grin.

"Hey there, honey!"

Tracy suddenly felt like she was going to throw up. Hot tears stung the corners of her eyes and she felt the skin on the back of her neck get hot. All of the swirling emotions in her head were becoming too much for her to handle. She wondered if maybe she was losing her grip on reality; if she had gotten herself in over her head.

She backed away from the stranger, then turned and ran back to the rear of her restaurant. The tears were flowing freely from her eyes by the time she arrived, though it was only seconds later.

Plopping herself down onto the back step, Tracy buried her face into her hands and let it all out. She sobbed uncontrollably, her shoulders heaving up and down as she sucked down air between fits of anger and frustration.

It was almost an hour before she was able to pull herself back together and sneak into the bathroom to fix her makeup. The last thing that she needed was for people to think she was as crazy as she felt.

The rest of the night, though it was a very long one, went about as well as Tracy could have hoped for. The guests were pleased, her staff pulled in tips that would be hard to beat in the future and Mr. Hayes declared it a resounding success.

At almost midnight, after everyone else- including Mr. Hayes, who had to be up for a meeting the next day- had gone home, Tracy and Gordon sank down into two opposing chairs with heavy sighs. Most of the light had been turned off, leaving them in a spotty darkness that reminded Tracy of their sinful encounter just weeks before.

"Excellent work, Mr. Baxter," she said and smiled.

"Why, thank you."

He leaned back in his chair and yanked the soiled apron off of himself, throwing it down onto the floor by his seat.

"I didn't know if you had it in you," he continued, "but I think that you handled it pretty well."

You wouldn't say that if you had seen everything, she thought to herself.

"I don't know about that, but I do think that we have cause for a little celebration. Maybe this week we can all go out for drinks."

Gordon Baxter laced his fingers together in front of him and said, "Why wait?"

"What do you mean?"

"Why don't you come back to the hotel with me for a little while?"

She raised an eyebrow.

"Don't worry," he responded. "I had a few menu ideas and vendor suggestions to go over. The hotel's wine selection doesn't hurt, either, I guess."

Tracy looked across to him. She could tell that he wanted her again, but having her alone was something different entirely. That, she feared, would be crossing the line. If Mr. Hayes found out, she knew that their entire relationship could be thrown into jeopardy, along with everything that she had worked so hard to achieve.

She let her eyes fall down to where his hands were clasped together and nearly screamed when she saw it: a small, half-circle scar just above Gordon's right, middle finger. Instantly, her thoughts ran right back to her visions. She saw everything again, though it passed in fleeting, quick flashes that made her head spin. That scar. She knew that scar so well. Had she been right the whole time? Was it Gordon that had actually been haunting her all along, in some way that she hadn't even dreamed of?

There was only one way to find out.

Tracy pushed back in her chair, sitting up straight, and forced the swelling ball of fear back down into her gut.

"Sure," she said, trying to sound normal and barely succeeding. "Why not?"

***

Inside of Gordon's room on the top of the luxury tower, the fireplace near the plush couch had been lit well before their arrival, warming the room to a toasty temperature that was in stark contrast to the cold that settled over the area. It had moved in swiftly, smothering everything for miles in a blanket of iciness.

Not far from there, a track of dim, hidden accent lights circled near the vaulted ceiling, giving the room an inviting glow. Tracy walked in, her heels clacking on the Italian marble flooring, and tried to take it all in.

"This place is amazing."

Gordon walked in behind her and closed the front door softly. When the handle popped shut, Tracy tried not to flinch. All that she could think about was the gun from her dream.

"Have a seat," he said and walked over to the bar. "I'll get you something to drink."

Tracy carefully moved over and lowered herself down. Right away, she started to sink in. The softness of it put her sore feet and tired back into focus, making her even more aware of how unprepared she was for a showdown. She could barely even walk, let alone fight.

"So, is wine okay?"

"Yeah. That would be fine."

The soft pop of the cork leaving the bottle sent memories of Jenna Tice and her attempt to poison Mr. Hayes running through Tracy's mind. The memory was still fresh and, if she tried hard enough, sometimes she could still remember the smug look on the bitch's face as she handed Mr. Hayes his glass. Neither he nor Tracy ever got any real answers as to why Jenna did what she did, but the entire Tice family had disappeared after the incident, leaving behind only questions.

Gordon appeared behind her and lowered her glass to her hands.

"Thanks," she said quietly.

He sat down next to her, though just barely close enough for the edges of their knees to touch, and raised his glass.

"To success."

Tracy met his cup with hers and pretended to take a sip. It didn't seem like he was watching her very closely, but she was still very careful to not give herself away. Just across from a long table near their feet, the dancing fire light flickered and popped. Neither one of them spoke for a while.

Gordon broke the silence not with words, but with a gesture. His hand moved over and landed on top of her knee. He then leaned forward and finally spoke, "You know, Tracy, I've been thinking about the other night."

She looked down to his hand, where the scar stared back at her as plain as day, even in the room's darkness. Seeing it resting on her like that made her want to jump up and run but she knew that the answers were so close.

She bit the inside of her cheek and asked, "What about it?"

He moved closer and put both of their glasses onto the table.

"I was thinking about you," he said and squeezed her thigh, "and the way that I felt when I was inside of you."

His hand continued to massage upward, getting dangerously close to her pu**y.

Tracy, to her surprise, was becoming aroused by his touch and the things that he was saying. There was no doubt that the two of them had amazing chemistry, but she knew in her heart that he was up to something. There was no shaking it.

This was her chance and she knew exactly what to do.

She let him pull her legs apart, exposing her black panties under the short dress that she wore. Gordon bit his lip and hooked a finger around the fabric, pulling it aside just as he had done before.

Two of his fingers slipped into her channel and she gasped loudly. He placed one hand on the lower portion of her stomach, pinning her down to the couch under his powerful arms, and pushed his way into her over and over, picking up speed with every thrust.

"Wait, Mr. Baxter," she said and pushed his probing digits away. "Shouldn't we take this elsewhere?"

"You're right," he replied and stood up. He leaned over and pulled her to her feet, then jerked her in close, reaching around to fondle her ass with both hands. Tracy let him guide her backwards into his bedroom, where a large bed with four posts awaited.

The couple tumbled down onto the bed. At the very last moment, Tracy spun them around so that when they landed, she was perched on top of him. She sat up straight and swept the wild hairs out of her face, holding them up with both hands. Below, she gently rocked her wet folds against his bulging girth.

"So, you want to f**k me again?"

Gordon tried to reach up and fondle her br**sts, but she pushed his hands away and ground over him a little harder.

"I asked you a question."

He seemed a little surprised and answered, "Yes."

"Good," she replied. "But if you want to feel this again, you're going to have to do something for me."

He responded with a familiar answer, "Anything."

"Don't move."

Tracy climbed off of him and walked over to his closet. She flung open the door and knelt down, quickly spotting what she was looking for: shoes. There were almost a dozen pairs, so she picked two pairs of his boots and quickly unlaced them. When she was done, she took her four new ropes and walked back over to the bed with them dangling from each end of a fist.

"And what do you intend to do with those?"

She climbed back on top of him and grabbed one of his wrists.

"Oh come on now, Mr. Baxter," she said and cinched it tight. "I let you tie me up. Now it's my turn to have my way with you."

"Let me?" He raised his h*ps and lifted her off of the bed, pressing their gen**als together. "You wanted it."

She leaned over to take his other hand and pressed her full tits into his face.

"I want a lot of things, you know."

Tracy quickly guided him up and tied both of his wrists to the headboard. Gordon was still playing along, though her suddenly commanding disposition made him a little nervous. He had never seen her so aggressive.

"Like what?"

She reached up and pulled down her dress, exposing her perfectly pointed ni**les. Then she shimmied down onto his legs and unbuttoned his pants while also kicking off her own panties in the process. When she did, his rock-hard erection sprang out at her, demanding attention.

Tracy leaned forward again, this time to let her br**sts glide over the stiff meat waiting below. Gordon groaned and rocked his shaft between them.

"I want to tie your feet, too."

"Go ahead," he responded.

She sat up, turned around and bent over to work on his ankles, making sure that he could see her dripping wet pu**y being spread wide as she did so. She took her time, however, to give him enough time to remember her silky folds and the way that she had screamed his name before.

Finally finished, Tracy turned back around.

"What else?"

"I want you to please me."

Without waiting for permission, she crawled up until she was seated with her neatly-shaven lips just an inch above his waiting mouth.

Gordon craned his neck and buried his tongue into her tight folds, forcing a moan out of her lips. It moved in and out of her in quick, rhythmic flickers and slowly moved up to her swollen clit. Once there, she lowered herself down just enough to allow him to wrap his lips around the tender nub.

"Yes," she screamed and held onto her bouncing tits with both hands.

He continued to switch between suckling and licking with a dexterity similar to what he displayed in the kitchen. It didn't take long for him to bring her to the very edge.

"Don't stop," she demanded.

Gordon sucked down onto her cl*t harder than before, pulling away the last threads of restraint that she had left.

Tracy rocked her h*ps and screamed again as the pleasurable shock waves spread throughout her body. Hard chills raced through her spine, making her body buck against the tied-up chef's mouth with little regard for his feelings. Every bit of it felt so good.

When she was done, she slowly inched herself back down over his body. The anticipation on his part was palpable; she could feel just how bad he wanted her right then. Though neither one of them spoke, there was no denying it. He needed her as much as the big gulps of air that he was taking.

By the time Tracy reached his lap, he was whimpering for some kind of release.

"Do you want to know what I want now?"

She straddled his member and reached down, slipping it out from behind his boxers. Her hand moved up and down over it slowly, stopping each time to gently squeeze the purple tip. Tracy lowered down just enough for his c**k to graze the very outer edge of her folds. She rocked them back and forth over it, teasing him with her ample wetness.

"Yes," he cried. "Anything, please."

The moment of truth had arrived. The decorated chef had been pushed to his limit. Tracy could see it in his eyes, just as she had seen it before in Mr. Hayes. At that moment, he would have given her his own legs to have what was between hers.

She slipped her hand down to the base of his shaft and tightened it firmly.

"I want to know who you're working for."

Gordon Baxter instantly turned as white as a sheet and looked at her with his mouth agape, though not a sound came out. Tracy squeezed a little harder.

"Who sent you?"

He looked down to her with a mix of desperation and horror on his face. In that brief moment, Tracy wondered if she had been mistaken all along. Everything that she had done up to that point was all a wild shot in the dark. What if she was wrong? What if this poor guy was just a player in an elaborate scenario that Tracy had built up in her own head?

"Tice," he said, tears already in his eyes. "John Tice."

The words were like a bullet to her chest.

"He heard about your restaurant- about me coming to work for you- and wanted to find out what you were up to. Please, Tracy," he pleaded. "I didn't have a choice."

She finally let go of his softening c**k and slapped both hands onto the front of his shirt. Her fingers curled up around the fabric and she used the matching bunches to pin him there.

"Why?"

"Why would he tell me that? All that he wanted was information."

Tracy pulled on his shirt, raising his back off of the bed slightly.

"What's his phone number."

"Look, I don't want to-"

Without even thinking, Tracy reared back a fist and brought it back down near the corner of Gordon's mouth, which still glimmered and shined with her slick fluids. His head snapped to the side for a moment, then turned back to face her.

Tracy leaned in close to his face, "We can do this all night, Mr. Baxter."

The lower half of his lip was already swelling up before her eyes.

"555-8524."

She released his shirt and quickly climbed down, pulling her panties back on afterward. She grabbed a nearby pen and notepad and scribbled the number down, tossing the pen aside when she was finished.

Tracy started toward the exit.

"You're just going to leave me here like this?! I told you that I had no choice. Who knows what those guys could have done to me? Please Tracy, you have to believe me."

She paused near the bedroom doorway and, without turning around, said calmly, "Mr. Baxter, you're fired."

The long walk out of the hotel was a bittersweet one for Tracy. Although she still didn't know who the man from her dream was, she had the answers that she had been seeking. Of course, now it all made sense to her. But why would the Tice family care about her restaurant?

"The restaurant," she mumbled and leaned back against the elevator's polished wall.

Everything, it seemed, had been ruined. She no longer had a head chef, not to mention the fact that he had betrayed her so deeply. There was no time to hire anyone else and, even if she did, how would she ever be able to trust them after everything that had happened?

Tracy had so many doubts.

She hurried through the main lobby. There wasn't another soul in sight, save for the two front desk clerks who waved her goodbye.

Outside, posted against one of the tall, Romanesque columns holding up the reception area, Mr. Hayes waited for her silently. When she finally saw him, after almost walking past without a second look, her heart sank. She didn't want him to find out like this. There wasn't even enough time for her to process what Gordon told her, let alone enough for her to find the right words to say to him.

"What is going on, Tracy?"

She stopped a few feet away from him and lowered her head.

"We need to talk."

The two walked to his car silently and got in next to each other. As soon as the door shut, he turned to her.

"Why are you here?"

"What do you know about John Tice, anyway?"

"Tracy, is this still about Jenna?" He sighed, "I thought that-"

"This has nothing to do with Jenna," she stomped her foot onto the plush floor mat. Perhaps because of all the words fighting to get out of her mouth, Tracy's voice quickly raised. "Gordon has been spying on us!"

"What?"

Mr. Hayes looked genuinely shocked by her accusations. He turned away slowly and roared the engine to life.

"He was hired by Tice, Mr. Hayes. That pretentious f**k has been watching our every move."

He shifted into drive and guided the car out of the hotel's expansive parking lot. When they reached the street, he asked, "Why?"

"I don't know. I don't think that even Gordon did. He didn't plan on becoming a part of all this."

"Neither did you."

She sighed and looked out the window. Everything seemed like a blur- a giant smudge that filled the entirety of the glass pane. What could she possibly say to that?

They rode in silence for the fifteen minutes that it took to get back to the Hayes estate. By then, it was almost 4 in the morning and all the inside lights were dark. Tracy had to feel her way through the foyer and up the stairs. The whole way, Mr. Hayes stayed closed behind her with his hand placed lovingly on the small of her back.

Once inside the massive bedroom, Tracy kicked her shoes off blindly into the darkness. Mr. Hayes went into the bathroom and flicked on a small light, flooding the room with a soft, yellow glow. He watched her carefully as she stripped off her dress and cast it aside almost angrily.

"So how do you know all of this?"

Tracy froze. She couldn't tell him about her dreams; but the visions of his crescent-shaped scar that broke everything wide open. And, yet, she hadn't considered what she would say when confronted.

"I recognized him," she said honestly. "Maybe I saw him at the party where Jenna tried to murder you, I don't know. There was something that wasn't right, so I went and found out what."

Mr. Hayes seemed to reluctantly accept her answer. Tracy walked over to where he was standing and wrapped her arms around the back of his neck.

He whispered to her, "Are you okay?"

"Yeah," she said breathlessly.

Mr. Hayes grabbed and moved her toward the bed, planting gentle kisses against the side of her neck. The mounting tension of the night immediately took her over, creating an all new hunger for him that she never knew existed.

Tracy immediately wrapped her legs around him, pressing her pu**y against him with an eager groan.

"I love you," he sighed onto her neck.

"I love you, too," she smiled and closed her eyes. "Now, why don't you make love to me?"

He laughed a knowing chuckle and threw her onto the bed. She flipped over and pulled her knees up under her, elevating her round ass to him. Mr. Hayes used both hands to yank down her panties and then he pulled one hand back, bringing it back down onto her cheek with a loud pop.

Tracy sucked the air through her teeth and wiggled her rear at him, begging for more. After everything that she had been through, the shocking sting was the only thing that could bring her back down to earth.

Mr. Hayes spanked her again, this time hard enough to make her yelp. Her body instinctively lurched forward and fell back toward him, where she was met by another brutal whip.

He continued his assault, beating both each side in turn until two bright red circles were left behind. When he was satisfied with his work, he wedged his hands between Tracy's thighs and pushed them apart.

"Mr. Hayes," she cried out.

His frantic pace almost seemed to slow him down as he fumbled with his belt and pants. Tracy turned over onto her back and looked up at him, watching his every move. She looked on as he stripped off every article of clothing in a manner of seconds.

There was a hungry desperation there that Tracy could recognize easily.

She pushed herself up with her hands behind her and kissed him, their greedy tongues exploring each other like it was their very first time. Mr. Hayes reached down, grabbed her waist, and dragged her entire body closer to him.

Tracy spread her legs open, letting him sink into her in one easy movement.

"Fuck yes," she gasped and arched her back toward him.

The way that he filled her would never get old.

His girth pushed her tingling walls open wide, massaging every nerve ending with precision. Tracy watched on as he stayed upright and pounded into her, thrusting her body up and down under his powerful movements.

Mr. Hayes reached down to her cl*t and extended a thumb, massaging the pink flesh surrounding it. Tracy threw her head back and cried out his name. He knew exactly how to please her.

"I'm-"

She couldn't even finish her sentence. Instead, she gasped and closed her eyes as the tight grip of release took over her body. Deep inside, the walls of her pu**y clenched around Mr. Hayes' shaft in hard, commanding pulses. Both of them could feel it.

"Oh God," she proclaimed loudly and threw her arms to the side.

Mr. Hayes finally leaned down to her and dipped both hands beneath her bra, pushing it up to expose her bouncing br**sts to him. For a minute he just watched, but the lure of her sexy curves drew him- and his mouth- in.

His tongue explored every ridge and bump of her ni**les, one after the other. The sensation made Tracy shiver with joy.

Not long after, Mr. Hayes abruptly moved up and locked lips with her just in time to release his hot seed into her channel. It spilled out into her with a warm rush that made her moan onto his lips.

He pumped his cum into her a few last times before falling over to her side with a sigh of pure exhaustion. Tracy wrapped her arm around his shoulders, forcing him to rest his head on her naked, glistening chest. In that moment, she felt like she could stay there with him forever.

Unfortunately, there was still some business to attend to.

Without much of a break, Mr. Hayes propped himself up on an elbow and grabbed his pants from the floor next to him. He took his phone out of the pocket and unlocked it.

"What was that number, again?"

He dialed as she spoke, looked over to her quickly and pressed the green 'call' button. Even though it was pressed to his ear, Tracy could hear it ringing. Though she wasn't even the one making the call, it felt like her stomach had leapt up into her throat.

Someone on the other end answered. From there on out, Tracy couldn't make out anything that he said.

"No, you listen to me you son of-"

He paused and huffed air through his nostrils, listening carefully to whatever John Tice had to say. To Tracy, it felt like a lifetime before the garbled voice fell silent.

"Fine, but I'm expecting some serious f**king answers from you, John. And you'd better be alone."

The phone's 'end' button beeped and Mr. Hayes set it down onto the nightstand. He then lowered himself back down onto the pillows and turned so that he and Tracy faced each other.

"He already knows about Baxter. This carefully constructed web of his is starting to unravel now."

Tracy, so full of emotions that she could barely manage an intelligent answer, clenched her fist between them.

"When I see that little-"

"No," Mr. Hayes cut her off. "I can't let you go with me. I don't know what I would do if something happened to you."

"I can't just let you go there alone. I know damn well that he won't."

"How do you know?"

Tracy fumbled around for an answer. In her haste, she had revealed information that she couldn't have known.

"You can't trust a man like him."

"No, I can't, but you are my world now and I won't let you be around him again. We've seen what he can do- how far his reach can be."

His protectiveness warmed Tracy from the inside. It had been a long time since someone cared so deeply for about her.

"Promise that you won't go," he continued.

"I won't," she said.

It was a lie, of course, and the guilt immediately hit her like a brick wall.

"Because if you-"

Tracy reached up and rested her index finger across his lips. She didn't know if she would be able to lie to him if he asked again. One was enough for her to have to live with.

"Mr. Hayes," she said softly. "You can shut up now."

He smirked at her playfully-snide comment and let his head settle down onto her na**d chest. There were, in the end, no more words that needed to be said in that moment. The feeling of electricity between them was enough.

In spite of the uncertainties in their past, both of them knew what they wanted for the future and, as they lay there with their sticky bodies entangled with one another, each one silently resolved to do whatever it took to make it work.

***

After a few restless hours of sleep and a whole lot of waiting around, Paul Hayes watched the half moon overhead as it cast down its pure, white light. He had leaned himself up against a large window that faced west and extended his arm so that he could rest his head on it.

Tracy wasn't far from him. She was seated on the edge of a pure white sofa and looking out at the spectacular display, too. Between the two, there was a nervous silence that seemed to weigh both of them down. Tracy sat hunched forward, her elbows resting on the tops of her knee caps and her hands dangling listlessly in front of her. Mr. Hayes, though he was standing, looked like the shoulders of his jacket had been lined with concrete.

Neither one wanted to discuss the true potential of his upcoming meeting with John Tice. The fact that he had insisted on meeting in a warehouse on the edge of town certainly didn't help matters.

Tracy opened her mouth to speak, but she but it right back up when no words came to her.

What have I done to this man? What have I started? She looked him over from head to toe and sighed as an unwelcome rush of guilt gripped her stomach. If I hadn't come along, maybe he wouldn't have been caught up in any of this. And what did I do? I used him to get what I wanted and look where that has put us.

"I'm sorry," she mumbled.

Mr. Hayes turned around to face her. "What?"

She sat up straighter and looked to him with tears welling up in the corners of her eyes. Even if she couldn't articulate every transgression, Tracy needed to get it off of her chest.

"For everything," she swiped away a few drops on her cheeks. "I'm sorry for all of it."

He immediately walked over to her and pulled her up onto her feet.

"This isn't your fault, Tracy. John Tice and I have known each other for longer than I can even remember. If anything, the fault lies with him."

She let her body sink into his as his muscular arms wrapped around her shoulders. Right away, she was enveloped in a warm pocket of air that was punctuated by the subtle scent of his cologne. There, in his arms, she felt safe.

The reality of the situation, however, didn't let them truly enjoy it. Tracy felt, with every second that marched them closer to their fate, like she was going to vomit. She could feel the acid burn of it in the very back of her throat and no amount of water would make it go away.

"I have to go now."

He unraveled his arms from around her, leaned in for one last, passionate kiss and started toward the door. Tracy watched him go and, before she could open her mouth to call him back again, he disappeared into the night.

Only twenty minutes later, Mr. Hayes killed the headlights on his luxury town car and rolled is slowly down a winding, gravel driveway that led to John Tice's warehouse. The narrow road was lined with trees, making it almost impossible to see around the multiple bends and turns.

When he reached the end, he turned the car around in case a quick escape was necessary. Anything was possible with his old boss.

Mr. Hayes climbed out of the car and walked across the parking lot. It was empty, save for one of the Tice family's many vehicles: a black SUV with windows as dark as the sky above.

He pushed through the front door, which opened up to a cavernous expanse of empty space. Near the back, a single light illuminated a long, cherry wood desk. Behind it, John Tice's familiar face was waiting to greet him.

He didn't even bother getting up from his high-backed chair.

"Nice to see you again, Paul."

"Save your bullshit pleasantries." Mr. Hayes slammed both hands open palm onto the table between them, making the various knick-knacks that lined its edge hop up and clatter back down. "Why have you been watching us?"

He paused and eyes Mr. Hayes in a reserved manner.

"I'm going to need you to sell that restaurant back to me, effective immediately."

"Give me one good reason."

John raised his right eyebrow and continued, "Don't try and act like a big-shot with me, Paul. You're dancing with the big boys now and I'm not so sure that you realize just what you're getting yourself- and that bitch girlfriend of yours- into."

"Enlighten me," Mr. Hayes said through angrily-gritted teeth.

"Ha," John laughed. "I don't have the time, or the inclination to tell you a damn thing. But I will tell you this: most of the officials within fifty miles of here are sitting happy right under my thumb." He slowed down his words until they came out in a crawl. "You...can't...touch me."

"I don't care if you ate bagels with the f**king Pope this morning. You're not getting that restaurant, no matter who you think is on your side. Not everybody is a corrupt windbag like you, John. You can't have them all up your sleeve."

The old man looked as if Hayes' comment actually hurt his feelings.

"Now Paul," he said. "I didn't think that I would have to remind you about everything that I have done for you and your company."

"And you don't have to."

John leaned back in his chair and it squealed loudly beneath him. The abrasive sound echoed through the nearly-empty warehouse. It was loud enough for Tracy, who had secretly followed her lover there despite his demands for her to stay behind, to hear from outside.

She paused where she was and crouched behind a massive cooling unit. It was just close enough for her to hear their conversation.

"Well I feel like you need to be reminded of something...maybe how to pick your battles?"

Mr. Hayes opened his hands and let his fingers spread out over the cold wood.

"What are you implying, sir?"

The last word practically dripped with disdain.

John Tice finally rose up from his chair and leaned onto the desk, mimicking Mr. Hayes' position.

"I'm not implying anything. I'm telling you that you and your pauper girlfriend are going to move the restaurant and hand over the deed to that building."

Outside, Tracy nodded her head slowly. Things were making more sense with every moment that passed.

Mr. Hayes' voice wafted through the high windows and asked the same question that Tracy was thinking, "Why?'

John laughed loudly and sat back down in his chair.

"Come on, Paul. You know as well as I do that every profitable empire has one hand or two in the black market. Yours was no different."

"That was a long time ago, John. It doesn't mean anything now."

"I think it does."

Tracy, still hiding behind the bulky piece of equipment, agreed with him for once.

"That still doesn't explain why you want that building back."

"That building?" John fiddled with his onyx cufflinks and continued, "There's not much I can say about that building, other than the fact that it holds your precious Tracy's dreams. After the two of you seduced my beautiful daughter and ruined her life. I would think that you would understand and give me the benefit of the doubt."

"After your kid tried to poison me?" The rising agitation was showing through in Mr. Hayes' voice. "Why would I give you the benefit of anything? I already let you go once; you and your crazy daughter. Clearly that was a mistake."

But before she could hear any more, a different sound made her ears perk up. It was a crunching, like shoes on the gravel driveway. In fact, that was exactly what it was.

From somewhere beyond where she could see, a man in all black approached the warehouse. Both of his hands were tucked into the front pockets of his leather jacket. The dark garment had been zipped all the way up to the man's clearly boxy chin.

Tracy froze, though the acrid sting of vomit was again rising inside of her.

"Fuck," she mouthed silently.

It's him.

The peripheral of Tracy's vision faded to black as she locked eyes on her supernatural stalker. She couldn't hear Mr. Hayes' voice any more. All that came through was a fast, powerful pounding as the blood coursed through the vessels in her head at break-neck speeds. Her heart felt like it was going to bore a hole right through her chest and her knees went weak, forcing her to put both hands onto the ground to keep from falling.

The man crunched his way toward the building. He would cast a wary glance over his shoulder every once in a while, but otherwise seemed relatively calm. Tracy, on the other hand, was experiencing a whole new level of fear. Her skin tingled and her mouth went dry. She knew damn well what he was there for.

He walked past where Tracy hid and continued beyond the edge of the building. Tracy closed her eyes and swallowed before forcing herself to follow. She crept along the wall, being careful to step of patches of gravel that already looked worn down into the ground. Those would be the most quiet.

When she reached the end of the wall, she carefully peaked around the corner. The man was only a few steps away from the front door and his left hand was no longer in his pocket. Instead, his stubby fingers gripped a pistol close to his side.

Tracy started to panic. She didn't have a plan.

The faintest shadow of a whimper escaped through the bile in her throat, but it was just enough to change everything.

The man turned on his heels, prompting Tracy to double back a few feet and press herself against the building's rough stucco exterior. The little bits of it poked outward, scraping her back easily as she pressed every ounce of her body weight against it. There was nowhere to run; nowhere that she could get to in time. It was, in reality, only a matter of seconds.

In the blink of an eye, Tracy's need for flight gave way to the resolve to fight. There was no more time left to consider how or why.

It had to be done. He had her cornered.

The tip of the man's elbow was the first thing that crossed into Tracy's sights. Then she closed her eyes, screamed at the top of her lungs and charged.

What happened next was a blur. She lunged toward him, aiming low and colliding with his knees, sending him down onto the ground with her. The man was visibly surprised, but quickly began to fight back against a barrage of thrashing limbs. Tracy couldn't see the gun during any of it. All that she saw was white- blinding white.

The weapon's cold metal grazed her thigh for a moment and everything slowed down to a crawl. Her vision snapped back on in time for her to look down and see the blood-red handle waiting to greet her.

Tracy looked back up to find the man scrambling to his feet. He was almost there and had his finger already curled around the trigger. By the time that she opened her mouth to scream, he was standing and raising the gun to meet her horrified stare.

Behind him, Paul Hayes appeared, grabbing the shoulder of the man's leather jacket with both hands and yanking him backward.

BANG!

The gun went off. Tracy saw the brief flash near the end of the muzzle but it was too dark for her to see the bullet as it rocketed past and tore through the very edge of her upper arm. She immediately cried out and fell to the ground, a spattering of her blood spraying out onto the gravel below.

Mr. Hayes, whether through his prowess or pure luck, wrestled the man down to the ground and immediately climbed on top of him. By the time that Tracy was able to clamp and hand down onto her wound and stand up onto her shaking legs, Mr. Hayes had beaten the assassin into unconsciousness and was still going.

"Mr. Hayes," she screamed. "Mr. Hayes!"

He didn't answer, but she still wasn't close enough to reach him.

"Paul!"

Hearing her call him that name made him snap out of his blood-hungry trance. He grabbed the gun from where it had fallen and climbed up off of the man, never once taking his eyes off of him.

"Tracy," he cried. "Please tell me you're okay."

She finally made it to the scene and looked down at the man as a steady pattering of her blood dripped down onto his jacket. Mr. Hayes had done a number on his face, but there was no doubting who it was.

Tracy snapped her head up at the sound of a car peeling out and scatting little rocks everywhere. It was John Tice and he was well on his way to being gone.

"What is it?" He asked, afraid to take even one eye off of his would-be assassin.

"It's John. He's getting away."

It came as no surprise to either of them. John Tice was the type of guy who got away with things because of his position, even if that meant throwing his hired help under the bus. It was nothing new, but it made Tracy wonder if they had maybe scared him enough to lay low. Maybe her restaurant wouldn't be worth it to him anymore and they could go back to their lives.

"What about him?"

Mr. Hayes carefully engaged the safety on the gun and put it in his pocket.

"Are you kidding? He failed. If we are still talking about the same John Tice, he is as good as done. Come on. We need to go."

He took a few steps back but never turned completely around. Tracy gently grabbed his free wrist and walked around so that she could finally look at his face.

"Then what?"

He pried his wrist from her and raised his hand to cup her blood-flecked cheek. When he finally met her stare, Tracy could see the laid-bare emotions that he wanted to express, but for which words were inadequate.

"It doesn't matter, Tracy. I love you, and I will fight from here to hell and back to make sure that you know it." He pulled her in a kissed her lips with a new-found tenderness that was a first for both of them. When he pulled away, Tracy could see the tear-stained trails leading from his eyes as he asked, "This might not be the best time, but I've never been more sure than I am right now. Will you be my wife?"

The question rocked Tracy more than any of the events leading up to it. She glanced over to the man, who was still motionless on the ground, and then turned back to Mr. Hayes. It was obvious that neither one of them had planned to make that leap so soon. She could see it in his eyes: the pleading desperation that comes only from realizing that he found the one thing that he couldn't live without.

"Yes," she responded simply and fell into his arms. It was the one place that where she knew she would always be safe.

Mr. Hayes pulled her off of her feet with one arm and carried her away from the bloody scene with a renewed vigor to protect and provide for Tracy, no matter what the cost. As the sun began to rise over a distant tree-line to the east, it felt as if the dawn heralded not only the new day, but a new chapter in their lives.

Tracy closed her eyes and let him carry her to the car.

"Mrs. Tracy Hayes", she whispered to herself and smiled.

It was the most beautiful thing that she had heard in a long, long time.

