Chapter 1

Chloe strolled around her parent's mansion carrying a glass of orange juice and a slice of peanut butter toast while carelessly leaving crumbs in her wake. Even though she didn't glance in the mirror when she climbed out of bed, her natural beauty, ruffled hair and all, was evident to everyone but herself. Being surrounded by the most exquisite furnishings and decor all her life had only served to magnify her feelings of emptiness. Living inside of a showcase made her adamant about not trying to fit the part. What Chloe wanted couldn't be bought. Stopping to stare at paintings and statues, which had been shipped from all over the world, caused her to laugh at the ridiculous amount of money her parents spent to make their home look more like a museum than anything else. She lived here, but would never consider this as her home. The estate was large and sprawling, but it amounted to nothing more than a prison for the twenty-four year old. Being engaged to Edmund ranked right up there with her assumed prisoner status. She kept the large diamond ring he'd given to her upstairs on her dresser and only wore it if she was seeing him.

Opening the heavy front doors, Chloe let the sun hit her face. She closed her eyes and inhaled while the light danced off her long golden hair. She wished the hammering sounds would stop soon and stop interrupting her daydreaming. Sighing heavily as she shut the doors, a voice came from behind Chloe causing her to startle.

"Good morning, Miss Burlington," said one of the security staff.

She smiled and then rolled her eyes after he'd passed by. Spies. She couldn't wait for Becky, her best friend since first grade, to come over and cheer up her day. Best friends shared their laughter and joy, their sadness and secrets; but some of Chloe's secrets never left her mouth. She knew she was getting close to her breaking point.

She was very wealthy and could definitely afford to live anywhere she wanted, but Chloe was tailgated, her friends investigated, and when security would show up to drag her back home, she wanted to bury her head in the sand. Being Chloe Burlington wasn't an asset. She was to stay out of the public eye and avoid cameras. The press knew the Burlington's had a baby girl, but had no idea of what she looked like now. Slowly, every friend she made, other than Becky Lockhart, ran for the hills. She was encouraged to socialize with only people 'of her own stature', and the last thing she wanted was to hang out with anyone who represented everything she disliked. Just because you had wealth, didn't mean you were free to treat others like garbage. There was one good thing about being kept so isolated. With her face unknown, she could easily lie unless her license was checked. Being disclosed would remove whatever grain of freedom she had left.

Chloe followed the sounds of the hammering and walked back to the front doors. She could roam the grounds, but if she left the gates of the estate, there were very strict guidelines. She followed the rules, only because fighting for her freedom and independence was such a fruitless effort. Exhausting. She couldn't see any work crews, but it was possible the sounds were coming from the neighbor. She turned and walked back inside.

The only personal photographs on the wall were a family picture of her parents holding her when she was a baby and a large photo of her and Edmund after they became engaged. Chloe looked up at Edmund's frozen smile with a horrible taste in her mouth. The pictures were hung in the entrance so that anyone who came over could see they were a happy family.

When she turned twenty-one, her parents went into a panic. They were terrified of their daughter not being married and carrying a name as prestigious as Burlington. She was shoved into a date with Edmund, whose parents are nearly as wealthy as Chloe's. She thought he was a really nice guy on that first date, but by the second date, she hated him. She put up with Edmund, knowing it was perhaps her ticket to freedom. Truth be told, Chloe hated her life more and more each day.

Her serious face turned to nothing but wide smiles when she heard Becky's Jaguar racing up the long drive. The two young women had become closer than sisters...just sisters with secrets. Chloe ran through the kitchen in her oversized pink t-shirt and out the side door to the pool. She entered the fancy pool room and quickly changed into her bikini. Chloe stepped back outside just as Becky was letting her designer cover-up fall off her shoulders onto the lounge chair.

"Where's that hammering coming from?" Becky whispered as she placed her hands over her ears.

"Too much to drink last night?"

"Yeah, and don't laugh at me. That wine tasting event...Oh God, I don't want to talk about it." Becky lifted up her sunglasses, grimaced, and then placed them back over her eyes.

Becky was five-foot-eight and much more fuller figured than Chloe's five-foot-two slender build. She would never be caught dead in public without her face made up and appearance pristine. Becky thrived in her wealth and flaunted it whenever possible, which was such a big part of her personality, almost to the point of being gaudy. She was also the only one who loved the young heiress unconditionally. Chloe returned the love and friendship, gaudiness and all.

"That freaking hammering is going to make me shoot myself." Becky covered her ears.

Chloe laughed as she stood up to go investigate. She knew it wasn't at her house because Becky would have told them to leave as soon as she drove up. She could picture her screaming at a work crew to the point of alerting security. Chloe was still laughing when she returned.

"I have no idea where the sound is coming from. It echoes." Her friend was looking a little green around the gills. "Did you eat anything?"

"No, and don't mention food. I'll gladly take some coffee if Lois has any made." Becky stuck her lip out like a little girl.

"I'll go inside and look, if you promise to put your lip back in your head." Chloe gave her a thumbs-up and walked into the kitchen. Lois, Chloe's chef and life-long maternal figure wasn't around, but the coffee was nice and hot. She poured two glasses of juice, decorating the rims with orange slices, then poured two mugs full of the aromatic brew and grabbed some headache medicine. She pushed the door open with her foot and stepped back outside carrying a tray. Becky grabbed the mug quickly, nearly spilling the coffee.

Chloe lay down on the lounge chair and closed her eyes. The hammering sounds were getting a little stronger, but the white noise of her thoughts spinning around in her head was even louder. Twenty-four years old, and the best she's seen in this world is the gated community of Berkshire.

Chloe and Becky were privately schooled. They met through an arranged play date set up by their mothers, and they'd been inseparable ever since. Edmund, on the other hand, was a different matter.

"You there?" Becky laughed.

"Sorry, I must have dozed off. Feeling better?"

"Yes, but that pounding is on my nerves."

Chloe smiled, stood up, and walked over to the edge of the pool. "Oh my, I found the hammering, Beck. There're roofers on the neighbor's guesthouse. Look at that..."

"Look at what?" Becky rolled over to see what Chloe was talking about. "What in the heck are you looking at him for? You're practically married, though I must admit he's quite the male specimen. However, you're spoken for."

"Well, my mother and father can marry Edmund. I'm certainly not."

"The man on that roof is certainly not an Edmund." Becky stretched her neck to get a better view. "Fine indeed...Wait, what do you mean you aren't marrying Edmund?"

"My mother and father are in the same social circle as Edmund's parents and they shoved us together. He doesn't mind, but I do! They're all filthy rich, and my parents found that pig to be acceptable. He only cares about my money and my looks. Seriously, that's all he talks about. When I got my trust fund a few years ago, Edmund really started to pour it on thick."

"You're rich, too, so why are you judging him? That's not like you."

"Oh my God, look at that man..."

"Chloe, you seriously need to cool off. That guy wouldn't be any good for you. Besides, if you think your parents are going to let you get hooked up with something like that, you have another thing coming."

"I just want to be happy. I want someone to love who'll love me back...someone who'll acknowledge my heart, not just my looks, status, and my money."

"You're getting married," Becky reminded her.

"I told you, I'm not marrying Edmund. As a matter of fact, today's a great day to end things with him."

"...Sweetie, do your parents know how you feel?" Becky sat up and took her sunglasses off. She'd never seen her friend this upset before.

Chloe felt her cheeks flush and eyes burn. She had no intentions of spilling what she'd been hiding inside these walls for all her life. Pretending to be happy in her engagement, pretending she was close with her parents and that they called her at least three times a week, had finally made her break. Slowly she turned her back to her friend and stared up at the neighbor's roof. She heard Becky get up and walk toward her. She thought she could be strong, but as soon as she felt Becky's arms go around her, she lost it. The tears came out in force.

"My parents don't really know anything about me. Raised by nannies while they traveled all my life isn't exactly anything to bond over."

Not grasping the extent of what she heard, Becky tried to give the best advice she could drum up. "You have to tell them how you feel and that you're breaking things off with Edmund."

"I'm an adult. I don't have to tell them anything. Do you know they haven't bothered to call me in a very long time? They talk to the staff here at the house, but they don't ever speak to me. I grab the phone from Lois if she's talking with my parents. All I hear is them hanging up." Chloe jumped in the pool to wash away the tears.

"I'm so sorry, sweetie, I had no idea..." Becky wiped the tears off her own face. "Why didn't you say something to me?"

"Do you know how embarrassing and humiliating it is to say that my parents don't care about me, don't know who I am, when your folks are so kind and loving to you?"

Becky helped her out of the pool and they sat on the edge. She kept her arm around Chloe and let her head rest on her shoulder. They sat in silence for a long time, both lost in their own thoughts. The girls were very protective of one another, and Becky had to fight her strong urge to try and contact the Burlington's.

"Love, I'm not trying to stick up for your parents, but you have to know that being this rich puts you in a different category. Poor people and rich ones don't have a lot in common."

"Don't take offense to this, but you wouldn't know, and neither would I." Chloe stood up and dried off. "I'm going to go introduce myself when he gets off that roof. If things go badly, you can be the first one to say 'I told you so.'"

Chloe dozed off and when she awoke, the hammering sounds were gone. She looked up at the roof and didn't see anyone. The sun was going down, and she began to panic. Dang, I missed him! She certainly didn't mean to sleep for so long. Then she heard the sound of a car motor and someone drive away. Maybe that wasn't him.

"You're acting like a guy," laughed Becky as she tried to lighten things up. "Besides, he's going to be all grimy and sweaty, and probably smell."

"I can't help myself. Do you know when the last time was that a guy turned my head? Edmund might not be very great looking, but it was his personality that made him unattractive to me."

"You went from this kind, polite, almost bashful girl to a heathen!"

"That's okay, because this heathen is going on a mission. It's about time I actually do something I want to do. If Edmund calls, tell him to go to hell. If my parents happen to call, tell them I moved." Chloe took off in the house and changed into shorts and a baggy t-shirt, then hurried back outside and smiled at Becky.

"Are you seriously going over there?"

"Yep."

"Well now's your chance. He's walking across the grass to a ratty truck."

Chloe took off running down the long driveway. By the time she hit the middle of the lawn, the roofer was driving away in his truck. She slowly walked back to the pool and sat on the chair.

"You know what? That's a big roof," began Chloe as she brightened up. They aren't finished with it yet. Tomorrow, throw on some more sunscreen. We're going to sit out here all day if we have to."

"....And Edmund?"

"I'll take care of it. He needs to be with a woman who prioritizes like he does. Did you know that he doesn't even want children? He thinks they're dirty. I can't be with him. You're my best friend, Becky. You have to stand behind me and not tell another soul about this."

"I got your back, chica, don't you worry."

She walked inside the house and stared at Edmund's cocky smile. Is this what I want? Chloe knew the answer but didn't know if she was capable of following through with the ball she was getting ready to start rolling. She would have given anything to have had the courage to stand up for herself when the relationship with Edmund was arranged. But she was so hungry for love and approval it was pathetic. Even though Chloe despised the entire situation she was forced into, she went along with it without a peep when she saw the potential for her to get what she wanted. Her parents would have to show up at her wedding, so maybe they'd find her to be a beautiful bride and would want to stay. If they hated me so badly, why did they have me? An accident...I must have been an accident. Maybe they wanted a boy. She was the sole heiress of Burlington Enterprises and couldn't despise the business any more than she already did. The business was their baby, I never was. Later that evening, after Chloe got her courage, she picked up the phone and called Edmund.

"Hello, my future Mrs. Edmund Lauer."

Chloe could hear the tall, very thin, perfectly groomed pig, rubbing his palms together like he was getting ready to roll the dice. "We need to talk. Can you come by?"

"I'm happy you phoned me. I was going to tell you to put on that black dress. I'm taking you out for drinks. I ran into some old classmates I'd like you to meet."

"I don't have to wear that black dress. I have lots of clothes. Why do you always want me dressing like that?"

"Because it's sexy and turns every man's head. You are always the sexiest thing in the room. I'll pick you up at nine."

"Thing...I'm not a thing! I'm not only going to not wear the black dress, I'm not going to go anywhere with you. I'm sorry, Edmund, but I can't be in an arranged relationship, and that's what this is. I think it's best if we go our separate ways. I'll have the ring delivered back to you. Hell, you can even have the black dress and wear it yourself!" Chloe wasn't aware of how loudly she was talking.

"We can talk about it over drinks, my bride. Don't forget, nine o'clock, and wear that little black dress! The guys will fall out of their chairs!"

Wiping the tears off her face, Chloe reached up, removed the large photograph from the wall, carefully removed it from its frame...then shredded it. His cocky smile was now torn in half. Picking up her purse and keys, she went out the front door. She walked right by her Mercedes and hopped in her Jeep. Her parents bought the car for her birthday and even had it delivered. But what she really wanted was a phone call on her special day. Chloe knew that wouldn't happen, so it wasn't a surprise when the keys were handed to her by the security staff, along with a birthday card from Earl and Sylvia Burlington of Burlington Enterprises. Chloe's name wasn't even on the card. Not only was it mailed from the business, it was the same printed ones they had the secretary mail to everyone. Unfortunately, it was the identical card she always received.

Chloe and her parents were basically strangers. They didn't even know she bought the red Jeep. Sylvia and Earl knew as much about her as Edmund did. As she sped down the driveway, security stopped her like she knew they would.

"Miss Burlington, where are you headed so late in the evening?"

"Look, I'm going out to buy tampons because Lois isn't around. I won't be gone long and I have cash. No ID required!" Chloe smiled, knowing if security found her to be upset, they wouldn't open the gates. Thankfully her parents hadn't been in the news and no reporters were outside, or she definitely wouldn't be going anywhere.

"Very well," the guard replied, then looked at his watch and wrote the time on a clipboard.

Chloe slowly let out the breath she'd been holding and waved while she calmly left the estate.

I'm done with all this!

Chapter 2

Matthew tossed the box of shingles over his shoulder as if it was weightless. The bright June sun was bearing down on the small crew and showing no mercy. Michigan's gross humidity was adding to their misery, and he didn't look forward to the long twelve hour days. He cringed at the thought of burning up on this hot roof over the next week laying shingles on a guesthouse. The forecast predictions warned of an unbearable summer, and they were right. Ninety degrees in the shade, and God knows how hot it was on these black shingles. I should stop complaining. It is what it is.

The guesthouse was huge, and they'd only just begun on this project. It was the first contract he'd ever landed in the rich community of Berkshire. He had to bid low in order to get it and, unfortunately, after covering all his overhead, his paycheck wasn't going to be that great. Matthew knew it'd be a cold day in hell before he dug himself out of the financial hole he was in.

He couldn't help but feel bitterness. How do people afford a house like this? Hell, today I'd be happy just to be able to afford another man on the crew. Getting stuck in his father's roofing business wasn't exactly what he had planned for himself. There were no siblings or other relatives to share the burden. Matthew was an only child, and his mother walked out three weeks after his birth. She left the apartment to go to the store and never came back. A note was later found with the words "I'm sorry".

His father's health was failing from emphysema. He was, and still is, a heavy smoker. It frustrates Matthew beyond belief, but he loves his dad and didn't have the heart to let the company fold. I wish I could have gone to college and done something different instead of being baked to death on the roof of these rich people.

Matthew saw the bright sun reflecting off a large in-ground pool on the estate next door. Two women dressed in tiny bikinis were soaking up the sun and sipping cute drinks through straws. He couldn't help but stare at their tanned, perfect bodies, while his bitterness grew greater. I bet they never worked a single day in their lives. Daddy's girls. Matthew laughed as his buddy John made a soft whistle sound.

"Don't get too attracted to those ladies. They're far out of our league."

"Matt, it never hurts to look. Hell, it makes me forget this sun."

"Yeah, dipping in that pool would be pretty good right about now," replied Matthew as he pounded some more nails.

John Cook and Matthew Sharp had been best friends since they were kids. They grew up in the same apartment building, where each family had seen their share of hard times.

Roofing was a seasonal job, so Matthew didn't see a steady cash flow. He did some snow removal work in the winter, but not every snowfall in Michigan was deep enough to give him regular work. I'm never going to get ahead in life. I've become my father.

"Only a couple more hours up on this roof, then we can go grab a beer. I think the crew is going down to Cars. You up for it, Matt?" John could tell that his friend was falling into one of his slumps.

"A cold brew sounds good," he answered loudly over the banging of the hammers. "I won't be there until I get my dad settled for the night."

Matthew looked back over at the pool in the next yard. The girls had gotten up and were walking toward the water. He couldn't stop staring at the long-haired blonde in the red bikini. There's one hell of a lucky bastard running around.

Matthew hadn't dated in over a year. He swore off women when his relationship with Josie ended. She was sweet, but she couldn't be happy with a man who couldn't give her all the material things she wanted in life. When she stood there and explained the way she honestly felt to Matthew, the guy who'd given her everything he possibly could, he walked away and hasn't spoken to her since.

By the time the workday ended, Matthew was both physically and mentally exhausted. Trying to maintain any kind of balance between work and taking care of his father was one big blur. He didn't have enough money to help his dad get the medical care he needed, and it was breaking Matthew. He'd slowly watched that strong man decompensate, and it ate at him every day.

John ordered another round of beers for the crew and then turned to Matthew. "You need a woman."

"Yeah, like I need another hole in my head."

"Not all women are like Josie."

"I think I'll pass."

"Some woman will come along and sweep you off your feet, and then I can say I told you so."

Matthew chuckled as he stood. "It's a little after one, and I still have to go home and shower. We have to be to work at sunrise." He reached inside the pocket of his dirty jeans and pulled out money. He tossed it on the table in front of John and said he'd see him bright and early.

"Yeah, I'll head out soon. This job will suck. We'll be up there for most of the week, and it's only going to get hotter."

Matthew nodded in agreement and then headed out to the parking lot. His old pickup truck was on its last leg, even the bumper was holding on by a bungee cord or two. At least, on most days that is, it got him back and forth to work. But this evening, it had no intentions of cooperating. Sighing heavily, Matthew got back out of the spewing pickup and lifted the hood. He got the container out of the back and walked to the side of the building to fill it with water. He'd love a new vehicle but the last thing he needed was another bill. For only being twenty-six, he owed more than most. He didn't have student loans, a mortgage, or car payments. It was his father's medical bills that were sinking him.

As he was pouring water into the radiator, a bright red Jeep caught his eye. A very beautiful blonde sat behind the wheel looking up at the sign of the bar. Sweet cheeks, you're on the wrong side of midnight, Matthew laughed to himself. She got out and walked inside the dim, dusty bar. Those guys in there will eat her alive. She should come running out any second now. Matthew couldn't resist. He replaced the radiator cap, closed the hood and walked back towards the bar entrance, and sure enough, the cute blonde came barreling out the door in utter panic and ran right smack into Matthew's arms. She must have met my work crew...

Chloe drove absentmindedly while trying not to start crying again. She didn't care where she ended up. All Chloe knew was there wasn't any way she could bring herself to drive back to that house. There was nothing there for her besides her best friend, and she knew Becky was just a phone call away. Slowly she headed past the rest of the estates and wealthy suburbs. Kids were running and laughing across front yards, and the adults were out there with them. Small children drew chalk pictures on sidewalks, a father was teaching a young child how to ride a bike, birthday and graduation parties...Chloe stepped on the accelerator.

The sun had gone down and she didn't realize how far she'd driven. She snapped out of daze when she crossed a set of very bumpy railroad tracks on a poorly maintained road. Houses became closer together, and windblown garbage clustered around curbs and bushes. The roads seemed to run in circles, bums and prostitutes walked freely. Crap, I'm lost. Her fear didn't last. Chloe smiled at being normal for once. She'd never seen a bum in real life, let alone a prostitute, nor gone far enough to get lost.

The abandoned buildings scattered around felt strangely like they could be siblings to her. Abandoned. All it would take is a crew of workers to fix up that house and make it pretty, and then someone might want it. Chloe frowned at the thought.

She continued on until she spotted an old Chevy parked underneath the lights in a parking lot. The rear bumper was rusted and bent, holding onto its last rubber bungee cord; she was positive this was the same vehicle. The hood was up, but she didn't see anyone working on it. Chloe cautiously pulled into an empty spot and looked up at the sign. "Cars". She wasn't afraid at first. Shutting the door behind her and making sure it was locked, Chloe took a deep breath, ran her hands through her hair and then headed inside the small bar. Oh God, what do I say if he's in here? It took her a minute to adjust to the dim smoky surroundings, and what she saw and heard made her afraid to sit down.

"Hey, sugar! I got a seat right here for ya!" yelled a drunken man while he patted his lap.

She tried to ignore him so she could briefly scan the small bar. Quickly, the cat calls came flying at Chloe. Another drunk tried to wrap his arm around her. Shoving him away, she ran as fast as she could right out the door, only to be stopped by the thick chest of a man. Chloe quickly backed up so she could focus underneath the flickering light of the bar sign.

"You seem to be in a hurry. Is anything wrong?" Matthew asked while trying to keep a straight face.

"I'm so sorry!"

"It's alright. Did you hurt yourself? You plowed right into me, and I'm kind of like a brick wall."

Finally, Chloe saw exactly who he was. The roofer was even taller than she thought. He had to be well over six feet, with dark brown hair, blue eyes, tanned skin, and a perfect five o'clock shadow on his strong jaws. Chloe continued to stare.

"Do I have something on my face?" Matthew was thoroughly entertained.

"What? Oh, I'm fine. Sorry, I was just letting my eyes adjust." Chloe could hear the weakness in her voice.

"You came running out of the bar like you were on fire."

"Well, I...um..."

"My name is Matthew."

"Hi, Matthew." God, now what? Chloe swallowed hard, her palms a sweaty mess.

"Do you have a name?"

"...Yes. I'm Chloe."

Matthew stuck out his hand, which totally engulfed hers. Then he realized something. The rich daddy's girl. "I think I saw you today. You were out by the pool with a friend, while I was roofing the house next door."

"Yeah, that would be me."

Matthew began backing up toward his truck, his voice tone drastically changed. "Aren't you a little out of your way? Rich people don't normally hang out down here. We're beneath them." Matthew chuckled while shaking his head. "I'll be on my way, you have a nice day." He had noticed her cut offs and t-shirt, short but clean nails, and her hair didn't appear to be dyed. She doesn't look like a spoiled rich brat, but who knows. Matthew refused to allow himself to become attracted to someone he could never have. He turned and began to walk off.

"I'm not rich!" Oh God.

"It's pretty sad, I know, when poor folk have to live in mansions and hang out by a pool all day. I hate when that happens to me." He continued across the parking lot.

Without even thinking, Chloe began to ramble. "That was my friend's house. I don't have much money, and as a matter of fact, this is her Jeep. I'm just visiting and don't know my way around. I got lost and stopped here to use the phone."

"Where do you live?" Matthew eyed her suspiciously.

"I'm looking for an apartment around here. It can't be expensive, because I want to start taking some classes. A job too...Yes, I need to find a job." Chloe wanted to smack herself. She'd never worked a day in her life, not even housework. She'd been privately tutored and had always been kept secluded from the outside world. She was never allowed off the estate without endless hassle. Chloe almost vomited over thoughts of her sheltered life. I shouldn't have to lie to blend in.

"What kind of work are you looking for?"

"Anything really." What the hell am I doing?!

"The apartment building I live at is looking for a housekeeper. Probably minimum wage, but I'm pretty sure you get to live there for free or dirt cheap."

"Okay, I'll have to check it out tomorrow." There's no way I'm doing that. "Thank you."

As Matthew turned, a pang of compassion conflicted with his urge to maintain a safe distance. There she was; lost, nervous...in need. After a few steps he stopped and turned back around to face the beautiful young woman. His instinct to fix the problem would win this time. "I'm on my way home. Why don't you follow me, and I can take you to the manager. She usually stays up late, but I'll call on the way to make sure."

"Okay, that sounds great!" Kill me now...

Chloe sat in her Jeep and waited while Matthew got his truck started. She drove close behind the old rusted pickup. The further they drove the worse the area was looking. She didn't dare stray in this part of town. I'm out of my mind. Feeling both frightened and exhilarated, Chloe picked up her cell phone and dialed her best friend. She tried to keep the phone hidden underneath her hair.

"So, like your ex has called me twice looking for you. Did you even call Edmund?"

"Yes, I called him. I tried to explain and was even direct about ending things, but he wouldn't listen to what I was saying. I'm totally done with him. But there's something interesting that's happened, and if I don't come home, I've been killed in Detroit."

"You're in Detroit?!?!" Becky gasped loudly.

"Yeah, I was driving around, got lost, and then ran into that roofer's pickup truck at some dive bar. His name is Matthew, and he's-"

"Are you crazy?!"

"Well, I lied to him." Chloe cringed.

"Okay, spill it."

"Becky, I told him that was your house, and I was an out-of-town guest for a few days. I also said I was looking for an apartment and....a job."

"Chloe, what were you thinking? What kind of job do you think you're going to get? You never worked a day in your life."

"I'm going to be a cleaning lady."

"Oh. My. God."

"Becky, please! I've never done anything a little risky or fun in my life. I'm tired of just existing! All I am is guaranteed employment for some of the staff."

"You're in Detroit..."

Okay, we're here. I have to go. I'll call you as soon as I can. Becky, please cover for me, and don't say anything to anyone. Tell the staff I have a bad headache and fell asleep at your house."

"I won't rat you out. I don't agree with what you're doing, but damn, I kind of envy you. I love you, and please stay safe."

I hope he's not a serial killer. Chloe took a deep breath as Matthew walked over and opened her door for her.

"Well, this is it. Nothing fancy, but it keeps us warm."

Us? What the hell does 'us' mean? If he's married I'm going to lie in the road.

"You're married?"

"No way. I live with my father and help take care of him."

"That's so sweet, Matthew." You're a great guy just for that!

Matthew smiled but didn't comment on the compliment. "Let's hop inside and see Sherry."

The apartments were red brick, definitely in need of some upkeep. At least the place didn't have bums and prostitutes walking around it. Chloe followed Matthew to the entrance, where he stopped and held the door open for her. She stepped into the hallway, and ten thousand different cooking smells, mixed with smoke, smacked her in the face. What the heck is that smell? The carpet was semi-clean in the hall, but stained. Chloe walked behind him to an apartment. The living room had been converted into an office, and sitting behind the counter was a slender, fragile looking woman in her sixties with dyed black hair. She was stubbing out a cigarette into an overflowing ashtray.

"Matthew! It's wonderful to see you, sweetheart. How's your dad?" Sherry stood up and turned off the television.

"He has his ups and downs. I stopped in to see if you were still looking for a housekeeper."

"Yep, I sure am. Do you know someone?"

"This is Chloe. She's interested in the job, and she's also looking for an apartment to rent."

"Well, you can come right over here, dear. I'll need you to fill out an application, and then we can chat a little bit." Sherry smiled widely, displaying smudges of lipstick on her teeth.

Chloe walked over to the dingy chair and tried to sit only on the edge of it. The stains on the fabric were from God knows what.

"Thank you so much, Matthew." Sherry got up and gave him a hug.

He hugged the delicate woman back and then turned to Chloe before walking out the door. "Do you think you can find your way back out of here? If not, follow me and I'll take you to your neighborhood. This area isn't safe for you, especially at night."

"No, it's okay. Thank you so much for everything, and it was a pleasure to meet you." So, I'm getting an actual job, and he's just going to leave? How do I get out of this one?

"Likewise," he replied, as he winked at Chloe and then went out the door.

Matthew was right; Sherry was such a sweet lady. Chloe really liked her. Her voice was warm, grandmotherly, and her eyes were so gentle. She ended up staying and talking with the older woman for over two hours. Time just seemed to fly by. She got the job and was given a one bedroom apartment to live in. It hadn't been rented in a long time, and Sherry seemed happy to have someone she perceived as decent living there.

"I'll have to go back to my friend's place and get my things together. Do you need me right away, or is a week okay?"

"Sure, sweetie. Whenever you're ready to start, just let me know. I can be as flexible as I'd like to be. I own the building."

"Thank you so much, Sherry."

True to her nature, she squeezed Chloe's hands. "Any friend of Matthew's is a friend of mine."

I could probably count on both hands the number of times I had physical contact from my mother.

After a few wrong turns and breaking the speed limit, Chloe found her way out of the bad neighborhood. When she drove through the gates at the estate, her heart sank. It was four in the morning when she arrived. The guards detained her for fifteen minutes, grilling her about where she'd been. Chloe told them she fell asleep in the Jeep. They weren't happy but let her go. She was relieved they hadn't yelled about looking for her. But seeing Becky's car in the driveway gave her the biggest relief.

"Chloe! My God I was so worried about you!" Becky threw her arms around her friend.

"I like him, Beck. He seems really nice and humble. Matthew even takes care of his dad. I don't know much about him yet, but one thing's for sure. I want to see him again."

"I love you, Chloe. But you're out of your mind."

"Maybe I am. But I'm going to get a new life. This may be tricky, but I'm definitely going to do it. I'm not asking you to come to Detroit with me, just help me to the finish line, okay?"

"If the finish line was under the ocean, I'd find a way to help you cross it...even if you are crazy."

Chapter 3

Chloe awoke to the steady sound of hammering. Springing out of bed, she ran down the hall to the large staircase and headed out the patio doors to the pool. Shielding her eyes from the sun, she quickly scanned her neighbor's guesthouse for any signs of Matthew. Even though Chloe couldn't see him, she knew he was up there. Her stomach had butterflies, her pulse quickened. Suddenly aware she was standing outside with her hair a mess and worn pj's, she slipped inside the pool house and put on her baby blue bikini and smoothed down her hair. When she was almost out the door, a thought occurred to her. Why am I worried about how I look? I don't want another Edmund. Throwing her pj's back on, Chloe ran back to her room and changed into a pair of old shorts and a plain t-shirt instead. Walking quickly back through the kitchen, a familiar voice made her jump.

"You didn't even get your coffee, but I knew you'd need some. Here you go."

"Thank you, Lois." Chloe took the steaming cup and the two women stepped outside to the pool.

Lois Shepherd was the cook for the Burlington's. She was about the same age as Chloe's mother, though that was their only similarity. Lois was loving and kind, and had raised Chloe from infancy. She was the woman who put bandages on the little girl's knees and made sure she was kept warm and fed. There were nannies that stepped in after her shift ended, but they never bonded with the young heiress. Lois never married or had children of her own, but she always wanted a family. Even though her child bearing years were way behind her, it seemed natural for her to step in for the absent parents.

Lois hated the way Sylvia and Earl ignored their only child. She knew there'd be problems from the get go when the young mother barely held baby Chloe. It wasn't because Sylvia was mean or resentful. She was fearful, uncertain, and lacked knowledge. Lois always knew that Sylvia wasn't raised with doting parents either. When conversations about mothering arose, Mrs. Burlington would inevitably fake an illness or walk off.

Watching Chloe grow up to become a fine, loving young woman made Lois smile. She was happy that, despite Sylvia's absence, Chloe still rose above. Every time Sylvia or Earl called the house, Lois always asked if they wanted to talk to their daughter. By the time Chloe came running to the phone full of excitement, the call was disconnected. It got difficult coming up with excuses as to why the call ended or why her parents stayed away. Eventually, Lois just held her while she cried. It was easier when she was a young child. Children believed whatever they were told. But when Chloe became a teenager, there was no hope in any cover-ups to protect the young girl's heart. She bit her tongue through the years, no matter how hard it was to do. She knew how powerful the Burlington's were, and they wouldn't hesitate to fire her. If that happened, who could she trust to take care of Chloe? Hiding her anger was a difficult task to say the least.

Chloe knew that Lois had spotted her running through the house and only came outside to see what all the excitement was. She looked up and saw Matthew standing on the rooftop waving at her.

"Oh my..."

"Lois!" Chloe laughed as her cheeks reddened. "Well, actually I don't blame you for staring. He's pretty cute, isn't he?"

"I think I would've run like the wind too if that's what I was off to look at." Lois playfully elbowed her, chuckled, and turned to go back inside.

Chloe stood there staring at the neighbor's guesthouse roof, wishing she could just go up there and talk to him. Matthew was definitely easy on the eyes, and she loved the sound of his soothing, deep voice. But there was something else about him. Something...

Matthew wished the job was finished so he could just go down and talk to her. Hell, dressed like this, I'd be lucky if the guards even opened the gates. He woke up this morning looking forward to getting on the hot roof, which was totally not like him. His curiosity was growing. Curiosity. Yep, that's all it is...

"Who are you waving to?" John asked as he walked over and stood beside Matthew.

"Just a friend I met."

"Holy..." John began staring down at the cute blonde.

"Dude, do you mind? She can tell you're staring at her. Don't act like a dog." Matthew laughed but really didn't want Chloe being gawked at.

"Matt, why is this lady just a friend? What's wrong with you, man?"

"Let it rest." Matthew got up to go get more shingles, and John was right behind him.

"Okay, if she's just a friend, I think I'll go next door and say hello during lunch. You wouldn't mind that, would you?"

"And I think I'll knock you off the roof if you go near her." Matthew grinned evilly but knew his best friend would never step on his toes. "Even up close, she has a beautiful face, bright green eyes, and isn't any bigger than a doll. Hell, I'd probably snap her in half on accident. Besides, I'm not looking for a woman. Get over yourself."

"Okay, whatever you say. But we're going to be doing this roof forever if you don't pitch in. Just because you're the boss doesn't mean you get to be a slack ass." John knew Matthew worked harder than anyone.

When Matthew disappeared to the other side of the roof, Chloe felt no need to sit in the heat alone. She dumped what was left of her coffee in the sink and then reached in the fridge for some juice. She'd just get showered and changed, and find something to do inside. Suddenly, Becky came strolling out of the guest room rubbing her eyes. Even though she just woke up, a stranger couldn't even guess that she was fresh out of dreamland. Her short dark hair was super cute and looked styled even when it was messed up. Becky was beautiful and always carried herself gracefully. She loved acting the part of being a wealthy, young socialite, but her personality was very down to earth. Life was like a big acting class for her, and Chloe was often her audience. Becky could imitate her mother to the tee.

"What are you going to do today, now that you've gotten yourself in this big, delicious mess?"

"You envy me, I can tell." Chloe laughed. "I have to enroll in some classes at the community college and buy some new clothes. Oh, and I need an old car."

"Are you serious? You're actually going to go through with this? He's going to be pretty pissed off if he discovers you're lying."

"Well, we're not going to let him find out. When he gets to know me, none of it will matter to him. A guy like Edmund judges someone based on their wealth, looks, and prestige. Money doesn't have to define who you are. I know there are rich people who cast the same judgment on those who have very little, so don't bother saying it. My parents are a perfect example." God, I hope it won't matter to him.

"This is true. When do you think you'll see him again? I'm not letting you drive back out to Detroit like that. Why don't you invite him over after work to go swimming?"

Chloe laughed loudly. "Could you just see the staff speed dialing my parents?"

"It'll be easy. Just tell them he's a friend of mine. They leave at five anyway, and the roofers will be working passed that. Security won't bother you while Lois is gone. They're lazy."

"Becky, you fine friend of mine. That's perfect! I want you to stay and meet him."

Becky called her mom and let her know she'd be hanging out with Chloe to avoid untimely phone calls looking for her, and then the girls got the details and plans together. Chloe couldn't help but feel saddened. She should be bringing a guy over to meet her mother. She should be picking out classes with her mother. She should be able to talk to her mother! Her father had been nothing more than a ghost all her life. One of the biggest blows was when her mother had asked her to call her by her first name when people were around. She's my mom for God's sake! Chloe knew her parents were in Africa, nothing more specific than that though. Lois didn't even know how to contact them other than through the office, and was told to only do so for emergencies.

Becky saw her friend's mood change, and was afraid she was thinking about her parents. The last thing she was going to do was watch her fall apart again. "Let's go shopping! We have time, so get ready."

Chloe looked up and smiled gratefully. "What would I do without you?"

"Like I'm ever going to let you find that out."

The girls decided to take Chloe's Jeep, because driving up to a used car lot would be painful in Becky's Jaguar. Becky threw her keys in her Prada bag and climbed in the passenger seat. Before looking in the mirror to apply some lipstick, she glanced at her friend's face to make sure the sadness was gone. It was.

Chloe told the guards she was going to Becky's. As she drove off the estate, she looked down the street at Matthew's truck. "The car has to be a beater."

"What about your Jeep? You're not trading it in are you? What's a beater?"

"Becky, I love you, but you should let me do the talking on this project."

Pulling up to the dealership, a man dressed in a cheap blue suit and tie approached them.

"Hello, ladies. My name's Bob. Can I help you find your special car today?" he said while he let his eyes roam up and down the young women.

"That would be great, Bob." Chloe shook her head at Becky.

"What's your price range?"

Millions.

"I'm not really sure."

"What kind of money do you make? I can see what kind of financing you can get."

I don't make money. It just shows up.

"I might be able to just pay cash for it. I've been saving for a long time."

"Do you want a car or truck?"

"I think I should get an older car."

"Do you want something sporty?"

God, I feel like I'm joining the military.

"Bob, how about you just take me over to the cars and let me have a look."

Bob talked nonstop, and Becky was on the verge of telling him to shut up. Chloe could tell by her snarl. Finally, after what seemed like a five mile walk, they arrived at the back of the lot where the older cars were parked.

"How about that one over there?" Chloe pointed. Becky gasped. It was a small, very used and rusted brown car. One of the tires was flat.

"That one doesn't run right now. We just got it in. How about something like this?" Bob led the girls to a used Taurus. Chloe and Becky peered inside. It was dirty and had cigarette burns on the seats.

"You've got to be kidding me..." Becky blurted.

"Can you give us a few minutes to look around? If we see something we like, we'll come and get you." Bob stared the girls up and down a little bit more before asking them their first names. Finally, he left them in peace.

Becky grabbed hold of Chloe's arm when her friend wandered towards a car that had holes on the doors and a mirror hanging off. "There are some rules, Chloe. Have some dignity!"

"I can't find a car in here. There're a hundred of them at least. I want a beater, not something that'll give me a disease when I drive it."

"Let's go get a paper and look up some vehicles. I don't like Bob. I want to kill Bob."

"Get in the Jeep."

Sitting in a small coffee shop, Chloe circled a car in the paper with a pen. "This one looks like a strong possibility. It's pretty old but not in horrible shape. Ready to head over there?"

"What if the guy's a whack job? No one will know where we are. We have to have a plan, Chloe."

"A plan. Okay, here it is. If they come at us, I'll throw a wad of cash on the ground. That'll stop them." Laughing, the girls drove off.

Becky couldn't believe the change in her friend. Her spirits were brighter, she was determined, and her laughter was real. She couldn't figure out if Chloe was doing this to get closer to Matthew, or doing it for herself. But at this point, it really didn't matter. She wasn't going to let anyone ruin this for her.

The girls parked in front of the small, beige sided house, and stared at the front of it. On the porch were geraniums in planters, a Big Wheel, and a collection of assorted toys.

"This is the car, the one with the sign in the window. It looks great on the outside."

"This isn't so bad, Chloe. I mean, I wouldn't be caught dead in it, but it's the best beater I've seen. Do you think it has enough rust? I don't see any dents either. Maybe it's too good." Becky looked concerned.

"No, look down here. There's a little rust on both sides. It's ugly, but look how clean it is inside."

"Okay let's go knock on the door. After we knock we step off the porch just in case."

A woman answered. She was older and had a couple of young children next to her. She said the car belonged to her daughter, who passed away from an illness and left the two young children.

"It's expensive raising the kids. I'm asking for two thousand, but I'll go down to eighteen hundred for the car. I really need the money. It still runs pretty good."

"I'll take it!"

Chloe smiled to herself as she drove the old blue Impala to a side street by her house. She couldn't get caught inside this car by anyone who knew her, or she'd get ratted out in a heartbeat. She couldn't risk it.

"That was nice, Chloe. You really did a great thing." Becky hugged her.

"She needed the money."

"Well, I think paying ten grand for this beater was amazing."

"What'll be amazing is finding a place to hide it. I can't use this car until I'm actually at that apartment."

"Keep it here for now and pray no one has it towed in this neighborhood. And you're absolutely right."

"Right about what?"

"That sexy man standing next to the truck while he changes his shirt..." Becky laughed as they climbed out of the car.

Chloe spun around on her heels. "Oh my God, he can't catch us over here with this car. Start jogging. Hurry!"

Becky knew better than to question Chloe when she was full of panic. She began jogging next to her friend in Matthew's direction.

"If he talks to me, Chloe, I might pass out. What a beautiful specimen..."

"I know right. He's not only the best eye candy I've ever dreamed of, he's a sweetheart to go along with it. We're getting close, so try to act like you're out of breath some."

"Chloe, it's nice to see you again!" Matthew walked towards them and the girls stopped in fake surprise. He glanced down at their feet. Sandals and heels to jog in?

"It's great seeing you again, Matthew." Chloe introduced him to Becky, while acting out of breath.

After a half hour of small talk, Matthew found himself staring at Chloe. He was intrigued by everything about her, but the fear of his wall coming down was making him want to leave. "I should get home and hop in the shower. It was nice to meet you, Becky."

"Wait. Matthew, would you like to come over for a swim? The water should be nice and cool. I'll even whip up some dinner."

I am starving, and jumping in that pool would be great. No harm in a couple of hours with new friends. "Wow that would be fun. Let me call my buddy John and ask him to peek in on my father."

The girls waited for Matthew to get back out of his truck. Becky took off ahead to speak to the guards so there wouldn't be any issues. Chloe breathed a sigh of relief when she reached the poolside without being questioned. The last thing she needed was to be called 'Miss Burlington' in front of Matthew.

"I don't know why I didn't think of this, but I don't have any swim trunks."

"My dad has lots of them. I'm sure there're some in the pool house that'll fit you. Let me go find a pair." Becky smiled like a good hostess.

Chloe was so glad her friend was playing her part. She owed her one. "Will that roof take much longer to finish?"

"It's going faster than we thought, so it shouldn't take but another day or two."

Becky came out with a pair of Chloe's father's swim trunks. Matthew gladly accepted them and went into the bathroom to change.

"Beck, you mean the world to me. But if you find yourself wanting to wander off and let me have alone time with him, my heart won't be broken..."Chloe winked.

"Best friends don't let best friends deny themselves of that! If he seems like a good and safe guy, I'll be on my way, darling."

She heated up the food that Lois had prepared and left in the fridge. Matthew and Chloe were seated at one of the tables outside by the pool. Becky walked through the patio doors wheeling a cart that carried loads of food: pasta, salad, rolls, pie, and an expensive bottle of wine.

"Becky, you only have two plates," said Chloe.

"It's getting late, and I have to get ho-"

Chloe looked at Becky with a shocked expression. She cut her off so she wouldn't say 'home'.

"Hoagie is Becky's grandmother's dog. She's been house sitting and taking care of the little pooch. She doesn't like to be alone at night, so Becky has been staying there to keep her company." The look of relief was evident on both girls' faces.

"That's cool you're doing that, Becky. I love dogs," replied Matthew, not catching the slip.

Becky leaned over and kissed Chloe on the cheek and then whispered "Hoagie?" in her ear, while she tried not to bust out laughing. She said goodbye to Matthew before turning and walking to her car.

"The neighbors said this house belongs to the Burlington's. Is that Becky's last name?"

"Yes, it is. Becky Burlington." Chloe almost lost it. Great name for a doll...

"My last name is Sharp. What's yours? I think it's funny how we're going to be neighbors in a few days, and I don't even know your last name."

Chloe was struggling to keep cool. How the hell did I forget that?! She kept chewing her food, giving herself time to think. Last name, last name...Nothing was coming to her mind. Glancing down at the table, her eyes landed on the silverware.

"Silver. Chloe Silver."

"Nice name."

Nice silverware.

Chloe had never shared an intimate meal with a guy before. Dinner with Edmund took place at his or her parent's homes, or in restaurants. She never thought of herself as shy before, but that's exactly how she was acting. As long as Matthew didn't look directly at her when she spoke, she stayed less tongue tied. Regardless of her struggles to stay actively engaged in conversation, Chloe was enjoying Matthew's wit, charm, and kindness. He was so down to earth. He didn't brag, he wasn't eyeing her up and down. He was just a really good guy.

"What kind of classes are you taking? I've always wanted to go into business, but tuition is too expensive. Are your folks going to help you out?"

"I think I've saved up enough money to pay for a couple of semesters of general courses." Chloe was careful to avoid talking about her parents, other than to say they're out of town. She never in her life had such a pleasant conversation with a man. In her eyes, any person who would willingly put aside their dreams and goals to take care of their sick father who'd spent their life loving, sacrificing, and raising them, was amazing.

They hadn't realized how late it had gotten, until the pool lights came on. Both looked at each other and laughed. Then an awkward silence fell between them. The last thing Matthew and Chloe wanted was the evening to end.

"Miss Silver, would you like to go for a swim with me?"

"Sure," she said nervously. "Let me slip on my suit real quick. I'll be right back." Chloe only had bikinis in the pool house, but wished she had something less revealing. She couldn't go back in the main house to get a one piece suit in case Matthew followed her. That's all she needed was to be caught with a guy alone in the house and run into someone on patrol. Hopefully Becky was right about them being lazy at night. She had no idea what the third shift did, nor did she care. Most of the time, Chloe was in her room unless her friend was over. Now, she definitely cared.

Her hands were shaking as she tried to tie the back of her top and the sides to her bikini bottom. She wasn't fearful of Matthew but was unaware of what his expectations would be. One thing was for sure, her bottoms would be staying on. Maybe he doesn't like me like that. Friends would be okay...

Chloe heard Matthew dive into the pool as she was walking back outside. His head surfaced quickly, and he shook the water off his face. When she began to walk, she watched him stand up in the shallow end. Chloe tried not to let her mouth fall open. He was so beautiful to look at, and chances were, he didn't even know it. Her nerves were getting the best of her. One foot in front of the other...

Matthew couldn't help but stare. Her white bathing suit and long blonde hair made her look almost angelic under the lights. For so long, he'd blocked thoughts like these from his head. He vowed to never again be vulnerable enough to experience the pain he'd gone through with the last woman. It almost crippled him. Josie forced him to see what he really was. Nothing. I should just say goodnight. He couldn't seem to move an inch though.

Chloe could feel the butterflies in her stomach growing as she reached the edge of the pool. She tested the water with her toes. If going through life was as easy as this. She made a perfect dive in the cool water.

Matthew watched her tiny body stretch and glide. When she rose to the surface, she had a big smile on her face. For the first time since she was a child, she was excited about something. Chloe ended up standing about three feet in front of him.

He felt himself getting uncomfortable...nervous. Since when do I get nervous around a female?! But it was happening, and Matthew had to stop it quickly. "Becky's pool is pretty huge. It's way bigger than a regular one." Then he let his eyes look around. Maybe she wants these things too. I'll never be able to give her stuff like this, let alone a normal house. Hell, I'd have to save up just to pay for dinner and a dozen roses. Matthew made up his mind to stay within the friendship boundaries and not start anything. What if I'm overreacting and she isn't like that?

"Are you getting used to living in this mansion?" Matthew nervously laughed.

"I've been here lots of times. Money doesn't impress me and neither do material things."

"Do you have a boyfriend? You're so beautiful and kind, it's hard to imagine you being single."

"I was in a relationship for a bit, but I was just a trophy to him...someone to show off to his friends. I had to dress to the nines where ever we went, plaster makeup on, have my hair and nails always perfect. He even tried to tell me what to wear. He loved it when I turned the heads of other men. I'm not like that. The only guy I want to impress is the one I'm with. He bought me things all the time, and I'd always give them back. I didn't want things. I wanted kindness, compassion, laughter...I wanted someone who felt my heart was good enough."

Matthew watched her eyes begin to water. Without even hesitating, he pulled her into his arms. Chloe stiffened, but relaxed when she realized he just wanted to hold her. She'd never been held like this, and all she wanted to do was live right where she was, and the last thing she wanted to do was cry. She stepped back a bit and smiled up at him.

"I'm okay. He's gone, and I'm very happy about that. What about you? Do you have a girlfriend?"

"Not anymore. I was with someone for four years, then one day she tells me we can't be together anymore because I'll never be able to buy her a house, car...the list went on. She walked out, and I haven't spoken to her since."

"Wow, she should have hooked up with my ex. They could be shallow together." They shared some laughter, but Chloe could tell he'd been hurt pretty badly. "She didn't deserve you, Matthew." His sadness she saw in his eyes wasn't leaving. Without thinking, Chloe walked closer to him and gently kissed his lips.

"Chloe..."

"God, Matthew. I'm so sorry!" She was glad it was dark out, and he couldn't see how red her cheeks glowed. "I can't believe I just did that. I'm such an idiot for ruining a really nice evening." Chloe swam over to the side of the pool and hoisted herself up.

He stood there staring at her and saying nothing.

"Thank you for coming over, Matthew. I had a nice time talking with you until I blew it. I can walk you to the gates if you'd like."

"I should probably get home. I have to be up early." Matthew was still stunned. He knew if he stayed he wouldn't be able to control himself. That kiss was stirring him up inside.

Chloe nodded and then walked toward the pool house to change. Her sadness was overwhelming him. He knew once she got inside she'd cry. Without any further hesitation, Matthew jumped out of the pool and ran to her. He took her hand and pulled her to face him, but Chloe kept her head down. Placing his hands on her face, he slowly brought her up to look at him. He bent down and kissed her. He kissed her softly and slowly with his whole mouth. When he heard her sigh in relief, he let go of her face and wrapped her body up in his arms. He lifted her up and carried her back in the pool, walking down the small steps without his eyes leaving hers. Matthew guided her against the side of the pool and gently pressed his body and mouth against hers.

Chloe pulled her face away from his and looked into his eyes. She felt him reach behind her neck and slowly pull the ties. The top fell away and exposed her breasts to this man she didn't even know. She watched as his fingers gently fondled them, fitting perfectly in his hands. His callouses were rough, but a passion was sailing through her. She knew then, that there was hope for her.

He looked back up and stared in her eyes. What he saw changed him. She wasn't greedy, mean, demanding...all she wanted was someone to love her. Was it possible? Matthew let his hands slide down her back, and slowly, one side at a time, undid the ties at her hips. He let his hands rest on her soft bottom and then gently lifted her.

Chloe kept her eyes on his. When she felt her bathing suit float away, she had no fear, no reservations, no second guesses. She wrapped her legs around his waist. He watched her face carefully for any sign that she wanted to stop, and all she could do was smile a little.

Matthew lifted her up on the edge of the pool and kissed her smooth legs. He rubbed and slowly kneaded her thighs. "Lay back for me," he whispered.

Chloe leaned back and let her eyes focus on the stars, as this strong man gently moved her legs around his shoulders and slowly licked her center. He found her small peak and moaned when he felt her body move and her back bow some. As sensitive as she was, he knew she'd never been touched there. Again and again, Chloe's hips rose with passion. She quietly called out in the soft breeze, sounds of freedom, desire, and Matthew's name, like he'd never heard it spoken before.

Matthew lifted her back in the water and kissed her mouth with such hunger. He delivered his moans just for her to catch. Catch me. He felt her legs wrap back around his waist, and he gently slid inside of her. He heard Chloe slightly gasp, but she took all of him in. He froze in that moment and just stared at her face. I never want to forget this. She ran her hands through the back of his hair and pulled his mouth to her. He began to slowly move inside of her warmth, as the water helped to rock this beautiful woman. Matthew pulled his mouth back when he felt her beginning to tense. He watched her as he let his heat splash inside her. He filled the darkness with her name, filled them both full of hope.

"Chloe..." Matthew whispered before taking her mouth back to his.

They held each other in silence, each feeling their own wounds heal. They stayed embraced like lifelines. Chloe lifted her head off his shoulder and looked at his face. She could tell how tired he was. She held his hand and walked him to a hammock, and then grabbed a blanket from the pool house. They spooned, while Matthew held her with such tenderness. They didn't even say goodnight. It still was.

When Matthew was sure Chloe was sound asleep, he quietly got up and put his clothes on and walked down the driveway. The security guard waved to him while he opened the gates. Matthew reached his truck, and luckily it started the first time without even a back fire. Looking up at the neighbor's roof, he knew he'd be a zombie at work. Matthew rolled his window down, while he smiled at what the new day might bring. Something inside of him had come back to life, and all the despair went right out the window...along with the sour memories of Josie.

Lois arrived at seven to make breakfast and was quick to notice the men's swim trunks lying by the pool. "Since when does Edmund swim?"

Chloe opened her eyes when she heard the patio doors open. "Well, Edmund is...Edmund," was all that she could say. She hated not being upfront with Lois but for now, she wanted to enjoy these feelings without them being tainted. Wrapping the blanket around her naked body, Chloe could feel Lois staring at her as she walked away. The hammering was strong, and she had to hurry and go to another room. Her smile would have given her away immediately. All she wanted to do was live in her memories. Slowly she made her way to her room and crawled into bed, wishing Matthew was still wrapped around her.

Chapter 4

Becky arrived in the morning at nine, giving her friend evil grins while she watched her brush her hair. She could tell there was something different about Chloe but was determined to avoid drawing conclusions.

"Let's walk down to the beater car, Beck." Hopefully no one had it towed.

"Where are we going?"

"Shopping. Lots of shopping."

"Oh, I love to shop!"

Chloe called Sherry to make sure the apartment was available to move in today. She was excited to have her and said the apartment had been cleaned, repainted, and had new carpet installed. Chloe couldn't thank her enough.

She put on her sneakers and talked rapidly to Becky. "We'll have to go to the thrift shop, because they'll have everything I need for the apartment."

"A. Thrift. Shop."

"Come on, Beck. It'll be fun. We'll have to call a company and get movers or something. I don't know how this works, but it has to get done today."

"Wait a minute. Did you sleep with him?"

"Let's just say, the pool will never be the same..."

Chloe was halfway down the stairs when the Coach label on her purse caught her eye. Running back upstairs, she dug around until she found a passable bag and then headed through the gates with Becky. When she informed the guards they were going for a run, the men were quick to notice Becky's heels but didn't say a word. Who knew what young women did these days?

Chloe and Becky were relieved to see the car still sitting where they'd left it. They had to drive past the guesthouse next door, but luckily the work crew was on the opposite side of the roof. It was necessary that Matthew didn't see them in the new car. He was still unaware Chloe had purchased it.

"What are you going to tell Lois when she realizes you no longer live at the house?"

"I'm going to be staying at your place for a few months. We've done it in the past, but for shorter durations. Besides, Lois would never rat me out."

"I hope your parents don't end up calling me for information."

"When was the last time my parents spoke with you in person or otherwise?"

"Your engagement party, and before that....uh..."

"Right. That's my point."

Pulling up at the thrift shop, Chloe busted out laughing at Becky's emotional meltdown.

"Becky..."

"What?! Seriously, this is unsafe." Becky began removing her jewelry and stuffing her purse under the seat.

"Are you afraid you're going to get mugged or something?"

"I just think I'll look ridiculous going inside that store wearing thousands of dollars' worth of jewelry. Lock the doors!" Becky walked around to all four doors making sure they were locked.

Chloe was rolling in laughter. "You look petrified. The best thing to do to avoid being attacked is act confident. Besides, no one knows that your jewelry is real. You seriously need to relax."

"I'll relax when we're out of here." Becky grabbed Chloe's hand and made a run for the store.

Chloe was like a child in a candy store. The thrift shop sold just about everything she'd need, but they'd definitely have to hire movers. She got lucky after calling the fourth moving company and found out they weren't booked for the afternoon. She hired them to come to the store and haul items directly out to the truck. After much convincing to the manager that she could pay for everything, Chloe pulled the crumpled list of things she'd need from her pocket, and off she went through the aisles. Becky stayed very close behind, frequently looking at the large front window to check on the car.

It only took a couple hours for Chloe to pick out the items she wanted. The last item she picked out was a bed.

"You're not actually going to sleep on that, are you?"

"No, Becky. Even I have limits! I'm using the frame, but I'll buy a new mattress." She didn't know what was more fun, this move, or watching her friend.

They drove to a local department store and purchased some off-brand items she'd need. When they pulled away, the car was stuffed full of pots, pans, dinnerware, towels, washcloths, and other odds and ends. With a wide smile, Chloe drove to her new home. Becky was a wreck as soon as they left the suburbs.

"Drive faster, Chloe, I mean it!"

"Relax. You're going to hyperventilate."

Chloe did pick up her speed a little after crossing the tracks. It wasn't out of fear, it was from pure adrenaline, pure excitement.

With some financial incentive, the movers followed the girls to other stores and loaded items up. They worked hard and efficiently once they arrived at the apartment. Becky bought her a small table and chairs for her balcony, which overlooked a vacant lot. With sweaty brows, the girls sat on the slightly worn sofa and fanned their faces.

"Becky, I'm starving." When she opened the refrigerator door, she began cracking up. "We forgot to buy food!"

They drove to a decent sized grocery store about three miles away and stocked up on everything she thought a kitchen needed. After putting the items away, Chloe looked around and saw the place as a real home.

"It feels really weird not living in a museum."

"Hey stop bragging! I still live in one but I love it. I couldn't imagine myself living without all the perks of wealth. But I'm happy for you, Chloe. I'm really, really happy." She hugged her friend closely.

"I couldn't have done this without you. But we need to fly back to the house so Matthew doesn't find the need to pop over to the museum without me there."

Matthew was walking to his truck to change his shirt when John approached him.

"Are you doing okay, Matt?"

"Sure am. Why?"

"You haven't said two words today, and you've been way happier than I've ever seen you."

"My lips are sealed." Matthew smiled.

"It's a girl, isn't it?! Oh my God. You hooked up with that blonde next door..."

"Her name is Chloe. I don't want to say anything I'll regret, but she's different, ya know? I didn't want to leave her last night, and I can't wait to see her today."

"I take it that stopping by Cars on the way home is out of the question," laughed John.

"I've never been so excited to fly home and jump in the shower in all my life."

"I'm so happy for you, man. If anyone deserves it, it's you."

Chloe and Becky spotted Matthew by the truck when they drove around the bend. Chloe pulled up beside his pickup so she could stay pretty much hidden from nosey neighbors and the house staff. She couldn't be caught dead in this car.

"Hey, good lookin'!" Matthew bent down and kissed Chloe on the cheek and said hello to Becky.

"I have a surprise for you, Matthew. I'm all moved in, so you can stop by my apartment this evening if you're not busy." Chloe could feel the butterflies returning.

"I would break any plans I had just to come and see you."

Becky couldn't stop smiling at the entire encounter. She has never seen her best friend this happy.

After some small talk, she drove around the bend to drop Becky off out of the sight of the guards, and with pure excitement, Chloe drove to her new home.

She took a long, hot shower and then sat on the balcony. She knew she should eat something, but her stomach was in knots. This was a fairytale she didn't want to end. Chloe just wished she didn't have to lie in order to be happy. Hopefully Matthew would forgive her and be understanding. For her, it was worth the risk. Having Matthew in her life for only a short time was better than never having known him at all.

She walked back inside and looked around. The apartment was only a third the size of her bedroom at the mansion. She was startled out of her deep thoughts by a soft knock at the door. Peering through the peephole, she saw his beautiful face and let him in.

"C'mere." Matthew said, as he wrapped her up in his strong arms and carried her to the kitchen. He sat her on the counter and kissed her like he hadn't seen her in months. "I don't think I've ever missed anyone as much as you in my entire life."

"Matthew," Chloe whispered as her body began to melt. "I've thought about you all day."

Matthew looked at her with an unguarded heart.

Chloe stared back with overwhelming guilt over her deception. I can't believe I lied to him like this...

Chloe was ecstatic to find out Matthew lived only four doors down from her. He came over every evening after showering and fixing dinner for his father. He wished he could stay with her all the time, but scaring her off wasn't an option for him and neither was leaving his father to fend for himself. There was no way he could afford a live-in to care for him. They sat at Chloe's small table and shared takeout, or snuggled on the couch and talked. They were learning so much about one another. With everything Matthew shared, the last thing she ever wanted to do was hurt him. They hadn't made love since the night at the pool. Matthew wanted Chloe to know that he wasn't with her just for sex. He struggled frequently to keep his urges under control, but he was determined to make her know he wanted more.

One evening after Matthew came home from work, he bent to kiss her like he always did, but then his words stuck in his throat.

"Are you okay, Matthew? It seems like something's bothering you." Chloe felt ill. Did he know? Was he disinterested? Regardless, she braced herself for the worst. "Just say it no matter what it is."

"Chloe Silver, I love you."

She returned the words she felt so much and then quickly buried her face in his chest so he wouldn't see her embarrassment and guilt.

Chloe Silver....

She knew it was expected in the course of a serious relationship to meet each other's family. She still maintained that her parents were out of town, but Matthew wanted her to come over and meet his father. She was a total wreck. She knew if his father was as sweet as Matthew, she'd get along with him just fine. But for Chloe, it was just one more person to lie to. Before leaving, she looked up at Matthew and knew she'd have to tell him the truth. When she got ready to open her mouth, he whisked her out the door.

Walking inside of Matthew's apartment, Chloe saw a man who looked ten years older than what he really was. Smoke filled the room. The white ceiling and walls were stained with nicotine, and she watched as the man put his cigarette down in the ashtray and then try to stand to greet her from his wheelchair.

"No, you don't have to get up," said Chloe as she forced a smile. She felt so sorry for him, for Matthew, for the way they both lived. She could tell right away that they could afford very little, due to the pile of bills that was visible on the kitchen table. The audible sound of oxygen hissing, the sounds of coughing and air hunger, were almost more than she could take.

"Dad, this is Chloe." Matthew kept watching her face for any kind of negative reaction. He knew this was the real test.

Chloe walked over and shook his hand. "It's such a pleasure to meet you."

"Good to meet you as well, Chloe. I'm Conner, and it seems like you've made quite the impression on my son." He tried to chuckle, but ended up in a long coughing spell which totally exhausted him.

After Conner regained his breath and Matthew set him up with a breathing treatment, Chloe could see Matthew's expression change from instant concern to defeat over his lack of ability to provide for this man he obviously had great love for...and his strong desire to leave and get Chloe out of there.

But she didn't want to go until she knew Conner was going to be okay. She slid a kitchen chair over to him and just softly talked. She picked topics which wouldn't make the older man have to speak much. Matthew just sat back and watched from across the room. If she was going to bolt, she would have already went running. He found himself laughing some and joining in the conversation. They stayed for about an hour, and then Chloe went home while Matthew helped his dad to bed.

She waited until she was behind her own door before the tears flowed, and once they started, she struggled with keeping her composure. She heard the deadbolt slide open. With his key, Matthew let himself in. There was no hiding her emotions. Matthew wrapped his arms around her and lifted her face. After wiping her cheeks with his thumbs, he knew what was bothering her.

"He's been sick for years. The roofing company was never able to afford medical insurance for anyone, so I have hundreds of thousands of dollars to pay in medical bills for him. I make monthly payments, but I'll never be able to get him the care he needs. On top of that, I pay all our regular bills. I know you told me that material things don't matter to you, but I was serious when I said I'd never be able to provide you with anything." Matthew's cheeks reddened. "I just want to be honest with you before you get too attached to me."

"Matthew, I'm so sorry your father is ill. Don't be ashamed of not having things or being able to give them. Your heart is what I want, and what you're doing for your father is the most precious, selfless act, ever."

"Chloe, my embarrassment isn't because of the things we lack or from being so far in the hole. It's because of his smoking. He has emphysema and smokes like a chimney, but the stress he feels over the situation it's put me in makes him smoke even more. If you ask him, he'll tell you he's ready to die. But I'm not going to let that happen. Yes, it angers me to see him so sick with a cigarette in his mouth. I wanted more out of life while growing up, but it is what it is, right?"

"Things will work out, Matthew. I...can help you." Chloe knew it was time to tell the truth.

"No. It's not your debt, and I wouldn't accept it."

"But, sweetheart, there doesn't have to be any debt. I can take-"

"No! I won't budge on this!" Matthew got up and went to the door. "I'm sorry. I think I just need some sleep tonight. Good luck tomorrow on your first day of work. Don't take this personally, Chloe. I love you, but my mind is a jumbled mess." He quietly closed the door behind him.

Chloe sat out on the balcony in the dark. The box of tissues was almost gone, and her heart was aching. She didn't know what to do. Picking up her phone, she called the only person she reached out to in times like this.

"Becky..."

"Honey, what's wrong with you? Are you hurt?"

Chloe let out a sob.

"Talk to me, love."

Taking a deep breath, she told Becky everything. She needed to know the best way to disclose who she really is. There was no way she could continue to lie to someone she loved. If she was honest, maybe her help would be accepted. God, how do I get myself out of this mess?

"Chloe, you'll know when it's the best time to tell him. Right now he isn't ready to listen."

In the morning, Chloe stopped by the office and had coffee with Sherry. She asked for another week before starting her job and handed her five hundred dollars in cash for her rent.

"Chloe, thank you very much, but you don't have to pay for your room. You won't be making enough money to support yourself while working here."

"I insist. You've been more than kind, and besides, I saved up plenty of money. If I find myself unable to pay, I'll come to you. Deal?"

With that, Sherry was pleased. But Chloe wasn't happy at all. The older woman, whom she was becoming so fond of, was just one more person being lied to. I'll come clean, but first I have to help Matthew and Conner, even if it means I lose them. At least I'll know they'll be okay.

With her mind made up, Chloe headed for Matthew's apartment.

Chapter 5

Taking a deep breath, she knocked on the door and announced herself. Conner told Chloe the door was unlocked and to come on in. What she saw was very difficult to watch.

Conner had his checkbook out and was going through the enormous pile of bills. He rubbed his head frequently while he sorted through the ones he could pay and the ones he couldn't. A cloud of smoke floated above the kitchen, the oxygen hissing away.

"Damn bills. Have a seat, Chloe. It's good to see you again."

"I ordered us lunch. I hope you don't mind. There's a great Italian restaurant up the street. I bet you like lasagna."

"Lasagna? I haven't had lasagna in so long." Conner was smiling from ear to ear. "I'll be done in just a minute, and we can chat. I'm so grateful that Sherry doesn't complain when the rent has to be a tad late."

Chloe stared at the pile of bills. "Would you like some help going through them?"

"No, there isn't much to do really. We pay what we can. I wish I wouldn't have gotten so sick."

"I'm sorry you don't feel very well, Conner."

"Smoking does that to you, so don't ever start. I had asthma growing up, and slowly it turned into a worse medical condition."

Chloe noticed the cigarette roller and bag of tobacco. Conner saw her looking at it.

"I didn't smoke until Matthew's mom walked out. But that's neither here nor there. I know my time is running out, so it's a little late to get on a health kick. I roll my own cigarettes or else I couldn't afford them."

The delivery man finally showed up with lunch, and Chloe could turn her attention on getting the food served. Conner was tall like Matthew but very underweight and frail. He only ate a little, saying a full stomach made it harder for him to breathe.

When she opened the refrigerator to put the leftovers away, the contents shocked her; they hardly had food. "Conner, I can go to the store and pick you up some things. I know you can't get out, so I'd love to help." Her eyes were beginning to water.

"We don't eat much." Conner smiled, knowing Chloe wouldn't believe a word of it.

"Excuse me for a minute. I have to use the bathroom, and then I think I should rest a bit." Conner avoided eye contact after she looked inside the refrigerator.

When she heard the bathroom door close, Chloe worked as fast as she could to write down numbers, bank account information, and the hospital they owed money to. The balance in the checkbook was only thirty-seven dollars. There were three bills on the table in sealed envelopes with stamps, but Chloe didn't dare open them. She was able to finish and get the table back the way Conner had left it.

He was coughing and gasping when he returned, and with some guidance, Chloe was able to get him a breathing treatment started. When he was doing better, she said goodbye, closed the door, and then ran down the hall.

Matthew and Conner had a joint account. There was no savings, just the checking account with very little money. The first thing that had to be done was fill that up some. Chloe hopped in her car and went to their bank.

While sitting in a chair waiting for the bank manager to be available, Chloe began filling out a deposit slip. When her name was called, she walked into the small office and closed the door.

A well dressed, middle-aged woman stood up and shook Chloe's hand. "How can I help you today? Were you interested in opening an account with us?"

"No, thank you. I'm here to deposit money into a friend's account. I have to remain anonymous if possible, and I need the money available to them today."

"I see. We need the account information to make the deposit."

"I have the necessary information, but please, you can't say a word."

"The only way to make funds available to him today would be by a cash deposit."

"I'll be right back then. Thank you."

Chloe drove to her personal bank about five miles from Berkshire Estates. After having a chat with the flirty old bank manager while she filled out the paperwork and waited for her money, she drove back to the other bank. When the manager saw her, she waved for her to come in.

"Here's the account information. I want to deposit fifty thousand." Chloe reached in her large bag and pulled out the five banded stacks of hundred dollar bills.

"I'm really sorry, but I had no idea the amount of the deposit was going to be so large. You'll have to fill out some papers for us, and I'll have to verify your identification. The government tracks large deposits, especially if they're cash."

Panic filled her but only momentarily. Regardless of the outcome, at least I know Matthew and his father will be okay. Chloe followed her through a locked door and into a small room equipped with a camera. After the money was counted twice, the bills checked and cleared, the transaction was completed. Chloe received proof of the deposit and then quickly left for the hospital. She had to hurry before Matthew found out the truth. If he checked his account, her ability to help him would end.

Sylvia and John Burlington were large contributors to Saint John's Hospital, but Chloe didn't want to risk using her name. Walking to the billing office, her mind was trying to come up with creative ways to handle this. Chloe turned back around and went to the elevator. On the top floor, she found the administrator's office and signed in. This place is pretty plush. Nice furniture, new carpet...yet people are suffering and losing everything while trying to pay their medical bills. By the time the administrator could see her, she was angry and jumped right to the point. She wanted to spend as little time as possible with Mr. Big Hair.

"I have a friend with huge medical bills. I'm here to pay them off and want to do so anonymously."

"This can be handled in the billing office." Big Hair looked at her with annoyance.

"No, I'm going to do it through a private donation. As a donator, I can designate where I want the money to go."

"We really appreciate donations. We're trying to expand our South wing." His mood suddenly elevated.

"I want the entire amount to cover his medical bills, and the remainder to be designated for any future care like his ongoing oxygen service."

"I just need a name."

Chloe gave him the billing information and waited patiently for his secretary to bring in an itemization of his charges.

"This is quite a large sum of money. I see he's had several trips to the ER and multiple extended stays in our Intensive Care Unit. Pulmonary specialist...The balance is almost four hundred thousand dollars. It says he's uninsured. I do see we have him on a payment plan which has been consistently paid."

"I'm going to make a private donation to the hospital for five hundred thousand. I am to remain anonymous, and I mean that. I want proof that his bills were covered in full and that the rest is for his future care." Chloe made the check out and handed it to him

"Oh, Miss Burlington! Why didn't you say so?"

"Why does it matter who I am? If you don't do as I ask, I can assure you that the large contributions from our family will cease. You are to tell no one who I am or disclose what I look like. I signed in as Mandy. When I leave, I'll still be Mandy. I might be young, but I'm far from ignorant. Where this money came from will forever stay between the two of us. I realize you'll need to document the donation for your books, but that's as far as my name will go. I will forever remain an anonymous donor. Conner's bills will be paid by an anonymous donation."

"By the end of the week, your friend will have a statement showing a zero balance. If you give me a few minutes, I'll have my secretary type something out for you."

As soon as Chloe put her car in gear, her phone rang.

"Babe, I'm trying to get supplies delivered and my truck died and needs a jump."

"Give me directions and I'll be there right away. Besides, I would never pass up an opportunity to jump you."

Matthew smiled and felt enormous relief. He was hoping Chloe wasn't mad at him for getting so angry the night before. He wished he could have stopped by her apartment this morning to apologize, but he was already running forty-five minutes late for work. "Does that mean you'll talk dirty to get me in the car?"

Chloe laughed and told him she loved him. Even though he was being flirty, her mind stayed focused on her next plan. She knew her time was running out.

Finding Matthew wasn't difficult, and after jumping his truck, she headed to the dealership. She'd definitely need someone who'd do anything for a few bucks. Bob.

Chloe scanned the used car lot until she spotted Bob. He was wearing the same suit, only a bit more wrinkled. He was eyeing a young mother up and down while she looked inside of an old car. For God sakes, she's carrying a baby! You're such a pig, Bob. Chloe watched as the young mother shook her head no and walked away. His eyes were glued to her backside. Chloe got out of her car and waved at him. She really wanted to slap him but refrained.

"I remember you! Did you decide to come and buy that gem we looked at?"

"What gem, Bob?"

"Uh, I can't remember, but I show everyone good cars."

"Look, I know you wouldn't mind making some cash on the side, so I'm going to offer you the deal of a lifetime. Can you sell new cars as well?"

"I don't get to work over there that often, but I can. What did you have in mind?"

The pig was all winks and smiles while Chloe gave him the details. He stared at her chest the whole time. She'd feel sorry for Bob if he wasn't such a creeper.

"Let me get this straight. You want me to make up a fake contest, and you're going to buy a truck and this Matthew guy will win it?"

"Yes. You'll still get your commission, and I get to help the guy out. You have to promise to keep this secret. Make up a fake entry form and fake congratulations letter on dealership stationary."

"And I get cash on the side?"

"I'll give you a grand, Bob."

"How about a grand and a little...well you know."

"Do you want a thousand dollars plus commission or not? I'm never touching you...ever."

Chloe sat at Bob's desk while he took off to find leftover entry forms from previous contests. The forms didn't announce the prizes, which was a good thing. He came back twenty minutes later and sold her a brand new Chevy Silverado 2500 HD in Victory Red. Chloe had it fully insured for five years and made sure she had the best warranty. The truck was loaded.

"When do I get my money?"

"You'll get it when the truck's delivered. You're going to be the one to deliver it." Chloe wrote down 'Matthew Sharp' on a piece of paper, along with his address. "Here's my number too. You call when the truck comes in."

Chloe picked up the entry form and went back to the apartment. Hopefully Matthew wouldn't learn about his bank account balance before he got his new truck. His old Chevy was a deathtrap, and the last thing she wanted was to have him stranded in this neighborhood. The old truck didn't even have heat, which definitely wasn't good for driving in Michigan winters.

Matthew didn't show up until almost nine that night. He was totally exhausted. Chloe could tell he was struggling to keep his eyes open, but Matthew wanted to thank her.

"That lasagna dinner was great, babe, we really enjoyed it. Thank you so much. I haven't had a meal like that in a long time. Mario's is a fabulous restaurant, but they're very expensive. You didn't need to spend your money like that."

"I just wanted to do something nice." Chloe reached in her purse and pulled out the entry form. "Look what I grabbed at the grocery store. It's an entry form for a contest. You could win a huge truck!"

"What kind? You should enter it yourself, Chloe. You could use a new vehicle too, and besides, I never win anything." Matthew laughed.

"There's no way I'm driving that big of a pickup."

"Damn, I could use a new one of those. I guess it wouldn't hurt to fill it out. Where do I drop the form off at?"

"I forgot to grab something while I was out, so I'll turn it in tomorrow for you."

Matthew took a pen from his front pocket and filled it out. "Could you imagine if I won? They'd hear me howling all the way to Texas. I'm not sure if I could afford to insure it though."

"Let's just see what happens." Chloe's anxiety was rising. Losing him would be so painful, but having him walk away and return everything she'd given him would be unbearable. No one was more deserving than Matthew...no one.

Matthew was working long hours every day trying to make enough money to carry him over until next spring. His friend John worked some hours at a local hardware store when roofing season ended and only got that job because the owner was a relative. Finding employment was difficult. He'd tried on several occasions to find a job like John's, but he couldn't afford to work for minimum wage. Matthew wasn't about to let his father's roofing company go belly up. He was hoping for heavy snowfall this winter, even though plow hours were nasty. Trying to juggle crazy shifts, with caring for his father, wasn't an easy thing to do. Sometimes he worked all night and slept very little. It was grueling, but at least he could catch up on some bills. No matter what it took, Matthew was willing to do anything to take care of his father.

Chloe called Sherry and agreed to start her new job. She didn't know how hard the work would be, but it was a new experience for her. Becky called before her shift was to start.

"You're going to get up every morning at seven-thirty?"

"I get up at seven, but it doesn't bother me. I'm just so excited to actually have a real job!"

"I take it she knows your real name then? Did she agree to keep it quiet?"

"It wasn't much of an application. She doesn't have my real name."

"Chloe, there's a thing called taxes."

"She's paying me cash for just a couple days a week. I won't even make enough money to pay taxes. Besides, Sherry is doing the best she can. She loves her tenants, throws no one out, and works with people. She owns the building, so I'm not worried about it."

"Matthew still hasn't figured out who you are?"

"No, but that'll happen any day now."

"Let me guess, you sent him money?"

"Not quite..." Chloe explained as much as she could with the little time she had left before work.

"I'm proud of you, love. You're such a good person. If and when he does find out, I'll be behind you a hundred percent."

Sherry had a hot cup of coffee in her hand and held it out for Chloe. She gratefully accepted it and sat at the table with her new boss. She wrote down the tasks she had to do, then set off to find the supply closet. Being in the hallway gave her a headache at first, but after a short while she didn't notice the smells. She got to know some of the tenants when they went in and out of their apartments. They were all kind.

While Chloe cleaned, her mind churned. Even though she knew that keeping Matthew wasn't going to be an option once he found out, it hurt her just the same. Preparing herself for such a horrible loss was so hard, and just the thought of it brought her to tears.

She cleaned meticulously, and Sherry was very impressed. What she didn't know was that Chloe was trying to clean off her own black marks. That's exactly what she'd become in Matthew's eyes. A big black mark...Please, just let him get the truck before he leaves.

At the end of her day, Sherry approached her with a look of concern.

"Did I do something wrong? I'm new at this, so if I messed up, I'll go back and fix it."

"No, dear. Can you come and sit for a minute?"

Chloe sat down on the edge of her seat in the office, not because of the dirt on the fabric, but because of sheer nerves.

"What's bothering you, Chloe?"

"Nothing's wrong, I'm just tired I guess."

"Listen, no matter what it is, you can come and talk to me."

"I'm okay, Sherry. I'll keep that in mind." Chloe wasn't looking forward to the impact her deceit was going to have on these people she cared about. She wasn't even honest to Matthew about her parents or her best friend's real identity.

Chloe opened the door to her apartment and then slid to the floor. Maybe she wouldn't be able to keep the new wonderful feelings she'd gotten from people accepting and loving her, but at least she now knew what it felt like. For that, she was thankful.

Chapter 6

Matthew didn't get his lunch break until two o'clock, and he was famished. Being across town made it impossible for him to stop home, grab some food, and then be back at the job site in thirty minutes. He hurried out of the house, late again, and was unable to pack himself a lunch. His father was taking more time in the mornings to get up and take his treatment. His coughing spells were lasting longer, worrying Matthew so much. He wanted to take him to the doctors, but his father refused due to the medical bills that were piling up.

It'd be three more days before he was able to pay himself and the crew, but he needed food and his lunch break was almost over. Hopefully there're a few bucks in the account. Pulling up at an ATM, Matthew used his debit card to check his balance and pull out ten bucks if he could. Fifty thousand, thirty-seven dollars on the receipt under 'balance' made Matthew crack up. Are you kidding me?! Even though it was a rush to see that kind of money, he knew better than to touch it. The bank made a gross error and would demand every cent of it back. Man that looked amazing, even though it wasn't mine. Shaking his head, he took his ten dollars and headed to a drive-through. He wouldn't bother calling the bank; they'd be quick about recovering that amount of money. I can't wait to show this to Chloe. She'll laugh as hard as I did.

Chloe was glad to be working. Her anxiety about this contest was making her crazy. She was tempted to call the dealership and find out what the delay was. While she was vacuuming the long hall, she felt her phone vibrate on her hip. It was Bob, letting her know the truck was in. She opened the door to the supply closet so her call wouldn't be overheard, and so no one could see her jumping up and down with excitement.

"Mail the congratulations letter to Matthew. Get it here through same day mail. The thousand bucks will help cover the postage. Make sure you have his address correct because I want the truck over here tonight around eight."

"Am I still delivering it? If I do, who'll drive me back to work?"

"That's your problem. Make the whole thing look official." Chloe wouldn't have been so mean if Bob wouldn't have wanted extra favors for helping her.

"My brother can follow me. He's not going to be too happy about going to that neighborhood."

"Bob! Figure it out, but first, get to the post office!" Chloe hung up the phone, hoping the creep wouldn't mess this up.

She stepped out of the supply closet trying to look normal. The huge grin on her face wasn't easy to cover up. Matthew was going to blow up once he found out she was behind all the help, but that was okay. Her main concern was to make life easier for two people who deserved it.

At six-thirty that evening, Chloe heard the heavy footsteps of someone running down the hall. Before she could go out to investigate, Matthew slung her door open with a letter in his hand.

"I won!! I won, I won, I won!!!" His eyes were water-filled.

"You won the contest for that truck?"

"Yes!" Matthew picked her up and swung her around. "I can't thank you enough, Chloe. If it wasn't for you bringing me the entry and talking me into filling it out, this wouldn't have happened. My dad is happier than I am if that's even possible. They're delivering it this evening!" He kissed her deeply.

Chloe was so relieved her plan worked and that he was getting a new, safe vehicle. But when Matthew kissed her, she couldn't help but feel like he was kissing her goodbye.

At eight o'clock, Matthew's phone rang. Chloe was trying to act as nonchalant as she could.

"I'll come down. Thanks, Sherry."

"Is everything okay?" Chloe hoped it was Bob.

"Maybe it's about my new truck. Sherry called to tell me a man is downstairs requesting to see me."

"I'll come with you."

Matthew held her hand down to the lobby. There stood Bob in a brown suit, and he even combed his hair.

"Are you Matthew Sharp?"

"Yes, I am. Can I help you?"

"Come with me, please." Bob walked outside and smiled as he held the truck key out to Matthew.

"Oh my God!"

"Congratulations, sir. Enjoy be the winner, and thanks for entering."

Matthew ran to the new pickup, and while he was climbing up behind the wheel, Chloe handed Bob the thousand dollars she had stuffed in her jeans.

"I have to get back to the office. Best of luck, Mr. Sharp."

As Bob drove off with another man, Matthew ran around to the other side of the truck and held the door open for Chloe.

"Climb in, babe! We're going for a drive!"

They drove around for a good hour, testing it on the highway and cruising slowly down the streets. Matthew looked so happy and proud.

"You have no idea how close my old truck is to dying. I can't believe this!"

They stopped by John's apartment to show him the truck, and the next day, Matthew was beyond happy driving it to work. The crew congratulated him over and over, knowing no one deserved this more. They knew that Matthew paid himself last to make sure everyone had money to put food on their tables, gave them time off when situations arose, and thanked them every day for their hard work. The men who worked for him were like family, and they knew of his struggles and were careful not to complain about raises and health insurance. Even though Matthew did everything he could for his crew, he wouldn't blame them if they quit for a better paying job with benefits.

Because the new truck got better gas mileage, Matthew wouldn't be sinking so much money into the tank. Every few extra dollars would help to pay the bills. He had to rely on his income to keep him and his father above water. Public assistance seemed the best way to go to help with the medical care expenses. But when Matthew tried to fill out the paperwork on his own, the whole process turned out to be a vicious circle. Ultimately he was refused. Conner was furious when he found out. In his father's mind, there were folks much worse off and who deserved the help more. What Matthew didn't know was that his father had a five hundred thousand dollar life insurance policy he bought after he got married. When he died, which Conner knew would be soon, Matthew wouldn't be dragged down by medical bills and could have a clean start. He just hoped his time to go came quickly.

On a clear Sunday, Matthew went to the grocery store and found a small roast on sale. He had a great idea to cook a nice dinner for Chloe and his father. He was hoping he still remembered how to make one. Conner's eyebrows rose when he saw the meal ingredients.

"Matthew, that must have been expensive!"

"Not really. Everything was on sale, and besides, I'm not dumping every spare dime into the gas tank anymore."

The two men laughed and talked while the meal was being prepared. The kitchen, even with all the cigarette smoke, smelled good. Hopefully it'd taste as good as it smelled.

Conner thumbed through the paper while Matthew cut up the salad. He was ecstatic to see his son in love and so happy. He thought Josie had ruined him for good. Chloe was such a sweet girl and would hopefully become a member of the family. Even in Matthew's last relationship, his happiest days were nothing compared to the ones he experienced with Chloe.

After finishing with the sports and news sections, Conner thought he'd get some kicks out of reading about the social elite. The big photograph of Earl and Sylvia Burlington holding shovels for a groundbreaking ceremony made Conner shake his head. Africa. Why not do something in America? The article was huge, describing Burlington Enterprises and the contributions that were made to different organizations. The ceremony was for a new school. Detroit just closed three schools because the repairs were too great. He was getting ticked off.

Then he saw it; underneath was a photograph of Chloe Burlington, the young heiress. It went on to tell about her recent breakup from Edmund Lauer, and how she was one of the wealthiest women her age. The picture showed a smug-looking young man sitting next to Chloe. There was no mistaking who she was. Conner felt like his heart was going to stop. The last thing his son needed was to get more involved with a woman who'd never find him good enough. After struggling with his decision, he folded the paper back and set it on the table.

"Matthew, come over here for a minute."

"Just a second. Let me get this salad tossed."

"Come here, please, son."

Matthew turned around and looked at his father's serious expression. He knew something was wrong. Slowly, he walked to him.

"Matthew, I want you to look at something. Promise me you'll keep a straight head."

"Dad, what's wrong?"

Conner turned the photos around to face his son. Matthew picked up the paper and sat down in the chair. Conner watched his son's brow furrow and jaws tighten while every word was read.

Matthew got up and took the roast out of the oven. He sliced a piece for his father, gave him some potatoes, carrots, and salad, and then calmly carried the plate and sat it down on the table. He shut the stove off and then walked out of the door without a word. Matthew went down to Sherry's office and asked to use her computer. He pulled up his and his father's account and saw the cash deposit of fifty thousand dollars. He called the twenty-four hour banking center and inquired about the deposit. There wasn't an error. The depositor was Chloe Burlington. He calmly hung up. Next he called the dealership and asked to speak to the manager. The last contest they held was over New Years. He walked out of the office and thanked Sherry. Opening the passenger side of the new truck, Matthew got out all the paperwork. Chloe Burlington was on all the signed papers. He found the proof of insurance, good for five years, and the policy was signed by Chloe Burlington.

Matthew walked back up to his apartment and wrote out a check for fifty-thousand dollars, payable to Chloe Burlington. With the truck key in his hand, he walked down the hall and knocked on the door. That's what strangers do.

Chloe was just getting out of the tub when she heard the knock. It couldn't be Matthew, he had his own key. Whoever it was would hopefully go away. She wanted to look nice this evening for dinner with Matthew and Conner. She was super excited. She never had a guy cook dinner for her before. She wished she could have watched him prepare it. Her bet was that the cute roofer of hers would look even more adorable. The knocking wasn't stopping. She found a conservative dress that wasn't too short and then stood in the mirror trying to decide how to fix her hair. The knocking persisted. Go away! Don't people get it when no one comes to the door they don't want to answer or they're not home?! Firmly setting the hairbrush on the vanity, Chloe went to the door and flung it open. She was going to let whoever it was have a piece of her mind.

Their eyes met. The look on Matthew's face sent a chill down Chloe's spine. Hopefully Conner was okay. Just when she was about to ask what was wrong, it occurred to her that he hadn't used his key. If something was wrong with his father he would have opened the door on his own. His breathing was loud, his face reddened, and every vein in his neck and temple was visible and throbbing. Seeing him enraged like this was frightening to say the least. Chloe quickly averted her eyes.

"Hello, Chloe Burlington. It's nice to meet ya...."

"Oh God, Matthew. I can explain-"

"Go back to your mansion, Miss Burlington. I don't need to be your pathetic charity case anymore. On your way out of the projects, get the hell out of my life. Take your damn truck with you." Matthew didn't raise his voice. He calmly placed the apartment key she'd given him, the truck key, and the check on the floor in front of Chloe.

"I'm so sorry! I'm the same person you-"

"Yep, the same person in the newspaper. Go back to your side of the tracks." Matthew closed the door behind him. She heard the old pickup start, and listened as it drove away.

Chloe crumbled to the floor.

She lay in her bed sobbing. The walls were closing in, and Chloe was having a hard time breathing. With trembling hands, she called Becky.

"I don't know what to do!" were the first words she uttered.

"He found out..."

"Becky, it's over. I knew I'd lose him over this, but I didn't know it would hurt so much. I thought I prepared myself. I didn't even get a chance to explain. He returned the money and the truck to me! God, this is the worst day of my life."

"Did you explain why you did what you did?"

"I didn't get the chance. He told me to stay out of his life, and he meant it. I don't even know how he found out!"

"Sweetie, why don't you gather a few of your things and move back, and we can get the rest tomorrow. He knows you live here now so you might as well be in your own home."

"Home? This is my home! I don't belong there, and I never did!"

The next morning, Chloe heard a knock on the door. She flew to it and swung it open, hoping it was Matthew. It was Sherry.

"Is this true?" Sherry had the newspaper page in her hand and opened it up so Chloe could look at it.

"Yes, Sherry, it's true. I didn't want you all to find out this way. I may have lied about my last name and my wealth, but who I am and my love for Matthew, my feelings for you and Conner....all of that is real!" She stared at the older woman's eyes. "You don't have to say anything, I'll gather my things."

"Honey, I'm not here to throw you out. There are always two sides to every story. Why don't you start from the beginning?" Sherry sat down at the kitchen table and lit a cigarette.

Chloe stopped eating and drinking. She hadn't showered or brushed her hair since the day her life crashed around her. She called Matthew over and over again, and not one call was returned. She stopped talking to everyone, including Becky. Chloe wanted to knock on Matthew's door, but didn't want to look at Conner and see the pain she'd caused him. He trusted her not to hurt his son. If only she could explain.

The loud pounding on the door made her lift her head from the pillow. Chloe stayed in bed with the blinds closed and stopped caring if she ever saw the sun again. The pounding continued, followed by the shaking of the doorknob.

"Chloe I know you're in there. Open up or so help me God I'll drag every guard I can get my hands on to bring your ass home! Open the door!!"

Slowly she walked to the door and unlocked it, and then promptly went back to her bed.

"Okay, this is enough!" Becky opened every blind, then went to the kitchen and filled up a glass with water. She held it to Chloe's mouth. "Drink!"

"Go back home, Becky."

"I'm not leaving here until I know you're okay. I'm definitely not leaving today. Drink the water or I swear I'll take you to the hospital." Becky put a slice of bread in the toaster.

Chloe sipped on the water and nibbled on the toast. Becky dragged her out to the balcony and spoke firmly to her friend. She wasn't about to let Chloe sink lower.

"I'm staying with you for a few days and don't even think you have a say so. I'll do whatever it takes to make sure you're going to be okay. I know your heart's broken, and you've never lost a guy you were in love with before. Trust me when I say you'll get over him. You should allow yourself to feel the pain, but you can't let it destroy you."

"Becky, it hurts losing Matthew. More than I thought it would. I'm mostly devastated knowing he and Conner are over there still struggling. They don't even have enough food. Did you know that Conner isn't even getting decent medical treatment? He could die, and he's all the family Matthew has left."

"Look, you have to give guys time for things to sink in. In the meantime, you have me."

Becky continued to ask a million questions and had become her shadow. It was getting irritating. Chloe was eating, drinking, going outside, and had planned to go back to work the next day. Five days of being babysat was enough.

"I'll go, but you have to promise me you'll answer the phone when I call you and you'll take care of yourself."

"Thank you, Becky. You can call and check on me anytime you want."

After Becky left, Chloe took a long hot shower and decided to refuse to go down without a fight. Her mind was spinning, trying to come up with a plan...If I can get Matthew to love me again, he'll accept my help.

Chloe had no idea how complicated that would become.

Chapter 7

Lois knew where Chloe was living and that she was involved with someone. She'd followed Becky one evening to some old apartments in the Detroit projects. Instantly she was tempted to haul her back home, but when she saw her with a smile on her face while holding hands with a young man, a relief settled in. At least she could have a chance at a normal life outside of the estate gates. The thought of Chloe having to escape to find love and friends was eating away at her soul. She'd spent her share of time pacing the mansion halls trying to find a way to help the heiress. For some people, wealth and power meant happiness. Chloe wasn't one of them.

Trying to be a mother figure and nurturer all of Chloe's life wasn't easy. She worked the hardest at trying to keep the young woman's spirit up. Lois knew she could never fill the shoes of a mother, but there wasn't anyone else who'd try. She knew she'd probably lose her job, but was willing to risk it, especially since Chloe seemed to be standing on her own two feet. She set her alarm for one-thirty in the morning and then walked to the phone.

Sylvia Burlington took one last look at herself in the mirror before heading to the dig site for more photographs. What she really wanted to do was go back to bed. Standing out in the heat all day with a thousand bugs and foul smells was sure to make her photograph poorly. She couldn't seem to keep the scowl off her face. There wasn't a single quiet place she could go to get some peace and unwind some. Outside the windows she could hear children running around which made her think of her daughter, and that's the last thing she wanted to do. The phone began to ring loudly in the other room. Her last nerve was breaking.

"Get that, Earl!" She listened as his footsteps moved to the parlor. Sylvia was confident she wouldn't have to yell again and make her headache worse. Earl felt it necessary to talk extra loud on the phone, especially if it was long distance. She shut the bathroom door with her foot and held a cool cloth to her forehead.

"Lois! What a pleasant surprise. I hope nothing's wrong. Is Chloe okay?" Earl's body tensed.

"Sir, forgive me for this, but I have some uncomfortable things to say. You've been very good to me over the years, but you and Mrs. Burlington have treated me better than your own daughter."

"My daughter has everything she could ever want. What's this about, Lois?"

"She wants parents...parents who love her, want to talk to her and, more importantly, want to be with her."

"We're in Africa doing important work and you know this. My wife calls and speaks with Chloe a few times a week, but I haven't spoken with my daughter in quite some time. When I come to the phone, I think she hangs up, and it breaks my heart, really. But if you are so concerned about her, why haven't you called before this? I question your motive."

"Your wife speaks to me only. When Chloe comes to the phone to talk with her mother, it's Mrs. Burlington who hangs up on her child. I was given the orders to call the office for emergencies only, never your private number. There's nothing I'm risking now by dialing you direct."

"You may call here anytime you wish, and you know that. She hasn't been speaking with Chloe?"

"You may as well have a seat, sir. This will be a long conversation, and I plan to tell you everything. Then I will pack my bags, because your daughter doesn't even live here anymore."

Sherry reached over and held Chloe's hand as she placed the newspaper article on the table. "This is how Matthew and his father found out. Reporters are such hounds."

"I never meant to hurt anyone," sobbed Chloe.

"Wipe those tears off that pretty face. I've known Matthew all his life, and he has a good heart and good head on his shoulders. He'll come around."

"They both need the money, and Matthew needs the truck, Sherry."

"For being so young, you have a heart of gold. It'll work out, I promise."

They hugged at the door before Sherry left, and then Chloe ripped up the newspaper and threw it in the trash.

The next morning, Sherry glared at Matthew as she handed him a cup of coffee.

"What's that look for? What did I do?"

"Why did you walk out on Chloe like that? I went upstairs and spoke with her. She's still the same sweet girl."

"The same sweet girl who lied and manipulated me, not to mention my father, so we could become her project? I refuse to be viewed as a pathetic cause. We're not a charity case for anyone, and when I met her, she said she needed a job and an apartment. She acted like one of us. The truth is she'll never be one of us. Do you know how embarrassed and humiliated she made us feel? Don't you think I feel bad enough for not being able to take care of my dad the way I should? That I'm not college educated, and that the business is barely hanging on? She hit us below the belt. For that, I'll never forgive her. I wish you'd just kick her out." Matthew left without allowing the older woman to get a word in edgewise.

Sherry got up and watched him walk to that damn beat up truck. She had to think of something to make the man get the cement out of his head. Of course Chloe was right; had she of been honest about who she really was, Matthew wouldn't have given her the time of day.

Chloe walked in Sherry's office and poured herself some hot water for tea. She stuck around, dunking the teabag and wiping down the table, straightening magazines and newspapers, until she caused her boss to spin around in her chair.

"I know why you're hanging around in the office. Matthew left already. If you want to catch him, you best be up by five-thirty." Sherry smiled and winked.

"Oh...well I couldn't sleep. I just feel like keeping busy today. Seriously, me being in the office has nothing to do with Matthew."

"Bullshit."

"Okay, you're right. I'll go vacuum and be in here bright and early."

"Atta girl."

When Chloe was done cleaning, she walked to the apartment four doors down. She softly knocked, knowing Conner was sitting at the kitchen table.

"It's Chloe. I'd like to come in and talk with you if you don't mind."

Conner hated to ignore the young girl, but the last thing he wanted to do was get in the middle, especially after his son told him to keep his nose out of it. Matthew needed the time to figure things out in his own head. He knew his son better than anyone and was well aware that Matthew was more stubborn than a mule. Conner didn't understand why Chloe withheld the truth, but knew there was a reason. She had a good heart, and this whole thing bothered him greatly, but it wasn't up to him to find out the answers.

Chloe stood outside the door and knocked a few more times. When she was sure she'd given Conner more than enough time to answer it, she walked back down to her apartment and shut the door. Matthew wasn't going to be home for another couple of hours. Hopefully she could catch him outside before he went upstairs. Chloe went to the bathroom, showered, and did her hair exactly the same way she had it on the first night she met him. In cut offs and a t-shirt, she went downstairs and sat in her car. If he saw her standing in the parking lot, he'd keep driving and she knew that.

Chloe rehearsed her words over and over again in her head, and sometimes out loud. The new truck she'd bought for Matthew stood out like a fly in the punch bowl. Come on, keep it together, Chloe. This might be her only opportunity to talk to Matthew, so she had to make sure not to blow it. Hours later as daylight began to fade, the old red pickup truck drove into the parking lot. Before she could even get out of her car, Matthew spotted her. His eyes could have easily burned holes right through her. Chloe could have cried, but instead she got angry. She was going to make him listen to her one way or another.

John tried to stay out of it, but watching his best friend be so preoccupied and pissed off all the time wasn't going to cut it. He wanted to shake some sense into him, but it wouldn't be that simple. He watched Matthew lower all his guards for this girl and knew how hurt he was.

"Have you talked with Chloe?"

"Let's not talk about her...ever. She was a fake."

"Matt, there has to be a reason. I mean look, she deposited fifty thousand in your account, paid your dad's medical bills, bought you a new truck, and yet she still lives here. Hell, she could have done all that from her mansion. Be mad at me if you want, but if she saw you as just a charity case, she would have already hit the road. She's staying because she cares about you."

"She humiliated me, and I trusted her. You think a relationship can be built on deceit and lies?"

"I just think-"

"I'm done talking about it..."

"All I'm saying is, I think you should give her five minutes of your time to explain. You don't have enough facts to just cut her out of your life. I know you love her, or you wouldn't be this pissed off."

"John, you're my brother. I know you're concerned, but back off. I don't need any more of your advice. Following it the first time was a sucky thing to do."

"Okay, I'll be blunt. You walk around here barking at everyone or ignoring them. The guys are threatening to quit. If that happens you'll lose the business."

"Yeah, well maybe that'll be the best thing that can happen to me."

Matthew spotted Chloe again sitting in her car when he pulled up to the apartment. Why don't you just go the hell away? Every time he saw her, it reminded him of what he couldn't become. She was no different than Josie. Both women let him know that he fell short in life. Even though Josie really hurt him with her words, she at least told the truth. When he climbed out of his truck, he saw Chloe get out of her car. Here we go again.

"Matthew, wait..." Chloe watched him briskly walk into the building.

Chloe took off running up the stairs and reached Matthew's door just as he shut it. She knocked every couple of minutes for half an hour. Finally she went back home.

The next day Chloe wasn't scheduled to work, but got up anyway and was in the office at five-twenty sharp. Sherry had only been there for twenty minutes. Both women paused when Matthew put his hand on the door at five-thirty and stepped inside. Chloe poured him a cup of coffee as quickly as she could. Before she could hand it to him, he left.

"He isn't even giving me a chance, Sherry."

"Don't give up on what you want. You proved to him you had no money...now work just as hard to prove to him you're the same woman he fell in love with."

"How do I that? He won't even talk to me."

"No, you can't talk to him. Show him."

Why does he have to be so difficult? Chloe went back home and let herself fall back into bed, where she stayed for two more days...

Becky was beside herself with worry. Chloe wasn't answering her phone again, and she had to find someone to help her. The only other person who Chloe was close to was Lois. She hopped in her Jaguar and hoped Lois would be willing to come to the pits of Detroit with her. Getting her best friend out of that apartment and back home wasn't going to be easy.

She drove through the gates without stopping. The staff knew Becky, and she could come and go as she pleased. If Becky had someone else in the car with her, she would have been stopped. When she rang the bell, a maid answered the door.

"I need to see Lois."

"Lois Shepherd?"

"Yes, the cook. Could you get her please? This is kind of an emergency."

"I'm sorry. She no longer works here."

"Are you kidding me? Lois is family to Chloe. Where is she?"

"I don't have that information."

"Great. Are the Burlington's here?"

"No, ma'am."

Becky left the estate as quick as possible. Chloe is going to freak out over this. She stopped by her house and packed a bag. She left a note for her mother explaining she was going to stay at Chloe's for a few days. It wasn't a lie, but if her mother knew where she was going, she'd tie her to the wall.

She pulled up at the apartments and went right up to Chloe's door. Becky didn't pound on the door, but repeatedly knocked on it without pausing. She knew that would get her friend moving.

Chloe opened her eyes and stared at the door. Angrily, she threw back the covers and jumped to her feet, only to find herself landing back on the bed when the room started to spin. She got up more slowly and made her way to the door.

"Chloe! Open the dang door!"

Becky stared at her disheveled friend. She was almost in the same condition as when Becky rescued her before. She took Chloe's hand, walked her to the sofa, and then went into the kitchen and came back with water and a slice of toast. The last thing Becky was going to do was yell at her.

"You have to drink and eat this."

Chloe nodded her head and did as told. When she was done, she laid her head on Becky's shoulder.

"You stopped answering my calls. Where's your phone?"

"Over there. It's off. I was making myself crazy checking it every other minute to see if Matthew called. I couldn't stop so I shut it off."

"Sweetie, you have to let Matthew go. You can't destroy yourself over a guy."

"I care so much for him and his dad. I can't let people I love suffer. How do I get them to accept my help?"

"What does his dad say? Is he mad at you?"

"I don't know, he won't talk to me."

Becky knew Chloe wasn't going to let this go. To get her home, she'd have to help resolve this dilemma. The girls sat in silence for a while.

"Do you want me to talk with either of them?"

"No, Matthew's pretty angry at you too I think. You went along with the lies. I'm sure he's told his dad about you. It has to be me."

"You're chasing him."

"All I want is for one of them to listen to me. If Matthew could see that I'm the same girl he fell in love with, he'd let me help him."

"But that isn't what Matthew believes. All he sees is you chasing him."

"So what am I supposed to do, wash my hands of this whole thing? What if Conner dies because Matthew couldn't get him help? What if they go hungry or can't afford to keep the heat on? What if the roofing company fails or, God forbid, Matthew gets hurt on the job? Becky, I have got to find a way to help them."

"You still love him, don't you?"

"I love him more than I've ever loved anyone in my entire life."

"I'll help you, Chloe, but you have to listen to me. If you don't take care of yourself I'll move in permanently just to smack you every morning."

"Tell me your plan, please. I'm completely lost and have no idea what the first step should be."

"Step one is to shower. I love you but you stink..."

While Chloe was in the bathroom, Becky discarded all the rotting food in the fridge, and started a grocery list. It was very obvious her friend had lost weight and was already thin to begin with. It was important to get Chloe outside in some fresh air, even if it was just a trip to the grocery store, but avoiding the guy causing all the stress was imperative right now. Becky checked her watch and felt some relief, knowing Matthew would still be on someone's roof and not here where he could see her. If he was mean to Chloe in front of Becky, she'd come at the jerk like a crazy woman. That's when it hit her. She knew exactly how to help her friend.

Chapter 8

Chloe drove back from the grocery store with bags of fruit, veggies, and microwavable meals that required very little preparation. Even though Becky made sure she got some nutrients in her system, she felt dead. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't keep her mind off the horrible situation she ended up in. Her fall from grace in Matthew's eyes played over and over in her mind. The good memories of her time with him were tainted. When she would try to think of the happy days, sorrow overcame her. If only things could be different. Why won't he let me explain it all to him? Chloe knew there was no one else to blame; she caused it herself. She lied. Chloe hated liars as much as the next person. Since when did I become a liar? Suddenly it dawned on her; she'd been telling lies all her life, and it began with her parents, especially her mother. Hiding her mom's neglect and abandonment became second nature. I should legally change my name and start over. Maybe move to a new state. My life is so screwed up.

"Are you even listening to me?"

"I'm sorry, Beck. Tell me again."

"Stay away from him. That's what you have to do. Stop trying to contact Matthew, stop knocking on his door, and if you see him, go the opposite way."

"If I do what you're suggesting, he'll forget about me. There'd be no hope of helping him after that." Chloe sighed in frustration as she pulled up in the parking lot at the apartments. "I should knock on their door one last time. Maybe Conner will talk to me."

"No! So help me, Chloe, if you make yourself crazy again, I really will make you come home."

"Okay, okay. I'll try it for a few days and that's it. Deal?" Chloe knew that Becky would do exactly what she threatened. Having to go back to square one and live inside that blasted mansion would be the end of her.

"It's better than nothing. You'll see that I'm right, and when you do, I won't have to convince you of anything. Just don't give up, Chloe. You're worth more than this."

Becky stayed for a couple more days, and when she left, the challenge of keeping away from Matthew became greater. It was easy to do with someone breathing down her back all the time, but now the conscious decision lay on Chloe's lap. She couldn't believe how much of her day revolved around finding an opportunity to talk to him. Every time she spent money, she pictured Conner and his lack of medical care, Matthew's worried face, their empty refrigerator, his old truck...Chloe wished she could go talk to Lois, but the fear of security not allowing her to leave the estate again kept her away.

Each day was blending into the next. She was forcing herself to stay out of bed, forcing herself to eat and drink. After Chloe found herself struggling to fill all the hours in the day, she went to visit Sherry after her shift. She'd been refusing the paychecks the older woman tried to give her, which made her question why the young, wealthy woman wanted to clean up such unpleasant messes for free. But Chloe desperately needed to keep busy, even if it meant cleaning up those unpleasant messes several hours a day.

"You're already working for free. Why do you want to pick up extra days?"

"I like it here, plus I live in the building. Just think of it as me cleaning my home." Chloe smiled. Sherry stared at her.

"Is this because you're trying to run into Matthew?"

"No, it's the opposite. I really need to stay busy, Sherry. If he ever wants to talk to me, he can come to me. Matthew knows where I live."

Sherry nodded her head and returned the smile, but couldn't hide the concern in her eyes. "Here's the spare key for the supply closet. When you find yourself with time on your hands, you can clean anytime you want. But if I hear that vacuum running at three in the morning..." Sherry got up and wrapped her arms around Chloe. "You don't have to clean, sweetie. You're allowed to come down here and just sit and chat if you want." Sherry felt so bad for her. She wished the stubborn man would give her a chance to explain and stop being so hard headed.

Chloe thanked her and took the key. She had to get out of Sherry's office because Matthew was due home any second. Her strong urge to go out to the parking lot to wait, and hopefully talk to him, was almost overwhelming. Keep walking, she chanted over and over again. Just as she was ready to climb the stairs, she saw Matthew out of the corner of her eye. She pretended to be looking for something in her bag and was surprised to see him stop and stare at her. After about three minutes, she climbed the stairs without letting him know she was aware of his presence. Matthew was still standing in the same place, watching her every step.

Matthew slammed the door when he got inside his apartment. Conner looked up with a questioning look. His son had been on edge ever since he broke up with Chloe, but he knew he'd just set Matthew off if he approached the subject. When he heard the cupboard slam shut, then the refrigerator door close loudly he couldn't take it anymore.

"What's wrong with you?"

"Nothing!"

"So you slam things around for no reason now?"

"Why is she still living here? I don't know why Sherry hasn't thrown her out."

"You saw Chloe I take it."

"Yeah, I saw her."

"Did she say anything?"

"I just stopped home to fix you some dinner, and then I'm going up to Cars for a beer."

"Matthew, you know you can talk to me, so I don't know why you insist on keeping everything bottled up."

Matthew heated up some soup and made a grilled cheese sandwich for his father without saying another word until he was walking out the door.

"I'll be back in a couple of hours."

Chloe was on her way to the store that evening to pick up some coffee and cleaning supplies for Sherry. She didn't even need to look over to see if Matthew's red pickup was sitting next to her at the traffic light, she could hear it. Out of the corner of her eye she saw him turn his head toward her, but Chloe kept facing straight ahead. Matthew revved his engine, and she pretended not to notice. When the light turned green she drove straight, obeying the speed limit. Matthew squealed his tires and turned the corner.

John sat at a table in the bar watching the ball game on television. He spotted Matthew come in, order a beer, and chug down almost the entire thing. John ordered a couple more and then waved his friend over.

"As ticked off as you've been, I can assume you're not celebrating. What happened?"

"Nothing."

"Here we go again, Matt. This is getting pretty old. It's okay to have a bad day now and then, but you're pissed off all the time. Your mood has Chloe written all over it."

"I want her out of the apartment. Everywhere I turn, there she is!"

"Talk to her."

"Look, I just came to relax. I don't want to talk about Chloe," growled Matthew through clenched teeth.

John just nodded his head and sat quietly. He knew if Matthew was left alone, he'd eventually spill what was in his head. Well, some of it, but if you read between the lines, you could usually get the full story. After Matthew finished his second beer, he stared blankly at the television screen. John hoped the silence would help, but it wasn't looking good. After watching him tie five straws in knots, shred a few napkins, and slam his phone down on the table, Matthew began to mumble. Then he got up and headed towards the door.

"Listen, I'm heading home, so why don't you check on your dad and then come downstairs to my apartment and hang out for a bit?"

He ignored John and left.

Matthew tossed and turned in bed. Just thinking about what Chloe had done made his face red and his temper flare. At three in the morning he got up, threw on his clothes, and then slipped quietly outside. The night was chilly, and a slight drizzle had begun. He turned to go back inside but found himself walking down to John's apartment instead. Matthew hesitated before knocking and checked his watch. It was way too late to be popping in. He turned to walk back home when the door opened.

"Sorry, man. Did I wake you up?"

"Come on in. I was just watching some re-runs. Can't seem to sleep." John held the door open and watched Matthew go to the fridge and grab a beer. His concern about his friend is what kept him from sleeping. The last thing he needed was to bail Matthew out of jail from plowing someone in the face. He'd never seen the guy this angry.

"I love her."

"I know you do. There's nothing wrong with trying to work things out. I think you're making a mistake."

"She paid my father's medical bills, did you know that?"

"If she didn't love you, she wouldn't have done it. You're assuming she lied to mock you."

"I was paying the bills just fine on the plan the hospital set up for me. She made me feel like crap. Incompetent."

"She didn't make you feel that way, Matt. You've held a low opinion of yourself ever since Josie decided to be a wench. I don't understand why Chloe has to suffer because of something she had nothing to do with. Let me ask you a question. If you two were married, would you let her help you then?"

Matthew picked at the bottle label. "I'm ticked off she lied to me. She tried to stoop to my level out of pity, that's what hurts the most. Can you imagine the audacity of someone pretending to be poor? That is mocking me."

"You wouldn't have gone near her if you knew how rich she was. You couldn't look past the money, Matt. Maybe it's time to swallow your pride and realize she helped you out of love."

"Love..." Matthew laughed, and out the door he went.

John glanced at the clock and was grateful it was Sunday.

He didn't feel like going back inside his apartment. The sound of oxygen hissing made him feel guilty. Matthew knew his father would feel better if he got the care he needed. He walked out to the parking lot, leaned against his old pickup, and looked over at the new red Chevy Silverado underneath the lights. If I ever see that fake salesman again, I'll break his jaw. I wonder how much humor they both got over me acting like an idiot. Memories of running down the hall yelling how he'd won came flooding back, making his face burn. I wish someone would set it on fire. But the old truck was on its last leg, and he feared that one day soon it'd break down and never start again. Then what? Matthew lost track of how long it'd been since he talked with Chloe. He missed her and hated her at the same time. He knew a relationship with that woman would mean being her project. She's probably told all her rich friends about how pathetic my life is, but my life was just fine until she showed up.

At seven in the morning, Matthew went back home, got his father situated and made his breakfast.

"Aren't you going to eat, son?"

"No, I have something to do real quick." Matthew opened up the checkbook and wrote out his first payment to Chloe for two hundred dollars. That was the amount the hospital agreed upon to pay off his father's bills. He wrote on the bottom, "Reimbursement for medical bills," and tore out a sheet of paper from a tablet and wrote a message. "I'll configure the interest and give you back every cent. We were doing just fine until you put your nose where it didn't belong." Matthew sealed the envelope and walked down to Sherry's office. She was just starting a pot of coffee.

"Good morning, sweetie. You're up early for a Sunday. Is everything okay?"

"Yeah, it's all good. Could you give this to Miss Burlington?"

"When are you going to stop this hate crusade you're on? I've gotten to know her, and she told me why she did what she did, and I believe her. You would too if you'd give her the time of day. Honestly, I love you dearly, but you're acting like a-"

"Just make sure she gets it. Thanks, Sherry, I appreciate your concern."

Sherry watched as he walked out of the office.

Chloe awoke to the sound of her phone ringing. She ran and grabbed it off the kitchen table, then hurried back to bed and under the blankets before answering it.

"Tell me you're not still sleeping at two in the afternoon."

"No, it's freezing outside. I was just taking a nap."

"Chloe, I'm on my way over. If you've allowed yourself to fall back into that sink hole..."

"I didn't! Look, Beck, I worked until twelve-thirty and then came home for lunch. I had a tuna salad sandwich and scarfed down two brownies. I'm fine. You know I sleep if I get cold. Cleaning the hall with people coming in and out of the door didn't make a very warm environment to work in. I ran in here to get warm and fell asleep. Seriously, stop worrying about me."

"Have you spoken with Matthew? Tell me you're still staying away from him."

"The only communication I've received is a nasty letter with a check enclosed, so he can start paying me back. Your plan isn't working."

"Give it time."

"It's been months, and I can't wait anymore. I'm going to make some lasagna from scratch and take it down the hall. Conner won't be expecting me so maybe he'll open the door. All I need is a chance, Becky. One lousy chance..."

"Uh, you're going to make it?"

"I found a recipe online. I'll get up early tomorrow morning and get my work done for Sherry, and then run home and start cooking. He'll love it."

"He will. One look at your beautiful face and he'll melt right on the spot." Becky didn't even believe that line. She cleared her schedule for tomorrow night, just in case she had to pull Chloe out of the pits of hell, again.

Chloe quickly finished her tasks at work and couldn't wait to get to the store. Her happy mood didn't escape Sherry.

"It's so nice to see you having such a good day, it's long past due."

"I'm going to cook dinner for Matthew and Conner. I need to drop it off while Conner's alone at the apartment, because he'll be more accepting, I think. If I can have the chance to explain to him, he'll help me with Matthew. I want you to take this key for the new truck. If his old one stops working he'll at least have access to transportation."

"I hope your dinner is a huge success, dear." Sherry took the truck key and put it in an envelope for Matthew.

"It has to work. The holidays are just around the corner and I want to make sure theirs isn't miserable. One chance is all I need. Even if Matthew continues to hate me, but Conner forgives me and accepts my help, I can live with that."

"You really aren't doing this just to get Matthew back."

"I would love to be with him. He's the one I was meant to be with, and no one could convince me otherwise. But I love him enough to trade. I'm willing to stay far away from him if it means I could help them have a better life. I'm sure he'll never forgive me for lying and being so deceitful, but I really did have good intentions. I screwed up, Sherry, and I have to pay the consequences."

Sherry would make sure she shoved the envelope under the Sharp's door.

Chloe wrote out her grocery list, threw her hair in a ponytail, called Becky, and then headed out the door. She couldn't wait to cook this dinner. If she was given the chance to talk with Conner, she'd be sure to leave Matthew out of the conversation as much as possible. They both had to believe she wasn't plotting to get Matthew to come back. Her words weren't going to have much clout, so she'd have to show them both. Beyond cooking the dinner, Chloe had no idea how she'd pull that off. One day at a time.

When she reached the big intersection, the light was green. Chloe was hoping it'd be red so she could stop and visualize Matthew being there. The driver in the large, speeding Blazer had the red light but didn't even bother to break, let alone stop.

The old blue Impala rolled twice before slamming into a telephone pole and coming to rest on its mangled side.

Chapter 9

Becky drove across the railroad tracks with a bouquet of assorted flowers, a bottle of red wine, and a box of cannoli. When Chloe told her about cooking the lasagna, she felt the need to help. Her friend would be scattered with nerves and would surely forget the small stuff. This was such an important evening for her best friend; a chance to be with someone she loved. She thought Chloe loved Edmund, but after witnessing her love for Matthew, Becky knew he was the one. She'd do anything to help give Chloe the life she more than deserved, more than paid for. Had she known how miserable Chloe was all these years, she would have yanked her from that house long ago. How it must have crushed Chloe to spend every moment of every day pretending she had loving parents, a great boyfriend, a happy life. Every time she thought about the whole picture, water filled her eyes.

Construction. Great. Becky sighed heavily and looked for a way to get around the traffic backup. Afraid to leave the main road and drive on unfamiliar, and probably dangerous, side streets, she decided to wait it out. The thoughts of leaving this road and getting lost were terrifying her. She saw some cars turning around which would definitely give her a chance to do the same; she just had to move up some. Twenty minutes passed and finally Becky could see an officer directing traffic. The closer she got, the more police cars, ambulances, and fire trucks came into view. No construction workers. Oh God, an accident. A bad one. Becky said a silent prayer as she waited her turn to be directed by the officer. Hopefully she wouldn't see any of the victims.

One of the vehicles came into view. Becky stared at the totaled SUV, which had a white tarp lying over the driver's side of the smashed front end. Someone died. Her whole body began to tremble at the thought of it all. She hoped it wasn't someone young, or a mother, or....The officer began blowing his whistle louder, his arm moving more urgently in the 'turn around' motion. Becky's hands gripped the steering wheel, her mouth opened....The officer began yelling louder. "Ma'am, turn around please!" Her fingers wrapped around the door handle, sweat was making them slip off. "Stay in your car and turn around. Now!" She flung open the door, knocking the officer back some.

"Nooooooo!!! No, no, no, no, NOOOOO!!!" Becky took off running and continued to run in midair as the officer wrapped his arms tightly around her, lifting her off the ground to hold her back. "Ma'am, they're getting ready to cut the victim out of the car. We don't know what kind of condition they're in. Do you know the driver?"

"Chloe! Chloe Burlington! Oh, God!!!"

Lois Shepherd fixed herself a warm cup of milk and sat down with the evening paper. Normally at this hour she'd be cleaning up the kitchen while talking to Chloe after their dinner. She missed that girl. Lois quietly laughed to herself at how they both managed to escape the estate. Even though she told Earl Burlington about the neglect his daughter was enduring, she doubted anything had changed. You either love someone enough to act decently on your own or you don't. The fact that she had to make the call in the first place was heartbreaking. Chloe was like a daughter to her, and she wished what any normal mother would wish for their child; happiness, love, and the freedom to be what she aspired to be. She checked the paper every day for updates about the Burlington's. It was the only way she'd ever find out if they cared enough to come home to their daughter.

The society page was filled with celebrities. What some people wear...Lois laughed loudly at the old actresses who still dressed like they were eighteen. Who could walk in those shoes?! She turned the page and looked at celebrity homes, some in foreclosure or for sale. Rich couples involved in divorce disputes were always splattered on the pages. The photographs of their children were the worst offense. Putting the face of a child out there for every sick pedophile....God, they got a picture of Chloe! Lois immediately felt her blood boil. Leave that child alone! She looked at the article for a reporter's name, someone to yell at over this. Bastards!

...Slowly, the paper dropped from her hands. With shaking legs, Lois held onto the armrests of the recliner while trying to stand. Bile rose to her mouth, adding a gurgling sound to her scream. The house suddenly seemed larger as she tried to make herself walk down the hall to the kitchen; it was taking forever. After dropping the phone three times while trying to dial, she could barely process the voice on the other end. "Hello, this is Chloe. Leave me a message and I'll call you back shortly."

"You call me right back, Chloe! You call me!!!"

Matthew walked in the door at seven in the evening feeling agitated and exhausted. There was an envelope sitting on the counter with his name on it. Ripping it open, he immediately recognized the new truck key. He shoved it in his pocket so he would remember to give it right back to Chloe. She's got a lot of nerve...Thinking about the truck fiasco really ticked him off, but it was the constant harping to forgive and forget that really sent him over the top. "You should talk to her...Give her a chance...She's only trying to help...She loves you...Matthew didn't have to be reminded of what he constantly struggled over. His pride was too big to admit he could use the financial help she tried to give. Men are supposed to take care of women, not the other way around. The anger he felt was eating him alive. The lies are what did it. If you love someone, you don't lie to them, especially about who the hell you are! He reached in the fridge and grabbed a beer before acknowledging his father. He loved the man more than anything, but also knew 'The Chloe' conversation was going to come soon. He better be ready for the repeated 'talk to her' argument, and a beer or two would help with that.

"Hey, Dad, how're you feeling? Are you hungry?"

Conner watched his son take the beer and sit on the sofa while he turned on the news. His clenched jaws were easy to see. Conner responded but doubted Matthew even heard him. He was watching his boy's life slowly fall apart and felt incredibly helpless.

"Yeah, I could eat a bite," he repeated. "There're some hotdogs in the fridge." Conner thought it best to keep the conversation light, no matter how bad he wanted to talk about what was eating at his son.

"Sounds good to me." Matthew got up and headed to the kitchen. He reached under the stove and pulled out a small pot to boil the hotdogs in, then searched around for something to go with it. Green beans. That'll work. "Green beans okay with you?" Matthew waited for a response before opening the can. No response came from the living room. "Dad, you want green beans?" Sometimes his father had trouble hearing. "Dad!" Matthew sat the can down and walked into the living room. He saw the shocked look on his father's face and his trembling finger pointing to the television screen.

Matthew stared at the screen. "No, there's got to be fifty Burlington's around...No, her hair's a little longer than that...It's not her...Chloe is a pretty common name. She was probably named after another Chloe Burlington. Do you want green beans?"

"Son-"

"Those'll go good with the hotdogs."

"Matthew-"

"You want iced tea or lemonade?"

"Come over to me, Matthew."

"I can run up to the store and buy a bag of chips. Those'll be good too."

Conner watched the tears begin to slide off his son's face and drip down the front of his shirt.

"Heck, I don't have to cook. I can run and pick up some burgers. You wanna watch a game show? Here, let's watch a game show while we eat."

Conner put the locks on the wheelchair and slowly stood as tall as he could. He opened his arms wide while his lower lip quivered. "Come to me, son."

...The strong roofer let out a low, guttural sound while taking five large, fast steps towards the loving open arms before him. Matthew's knees gave out and he slumped to the ground in front of his father's feet.

The officer sat Becky back on the ground but kept his arms wrapped around her so she wouldn't run. When the firemen began to cut away the metal, he pulled her into his chest and held the back of her head.

"What's your name, miss?"

"Becky. That's my best friend in there. Is she-"

"Don't look in that direction. I promise to let you know everything that's happening, okay?"

Becky kept her face turned away. The sounds of metal being cut and torn would stay in her mind forever. Please, God, please. The horrid sounds seemed to go on forever.

"They're putting her in the ambulance. Mercy is the closest trauma center, so they'll take her there. I can drive you as soon as I'm finished with my report."

Becky shoved him away from her, jumped in her Jaguar and revved up the engine. Throwing it in first gear, she squealed the tires and drove quickly on the shoulder of the road to get behind the ambulance. The siren was blaring. It ran red lights and so did Becky. When they pulled up at the emergency entrance, the driver quickly got out, ran to the back and opened the doors. Becky flew out of her car toward the driver but was stopped in her tracks by the view of Chloe's bloody body.

Matthew ran from the apartment without closing the door behind him. He went flying to his old pickup, and while reaching in his pocket, he felt the single key he meant to give back to Chloe. Without a second thought, he switched direction, jumped in the new Chevy, and sped to the hospital so fast he had a cramp in his calf muscle when he got out of the truck.

He found Becky inside of the ER, leaning against a wall with her face in her hands.

"Becky!"

She looked up and then fell into Matthew's arms. Loud voice commands were coming from a room near them. Doctors and nurses were running in and out with grim faces.

"She's alive but barely. I saw her. I saw all the blood. Her car was mangled and she was trapped in there. They cut her out of it and-"

"Shhh, slow down some. Come with me, Becky. Let's go sit over there and you can tell me what happened. I'm not going anywhere." Matthew wrapped his arm around her shoulders and led her to a bench by the nurse's station. He turned his body to face her and picked up her hands and held them. "Start from the beginning." Matthew didn't even bother to wipe the tear from his cheek.

"Chloe was going to cook dinner for you and your father today, so she was on her way to the grocery store to pick up the ingredients..."

"Why would she-"

"She thought she could get you to give her a chance to explain why she lied to you."

"Oh my God. She doesn't even know how madly in love with her I am! I have to tell her."

Becky placed her hand on Matthew's shoulder to stop him from getting up. "Chloe is strong. After getting through everything she's had to get through in her life, she's not about to die. She'll be okay. She has to be okay. She has to..."

Matthew looked up as Chloe's gurney was being pushed out of the room. The staff began practically running with it down the hall. He got up and ran down after it. A doctor was coming out of the room Chloe was in. Puddles of blood, bloody linen...Matthew gasped.

"Are you looking for someone?" asked the doctor as he pulled the door closed behind him.

"The woman who was in here...Chloe Burlington. Is she--" Matthew swallowed hard, unable to say the words.

"She's going to surgery. If you go straight down this hall you'll see a sign for the surgical waiting room. That's where the doctor will go to find you when there's news."

"Is she going to make it?"

"I hope so, but you should prepare yourself for the worst."

Lois walked into the hospital's main entrance and walked to the desk. An older woman looked up and smiled.

"May I help you?"

"Do you have a Miss Chloe Burlington admitted here?"

"Let me check."

Lois watched the woman pluck at keys on the computer. Please say no.

"Are you family?"

"I am. I'm her...aunt."

"Yes, she's in surgery. If you follow the signs to the surgical waiting room, you can get more information there."

Lois did as instructed. Her heart seemed to pound faster with each footstep she took. I should have called her and made her come home. As she stepped through the doorway, she saw Becky's tear-streaked face and the same young man she saw Chloe with in the parking lot in Detroit. He was holding her hand.

"Lois!" Becky got up and ran to the woman.

"Tell me it isn't so. Tell me, please!"

Becky and Lois embraced for a long time. Every time a doctor stepped in the lounge, they gripped each other tighter. When their emotions had settled some, Becky walked Lois over to Matthew. He stood up, not knowing what to say or do.

"You're the young man who loves our Chloe." Lois reached up and patted his cheek.

"Yes, that would be me. I just should have told her..."

Chapter 10

Becky walked out of the surgical intensive care unit with her head hung low, her face reddened from wiping away tears. She wanted to stay at Chloe's bedside, but the nurse escorted her out, saying she could visit again in a couple of hours. She knew Matthew and Lois would be sitting in the lounge on the edge of their seats, waiting for her to give them a report. There wasn't anything she could say that would bring them comfort. Becky stayed out in the hall for a few extra minutes trying to absorb it all. The doctor had stopped by while she was in the room, and what little she recalled from the conversation left her knowing it was as bad as her friend looked. Possible brain damage...might not wake up...hopefully she makes it through the next twenty-four hours...more surgeries to come...internal bleeding...The worst was when the doctor asked if she knew if Chloe wanted to be an organ donor. That's when the reality sunk in. Slowly she rounded the corner and went inside the lounge.

Matthew and Lois stood up and stared at her, neither wanting to ask.

"It's bad," began Becky. "It's really, really bad."

Matthew walked into Chloe's room after begging the nurses. They gave him permission to see her, but only for a couple of minutes. The hospital room was mostly glass so the nurses could keep watch over her, and he hoped they'd do their very best. He could've easily walked right by the small woman in the bed if the nurse hadn't escorted him to the correct room. Chloe was covered in bandages, her face cut up and unrecognizable. There were drains and tubes running from her chest, her abdomen, and her head. Matthew walked to the edge of the bed and wiped his eyes. Every part of her was swollen, cut, and severely bruised. He wanted to hold her, but was afraid to do so much as touch her hand.

"Hi, I'm Ellen, Chloe's nurse. I know this is difficult to see, but all her wounds are fresh. It's okay to hold her left hand, but her right one is broken. Touching will help her to know you're here and so will speaking to her in a soft voice." Ellen smiled and left the room.

Matthew cleared his throat and tried to keep his eyes from focusing on containers that had some blood in them.

"I love you. I need you to know that I love you more than anything. You get better for me. When you get out of here-when you come home, I'll-" What kind of promises could he make to her? What made him think that she'd even want him near her again? "I'm always going to be here for you, Chloe. I'm so sorry."

Matthew walked out of the room when his time was up. When Lois saw his face, she reached for his hand and held it for a while.

"She's a fighter, Matthew, don't you worry."

An officer walked in the room and asked to speak with Becky Lockhart.

"I'm Becky. Is this about Chloe Burlington's accident?"

"Yes, it is. I'm Detective Giles. How's she doing?"

"She's critical and we're very worried."

"You better keep the bastard behind bars," Matthew blurted out.

"It was a seventy-nine-year-old man. They think he had a heart attack before the accident. He was pronounced dead at the scene. I can understand your anger, sir."

"I'm sorry about my comment."

"It's expected in situations such as these. It's not easy to see your loved one suffer due to the hands of another. Becky, did you see anything? The officer at the scene got your name and the victim's identity, but you left before he could ask you any questions."

"I didn't see anything besides the mangled vehicles. It was horrible." Becky couldn't get the images from her mind no matter how hard she tried.

"Here's my card if you need to contact me. On the back is the case number for insurance purposes."

Becky thanked him and took the card. Insurance. Like insurance can fix this.

Matthew went downstairs to get some coffee for everyone. On the way to the elevator he saw John approach him in the lobby. Matthew set the coffee on a chair and shared an embrace with his best friend.

"Thank you so much for coming here. I needed to see my brother's face. And thanks for checking in on pops and handling the work crew. I owe ya big time."

"You have your hands full here, Matt. Don't worry about anything else. How is she?"

"You wouldn't recognize her. I think that tells the full story. She's on life support and they want to get her a little more stable to do some more surgeries. She's got a lot of broken bones and deep cuts. Her spleen was ruptured so they got that out when she came in. The bleeding in her brain has lessened so they might pull the tubes out of her head soon. Her lung was punctured too. Those old cars don't have air bags, so Chloe hit the steering wheel and, as bad as her face is injured, probably the windshield."

"She'll pull out of this, bro. Keep the faith. Are you taking care of yourself?"

"I have Becky and Lois here with me. Lois just left to go home, but we try to take care of each other. It's funny how after this happened, my world stopped. Nothing else seems to matter. Even though we weren't speaking at the apartment, I knew she was there. If I wasn't such an ass, she wouldn't be here. Did you know she was going to the store for stuff to make me and pops dinner when she was hit? She was hoping I'd give her the opportunity to explain why she lied to me. Had I of given her that chance when I first found out who she really was, she wouldn't be fighting for her life."

"You can't think that way, understand? Beating yourself up isn't helping anything. Stay strong, Matt. She'll come back."

"When she first came to our neighborhood, I told her it wasn't safe for her to be out at night. You know how rough it can get, especially for a female. So there she was, out in broad daylight, and nearly lost her life on the way to the grocery store."

John wanted to stay longer with Matthew but he had to hurry back to work. The crew wasn't complaining a bit about their boss being gone. They knew what was happening and were willing to pitch in any way they could.

Four days later, they took Chloe back into surgery to repair a small nick in her liver. The injury was so small they didn't see it at first, but her daily lab work and exhibiting symptoms made the doctors more than aware she was bleeding, and they got her right in. An orthopedic surgeon came in the operating room to help put Chloe's bones back together in her hand and internally align the broken bone in her leg so they could both heal without permanent disabilities. They would go back and repair some of the facial fractures when she was out of the woods, but she was a long way from that. Some of her other fractures would heal on their own, but the degree of pain she would suffer if they took her out of the medically induced coma would be too much to bear. The bleeding in her brain resolved itself without them having to open up her skull. Only time would tell of the quality of life Chloe would have, providing she lived long enough to find out.

Sylvia and Earl Burlington sat on their third flight back home to Michigan without saying a word to each other. Earl hadn't spoken to her in days, ever since the phone call from Lois. He'd been aware of his wife's snobby behavior since the day their daughter was born. But she was sweet and delicate when he first met Sylvia Desmond at a luncheon.

The restaurant he owned was a very lucrative business, catering to the wealthy in Chicago. Sylvia stayed after the gathering had ended and chatted with Earl. They continued speaking after Sylvia went back to Michigan, but their talks went from once every week or two, to daily calls. It didn't take long for the two to fall in love. Earl was the 'take charge' kind of guy, and she was a woman with a horrible, sad life. Her father's company, Desmond Enterprises, was very successful, but began to fail after Sylvia was born.

Samuel Desmond loved his daughter Sylvia when she was an infant, but couldn't handle his wife's mood swings and the constant crying from the baby. He began to drink, and the business, started by Samuel's father, began to crash. Jackie, Samuel's devoted wife, was overly used to the finer things in life. It didn't take her long to blame everything that was upside down in her world, her marriage and failing financial situation, on Sylvia. To help prevent Samuel from leaving her, she sent Sylvia to a strict, harsh boarding school, where she worked and lived until she turned eighteen.

She hadn't spoken to her parents since she was dropped off in Sister Gilbert's office. On her seventeenth birthday, the old nun coldly informed Sylvia of the news that her mother had passed away in her sleep. Samuel kept the business above water, but barely, and only sent the minimal amount to pay for Sylvia's stay. She had no memories of her father when she left the boarding school, and never grieved over the death of her mother. Both of her parents existed on paper only.

Then came Earl. He listened to her past and tried to comfort her the best way he could. She was eighteen, he was twenty. One evening after her twenty-first birthday, she gave Earl the news of her pregnancy. Being raised in a Catholic environment, termination wasn't an option. The last thing Sylvia wanted was a baby. She had absolutely no idea how to raise one, and had no experience with children in general. They got married in front of a judge, and she moved her meek belongings into Earl's modest apartment.

When Sylvia was six months pregnant, she was contacted by an attorney representing her father's estate. She had no idea she was an heir to the struggling Desmond Enterprises. She was given three hundred and fifty-thousand dollars, a beautiful home in Berkshire Estates, and two matching Mercedes, a month after her father's death. According to the death certificate, Samuel Desmond had died from a heart attack. Sylvia didn't know what to do with the company, but Earl flew with her back to Michigan and met with the officers and attorneys for the company. Being experienced in a successful business, Earl did what was best after seeing the potential of his wife's newly inherited company. He sold his restaurant and took over running the failing Desmond Enterprises. He spent his days and nights going through the papers and accounting records. There was so much corruption his head began to spin. One by one, the board was replaced, the accounting firm was fired, and Burlington Enterprises was born.

Sylvia was delighted with her new found friends in high places and her wealth. Before she realized it, she was even speaking differently. Sylvia thrived in all the attention, and loved how people treated her while she was pregnant. Earl hired staff for the house and a nice young woman to cook. Sylvia slept, shopped, complained, ordered people around, and always looked like a million bucks.

At three in the morning, baby Chloe woke Sylvia up with such horrible back labor that she insisted on having her tubes cut so she'd never go through that again. Besides, the baby girl wasn't even that cute. Her head was kind of pointed and her face a tad smashed. Sylvia had no intentions of walking around with a baby glued to her breast, and changing diapers wasn't exactly her thing. When the little bundle would cry or need changed, Sylvia was excellent at convincing her husband that her head was killing her. She did, however, feel well enough to call a photographer for a family picture, dress herself and the baby in designer clothes, and smile wide while she held her daughter in her arms.

Earl couldn't stay at home all the time. He'd already missed a few days in a row of work, and his wife wasn't quite cut out for motherhood. But he knew when the baby got a little older and could walk, talk, and not be so dependent, Sylvia would be all over her. But for now, he'd have to hire a nanny.

Lois Shepherd, the cook, had no children of her own but seemed to be the most personable and would even offer to hold the newborn when she wasn't in the kitchen. She was never officially hired as the nanny though. As a matter of fact, Lois hated the nannies who were employed. She tolerated the ones on night shift because she left between five and seven every night, and someone would have to be with the baby. But during the day, it was a job she took upon herself. No matter how much she tried to teach Sylvia, or encouraged her to hold her baby, the young mother wanted nothing to do with being a mom.

As Burlington Enterprises grew into a prosperous business, Earl decided it was time to expand further internationally. Because the company mined and sold precious metals, Earl spent a lot of the year flying to different parts of the world. It didn't take him long to discover how many countries needed schools, medical facilities, and clean water. Burlington became a household name rather quickly when his projects became public. When a large steel mill went defunct, Earl quickly bought it. Sylvia was livid over how much he spent. But he knew he had to spend money to make money, and his brain was flying with ideas. The cost of steel was hindering his ability to help those in need.

A year later, Earl met with his technology department. Laying his plans out for everyone to see, it was clear he'd found a less expensive and faster way to melt steel. His idea would save millions. The amazing machine was built the following year and sold all across the nation. Earl was on his way to take charge and make the world a better place.

Sylvia wasn't having any part of it. She couldn't make her husband stay home no matter how hard she tried. She knew Earl loved his daughter and wanted to build a wonderful empire for the future Burlington generations. Even though she desperately wanted him to stop traveling and working so much, she was unwilling to cut back on her luxurious lifestyle. Sylvia continued to spend, and Earl continued to travel. One day, she packed her bags and hopped on the plane right beside her husband.

At first it was just for a week or two here and there. But soon enough, Sylvia wasn't going home after traveling abroad to see Earl. It was okay though. She promised to spend the summers back in Michigan, all holidays, and one weekend per month. That happened until Chloe turned two, then slowly over the next couple years, the visits disappeared...But that was okay, too. She promised to call every day and talk with Chloe and would promptly fly home if she was needed. That rarely happened.

Sylvia hated being a mother. It was her biggest fear in life. She loved the idea of having a child and could even say she loved the little girl. But Sylvia had no idea how to bond. When Chloe began to treat Lois like the mother figure, she knew the best thing to do was keep away. Wasn't it better this way? As Chloe aged and realized that her mother wasn't coming home, she began to ask questions. Lois explained the best she could.

As Burlington Enterprises grew, so did the attention of the press. Photographers and reporters frequently hung around the estate. After Earl was contacted by his secretary regarding staff complaints at the house, he quickly installed a security system, gates, guards, and twenty-four hour surveillance at his home. The first kidnapping threat came when Chloe turned four. When Lois called Earl after phoning the police, Sylvia answered the phone. Lois demanded she come home to her child and protect her, and be a decent mother. Sylvia told her in no uncertain terms to ever call directly again. The office knew how to reach them after all.

Earl was informed of the threats, due to a police leak that ended up in the newspaper. He was furious, and also unaware that his wife had any knowledge of the crime. That was the beginning of Chloe's secluded life.

Sylvia and Earl had many arguments over their daughter's welfare. She made all kinds of promises but never kept them. When Chloe turned eighteen, Sylvia was more than sure a mother wasn't necessary. She turned out just fine after all. That didn't fly with her husband. A husband. Yes, that was the answer to all her problems. She needed to find her daughter a husband and get her out of that house.

The search began. She had Earl's secretary fax her a list of who was who in the social circle of wealthy families. She went through every name until she found a family with a rich son her daughter's age. It took her a couple of minutes to discover the Lauer's had attended one of their benefits. The first phone call was made, asking for a donation for a medical facility in Africa. Sylvia called a few weeks later to thank Mrs. Lauer for their one hundred thousand dollar check. After a long chat about family, fashion, and Chloe being single and of age, the ball was set in motion.

Twenty-one-year-old Edmund Lauer, with the skinny body and pinched face like his father's, showed up at the Burlington house to visit Chloe. After Earl investigated the young man and was assured that his daughter was safe, she was allowed to go on her first date to a very expensive restaurant, transported by a limo with two guards.

Earl and Sylvia flew home, and the engagement was arranged. Yes, Edmund was the one. Sylvia had a photographer come in to take a picture for that event too. Their flight left at four in the morning, and when Chloe got up to make breakfast for her parents, they were flying high above the Atlantic Ocean.

Becky walked out of Chloe's hospital room after a few minutes so Matthew could spend some time alone with her. The tubes in her head were gone, but all the loud, scary equipment remained connected to her. No matter how bad she was bruised, battered, and bandaged, he stayed by her side and never once thought of bailing. Becky had grown so fond of that roofer she first met in what seemed like years ago. They talked all the time. The more she learned about him and his love for her friend, the more she understood why Chloe went to extremes to help him and why her heart was so broken when they broke up. Matthew, Becky knew, was a keeper.

The loud sound of high heels clicking on the hospital tiles made her head turn in the opposite direction. A voice loudly filled the air the moment the heels stopped clicking. Becky would know that voice anywhere.

"I demand to speak with a doctor. My daughter was in an automobile accident. Page him immediately and let him know the Burlington's have arrived."

"Are you Chloe's parents?" asked the unit clerk, who was clearly intimidated.

"I don't have time for this. Get the doctor here." Sylvia tapped her manicured nails impatiently on the desk. She turned and twisted her face in the direction of a laundry bin in the hall and then straightened her suit and fluffed her hair.

Becky lost all reason. "Oh my God!" she yelled.

Matthew moved quickly out of the lounge and ran to Becky's side. Before he could ask any questions, the heels began clicking on the tile more quickly in Becky's direction, and he turned to look at the perfectly groomed, older couple.

Sylvia's face distorted in disgust again when she began to eye Matthew up and down, a disheveled looking man in her opinion. "Becky, my word, I had no idea you were with anyone..."

"This is Chloe's boyfriend, Sylvia. He's been here around the clock to sit at your daughter's side since her accident." Becky wanted her words to sting.

"Well I'll go take a look and see how bad it is. People can have quite an imagination when describing injuries when they're under stress. Hopefully I can find a doctor who doesn't like to keep people needlessly waiting."

Becky watched Sylvia saunter down the hall towards Chloe's room. When she walked inside, Becky hurried to stand in the doorway. The sickness she felt made her want to rip the woman to pieces. Sylvia glanced at the machines, looked momentarily in the direction of the bed, and never once touched her daughter.

Sylvia pushed past Becky and spoke over her shoulder as she walked away. "We'll have to call a plastic surgeon. Her face looks absolutely ruined!"

Matthew was losing the battle to remain cool, and Becky had already lost it.

"Her looks?!" Becky's fists clenched at her sides. "You should be concerned with her life!"

Sylvia didn't even flinch. She turned to Matthew. "What is your name, young man, and what family are you from?"

"My name is Matthew Sharp." Against every grain in his body, he offered his hand.

Sylvia glanced down at the large, calloused hand. "You look like an auto-mechanic. Please tell me my daughter can do better than this?"

Putting down Matthew was the last straw for Becky. "Get out! Just get the hell out of here and don't come back! We're her family! You showed up, not out of love, but because this horrible accident made the papers. You would have been mauled by the press had you not have flown here!"

"Chloe is our daughter, and we aren't going anywhere. Isn't that right, Earl?"

Earl ignored Sylvia and walked with his head hung low to his daughter's room.

"You've never had anything to do with Chloe. You've done nothing but crush her heart for twenty-four years! You don't belong here playing the role of a loving mother."

Matthew was afraid Becky would pound the woman to the ground. "I think Becky and I have everything under control. You're probably tired from the flight."

"What are you after, Matthew? Money? We can give you money if you just go away. You'll ruin her reputation, and her status will soon follow. You couldn't support our daughter, so it has to be money. Think of the children she would have with you. They'd be mongrels for God's sake."

The pleasantries left him instantly. Matthew took two steps before Becky grabbed him.

"Earl and I are exhausted from the plane ride, so we're going to head home and have Lois prepare us something. I need to shower and get cleaned up. Feel free to do the same, Matthew. Becky, darling, do call if Chloe wakes up. Hopefully they'll remove all those....tubes."

"It'll be a cold day in hell before I call you! You gave up your right to be her family!"

"Earl! Let's go, dear."

Earl stepped out of his daughter's room with tears glistening on his cheeks. "Go on, Sylvia, I'll call for a car."

"Yeah, go on home, Sylvia. Enjoy cooking your dinner. Lois walked out of that place long ago."

"What?!"

She smiled at her triumph, grabbed Matthew's hand, and walked towards Chloe's room.

Becky was warned about keeping her voice down on the unit. Sylvia, however, was asked to leave.

Chapter 11

"She was raised by that?"

"No, Matthew, Chloe was raised by nannies and Lois. Her parents never there. They traveled constantly, not even bothering to talk to her when they called, let alone visit. She's spent her life being held captive in that mansion. Anyone who stepped an inch inside her circle was investigated, even me. She wasn't allowed to freely leave the estate, she fled. If it wasn't for Lois, Chloe wouldn't be half the woman she is today."

"Why did she lie about it all?"

"She hid her reality from me, and I'm her best friend. My family is wonderful, my boyfriend is loving...I had everything Chloe wanted. She lied out of embarrassment. All along I knew her parents traveled all the time, but I believed they were still very much a part of her life. They weren't. Being abandoned by two people who're supposed to love you unconditionally, and being forced into an arranged engagement, broke her. Admitting something to another person makes it real, ya know? She knew if she told her truth it would make the wounds cut deeper. If you saw her on the street, you wouldn't know that Chloe is worth billions. She has a lot of stock in Burlington Enterprises, as well as a trust fund. That would make any other person ecstatic and willing to put up with any kind of treatment, but not her. She only wants to be loved for who she is. She doesn't buy expensive gifts for herself, but uses her wealth to help people who deserve it. I got a glimpse of that when she bought the Impala."

"Did she love me or just want to help me? I need to know."

"I thought Chloe was in love with Edmund. She pretended enough to fool even me. I guess you get used to creating a perfect life when you have to so desperately hide your real one. After she saw you on the roof, she was smitten."

"Smitten? What, with my looks?"

"Yeah, she was definitely attracted to you, but she was well aware that beauty's only skin deep. Edmund looked like a weasel, but Chloe didn't care about that. She hated him because he was mean and controlling. Her wealth and status was all he wanted...that and a beautiful woman on his arm. The day she met you is when I found out what was going on with everything in her life." Becky was silent for a few moments. She'll never forget the pain on Chloe's face that day at the pool.

"I tried to stop her from running out to the neighbor's to meet you. I'm guilty of seeing you as not being worthy based on your profession. I'm so incredibly sorry about that. This whole experience has changed me."

"She followed me to Detroit just to meet me?" Matthew grinned shyly.

"She wanted to meet someone on her own to see if she could have a chance at love. Chloe wanted to meet you that day, and felt awful when you left before she could introduce herself. I don't know the details, but Chloe ended up in Detroit. That's the night you both met. She started to fall for you the moment she learned of how you care for your father. She saw your heart, and that's all she needed."

"She wanted to help us out of love?"

"When you found out who she really was, she crumbled to nothing. There were a few times I was afraid to leave her side. She wasn't eating or drinking, and I had to force her out of bed. Chloe knew she lost you. That broke her heart. What hurt her the most was when you refused her help. Chloe wanted to be honest, but was afraid you'd want nothing to do with her, and then she wouldn't be able to help you."

"She tried to tell me. I wouldn't let her." Disgusted with himself, Matthew got up and walked into Chloe's room. Her father had left without saying a word to his daughter. How can they treat her like that? How could I have been such a pride-filled, arrogant ass? He walked in and kissed her bruised face. The swelling had gone down some, but she still didn't resemble the woman he knew. Her injuries are no comparison to the crushing blows she's endured her entire life, and I caused some of them.

Becky walked to the doorway and poked her head in. "Matthew? I've never gone this long without a shower in all my life. I'm going to drive home and get cleaned up and change my clothes. I'll be back in a couple hours."

"It's a long drive, Becky. Go on over to my apartment instead, and you can take a shower and make yourself at home. You'd probably feel more comfortable at Chloe's, but I don't have a key to her apartment anymore. In my top dresser are some t-shirts and sweats if you need a change of clothes. They'll be a little big but they're clean." Matthew paused when a painful thought came to him. "You wanna hear something totally pathetic? I was embarrassed when I found out an heiress was in my run-down apartment."

"Well I never in a million years would have taken you up on your offer before this. Thank you. I'll get your father whatever he needs while I'm there."

Matthew nodded and smiled, while watching Becky walk down the hall. She's good people. He realized that money doesn't mean you are or aren't a decent person. He looked down at the love of his life and gently placed his hand on top of hers. I promise we'll be alright. Come back to me.

Becky softly knocked on the door, and then put Matthew's key in the lock.

"Can I help you with something? How'd you get a key?" Conner reached for the phone.

"I'm Becky, Chloe's best friend. Matthew and I have been at the hospital around the clock, and to be honest, I'm starting to look and smell pretty gross. He said I could come here and shower and borrow a change of clothes. Is that okay?"

"Then that makes you family. Come on inside. The towels are under the sink."

"Can I do anything for you while I'm here? Do you need groceries or any cleaning done?"

"I'm kind of hungry, but I can have John fix me something when he gets home from work."

"You don't need to wait for John. I'm just as hungry as you are! What would you like?" Becky found herself feeling excited about helping this man.

"Is pizza okay with you? There's a grocery store a couple of miles from here. Next door is a little pizzeria, and they're not too expensive." Conner reached in his pocket.

"My treat, because I eat like a truck driver. I'll take a quick shower and be out the door in fifteen minutes."

Becky loved to smell like a girl. Washing her hair with shampoo that smelled like a man would never have entered her mind, even as a remote possibility before. There wasn't any beautifully scented conditioner either, but that was okay too. The ceiling paint was cracked, the tub was rust-stained, and not once did she feel like judging them, or her current surroundings. All she felt was warmth and gratitude.

Matthew's clothes were exactly where he said they were. She was surprised at how neat his room was. She threw on a pair of black sweats and a large t-shirt which came down to the top of her knees, and walked back out to the kitchen.

"Those don't look so bad."

"I've never worn something so comfortable in my life! I'm going now to get the pizza. Anything special you want on it?"

"I haven't had pizza in months. I usually only get cheese, it's cheaper, but I love all the toppings. Pick out your favorite."

"Be right back, Mr. Sharp."

"Conner, please."

Becky smiled and headed towards her Jaguar. She had to pull the sweats up when she walked so she wouldn't trip, but the string on the waist stopped them from sliding off her body. She never once felt embarrassed about the way she looked. The people in the parking lot turned to stare when she climbed in her expensive car. Glancing in the rearview mirror, Becky smiled at her plain face and messy hair.

Traffic was a steady flow on the way to the pizzeria. Without even thinking, she stopped at the red light where she saw Chloe's car lying mangled on its side. Becky took deep breaths and tried to stay focused. Luckily, the light soon turned green and she was able to continue driving.

The pizzeria didn't have any other customers inside. An older Italian man took her order. Four large supreme pizzas, breadsticks, soda, salad, and cinnamon bread was her first purchase. The one hundred dollar gift certificate to the pizzeria was the other.

"While you fix that, I'm going to run to the grocery store. I'll be back in a few."

"Give us thirty minutes."

Becky walked in, grabbed a cart, and started down the first aisle. She'd never grocery shopped on her own before in her life. Heck, she'd never stepped foot inside a small pizza place either. After the third aisle, she ran back down to the entrance, left her first cart with the manager, and then grabbed a new cart. She was having so much fun, but even better, Becky was helping Matthew and Conner. I'm covering for ya, chica. Hurry and get better. I'll take care of them, don't you worry.

Becky paid for the groceries and then purchased a five hundred dollar gift card to the store. When she got to the car, she realized there was no place to fit that many groceries, let alone the pizzas.

"Hey!" Becky waved to the cashier from the back of her car.

The cashier walked outside with a concerned look on her face. "Did I forget to bag something?"

"Do you guys deliver?"

"We can deliver groceries, but there's a fee."

"I'll pay double if these can be delivered right now. The driver can just follow me. Can I buy the service for a year for someone?"

"You sure can."

Becky had to make two trips to carry all the food from the pizzeria up to the apartment. Conner's face lit up.

"Aww, you didn't have to get all that food. How much was it? I can pay you back next week."

"Nope. No way, this is my treat. I'll put the groceries away for you."

"Groceries? I don't-"

The grocery delivery guy began carrying in the bags and setting them on the kitchen counter and stove top.

"Becky!"

"When you love someone-"

"You don't even know us."

"I love Chloe, and she loves you. Matthew has become like a brother to me. That makes us family, just like you said."

Conner's cheeks glowed red. "It's hard for me to accept help."

"Pride has caused so much destruction between us all. It's time for that to stop." Becky reached in her bag. "You have John deposit this tomorrow in your account. I won't take no for an answer." Becky wrote out a check to Conner Sharp for twenty-thousand dollars.

"That's a lot of money. Thank you for your offer but I can't accept this..."

"I spend that easily just shopping for clothes." She handed him the gift cards and wrote down the grocery store and pizzeria phone numbers." Both will deliver anything you need for free."

Conner took the check and reached up to wipe at a tear. Becky hurried and filled both their plates so he'd change his focus and not lose his composure and feel even worse. When they were done eating and the groceries were put away, she wrapped up the leftover slices and put some in the fridge and the rest in the freezer. She fixed up a big plate of food to take to the hospital for Matthew.

"You've been so kind, Becky..."

"Here's my number. You call me for anything you need...especially for company. I'll see you again soon, I promise." She bent down and kissed his stubble-covered cheek and then went out the door, never feeling so happy, worthy, and free in her entire life.

The doctor told Becky and Matthew that Chloe could come off the ventilator and that they'd be reversing the drug induced coma. He warned that she'd be in a lot of pain and was still facing another surgery, possibly more.

"That's great news, right? So she's out of the woods now?" Becky felt such an enormous relief.

"She could still develop infections and pneumonia. We'll also need to watch her for blood clots, but barring any of those things, she should do okay. Before we take her off the ventilator, I'd like to get Chloe back in surgery to fix her nose. She won't be able to breathe correctly if we don't. Her jaw fracture isn't as bad as we first thought. It's not dislocated and should heal properly. She won't be allowed to use it fully while it's healing though. Her hand has a few breaks, and her leg has a serious fracture as well. Those'll take longer. When her hand heals more, we'll remove the pins. Do you have any more questions?"

"When she's taken out of her coma, will she be able to talk? Will she be...the same?" Becky had to know what to expect in order to help her friend.

"We won't know all those answers until she wakes up. But in my opinion, there's no reason why she won't make a full recovery. It'll just take time. Take into consideration her jaw fracture when it comes to speaking. But she's mending nicely."

"Thank God," whispered Matthew.

The doctor booked Chloe for surgery the next morning. When she was taken from the room by the transporters, Matthew told Becky he needed to go home, see his dad, and get cleaned up.

"I can't have her seeing me looking this bad," he laughed.

"I'll stay here. Take your time, and if something happens I'll call you."

"I won't be any longer than a couple of hours. Don't let them take her off the ventilator and bring her out of the coma without me being by her side."

"I won't." Becky hugged Matthew and then watched him get on the elevator. Hopefully he wouldn't be angry over what she'd done. All he knew was that she bought some pizza. I'll know soon enough.

Matthew climbed in the Silverado and drove back to his apartment. His guilt was eating at him. All Chloe wanted to do was help him. There's no way his old pickup would have gotten him to the hospital without stalling several times. It wasn't safe to drive anymore and Chloe knew that. She went through all that trouble to get me a new truck, just so I'd be okay, and I threw her kindness in her face. She wasn't trying to impress me or rub my nose in her money; she wanted to catch me when I was clearly falling. He wasn't even getting a paycheck this week, and probably wouldn't be getting one next week, either. I don't know what I'm gonna do about money, but I have to be with her.

He pulled up at the apartments and walked into Sherry's office. It was nice to have one of her good cups of coffee. He was sure there was going to be a stack of bills in the mailbox, and he was right.

"How is she?" Sherry had been waiting to see Matthew so she could ask. The hospital wouldn't give her information and she didn't want to call and bother him. He had enough to deal with.

"Chloe's going to pull through. They're taking her off the ventilator this afternoon, but she has months of healing in front of her."

"Give my love to her, Matthew. Listen, if you can't make the full rent this month, just give what you can, okay?"

Matthew smiled and kissed her cheek. It wasn't exactly what he wanted to resort to doing, but if he had to, he would.

When he opened the door to his apartment, he was shocked. A big smoke cloud didn't come and hit him in the face.

"Howdy, Matthew, how's Chloe doing?"

"She's getting better. Pops, you're not smoking?"

"Down to four cigarettes a day. I'm feeling a lot better already. You and John have more than done your parts to take care of me, and it's about time I did my part to take care of myself."

Matthew walked over and hugged his father. "I'm proud of you."

"Are you hungry? There's leftover pizza in the freezer you can heat up, and Becky bought a lot of groceries and-"

"What??" Matthew walked to the kitchen to take some calming breaths.

"Oh no you don't! We need the help, son, and you know we do. Things are bad for us right now and it's not like we asked people to dig in their pockets. If anyone should be ashamed, it's me. I'm the one who got us into this mess in the first place."

Matthew paused before speaking. "It's okay, you're right; we need some help right now, and I don't have enough money to pay the bills this month. I've been at the hospital and haven't been working. Someday I'll find a way to repay everyone. Being too full of myself is what caused me and Chloe to break up and her to nearly die." He watched the shame start to grow across his father's face. "I love you. You took care of me my whole life. It's my turn now."

"Look..." Conner slid the check and gift cards over to Matthew. "You don't have to kill yourself trying to come up with money, and you can spend time with Chloe. She needs you there."

"This is too much, Dad, I can't accept this from her."

"She's family. She's just as sweet as Chloe. I tried to reject her offer too, but she wasn't having any part of it. Do you know that Becky didn't hesitate for one second when she wrote out the check, never even asked how much we needed."

"Yeah, the mold was broken when those two women were created. I don't know what I would have done if Becky hadn't been there with me. She's like the sister I never had."

Matthew sat the check back down on the table. "Ask John to stick this in the bank tomorrow. That way your oxygen will keep coming."

"My oxygen was paid for. Chloe not only paid off my medical debt, but a hundred grand was reserved for future medical expenses." Conner watched his son's face redden, and before he could say anything to calm him, he turned and left the room. I wish he'd just talk to me.

He stood in the hot shower letting the water run down his neck and back. Guilt gnawed at him even more. He'd have to find a way to pay her back every dime. Pay her back... How the hell am I supposed to do that? I have nothing to give to anyone. All I had to give Chloe was my love. That was enough for her, but I turned around and stole it back.

Matthew wrapped a towel around his waist and shaved, then walked in his room to get dressed. He smiled at the vision of Becky in his large clothes. The two richest women I've ever met have become the best women I've ever met. Matthew reached up on the top of his closet and took out a small box he'd had since he was little kid. Inside was three hundred and twenty-six dollars in a mix of crinkled up bills. He'd added a dollar here and there over the past six months in case there was an emergency. The last time he saved a few dollars up, it came in handy when he had to replace the starter on his pickup. He closed the lid and placed the box back on the top shelf, grabbed his wallet and keys, and went back out to the kitchen.

"I need to ask you something, Pops, before I head out the door." Matthew pulled up a chair next to Conner. It would be a conversation he never anticipated ever having.

Chapter 12

The doctor had taken Chloe off the ventilator after surgery and allowed her to come back out of anesthesia like a regular surgical patient. She was still very groggy when they brought her back to her room. Her eyes were swollen again, and a cast was on her nose. Becky and Matthew sat at her bedside, unsure of what to do.

"Has she spoken to anyone?" Matthew wanted to hold her hand but thought it best to let her rest.

"She woke up in recovery and spoke to the nurse there. They said she can't open her mouth very wide because of the jaw fracture, so speaking isn't going to be easy. She remembers almost everything and could answer questions. That's a great sign."

"So she remembers what an ass I was and how I nearly got her killed."

"Matthew, Chloe loves you, and you weren't responsible for what happened."

"That was how she felt before all this, Becky. She may wake up and tell me to get the hell out of here. I wouldn't blame her if she did."

"We all had lessons to learn. You were definitely a jerk, Matthew, but I was self-centered and judgmental. I'm not proud of how I was living my life. You wouldn't have bothered speaking to Chloe past "hello" if you knew she was wealthy, and when you found out, even though you already knew what her heart was like, you threw her away."

Matthew looked her in the eyes. "You're right. It hurts to hear you say those things about me, but you're absolutely right."

"And I wouldn't have had anything to do with you if I met you on the street. If you said hello to me, I wouldn't have acknowledged you. I'd have seen your dirty work clothes, unshaven face, calloused hands, and kept walking. I would've acted like Sylvia did, only less mean about it. But even so, I would have hurt your feelings and not understood why you were upset. Like, you should know your place in the world. There is no pecking order, Matthew. Chloe's accident made me think a lot. Spending all this time together with you, allowed me to meet one of the best guys I've ever known, including his father. Do you know I dressed down for the first time in my life, appeared in public without having my makeup and hair done, and didn't shower or change my clothes for a week? I wouldn't have been caught dead in public like that before. I know I love Chloe twenty times more than I did before, if that's even possible."

"What did you think of my dad? Our apartment isn't much, but its home."

"That's exactly it, Matthew. Home. I felt like I was at home. I hope you're not mad about the groceries and money. I saw your dad...you've both become family to me. If you came over to my house and saw that I was struggling, unable to keep up with bills, and saw my father go hungry, would you judge me? No, you wouldn't. Out of love, you would have put food on the table and gave him a few dollars to help out. You would have done it because your heart is huge, and you care."

"I would have done anything I could to help, without question."

"Matthew, that's what Chloe was doing. I helped, not because my heart was huge, but because I learned from her. I learned to be a better person, as did you."

When the nurse came in to examine Chloe, Becky and Matthew walked down to the lounge to call Lois and update her.

"They showed up, did they? I kind of figured they would have to make an appearance to avoid bad publicity."

"Sylvia's a monster, Lois. Earl sat quietly in Chloe's room for a few minutes, and then he walked past us and said he was sorry and left. I don't think he was very happy with his wife."

"Earl's a sweet man, but he too should have been more involved with his daughter. Sylvia isn't really a monster, Becky. She acts like one to avoid rejection. Her mother rejected her, and there was no way she was going to go through that kind of sorrow again. When she would visit with her little girl, Chloe would treat me like the mother and Sylvia more like a distant relative. That was rejection in her eyes. She never bonded with Chloe because of her past."

"I thought I was going to hit her. She treated Matthew like dirt. Do you know she hasn't called to even check on her daughter?"

"All I know is peace has to be made in that family."

Earl Burlington walked through the parking lot in the rain. When he reached the hospital entrance, the doors opened but he couldn't bring himself to step inside. He'd rehearsed in his head, over and over again, what he would say to his daughter. In the end, it just wasn't good enough. I'm a stranger to her. Earl walked in the rain back to his car.

Chloe was stable so the doctor had her moved to a surgical floor. Becky and Matthew walked behind the transporters but stayed in the lobby until the nurses were done getting her situated. The room would allow one cot, so between the two of them they decided it was best if Becky stayed. Chloe fell right back to sleep when the nurses left, so Matthew went home, but promised to come back up after work the next day.

"Give her a kiss for me. I wish I could have talked to her before I left."

"I don't think I'll mention you if she wakes up. She'd get really nervous waiting for you to arrive, and I don't think that would be good. It's best if you come over after work and give her that kiss yourself." Becky hugged Matthew and held onto him for a few moments longer. "Thank you for loving her."

Matthew kissed Becky's cheek and drove home. John was at the apartment helping Conner get settled for the night when he walked in.

"Matt, how's Chloe?"

"They moved her to a regular room, but I didn't get a chance stay there long. She's pretty tired. Tomorrow after work I'll spend some time with her."

"You don't have to come back to work until you're ready. I got everything covered there, and here with your dad," said John as he pulled out a roll of cash.

"What's this for?"

"Your pay from this week."

"Keep it, bro. I didn't work, you did. I'm not taking your money."

"If you don't take it, I'll just deposit it myself into your account."

"I'm okay, John."

"I worked hard doing two jobs. Not because I had to, but because I love ya and you're my brother. Someday I might find myself in a tight situation and unable to work. I know you'd pitch in and do for me what I couldn't do for myself. Take the money."

"Thanks, man. I owe you so much. You've taken care of me, my dad, the business...I don't know what I'd do without you."

"Hey speaking of which, your dad only smoked three cigs today."

"Unbelievable..."

Becky woke up when the lab tech came in to draw Chloe's blood.

"Ouch."

"I know, dear, I'll be done in just a second." The technician turned to Becky when she saw her start to sit up. "There's coffee in the nurse's lounge if you want some. You should hurry though, they'll suck that stuff up like crack heads gettin' a fix. Have a good day, ladies."

"Becky?" Chloe's voice sounded panicked.

"Hey, how do you feel?" Becky tried to keep her voice soft as she walked to Chloe's bedside.

"Like I was hit by a tank. My body is killing me, but I don't want to take pain medication and sleep, so I'm not exactly honest about how I feel."

"I was so worried...."

"I'm okay. Man my jaw hurts if I open it too much when I talk. Sorry for mumbling."

"I love you."

"Thanks for being here. I love you, too."

Becky wanted to tell her how Matthew had camped at her bedside, and how much he loves her, but he needed to take care of that himself. If Chloe asked about him, however, she wouldn't lie.

Chloe had been thinking about Matthew since she woke up after surgery. Conner and Sherry probably think I moved without saying a word. Matthew has to be elated over not seeing me. I bet I was fired from my job and kicked out of my apartment. She wondered if her parents knew, if they even cared.

"What's on your mind? You look so worried." Becky took a warm, wet cloth and gently wiped her mouth.

"Have you heard from Lois? I should have been keeping in touch with her, but I didn't want to have to lie." She wanted to ask about Matthew, her parents...so many things, but didn't feel up to bad news.

"Lois has been here off and on. She came right away when she heard about the accident. I've been calling to give her updates, and she calls me to check in."

"She's not angry with me?"

"Not one little bit. She's just thankful you're alive."

"Do you know how I was hit and who hit me at that intersection?"

"An older man had a heart attack and went through the light. They think he died before he hit you."

"That poor family..."

"Get some rest, sweetie, so your jaw doesn't get so sore. I can call Lois to come visit you this afternoon. She'll be so excited."

"I'd like that a lot. Thanks, Becky. I think I might need a little bit of medication after all. It even hurts to breathe."

"That's a good idea. While you take a nap, I'm going to run home and shower real quick."

"Why are you dressed like that?" Chloe grimaced in pain when she began to laugh.

"Oh, well the nurses had some clothes in a storage closet and they gave me some to borrow."

Becky promised to be back soon and then stopped by the desk and asked the nurse to bring Chloe some medicine. She had planned on stopping by Matthew's apartment to shower, but now she couldn't wear any of his clothes without risking Chloe recognizing them.

Matthew checked his watch and was excited to discover they'd finished up the job early. He hopped in his truck and drove home to get what he needed, clean up, and then visit Chloe. His father was taking a nap when he walked in the door, and still, the house remained fairly smoke free. He stopped by the office to update Sherry and then drove to a jewelry store on Eight Mile. He stood outside and waited to be buzzed in.

"Hello, can I help you find something?" asked a very well-dressed woman about his father's age.

"I would like to look at this ring. How much is it?"

"This is thirty-two hundred."

Matthew frowned and handed the ring back to her.

"Let's start out in your budget range. How much do want to spend?"

"I'd be willing to spend every dime I could get my hands on for this woman but, unfortunately, I only have about nine hundred bucks."

"Come over here with me. Does she like white or yellow gold? A diamond or plain band?"

"She doesn't really wear jewelry, and she hates gaudy looking things. Oh I think she'd like this one here."

The woman pulled out the dainty gold band with three tiny diamonds on it."

"This one's twelve hundred."

"Dang. Can you go lower? I'll do some work for you..."

She stared at Matthew for a long time, watching him turn the small ring around in his large hands. "She's a special one isn't she?"

"You have no idea."

"I've had this ring in the showcase for over a year. I'll tell you what. I'll sell it to you for nine hundred dollars, that way I'm not losing any money on it. And in the future, if you ever need to buy more jewelry, you'll come to me?"

"You bet. Thank you so much."

Matthew watched her polish up the ring and place it carefully in a beautiful, gray velvet box.

"If it needs resized, bring it on back."

Chloe was given soft food she didn't have to chew much, and even though it looked horrible, it was better than nothing. The staff at the hospital had been so nice. She'd make sure to do something special for them when she got out. Nurses really do work hard. Lois had stopped in briefly to visit, but didn't stay very long. She tried to keep the conversation on pleasant topics, but when the subject of her parents started to come up, she left and promised to come back the next day.

She wasn't as sore as she was yesterday, but that wasn't saying much. Her body went through hell. Chloe was told the pins in her hand could come out in another week, but after that short excitement, she was diagnosed with a bladder infection and placed on more antibiotics. It's always something...

Matthew walked into the hospital and took the elevator to the third floor. The entire time, he had to keep wiping his palms on his pant legs and felt the need to frequently clear his throat. What if she says no? Heck, she might even throw me out before I get a chance to ask. What was I thinking? I should have waited to buy a ring until after I found out if she hates me or not. But I want her. If she says no, I'll try again another day.

When the elevator stopped, Matthew turned the corner and went directly to the desk. "Excuse me, do you know if Chloe Burlington has any visitors?"

"No, I was just in there taking her vitals and she was alone."

Matthew thanked her and walked into Chloe's room. Before he could smile, Chloe's eyes got bigger and she attempted to sit up. That caused her to cry out in pain.

"Chloe, don't move. You can't sit up yet."

"...Why are you here? How do you know whether or not I can sit up?" God, I must look dead, that's why. Chloe brought her good hand up in an attempt to fix her hair, but it was fruitless. It doesn't matter, he can't stand me anyway.

"Chloe, about the money-"

Chloe began talking as fast as her jaw would allow. This would be her last opportunity to explain. If he walked out, he walked out, but at least he'd leave with the truth. "I'm sorry about all the lies, the fake contest, all of it. I wanted you to like me, but because you made rich girl comments right off the bat, I knew you'd already judged me. Look, I'm screwed up, my whole life has been screwed up, but that isn't your fault and I should have just risked it and been honest. But I wanted you to learn who I was inside. I fell in love with you really fast, I admit that, but I'm not very experienced with these kinds of things. Your dad, I love him too, and I wanted the both of you to have an easier life. I have money to share, it's not like I was trying to make you feel inadequate. I'm really sorry for hurting you. The day of the accident, I was going to make-"

"Chloe, stop. You're getting all worked up for no reason. You don't have to explain anything to me. I'm the one who needs to apologize. I'm sorry for putting you in a position where you felt like you couldn't be straight with me. You tried to explain about why you lied, and I wouldn't even listen. I judged you unfairly and acted like a tyrant. But not one day went by when I didn't think about you and miss you. I'm here, and I'm not going anywhere." Matthew walked to the edge of the bed and placed a slow, gentle kiss on her lips.

"You're not mad at me?"

"No, Chloe, I'm angry at myself. I feel responsible for your accident. I saw the news report after work that evening. I flew over here and never left until yesterday. Becky stayed here too. She's a really great girl, and I'm glad we had that time together, because I learned more about you, your life....and myself."

"Then you know about my parents. I lied about that as well." She wanted the earth to swallow her up.

"Yeah, I know all about them. I'm so sorry you were treated that way. Your mother's a real-"

"You met her? They were here?"

Matthew didn't know how much to tell her, or how many details he should include. "Yes, they came by but didn't stay very long."

"Did they fly back to Africa?"

"I'm not sure, they haven't kept in contact. I don't think your mother likes me very much."

"I bet she was vile towards you."

"It's okay, I've heard worse." Matthew laughed and kissed her again.

"Is your father okay? I hope Sherry hasn't fired me. Well, she should hire someone else even if she hasn't. I won't be working anytime soon. I liked my little apartment though. Do I still have it?"

"Sherry's aware of what happened and asks about you all the time. Chloe, you didn't have to work, but you took a job cleaning, of all things, just to be near me and to help Sherry. So you don't have any worries there, and your apartment is just fine. I'd like my key back so I can check on it."

"...Do you just want to be...friends?" Chloe felt her face flush.

"I don't kiss my friends like this." Matthew kissed her again, only a little longer. "I want to be with you forever. The next line I'm supposed to say is how I can't give you much. That's true, I can't, but I also know you're not interested in what material things someone can give to you. All you want is to love me, and for me to love you back. My dad, me, you, Becky, and John...we're all family, Chloe. And I'm never going to do anything to jeopardize that again." Matthew lifted the box from his pocket and opened it. "Marry me, Chloe. Marry me and I'll love you every day, with every grain of my being."

Chloe could hardly breathe. Tears of gratitude rolled off her cheeks when she blinked her eyes. She stared down at the most beautiful ring she'd ever seen, and nodded her head, yes.

He slipped the ring on her finger and it, like the two of them, was a perfect fit.

Becky stopped by a department store and picked up a few outfits. She had no intentions of going back home and explaining everything to her parents. She'd go over the weekend when Chloe no longer needed someone there as often. But right now she stayed more for herself then her friend. Had Chloe died, she'd be an empty shell for the rest of her life. She drove to Matthew's and knocked on the door.

"Who is it?"

"It's me, Becky."

"Let me unlock the door. Just one second."

Conner opened the door and watched as Becky's mouth hung open.

"You walked to the door?"

"I quit smoking, and it's amazing how much better my lungs are doing. I only have two treatments a day now. I walk around for a bit, and when I get tired I rest."

"I'm so proud of you!" Becky wrapped her arms around the tall man and hugged him tightly.

"How's our girl?"

"Better. She still has a long road ahead of her, but she's making progress. Do you need me to pick anything up or clean while I'm here? I stopped and bought some clothes so I could change. Can I use your shower again?"

"Honey, you don't have to ask." Conner ruffled her hair and walked to the sofa to sit down. He'd been avoiding the wheelchair as much as possible.

"Thank you so much. I'll be out in a jiffy."

Becky took a quick shower and put on her new jeans, sweater, and sneakers on, and then sat beside Conner on the sofa.

"Have you spoken with Matthew?" Conner asked with a little hesitation.

"Not since last night. I'll see him after work though at the hospital. Do you want me to give him a message?"

"He asked me a question."

"About?"

Conner couldn't contain his smile any longer. "He asked me for my blessing to ask Chloe to marry him. I think today's going to be the happiest day of my life."

Chapter 13

Chloe asked the nurse to keep her blinds open. She knew it was getting chilly outside, but the sun was shining and she'd never felt so much joy in her life. I wish I could share this moment with my mom. Why would she just leave like that? It's not like she has to feed me or change a diaper. Maybe she thinks I'll ask her to take care of me when I'm discharged. If I tell her about engagement to Matthew and how I'm in my own apartment, then she couldn't think that.

The sadness on her friend's face was evident when Becky walked in the room. Matthew called her last night to tell her the great news, so she stopped and picked up a few surprises. Her excitement faded when she looked at Chloe though. I'll fix that.

A nurse helped Becky carried the large spring flower arrangement, balloons, chocolate cake, a bridal magazine, and a few other things to decorate Chloe's room.

"Oh my God!"

"Congratulations, you beautiful bride-to-be!"

"Get over here, my matron of honor!!!" Chloe wrapped her arm around Becky and held her as close as she could. "I can't believe you did this!"

"It's not every day my best friend gets engaged to someone she actually loves." Becky winked, and then bent down to stare at her friend's hand. "I think that ring is gorgeous, just like you."

Chloe was overly delighted, watching as Becky decorated her hospital room with such wonderful things. She'd never been celebrated like this in her entire life. The cake was delicious, and she couldn't wait for Matthew to come and see it all.

"I want to go with you to pick out your wedding dress, and give you something new, something borrowed, and something blue. Oh and we can't forget about a bridal sh-" Becky stopped. She knew the only people who would give a rat's behind were herself, Lois, and Sherry. "I hate big showers, so we'll have an intimate gathering and invite the men. Heck, we could make it a nice little party!"

"Do you think my mom would come if you called her?"

"I can call if you'd like." Becky was trying not to fall apart. This was just one more reason why she hated Sylvia.

"What's the worst she can say? No?" Chloe tried to make it not sound like a big deal.

"I'll call her this afternoon, how's that?"

Thank you for everything, Becky. I'm going to take a short nap before Matthew gets here." What she really needed was time alone.

"Okay, sweetie, I'll be back in a little while." Becky kissed her cheek, and then went outside away from the building. She wasn't sure how loud she was going to scream. Digging her cell phone out of her purse, she took a deep breath and called the Burlington's house phone."

"Burlington residence," answered a staff person.

"Could I speak with Sylvia? This is Becky, she knows who I am. Tell her I have some important news concerning her daughter."

Becky was placed on hold for fifteen minutes. She tried to use every single relaxation technique she could. She'd have to remain calm for her friend's sake.

"This is Sylvia. How can I help you today, Becky?"

"I wanted you to know that Chloe's awake and doing well. She got engaged yesterday to Matthew, and I wanted to know if you'd like to plan a bridal shower with me for her."

"Did a plastic surgeon fix her face yet? It's going to have hideous scars."

Becky continued to take deep, relaxing breaths. "Chloe asked about you and Earl, she'd like to see you both. You should stop by and look at her ring, it's really pretty."

"How much did he spend? A dollar?"

"I don't think the cost matters, Sylvia. She's really happy."

"I heard she lives in Detroit. Did she really move to that hellhole?"

"Would you like to plan a bridal shower with me? Chloe would love it if you were there. Maybe you could spend some time with her doing the things-"

"I'm not committing, Becky. I'm sure we'll fly out of here before then."

"I can call you back and find out your schedule. We won't have the shower until Chloe's healed up some."

"Of course, she can't very well show up in that condition, but I'll call you..." Sylvia hung up the phone.

When Matthew walked in to see Chloe, she was fast asleep. The nurse mentioned she was medicated twice this evening for pain, so he didn't want to disturb her. He sat by her bed until visiting hours ended, and then wrote her a note saying how much he loved her and placed it on her nightstand.

Over the next few weeks, the healing had really progressed. Chloe was sitting up in bed, and the pins had been removed from her hand. A cast was placed on her arm, but at least it was more comfortable. What she really wanted was to go home, but the doctor told her if she did, she'd need constant care. With a broken arm and leg on the same side of her body, it'd be impossible for her to get around. He promised to have a walking cast in place soon if her leg continued to heal nicely.

"Chloe, I know you're getting impatient, but your injuries from the accident were severe. To be honest, you're lucky to be alive. I'm glad you're feeling better, but if you do too much too fast, you'll cause damage, and some could be permanent."

"I'm just excited to live my life."

"I can understand that, but as your physician, I'm not going to jump the gun on anything. I'll let you go home only when you're healed up enough."

Becky walked in the room with a smile. The doctor left so the girls could visit. He knew Chloe's mood was being affected by her lengthy hospital stay, but there wasn't anything he could do. He had to keep her inpatient....he also had no idea what was really eating at Chloe.

"How are you?" Becky slid a chair up beside the bed.

"I'm okay. Did my mother call you back?"

"Not yet. But I don't want you worrying about your mother. She probably had an emergency or something."

"Yeah, you're probably right."

"Hey, would you like some hot chocolate? I was going to run downstairs and get us some."

"That sounds good. Maybe we can watch a couple of movies. I think there's a deck of cards...wait, I can't hold them. You'd be too free to cheat!" Chloe began to laugh and so did Becky. Both knew the laughter wasn't real.

Becky walked back outside of the hospital on her way down to the cafeteria. Once again, she had to take some deep breaths before making another call to Sylvia. This time, she only had to wait for ten minutes.

"I thought we agree that I'd call you, Becky."

"Look, she's your daughter. Would you please stop being like this? She's getting married, Sylvia, and you can't even manage to call to congratulate her or come to her shower? I'm even willing to plan the entire thing. I promise you won't have to do any work..." Becky listened to the dial tone. Or come see your child after she almost died.

Matthew hurried as fast as he could to get his work done, and on Sundays he picked up side jobs for extra money to pay for the wedding and a nice tuxedo. He'd have plenty of time to save, because Chloe didn't want to go down the aisle until she was cast free and could walk on her own. It broke his heart that her father wouldn't be around to give her away. To hell with him, she can use my dad, who loves her more than her own. Becky made him aware of Sylvia's behavior, and even though Chloe hadn't complained, they both knew it was tearing her up inside. Becky stopped bringing up the shower and decided it would be best to just surprise her. That way, she could be blamed for not including her Sylvia. She'd rather have her friend angry at her instead of watching Chloe's heart break by the knowledge of her own mother not caring and not wanting anything to do with her. The fact that Sylvia and Earl were still in Michigan made everything worse. The hospital was only a forty minute drive during rush hour.

When Chloe was given the news that she could go home in a week, Matthew got started on her apartment so it'd be clean and aired out before she got there. They planned a little party with Conner, Sherry, and John, but Matthew knew she'd instantly notice a couple of people missing.

"Becky, we have to at least try. No matter how much we want to throw those two in a lake of fire, we have to extend an invitation."

"I can't talk to her anymore."

"Do you want me to call?"

"Oh God, Matthew, she'd rip you apart."

"Yeah, and I really don't trust my mouth. Maybe I can call Earl."

"You can try. Don't get your hopes up, though."

When Matthew got home from work, he picked up the phone and dialed the number Becky wrote down on a piece of paper.

"Burlington residence."

"Could I speak with Earl, please?"

"Your name, sir?"

"Matthew Sharp. I'm his future son-in-law."

Matthew waited for thirty minutes, then hung up and called back.

"Burlington residence."

"Yes, this is Matthew Sharp. I was waiting for Earl to come to the phone. Is he home?"

"I'm sorry, Mr. Sharp, I went into his study and gave him your message. Would you like me to let him know you're on the line?"

"Yes please, and thank you."

After another thirty minutes passed, Matthew hung up.

The morning of Chloe's discharge, the staff gave her a little celebration of their own. They had a huge card for her that everyone signed.

"Your face is healing nicely. You probably won't be scarring much. Regardless, you'll make a beautiful bride. You've been such a sweet patient, Chloe, and we're going to miss you. Take care of yourself and don't forget your follow-up appointments, and follow the doctor's discharge instructions to the tee."

"I will, Sandra. Thank you all for everything you've done for me."

Matthew pushed Chloe to the car in a wheelchair. She still had the cast on her arm, but her leg had a walking cast, and for that she was grateful. When they reached the hospital doors, Matthew went to get the car while Becky waited with her. Chloe held her face up to the sun and inhaled deeply.

"Becky, I've missed being outside!"

"Trust me, I've missed you being outside too, and I'm so happy you're discharged! I'm going to stay with you during the day until Matthew comes home from work."

"He lives with his father and has to be there to take care of him. I'll be okay, though. Besides, if I need anything, he's only four doors down."

"You haven't seen Conner lately..." Becky smiled at all the surprises she had coming.

Chloe laughed when she saw Matthew drive up in the big Chevy Silverado. "He really is driving it!"

"Yep, that's the only one he drives."

"This makes me so incredibly happy."

Matthew got out of the truck and opened the passenger door.

"Uh, how am I supposed to get in there?"

"Like this, sweetheart." Matthew picked her up in his arms, gently sat her in the seat, and buckled her in."

"Becky, do you want to ride with us?"

"Actually, I have to get home, but I'll be over bright and early." Becky kissed Chloe on the cheek and then walked around the corner to her Jaguar. Matthew knew to take the scenic route to get home, while Becky would be high tailing it on the expressway. Luckily there was very little traffic.

When she reached the apartment, she hid her car on the grass in the back of the building, which was Sherry's idea. Becky poked her head in the office. "She's on her way, let's go!"

Sherry shut off the coffee pot, gathered her purse, and hurried with Becky to the apartment. "That little angel is going to be so surprised!"

"I know right?!"

Matthew finally reached his neighborhood and kept checking around for Becky's car. God, I hope I gave her enough time. It was hard for him to keep a straight face, but he managed. He parked in his normal spot and then went around the side and lifted Chloe to the ground. When he shut the truck door, he put his arms underneath her legs and gently lifted her up.

"Thank you, but I can walk."

"Are you sure it's a good idea? There're stairs."

"Okay, I'll walk to the stairs, and then you can carry me."

"Deal." Matthew kissed her softly. It was difficult not to just claim her mouth, but Chloe's jaw was still healing. He'd never forgive himself for hurting her, even if it was on accident.

She took small steps while holding onto Matthew so she wouldn't have to put so much weight on her leg. When they reached the stairs, he slowly carried her up to her apartment door.

"You have to unlock the door, I don't have my key."

Matthew unlocked the door and slowly opened it. Chloe kept her eyes on the ground so she wouldn't trip and end up being admitted again.

"Where would you like to sit, love?"

"I'll go over there to the couch. On her way she lifted her eyes, and saw them all.

"Welcome home, Chloe!" shouted Matthew, Conner, Becky, Sherry, Lois, and John.

"Oh my God! You guys are sooo perfect!"

After all the hugs, Chloe was given her gift. They all pitched in and bought her a really nice recliner and a new cell phone. Conner got up from the chair, walked over, and wrapped her gently in his arms.

"Welcome home, Chloe. Welcome home."

"Conner, you're walking!"

"I quit smoking and I'm taking better care of myself. I walked down here and left the wheelchair at home."

"You walk better than me now. I'm so proud of you..."

Everyone had a great time and Chloe loved her presents and the surprise party, but the best gift of all was when Matthew escorted her to the bedroom and opened the closet door. Hanging neatly next to her things were Matthew's clothes.

Becky made sure that Chloe got to all her physical therapy appointments after the casts came off. She could move her fingers on her injured hand, but she'd have to work really hard to get them fully functioning. Luckily, she wasn't showing any signs of nerve damage. She managed pretty well on her own, although Becky and Lois stopped by to help out often. The only thing she couldn't do was drive. She was given the okay to get behind the wheel, but she was frightened. Matthew knew he had to help her work through her fears so she wouldn't end up being a prisoner in this home, too.

"Let's go car shopping, sweetheart."

"I don't want to drive, Matthew, so I don't need a car."

"Please?"

"Not right now, it's too soon."

He stopped trying to push her, but would mention it from time to time. She wasn't budging though, and that was worrying him.

One Saturday afternoon it was raining, so he couldn't work. Thumbing through the classifieds, Matthew saw a few nice cars that Chloe would like, and they'd be a lot safer.

"Look at these, Chloe. You want to ride over there and take a look?"

"I have a car and a Jeep at my parent's house, so we could go over and pick those up if you want, but I'm not driving either until I'm ready. Let me call and make sure it's still in the garage."

"Actually, I think I'll put a movie in and we can watch it together. It's pretty crappy outside anyway." The last thing he wanted to do was have Sylvia mistreat her on the phone, or come face to face with either of her parents. He'd take Becky over and she could pick up the Jeep. He'd rather Chloe drive that one anyway for safety. Matthew made a mental note to call Becky. But he knew she was just as ticked off as he was. Either way, he didn't see this ending well. There was still some time for things to improve, because the wedding wouldn't be for several months. One thing was for sure; he and Becky were running out of excuses to cover up her parent's neglect.

"Just go in there and ask the staff. You might as well try to get keys for both vehicles while you're there. Do you know if they're even home?"

"I don't know, Matthew. Sylvia stopped taking my calls."

"Should I come with you?"

"Do you think you can stop yourself from punching her in the face?"

Matthew hesitated.

"Wait in the car," said Becky as she patted his shoulder. "Wish me luck."

Becky knocked on the front door. A young woman on the staff opened the door.

"Can I help you?"

"Yes, I'm Chloe Burlington's friend and I'm here to pick up her two vehicles."

"Her vehicles? I don't understand."

"She has a red Jeep and a Mercedes in the garage."

"I'll have to ask Mrs. Burlington. Come in, please."

Becky stepped inside but never left the foyer. She pretty much grew up in this house, but it was so foreign to her now.

"Becky, why do you need Chloe's car?" Sylvia laughed.

"I'm here to pick up her Jeep too. Her other car was wrecked and she's still recuperating. I thought I'd pick them up for her before the roads got too bad."

"She only has one vehicle, the Mercedes we bought for her."

"Where's her Jeep?"

"I got rid of it. What kind of person with her status drives a Jeep, not to mention an older model?"

"Chloe loves that Jeep. When she bought it, it was new. I'd like her to have it back."

"It's gone I'm afraid..."

"You got rid of it?"

"Yes, I did. Becky, dear, my daughter isn't going to be driving a vehicle that totally lacks class, and she's not driving a Mercedes in...Detroit. Those thugs would do God knows what to her."

"You care, why?" Becky was done trying.

"Don't be silly, she's my daughter."

"You're pathetic, did you know that? You're a pathetic, angry, self-centered woman."

"I think this conversation is over, Rebecca."

"Yeah, I think you're right. I tried being nice to you for Chloe's sake, hoping you'd hate her less. You'll die an angry, old woman, Sylvia. And by the way, all your hard work at being the biggest bitch ever is doing nothing for your wrinkle lines..."

Chapter 14

Matthew and Chloe sat in front of the television after dinner. Chloe was feeling so much better, but still had a hard time with certain movements and got tired easily. The doctor told her the recovery process with someone who suffered injuries such as hers was long. Matthew had been very gentle with their love making, and even though things were getting back to normal, Chloe still wouldn't drive. He stopped talking about it and decided she'd get behind the wheel again when she was ready. Matthew turned on the news, and he couldn't have picked a worse time to do so.

"Mrs. Burlington, how is your daughter doing after her tragic accident?"

"As good as can be expected," Sylvia answered nervously.

"Have you spoken with her today? She's living at the estate, isn't she?"

"No, she isn't living here."

"Does she have permanent disfigurement or can she go back to a normal life?"

"I spoke with her a bit ago, and she's doing well. That'll be all for now." Sylvia stopped the interview and continued driving through the gates.

"She just lied like that?"

"Baby, I know it's hard..."

"It devastates me! How can you treat your own child that way? That's my house, which means they're home. I thought they were gone! Not one time, Matthew, not once did she call me! I could have used her to lean on many times in my life, and she was never there! Always out of the country...but now, now I find out she's home?!"

Matthew had no words to make it better. The truth was, her accusations were correct. He turned off the television and held her while she cried. When Chloe calmed down some, he excused himself saying he forgot to lock his truck. The moment Matthew walked outside, he called Becky.

"She knows. Chloe knows her mother's home."

"Let me guess, she saw her mother lie her butt off on camera?"

"Yeah and she's not doing very good. Care to come over and help me cheer her up?"

"On my way."

By the time Becky arrived, Chloe had stopped crying and was just getting out of the shower. She acted cheerful, but it was very evident it was just that. Acting.

"Come on, love, we're getting out of here."

"I don't want to go anywhere, Becky, it's six-thirty."

"I didn't ask. Let's go."

Chloe rolled her eyes but did what Becky told her to. She knew better than to argue with her when she spoke like this.

"Where are we going?"

"It's a surprise. Come on."

Chloe climbed in the Jaguar, the car she'd been in a hundred times with Becky, and her heart started to race. She wasn't afraid of the speed, or her friend's driving skills. Intersections with traffic lights scared the heck out of her. Becky read her body language, facial expressions, and was well aware of the little things Chloe did when she got nervous, like playing with her clothing. But still, Becky drove for half an hour.

"Seriously, where are we going?"

"Right here." Becky got out of the Jag, walked around to the passenger side and opened the door. "Hop out."

"Why?" asked Chloe as she got out of the car.

Becky climbed in the passenger side and closed the door. She rolled the window down and smiled. "Drive."

"I'm not driving your car."

"You've driven it many times. You're more than capable of handling a stick."

"I'm not ready for this..."

"Oh, you're not ready to go back out in the world, but you're ready to allow that accident to keep you hostage inside your home. Get in."

Chloe walked over to the driver's side and got behind the wheel. The engine was still humming. She made one last plea to her friend, which got her nowhere. Putting the car in first, Chloe headed up the dirt road. No other cars were around, and for that, she was relieved. After a few turns and going up other streets, she remembered how much fun driving Becky's car was.

"I saw my mom on the news this evening."

"Yeah, so did I. Turn here. How much did she crush you this time?"

"A lot. I wanted to explode."

"I wanted to kick my screen. Turn here and then keep going straight. It looked like the reporters caught her returning home from some place."

"I had no idea she was there. I wonder if my dad is."

"There's construction ahead so take the ramp. Your dad doesn't seem as mean as your mom. It's clear, you can get over. I always remembered him as being nice. Pass this truck. You didn't see much of him while you grew up, did you?"

"No he wasn't around. Lois was my parent."

"Chloe, just because someone has a kid, doesn't mean they should be a parent. I'm sorry to say this, but you got stuck in that kind of situation. Get off up here at the exit. Even though your mom and dad are the way they are right now, doesn't mean they'll always be. You have to find that fine line between acceptance and hope. Go down here."

"Wait we're going back to my apartment?"

"If you keep too much hope, you'll be let down constantly. If you stay angry, you'll destroy yourself."

"I can't help but feel the way I do."

"But if you accept the way they are and just live your life, no matter what happens, you'll be okay because you know you have people that'll do anything for you. Congratulations, love, you just made it through the intersection where you had your accident, and you're okay."

Chloe smiled and finished driving to her apartment while Becky turned up the radio. The girls sang at the top of their lungs.

"Your mother got rid of your Jeep, so shopping tomorrow with me to buy a new one?"

"Yeah, shopping tomorrow with you to buy a new one. But no Bob."

"No Bob."

Chloe drove in her new red Jeep with ease. The first several times behind the wheel, Becky rode with her. She wasn't even going to attempt driving to the grocery store alone. She was definitely more cautious about driving through green lights, and waited a little bit longer before leaving a red light, but she was enjoying being out of the apartment when she wanted. She'd begun picking up shifts for Sherry, and stopped by to say hello to her even when she wasn't working. Conner walked down to visit once in a while, and she liked bringing him lunch a few times a week, but everyone gathered around Chloe when the holidays came. Even though her small circle of friends were like family, they worried she wouldn't handle the season well.

The Burlington's had stayed in Michigan, not because of Sylvia, but Earl had refused to leave. He wasn't doing much of anything these days, especially communicating with his wife. Earl knew it was just a matter of time before his daughter came to ask him why. Talking to Sylvia about anything other than what she wanted was exhausting. When he told his wife he was thinking about retiring, and how nice it was to be home, and how they should call Chloe to come over for the holidays, she shut herself in the bedroom for three days.

Chloe had a pleasant time and joined in on all the many festivities that people planned for her, and they didn't argue anymore when Chloe spoiled them. For Christmas, she had a catering company deliver food for the staff at the hospital that cared for her. Everything seemed great. But it wasn't, and no one was more aware of that than Matthew. Chloe had to confront her parents, but a face to face meeting wasn't going to happen. Truth be told, she probably wasn't welcomed on the estate and would be stopped by the guards. He knew she couldn't handle any more rejection from them, so a letter seemed to be the best choice, and then she could stick it in the mail. All he could do was give her the suggestion and tell her why it would be good for her. Writing it would be up to Chloe.

When Matthew saw her start to spiral downward, he'd talk about the wedding and how beautiful she'd look. That always got her spirits up. They set a date for April and booked a church. Becky threw her a beautiful bridal shower, and all the guys attended too. The day after the shower, Chloe wouldn't get out of bed.

She had barely been sleeping. There were shower gifts still on the floor in boxes that should have been opened weeks ago, but she lacked the energy and desire to open them. At one point, Chloe was good at plastering on a fake smile, acting joyful and happy even when she wanted nothing more than to break down in tears. But ever since that blasted news report of her mother lying, she'd lost the ability to hide anything. The wedding shower was really nice, even with just a handful of people there. Chloe maintained her smile throughout that evening, but she lay awake in bed that night knowing her mother had chosen not to come. She overheard Matthew and Becky talking one day about how Becky invited her mother to the shower. The news report confirmed she was still in Michigan, which removed all excuses.

Chloe looked down at the writing tablet and pen that Matthew had left on the dresser. She knew she'd have no trouble writing her thoughts and feelings down in a letter to her parents, but there was no way in hell she could mail it. If she upset them with her words, they'd never come into her life. Not only that, but her mother wouldn't bother opening it, let alone reading it. If anything, she'd give it to the staff and ask for a quick summary, or have one of them respond to the letter. But she had to write it; not for her parents, but for herself. Chloe reached over on the nightstand and grabbed the box of tissues. Lying on her stomach with just the light coming in through the window, Chloe put the pen to the paper, and as the tears rolled down her cheeks, she wrote.

Matthew peeked in the door to check on Chloe, and without a sound he immediately closed the door and went back in the living room. From the look on her face, the wads of tissues, and the quick pace she was writing at, he knew she was composing the letter. When Chloe came out of the bedroom, her face was red, but she seemed to be carrying less emotional baggage on her small shoulders. He didn't bring up the letter, and neither did she.

"I'm kind of hungry. Do you want to order Chinese or something? Ask your dad if he'd like to join us. I haven't seen too much of him lately and I miss our visits."

"I bet he'd love it. We always order the same thing, so why don't you call, and after I bring Pops down here, I'll take off and pick it up."

"Thank you for suggesting I write that letter. I'm never going to mail it, but it helped me to put what was spinning around in my head down on paper."

"I love you, Chloe, and just know that you can tell me anything. You never have to be embarrassed or ashamed of your parent's behavior. They need some serious help. If you can't sleep and you have things on your mind, wake me up. If I'm at work, call me. I'm there for you, sweetheart."

Chloe kissed his mouth slowly and wrapped her arms around him. She knew Matthew would move mountains for her, and she wanted to share everything in her life with him. But the mere thought of telling him the raw, bitter truth of what her parents were making her feel, describing in detail everything that was stabbing her heart, was more than she could bear.

Spring was just around the corner, and Becky called Chloe almost daily to ask if she wanted to go look at gowns. The wedding was in four weeks and they'd done nothing to prepare. She brought over magazines and pointed to dresses that would look so cute on Chloe's delicate frame, but the only response she'd get was "That looks nice." Trying to get her friend to open up wasn't working. Finally, Becky went to a bridal shop and picked up six dresses and brought them over. She laid out each one, and after an hour of arguing, Chloe picked up a dress and tried it on.

"You look so gorgeous in that! Do you like it?"

"Sure. We can get this one." Chloe didn't even smile. She wanted Becky to take the dresses back to the store.

"Sweetie, this is your big day. You should wear the gown of your dreams, not just pick one to get it over with. Here, try on this."

"Let's just get the first one. It fits fine; we won't have to get it altered."

"Chloe, talk to me."

"Actually, I was going to go take a quick nap before Matthew comes home. Take my card out of my purse over there and buy it when you return the others." Without waiting for a response, she walked out of the room and closed her bedroom door.

Becky returned all the dresses to the store. She wanted to talk to Matthew while he was out of earshot of Chloe. After she handed the dresses to the sales lady, she went to the parking lot and sat in her car.

"I'm really worried about her, Matthew. The wedding is in less than a month, and she doesn't even have a gown picked out. She loves you to pieces, I know this for a fact, so you're not the cause. This has everything to do with her parents. A mother is supposed to be out shopping for a wedding gown with her daughter. A mother is supposed to be helping to plan the big day. Her mother is here, but missing all at the same time. I'd go shake the crap out of Sylvia, but the last thing the guards would allow is me back on her property. I'm trying to get her to talk about it. I know she's sad and everything, but is there something I don't know?"

"She wrote a letter to her parents but didn't want to mail it. I don't know what I'm going to do. Something has to happen though or there won't be a wedding, and I'm afraid there won't be a Chloe. She's very depressed. I've respected her privacy regarding that letter, but now I think it's best if I read it."

"Part of me wants to argue with you because she wanted that letter to be private. But I think it's time we found out."

"Can you get her out of the house?"

"Yeah, I can get her to leave, just as long as where we're going doesn't have anything to do with the wedding."

When Matthew got home, Chloe was gone. Becky convinced her to go to a bookstore and promised him to have her out until nine that evening. At first she wasn't going to go, but when Becky started to beg, she went just to get her to hush. Matthew didn't even shower or change first. He went right to the bedroom and opened up the tablet. He sighed in relief when he saw the letter sitting there. It would be just as difficult for him to read as it was for Chloe to write. He took a deep breath and sat down on the edge of the bed and began to read:

Dear Sylvia and Earl,

I feel funny calling you by your first names, but 'Mom and Dad' feels even more out of place. I don't think those titles are there to describe what someone is, but rather what they do. You're either a mom or dad, or you're not. It sounds complicated but it really isn't. I'm your biological daughter, which makes you my mother and father. But you're not my mom and dad. I'm sure you don't mind though, Sylvia. The few times I got to see you, you always asked me to call you by your first name in public. I guess it's okay, because we're strangers anyway since you abandoned me at birth, right? I'll try not to be angry while I write this, but I can't promise you anything.

I would like you to tell me what my favorite color is. What makes me laugh the most? What do I eat every morning for breakfast? What's my favorite food? When did I begin to ride a two-wheeler? What was my worst nightmare or best dream? What did I sleep with every night growing up? When was my last cold? What did I want to be when I grew up? What word could I never pronounce correctly? What was my favorite subject in school? Do I wear makeup? How much do I weigh? How tall am I? Did I sleep with a nightlight? What size shoe do I wear? WHAT'S BEEN GOING ON IN MY LIFE FOR TWENTY-FOUR YEARS?!?!

You know nothing about me, isn't that sad? When was the last time you called me or gave a damn? Who taught me to drive? WHAT HAPPENED IN MY ACCIDENT?!?! What were my injuries? Did I almost die? Was I afraid to get behind the wheel again? What kind of car was I driving? WHAT'S MY ADDRESS AND PHONE NUMBER?

What kind of parents think that money can replace being a mom or dad? Do you find me ugly or my personality despicable? Did I do or say something that led you to believe that material objects meant everything to me? I know I'm asking a lot of questions, but my guess is, you know the answers to none of them. Just like I don't have any answers. The most important question for me, however, is why? What did I do to be so unworthy in your eyes? Why was I less important than a trip, a job? Why would you talk to your associates more than you do your child? I bet you know what kind of flowers your secretary likes. What are my favorite flowers?

I managed to get by in life by lying. I lied so people wouldn't know that I was so horrible, even my parents didn't like me. The shame and humiliation you've made me endure all my life was too much for anyone to handle.

I fell in love. I knew you wouldn't approve of him right off the bat. The fact that you were so mean to him, Sylvia, proved me right. He stayed at my side while I was in the hospital. And you...did you touch me? Kiss me? Did it affect you at all seeing me so close to death? How about you, Earl, did you care? I love Matthew with all my heart. He's so good to me and loves me unconditionally. We're getting married in a month, and I haven't even shopped for my dress. That's something I was supposed to do with my mother. Becky invited you to my shower and you couldn't bother to show up? Why? Is it because it wasn't going to be a black tie affair in a room full of photographers? You shouldn't look down upon such a wonderful man like Matthew. You should be looking down on yourselves. I wanted my father to walk me down the aisle. But who is my father, anyway? What's your favorite color?

You busted my heart. You've done irreparable damage to me, and each time I think about the two of you, the knife just stabs in deeper, and I think about you all the time. Do you think about me? Do you miss me?

Regardless of all the things you've done, or refused to do, you're my parents and I love you. I just wish you were able to love me back. I'm really not that bad once you get to know me.

Matthew closed the notebook and picked up the phone. "Becky, it's me. I'll be gone when you bring Chloe back. I'll tell you about it later, but cover for me."

"Should I be worried?"

"No, but answer your phone if you get a call from the jail."

Chapter 15

Matthew tore out the letter and stuffed it in his pocket. He hopped in his truck and headed for the other side of the tracks, getting more ticked off with each mile he drove. He didn't even know what he was going to say or do, but he couldn't just sit back and watch the woman he loved wither away. The guards might try to stop him, or maybe Sylvia and Earl would refuse to answer the door. One way or another, he was getting inside that house.

Driving down the road along the Berkshire Estates, he glanced up at the roof he was working on the day he first saw Chloe. His heart softened and a wide smile spread across his face until he saw the big wrought-iron gate and guard post in front of the Burlington's mansion. Matthew slowed his truck down and watched as the guard stepped out of the booth.

"Can I help you, sir?"

"I'm here to see Earl and Sylvia Burlington."

"One moment, please."

The guard recorded his license plate number and checked his driver's license. He went back inside the booth and returned a couple of minutes later.

"Mr. Sharp, I'm sorry but the Burlington's aren't able to see guests this evening."

"Great." Matthew got out of the truck and walked to the intercom and pressed the button. "If you don't let me in and sit down and talk with me, I promise I'll go to the press, and then everyone is going to find out exactly how you both are. Don't test me."

The gates instantly opened. Matthew got back in his truck and drove up the long driveway. He knocked on the large front doors and waited. No one answered. He'd been at that house before and knew there was a side entrance by the pool. As soon as he stepped off the porch, the doors opened. Sylvia herself had answered them. She had to give the staff time to leave, because with Matthew's threats, she couldn't afford to have their conversation overheard. But the staff was already well aware of what went on under that roof; they'd seen the pain in Chloe's eyes over the years, especially during the holidays and her birthdays.

"Come in and have a seat, Matthew. It is Matthew, isn't it?

He noticed she had the same nervous look on her face that she wore during the interview on television. Matthew walked inside and followed her to a study, where Earl sat quietly in a chair. He had no desire to become friends with the two of them this evening. He was there to say what he needed to say, and they were going to listen. Matthew remained standing.

"I'm marrying your daughter and you don't even know me. Don't you think that's a bit odd? Your daughter is going to live with a man, forty minutes from your house, and you don't even know the guy. Does that picture seem off to you?"

Sylvia looked down at her hands resting in her lap, and Earl's shoulders began to slump.

"I've come here to read you something. Your daughter has been having a really hard time emotionally, and it has everything to do with the both of you. She wrote you a letter, but never had any intentions of ever letting you see it. Chloe doesn't know I'm here, but I didn't know what else I could do to help her, except by doing something to wake the both of you the hell up. I'm going to read, and you're going to listen. I can't hand it to you and have you read it. You'll just blow over every word that you don't like, and that'd be the whole thing. So I read, and you listen. That's how this is going to work."

Matthew unfolded the letter while Sylvia and Earl avoided having eye contact with him, or each other. He stood straight and read every word of Chloe's letter with as much feeling as he could muster. When he was finished, he folded it neatly back up and placed it in his pocket. Earl had glistening tears on his face, and Sylvia never lifted her chin to look at Matthew.

"How could you be so hurtful to her? All she wants is a mom and dad. She's the most remarkable woman I've ever met, and neither of you have a clue. She's breaking, and you don't even care. What was that crap you pulled at the hospital? Didn't any of that affect you in the least?"

"It's not what you think," began Sylvia as she lifted her face and looked Matthew in the eyes.

"Well why don't you explain it to me then, because I would move mountains for Chloe, so I'm not opposed to moving you either."

"I'm afraid of getting close to Chloe."

"How can you be afraid of her? What did she ever say or do to make you feel that way?"

"Because I'm a horrible mother and a horrible person." Sylvia knew she'd have to take off her armor after all these years. "Where I grew up, you didn't exactly learn the ways of the world. I didn't have parents or a family. I was dropped off as a child and forgotten about. I think I was psychologically afraid to ever get close to another person again. They rejected me, and I thought they did it because I was some kind of God awful person. I knew when my daughter got older, she'd see the same kind of person my parents did and wouldn't want me either. So I stayed away to avoid that. As her relationship with Lois grew, I saw that as my way out. I knew our cook would do a better job with her than I could. I'm just speaking the truth, Matthew, I'm not excusing my behavior."

"So you couldn't forget all about that and take care of your daughter when she got hurt?"

"I cry, but I do so in private. If I show others I'm vulnerable, I set myself up to be rejected. In reality, I did to Chloe what my parents did to me, and there's no excuse for that. The problem is, I want to be with my daughter more than you could imagine. I just don't know how to fix it. She'd never forgive me, and I can't expect her to. What would I say? Everything that came out of my mouth would seem pathetic."

"So you don't even try? Chloe was devastated, the word she used, when she saw you lying on the news. You haven't talked to her, yet you want the rest of the world to think you're this good mother. Then her bridal shower you were invited to...why didn't you bother coming to your own daughter's shower when you were just a few minutes away?"

"Because I've already ruined everything, Matthew. There's no hope for me at this point."

"Maybe she'd listen if you showed this side of yourself to her, instead of that nasty woman I met at the hospital."

"I act that way so no one will get close to me. That way I don't have to go through people not wanting me."

"Earl, are you going to just sit there? That's what you've done all of your daughter's life, isn't it?"

"No, Matthew. I did something worse. I traveled nonstop. I was more preoccupied with making a lot of money for my wife, Chloe, and her children, than I was with actually taking care of her. Lois seemed great with our daughter, and my wife wasn't being honest with me. But that's neither here nor there. I'm guilty of being an absent father. I want to have a relationship with my daughter like you wouldn't believe. But I don't know how to make all this better. I don't know if it's possible to make up for twenty-four years."

"So I'm a roofer, my clothes are always dirty, my boots are worn, I don't have any money, and I'll never be able to afford this kind of lifestyle for your daughter. But I love her more than life itself, and when she got in that accident I changed. I learned the hard way, that it's the simple things in life that matter, not the money you have, your prestige, or fame. I would die for that woman, and I've had to sit back and watch the both of you destroy her from the inside out. You did all that to her, put everything above her, abandoned her, and you put me down because of my status?"

"Matthew, I know how to give money, entertain, relate to the press, and surround myself with the finer things, and that's about it. I have no idea how to get close to my child."

"Here I stand trying to convince two grown adults to love their child, as if I'm supposed to tell you all the great qualities about her so you'll pick her. Shame on the both of you."

Matthew turned around and walked out, feeling nothing but anger and pity.

Chloe continued to sink more, and more, the closer it got to the wedding. Matthew tried everything he could think of and had a feeling that, when it came time for the wedding, he'd be unable to get her to the altar.

"Baby, aren't you going to pick out your dress?"

"Yeah, I'll get one. I think the vows to each other are what really matters, not my clothes."

"True, but I think you should call Becky and ask her to help you try on wedding gowns. She would love that."

"It's fine, Matthew, I'll find a gown."

"I have to call one of the guys on my crew. It might get kind of loud so I'll take it in the bedroom. Be right back." Matthew looked at her face as she stared blankly out the window.

He closed the door and dialed the number he had kept on a piece of paper in his wallet.

"Could I speak with Sylvia please, this is Matthew Sharp." He hoped she'd come to the phone and not ignore him.

"Hello, Matthew." She sounded like she'd either been crying or had a cold.

"Sylvia, your daughter needs to pick out a wedding gown. We're getting married in less than two weeks and she's so depressed, I feel like I'm losing her. She needs her mother to be there with her."

"Chloe wouldn't want to see me after the way I've mistreated her all her life. The best thing I can do is stay out of the way and let her be happy."

"That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. Get in your car and come to this address. Knock on the door and make it right with your daughter, and I don't care what you have to do or go through to accomplish that. I'm more than willing to bring you here myself, but trust me, that'll be the most unpleasant thing you'll ever go through." He hung up the phone while trying hard not to smash it. His temper cooled when he heard a soft knock on the bedroom door.

"Matthew, are you done with your call? I'm kind of tired and was thinking about taking a nap."

"Chloe, you're not tired, you're depressed, and you have been for a long time. I'm not letting you go to bed. It's one o'clock in the afternoon, so get your shoes on. We're going to go for a nice walk."

"I really don't feel like going outside."

Matthew pulled her into his arms and kissed the top of her head. "I love you, Chloe, with all my heart. But, you're going to get your shoes on and we're going outside. I can help you tie them if you want." Matthew held her for a long time just rubbing her back and gently kissing her neck and face. "Did you eat the sandwich I made for you?"

"No I'm not very hungry."

"Eat half of it so you keep your strength up." He took it out of the refrigerator and handed it to her. She took small bites, and he could tell she had no interest in swallowing it. It took her thirty minutes just to eat that one half.

When Chloe finished eating, she slowly walked to the closet and put on a pair of jeans, a sweatshirt, and her sneakers. The sky was overcast, which perfectly matched how she felt inside. She walked in the bathroom and began brushing her long blonde hair when she heard a knock on the door.

"Matthew, can you get the door please?"

There was another knock, so he went to the door and looked through the peep hole. He hid as fast as he could in the closet.

"Matthew, get the door for me." The knocking continued. Chloe sighed heavily and then went to answer it. She cracked the door enough to see who was in the hall. She just stood there staring at her mother's tear-streaked face. Sylvia wasn't wearing makeup, and her hair was pinned back. She had on a white shirt and a pair of jeans. Chloe couldn't ever remember seeing a picture of her mother dressing so casual. This was the last person she expected to see, and she didn't know what to say or do.

"Hi, Chloe, may I come in?"

Chloe began nervously fixing her hair and straightening her clothes. "I'm sorry, I wasn't expecting anyone. I don't look very good, and my apartment is kind of small. Matthew's here and you haven't had time to get to know him, but he's really nice. I have coffee. I can make you some coffee if you want. Do you like coffee?"

Matthew stood in the closet heartbroken while he listened to Chloe talk rapidly in a quivering voice.

"I'm not sure we have time for coffee."

"I know you're busy and won't be able to stay, but I can get you a bottle of water or something."

"No, Chloe, I said we, as in me and you. I'm not sure what time the bridal boutiques close, and I'd really love it if we could hang out and look at some dresses."

"You want to go with me?"

"If you don't mind, I think we'd have lots of fun, and besides, I have twenty-four years to catch up on. I'm sorry I was such a horrible mother, and for all the pain I've caused you. I can't erase my years of neglect, but I would love to have the opportunity to give you the time and love that you deserve from this moment forward. I want to get to know you. Your letter was a rude awakening, and I thank you for that. I can't promise you I'll be perfect, but I want you to promise me that if you have any questions or concerns, or if I screw up, you come and tell me. Do you think you would be willing to start over with me? We have lots of work to get done, so I'll be over every day. If we hurry, we can get everything completed. I'm so excited to go to this boutique. Chloe, they have the most beautiful gowns. I'd love to see you in them," Sylvia rambled.

"I can buy my own gown."

"This boutique has dresses in every price range, but whichever one you choose, I'd like to buy it for you. And shoes! We can't forget those. What size do you wear?"

"Stop it! Just stop it." Chloe fell to her knees.

Matthew opened the closet door, walked over and attempted to lift her to her feet. "Say what you need to say, baby."

"I can't! Where am I supposed to begin? Sylvia, you think you can show up here and I'm supposed to forgive you? Where the hell have you been all my life? You ruined me!!!" Chloe got up and slammed the door in her mother's face, and then let her body slide back down against Matthew's.

He sat on the floor beside her and held her in his arms.

"You gave her my letter! That was private, Matthew!"

"Give her a chance, Chloe. She did so many things wrong, but maybe she's sincere. I can't apologize for giving her your letter. I wasn't about to watch you continue to fall apart like you have been."

Chloe stood up, grabbed her purse and keys, ran out the door past Sylvia, and drove away as fast as she could. The longing to have her mother with her again was gone. She was filled with nothing but hurt and rage. Chloe resisted the urge to hit her on the way out the door.

"Matthew, what am I supposed to do?"

"You did this to her, Sylvia, you and your husband. All you can do is wait for her. After all, she waited for you for over two decades. The ball's in your court, and personally, I can't blame Chloe for her reaction." Matthew closed the door.

Chloe drove down the freeway, getting as far away from her mother as she could. When she could no longer see well enough to drive, she pulled over on the shoulder of the road and picked up her cell phone.

"Becky! Come get me! Please..."

"Oh God, sweetie, give me a location and I'll be on my way. Just sit where you are."

When Becky got to Chloe on the shoulder of the interstate she found her slumped over the wheel, bawling her eyes out. Her voice was hoarse from the gut-wrenching noises and broken sentences that came out of her mouth. She opened the passenger side, reached over and turned the flashers on, unbuckled her friend, and shut the Jeep off. All she could do after that was hold her. She didn't know exactly what was going on, but had an idea it had something to do with Matthew visiting Sylvia and Earl.

Twenty minutes later, Chloe lay fast asleep on Becky's shoulder. She quietly sent a text to Matthew. "I'm with her. Don't text or call right now." She picked up Chloe's phone from the cup holder and shut it off. Another hour passed, and Chloe finally lifted her head. She looked around at her surroundings, then at Becky.

"I'm sorry for making you come out here. Sylvia showed up at my apartment asking for forgiveness...told me she wants to start over. All she's doing is setting me up. I'll get hopeful and begin to trust her, and she'll leave again. She's doing this for herself, not me."

"I don't blame you for being ticked off and not trusting her, and I'm not going to tell you to give her a chance. Personally, I want to kick her butt, but that wouldn't solve anything. You need to allow yourself to feel everything you need to feel. If that means being pissed off, that's what it means. You have a right to feel that way."

"She told me she was sorry."

"Do you believe her?"

"I'm afraid to."

"You wanna stay at my place for a while?"

"I wrote my parents a letter that was supposed to stay private. Matthew gave it to them."

"He loves you so much, sweetie, he risked everything to make you better. Even if it meant you'd hate him, he was helping you, the same way you helped him. Don't fault him for that."

"The letter was for my eyes only, Becky."

"So was his account information. Come here."

Becky held her close, but Chloe had no more tears inside her. She was angry and exhausted.

"I think you have two options, love. You can cut your mother out of your life, or you can accept that she screwed up and that maybe you're worth a chance."

"Me? I didn't do anything wrong!"

"Maybe you're worth risking some pain at a chance to have a real mother. Are you worth the risk? For all you know, there might not be any pain at all. It might be one of the best things you've ever had happen to you."

Chloe sat in silence for a long while.

"I need to tell her some rules and not allow her to be close enough to hurt me again."

"You do this on your terms, Chloe. She's the one who has stuff to prove, not you, and I'll be with you every step of the way. If you want to go out with your mom, I can go with you. If she gets out of line, I can beat her up." Becky flexed her muscle.

Chloe laughed for the first time. "I think I should go to the house and talk to her. Maybe she'll let me in."

"You want me to drive?"

"Yeah, my mind's a million miles away right now."

Becky walked around the Jeep while Chloe climbed over the counsel. The girls didn't talk until they reached the gates. The guard waved and let them through.

"That was easy," mumbled Becky.

They parked in front of the mansion, and before they could step a foot on the ground, the front doors opened. It was Earl.

"You wanna leave?" asked Becky.

"No, we might as well get this over with."

Chloe approached Earl with a scowl on her face. Part of her wanted to run to him when she saw his eyes water, the other part wanted to take off.

When she walked onto the porch, Earl quickly grabbed her up in his arms. Chloe began to squirm and tried to him push away. The more she tried to resist, the more firm his embrace became.

"I'll be in the Jeep, Chloe. Take as much time as you need, but remember to ask yourself if you're worth it." Becky climbed in and closed the door.

"Come in so we can talk," whispered Earl.

"You want to talk? The only person I can talk to is this!" Chloe took off running upstairs to her room. She came back down a minute later. "Here, this is what I can talk to. This is where you and my mother have lived!" Chloe threw a scrapbook at him. Inside was every article she'd cut out of the newspaper.

Earl turned it over to face the cover and saw all the hearts his daughter had drawn on the cover. He sat down in a chair and began to slowly turn the pages. Each page was a picture of him or Sylvia. "Happy Father's Day, Dad," was written at the top with a photograph of him smiling for the cameras in Africa. "Happy Birthday, Chloe" was on another page with pictures of gifts she wanted and cut outs of families having birthday celebrations or parties with their children.

When Earl's sobbing became loud, Chloe turned and walked out to Becky. "Let's go."

They stayed silent for a few minutes while Chloe calmed herself down. She had to yell and cry to do so."Slow down, Becky, I need to think before I get home. I'm still really angry and I don't want to take it out on Matthew."

"...Do you remember your dad?"

"Not in person. His voice is even foreign to me. Why didn't they just give me up for adoption if they didn't want me or have time to raise a child?"

"There's nothing I can say to make what they did any better. But there is someone I'm going to take you to go see. Someone who's never lied to you, and who you don't have to explain anything to about why you feel the way you do."

Chapter 16

Becky pulled up in front of Lois' small house and knocked on the door. "Come on, Chloe, get out."

Chloe slowly got out of the Jeep, not knowing why she was brought to this house. When she was halfway up to the front steps, the door opened. She took off in a solid run, throwing herself at the strong woman who'd raised her.

"Lois!"

"Come in, girls, I've been waiting for this day." Lois smiled and closed the door behind them.

"Why aren't you at the mansion?"

"Honey, the only reason I was working there was for you. After you left, there wasn't a need for me."

"Oh my God, I feel so horrible. I never called you after I left, or asked how you were doing when I was in the hospital. I'm so sorry!"

"I knew you were living in Detroit, and when I saw you walking hand in hand with Matthew and that smile was stretched across your face, I knew you were happy."

"You followed me?"

"Actually, I followed Becky. But yes, I needed to check on you. After all those years at the house with you, Chloe, you became like my daughter. Just because you left, didn't mean my job was done."

"I need to talk to you, Lois. I'm so messed up right now, and I have questions only you can answer for me."

Lois took her by the hand and led her into a small, pretty living room. Becky followed behind, but gave the women their space. After the girls were seated, Lois put on a pot of water for tea and set up a tray with cookies she'd made.

Chloe's eyes roamed the room. The walls were painted a soft rose color, and the furniture was old but clean. There weren't any statues or expensive paintings, but adorning a wall were framed photographs of Chloe throughout her childhood. Sitting on a shelf were the dozens of projects she'd made for Lois over the years.

She returned with the tray of tea and cookies. "Here you go, drink some of this," she said as she poured the hot liquid in the cups.

"You kept this stuff..."

"Of course I did. They're my treasures. Do you remember the mess we made when you made those bowls and vases out of pottery clay?"

"Lois, I love you." Chloe got up and held the woman. The sobbing began and she couldn't make it stop. The older woman just stood there and let her cry as long as she needed to. Becky quietly wiped at her own eyes.

When Chloe sat down, she dried her face and took a deep breath. "I don't know where to begin..."

"How about I start then? I know your parents like the back of my hand, and of course, I know you. Everyone acts the way they do for a reason, Chloe, whether it's good or bad. Your parents come with a story of their own. It'll take me a bit, but I'd like for you to listen. I think you're upset and angry out of fear, and all fear comes from a lack of knowledge. I've taught you things all your life, and this is perhaps the greatest lesson."

Chloe sat facing Lois, and from time to time, the old cook would reach over and wipe away a tear off the young woman's face or squeeze her hand.

The story began on the day Lois was hired by the Burlington's, and how she fell in love with Sylvia's baby from the very start. Chloe listened intently and chuckled at some of her stories. They talked for over two hours, and when Lois was finished, Chloe found herself feeling pain in her heart for her mother.

"I feel bad that Sylvia had to go through all that and feel so hurt, but that didn't give her any reason to do it to me. Even though I went through what she did, I'd never even think about treating my child that way."

"You had me to teach you, Chloe. Your mother had no one. She had no knowledge so she lived in fear. Sylvia didn't know about love, trust, and bonding. All she knew was rejection. Afraid that your father would find someone else and reject her, she stayed by his side. She knew I was there to care for you and give you love, so she was at peace. Yes it was wrong, but she made sure you were going to be cared for first. Sylvia has a long road ahead of her to make amends for what she's done to you, but if she's willing to learn, you might want to think about teaching her, so she won't be too afraid to try."

"Will you come with me to pick out a wedding gown?"

"I would love to do that with you, but that's a mother's job. Every young bride-to-be should have a chance to have their mother walk with them through that process. Even though I love you like a mother, that's not who I am. Take it slow, Chloe, you don't have to get married in a week. Give your mom and dad a chance to treat you better, to get to know Matthew, to learn who you are. And if it doesn't work out, you can sleep comfortably at night because you'll know you did everything you could. I know you want them in your life, but they have a lot to prove to you first. Your father is retiring, did you know that? He's never leaving again and is in the process of trying to find someone to take over the business. He's doing it for you."

For five minutes Chloe remained silent as Becky drove back to the freeway to get her car, providing it was still there. She was always so protective of that vehicle until she found there were more important things in life. A car could easily be replaced, but not being at her best friend's side when she was needed wasn't an option.

The Jaguar was still sitting on the shoulder of the road, unharmed. Becky and Chloe said their goodbyes, with promises to talk again in the morning. Chloe had to get things right with Matthew and figure out how to handle Sylvia and her offer. She had no idea how to proceed with her dad, either.

When she pulled up into the dimly lit parking lot at her apartment, she spotted her mother standing beside her Cadillac, with her jacket wrapped tightly around her body. Her head was faced toward the ground, trying to keep the cold wind off her face. Chloe got out of her Jeep and walked slowly over to her.

"Why are you still here?"

"I wanted to talk to you. I never gave you a second of my time throughout your life, but there was no way I was going to leave from this place, seeing how much pain you were in and knowing I was the one who caused it. You can go inside if you want, but I'm more than willing to sit out here in my car, all night if I have to, until you're ready to talk."

"You waited outside your car for me this entire time?"

"Yes, and I'd do it all over again."

"I know about your childhood," Chloe blurted out.

"It wasn't nearly as bad as the one I created for you."

"Would you like to come inside where it's warm? I'm not sure what I'm going to do about all this, but you can't expect to show up out of the blue and be my mom."

"You're right. Thank you, and I'll take whatever relationship you can offer me."

This was the last person Chloe expected to see when she got home. She would have loved to talk to Matthew first, but hopefully he would understand. She briefly nodded her head in acknowledgement, and then slowly went up the stairs, Sylvia following closely behind.

When Matthew heard the key in the door, he knew it'd be Chloe, but was worried as to how she was doing. He wanted to call her many times, but knew Becky was right. Chloe had to have time to think without other people's influence. When he saw Sylvia walk in behind her, he was afraid to get his hopes up.

"Have a seat, Sylvia. Matthew, I need to talk with her, and I need you with me."

Matthew waited for Chloe to sit down, and then he joined her on the couch and held her hand.

"What do you expect from me?" Chloe looked Sylvia in the eyes.

"What I expect is for you to hate my guts, which I deserve, and what I'd like is for you to give me a chance. What do you expect of me?"

"I don't know. I think the best I can ever do is try and become friends with you and Earl."

"Thank you, Chloe. Is it okay if I call you, or stop over to visit?"

"I can't promise I'll want to talk or sit and visit. I have a lot to sort out, and you have to be willing to take baby steps with me. One thing's for sure, if you can't accept and be kind to Matthew, then we don't need to ever speak again."

"He's a very good man, Chloe. He'll be welcomed inside this family."

"I have to ask you this. Do you have intentions of leaving?"

"No, we're done traveling. Your father has found someone else to take over his projects in Africa, and he hasn't stepped back in the office since your accident."

Her mind immediately went back to her hospitalization. Even with what Lois told her, she still couldn't understand why a mother would stay away when her child is close to death. "I think I'm going to go to bed, Sylvia, I'm pretty tired. Matthew will walk you to your car. Goodnight."

Chloe stood up and watched as she left.

When Matthew came back inside, he just stood and stared at her. "I'm sorry for-"

"Come here."

Matthew walked over to her and felt her arms wrap around him.

Chloe looked him in the eyes. "I love you more than you'll ever know. You knew you needed to help, regardless of the consequences you'd get from me. You're one heck of an amazing guy. But I'm not marrying you in a week. I can't do something that big, with my world turned upside down. Can you understand and wait for me?"

"You know it, babe. You know I'd wait for you until the end of time."

Chloe lay in bed that night and listened to Matthew take deep breaths as he slept. Seeing her mother standing out in the cold, waiting for her to come home, wasn't something she thought Sylvia would ever do. Quietly she got out of bed, went into the living room, and called Lois.

"Chloe, is something wrong?"

"I know it's late, and I'm sorry I woke you up."

"Did you have a bad dream?"

Chloe chuckled at the thought of Lois still caring, after all these years, whether or not she had a bad dream. "I wanted to talk to you for a minute if that's okay?"

"What's on your mind, sweetie?"

"I came home tonight and found my mother standing out in the cold, in a crappy neighborhood I might add, waiting for me. I can't get that out of my head."

"I think she's serious. I've known that woman for a long time, and she's never done anything that desperate for anyone. That was her way of letting you know she wasn't going to run."

"What am I supposed to do?"

"Chloe, search your heart. You're a very good person, and I've never known you to let someone stay out in the cold for no reason. Think about what I said, and try to get some sleep. You'll figure out what it all means."

Chloe got up early and cancelled the reservations for the church. After downing her third cup of coffee, she picked up the phone and called her mother.

"Sylvia, I'm going out to look at dresses if you'd like to come along."

"Let me throw my shoes on and I'll be right there!"

"No, I'll come by and get you so this doesn't end up in the papers."

"Sweetie, even if we get followed by the bloodthirsty reporters, at least the pictures would be the truth. Can I come and pick you up?"

"No, I'll be there at eleven."

Chloe wrote a note for Matthew in case he decided to come home for lunch. She didn't want to worry him. Then she got on her shoes and went out the door. When she reached the estate, her father was walking around the yard. He looked up at her and began to walk over. She hadn't thought about this happening. She stayed in her car and tapped on the horn. Sylvia came outside, kissed Earl on the cheek, and then climbed in the Jeep.

"Hi, sweetie, would you like to go to that boutique?"

"Sure." Her brow furrowed the moment her mom arrived.

Chloe turned on the radio and drove to the bridal salon so there wouldn't be a bunch of dead silence. She knew Sylvia would try to chit-chat and that was the last thing she was interested in doing.

When they reached the boutique, her mother was the one who talked to the saleslady.

"Mrs. Burlington! It's so good to see you again! What can I do for you? We have a great line of new spring arrivals..."

"I'm not here for me, I'd like you to bring my daughter some bridal gowns to try on."

"Ooh, I didn't know you had a daughter."

The silence cut deep.

"I'll go get some dresses, Ms. Burlington, just have a seat right over there and I'll be right back."

Sylvia's cheeks were still burning and her eyes were watery when she turned to her daughter. "Chloe, I'm so sorry. We can go if you'd like."

"Baby steps, remember?"

Chloe tried on so many gowns, and just when she was ready to give up, the lady brought her one more. This one came in this morning. I just didn't get to the deliveries yet. Look!"

Chloe's mouth dropped. "Oh, that one's beautiful. May I?"

"Come on in here and I'll help you try it on."

Chloe stared at the most beautiful gown she's ever seen. The flowing Chiffon was layered and fell softly to the floor. The Diamente beading went over the thin straps on her shoulders and gently lined the gathering at the waist. The low back had lace cascading down to the ground into an elegant train. The veil matched the lace on the dress and the beading from the sleeves. It was perfect.

"Chloe, you look breathtaking!" Sylvia was trying to keep her emotions under control, but she failed. The urge to throw her arms around her daughter was overwhelming, but she remembered...baby steps.

"I'd like to buy this one, and I don't think it needs altered at all."

"What kind of shoes will you be wearing?"

"Ballerina type slippers would look cute I think." Chloe couldn't stop walking and twirling in the dress and veil. "What do you think, Beck-I mean, Sylvia?"

The awkward moments kept recurring. But it wasn't something Chloe could help. She'd done everything with her best friend and nothing with her mother.

"I love it, Chloe. You're the most beautiful bride I've ever seen. I got the veil I wore out of storage and had it cleaned up. It's at the house if want to try it on. It could be something old for you to wear. It's up to you though."

"I think I'll wear this veil, it matches my dress."

Chloe paid for her veil, gown, and shoes, and agreed to let her mother keep the dress at her house so Matthew wouldn't see it. She thanked Sylvia for coming with her, declined the lunch invitation, and then drove home.

That evening, she sat talking with Matthew who was ecstatic that she found a wedding dress.

"Do you want to set another date? I can call the church if you'd like."

"No, I don't think things are settled enough to get married. I asked your father to give me away, and Becky will stand up with me. Did you ask John?"

"Yeah, he about fell off the roof," laughed Matthew. "Would you like to have a reception?"

"We can have a small get-together in the park if the weather's nice."

"Whatever you want, sweetheart. I just can't wait to make you mine."

"I already am..." Chloe kissed him passionately with her whole mouth. He picked her up and carried her to the bedroom. They hadn't made love in quite a while. First it was because she needed time to mend from the accident, but now it was because of the zillion things that occupied her mind all the time. The last thing he was going to do was hurry her. He lay her down on the bed and cradled her with his body.

That Saturday, Chloe brought Becky over to Sylvia's house to show her the gown. When they walked in, they found her sitting on the sofa with the shades pulled. She was dressed in a pink suit, her hair softly brushed around her shoulders, and her purse was sitting on her lap.

"I'm sorry, Sylvia, I didn't realize you were busy."

"I wanted to wish you the best at your wedding. Would you mind if your father and I came to watch? We'll sit quietly in the back."

"You were sitting there waiting for me to invite you to my wedding?"

"We didn't want to be late in case you called and said we could go. Your wedding's in an hour so I'll step in the other room to give you privacy."

"God, I feel horrible. I cancelled the wedding but I'll be rescheduling it. There was too much going on for me to enjoy the big day. When I set a date, I'll let you know, and of course you can both come."

Chloe apologized again and then left with Becky.

"I feel like an idiot."

"First of all, you're not used to thinking about your parents with any events in your life, so don't blame yourself. I have to say, that was a very touching thing she did. I think Sylvia is really trying."

"I've waited for her longer than that. Look, it's only been a few days, so let's wait and see how it goes. The last thing I want to do is hop back in her life just to have her throw me out of it again."

Chloe turned twenty-five at the end of April, and Becky, along with Matthew, through her a surprise party. They invited Sylvia and Earl but didn't hold their breaths. As Conner, Sherry, John, Matthew, and Becky were laughing hard while trying to cut the cake, they heard a knock at the door. Chloe answered it, and standing before her was Sylvia, holding the most lopsided and poorly decorated cake she'd ever seen. Earl stood behind his wife with a smile on his face.

"Happy Birthday, Chloe," they both said in unison.

"Sylvia, that cake..."

"I know! I'm trying so hard to learn to cook, and this is the first cake I ever made. I can take it back to the car."

"Don't be silly! Come on in. Hey everyone, we got another cake to cut. It's chocolate, my favorite!"

Everyone treated Earl and Sylvia with kindness and included them in all the conversations and laughter. The smiles from everyone were genuine.

When the night ended, Chloe hugged everyone goodbye and thanked them. Sylvia and Earl were the last ones to leave. Matthew shook their hands while they stood in front of their daughter and smiled.

"Thank you very much. We had a lovely time. Happy Birthday, Chloe," and with a smile, they went out the door.

Matthew shut the door and took her into his arms. "Honey, they're trying hard."

"That was nice of her to bake me a cake," she said as she turned to wrap up the leftovers.

Matthew didn't say any more about it, because this was something she had to figure out on her own. You can't force someone to forgive another person.

Chloe stared down at the cake. The writing was crooked, but in many ways, it was the most beautiful thing she'd ever seen.

Chapter 17

Chloe called the church, but because spring and summer were popular wedding months they were booked up. She was pretty frustrated while she flipped through the yellow pages when the phone rang.

"I don't want to make you feel obligated or anything else, but our home is very beautiful, and I think the yard could be made up real nice for a wedding. You don't have to do it, but it'd be really wonderful to have something so happy take place here."

"Thank you, Sylvia, that's really nice. I'll talk to Matthew and see what he thinks. How long will you guys be in town? I'd feel kind of awkward holding my wedding at your house with you gone."

"Sweetheart, we aren't leaving. I know it's hard for you to believe that, but you made us both look at ourselves, and we hated what we saw. Chloe, I'm your mother, err your friend, and friends don't leave each other."

"I have to pick a date, I don't have one. Matthew said it didn't matter to him, but I want it to be special." Then it hit her. We first laid eyes on each other in June. I was by the pool, and he was on the neighbor's guest house laying shingles. Chloe hung up with her mother and called Matthew. He was thrilled with getting married at a place that held so much meaning between the two of them. She dialed her mom again and told her the great news.

"I love June." Sylvia smiled, and when she got off the phone, she started the plans in motion.

Chloe walked down to Conner's apartment to check on him and let him know the June wedding date, and he'd have to go with Matthew to get fitted for a tuxedo. She knocked softly on the door, and then let herself in. Sitting at the table talking were Conner and her father.

"Uh..."

"Chloe! Come on in, I was just having a cup of coffee with your father."

Earl stood up and walked over to her. He wrapped his arms around his daughter and held her to him. Chloe kept her arms to her sides, not knowing what to do. Finally, when she realized Earl wasn't going to let go, she put her arms around him and hugged him, then quickly let her arms fall away. Earl continued to hold her.

"You're marrying an amazing man, who has an amazing father. I'm proud of you."

"Thank you. I love them both, dearly."

"And I love you, Chloe. Maybe someday I can earn your forgiveness and be your father too. I'll let you guys visit; your mother wants me to help with the wedding arrangements."

Conner didn't look very thrilled. "If I'm walking you down the aisle, does that mean I have to wear a tux, too?" Chloe laughed and nodded her head yes.

Earl stared down at the ground and then quietly left.

Chloe spent her time being very busy and didn't even go home until wee hours on the day of the ceremony. The wedding was at one. Between helping Sylvia decorate, making sure the guys all had their tuxedos, and that the flowers would be ready, she was pulling her hair out. When she said her favorite flowers were orchids, Sylvia had them ordered in all different colors, and there would be tons of them. The wedding cake was chocolate, and the pool area would be made so beautiful, her mother had promised.

On the morning of the wedding, Chloe woke up and missed Matthew terribly. She made him stay at his father's, not wanting to be seen by him until she walked down the aisle. At eight in the morning, she grabbed some of her things and hurried downstairs to drive to her parents. It was hard for her to obey the speed limit on the long drive. She couldn't wait to become Matthew's wife. Never in her entire life did she ever dream she'd find such love and happiness. When she turned on her street, she could see some of the flowers, but the pool was hidden from the road.

"Congratulations, Ms. Burlington. Have a nice wedding."

"Thank you," said Chloe to the guards as they opened the gates. They were given strict instructions to keep the press away and would be bringing in more security before the ceremony. She let herself in through the front door, and tears immediately flowed out of her eyes. Hanging on the wall was a picture of her at her birthday party, and one of her kissing Matthew. Where did they get these? There was another large photograph of her and Becky hugging...They took these at the party. There were other photographs from the same evening, but not one of them contained her parents. The sadness she felt over that made it hard for her to swallow. She looked at all the beautiful decorations, and when she walked to the kitchen, there stood her mother and Lois making the food for the reception. She stopped to listen.

"She'll like it just fine, Mrs. Burlington."

"Please, Lois, you're family. Call me Sylvia. I just want it to be perfect for her. Taste this." She held a spoon up to Lois' mouth.

"I think you're getting yourself all worked up for nothing. Chloe's easy to please, and you want to be able to enjoy her wedding day. You're the mother of the bride after all."

"I wish I could be, but I'm happy to at least be her friend. I hope she likes what I did to decorate by the pool. Earl and I got up at four this morning to finish it up. The flowers are in the cooler, so we'll put the rest of those out around noon. We got the runner down and the chairs set up. The photographer will be here around noon to get ready."

"Sylvia, you invited the press?"

"No, this is actually someone I picked out of the phonebook. I gave a fake name. Chloe wants a small private ceremony and I intend to make sure that's what she gets."

Chloe walked upstairs to her bedroom and lay down on her back on the bed. She looked at all the stars Lois had stuck on her ceiling while she was growing up and afraid of the dark. The room was left exactly the way it was when she moved away from the estate. When she looked over on the dresser, she saw her mother's veil. It didn't match her dress as well as the other one, so she wouldn't be wearing it, but would keep it if it was given to her. She heard the door open and looked to see who it was.

"Oh, Chloe, I saw your Jeep outside and figured you'd be up here. How're you doing?" asked Earl, as he stepped inside her room.

"I'm okay. A little nervous I think."

"You wouldn't be a bride if you weren't nervous. Your mother was a wreck the day we got married. She ran around crazy trying to figure the whole thing out. We ended up in front of a judge. She didn't know the first thing about wedding gowns and such."

"Didn't she have friends to help her?"

"Not really. She knew people but they weren't what you'd call friends."

"She wore a wedding dress. There's her veil."

"Yes, that's it," he said with a warm smile. The gown was on sale so she grabbed it. It wasn't ugly by no means, but she missed out on all the things a new bride gets involved in."

"I want to ask you something. Was Sylvia always this way?"

"When I met your mother, she was lost. Her past damaged her, but I tried my hardest to mend what was broken, but truth be told, I couldn't. She seemed to be missing such a big thing in life, and it wasn't until after your accident that I found out what it was."

"What?"

"She was missing a connection with someone. Someone she could love who wouldn't leave her. She loved me, but I left. When you were born, she fell in love with you, but couldn't admit her feelings and make herself be vulnerable enough to risk heartache, so she left. When her parents didn't want her, she felt it was because she was unlovable...not worthy. Even though you were just a baby, she convinced herself that you'd grow up, get to know her, and then you'd leave too. She spent her life running to avoid being not good enough. Your mother's done running, Chloe, and I'm here to stay as well. Today you're opening your arms to accept Matthew as your husband. Maybe if you have a little extra to give, you can accept Sylvia as your mother. I'm a stranger to you, and that's no one's fault but my own, and I'll never ask to be your dad. I would love it if you'd let me, but I don't deserve that honor. If all I can be is your friend, I'll take it. But this is a happy day, so no sad eyes allowed. I can't wait to sit back in my chair and watch you, such a beautiful woman, walk down the aisle."

Chloe smiled as Earl pulled the door closed.

She fell asleep and didn't wake until Becky came running in the room.

"Get up! You're getting married in an hour and a half and you're not even showered. Get a move on!"

"Becky, you look gorgeous..."

Becky was wearing a pale peach dress that was similar to Chloe's in style, but didn't go all the way to the ground. Her hair was so cute, and of course she was wearing mega bucks in jewelry.

"I have something for you." Becky reached inside her bag and pulled out a box containing a tiny blue diamond necklace with matching earrings.

"Oh my God, these are so beautiful!"

"There's your something blue."

"Aww thank you, Beck." Chloe held her tight and kissed her cheek.

"Okay enough of this sappy stuff. Get your butt in the shower so I can get your hair and face done!"

Chloe knew better than to be insubordinate around her friend, so she took a quick shower and then sat in a chair while Becky got to work.

"Do you want your hair up or down?"

"Matthew loves my hair down, so I think I'll stick to that. Oh and put very little makeup on my face."

"Anything else?"

"No."

"You'll shush then and let me work my magic?"

"Yes, ma'am."

After Becky finished helping her best friend get ready, she went downstairs. Chloe opened up her door a crack and could hear violins playing and the sounds of Conner and Matthew laughing.

"Go out there, son, and don't make me tell you twice!"

Matthew laughed nervously. She finally heard his footsteps going out of the house. It was almost one, and Conner stood waiting patiently for the bride to come downstairs.

"Conner?"

"Hey, you about ready up there?"

"Conner, listen, I'm going to toss you a note so you don't have to walk up here." Chloe tossed the note down and then went back in her room.

Conner smiled and nodded while placing the note in his pocket.

When Chloe was ready, she lifted her dress and slowly walked down the large staircase. When she reached the bottom, she took a deep breath and walked out to the doors, which were standing wide open. Matthew looked at her and smiled as he tried to blink back tears. Chloe looked like an angel, the same angel he saw standing under the pool lights the night he fell in love with her, the most perfect woman in the world. Becky was already crying, while John nudged Matthew and smiled with approval.

She stepped on the runner and saw her mother holding a tissue and dabbing at her eyes. They sat quietly in the back row of chairs.

"My veil. You're wearing my veil..."

Chloe said not a word but held out her hand as her mother reached over and held hers back. Then with her other hand she reached out to her father and lifted his hand from his knee. She gently pulled, and they both rose. They stood before their daughter looking confused, but Chloe still said not a word. She slowly backed up, tugging at them to come with her. When all three were standing on the runner, Chloe looped her arms in both of theirs and, with the violins gently playing, she walked down the aisle. When she reached the altar the priest asked "Who giveth this woman to be joined to this man in holy matrimony?" Trying to hold back a sob, her father spoke proudly.

"Her mother and I."

The reception was indeed a grand party. Earl and Sylvia didn't want to add meaning to what Chloe did by allowing them to walk her down the aisle, so they didn't bring it up, but were happier than they'd ever been. They spent their first night as husband and wife in their little apartment they called home. Neither one wanted to be too far away from Conner in case something happened and he needed them. They spent the day lounging around, making love, cooking dinner together, and remembering all the great times, and the ones they learned from. It was nice to share the entire day feeling so happy together and no one else around to interrupt them.

The following morning, Earl came over to the apartment to visit. Chloe was happy to see him feeling at ease enough to just stop by for a visit.

"Matthew, my dad's here!"

He stepped out of the bathroom and shook his hand. "Have a seat. Can I get you anything to drink?"

"Actually I came to discuss something with the two of you. I'm retiring, and Chloe is the only heir to Burlington Enterprises. She could sell her shares if she wanted, or I could take you, Matthew, and train you to fill my shoes. There's a great staff in place so you wouldn't have to worry about much. I know you must be thinking you'd have to travel, but the project in Africa, even though it was a great thing, tore my family a part. You wouldn't have to go anyplace, really. There're plenty of people who could do the traveling for you. I'm done with it. I want to spend the rest of my days growing old with my wife and enjoying my daughter and grandchildren, if you two ever decide to grow your family. It'll be a lot of work, but I promise to train you well. You won't have to live at work the way I did."

"Wow, this is a lot to digest. I'll need some time to think about it and discuss it with Chloe."

"Take all the time you need, Matthew. With this company, you and your family, including your father, will never have to want for anything. Sylvia's waiting for me to go to the movies, so I'll take off. Stop by the house tomorrow evening for dinner if you'd like." As he left, he smiled brightly.

"Matthew, this is a great opportunity for you. I think you should take him up on his offer."

"I have my father's roofing business to run. I can't let that fall apart; it's the only accomplishment in his life, other than me, that he's proud of."

"Then I think you should talk to your dad and get his input."

The following morning, Matthew sat with his father at the kitchen table.

"Sell the business, son. It's been nothing but a thorn in your side since I got sick, and I really didn't do that great of a job setting the blasted thing up to begin with. There were things I wanted to do and felt I had plenty of time, but I didn't."

"I can't sell your business."

"Look, you're young, you just got married, and I'm hoping you'll have children soon. Having a seasonal job that keeps you working late hours, seven days a week, isn't what you need. You're not even able to make much money at it. We don't have the fancy equipment to speed things up, and hell, none of the guys who ever work for us are going to make enough money to support their family year round. I don't expect you to end up stuck in a failing business. Sell it."

"If I take this opportunity to run Burlington Enterprises, I won't have time to do roofing. So what am I supposed to do?"

"Then give the dang thing away! Stop worrying yourself about me and the roofing company. You've wasted so many years trying to make ends meet, and look where it's gotten you. You missed the years to go to school, not that I could have afforded to send you in the first place, but I would have killed myself trying. This is a lifetime opportunity. If you don't take it, I'll be really angry, and I know how much you hate that."

"What if I give it to John?" He's worked hard for us ever since he was sixteen."

"That'd be just fine. John's like a son to me, and growing up, you two boys were inseparable. Does he have a truck he can get his hands on? He'll need one to haul supplies around."

"I think so..."

Matthew sat staring at Chloe while she picked up a slice of pizza and took a bite.

"Honey, aren't you hungry? This stuff's great."

"I never thought I'd ever ask you for something like this, but I need you to play Santa. I know you love helping people, so I have an opportunity for you. My brother John needs some help."

"Oh my God, Matthew, of course! Is he okay?"

"In order to take over your father's business, I need to make sure my father's roofing company won't fold. I'd like to give it to John, but he doesn't have a truck. He lacks the equipment to compete with most roofing businesses, but at least with a good pickup, he can haul the materials."

"Are you busy tomorrow?"

"I don't have to be."

"Then tomorrow I want you to get up and go to work. Ask John to handle things, then come here and pick me up. We'll make his day!" Chloe was as happy as a clam.

"Do you have any clue how much I love you?"

Chloe stretched out her arms. "This much?"

"More...waaaay more."

Chapter 18

Matthew and the rest of the crew finished carrying the heavy boxes of shingles up on the roof. He waited until everyone was settled and working before he approached John.

"Why're you staring at me? You missed me last night, didn't ya?" John laughed.

"Yeah, man, you're a real keeper. I should have married you instead."

"Are you going to tell me what's up, or just stand there staring at my beauty?"

"I have to take off for a couple of hours. Can you keep things going for me until I get back?"

"You know it. Take your time."

Matthew climbed in his truck and headed back to Detroit to get Chloe. As he pulled into the parking lot, something occurred to him that he never paid much attention to before. There were no swing sets here like he'd seen by apartment complexes in the suburbs, no parks close by, and sometimes at night you can hear gunshots. This is no place to raise a family. He put the pickup in park and shut off the engine.

Chloe didn't even wait for Matthew to walk up to the apartment to get her. She came bounding down the stairs in such a great mood. The opportunity to help someone who truly deserved it had her practically dancing. She'd been watching out the window by the office door for her husband to pull up, and when he did, she ran out of the building.

"I'm ready!" She said while climbing in the truck.

Matthew laughed and leaned over to kiss her. "You're the cutest thing I've ever seen." He was so grateful her mood had lifted and things were finally falling into place. She got up each morning in a great mood and excited to start her day, which hadn't always been the case.

Chloe instantly started asking him a million questions about the roofing company and John. She had to get Matthew to talk as much as possible before sharing what she thought were the answers to a better life for the man she loved, his father, and his best friend. What he said and how he said them would help her know how to proceed.

"Why are you asking so many questions? I don't mind answering them, but you've been with John hundreds of times. You know pretty much everything about him and our roofing business." Matthew was starting to feel uneasy about the whole thing. Chloe loved to help people, so he didn't understand why she was acting so cautious, as if needing to see if he was worthy or not. "I hope you're not having second thoughts about helping the guy, because he desperately needs a new vehicle, Chloe. His car is in the same condition my old truck was in, and there's no way he can cram roofing supplies in that small car of his."

"John's a smart man, isn't he?"

"Very."

"Don't get mad at me when I say this, promise? Because I've been thinking about something since you left for work this morning."

"Sure, babe, just say it." Matthew was bracing himself for their first marital argument.

"Your dad was right." Chloe paused to see if he'd become defensive or not, because Matthew came home after his talk with his father in a foul mood, and listed all the reasons why he should keep Sharp Roofing above water, no matter what it took. When he remained quiet, she continued. "I think you have everyone's best interest at heart, but did you ever stop to think that John was doing that roofing work just to help you and your dad? Maybe he had his own dreams that he let fall by the wayside when he saw you couldn't reach yours. I think you should get rid of it. You can keep some mementos for your dad from the company, but a few things are happening here that aren't good for anyone. You're killing yourself to try and keep a company going, and that's hurting your father, and it isn't helping John. When your dad sees you come home from work after a long day, and having to pick up extra jobs everyplace just to put food on the table, it hurts him...shames him for making you get stuck in your life."

"But, Chloe, it's his. It's all he has."

"Sometimes we have to let go of things. It's not the work that's important to you, it's the business, and giving it to John is the same as getting rid of it. Keep something from Sharp Roofing, like the sign and legal documents that have your dad's signature on them, but don't plan any more jobs. We'll give the crew a nice severance pay, and then John can move on without having to make the decision to leave. He'll feel like he's abandoning you and your father if he quits."

"Do you really think John's been working all these years in our business just for me and pops? I mean, he's never complained."

"I think he wants more in life than living in a one bedroom apartment in the projects. I know I don't want to live in that neighborhood forever. If you stop the roofing business, we can spend time together getting a nice home built. As much as I love our apartment, it's not a safe place to raise a child, and when we move we're taking your dad with us. Maybe we can talk to Sherry about selling the building and moving to a safer place. I'd hate to leave her behind in a place that's getting more dangerous every day."

"You think she'd do that?"

"Have you asked her if she wants to do something different in life?"

"No, I never did. I've been talking to Sherry every morning and, on some days, more than that, and I never asked her what she wanted. I quit having dreams when I knew mine were no longer a reality."

"I guess I'm sensitive like that. People should know everything they can about the ones they care about. Talk to Sherry, Matthew, and then talk to John. But, you have to do the right thing for everyone and let go of roofing work."

"Baby, I never thought there was a way out for me. All these years I've watched my friends I graduated with go to college and become successful. I'm one of the few people who stayed in the projects. The guilt I felt about leaving my dad and his company behind was killing me. When he got sick, the reality of what my life would amount to was set in stone. But the way you've explained things makes perfect sense. My dad can still be proud of what he made, and a big cloud of despair can be lifted from him. You're a genius and you're beautiful. How did I get so lucky?"

At twelve-thirty, Matthew spotted the guys taking a break for lunch. He'd just gotten off the phone with his father-in-law about starting the new job and was still reeling with excitement over some of the things they discussed. He began beeping the horn as soon as he got close to the worksite. The new truck he was driving was the same as his own, only in black. John looked up and smiled when he saw his buddy's red pickup park out front, but the black truck laying on the horn was making him worried. Out of concern, he walked across the lawn to the street. He watched as Chloe stepped out from the red truck, and Matthew got out of the black one.

"Holy! You bought a second one? Nice!" John walked over and patted Matthew on the back.

"Here, catch." John caught the keys in the air.

"Hey, I'd love to take it for a ride, but I don't want to get it all dirty."

"Climb in a second."

John brushed himself off and then climbed in the driver's seat while Matthew held the door open.

"Me and you don't beat around the bush, so I'm just going to ask you."

"Shoot. This is nice by the way."

"Have you been working in the business because you couldn't find another job, or was it just to help out me and my dad?"

"I can find work, Matt, that wasn't the truth what I said before. I saw you struggling to make ends meet, and I had to help you. I figured we'd make it or fall on our faces, but either way, we'd do it together."

"I'm dumping the business."

"I never said I could find a job that fast!"

"I've been given an opportunity to take over Burlington Enterprises. I never dreamed that something like this would ever happen to me, and because you stuck by me during all my struggles, I want you by my side in all my successes. Earl is going to teach me everything I need to know, and I'd love to have a second in command to learn with me. I talked to Earl and the job's yours if you want it. Let's get a better life and get the hell out of Detroit, bro."

"Are you serious?"

"Very. We'll start in a couple of weeks. In the meantime, we're prepared to offer the crew nice severance checks right now and cancel any of our other jobs. We'll be done with it."

"I don't know what I'm going to do for two weeks. The guys will be okay, but I only have about four hundred saved up, and rent's due soon. We probably won't get paid for a couple weeks after we start, so I might be knocking on your door for a bite to eat!" John burst out laughing but he couldn't have been more serious.

"Thanks, man." Matthew hugged him close and then he went to Chloe. She reached up and kissed him before handing him the small stack of checks. He whispered his news to her and watched as she smiled wide.

He tried to keep a serious face as he approached his best friend. "Thank you for your incredible devotion, your friendship, and for helping me keep this business above water for my pops." Matthew handed him a check for a hundred thousand dollars. "And that's your truck, John. You're the best." Matthew hugged the man again, who was standing there in total shock. Before he could speak, Matthew went to the rest of the crew and handed them checks based on the years they served. All of the amounts were quite nice. The only request was that they stay and finish the job, and they all happily agreed.

After talking with John for a few minutes, they headed back to the apartments. Matthew reached over and picked up his wife's hand and kissed it. He couldn't believe how free he felt without having the heavy burden of the roofing business on his shoulders. It was Chloe who helped him make the most difficult decision of his life; to let go of something he was doing out of honor. His guilt wouldn't allow him to admit that all his efforts were slowly draining the life out of him.

While they drove to the apartments, Chloe couldn't help but notice how relaxed Matthew seemed. Usually their conversations seemed to frequently include upcoming jobs, meeting the payroll, and how much equipment they needed but couldn't afford. He refused to allow Chloe to help.

As they approached the parking lot, Matthew laughed. "She's either going to slap us or hug us."

They sat down together, and Matthew did his best to convince her to leave Detroit and make a better life for herself. Chloe listed all the reasons why she should sell the building and move to a safer area where they'd all still be close. Sherry thanked them for their offer, but her job was running the apartments, and she loved the tenants like family.

"I can always come visit you, but my place is here. I was born and raised in Detroit, Matthew, and even though it gets rough at times, it's my home. There'll come a time when I want to retire these old bones, but I have lots of family in Virginia, and that's where I'd go."

"I feel bad about moving out, Sherry, when you've done nothing but be kind to me."

"Chloe, I'll always love you and Matthew, but trust me when I say I'll be okay. I love it here."

After drinking a perfectly brewed cup of coffee with her, they headed upstairs to talk with Conner. When he heard all about letting the business end, the same relief that Matthew experienced was evident within his father.

"Thank God, son. You're doing the right thing, and I'm proud of you for being willing to walk in unknown territory. It can't be easy for you to take on a job like that at Burlington, but it's what's best for your family."

Convincing Conner to move out of a home he's been in for decades was a lot easier than what they thought it'd be. He was more than thrilled to have something new in his life. Before now, he didn't care what happened to him. He sat around waiting for his time on earth to come to an end, but now he had a new chapter in life to look forward to. Grandchildren.

Chloe, Sylvia, and Becky went shopping for land to build a house on while Earl, John, and Matthew were at work. Sylvia had really begun to bond with her daughter and continued to periodically apologize for all the years she ran away from someone who was so innocent and beautiful. She loved getting up in the mornings and having breakfast with Chloe before starting their day. At first it was difficult to be called 'Mom' by her daughter, because that was a title that should have been earned through years of celebration and heartache, neither of which Sylvia got close enough to experience.

When the subject of grandchildren came up, Chloe could easily watch her mother's body grow tense. She'd begin to slightly stutter and change the subject.

"You don't have to be afraid of being a grandmother. This is your opportunity to bond with a baby you'll have a lifelong relationship with."

"It's not so much that I'm afraid of the same things I used to be fearful of. I just have no idea how to care for an infant."

"I'll teach you, and if I'm out some place and you're babysitting, call Becky. She's great with kids."

"Perhaps you should just ask Becky-"

"No. No more running, Mom."

They found the land they'd like to live on, and plans to start building would begin in spring the following year. Before winter hit and the roads could get bad, they moved Conner to a nice condominium that'd be near their new home, and only seven miles away from the Burlington's. He loved the many windows and all the brightness, not to mention the yard to stroll around in. He had a neighbor named Bill, a sixty-two year old widower. Bill had four grandkids, which made Conner push the subject at Matthew and Chloe whenever he saw them. They were happy to see Conner get out of the house some with his neighbor, who happened to have a car.

Chloe scheduled regular appointments for her father-in-law with a respiratory specialist, and even though his original diagnosis was correct, he was responding very well to the new medications, and his healthy lifestyle was adding to his ability to breathe easier. He no longer needed oxygen or his wheelchair, and he only coughed a little in the mornings, but the episodes didn't leave him feeling breathless.

Matthew and Chloe cracked up the first time they stopped by unannounced to visit Conner and he wasn't there. They waited for a while, and finally he showed up getting out of Bill's car. He casually mentioned to Matthew how nice it was to get out, but he always had to wait until his neighbor was free. The following week they took him to a dealership to test drive some cars. Matthew sat in the front while Chloe rode in the back, and Conner drove nicely until he ran up a curb, taking out some woman's mailbox. They gave her a hundred dollar bill and returned the car with a damaged fender to the lot, along with their insurance information. The next day, not wanting him to feel discouraged, they went looking for cars again. Conner hit an SUV on the way out of the parking lot. Chloe made an appointment to have his vision checked and found out he was in desperate need of glasses. After that, he drove without problems in his new little Ford Focus he picked out himself.

John decided to rent a nice apartment near Burlington Enterprises until he could find a house he wanted to buy. He had no desire in going through all the headaches of building, and after watching Matthew and Chloe squabble over what room would go where, he was sure he made the right decision. He loved his new job and all the responsibility that came with it. The men and women who worked directly underneath him offered nothing less than respect. One thing he learned from watching Matthew run the roofing business was that you're treated by others how you treat them. His office was on the floor below his friend, and he never hesitated to take the elevator up just to rob his candy dish. As a joke, Matthew started leaving a dog bowl full of candy on the floor outside his office door. He threatened anyone who even thought about removing it. The playfulness and liveliness the staff was exposed to with their two new bosses really raised the office morale.

On a cold day in January, Chloe poured Matthew a bowl of cereal and sat it in front of him. He got up a little late and still had to pick up John before heading to the office.

"Baby, you forgot to give me a spoon."

"Oh, I'm sorry. Here it is." Chloe reached in her pocket and pulled out the positive pregnancy test and sat it down next to his cereal.

"Have you seen my briefcase? I remember bringing it inside last night but-"

Chloe gave him a shy smile and wink.

"Really?!"

"Really!"

Matthew picked up his wife and sat her on the kitchen counter. The whooping and hollering caused Sylvia and Earl to jump out of bed and come running.

"Is everything okay?"

"As long as you want a grandbaby, then yes, yes it is..." said Chloe playfully.

By the time all the hugs and kisses went around, Matthew was going to be an hour late at least. He picked up his phone.

"John, you have to hold down the fort for me, man. Chloe just told me that we're pregnant!"

"Damn, does that mean you're not going to leave her for me? I don't have a hope in hell now, do I?" John began congratulating him left and right, promising to take care of everything at the office.

"Thanks, John. I'll wait for about an hour to wake up my dad and tell him. He's going to be in heaven."

"Matthew, since you met Chloe, I think we're all in heaven." John smiled just thinking about the little blonde that walked into their lives, and regardless of what she saw, she decided to stay.

"I'll see you later, John. Be good."

Conner was combing his hair and splashing on a little aftershave when the phone rang. He whistled on his way to pick it up.

"Dad, you're gonna be a grandpa."

"Are you serious? Man, I can't wait to tell Bill!"

"Sweetie, who's on the phone?"

"One sec, Sheila, it's my son."

"Dad, who is that?"

"Never you mind, Matthew. I'm old but I ain't dead. I expect to see the both of you soon!"

Matthew listened as Conner said he loved him and then quickly got off the phone.

"Chloe, I think dad has a girlfriend."

"Margaret? I've met her, she's really nice and pretty."

"Margaret...no this one's name is Sheila."

"Oh, I haven't met her. I've met Margaret and Nancy, but not Sheila."

"Okay, we need to talk."

"He's an attractive man, Matthew. Let him have some fun."

"What if they take him for everything he's got?"

"We'll give him more, in the meantime, stop trying to be your dad's dad. Besides, you've already got that job." Chloe took Matthew's hand and held it to her flat stomach.

Chapter 19

On their first wedding anniversary, Chloe stood in her new home looking at the rough walls and wood floor. She had a small, rounded belly, and sometimes got sad that she wasn't showing very much yet. She worried that the house wouldn't be finished by the time the baby was born, but Matthew promised her it would be, even if he had to do all the work himself. Chloe put color swatches on the walls and stood back to study them.

"I think I want a soft pastel blue for in here. What do you think?"

"I like green."

"I'm putting green upstairs. I want the living room to be different."

"Where? Show me where the green's going."

Chloe led Matthew upstairs by the hand, down the long hallway, past the nursery, and into their bedroom.

"Here. Our bedroom and bathroom will be a pretty shade of green."

"Oh, right here...I like this green," whispered Matthew as he turned her to face him, looking into her beautiful green eyes.

"You said that to lure me up here, didn't you?"

Matthew gave her a seductive smile as he backed her slowly up against the wall and softly kissed her neck.

"What if the builders show up?"

"They'll get something to think about for a while."

He gently turned her around to face the wall, slipping her shirt over her head. He unhooked her bra and let his tongue trace her delicate spine, before reaching around to unbutton her shorts, letting them fall to the ground. She moaned in anticipation and when he heard her provocative sounds, Matthew dropped to his knees, moved her pink lace panties to one side and began to massage her thighs as he taunted and teased her with his tongue.

"Matthew..."

He stood up and pressed his hard member into the small of her back, and with his body, he slowly leaned forward, causing her moisture to dampen his jeans.

"You want me?" he whispered.

"Yes, I want you," could barely be heard over Matthew's deep breaths, and low growls.

He went back on his knees and slid the lace to the floor and spread her legs, allowing his fingers to find all the places reserved only for him.

She wanted his mouth on her and knew exactly what he was capable of doing...the ecstasy he could cause to grow inside of her, filled her with an unimaginable longing.

Matthew knew. He could tell by the way she moved her hips and bowed her back that she wanted to tempt his appetite. He was more than willing to comply. With a willingness to please, he lifted her up the wall and placed her legs on his strong shoulders. Holding her hips steady while her back rested against the wall, he feasted and dined until she called out, begging for him to be inside of her.

Lifting her up as she wrapped her legs around his waist, she reached down her hand and guided him inside of her.

"Lover..." he said to her face as her head went back, and her legs grasped tighter around him. With a steady motion, he moved her, loved her, gave to her, thanked her, and filled her with the very essence of his soul.

"Marry me," she softly uttered as she received all the love she never thought she'd ever see.

In the early hours on the first Sunday in October, John and Becky paced the hospital floors until the nurse came by and told them it could be a few more hours.

"She's already been in labor for six hours! Are you sure she's okay?" Becky was trying to remain calm. When Chloe was first brought in, she'd feasted before bed on ice cream, fruit, cheesecake, and juice. When the labor intensified she was vomiting up a storm. The nurse had asked them to let the patient rest because she'd need her strength.

"I'll go in and see if she's up for visitors again, and then you can see for yourself. Everything's coming along just fine."

"What about the father, is he alright?" asked John. He could only imagine being in his friend's shoes.

"New fathers are always so much fun to watch..." laughed the old, seasoned nurse as she went through the doors. A few minutes later she poked her head out in the waiting room and motioned for them to follow her.

Chloe was yelling while Matthew was holding up a picture for her to focus on.

"Look at your focal point, honey. Come on, you can do it. See the beautiful orange and yellow? You love those colors."

"Let it rest, Matthew!!!"

"Okay how about this, baby. Look at this picture of the young family in the park. Soon we'll be able to push our baby on the swing, too."

"Matthew!!!"

"Here, let me rub your-"

"Don't touch me!"

Becky and John stood at the door trying to contain their laughter. No one got along better than Matthew and Chloe, so it was funny to see her turn into a spider, and Matthew a little fly.

"God, I feel bad for the guy," whispered John. He walked over beside his friend and patted his shoulder. "Can I do anything to help the situation?"

"The situation?! The situation?! This isn't a situation, John! I'm having my insides ripped out."

"Chloe, I'm here, love." Becky held her hand while Chloe cried out in pain.

"Becky, don't ever do this! Get drugs. As soon as you step foot in the door, get drugs!"

"Look at me and breathe, sweetie. Come on, look at me."

Chloe looked at Becky and listened as she softly sang one of her friend's favorite songs. Her voice was low, beautiful, and soothing. While she sang, Chloe began to control her breathing, and when contractions came, Becky put her face closer so she could focus on her eyes.

"I have to push!"

Matthew ran to the hall to yell over to the nurse's desk for them to get Sylvia Burlington into the birthing room. He was a wreck and couldn't think of the words. All that came out was "HELP!"

More staff than was necessary came flying down the hall. Luckily, Sylvia was already coming through the doors and overheard Matthew yelling. The doctor checked Chloe and asked Matthew to help deliver the baby. Becky got behind her as they'd practiced, and Sylvia stood behind Chloe with a camera. John stepped back in the hall to wait and pace.

"I love you, sweetheart! Push for me!" encouraged Matthew.

Chloe pushed while Becky leaned forward to support her back. She whispered in her ear what a great job she was doing.

"Come on, love...the baby has a lot of dark-colored hair!" Matthew was having a hard time coaching through the tears.

"You can do it, Chloe! Give me one more good one. One more!"

With the last push, a beautiful, healthy boy with a bunch of dark hair came out in the doctor's and Matthew's hands. The proud daddy cut the cord and took the baby to his mother.

Sylvia, with Chloe's prompting, lifted her grandson, cradled him close to her, and kissed his little face.

John came in the room with water on his cheeks and embraced Matthew in a hold that let him know, out of all your accomplishments in life, this was the greatest one of all.

Later that morning, Conner and Earl would hold their grandson, Conner Joseph Sharp, in their arms. Earl's middle name was Joseph. Neither thought they'd ever live to see a third generation.

The pictures that were taken of the baby, family, and friends were added to the wall in the front entrance, and Sylvia put the final touches in the nursery for when she got to babysit. The millions of dollars in statues and art were sold, and the Burlington's went to great lengths to turn the mansion into a home instead of a museum. Earl had a gate put in around the pool, and Lois made sure there were safety locks on all the cupboards.

A few days after she came home, Chloe walked in the front door, followed by Matthew carrying baby Conner, and stood staring at the wall. It was now full of pictures. She loved the close ups of her baby's tiny face, Matthew holding his son's hand, and the ones of Becky and John kissing little Conner after he was born. Off to the side was a picture of her mother and father holding her child with big smiles on their faces. The smiles were real, and that, Chloe knew, was her favorite photograph of all.

The End

