Chapter One

"Holy crap," Dani muttered.

They'd come to an abrupt halt at the edge of the gardens where the lush green lawns gave way to terracotta tiles surrounding a vast swimming pool. The reason for their sudden stop lay facedown on a large pink inflatable bed that floated languidly in the center of the water.

"Hmm, maybe we'll put off introducing you to the boss until..." Gary paused, obviously at a loss for words.

"Until he's got some clothes on?" Dani suggested. "And maybe when he doesn't appear quite so..." It was Dani's turn to stall.

"Busy?"

"Not the word I was thinking of."

The man certainly didn't look busy. What he did look was naked. He was also not alone-a bottle of champagne dangled limply from one hand, an equally naked blonde was clutched in the other.

So that, Dani reflected grimly, was the man she was employed to protect for the foreseeable future. This was what she was reduced to-protecting a naked playboy. Hardly a meaningful existence.

She'd already heard of him; it was hard not to with his reputation. He was self-indulgent, lazy, caring for nothing but his own pleasure. Everything she didn't like in a person.

Now, seeing him in the flesh, she wasn't impressed. Or so she tried to tell herself. But if that was the case, why was she finding it impossible to drag her gaze away?

"You're staring," Gary murmured from beside her.

Amusement laced his voice, and she clamped her eyes shut to cut out the view. Perhaps he'd get a puncture and sink. But no, when she blinked he was still there. She heaved a huge sigh. "That is Zachary Hunter, isn't it?" Maybe she'd get lucky for once and find out she was wrong.

But Gary nodded. She sighed again and wiped the sheen of sweat from her forehead, then glanced up at the sun high overhead. "I hope they've got plenty of sunblock on."

"So, what do you think of your new boss?" Gary asked slyly.

"You really don't want to know."

While Dani refused to rise to the bait, she couldn't help but admit-to herself at least-that from the limited parts she could see, Zachary Hunter was every bit as gorgeous as his reputation suggested. Better. His supposedly hedonistic lifestyle certainly wasn't reflected in his physique; not an ounce of fat marred his long, lean frame. He lay with his head turned away so she couldn't see his face, just the dark blond hair, overly long and reaching to his broad shoulders. His skin was golden, and he resembled nothing so much as a large cat basking in the sunlight.

She'd thought the couple was sleeping or unconscious, but as she stared, the woman's fingers slowly glided down the long, flawless line of his golden back to come to rest on one equally golden buttock. No tan lines there.

Dani shook her head. "Let's get the hell out of here."

"Good idea. I think we can leave the introductions until tomorrow."

They turned to go, but she had an uncomfortable feeling something wasn't quite right. Having spent the last ten years in an almost exclusively male environment, she prided herself on her ability to be completely unaffected by some of the most physically fit specimens to ever grace the Earth. It was second nature to her. Which was why she couldn't understand her almost undeniable urge to turn around for one last peek. She scowled and forced herself to stare straight ahead.

"So," she asked, "why does someone like Zachary Hunter need our protection?"

"Try and sound as though you care, and I might tell you."

"Come on, Gary, he's some rich playboy asshole, who as far as I can see has never done anything worthwhile in his entire life. What's there to care about?"

"Have you actually read his file?"

She shrugged. "Jess read it to me."

"But I'm guessing you weren't paying attention." Gary frowned. "Zach's not actually a playboy. He's a writer-a good one, high-action thrillers. He's made a ton of money from them, invested that, and made a whole lot more-you don't get this sort of lifestyle from just writing." He waved a hand at their surroundings. "He's also a great guy to work for-ultra laid back."

"Doesn't care about anything, you mean?"

"Maybe, but then that hasn't really got anything to do with us, has it?"

Dani exhaled. "Look, you chose to do this job. I didn't. I'm just waiting for the all clear and then I'm heading back where I belong."

"And if you don't get the all clear?"

Dani didn't even want to consider that possibility. Wouldn't consider it. Even so, a shiver of fear ran through her. "I'll get it."

"Sure you will. Anyway, back to why we're here. Apparently, the last screenplay Zach produced annoyed a number of people."

"Like who?"

"The movie linked particular motorcycle gangs with organized crime. Apparently, Zach did a lot of research with one of the New York gangs and they had no problem with the film-thought it was a hoot. Unfortunately, a few of their associates lacked a sense of humor, and some of them have decided to make an example of him."

"He's received threats?"

"Yup."

"Are they serious?"

"Totally. There's already been one attempt on his life-in New York. A letter bomb-these guys aren't playing around. You know Zach and Jake are friends, right? Climbing buddies. They did the Eiger last year." Jake was their mutual boss and no, she hadn't known he and Zachary Hunter were close. But that explained the physique-the Eiger took strength and stamina. She nodded for Gary to continue. "Well, Zach refused police protection, but Jake persuaded him to hire us while they track down whoever it is. He also suggested this place. Zach's got houses in LA and New York as well, but Jake reckoned this would be easier to guard, and even you have to admit that staying here will be no hardship."

Looking around, Dani had to agree. Maybe Jake strong-arming her into this job wasn't such a bad thing after all. They'd served in the army together for many years, and Jake knew her better than just about anyone. He seemed to think that Dani needed something to occupy her time. "Something to prevent her from wallowing in self-pity" was actually the way he had put it.

Now, she was glad. London had been cold and gray, not conducive to convalescence. Especially in contrast to the hot, dry heat of Afghanistan, and she had been listless, unable to feel optimistic about her uncertain future.

But with the heat of the Spanish sun warming her, she experienced a first, faint lifting of her spirits. The villa nestled in the hills between the Sierra Nevada Mountains and the Mediterranean Sea. The views were spectacular and the grounds enormous, running rampant with glorious pink and orange bougainvillea and hibiscus that scented the warm air with tropical flowers. Taking a deep breath, she let the atmosphere soothe her. It had been a hard six months, and on top of that, she felt drained from the flight and then the long car ride. Her leg ached, and she rubbed at it absently.

"Are you okay?" Gary asked.

She tried not to be irked by the concern in his voice. "I'm fine."

"You don't seem fine. You seem tense."

Dani rolled her shoulders, easing the tightness, and forced a smile. Though she knew Gary wouldn't be fooled-she looked a mess. She'd always been slight, but now she was positively scrawny. "Maybe a little tense," she admitted. "I just want to get back and do some real work. Not protecting some playboy."

He cast her a glance of disapproval.

"Sorry," she muttered. "Some writer."

But Gary was right to disapprove; she'd accepted this job, so now she had a duty to give it her all, whatever her opinion of Zachary Hunter. She needed to pull herself together. And it was probably only jealousy. She had a tendency to go for everything full-steam-ahead, and she kind of envied people like him who could laze away a day in a pool...naked. Anyway, she'd probably hardly even see the man-it wasn't as though she'd be protecting him personally.

"Come on," Gary said. "We'll get you to the guesthouse and off that leg. Jake's given strict instructions that you don't put any strain on it yet."

"Jake's not my doctor, and it's no problem," she said, making an effort not to limp.

Thankfully, Gary knew better than to offer a helping hand. She hated feeling weak.

Instead, without saying anything else on the subject, he slowed his pace to allow her shorter legs to keep up, and she fell into step beside him.

...

Zach woke to a soft hand stroking down the length of his bare back. He groaned and burrowed his head deeper into the pillows.

"Darling, I have to leave for the airport."

He squinted up at the woman hovering above him and sighed with relief when he saw Lauren was fully dressed; he didn't like to disappoint, but he really didn't think he could manage any more right now.

At thirty-two, he was obviously getting old. Or drinking too much. Or both.

Rolling onto his back, he stretched. "What time is it?"

"Nearly seven."

"Really?" He scrubbed a hand through his hair. "I thought the new security guy was coming in this afternoon. Gary was supposed to bring him over."

"Another babysitter?"

"Yeah and thanks for the sympathy." At least someone found this amusing.

"Aw, poor darling. I know you hate being cooped up here, but at least you're safe." She leaned over and kissed him lingeringly on the mouth. "Look, I've really got to go. I'll send you those accounts to sign as soon as I've put through the changes. Or should I bring them?"

"Whatever's easiest."

Lauren pursed her lips, and he realized he might have been less than diplomatic. He pulled himself up, grabbing the sheet. "I'm sorry, Lauren. Of course bring them yourself."

She smiled and patted him on the head. "Don't fret, Zach. You know, you're a fantastic client, a great friend, and a fabulous lover, but I went into this"-she waved at the rumpled bed-"with my eyes open, and long-term-relationship material you are not. Not for me anyway."

"Not for anyone," he muttered.

She grinned. "Now, I really have to go." At the door, she paused and turned back. "But one day, you're going to meet a woman and you're going to fall in love-and I'm betting there are a few of us out there who hope she gives you a real hard time."

"Never going to happen," he said to himself as the door closed behind her.

Zach got out of bed, pulled on a pair of drawstring trousers and a T-shirt, thrust his feet into leather flip-flops, and headed out across the gardens to the guesthouse.

A woman stood on the terrace. He'd been expecting one of his security guards, Gary or Simon, and he paused to study her. She was tiny-certainly no threat. Her slight form was wrapped in a white robe, her head wrapped in a towel. Her lips were compressed into a tight line as she struggled with the tray she carried. She appeared pale and curiously helpless, and he had an urge to rush to her assistance. The strangeness of the feeling made him hesitate, then he shrugged it away and strode toward her.

"Here, let me help you with that."

At the sound of his voice, she jumped then stumbled. "Shit." Righting herself, she glanced up as Zach hurried forward and held out his hands for the tray.

"I can manage." She stared at him, and he was caught in the gaze of a pair of enormous eyes the color of fresh green grass. They dominated a small, elfin face and glared at him with something less than appreciation-not an expression he tended to receive from women. He'd never seen her before, but maybe she was someone Gary or Simon had picked up. He'd told them to make themselves at home, after all.

While she was outwardly composed, a pulse beat rapidly at her throat-not as unruffled as she wanted to appear. He glanced down to check out the rest of her, just as her belt unraveled and the front of her robe parted.

Jackpot!

Beneath it, she was naked, and his eyes honed in on two of the most gorgeous breasts he had ever seen. Full-considering she was so slight-and up-tilted with dusky pink nipples. His dick jerked to attention at the sight-maybe he wasn't too old after all.

He forced himself to look up and caught her gaze. Her eyes narrowed, and she peered down.

"Double shit."

...

Dani took the last step to the table and slammed the tray onto the marble surface. She snatched the edges of her robe together, wrenched the belt tight, and tried to control the wave of heat washing over her face. It wasn't as though he hadn't seen breasts before.

She was aware she was being cranky-after all, it was hardly his fault she'd flashed her tits at him-but she couldn't seem to help it. The warm water of the shower had washed away much of her earlier tension, but her leg still ached. The sensation of weakness rubbed her emotions raw and sapped her ability to play nice. Plus, she was hardly dressed for meeting her new boss. She'd presumed he'd be too busy with his...friend from the pool to bother with introductions tonight.

She sank into the deep cushions of one of the wicker sofas and fiddled with the contents of the tray while she studied him through her lashes. At least he had some clothes on now, and while she wouldn't exactly say it improved his appearance, it did make her feel a lot more comfortable. The only problem was, her brain refused to stop flashing up images of him in his former naked glory. All that sleek golden skin, rippling with muscles. Most unnerving. The images were bad enough. The effect on her normally rock-steady equilibrium was much worse, leaving her hot and twitchy and totally aware that she was naked beneath the robe.

What was wrong with her? She never thought of men, well, as men, and she certainly never thought about them naked. A decision she'd made early in her career and one she'd never had to question or found the least bit difficult-until now.

He was dressed casually, his feet bare, and she couldn't help but notice that he had long toes. Wasn't that supposed to mean he had a long...? Dani cut off the thought and shook her head, unable to believe she was contemplating the length of his dick.

She allowed her eyes to drift upward to his face. He had lean, tanned features; high cheekbones; a bony nose; and dark, heavy-lidded amber eyes, which observed her with more than a hint of lazy amusement.

So he found her funny, did he?

She opened her mouth and clamped it closed again. He was her employer. She had to be polite. Didn't she? But as his laidback golden stare loitered on her breasts, her blood pressure rose. Screw polite. Besides, he obviously had no clue who she was, and she could always plead ignorance.

"Can I help you?" she asked, examining her fingernails.

"I was looking for Gary."

His voice was rich and smooth and sent the most unusual ripples of sensation sliding down her spine. Ignoring her unwelcome reaction, she glanced around then lifted one shoulder in answer.

Obviously, he was undeterred by her lack of response, the smile still in place, his gaze still warm. "So I'm guessing you must be a friend of Gary's."

"Really?"

"Or is it Simon you're with? And are you just friends or more?"

"More?"

"I'm merely trying to find out whose toes I might be treading on."

It took Dani a moment to realize what he was saying and longer for the meaning of his words to sink in. Was he flirting with her? She shook her head-unbelievable. And what about the naked blonde from the pool earlier? She peered over his shoulder just in case the woman was loitering somewhere close. The last thing Dani wanted on her first day on the job was to get into a catfight with her playboy boss's blond-Barbie-doll-girlfriend. But all was clear, and she turned her attention back to the man in front of her.

She had no experience with handling men-they tended to keep their distance. Probably because she had something of a scary reputation. Plus, she was usually accompanied by a very large dog. She picked up her sandwich for something to do, then put it down again.

"Would it make any difference?" she asked.

He grinned. "Well, I'm hoping there's nothing serious, because I don't intrude on other people's relationships."

"You don't? How noble of you."

His grin faded as though she wasn't behaving in the expected manner. No doubt, he was used to women being a little more appreciative of his attentions. Hard luck-Dani didn't do appreciative.

Gary emerged through the patio doors, rubbing a towel over his damp hair. "Hi, Zach. Have you two introduced yourselves?"

"I was about to do that very thing," Dani murmured.

Gary gave her a look of reproach, a look that clearly said, This is our employer. Behave yourself.

She curved her lips into what she hoped was a sweet smile and batted her lashes-which was a first. "I would have, honest. I just didn't recognize him with his clothes on."

Gary grinned. "Liar."

Zach was studying them both, his brows drawn together. "Actually, I thought the new guard was arriving. I came over to introduce myself, but I can see you're busy..." He turned to go.

"Hey wait, Zach," Gary interrupted. "This is Dani Sinclair. I think Jake spoke to you about her."

Swiveling on his heels, Zach faced them once more. He gave a short laugh but when no one else joined in, his disbelieving expression shifted from her to Gary and back again. "Jake said he was sending out some specialist. An ex-army sergeant. This is my specialist?" He waved a hand in Dani's direction. "Are you telling me Jake sent goddamn Tinker Bell to protect me?"

Chapter Two

Tinker Bell?

Dani gritted her teeth under the incredulous stare. Taking a deep breath, she clamped her mouth shut and counted to ten. It wasn't nearly enough.

Gary grinned. "Dani's not actually out here to protect you personally."

"Well, that's a relief," Zach replied.

"Not that I couldn't," Dani muttered, her fists clenching at her side, "if I actually wanted to."

"So what is it she's here to do?" he asked Gary, almost as if she wasn't there and wasn't quite capable of telling him herself.

Jerk.

She should be cool and drop it, but she couldn't leave it alone. "Is it because you don't think a woman can protect you? Or because you don't like the idea?" She kept her voice reasonable, but it was an effort.

"No, it's because you look like I could push you over with one finger."

She leaned toward him, eyes narrowed. "Just try it."

His gaze had dropped to where her robe gaped open at the front, revealing the curve of her breasts, and she straightened abruptly. What was is about this man that put her back up? After ten years in the army, she'd thought herself immune to any sexist comments that came her way, but for some reason he was needling her. She caught the glint in his eyes and had a horrible suspicion that he knew exactly how much he was pissing her off.

Gary peered from her to their boss. Obviously he considered it time to put a stop to whatever was going on. He cleared his throat to get their attention. "Dani's a dog handler," he said. "The best there is," he added for good measure as Zach continued to look skeptical.

"Well that would be really nice..." Zach paused, lounging back against the balustrade behind him, arms folded across his chest, gaze still fixed firmly on her. "If I had a dog."

"You will tomorrow," Gary said. "Two, in fact. They're arriving by plane in the morning."

"I don't like dogs."

"No problem." Dani gave a careless lift of one shoulder. "I'll phone up and cancel the dogs, and I'll get out of here. I'm sure Jake's got somebody else I can babysit." She put as much scorn as she could into the word and Gary winced. "Or maybe I'll stay out here and take a vacation. Move to the coast, find a hotel, lay on the beach somewhere."

A couple of weeks laying on the hot sand, soaking up the sun, plenty of swimming to strengthen her leg. Yes, it was definitely appealing. At least way more tempting than babysitting a spoiled rich guy.

She came out of her daydream to find both men staring at her with almost identical expressions of disapproval.

"What?" she asked.

"You'll do no such thing," Gary replied in his no-nonsense, sergeant-major tone. "The dogs are coming. It's not negotiable." He turned to Zach. "You promised Jake you'd do whatever he suggested. You weren't loving the idea of having more guards around the place so dogs are the ideal solution. They're also ideal at sniffing out explosives."

"Okay." Zach put up his hands in mock surrender. "No problem. Dogs it is." He gave Dani that lazy smile. "Seems like you, me, and the dogs are stuck with each other."

"Good," Gary said. "That's settled then." He tossed Dani a warning look, and she closed her mouth. "I did actually bring Dani over this afternoon," Gary continued, "but it looked as though something had come up."

Dani sniggered at his choice of words.

"Did I miss something?" Zach raised his eyebrows in query.

"You were"-Gary's lips twitched-"in the pool with a friend."

"Actually, that was my accountant." He turned to Dani with a smirk on his face. "And did you like what you saw?"

She sniffed. "There wasn't a lot to like, that I could see."

He cast her an amused glance, and she suspected he didn't believe her. "Why don't we all drive into town, get some dinner, and Dani can explain exactly how she's going to protect me."

"I'll let Gary do that," Dani said with a shake of her head. "I'm going to rest. I've had a long day."

She stood up, wincing as she put weight on her leg. Zach's gaze was on her as she crossed the terrace, but she still couldn't hide the slight limp.

"Did you hurt your leg?" Zach asked.

"It's nothing," she dismissed, not bothering to turn to face him.

"It doesn't look like nothing. There's a twenty-four-hour doctor in town-I'll drive you down there...before dinner."

"I don't need a doctor."

"You-"

"Leave it, Zach," Gary interrupted. "Dani can take care of herself."

She glanced back over her shoulder. "I'm going to get dressed. Please feel free to leave before I get back."

She stood in front of the mirror, her eyes bright with temper, her face flushed. Why was he getting to her? Obviously it didn't help that every time she looked at him, she saw that long, lean, naked body. So much for being immune.

She pulled off the towel and ran her fingers through her damp hair, all the styling it ever got. In the army, she'd kept it short but hadn't been bothered enough to get it cut in the last six months. Now it reached her shoulders, curling riotously in the damp and heat.

After slipping out of the robe, her gaze flickered briefly to the scar that wound its way along the length of her left thigh. The doctors had said the mark would fade in time. Or plastic surgery was an option. But she didn't really care how it looked. What she cared about was the weakness that still afflicted her when she put any pressure on her healing limb. And the fact that the injury might be enough to keep her from reenlisting and going back to her unit. The army was her whole life, the one place she had felt like she belonged in all the years since her brother, Sam, had died. Where would she go if she couldn't go back?

With a sigh, she pulled on white cotton panties, dark trousers, and a khaki T-shirt. She lingered a bit, hoping the guys would be gone by the time she went back out there.

No such luck.

The murmur of voices drifted in through the open door to the terrace as she emerged from her room. For a moment, she considered retreating, but she'd never been good at taking the easy way out. Instead, she took a deep breath and promised herself that nothing Zachary Hunter said would ruffle her.

Zach lounged against the balustrade, a bottle of beer in his hand, appearing in absolutely no rush to move anywhere. He glanced across as she came out onto the terrace and then did a rapid double take, leaning toward her, no doubt to get a better look. "Christ, you've got red hair."

Dani glowered. She hated anyone mentioning the color of her hair. As a child, it had been a bright carrot orange, the subject of vast amounts of teasing. The shade had mellowed a little with age, but it was still a touchy subject.

He took a step closer, head cocked to one side, and his lips curled in a slow smile. "And freckles."

"So?"

His gaze shifted from her hair to her freckles and back again "I just didn't expect red hair. I don't know why, considering..."

Dani almost rose to it but managed to bite back her retort. She closed her eyes, counted to ten again, opened them, and smiled. A little strained, but still a smile.

"Here," Gary said, handing her a cold bottle. "Have a beer, cool yourself down." He cast her a speculative glance. "Zach was suggesting that you move into the main house."

"Why?" she asked, pressing the cool bottle against her forehead.

"Maybe he thinks you might be uncomfortable sharing a place with two guys."

She took a mouthful of cold beer before casting Gary a look of disbelief. "And I'm supposed to feel better sharing a place with one guy?"

"It's a big house," Zach added, his smile still in place.

"Thanks but no thanks. Anyway, what about your girlfriend?"

"What girlfriend?"

"The blonde from the pool?"

"I told you, she's not a girlfriend. She's my accountant, and she had to go back to London." He swallowed the last of his beer and put down the bottle. "Come on," he said to Gary. "Let's go find Simon and head into town."

Dani watched until they vanished from sight, then sank down into the seat behind her and took a long pull of her beer. She fanned herself. Gary was right. She needed to cool down.

This job might actually turn out to be tougher than she thought.

...

Zach strolled through the velvet darkness. It was past midnight.

He'd left Gary and Simon on his terrace discussing changes to his security, but he'd seen the light from the guesthouse and given in to an inexplicable but undeniable urge to go and see if Sergeant Danielle Sinclair was still awake.

All through dinner, the memory of her breasts kept popping up at inappropriate moments. He'd distracted himself by asking about her. When Gary raised an eyebrow, he'd told them he wanted to know a little about the people supposedly protecting him. They obviously hadn't believed him. Then again, he'd never asked any questions about either of his male guards.

But she fascinated him-so small and prickly and such beautiful breasts. Shit-he had to get them out of his mind.

He was just bored and restless. He'd been here for two weeks, and already he hated the sensation of being trapped, smothered. The familiar need to move on, to escape, nagged at his mind, affecting his work; he hadn't written anything worth a damn since he'd arrived.

He found Dani seated on the terrace, wearing what appeared to be a pair of pajamas. What woman wore pajamas? And why did it turn him on?

A dark smudge marred one pale cheek, and she worked intently on something at the table. Her small, pink tongue poked from between her teeth in concentration, and Zach felt an unexpected stab of lust. He closed his eyes for a moment to savor the feeling then stepped out of the shadows.

Dani glanced up. "Who's there?"

"The man of your dreams, sweetheart."

Their gazes locked for long moments and warmth sank low in his body, heating his blood. Was she feeling the same?

She gave herself a little shake and broke the contact. "Oh, it's you." Obviously not feeling the same, then. She hardly sounded impressed, and her green eyes were hostile. "Can I do something for you, Mr. Hunter?"

"You can call me Zach for a start."

She held his gaze. "I don't think so."

He studied her. "Are you always this..." He paused, searching for a suitable word. "Antagonistic?"

"Yes." Then she thought for a moment and her lips curved into a faint smile. "But the funny thing is-normally I have to work at it. With you it seems to come naturally."

He shook his head. "Why the hell would you want to work at being a pain in the ass?"

"Well," she said, "when I first joined up, Jake told me-Jake was a lieutenant in my unit-that if I wanted to survive in the army, I was going to have to develop some attitude. I don't think he thought I had a lot else going for me. I was pretty small and scrawny back then."

"Really?" Zach drawled. "What's changed?"

Dani scowled, and then huffed out her breath. "Absolutely nothing."

As she returned to her task, he rested against the balustrade and watched her. "What are you doing?"

"Cleaning my gun."

His gaze shot to the thing in her hands. "Your gun?"

"You know, one of those things that go bang."

"You carry a gun?"

"Well, not as a general rule," she said. "But Gary insisted. It's company policy for protection cases like yours."

"I thought we'd already established that you wouldn't actually be protecting me."

"Company policy. But don't worry, Mr. Hunter," she said gently. "I've been in the army for ten years. I know how to handle a gun, and I'm not likely to shoot you by accident." She grinned. "Now, on purpose..."

"I find the sight of a gun in a woman's hands disturbing...unless it's some sort of role playing. You want me to star in a few of your fantasies, Dani? Hold me at gunpoint, force me to strip, have your evil way with me?"

"I'll pass, thanks." She curled her upper lip in a snarl, no doubt fantasizing about putting a bullet in him where it would hurt the most. "And I'm guessing the reason you don't like women with guns is there are so many of them who want to shoot you." She studied him for a minute, her brows drawing together. "Are you always this sexist?"

He grinned. "Yes. I have four older sisters and a meddling mother-it comes with the territory. So, why are you out here, in the night, playing with your gun?"

"I couldn't sleep."

"Too busy thinking of me?"

"Hardly," she replied. "Look, it's late. What is it you actually want?"

He gave her a long, slow stare and even in the dim light, he could see the flush of blood under her pale skin. She wasn't as unaffected as she pretended. He liked that.

He leaned in close. "I just wanted to say"-reaching out, he smoothed a stray curl behind her ear-"that I like the red hair and the freckles." Then he gave in to the urge and kissed her lightly on her lips.

She blinked a couple of times, shook her head, then rose to her feet and stared at him, the gun still clasped in her hand. "What the hell was that for?"

"First kiss," he replied. "I thought we'd get it out of the way. So we don't have to worry about it, and the next one will be much easier."

"Next one? Not in this life."

He hadn't meant to touch her tonight. Something warned him to move slowly if he wanted to get close to her. But that brief sweet caress wasn't enough. He wanted to kiss her until she begged him for more. He took a step closer, then another as she inched back. She was up against the balustrade now, with nowhere left to go. A pulse fluttered in her throat, and lower, he could see the rise and fall of her breasts beneath the thin cotton.

He waited for her to tell him to get lost.

When she remained silent, he slid one hand behind her neck and tilted her face. Her eyes were wide open, and he held her gaze as he lowered his mouth to hers. This time he lingered, sliding his tongue along her plump lower lip, nipping her with his teeth, pushing inside as her lips parted. She was warm and tasted sweet.

Heat pooled in his groin, his cock hardening in his pants. He deepened the kiss, thrusting his tongue inside as his body pressed against hers, his erection nudging her belly. His free hand came up to cup her breast. She filled his palm, firm yet soft, and the nipple hardened, sending the rest of his blood supply to his dick. He wanted to strip her, turn her around, bend her over the chair, and...

But unfortunately, while she wasn't fighting him off, she also wasn't begging him for more, either. In fact, she stood perfectly still in his arms. He regretfully backed off, shoved his hands in his pockets to avoid temptation, and studied her.

As he watched, the dazed expression faded from her eyes, and they narrowed on him.

"So that was the second kiss?" she asked.

He dropped his gaze to where her tight little nipples pressed against her top and almost groaned. "Yeah. You want to try for thirds?"

She frowned. "I don't think so."

"Some other time?"

"Or not."

He glanced down farther. She still held the pistol in her hand, and her finger tightened on the trigger. He was pretty sure the gun wasn't loaded, but all the same, perhaps it was time to go.

Hell, he didn't even know why he'd kissed her. But for some reason, she tempted him in a way no one had in a long time. Such a contradiction. Soft and vulnerable one minute, hard as nails and contemplating shooting him the next. At least he wasn't bored.

He winked at her. "Later, babe."

As he turned and walked away, a prickle of unease ran down his spine. She wouldn't really shoot him in the back, would she? He couldn't fight the grin stretching across his face.

This was going to be fun.

Chapter Three

"Good morning," Gary murmured.

"Is it?" Dani shuffled onto the terrace, following the scent of fresh coffee. A yawn escaped her, though she'd actually slept better than she had in months. Amazing considering the state her mind-and body-was in when Zach had left her the previous night.

Holy crap the guy could kiss. Not that she had much-or anything-to compare him with, but even now, nearly twelve hours later, just the memory had the power to start an insistent little pulse between her legs. She squeezed her thighs together but that only intensified the feeling.

Gary sat at the small table, his breakfast in front of him, and she leaned across and grabbed his coffee. He took one look at her face and obviously realized her need was greater than his.

"Where's Simon?" she asked. "I haven't seen him yet."

"He's doing a quick check around the grounds. It will be good when the dogs are up and running. It will save us some work."

She took a seat opposite as he gave her a look she didn't quite understand. "What?" she asked.

"Zach couldn't stop asking questions last night."

"That's hardly my fault. So what was he asking about?"

"You."

At that, she got a little twinge of something inside, but she kept her expression bland and her tone nonchalant. "Why would he ask about me?"

"He's obviously interested in you."

Another twinge. "Don't be stupid. I'm not exactly the type to appeal to a man like that."

But that kiss...

She still felt the touch of his lips against hers, remembered the taste of his tongue.

Gary gave her another strange glance. He opened his mouth to say something, then paused and shut it. "Whatever, but he's definitely interested."

Dani scowled. She didn't believe for a minute, despite the kisses, that Zach had any real interest in her. "Zachary Hunter is obviously the sort of man who can't meet any woman without turning it on." Still, she couldn't help asking, "So what did you tell him?"

"I told him you were a nymphomaniac." Dani narrowed her eyes. "Just kidding," Gary said, hastily holding up his hands in mock defense. "Actually, I told him you were a lesbian."

"Ha, ha, you are so not funny."

"Don't worry. I gave him your name, rank, and serial number plus a few other snippets I thought might put him off. But I have to warn you, Simon was looking a little put out."

Dani frowned. "I don't know why."

Gary gave her a knowing look. "I'm sure you're aware that he's had the hots for you for about five years."

"Yes, just as I'm sure you're aware that I've never given him any encouragement in all that time. You know what I think of relationships in the army. They never work."

Gary waved away her argument. "Neither of you are in the army right now. Look, all I'm saying is don't wind Simon up. Go easy on him."

Dani stared at him in amazement. Since when had she turned into this femme fatale? Since when had she been capable of winding up any man? "Anything else?" she asked sarcastically.

"Yes. Don't give Zach any encouragement."

Dani rolled her eyes. "That one, I think I can manage. I'm more likely to give him a punch in the nose." She looked at him hopefully. "Am I allowed to punch him in the nose?"

"No."

"What? Not even if it's for his own protection?" she wheedled.

"No."

"Spoilsport," she muttered.

Dani sat on the terrace, soaking up the warmth of the early evening sun, when she spotted Zachary Hunter. She hadn't seen him all day, and she'd slowly unwound. Now every sense went on alert as he strolled across the vast green lawn. He was heading straight for her, and once again, she was reminded of the smooth grace of a big cat.

"Danielle."

The word was a soft, seductive murmur, and Dani stiffened. She hated her full name. No one who knew her ever called her Danielle. Not if they expected her to answer.

"Good afternoon, sir," she replied, absolutely convinced that the "sir" would irritate the hell out of him.

He came to a halt only a foot away from where she was seated, eyes narrowing. "Sir?"

Dani hid a small smile; it was nice to know he wasn't the only person capable of being annoying. "You're my employer. It's a sign of respect."

Zach took a step back, rested his butt on the wall of the terrace, folded his arms, and looked her up and down. Slowly. Dani kept from squirming by sheer will power.

"So," he said, "you respect me? That's funny. What was it Gary said you called me-a rich asshole?"

"Actually, it was a rich playboy asshole and Gary talks too much."

"I actually work very hard, you know."

He sounded almost hurt and she raised her eyebrow in disbelief. "What do you want, anyway?"

"Gary sent me over."

"He did?" She tried to focus on the conversation, but for some reason, her attention kept drifting to his lips. They were actually quite perfect, the lower full and sensual, the upper with a distinct curve, and they had tasted-

"Hmm, said you wanted to introduce me to someone."

Ah. Dani relaxed back in her chair and grinned. "Well, not someone exactly."

"Oh no, it's the dogs, isn't it?" His smile slipped and alarm flared in his eyes. "You don't have to introduce us, you know. We don't even have to meet at all. I was telling the truth last night. I really don't like dogs. And more to the point, they don't like me."

"Bad experience?" She tried to sound sympathetic but didn't quite succeed.

"I was bitten when I was twelve."

"A big dog?"

"A toy poodle." Those perfect lips twisted into a grimace at the memory. "The pain and the blood-they were nothing-it was the humiliation that hurt the most. I've never lived it down."

"Small dogs can be very intimidating," she murmured.

He shuddered. "So can big ones."

"Yes, but at least there's no humiliation in being bitten by a Doberman. It's definitely all pain and blood."

He was watching her, no doubt looking for signs of weakness. "Do I really have to meet them?" Unfolding his arms, he took a step closer and spoke in a low voice. "I'm sure there's something else we could be doing. How about those fantasies...?"

Dani slipped her dark glasses on and studied him. She knew he was only thirty-two but he appeared older, lines of experience etched on his face, laughter lines radiating from the corners of his eyes. It was a face that looked as though it had seen everything and found it all amusing. Though he didn't look particularly amused at that moment.

"Yes, you really do." She rose to her feet. "They'll be running around your yard soon, and they have to know that you're not for eating. Only joking," she added. "They're not trained to attack, only to make a noise and look aggressive. They're actually real pussycats."

"Hmm, pussycats?" he said, the disbelief clear in his tone, but he fell into step beside her as she led the way across the yard. The sun was low in the sky but still warm, and the scent of flowers filled the air. She felt strangely at peace.

"As a matter of interest," he said, "where did you get your high opinion of me?"

"From your file."

He stopped abruptly, hands shoved in his pockets. "You have a file on me?"

Dani kept walking. "Well, Jake does. He thinks his operatives should know something about the people they're guarding."

"And my file says I'm a playboy asshole?" He started moving again and quickly caught up. "I'm going to have to talk to Jake."

She gave him a brief sideways glance and found him watching her. "Let's say I read between the lines."

"So you don't think writing is a worthwhile occupation?"

Did she? She tried not to, as it made her particular disability seem not quite so...disabling. "I'm dyslexic," she said, surprising herself with the admission. She wasn't ashamed; she just didn't normally talk about it.

He came to another halt and put a hand on the bare skin of her arm. A shiver ran through her, and she had little choice but to stop beside him.

"So it's sour grapes then?" he asked.

Dani grinned. The reason she didn't like talking about her dyslexia was that she hated the sympathy-real or otherwise-it always seemed to invoke in people. Obviously, that wasn't going to be a problem with Zach.

"How bad?" he asked.

"Medium, I suppose. I can read slowly if I concentrate. The problem was they didn't realize I was dyslexic until I was in the army, and by then it was too late to do much about it."

"Why wasn't it diagnosed earlier?"

She shrugged. "They just thought I was stupid."

"Who thought you were stupid? Your parents-" He must have noticed Dani's scowl because he cut off in mid-sentence and changed tack. "How about I read one of my books to you. That way you can have something real to base your low opinion on. And we could act out the interesting bits."

"Interesting to whom?" she dismissed.

Zach peered down at her. A long way down. "You know," he said, a wicked glint in his eyes. "I can't actually believe they let you join the army. I didn't think they let people that small in."

"I was only seventeen-they probably thought I was going to grow."

"So how tall were you?"

"Five foot one."

"And how tall are you now?"

"Five foot one."

He chuckled. "So what did your parents think of you going into the army?"

God, he was nosy. His hand was still on her arm and she pulled free. "Nothing," she responded without making eye contact. "They didn't think anything. Now, are we going to introduce you to these dogs? You really do have to meet them, you know, and better with me now than alone in the dark."

Zach exhaled loudly and closed his eyes for a second. Finally, he nodded. "Lead on," he said, not entirely enthusiastically. "I suppose if you can handle them, they can't be too scary."

Dani narrowed her eyes and tried not to hope that Angel and Spike would be on their worst behavior.

The kennels were around the back of the house under the shade of a huge old olive tree. The dogs were dozing in a patch of sunlight but leaped up, barking as they approached. They were beautiful animals, glossy tan and black coats, intelligent faces, long pink tongues, and big teeth.

"Look at those fangs." He sounded almost in awe, and Dani grinned, feeling her black mood slough off in anticipation of the introductions.

"So did you train these?" Zach asked, peering through the wire mesh but keeping his distance.

"No, but I trained the trainer, and I selected them. I couldn't do the work, as I was still in the army. That's Angel," she said, pointing at the bigger dog. "And the other is Spike."

"Angel?" he asked. "It doesn't seem appropriate somehow."

"They're named after Buffy's boyfriends."

His eyebrows rose. "The Vampire Slayer?"

"Yeah. Anyway, they're both three years old, and they're trained as guard dogs."

"And that means?"

"They won't actually attack you. But they will let you know if someone is there."

"They won't attack?"

She grinned. "Not unless I tell them to." He was trying, not very successfully, to hide his very real apprehension. "Relax," she said soothingly. She didn't like to admit it, but it gave her a lovely feeling of superiority to know he was afraid. Did that make her a bad person? Did she care? She remembered his "Later, Babe" after their kiss and grinned even wider. No, she really didn't.

He'd been gazing into the pen, but now he turned to face her. He was close, so close she could feel the warmth of his skin. "Stop looking so pleased with yourself," he murmured.

"What?"

"You love it, don't you?"

"Love what?" She managed to get her grin under control as she tried to sound puzzled, even though she was sure it was a waste of time. This man read her way too well.

"Seeing me afraid," he said, lowering his head so the words whispered against her skin.

She swallowed and tried for nonchalance. "I'm supremely indifferent. I'm just doing my job."

"Yeah, right," he replied. "Well, wait until I've sussed out what it is you're afraid of."

"You'll never find anything." But there was a catch in her voice.

"Oh, no?" His body crowded hers until she was backed up against the chain-link fence. Her breath caught in her throat as his hands found her wrists and then slid up the length of her arms to grip her shoulders lightly. "So you aren't afraid of this, then?"

Was she?

Her body wanted to melt into his, plaster itself along the solid length of him. She remembered the feel of his erection hard against her the previous night and fought the urge to press her hips forward to see if he was hard again. Maybe he was always hard.

And she was getting out of control.

What the hell was wrong with her?

But still she didn't protest as he pulled her slowly toward his body. Instead, she kept her eyes firmly on his broad chest, not wanting to see the expression in his eyes. He smelled faintly of sweat-not unpleasant-mingled with the sharp, exotic scent of expensive aftershave, and he seemed to exude heat until she felt it would scorch her if their bodies actually touched.

No, she wasn't afraid. She was petrified. But she was also damned if she was going to let him know that.

She didn't want to want him; it complicated matters. She'd seen the messes other women in the army made over men. It was always the woman's fault, always the woman who had to pay the price, and it wasn't going to happen to her.

But she wasn't actually in the army right now; any mess she made would be an entirely private mess. Except this was her employer, and as such, he was out of bounds.

Also, she didn't trust him. He was toying with her. He must be. She wasn't his type, wasn't anywhere near it, so what were his motives?

A low, rumbling growl sounded behind her, and she felt rather than saw him glance into the pen. His hands dropped away, and he stepped back. Dani gave a silent sigh of relief.

"I don't think I'm making any friends here," he said wryly, moving away from her and relaxing visibly when the growling stopped. "Come on, let's get this over with."

Zach was actually very good with the dogs once it was a done deal, allowing them to sniff him and get to know his scent.

"You did really well in there," Dani said as she locked the pen behind them.

"Don't sound so shocked," Zach replied and winked at her. "I knew you wouldn't let them hurt me."

"No, probably not. Unfortunately, it's more than my job's worth." She didn't bother to hide the regret in her voice.

Zach grinned. "If you think I'm such a worthless cause, why are you here? Money?"

"I'm on a sort of temporary retirement thing while I wait for my next physical. I was going crazy doing nothing so Jake suggested this."

"And when is this physical?"

"I don't know, but soon, I think." His gaze was boring into her, and she shifted from foot to foot.

"And then you go back?" he asked.

"If I pass."

"And will you?"

She nibbled on her lower lip. "I don't know. My leg's getting stronger, but I'm just not sure if it's enough."

His gaze dropped down her body, sending a shiver through her. "You're not limping today?"

"No," she answered.

"Gary told me you were injured in an explosion."

"Gary definitely talks too much."

"I asked him." He raised an eyebrow. "Why? Is it a secret?"

"No, just a sore point." She shrugged. "Look, I need to go. I have things to do."

"I'll see you later." He held her gaze expectantly.

Not if she saw him first, but she kept the words to herself. She reckoned offering challenges to Zach would not be a good idea. He got far too much pleasure from winding her up, and she was determined not to give him more ammunition.

Chapter Four

Zach slid open the patio doors and stepped out onto the terrace. From here, he could see down to the Mediterranean, far below. Dawn was approaching, lighting the deep blue sky to the east, and a sickle moon still hung on the horizon. He raised his hands above his head and stretched, easing the kinks out of his back and neck. He'd been up all night writing. And he felt good.

Now a swim, a nap, and then perhaps he'd hunt down the elusive Danielle and see if he couldn't persuade her to have lunch with him. It wasn't going to be easy. Hell, even finding her would be a challenge. He grinned.

A movement over by the wall drew his attention. He turned slightly so he could see. Dani.

Obviously she didn't expect a "useless playboy" to be up at this hour. She was jogging around the perimeter, one of the dogs at her heels. Her hair was pulled into a ponytail, and she wore gray sweats and a sports bra, which left her midriff bare. Her skin was pale, her waist tiny, her breasts...

He took an involuntary step toward her. The dog noticed him first and halted, turned to face him, and barked. Dani glanced across and stumbled. A small cry escaped her as her leg crumpled, and she crashed to the ground.

Zach raced across the expanse of lawns, ignoring the growling dog. Dani lay on her side, her eyes closed, though a pulse fluttered in her throat. Crouching down beside her, he reached out, then dropped his arm to his side and examined her. Was she seriously hurt? From just a fall?

"Shit. Fuck. Crap," she muttered.

The tension drained from him. She probably wasn't that hurt if she could still swear like a trooper. She was so tiny and so fierce, and he couldn't believe how sexy he found that. Sitting back on his heels, he waited. A few seconds later, her lashes flickered open, and she gave him the evil eye.

"Hey, what did I do?" he asked.

"Nothing...I suppose." Dani gritted her teeth as she rolled onto her back. She lay still, her breasts rising and falling with each breath. After a minute, she pushed herself into a sitting position.

"Fucking leg," she growled.

"Maybe you're pushing yourself too hard."

"And maybe it's none of your business." She shook her head, then rubbed her thigh. "Sorry. It probably is your business-after all, you're the one employing a freaking cripple."

"Don't be so melodramatic, sweetheart."

"Don't call me sweetheart."

He bit back a grin, stood up, and held out a hand to her. She glared at it for an eternity. Then she took a deep breath, did that little counting thing she always did when she was pissed, and slid her small hand into his.

Rather than tug her to her feet, he slipped an arm around her waist and picked her up.

"What the-"

"Keep quiet for a minute and accept some help." He tightened his grip.

"Don't want to," she mumbled, but she stopped wriggling and held herself very still.

He liked the feel of her against him once she ceased fighting. The warmth of her breast pressed against his chest, her ponytail tickling his nose. She smelled of jasmine, and sweat, and warm woman. His body responded to her closeness, heat sinking to his groin. He ignored the reaction. This wasn't about sex.

Yet.

She hardly weighed anything, and he carried her with ease back toward the terrace and through the open doors. After laying her gently on the huge sofa, he stepped back and observed her. Small and pale, she awoke protective instincts he would have sworn didn't exist.

She was such a weird combination of fragile and strong. He wasn't sure he liked the feelings she invoked. He didn't want to protect anyone; he was a loner, always had been since he'd headed out on his own at seventeen. And why go all sappy and protective about the one woman who wanted nothing to do with him? Probably his contrary nature playing a joke on him.

"You're staring," she said.

Time to take his mind off the whole protective thing and onto more familiar lines. "Just admiring your breasts."

She pursed her lips then peered down at her chest. "They're pretty well covered."

"Ah, but I've seen them naked, and they're indelibly imprinted on my mind."

"Yeah, right. Along with all the other breasts you've seen."

"But yours were by far the most beautiful."

Dani snorted. "I find that hard to believe."

He cocked his head to one side and considered her. "Why?"

She shifted on the seat, obviously uncomfortable with the way the conversation was going. Underneath all that snarky attitude, there seethed a mass of insecurity and lack of self-esteem. Why was that? He wanted to pull her apart, take away the things that put the pain in her eyes. He was pretty sure it wasn't all because of that bomb blast. The prickles went too deep.

She shook her head. "It doesn't matter, and I have to go."

"No, you don't. Lie back and relax for a few minutes. I'll go get us both coffee."

He watched as the expressions flashed across her face: suspicion, confusion, a little dash of interest-or maybe that was wishful thinking.

"I've got a pot of coffee on. Real coffee," he added temptingly. "Real Columbian coffee, very strong, fresh cream, sugar."

Dani squirmed "How much has Gary been telling you about me?"

"I think this little tidbit might have come from Simon."

Suddenly, the tension drained out of her, and she sagged against the cushions. "Oh, okay then."

"Don't go anywhere. I'll be back in a minute."

...

Dani watched until he disappeared out the door. She should get up and go, but instead she lay on the scarlet leather sofa in the center of the huge, luxuriously decorated living room. It was a beautiful room, with white walls and splashes of bold color. No doubt, her hair was clashing horribly with the sofa.

She rubbed at her thigh. There was a dull ache in the limb, but she didn't think she'd done any real damage. At least, she hoped she hadn't. She'd been pushing herself, farther and faster each day. She was getting stronger and didn't need any setbacks right now.

Outside the glass doors, Angel sat patiently on the terrace. He wagged his tail when he saw her watching. She gave a flick of her hand to wave him off-he was supposed to be working, and he trotted away.

She settled back against the soft cushions, and her gaze drifted down to her breasts. Did Zach really think they were beautiful? She'd always thought of them as...well, just breasts. Maybe a little too big, but not abnormal in any way. She hitched up the top, but like she'd told him-she was adequately covered.

She'd drink her coffee and then hobble home. That's it. No problem...

The smell of freshly brewed coffee wafted into the room as the door opened. Zach carried a tray, which he placed on the table beside the sofa. Then he sank down beside her. Way too close for comfort. His long thigh touched hers and she tried to inch away, but there was no room. Besides, there was an amused glitter in his eyes and she wouldn't give him the satisfaction of showing how uncomfortable he made her feel. Though maybe "uncomfortable" wasn't the right word.

"Come on, sit up." He put his hands under her armpits and pulled her up so she was sitting with her back against the cushions at the side of the sofa.

"I'm not a child."

His gaze ran down over her body, lingering on her breasts-again-and this time, she resisted the urge to squirm. "Believe me, I know that, honey."

"Don't call me..." She trailed off. What was the point? "Coffee," she prompted.

His lips quirked, but he reached across, his arm brushing the side of her breast. He poured a mug of steaming coffee, added cream and sugar, and handed it to her. As she breathed in the rich scent, the rest of the tension drained away. The pain was seeping away as well, and for a moment, she felt at peace. Ignoring the man beside her, she closed her eyes and sipped her drink.

She didn't open her eyes even when the mug was empty, and he took it from her fingers. She felt suspended in time.

"How's the leg?" he asked, interrupting her pleasant interlude.

"Fine."

"Why don't you swim?"

"Swim?"

"You know, in the pool, to exercise your leg."

"My physio did recommend it but..." She shrugged. "I'm not a guest here, and I didn't want to intrude."

"You won't. It's a big pool."

His hard hand came down on her thigh, and she nearly jumped. She forced herself to relax and not move as he rubbed over the tight muscles.

The touch was gentle at first. And felt so good, her lids drifted closed. How long had it been since someone, other than a doctor or therapist, had actually touched her? And this was purely medicinal after all. She had an idea she was deluding herself, but all the same she settled back into the cushions. His strong fingers kneaded the tense muscle, and she swallowed the groan.

"Does that hurt?"

"No."

She hardly noticed when the nature of his touch changed. Instead of massaging, his fingers stroked. First over the top of her thigh, then up the inner seam of her sweatpants from her knee to...she held her breath...nowhere near enough.

What the hell was she thinking? But she couldn't move. A warm, heavy weight was building low down in her belly. He trailed his fingertips over her hip until they reached the bare skin between her pants and her top. She tingled everywhere he touched. A finger dipped into her belly button, and she felt the touch between her thighs, warm liquid heat flooding her.

One hand cupped her breast. He paused, but when she didn't react, he ran the pad of his thumb over the nipple then pinched it between his finger and thumb. A jolt ran through her from her breast to her groin. Her back arched, and her lashes fluttered open. His face was close, so close she could see the golden stubble shadowing his cheeks and jaw. He was going to kiss her, and she didn't dare move. In case he did, or in case he didn't. She wasn't sure.

The moment stretched out between them. Then he dropped a quick kiss on her lips, removed his hand, and pushed himself away from her. He rose to his feet, shoved his hands in his pockets, and stared down at her.

"I'm going for a swim," he said, a vaguely rueful expression in his eyes. "Have some more coffee. Stay as long as you like."

He strode away from her and out the glass doors. A minute later, she heard a splash.

This time when she peeked at her breasts, she could clearly see her traitorous nipples pressing against the thin Lycra.

Fuck.

So much for staying away from the boss.

...

The water wasn't anywhere near cold enough to douse his erection. He swam a fast crawl back and forth until his body regained some semblance of control and the blood retreated from his dick back into his brain. And he could think again.

How the hell did such a tiny woman have such a profound effect on him?

And what the hell had just happened?

He'd had her, literally in the palm of his hand. And he'd backed off.

Was he turning all noble as well as protective?

Christ, he hoped not.

Chapter Five

The sun was rising out beyond the edge of the sea, a huge red ball coloring the sky orange like some exotic cocktail. Dani slid into the water. Still warm from the previous day, it felt like silk against her skin.

This was the fifth morning she'd been swimming and so far, she'd had the place entirely to herself. Each morning, she waited-her body strung taut-for Zach to show himself, to come on to her. So she could tell him, once and for all, in no uncertain terms, to get lost-she wasn't interested. Then maybe she could relax and the nagging sense of anticipation would leave her.

Instead, Zach had been conspicuous in his absence. And at last, she was beginning to relax.

She dived under the water and swam the length of the pool along the bottom, coming up gasping at the far end. She was out of practice, but each day she pushed herself further, loving the stretch of her strengthening muscles.

She turned and did the slow, almost languid breast stroke advised by her physiotherapist. Back and forth, until she came up against the end of the pool to be faced-at nose level-by a pair of bare brown feet. The toes were long and golden, the toenails in better shape than hers. She grimaced then raised her eyes slowly up the length of his body. He was wearing a pair of cream drawstring trousers and nothing else. His belly was almost concave and ridged with muscle, his chest tanned and golden furred, the hair narrowing into a line that ran from the neat indentation of his navel to disappear where his trousers hung low on the jut of his hipbones.

Warmth stole slowly across her body, making the water feel cool by comparison, and she blinked, forcing herself to look higher. His hair was tousled, as though he had just risen from bed, and his sleepy eyes were smiling.

She turned abruptly and dived under the water, trying to cool her heated skin and think up a plan for a dignified retreat.

But she hesitated, because while falling in love and living happily ever after wasn't on her agenda, she wanted what Zach was offering. Desperately.

Besides, she was one hundred percent certain that, whatever Zach offered, it wouldn't include forever. This would be purely sex.

Hot, sweaty, wild sex.

And sex with Zach was something she hadn't been able to drag her mind from since she'd first spotted him naked.

But he was still her employer. Ethically, he was out of bounds.

Also, she didn't trust this man. He was toying with her. She wasn't his type, wasn't anywhere near it, so what were his motives?

When she surfaced, he was still standing there, and he reached to help her out. She stretched up and her hand was engulfed in his larger one, his palm hard and warm. He pulled her from the water with ease and set her on her feet in front of him.

She stared down at the ground but could feel his eyes wandering over her small form in its modest black swimsuit, lingering on the scars that wound around her left thigh.

"You weigh next to nothing," he commented.

"I lost weight after the accident, but I'm putting it back on now. You might not believe it, but I actually eat like a horse."

"So I've heard. Well, a pasta-and-ice-cream-eating horse anyway."

"Gary and Simon again, I presume."

"They do seem to like to talk about you." He strolled around her, paused at her back. "You have a tattoo?"

"So?" She shrugged. "It was a dare from some of the guys."

"Do you always do what people dare you?" His fingers traced the pattern on her shoulder and a prickle ran over her skin. The tattoo was of a paw print-she'd thought it was appropriate.

"It suits you." He came back to stand in front of her, then picked up a large white towel and handed it to her. "Here, dry off. I thought we could talk."

"It's too early to talk," she muttered but took the towel and blotted her hair and body dry before sitting awkwardly on one of the striped poolside loungers.

"You woke me," he said. "My bedroom is just there." He pointed to a set of French windows directly above the pool.

She didn't want to think about Zach in bed. "I'm sorry."

"You don't sound it. I was having the most amazing dream, and you woke me right at the interesting part, so you owe me something now."

She sniffed. "I have absolutely no intention of entertaining you."

But she spread out the towel and lay back on the lounger. She didn't bother to cover up; perhaps if he saw her in all her scrawny glory, scars and everything, he would lay off. She couldn't even begin to compare to the voluptuous blonde she had first seen him with. She bent her left leg at the knee, almost displaying the scar, but he just looked down at her and grinned.

"Think a little thing like that is going to put me off?" he asked.

Yes, she had. It was almost as if he had the ability to read her mind. Damn him. "It's hardly little."

He took a seat on the lounge chair next to her, turning to examine her leg closely.

Strangely, she found she didn't mind. In her experience, most people, when faced with the physical evidence of someone else's suffering, tried their best to ignore it; it was refreshing to find honest interest.

She watched, mesmerized, as those long fingers with their blunt, manicured nails reached out and glided over the pattern of scars that twisted around her thigh. The skin burned where he touched, and she had an almost overwhelming urge to lie back and enjoy the rare contact with another human being. She had a strange inkling of what she had been missing by cutting herself off from physical contact. She'd held herself aloof for so long until it had become second nature, and now she felt the lack almost like a pain in her chest.

Then his fingers stroked smoothly, surely over the soft flesh of her inner thigh, and she closed her eyes and stopped thinking entirely. Long moments later, the movement ceased. She sighed and reluctantly raised her heavy lids to look up at him. His eyes glowed dark gold as they stared down at her. Thankfully, there was no pity reflected in their direct gaze, only some emotion she was reluctant to analyze.

"It must have hurt," he said at last.

"I don't remember."

"Nothing?"

She tried to rally her thoughts. "I remember the dog going crazy, but it was too late. I saw..." She shook her head. "I don't know what I saw. I knew something was wrong and then nothing. Until I woke up in the hospital-that wasn't nice." She paused. "That's all I remember when I'm awake, but sometimes when I'm asleep..."

"You must be very brave."

She frowned. "Brave? Why? I was only doing my job."

"What happened to the dog?"

Dani glanced across at him. It occurred to her that it was impossible to dislike someone who cared enough to ask about the dog. She smiled. "She's fine, better than me, anyway. She was blown clear of the blast. She's retired now though, lost her nerve."

"And you? Have you lost your nerve?"

"I don't know," she replied honestly. "It's hard to be traumatized by something you don't even remember. I probably won't know until I'm up against the same sort of situation again."

His body tensed, and he scrutinized her through half-closed eyes. "You plan to go back?"

"If they send me." Her brows drew together. "Why so surprised? I told you I intended to go back if they'll have me. It's my life."

"I just thought that after this"-he stroked a fingertip along the scar on her leg-"you'd stay at home, do paperwork, training, I don't know."

She glanced away, fiddling with her hair; she wasn't used to it long yet, and it gave her something to do with her hands. When she looked back, he was still studying her. She shivered. It was as if he were taking her to pieces, finding out what made her tick, and that was something she wasn't sure she wanted to know herself, never mind somebody else.

"Why do you want to know all this?" she asked.

"Maybe I'm going to use you in my next book-the selfless heroine risking her life for her country."

Dani's lips turned down at the definite edge of sarcasm in his voice. "I'll sue you if you do."

"Don't worry, I'll make you six foot three with black hair. No one will recognize you, least of all you. After all, I'd probably lose all credibility if I made my heroine five foot nothing."

"Five foot one," she said menacingly.

He grinned with a flash of white teeth in his tanned face-utterly charming. Suddenly, she had to know why he was paying her so much attention. "Why are you being so nice to me?"

"To be perfectly honest, I don't know." He paused and looked her up and down. "You're certainly not my type," he added, somewhat disparagingly.

"I noticed," she said drily, and one corner of his lips quirked up with humor.

"No, you're definitely not my usual type, but there's something about you," he mused. "Maybe I see you as a challenge, or maybe it's an urge to see if I can get a rise out of you."

"You mean you do it on purpose?" She sat up abruptly and narrowed her eyes at him. She'd been quite aware of how often he got a rise out of her-that it was totally premeditated on his part came as quite a shock. She hated the thought that he could manipulate her so easily.

"Well, you don't think I'm this annoying normally, do you?" he asked.

"Actually, yes I did." She smiled sweetly-well, as sweetly as she could manage under the circumstances.

"You have to admit, given our short acquaintance, that I do it extremely well."

Trouble was, she couldn't feel annoyed right now with the sun so warm on her skin. She sighed and lay back, ignoring the man at her side and enjoying the moment. Closing her eyes, she allowed the tension to drain away. She'd been so on edge, so worried for the future. But here in this beautiful place, overlooking the sea, she felt almost as if it were a timeout from real life.

As if in a dream, his shadow blocked out the sun. She kept her eyes closed, maintaining the pretense, as his lips came down softly on her own.

The moment had a feeling of inevitability, the sensations all mingled, the warmth of the sun, the residual caress on the sensitive skin of her thigh, those firm, sure lips moving purposefully against her own.

She'd been waiting for this since the last time he'd touched her. Now she relaxed, opened her eyes and her lips at the same time, and stared up at him as his hot, wet tongue slowly penetrated her. He deepened the kiss, stroking the inside of her mouth as the hard length of his body ground her own into the lounger and she gasped.

Zach stilled instantly. "Sorry," he muttered. "You're too small. I'll squash you."

He pushed himself up onto his elbows, then onto his feet, and Dani bit back a groan of dismay. She didn't want him to stop. She wanted him to keep going, to carry her away in a sensual haze, so she wouldn't have to think about the rights and wrongs. Wouldn't have to consider that she was very likely making a huge mistake that she would regret forever.

Her thoughts were cut off as he picked her up easily and held her cradled against his chest, much as he had after she'd fallen. But now they were both nearly naked and the heat of his skin burned through the thin material of her swimsuit.

He stared down at her, a reckless shimmer in his eyes. "I've spent the last five days persuading myself that this is a really bad idea." His lips curved into a slow smile. "To hell with that."

He carried her through the doors and into the house and sank down onto the scarlet sofa with her still in his arms. After settling her in his lap, he pressed her down so she could feel the hardness of his erection against her bottom. The sensation shocked her. This was really going to happen.

Should she tell him she'd never actually done it before? No. It was no big deal and would spoil the mood. She had an inkling that he wouldn't be pleased by the idea of her innocence. Though maybe "innocence" wasn't the right word.

Besides, she didn't want to stop.

Her breasts felt heavy, heat curled in her belly, and a little pulse throbbed between her thighs. She might never again get the chance to experience this. A once-in-a-lifetime encounter. Something to remember when she returned to real life.

His hands rubbed lazy circles on her back as though to soothe her, but she didn't want to be soothed, and she turned her head and kissed the hot skin of his chest, flicked him with her tongue, tasting the tang of salt on his skin.

Zach groaned then lay back against the cushions, dragging her with him, so she sprawled across the lean length of him. Her face rested in the curve where the satin skin of his shoulder met his throat, and she inhaled deeply, filling her nostrils with his warm, masculine scent. She wriggled against him, loving the sensation of the friction against the tips of her breasts. They seemed to swell, become even more sensitive, and she wriggled some more.

Zach went still beneath her. She put her hands on his shoulders and pushed herself up to gaze down into his face, into those amber eyes, which were hooded and for once serious.

"You want to do this?" he asked.

Did she? But before her mind could rationalize the whole thing, her head was nodding.

His hands stroked down the length of her back, coming to rest on her buttocks. He squeezed and heat flooded between her thighs. She pressed against his hands, not knowing what she wanted but that she definitely wanted something, and he returned the pressure, pulling her down against the hot, hard length of him.

"And I guess it's clear I want you," Zach murmured.

A feeling of almost unbearable excitement filled her, as though her skin would burst. She shifted her hips to better feel the size of him, which seemed pretty impressive, and he groaned.

"Don't do that, honey."

She wouldn't back down from a challenge; she did it again and watched the reaction flash across his face. Staring at that beautiful mouth, she slowly leaned down and licked her tongue along the sensual lower lip. She explored his face with her lips and tongue, scattering butterfly kisses across the hard line of his cheekbones. She licked the salty skin of his throat and then back to his lips. His mouth opened beneath hers, and he finally took control, his hands sliding back up her body to cup her face and hold her still, while his tongue thrust into her mouth, kissing her until she was boneless and mindless.

After long minutes, he pulled away. "Just lift up a minute, sweetheart."

He lifted her off him so she knelt on the sofa at his side, then reached into his pants pocket and pulled out a small foil packet. Dani shook her head, trying to get her brain to function. What sort of man carried a condom in his pocket? Easy question. One who had come out with the intention of having sex.

"Are you always this prepared?" she asked. "Or were you so sure of me?"

He glanced at her, the corner of his mouth quirked. "Hopeful rather than sure."

As he pushed his pants down over his lean hips, she couldn't resist glancing down. Then she stared. He was big, bigger than she'd expected, bigger than she'd imagined when she'd moved on him only minutes ago. When had it gotten that big?

Rock hard, it stood to attention flat against his lean, muscular belly, the skin taut with a satin sheen, the head blushed with blood. The thing pulsated under her stare.

"Fuck," she muttered.

He flashed her a devastating smile. "Well, I sincerely hope so now that we've gotten this far."

She sat back on her heels while he rolled the condom down over his erection. Then swallowed. A warm, heavy weight built inside her at the thought of all that pushing into her. Her sex felt hot and swollen, and her swimsuit chafed against her nipples. But not for long.

"There. Done," he murmured, reaching for her. "Now to unwrap you." His hands moved to her shoulders and he slipped his fingers under the straps and peeled the damp material from her breasts, then down over her hips. She wriggled out of it, and he tossed the scrap on the floor.

Help.

Oh God, she was naked, but Zach didn't give her time to think. Clasping her by the hips, he tugged her across his body so she straddled his hips. This time there was nothing between them. The scorching length of him pressed against her belly, and she was totally aware of her bare sex resting against his hair-roughened thigh. His hands slid up to cup her breasts, and the pad of his thumbs rubbing over the peaks sent a jolt of pleasure along her nerves.

Her nipples tightened, and she held her breath as his head lowered and he stroked his tongue over her then sucked one taut peak into his mouth. The sensation was exquisite, and her head fell back and her spine arched. Gripping his shoulders for balance, she closed her eyes and gave herself up to the sensations coursing through her. He shifted to the other breast, while one hand slid down between them and tangled in the curls at the base of her belly.

She went instantly motionless, but his mouth was still tugging at her nipples, scraping the sensitive peaks with his teeth then soothing with the warm velvet of his tongue. She couldn't focus, her body out of control.

One long finger probed between the folds of her sex.

"Oh." The word left her on a sigh.

"You are so wet," he murmured as his finger pushed inside then withdrew and spread the slippery moisture over her sex. He teased a lazy circle around her clit, then again, until she thought she would go mad with need. Her hips jerked and finally he touched her there, stroking the tiny nub, and nothing in her whole life had ever felt so good. Her thighs widened without conscious thought, and he slipped his hands between them, two fingers pushed inside her while the heel of his hand massaged her clit. His fingers stroked her inner walls, sending tingles shooting through her. A pulse started its insistent throb deep in her body. She needed something, was reaching for something. Nearly there...

He withdrew his hand, and she almost screamed.

"I want to be inside you when you come." He gripped her hips and lifted her, positioning her until the head of his cock nudged at her opening. Holding her steady, he filled her with one hard thrust of his hips.

She'd expected pain, but there was none, just a feeling of fullness. One hand shifted from her hips, and he stroked the damp hair from her face. "I'm guessing it's been a while for you?"

He was? How was he guessing that? "Maybe."

"That's okay. We'll take it nice and slow." He gave an almost languid flex of his hips and she felt the movement deep inside her. "This time."

"I won't break. And I don't want it nice and slow."

"So how do you want it, sweetheart?"

Chapter Six

Crap, she didn't know. How could she? She'd never done this before. But nice and slow sounded so not right. Dani looked up into the hard planes of Zach's face, felt the pent-up power in his muscular body. An urge swept through her to release that power, to lose herself in it.

So how did she want it?

Hard and fast and wild and...

She shifted restlessly then gasped as he pulsed inside her. His lids drooped, and he studied her. "Okay, we'll do it your way."

In one fluid move he twisted so she lay beneath him, his weight held on his elbows, his cock still deep inside her. He pulled out slowly, and she gasped at the exquisite drag of his flesh against hers. Then he shoved back inside her with a force that sent her heart racing. She arched in response, taking him fully.

Then he was slamming into her hard and fast, taking her over, driving all thoughts from her mind. Part pain, part pleasure. She was aware of nothing but the huge, hard body moving inside her. Forcing its way in, then pulling out, so she wrapped her legs around him so he couldn't leave her completely.

She blinked open her eyes and found him watching her, his eyes glittering, fierce, his jaw clenched, and she reveled in the knowledge that he was as affected as she was. His hips pumped and a sheen of sweat gleamed on his skin. He lowered his head and kissed her throat, her breasts, her nipples, and the feeling inside her transformed, grew heavy, insistent.

As if he could sense the change, he altered the tempo, each thrust accompanied by a roll of his hips, so each inward stroke ground against the tiny nub between her thighs. She threaded her hands into his hair, holding his head to her breasts, then tightened her legs around his waist, pushing against him, reaching for the release she needed so desperately.

Finally, when she knew she couldn't take much more, he shoved into her, rotated his hips hard against her, and the pleasure exploded. Dani shattered into a thousand pieces. Her mouth opened on a scream, and he trapped the sound inside her with his lips on hers.

He thrust twice more, and she felt him pulsate and knew he'd found his own release. His lips left hers and his head went back. She watched, fascinated, as every muscle in his body clenched tight. At last, the tension oozed out of him. He rolled over, his arms still holding her so she lay supine on top of him, with his cock still lodged firmly inside. The movement sent a shiver of residual pleasure through her.

"Holy crap," she muttered.

A chuckle shook his chest beneath her. "I couldn't have put it better myself."

Every muscle was limp. She felt boneless, replete, unlike how she'd ever felt in her entire life. A lazy smile curved his lips, and his eyes held a sleepy satisfaction.

"Next time we'll take it slow." He raised his head from the cushion and pressed a lingering kiss on her lips. "You'll like it slow, I promise."

She tried to stir herself to say there wouldn't be a next time, but she couldn't get up the energy. There was an ache between her legs and a twinge in her injured thigh. He was still inside her and as his hot hands slid down her back to cup her ass, she felt him shudder and swell.

"How about we head to my bedroom and spend the day working out how you like it best?" he murmured.

Of course that was out of the question. Really, it was. So why did her hips do a little wriggle and then a squirm as he moved inside her?

"Do you like that idea? I know all sorts of ways. We could list them out and you could choose what's next. Though first I want to kiss you." He nibbled on her earlobe, sending shivers running through her. "All over."

She swallowed as an image of his head between her thighs flashed through her mind. That little pulse was starting up again. Her clit throbbing. It liked the idea.

Maybe the whole one-time experience could be a day-long thing. Just one day and then she'd-

A rap sounded on the glass doors.

Instinctively, she raised her head and peered over the back of the sofa.

Gary and Simon stood in the open doorway. "Sorry, Zach, we didn't realize you had... Dani?"

"Shit." She closed her eyes and slid down, trying to merge into the sofa. It didn't work and she finally opened them again and glared into Zach's face.

"I think we've been caught," Zach murmured. "You should have kept your head down, sweetheart. They might not have seen you." His voice was tinged with rueful amusement.

She peered over the edge again. Unfortunately, they weren't a figment of her imagination. Gary and Simon stood seemingly rooted to the spot, shock and disbelief etched into their faces.

Dani tried to get up but Zach held her firmly in place. "Give me a moment, honey." He closed his eyes briefly, swallowed, then put his hands on her hips and lifted her to sit on the seat. "Stay there."

The back of the sofa hid her from view and she was quite happy to remain that way. She grabbed a cushion and held it clutched to her middle while Zach pulled on his pants and rose to his feet.

She didn't take in the words Zach spoke to the other men, but she was vaguely aware that they weren't polite. Not that she cared; it worked. She heard them turn and go, but she still couldn't bring herself to move and face reality.

She was studying the tiles on the floor when he touched her arm lightly, and she jumped. "I take it we aren't going to adjourn to my bedroom," Zach said.

Dani raised her head and gave him a narrow-eyed stare.

He sighed. "No, I didn't think so. Wait there a moment." She watched as he left the room, contemplating making a speedy escape, but she wanted to be sure Gary and Simon had left the vicinity before she moved. She didn't want to run into them until she was fully dressed and had regained her composure. If that ever happened.

Zach came back and tossed her a white robe. Then he turned from her and walked out onto the terrace.

A moment later, she heard a splash. He'd jumped into the pool. Maybe she should do the same. Instead, she dragged on the robe and wrapped it tight around herself with trembling hands. What had gotten into her? But it had felt so good. Even now, her body resonated with the pleasure.

Dani took a deep breath and got to her feet. Might as well face him and get it over with. He was pulling himself out of the pool as she walked onto the terrace. And he was naked and already semi-hard again. She closed her eyes-that was so not helping.

He laughed softly. "Come on, Dani. You can hardly be shy." He waved a hand at his cock, which was getting bigger by the second. "It's not as though the two of you haven't been introduced." Amusement laced his voice, and she opened her eyes and shot daggers at him. "Not the response I normally get."

Not surprising. It wasn't only the fact that he was naked and sporting what was now a super-impressive hard-on. It was his confidence, the total absence of inhibitions, the grace of his movements. She threw him a towel then turned away. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw him pick it up, but instead of wrapping it around himself, he used it to rub his hair dry.

Sinking onto one of the sun loungers, she stared at the view down the mountain to the sea. Zach sat down next to her.

"Right, I'll be on my way," she said.

"Just like that?"

She glanced at his face. His eyes were narrowed, his jaw tight. What did he have to be annoyed about? He wasn't the one who'd been found in a totally compromising position by his colleagues-who were probably going to make her life hell because of it.

She tugged at a strand of hair. "I've got work to do."

"Don't you think we need to talk about what happened?"

"I'm going to have to talk about it enough with Gary and Simon. So if it's okay with you, I think I'll pass thanks."

He reached across and tucked the strand of hair behind her ear, then stroked his knuckles across her cheek. "I don't mean Gary and Simon's interruption. I mean before. We didn't do anything wrong."

Lacing her fingers in her lap, she chewed her lower lip, still sensitive from his kisses. "Yes, we did, or at least I did-it was unprofessional. I'm supposed to be protecting you."

"Actually, you're not. The dogs are here to protect me. If I promise not to kiss them, will you come to bed with me? I'll make sure we're not interrupted."

"Now?" Dani couldn't keep the shock from her voice or the ripple of sensation that ran through her body at the thought.

"No, not now." He gave her a rueful smile. "I think the mood's been ruined. But soon."

"I don't think the mood's ever going to come back." She dropped her head to her hands. "Oh God, I've got to go and see Gary and Simon. The longer I leave it, the more they'll work themselves up."

"What's the big deal? You're not their responsibility." He rested his palm on her shoulder and gave her a little shake. "They're not your boyfriend, or your father or your brother."

She raised her head. "I know that; you know that. Unfortunately, Gary and Simon have not been made aware of it. You don't understand-it's always been like this. It's like there's always been this great, big conspiracy. Ever since I joined up. They all think I need looking after. Up until now, it didn't matter, and I've just pretended I don't notice. It seemed the easier option and it made them feel good."

He studied her for a moment, as if trying to determine what made her tick. "You're a nice person, you know that?"

"No, I'm not."

"So how about going to bed with me?"

God, he was persistent. She felt the first stirrings of anger-a definite improvement. Her eyes narrowed dangerously.

"I suggest you close your eyes and count to twenty," he said with a grin.

"What?"

"You always count when you're angry-you move your lips sometimes when you're doing it."

She kept her eyes wide open, stood up, and stalked off with as much dignity as she could muster. Which wasn't very much.

...

"What?" she snapped. After all, belligerence was vastly better than embarrassment, which seemed like her only other option right now.

It was like being back at school, and she'd hated school. They were both standing there staring at her, identical looks of recrimination on their faces. Well, not quite identical, since Simon's was tinged with a look of hurt that made her feel really annoyed and vaguely guilty at the same time.

"You had sex with him." Simon almost hissed the words and Gary looked across at him.

"Simon, why don't you go patrol or something. I'll deal with this."

Simon glowered at them both, but then stomped out of the room, leaving Dani facing Gary. She heaved a sigh of relief, then took a deep breath. "Just what exactly is there to deal with?"

"You had sex with him."

Dani let out her breath in annoyance. "So?"

He shoved his hands in his pockets and paced for a minute. Finally he came back to stand in front of her. "He's our employer right now, and you're supposed to be here to protect him."

"No. Actually Angel and Spike are here to protect him." She was quite proud of herself for remembering Zach's earlier argument.

Gary rubbed his forehead and sighed. She got the impression he was no happier with this conversation than she was. Good. "Dani, you don't know what you're doing."

She didn't even try to deny it. "Does it matter?"

"Yes." He raked a hand through his short hair, and she felt just a little bit sorry for him. She was guessing poor Gary hadn't envisioned this situation. "You don't know the score, Dani. This guy changes his women on a daily basis."

"Well, that makes him perfect. The last thing I want is a clingy guy. Anyway, I thought you liked him."

"I do, but I wouldn't want my sister sleeping with him."

The sympathy vanished, and she gritted her teeth. "I'm not your sister."

"No you're not. My sister could look after herself. You..." He shook his head. "Hell, before today I've never even seen you look at a man, and now you're all over one."

"All over? Hardly."

Gary raised an incredulous eyebrow. "If that's what you think, you definitely don't know what you're doing."

Dani crossed her arms and tapped her foot. "I'm twenty-seven. Maybe it's about time I found out."

"If that's what you're thinking, why can't you find out with Simon? He'll look after you."

Okay, she was getting seriously pissed off now. "I don't need looking after."

"Maybe, but I've known you a long time. Besides, Jake will kill me if-"

"I'm not Jake's sister, either."

"Okay, Okay." He held up his hands in defeat, then tried a different tack. "You do know that Zach's only using you. He's probably going to put you in one of his books."

"Yeah, I know-the selfless heroine. But it's okay, we've already discussed it. He's going to make me six foot three so no one will recognize me." She sighed. "Look, I know you guys seem to think I need looking after."

"You do?"

"You may think you're being subtle but..." She shook her head. "Anyway, I've let it go, but you've got to realize that I'm all grown up. I can fight my own battles."

Gary opened his mouth, ready to continue the argument, and suddenly the fight went out of her. She held up a hand to stall him. After all, what was the point? No sense in arguing when there would be no repeat of this morning's incident. Incident? It didn't seem an adequate word for what had happened.

Maybe, once she had thought it all through, she'd come up with a rational explanation for her reactions. Like total insanity or hormones gone crazy. Yeah, hormones sounded good.

"It's not going to happen again."

Gary cast her a skeptical glance. "It's not?"

"No. I'll make you a deal-if I promise to do my best to avoid Zach, can we forget this ever happened?"

"Deal."

...

The heat of the day had given way to the balmy warmth of early evening. Zach lay back in the hammock and realized he felt at peace. The smothering sense of restlessness that had plagued him since he'd arrived had abated. He'd curbed his initial urge to go confront Dani-she needed a little space-and spent the afternoon writing. The words had flowed from his fingers.

Now, he stared up at the blue sky and considered his next move.

She'd been so hot and sweet and welcoming once she'd accepted the inevitable. Underneath that prickly exterior lay a sensual woman. It made him curious about why the prickles existed. Why had she grown that protective layer? What was she defending herself from?

Strangely, he needed to know the answers. Though being blown up by a bomb was enough to make anyone a little defensive.

By now, she'd have come to terms with what they'd done and were going to do again in the very near future. They might as well enjoy each other for the duration of their sojourn here. Then he could go back to his real life and so could Dani. A shiver of misgiving ran through him. She couldn't go back in the army, back into danger. Why the hell would she even want to?

Hopefully, Gary hadn't given her a hard time. He would sort out Gary if he had to-get him off her back. Though Gary had her best interests at heart and was genuinely fond of her, he wanted to make sure she was okay.

But hell, Zach wasn't going to hurt her. He might even help her. A little mind-blowing sex might bring her out of her shell. Make her realize there was more to life than the army.

He'd love to show her L.A. and New York.

Wait...where the hell did that come from?

His cell phone rang from the house. He'd been ignoring it all day while he wrote. Now, he rolled off the hammock and headed inside. He flicked on the phone and saw it was Jake and, by the looks of his missed calls, it wasn't the first time he'd called.

"Hi," he said. "You calling to say you've found the asshole who sent those threats, and I'm free to go?"

"No."

He waited. "Well? You got me off a perfectly good hammock. Are you going to tell me what for?"

"How are you and Dani getting along?"

Zach strolled over to the doors and glanced out. Who the hell had been talking? Gary, he presumed. "We're getting along okay. Any reason we shouldn't?"

Jake obviously wasn't buying it. "Look, I know she comes across as confident but she's a mess. Leave her alone. The boys are hinting around that you might be interested in her, and that's just a bad idea for everyone."

"Maybe she needs something to take her mind off her leg and the physical."

"Hell, she was screwed up before the bomb blast."

"She was?"

"Yeah. I met her when she first joined the army, and she was as fucked up back then. She settled down great, but there's something in her past. You know any other twenty-seven-year-old virgins?"

For a moment, Zach's mind went blank. "Twenty-seven-year-old what?" Had Jake just said Dani was a virgin? He cast his mind back. She hadn't seemed like a virgin. But then what did he know? He was pretty sure he'd never had a virgin before. He shook his head. And how the hell did Jake know, anyway?

"Look, forget it, but back off Dani," Jake said, cutting into his thoughts. "I don't want you screwing around with her then dumping her when you see something you like better. She's a friend, and she doesn't deserve that."

Zach winced. It was nice to know his best friend had such a high opinion of him.

"You're just bored," Jake continued. "Invite someone over there. Party a little."

"Maybe I will. Anyway, haven't you got anything better to do than hassle me about my non-existent love life? Aren't you getting married in just over a week?"

"I'm keeping out of the preparations. So is Kim for that matter. I don't think she's the big wedding type."

"I thought it was a small wedding."

"So did I. Until my mother got involved."

Zach laughed. Jake sounded morose and it was good to know he wasn't the only one with mother problems. "I can't wait to see it."

"You're still coming?"

"Yeah, but don't worry, I'll bring one of my babysitters, and I'll arrive that morning. No time for the bad guys to find me."

"Good. I'll see you then."

Zach wandered back out onto the terrace when the call ended. A goddamn virgin? Well, not anymore. Shit. Why hadn't she said something?

He couldn't believe Jake had felt the need to warn him off. He might have a few commitment issues, but he was always honest up front and he'd never hurt anyone. Most of his exes stayed friends. But maybe that was Jake's point. Dani wasn't like his other lovers.

In the past, he'd always picked women who could look after themselves, and he supposed at first sight, Dani came across that way as well. She was a soldier for Christ's sake. But he remembered the brief flashes of vulnerability he'd occasionally catch in her expression.

That was partly what drew him, the mass of contradictions.

No, Jake was right. He needed to step back. Maybe they could be friends. Yeah, they could be pals-just as soon as the memory of her naked beneath him faded from his mind.

Chapter Seven

"Bad news?"

Engrossed in her letter, Dani hadn't even heard Zach approach. If she had, she'd have probably made a run for it, as she'd done every time she caught a glimpse of him over the past week. But this time it was too late; escape was impossible. She took advantage of the fact to feast her eyes-safely hidden behind her sunglasses-on the long, lean length of him. She sighed. He was beautiful. And she was finding it hard to believe that they'd gotten naked together. It seemed like a lifetime ago.

"Sorry? What did you say?"

Zach sank to the grass next to her. "You look like you've had some bad news." He waved a hand at the letter she was reading.

"No, nothing like that." She sighed again and thrust the letter over to him. "It's my physical. They've given me a date."

He scanned the letter. "That's good, isn't it? It's what you wanted?"

"Yes, and it's still three weeks away. Maybe I'll be ready." She flexed her leg almost without thinking and felt the ache. Rubbing it absently, she nibbled at her lower lip until she became aware he was giving her that intensely scrutinizing look, as though he were deciding what made her tick.

"What?" she asked almost belligerently.

"Why does it mean so much to you?"

"Why does what mean so much?"

"Getting back into the army. Why is it so important? I would have thought, after what you've been through, that you'd be glad to be done with it."

"I love the army," she replied simply.

"What? All that being told what to do, what to wear. Didn't you hate it?"

She smiled. "I loved it-the order, knowing what to do and when to do it. My childhood was a little"-she paused while she thought of a suitable word-"unstructured."

"Is that why you joined?"

"Sort of." She fiddled with her hair while considering telling him the rest. "I'd also gotten into a bit of trouble."

"Trouble?"

"I stole a car."

His eyes widened, then his lips curled into a small smile. "I don't believe you."

Dani shrugged. "It was sort of a dare. Anyway, it wasn't exactly the first time I'd been in trouble, and the social worker in charge of my case suggested that the army might be a good career option. I told you they all thought I was stupid. But right from the start, it felt right-like I fit in. I loved the organization, the control, knowing what I was supposed to do and actually having someone care if I did it or not."

"What did your parents think?"

"They didn't." Zach raised an eyebrow in query and to Dani's surprise, she found herself explaining. "My mother left us when I was twelve. I'm not even sure my father realized she hadn't taken me with her." She made it sound like a joke. But it hadn't been funny. At the time, it had felt like the end of the world. Or would have, if the world she'd known hadn't already ended. But she was definitely not going to talk about that.

"So you're not close, then."

She shook her head, not bothering to mention that she hadn't seen either of her parents in ten years. "What about you?"

"What about me?"

"Are you close to your family?"

"Oh yeah. I have a mother, a father, and four older sisters, all of whom still think I need looking after. Oh, and at least twelve nieces and nephews. What? Why the skeptical look?"

"No reason. It's just that I can't actually imagine you with a mother and father-you know, like normal people."

"You think I magically appeared one day in a puff of brimstone and sulfur? Well, I do, and I even see them occasionally, but I can't take more than a couple of days at a time. They make me feel like I'm ten again." He shuddered. "I hated being ten."

"Why?"

"They smothered me. Can you imagine four older sisters? It was absolute hell being the center of all that feminine attention." He shivered dramatically. "Then, when I was ten, I got sick. It turned out to be leukemia. I got through it okay but after that, my life wasn't worth living. I couldn't even move without someone asking if I was okay. It drove me crazy. So at seventeen I was out of there. I packed a backpack and was off. Did any job I could get. Did it until I got bored, then moved on." He glanced across at Dani. "I've got a very low boredom threshold."

Dani grinned. "Yes, I heard that about you."

Zach looked almost affronted. "Who's been talking?"

"Does it matter? You admitted it yourself-why look so upset when someone else says the same?"

"I'm not upset. I just like to be in control of my own publicity." He leaned back on his elbows, crossing his long legs at the ankles, and she tried not to stare. "I gather you've been avoiding me?"

"Hmm," she said, trying for noncommittal. But the truth was, if he'd wanted to seek her out, he could have. So he'd obviously decided the sex thing was a mistake as well. Or maybe now he'd had her, he wasn't interested anymore.

"Not even going to bother denying it?"

"Nope."

"Why?" he asked.

"Why what?" she replied to give herself time to think. "Why am I avoiding you or why aren't I denying it?"

"Both."

She just gave another shrug.

"You haven't even been swimming," he said. "Isn't that cutting off your nose to spite your face?"

"As a writer, should you be allowing yourself to talk in such cliches?"

"Definitely not." He stared off into the distance, his lips a firm line as if considering his next words. "Jake called me."

"What?" She shook her head at the abrupt change in direction.

"I wasn't sure whether to mention it, but then I didn't want you to think we'd had sex and then that was it-I wasn't interested anymore."

"I'm not getting this. What has Jake got to do with you and me having sex?"

"He called the other day and warned me off you."

"Fuck. I'll kill Gary."

"If it's any consolation, I don't think he actually told Jake we did it."

"And how would you know that?" And why did she get the feeling she wasn't going to like the answer?

"Because Jake told me you were a virgin."

"Fuck. I'll kill Jake as well. And how the fuck would he know?"

"So are you?"

She glared at him and his lips twitched.

"So were you?" he rephrased the question.

"None of your-" She broke off. What did it matter? She wasn't ashamed of her now long-gone virginity; celibacy had been a conscious decision she'd made early on in her career. And before the army, she'd been a total tomboy. "It's not so weird. When I joined up, I wanted to be taken seriously. I had enough disadvantages without getting that sort of reputation."

"So why me?"

She so didn't want this conversation. But maybe it was better to get the whole thing out in the open and then they could forget it, put it behind them. "This"-she waved a hand around her-"doesn't seem real to me. In real life, I don't want a relationship; it doesn't fit into my life. But I thought that maybe this was my one chance to experience sex, to find out if all the hype is true, before I go back to the real world. And you're gorgeous and experienced and..."

"So far, so good, but I suspect I'm not going to like the next bit."

"And you're also decadent and immoral and there's no way I could come to care for you. So you're safe."

"Ouch. You know there's such a thing as being too honest. So tell me. Was the hype true?"

Oh yeah. She considered lying, but she figured he'd known how much she'd enjoyed it. She gave a quick nod.

"You used me?" he said.

"Yup."

"So why stop now? Why not use me some more?"

Good question. He was so beautiful, merely looking at him made her totally aware of her body, her nipples tingled, and her sex clenched with remembered desire, so she shifted where she sat. She had a flashback to how he'd felt inside her, all that male power focused solely on her. She could lose herself in him. Never find herself again. The idea terrified her. That wasn't who she was or wanted to be. She wanted to be in control.

"Let's just say that once was enough and leave it at that. You're my employer, and it's inappropriate."

"But-"

"Can we change the subject?" Why was he going on about it anyway? He'd obviously taken Jake's advice and stayed away. She counted to ten. "Let's forget it ever happened." Taking a deep breath, she pasted on a smile. "You look very stylish today. Are you off somewhere?"

For a minute, she thought he was going to pursue the subject. In which case she was going to get up and walk away. Then he exhaled loudly. "I'm heading into town. I thought you might join me. We could get some lunch. Just friends."

"Which part of me avoiding you are you not getting here?"

"I know this great little pizza place."

God, she wanted to, and not for the pizza. "No thank you," she replied primly. "Anyway, I might go and use the pool now that I know you're going to be out of the way for a few hours."

He gave her a disgusted look. "Coward." He got to his feet, and she watched wistfully as he strolled away from her. Gary should be proud. So should Jake. That had definitely taken willpower.

...

"I've brought you a present," Zach said.

It was hours after he'd left her. Dani had had her swim, then spent some time working with the dogs, and now it was early afternoon-siesta time by anyone's standards-and she was lying sprawled under the olive trees by the kennels.

"Come on, I know you're not asleep."

When she still didn't move, he nudged her with his toe.

"Go away," she mumbled, trying to push away the offending toe. It retreated, but only slightly.

"Sit up, and I'll give it to you."

She opened her eyes but didn't sit up. "I don't want a present."

"All women want presents." He sounded scandalized, and his hand flew to his heart in a totally over-the-top gesture of shock, but his eyes twinkled with amusement.

Ignoring the butterflies in her stomach, she heaved an exaggerated sigh and pushed herself up, brushing the grass from her shorts and T-shirt. "I don't want you buying me things."

"Don't worry, it's nothing compromising. No jewelry or sexy underwear. In fact, I didn't even have to pay for it."

Dani couldn't quite prevent her eyes from straying to the package he carried. No one had ever brought her a present before.

"Here, take it. It's not going to bite, and I don't expect any favors in return."

Dani took it gingerly and turned it over in her hands. It was a small box, maybe six inches square, and had been sent from England. She glanced up to find Zach hovering above her, his hands shoved into his pockets, a faintly expectant gleam in his eyes.

She ripped off the wrapping and inside was an iPod. She picked it up and looked at it curiously, wondering why he would have bought her music.

"Switch it on," he said.

She did and found that it wasn't loaded with music but with audio books. She looked down the list and found they were all copies of Zach's novels, read by Zach himself.

"I had my publisher load them and send them over."

Dani blinked back a tear; the thoughtfulness behind the gift touched her. She stared at the ground for a long moment. She badly wanted to be alone, but he was still hovering.

"Hey, don't go all mushy on me," he said. "Anyway, you'll probably hate them and they'll justify your entire opinion of me."

"Probably."

"Actually, I've got something else for you."

"You do?" She knew she sounded suspicious, but he definitely looked shifty.

"Hmm, it's in the car. I thought I'd better wait and see what sort of mood you were in." He gave her a wink. "Wait here, and don't move."

Dani watched him as he hurried across the grass toward his parked car. She looked down at the iPod and clicked one of the books. It came up with a picture of Zach looking much more presentable than he did at the moment, his blond hair immaculately styled but that same smile on his lips, the one that caused her chest to ache. She ran a finger over the screen.

When Zach returned, he was carrying something in his arms, something that wriggled, something he was not entirely happy to be carrying if his body language was anything to go by.

As he got closer, she saw that it was a small dog-white and ginger, about the same size as a toy poodle, but with absolutely no other resemblance to a pampered pooch. Skinny, its hair a mess of tangles, a lost, panicked look in its slightly protuberant brown eyes. Dani had to resist the urge to grab it from him and cuddle the little thing against her. "Don't tell me you sent for this as well."

"Nope, found it out on the road by that big skip. I nearly ran it over, but I stopped in time." He put the animal on the ground at her feet, appearing very pleased to be free of his burden. "It sort of reminded me of you."

"In what way?"

"Small, red hair, snappy. Tries to pretend it doesn't like me."

She looked at the little animal again. "I can't keep him. I can't have a pet dog. It wouldn't fit in with my lifestyle, and where would it live when I go back into the army?"

"Well, I can always put it back outside, or maybe take it down to the local vet and get it put out of its misery. I figure it's been abandoned. Looks like it hasn't had a good meal in a long time." He hunkered down next to her, reaching out a finger to stroke it but withdrawing rapidly as the dog bared its teeth. "Oh well, if no one wants it..."

But Dani was reaching for the dog as he spoke. She was well aware that he was winding her up, shamelessly manipulating her, but it didn't matter.

"I can't keep him," she said again. "It's not possible. But I can give him some food and a bath and..." She stared at the dog for a minute. "I think I'll call him Skip, after where you found him."

She scrambled to her feet, picked up her iPod with one hand, and gathered up the dog with the other. She waited for it to bare its teeth, but it didn't, just snuggled its little body against her and looked at Zach suspiciously.

"Thanks for the presents."

"I thought we could..."

But Dani was already hurrying across the lawn.

Chapter Eight

Zach glanced up as she came through the glass doors from the terrace. He was obviously concentrating on the file in his hands, but he smiled and put it down when he saw her.

"Danielle?"

She didn't bother to correct him.

"I just finished listening to your books and I-" She was interrupted by the door opening to reveal a stunning blonde in a pink bikini.

"Sorry, darling. Am I interrupting?"

Darling? Dani almost felt herself shrink. Blond? Voluptuous? If she wasn't mistaken, this was Zach's accountant, last seen floating naked in the pool groping his equally naked ass. The blonde he had told Dani she wouldn't be bumping into anytime soon. What was she doing here? Stupid question.

"Lauren, come in and meet Dani."

"Dani?"

"Hmm, she's one of my bodyguards."

Lauren strolled across the room, coming to a halt beside Zach and resting a hand on his arm. Dani stared at the point of contact and held herself very still.

"Really?" Lauren said, and the word contained so much disbelief that Dani would have actually smiled, except she had never felt less like smiling in her life.

"So, what did you want, Dani?" Zach asked.

"Nothing, it can wait." She shook her head and turned to go.

"Dani?"

She paused but didn't look back. "Yes."

"You're coming to dinner tonight."

"I am?"

"You all are. We'll see you at seven."

"We'll see you at seven," Dani muttered under her breath as she left. "We" presumably meaning him and Lauren.

She'd been so buoyed up, and now she felt totally deflated. She picked up Skip from where he was sleeping curled up on a chair on the terrace, and set off for a long walk in the hills behind the villa. She walked until her leg ached, following the steep tracks made over hundreds of years by mules and goats. Then she perched on a rock high above the villa and looked down.

When she thought about it, she wasn't so much taken aback with seeing the other woman with Zach, as with her own reaction to it. She had done a pretty good job of avoiding him for the past week. She'd been proud of herself and she had almost convinced herself that Zach meant nothing to her. Then he had given her his gifts, and she had spent every spare moment since listening to his smooth, rich voice, weaving the magic of his stories.

She'd been totally entranced. That was what she had gone to tell him. Had needed to tell him. It didn't have anything to do with the fact that she couldn't stop thinking about him. Or that listening to that low, husky voice had reminded her of the words he'd whispered as he'd made love to her. No, it had nothing to do with that. But he deserved to be told. She'd never considered audio books before and she felt as though a whole new world had opened up for her. That was all.

And now she was faced with the fact that she had been wrong, so wrong. If Zach meant nothing, why was the thought of him and Lauren together tearing her apart? She had a sudden flashback to that first day. Zach and Lauren naked together. Both so beautiful, so perfect.

She wasn't perfect; she was damaged. She stroked her hand down her thigh, but even as she felt the raised edges of the scar beneath the cotton of her trousers, she knew that it wasn't only physically that she was imperfect. There was something fundamental missing in her, something that had been missing since Sam had died.

So while she had to accept that Zach meant something to her, she also had to accept that she meant nothing to Zach. Oh, he'd made love to her. But he'd made love to a lot of women. He'd backed off super quick when Jake had suggested he should. Or maybe it had been the "virgin" thing he couldn't take. He was probably worried she was going to go all clingy on him. Never going to happen.

People like Lauren and Zach belonged to the same world. A world where she would always be an outsider. But it hurt.

Until she had seen Lauren today, she hadn't realized how different she had felt over the past few weeks. Even doing her best to ignore Zach, she had still been aware that he was there, somewhere. It had been something new, something exciting, and now it was over. She just had to get a grip and decide how she was going to act, although there really didn't seem to be a lot of choice. She'd make it through dinner and she'd act as though she didn't care-as though it didn't matter. She sighed. She was good at that. After all, she'd had a lot of practice.

The sun was going down when she finally stood up, brushed herself off, and headed back toward the villa, Skip at her heels.

...

Dani came out of her room having showered and changed into clean, if otherwise identical, clothes, to find Gary and Simon waiting for her. Both looked pretty put-together in long pants and button-down shirts.

"Are we supposed to be dressing up?" she asked. Dressing up wasn't one of her strong points, and even if she had wanted to, it wasn't really an option anyway.

"Yes," Gary replied, giving her shorts and T-shirt a disapproving look. "Don't you have anything...?"

She peered down at herself-she looked okay. "Anything what?"

"More...feminine."

"Duh, no," she replied. "Do you?" Gary grinned and Dani continued. "Anyway, why all this elegance?" They both looked a little shifty, and she snorted. "I take it you've met Lauren."

More than a little shifty, she decided.

"We took her down to meet the dogs this afternoon," Gary answered.

"Really? It took both of you to do it? And shouldn't that be my job? Why didn't I do that?"

"Well," Simon said, and Dani was pleased to hear the hint of guilt in his voice, "Zach said he'd been going to ask you but you disappeared pretty quickly and no one could find you. Where were you, anyway?"

"Around." She shrugged. "Come on, let's get this over with."

Zach and Lauren looked pretty good as well. In fact, everyone was gorgeous, with one obvious exception. She tried not to stare as Zach walked toward them, but it took a lot of effort. He was dressed in dark trousers and a white silk shirt, the sleeves rolled up to show strong, tanned forearms. Probably been sunbathing again, she thought caustically.

She turned her gaze to Lauren, who had gone for a matching look in a black-and-white sundress that showed off her voluptuous figure. Was the matching outfits pure coincidence? She guessed not.

"Danielle, this is Lauren. The two of you almost met."

"Well, I've seen her with no clothes on, does that count?" she asked. Gary cleared his throat behind her. "Gary has, too," she added for good measure.

Zach and Lauren both smiled. They were so well-mannered.

"Beer or wine?" Zach asked. He had a bottle of white wine in one hand and an empty glass in the other, so she asked for beer just to be difficult, then frowned as she realized it left her alone with Lauren.

"Danielle?"

"Dani," she corrected.

"Dani, then. We were almost introduced this afternoon. I'm Lauren." She took a sip of her wine and gave Dani a long look over the rim of her wineglass. "And you, presumably, are the reason I've been relegated to sleeping in the spare room."

Dani had been gazing out of the French windows mainly to avoid looking at Lauren. Now she turned and stared. "Sorry?"

"You should be. But I thought you'd be interested to know that my sleeping arrangements this visit do not include Zach. Not my choice, I might add."

"I don't know why you'd think I'd be interested?" Oh but she was. Very.

Lauren smiled. "I saw the way you looked when I came in today. You were quick to hide it, but my being there was definitely a shock. If it makes you feel better, it was a shock to Zach as well." She cocked her head to one side and regarded Dani thoughtfully. "You're really not his usual type, you know."

"Really?" Tell her something she didn't know. "You mean I've actually got clothes on?"

Lauren peered down at her. Dani hated being looked down at. Unfortunately, it happened a lot. "I don't mean to be rude or anything; it's probably not a bad thing. After all, Zach's usual girlfriends have a life expectancy of around three months. Max. Maybe you'll be different."

"Not likely," Dani muttered. "Anyway, I'm not his girlfriend. I'm not his anything."

Lauren raised an elegant eyebrow.

"Aren't you upset?" Dani asked. "About the spare room thing?"

For a moment, Lauren's smile faltered and Dani could see behind the mask of indifference to the pain beyond. Then Lauren shrugged. "I've always tried to be honest with myself where Zach's concerned. I knew when it started that it was never going to go anywhere and I knew, before I came here, that we were just about over. I shouldn't have come, but I thought, one last fling." She shook her head ruefully. "Never try for that last fling-it doesn't work. But then, Zach is sort of addictive."

They both looked over to where he stood chatting with Gary. He must have felt their gazes because he looked across, then held up a beer and beckoned her over with a smile. Dani kept her face immobile but inside she melted.

"Was it worth it?" she asked, turning back to Lauren.

"Oh yes." Lauren laughed softly. "Boy, was it worth it."

Dani could feel her face heating up, and she nibbled on her bottom lip, really not sure what to say.

Lauren relented. "It's not only the sex with Zach, though he'd be worth it just for that. The thing is he actually likes women and it comes across. He just doesn't want to marry one, doesn't even want to live with one. He's absolutely terrified of commitment. But even when he finishes it, it's always his fault not yours, and you can't help liking him. Come on, let's join the group. I can see Zach's getting jumpy." She grinned. "He's probably worrying about what I'm telling you."

Dani didn't know what to think; it felt like a reprieve. The tight band she hadn't even realized was around her chest suddenly loosened. She'd felt deflated earlier, but now she was floating.

She was on autopilot throughout dinner. She found herself sitting next to Zach, smiling and drinking but somehow managing to avoid talking to him directly. She watched as Lauren sat opposite between Simon and Gary, flirting outrageously with both of them, and wished she could feel half as relaxed or at least look as though she were.

Dinner was some sort of pasta with a creamy chicken sauce and salad, followed by double chocolate chip ice cream, and she knew Zach had arranged it for her. She licked the last of the dessert from her spoon and sighed. She couldn't ignore him any longer. She turned and found him staring at her mouth. She licked her lips, searching for stray ice cream.

"That was a wonderful meal," she said. "Did you cook it yourself?"

"No," Zach replied wryly. "The Italian restaurant in town delivered. Now, why don't you bring your drink and come out to the terrace." He didn't wait for her to reply but picked up her glass and got to his feet. "Come on. It's obvious I'm not going to get any conversation out of you in front of your bodyguards."

Gary and Simon looked up as she followed. Gary's eyes narrowed slightly but then Lauren spoke and he turned back to her. Dani let out a sigh of relief and followed Zach through the French doors. The warm night air wrapped around her, enveloping her in the sweet scent of jasmine.

"So, why did you come this afternoon?" he asked when they were alone.

"I wanted to tell you what I thought of your books."

Zach went still, a vaguely alarmed expression flashing across his face. "And?"

She hadn't considered that her opinion would matter, but it obviously did. Should she torment him a little? Make him sweat. "And..."

"Get on with it, woman! Put me out of my misery."

"They were great, really great. I wanted to thank you. I loved them. I didn't know what I was missing."

"So I'm not a useless playboy after all?"

She gave an enigmatic smile and changed the subject. "I like your girlfriend."

"Lauren? I told you, she's my accountant."

"But she was your girlfriend?"

"Hmm, past tense. I assure you, I'm strictly monogamous."

He took her arm, led her to one of the sun loungers, and pushed her gently down, before seating himself on the lounger next to her.

"You know, I've been thinking about you since you ran away this afternoon."

"You have?" That didn't sound good. She would also have liked to argue about the running away part, but thought she was probably on shaky ground.

"It's the easy option, isn't it?" he asked.

"What's the easy option?"

"Going back to the army. You won't have to make any decisions, they'll tell you exactly what to do, they'll even tell you when and where to do it and what to wear and what to eat..."

Dani was starting to get annoyed. "Why can't you accept that it's what I want? Why can't you leave it alone?"

"Because I want to understand you." He leaned toward her, resting his elbows on his thighs and examining her. "Anyway, then I thought that maybe, just maybe, it's not only that. Maybe you also like giving orders to men. Tell me, Danielle, is that why you want to stay in the army? So you can order people around?"

"Go jump in the pool," she ordered.

He chuckled, then gave her a wicked grin. "You want me to take my clothes off first?"

Dani sighed. It wasn't going to work. He refused to be offended. "Okay, I admit it. It's the easy option and I love the power. Now it's my turn-do you feel sorry for me?"

He jolted upright. "Why the hell would you think that?"

Dani gave a wave of her hand. "I'm merely trying to understand why you're doing this. What your motivations are." She smiled with saccharin sweetness. "I just want to understand you, Zachary."

Zach studied her, head cocked to one side. "What exactly is it you think I'm doing?"

"Being so nice. The presents. The dinner-my favorite foods. What do you hope to get out of it?"

"Maybe I want us to be friends."

Friends?

She honestly didn't know what to say to that. She opened her mouth, still unsure how to answer, as Gary appeared out of the French doors.

"I thought it was too good to last," Zach muttered.

Gary glanced from her to Zach and back again, his brows drawing together. But really, there was a perfectly respectable distance between them-what was his problem?

"Have you asked her?" he said to Zach.

"Not yet."

"Asked me what?"

"I didn't realize you were going to Jake's wedding," Zach said.

"So? I've booked the time off. It's all organized."

"We can travel together."

She sat up straight and processed the words. "You're going?"

"I'm best man."

"Really? Seems a bit of a misnomer. And you don't have a date? How sad."

Gary came and sat beside Zach. "We need two guards for the trip. Simon was coming, but it would be better if he stayed here. He can keep an eye on the place."

"Can't Jake send out someone else?" Dani asked.

"He could. But why bother when you're going anyway? We can pick up someone else at the other end, so you'll only be on duty for the journey to the airport. Jake is sending the company plane and a helicopter at the other end. Come on, Dani-that's got to be better than flying commercial."

Zach grinned. "And you get the pleasure of my company."

"What an incentive." But she couldn't deny the shiver of excitement at the thought of spending time in Zach's company. She hadn't been looking forward to the wedding. Kim was just about her best friend and she wanted to be there, but she never felt comfortable at such gatherings. Now she would have avoiding Zach to keep her mind off feeling out of place.

She studied Zach, trying to gage his thoughts. He leaned back on his hands, a lazy smile curving his lips. "I hate weddings. We can give each other moral support."

Hmm. "Whose idea was this?" she asked.

"Zach's," Gary said. "But it makes sense."

She was surprised Gary had agreed to the arrangement when he'd been adamant about keeping them apart.

"It's work," he said, as if reading her mind. "I trust you to be professional."

"You do? Wow. I feel all warm and fuzzy."

He grinned. "So?"

She peered at Zach again and another little shiver of excitement ran through her. Of course nothing was going to happen. After all, Zach just wanted to be friends.

"Okay," she said. "I'll go to the wedding with you."

Chapter Nine

Dani tried to ignore his presence behind her. It was impossible, and her shoulders twitched under the intensity of his stare.

"Relax," Gary said, casting her a sideways glance. "You're like a cat with fleas."

She felt a little like that-sort of irritated and itchy and jittery and... She rubbed her hands down her thighs, then clasped them on her lap.

She was almost sorry she'd agreed to this, however good a private plane sounded. Also, she'd gotten a mouthful from Kim when she'd told her that she wouldn't be arriving until the morning of the wedding. Kim had originally said the wedding was going to be tiny. Now it sounded huge. Dani had also taken a beating from Jess for not being present for the bachelorette party, which had taken place two nights ago and in the end had consisted of Kim and Jess. It sounded like they'd had a blast, though.

They were making the drive from the villa to Granada airport where they would pick up the private plane. It was four in the morning and wouldn't be light for a few hours yet. She was seated in the front of the car beside Gary, who was driving. The roads were quiet and they would see any other vehicles from miles away. She could relax until they hit the airport.

Zach sat alone in the back. Making her jumpy.

Closing her eyes, she tried to nap, but the roads were narrow and winding, and with her eyes closed, her stomach roiled. She should have eaten something before they set off, but it had been way too early.

"Can't you come and sit back here and talk to me?" Zach said.

"I'm on duty."

"Can't you be on duty in the back?"

"I'm not here to freaking entertain you." She turned around to glare at him. And wished she hadn't. Looking at him made her even jumpier-he was so gorgeous in his faded jeans and a black T-shirt that clung to his broad chest.

"How about I entertain you?" he suggested. "I'll tell you a story."

"The one I'm in?"

"No, not that one. I don't know how that ends yet." He leaned forward in his seat and rested his arms along the back of hers. "Come on, Dani. Maybe I'm scared. You could reassure me that no one's going to get me."

"No one's going to get you," she said.

"Maybe I don't believe you. Maybe-"

"Oh for fuck's sake, go talk to him," Gary said. "Or he'll whine the whole way." He pulled the car to a halt at the side of the road and drummed his fingertips on the wheel. "Well?"

"I thought you didn't want me near him. I thought he was like this huge danger to my innocence?"

"Ha-what innocence? And he's hardly likely to try and seduce you in the back of a car with me driving. Even he wouldn't be that crass."

"Hey, what about a little respect for the boss here?" Zach said, but she could hear the amusement in his voice.

Dani smiled. "Don't worry, it's not personal. Gary's always a miserable bastard first thing in the morning."

But he was also right. Zach would behave himself. Besides, he'd made it clear that he didn't want her anymore. He wanted to be her friend. Heaving a huge sigh, she clicked off her seat belt, climbed out, and scrambled into the back. In the dim light, she could just make out Zach's satisfied smile.

"I love a challenge," Zach whispered close to her ear, so his warm breath caressed her sensitive skin. A flicker of unease ran through her but she shook it off. He was teasing. He couldn't help it.

She settled in her seat and fastened her seat belt before turning to look at him. "Fasten your belt," she said and sat back and closed her eyes as Gary pulled back out onto the road. They had the roads to themselves; she hadn't seen another vehicle since they'd left, and she tried to let the movement of the car soothe her.

She jumped when Zach's fingers twined with hers. He was holding her hand. What the fuck? She tried to pull free, but his grip tightened. Maybe he was scared. She relaxed and didn't pull away.

"How do you know Kim?" he asked.

"Well, from working at the company-I've done some freelance work there on my leaves, so we got to know each other. But mainly through Jess."

"Jess?"

"She's another of the operatives. She was in the army with Jake and left at the same time he did."

"Why?"

"Are you always this nosy?"

"Of course-I'm a writer."

She rolled her eyes. "She said she was crap at taking orders. Anyway, she's friends with Kim and so I got to know her better."

"I've never met Kim."

"Really. I thought you and Jake were, like, great buddies."

"We are. I don't think he wanted to introduce us."

"I wonder why?" she said wryly. "Probably thought you'd try and seduce her."

"You have such a high opinion of me. Do you think I would have succeeded?"

"Hell no. She's got better taste."

He leaned his head toward her and lowered his voice. "Why, Dani, I'd gotten the impression you liked me. In fact, I distinctly remember one moment when I was sure of it. Now what were we doing...?"

Zach's thumb rubbed over her palm and tingles ran along her arm. "I really don't remember." But she did. And the memory was enough to tighten the muscles of her belly.

She flicked a glance at Gary, but he was concentrating on the road.

Zach placed her hand palm down on his thigh, his own pressing down and the hard muscle flexed beneath her fingers. He turned his head so his lips were close to her ear and his breath feathered her skin. "The one where you were underneath me," he whispered. "You were making these cute little noises in your throat and your legs were wrapped my waist and-"

"Okay, I get the picture."

"Me, too, and it looks pretty damn good. I dreamed about you last night. In the few hours' sleep I got."

"You did?" She was whispering as well now as his low, husky voice wrapped a spell around her. But as Gary had said, nothing was going to happen here, so she could afford to relax.

He shifted her hand a little higher against the soft denim, dangerously close to the top of his thigh, and her nails dug into his skin.

"Ouch."

"You said you wanted to be my friend," she said. "So what's with the hand-holding?"

His brows drew together as he thought for a moment. Then his grip loosened. He picked up her hand and placed it on her own thigh. "I don't know." But he didn't let go. "Okay," he said. "You can listen to my latest plot. I need to get it straight in my head."

"Go on then."

She sat back and listened, letting his voice roll over her and through her. He had a beautiful voice, low and rich and full of subtle nuances. Closing her eyes, it was as though he surrounded her, the warmth of his hard hand still gripping her own, his voice weaving its magic.

She didn't know how long she listened. Finally, he fell silent and she blinked open her eyes. They were speeding along the highway now, the lights bright, and she turned her head slightly so she could look into his face.

"Well?" he asked, raising an eyebrow in query.

She shook her head, trying to get her brain to function. "I like it. I think it works."

"You do?" He squeezed her hand.

"Except maybe the lovey-dovey crap. You could cut that out."

He frowned. "Don't you believe in love?"

Did she? She stared out of the window for a minute, watching the streetlights flash by. The road was quiet. "Yes, I believe in love." She thought back to her brother. The one person she had loved without reserve and look how well that had ended. "I believe in love," she repeated. "I'm just not interested in it."

"Why?"

"No reason." Or none that she wanted to talk about.

Zach opened his mouth but at that moment, Gary spoke. "We're pulling into the airport. You ready, Dani?"

...

Zach sensed her withdrawal.

She tugged her small hand free and sat up straight. "I'm ready."

"Okay," Gary said. "When we park, Zach, you stay in the car for a minute while we check things out."

Irritation jabbed him in the ribs. He hated this. He'd looked out for himself since he was seventeen years old and this made him feel helpless. Logically, he could see the sense in it, but the whole protection thing didn't make him feel logical. It made him feel smothered.

And there was an added irritant now. More than an irritant, if he was honest. He didn't want Dani protecting him. He certainly didn't want her in danger because of him. And he had no doubt the danger was real. If he'd had doubts, he would never have agreed to this circus.

He'd pissed off some bad people and they were determined to make an example of him. The letter bomb had come the closest but there had been other attempts-his office trashed, attempted break-ins to his home.

What if someone came after him and Dani got in the way? Or more likely hurled herself into the way. Fear coiled in his stomach as the car pulled up into the underground parking.

He almost didn't recognize the emotion. And he certainly didn't like the idea. He glanced sideways at her, but she wasn't paying him any attention.

She slipped an earpiece on. "You getting me?" she murmured.

"Yup," Gary replied. "Let's go."

Zach bit back the urge to tell her no. That no way was she risking her life for him. He didn't want that. It had never occurred to him to worry about Gary or Simon. But she was so small. Right from the first moment he'd seen her, she'd woken some sort of protective streak in him, and it had never really gone away. Which was crazy; out of all the women he'd been involved with, she was probably the most capable of looking after herself.

All the same, he had to clamp his lips closed to keep in the words.

As she climbed out of the car, her jacket swung open and he saw the gun in the shoulder holster beneath.

She turned around and peered through the open door, giving him a reassuring smile as she took in his expression. "Don't look so worried, Zach. We'll look after you. Keep you safe."

Anger, born of fear, rose at the words, but before he could make a retort, she slammed the door closed. He stared straight ahead. He felt so powerless, so helpless. And he hated that. His hands fisted at his sides and he forced them to uncurl, consciously relaxing each finger. There would be no trouble today. Other than his bodyguards, only Jake knew his exact movements. Dani was safe enough. Still, he couldn't quite vanish the fear churning in his gut as he waited for his babysitters to tell him it was safe to get out of the car.

He ground his teeth together; he was pathetic.

Gary knocked on the glass and Zach unclipped his seat belt and climbed out. "I'm going to take the lead," Gary said. "Dani will cover the rear. We're not expecting anything here, but keep your eyes open. Raise your left hand if you see anything suspicious."

Zach tried to push down his irritation-Gary was just doing his job-and gave a curt nod. He looked around for Dani and found her by the elevators. She gave him an impersonal wave, which grated his already raw nerves, then continued her perusal of the area.

The elevator appeared, Gary ushered him toward it, and they took up positions on either side of him. Nobody spoke. Zach decided that was best, because he wasn't sure what he might say right now. He needed time to understand what the hell was going through his head.

For some reason, Dani was screwing with his mind. He gave her a sideways glance. She wore a dark pantsuit, a white shirt, and flat shoes, which meant she was a good foot shorter than him. He stared down at her bright red-gold head.

"Are you okay?" Gary asked.

He jerked his attention from the top of Dani's head. "Why shouldn't I be?"

Gary raised a brow. "You look a little tense."

"I'm fine."

He could almost feel the look pass between Gary and Dani and bit back another comment. He tried Dani's method, closed his eyes, and counted to ten. He shoved his hands in his pockets and forced the corners of his mouth upward. "Really, I'm good." He just wanted to get to the safety of the plane.

He'd done what he could to protect himself, because he believed the threat to be real, but he'd never been afraid before. He could feel her like a tangible presence behind him, and he kept his gaze fixed on Gary's back a few feet in front of him as they strode through the airport. The place was quiet. There were few scheduled flights from this small airport and only a handful of people milled about the cavernous area. As they were flying private, they avoided the general departure lounge, but still there was a delay going through security as Gary cleared their weapons. Zach kept his breathing even and bit back the urge to tell them to hurry up. He could still feel Gary's curious glances.

Finally, they were striding across the tarmac to the plane and up the steps. As he entered the cabin after Gary, he turned around to watch as Dani climbed the stairway. He scanned the rest of the airport. The sun was rising, lighting the eastern sky, and all was quiet. Gary touched his shoulder and urged him away from the open doorway. But he held his position until Dani entered, then stepped inside to allow her to pass before following her into the body of the plane.

"I'll go check with the captain," Gary said and disappeared into the cockpit.

The tension drained from him and for a moment, Zach felt weak and shaky. He sank into one of the seats and ran a hand through his hair.

"You can relax now," Dani murmured. "The plane's guaranteed safe."

He wanted to snap at her that he wasn't concerned how the hell safe he was, but again he bit back the words. Because it was obviously clear that he was bothered about something and if it wasn't his own safety, what was it? That wasn't a conversation he wanted to get into right now and certainly not with Dani.

"Good," he muttered.

She smiled and shrugged out of her jacket, then unbuckled the shoulder holster, stripped it off, and lay the gun down on one of the empty seats. She took the chair across the aisle from him and fastened her seat belt. He watched her, trying to puzzle out why she fascinated him, as she struggled with the seat belt, which she couldn't seem to get tight enough. She swore and yanked it hard and finally clicked it closed.

Sitting back in her chair, she grinned at him. "There. I'm now officially off duty."

"Am I such hard work?"

"No, but it's nice to relax." She glanced around her. "And this is definitely better than flying commercial."

This area of the plane was divided into two, the part they were sitting in, which had rows of seats like a normal plane, and then a comfortable seating area, with soft leather couches around a coffee table. Zach had flown on it before; he knew there were also an office area, a bedroom, and a shower room at the back of the plane.

He had a momentary urge to get up, unfasten Dani, toss her over his shoulder, and carry her into that bedroom, to forget the acid taste of fear in the hot, tight grip of her body.

Unfortunately, before he could act on the impulse, Gary reappeared and took the seat behind him. "We're cleared for takeoff. And we're leaving any moment-" The roar of the engines interrupted him. "Now."

Zach sat back in his seat and tried to relax as the plane taxied along the runway and then rose smoothly into the air. Once they leveled out, he unsnapped the seat belt. He glanced over his shoulder. Gary's eyes were closed, and he was breathing evenly.

"He was famous for that back in the army," Dani said softly. "He could drop off anytime, anywhere."

"Useful."

"It is. Always takes me forever to come down."

He stood up. "Let's go get a drink then, and see if we can't both relax."

She looked from him to the seating area beyond him and for a second he thought she might refuse. Then she grinned. "Why not? I'm unlikely to get to travel like this again. I may as well make the most of it."

"You'll be flying back, won't you?"

"I guess."

She stood as he led the way to the seating area. He dropped down onto one of the sofas, then patted the seat next to him. "Come on, Dani, we still have our chaperone, even if he is unconscious."

...

Dani glanced over to where Gary lay in his seat. He'd lowered the back and lay almost prone, eyes closed, mouth slightly open. Yeah, he was asleep.

She turned back to where Zach sprawled on the cream leather sofa. His jeans molded to his long legs and the T-shirt stretched tight, showing off his tanned forearms. Stubble shadowed his cheeks and his eyes were sleepy but watchful. His earlier tension seemed to have left him and he appeared relaxed and at ease. He'd surprised her during the walk through the airport. For some reason, she hadn't expected him to get so uptight...so scared. She was curious, or at least that's what she told herself. And she wanted to sit beside him, but only so she could appease her nosiness. In some part of her mind, she knew she was deluding herself, but this felt almost unreal, cocooned in the metal box flying high above the world.

So she sank down beside him, kicked off her boots, and folded her legs beneath her. Then she sat back against the soft cushions and scrutinized his expression until he raised one eyebrow.

"Trying to work out what makes you tick," she said. "You know, I really thought you weren't taking this seriously. The threat, I mean."

"I wouldn't be holed up hiding if I didn't take it seriously-the fuckers nearly blew me up. So what's your point?"

"Coming through the airport-you looked..." She trailed off.

"Shit-scared?" He considered her, his head cocked to one side, and she had the impression he was deciding what to say. "I was. Fucking terrified you were going to get hurt keeping me safe."

Shock jolted her in the gut. She hadn't expected that. She stared at him, then pursed her lips. "You weren't worried about Gary?"

"Hell no."

"Just me? You still don't think I'm capable of protecting you because I'm a woman?"

"Again-hell no. I think you're capable, I just don't like it." He must have caught something in her expression because he grinned. "Hey, I never said it was logical. All the time I could sense you behind me, and I wanted to turn around and grab you and..." He shrugged.

"That's Neanderthal."

"I know. And unexpected. Would you really take a bullet for me?"

She didn't even think of her answer. "Of course."

"So my life is more valuable than yours?"

"No."

"Then why?"

"Because it's my duty-it's what I signed up to do."

He opened his mouth then snapped it closed again. "I need that drink." He pressed the button on the arm of the sofa, and almost instantly, the door opened and the flight attendant appeared. Zach murmured to her, and she disappeared.

A minute later, she came back with a tray holding a bottle of champagne in an ice bucket and two glasses. "Should I bring the coffee now?" she asked with a professional smile.

"Later," Zach replied. "I'll call when we're ready."

Dani studied the champagne then glanced at him. "It's six in the morning."

"Yeah, but as you said, when will you get the chance to do this again? And you're off duty now. Relax. I suspect the rest of the day is going to be a little fraught."

She could have said more. She thought about it briefly, then accepted the glass he held out to her. He was right. This was once in a lifetime.

"I've never drunk champagne before," she said, staring at the fluted glass and watching the bubbles rise to the surface and burst.

"Another first then," he murmured, a wicked glint in his eyes.

An image flashed in her mind of that other first, and she could almost feel his hard body on her. In her. She shook her head to dispel the image and found him watching her with that lazy smile on his face, as though he knew exactly what was going through her mind.

He raised his glass. "To firsts. May there be many more between us."

What did that mean? But instead of dwelling on it, she raised the glass, clinked with his, and took a huge swallow. The wine was a delicious combination of sharp and mellow, and the bubbles tingled in her mouth. She drained the glass, held it out for a refill, then caught his expression. "What?"

"Perhaps you should go a little slower this time if you're not used to alcohol." He poured the champagne but stopped a long way from the rim of the glass. She peered at it, then shot him a dark look, so he relented and topped it off.

She grinned. "I said I've never drank champagne, not that I never drank. I can drink most men twice my size under the table."

But actually, she could already feel the buzz of alcohol in her blood, and she realized that apart from the occasional cold beer, she hadn't drunk since the accident. She took another sip and put the glass on the table. Resting her head back, she closed her eyes, analyzed how she felt.

Good.

A hundred times better than she had when she'd flown into Spain a few weeks ago. Her thigh ached a little from being cooped up on the drive to the airport, but it was merely a dull throb. She turned in her seat and stretched her legs out along the cushions. The sofa was long, and her legs weren't, so it still left a good few inches between her toes and Zach, where he lounged at the opposite end. But he shifted slightly, lifted her feet, and rested them on his thighs.

She stared for a moment, but when he didn't do anything else, she forced herself to relax. "Friends?" she said.

He nodded. "Friends."

She picked up her glass, closed her eyes, and released her breath in a huge sigh. Hell, what did she know about how friends behaved? This was probably perfectly normal, but she kept her feet still and sipped her drink.

The silence was almost companionable, no doubt lulling her into a false sense of security. After finishing the champagne, she put her glass down and leaned back. She was almost asleep when a hand started to massage her feet. He stroked the instep, and her toes curled.

"You ticklish?"

"No," she murmured.

His fingers inched inside her pants leg and stroked her ankle. She should protest but the sensation was more soothing than stimulating and besides-it felt so good.

The pants were loose and he slid his hand farther up her leg, cupped the back of her calf, and squeezed, then trailed along the sensitive skin at the back of her knees. She felt a little twinge of unease; she couldn't classify that feeling as soothing. Tingles of pleasure ran up her legs to settle between her thighs. She had an urge to clench her knees together to intensify the sensation but resisted, not wanting to move and give away what she was feeling.

Peeking through her lashes, she found Zach's eyes closed, his face expressionless. He stroked lazy circles on her skin and she shifted. His eyes blinked open, his head turned slightly, and his lips curved up in a slow smile.

Dani forced her mind to work. "Er, friends...?"

"This isn't friendly?"

She didn't know. It didn't feel friendly. It felt... Actually, it felt good. "Maybe too friendly."

"Killjoy. You have lovely skin. Soft." But he gave her calf a last squeeze and withdrew his hand. He rested it on her knee. "How's your leg?"

"Fine."

"You just saying that?"

"No, it's good."

If she thought that was the end of it, she was mistaken. His edged a bit closer to her and his hand shifted to her thigh. He kneaded the muscle, and she almost groaned.

"It feels a little tense."

"Just a little. It's fine."

He ignored her and continued to massage her thigh, alternating with strokes of his hand. "Relax," he murmured. "This is medicinal."

"I've heard that before." But the knots unraveled under his skillful fingers. He was seducing her. Whether he was trying or whether it was unintentional didn't matter.

"So tell me about being in the army?" he murmured.

"What about it?"

"Tell me a typical day?"

She started talking, as much to take her mind off the touch of his hand and the effect it was having than anything else.

"Sounds boring," he said at one point.

"Maybe. But I like being structured, organized. I like knowing what to do and when to do it."

"Really? I hate it."

"I can imagine. But it's not all boring."

"No." He rested his hand on the thigh above the scar. "I don't suppose getting this was boring."

"No." She didn't want to talk about her injury. She was feeling too mellow. Instead, she pulled herself upright so her legs still rested across his lap but she was sitting up. Then reached across for her glass and held it out to him. He quirked a brow but filled it and she sipped the icy liquid.

"I don't know what it is about you," he said. "I keep thinking friends, but my hands seem to think different. And I can't stop thinking about kissing you."

Her breath hitched in her throat. "You can't?"

"Maybe it's the lure of the forbidden." He nodded behind them. "Maybe it's like making out when you're a kid and you know your mom or dad might walk in at any minute. Or Uncle Gary..."

She giggled. The sound brought her up short. She never giggled. Maybe it was the champagne bubbles coming out.

He looked at her speculatively. "You want to make out? A kiss and maybe a little furtive fondling?" His gaze dropped to her breast, and he gave an exaggerated leer. Another giggle slipped out. She'd never felt like this-sort of lightheaded and happy for no reason.

"Shh," Zach whispered. "You'll wake him up. So what do you think?"

Dani didn't want to think. Excitement was bubbling inside her. When they landed and returned to real life would be soon enough to think. Right now, she wanted to feel.

When she didn't answer, he plucked the empty glass from her hands and placed it on the table, then he hauled her onto his lap. Her face pressed into the curve of his neck, and she breathed in the wonderful odor of hot male and exotic aftershave, sharp and musky combined. As the scent filled her nostrils, a warm, heavy weight began to build low down in her belly.

One hard, hot hand glided up from where it rested on her hip, along her waist to come to rest just below the curve of her breast.

"Look at me, Dani."

She raised her head and stared into his eyes as he slowly lowered his face to hers. She didn't move as he kissed her cheek, then the corner of her mouth, her jaw. Small butterfly kisses. Then he took her lips in a kiss as his hand came up to cup her breast. Her mouth opened beneath his on a gasp, and his tongue thrust inside. He filled her, pushing all thoughts from her mind and the weight in her belly expanded. His fingers found her nipple beneath the layers of clothing and he rolled it between his finger and thumb. The sensation shot from her breast to her groin and warm, wet heat engulfed her sex. She groaned into his mouth, and he drew back from the kiss.

"Shh," he whispered, and she could feel him chuckle against her skin.

He plucked open the top two buttons of her shirt and trailed a finger along the top of her bra, then slipped his hand beneath the cotton to cover her breast. His palm hot against her bare skin, he rubbed it over the taut peak, the delicious friction filling her.

Beneath her, the hardening length of his erection nudged at her ass, and she wriggled her buttocks against him. "Hey, nothing below the waist," he murmured, then nipped her earlobe, sending shivers running through her. She wriggled again. He withdrew his hand from her breast and moved to her hips, pressing her down into his lap and closing his eyes for a moment. "We need to slow down," he said through gritted teeth. He tossed a look over his shoulder. She'd forgotten about Gary. How the hell could she have forgotten? But he still slept the sleep of the innocent. And the back of the sofa was between them. Even if he woke, he wouldn't see anything.

"Not that slow," Zach said. He pinched her nipple, and she gasped. The feelings were spiraling out of control as though her body no longer belonged to her. She was reaching for something. As she stared up at his face, he held her gaze while his other hand cupped her sex. Even through the layers, she felt the heat of his palm and pushed against it. The last remnants of her sanity broke through the fog of desire.

"What happened to nothing below the waist?"

"Some rules exist to be broken." He pressed upward with the heel of his hand, rocking it against the most sensitive spot, and the need built higher.

He nuzzled her neck. "You want to come?"

Flames licked through her at the question. Between her thighs, she could feel her clit throbbing with need. She didn't answer, wasn't sure she could speak, but he took her silence for acquiescence.

"Open your legs," he whispered, and her thighs parted as if by magic.

He flicked open the button at her waist, then slid down the zipper, and his hand pushed down inside her panties. She gasped as he found her and his fingers parted the sodden folds of her sex.

"Shit." He groaned. "You are so hot and wet and"-he pressed one finger inside her-"tight and I wish it was my cock there instead of my finger." She opened her legs wider and he pushed another finger inside, rubbing her inner walls. Her head was against his chest and beneath her cheek, his heart beat a rapid rhythm.

He withdrew his fingers, spreading her moisture up over her clit. She jerked at the first touch there, every muscle locking solid.

His hand went still. "Relax, sweetheart. Let it go." He took her mouth in a deep, drugging kiss as his finger started to move. He massaged the tiny nub, rubbing slow circles, and the pleasure built inside her. Higher and higher until she teetered on the edge.

Then he stopped. "More?"

She snarled up at him, and he moved his hand. Two fingers pushed inside, while he stroked her with the pad of his thumb. This time he didn't stop, and the feelings built until they exploded in a starburst of pleasure. She opened her mouth to scream and his lips covered hers, swallowing the sound. He kissed her for long minutes as the tremors racked her body, his hand trailing soothing circles on her back.

Finally, he pulled away and stared down at her, his expression a curious blend of wry amusement and hot desire. "You owe me one."

"I do?"

"Oh, yes."

He tugged his hand from between her legs, zipped her up, and fastened her pants. Beneath her, she could still feel his raging-hard erection. Maybe she should do something about it. She just wasn't sure what, and before she could come to a decision, he picked her up and settled her on the cushions.

"But perhaps not right now." He peered over his shoulder. "I don't think our luck will hold much longer."

She realized he meant Gary and followed his gaze. He still slept.

Zach pressed the button. "Coffee," he said.

Dani shook her head, trying to get her brain functioning again. She peered down. Her shirt was open, revealing the edge of her white bra, and she fastened it quickly. "You have a weird idea of being friends," she muttered.

"Not really. Why shouldn't friends give each other pleasure?"

"Why not indeed?"

The flight attendant appeared at that moment carrying a tray. She put it on the table and cleared away the empty champagne and glasses. Zach poured Dani a coffee, adding cream and sugar before handing it to her.

"I hope there's some of that for me?" a voice said from behind them.

"Sleeping Beauty awakens," Zach said.

"What have you two been up to?" Gary asked, smothering a yawn with his hand and getting to his feet. He came over and plunked himself down opposite them.

"We've been discussing philosophy."

"Yeah, right." He cast Dani a suspicious glance.

She gulped her coffee and hoped she didn't look as dazed as she felt. Which was mussed, and sticky, and like she'd just had a mind-blowing orgasm. She put her coffee down and rose to her feet.

"I'm going to freshen up."

She could sense their eyes on her as she marched across the cabin to the small bathroom. Staring at herself in the mirror, she realized, with relief, that she looked the same. She washed up, splashed her face, and straightened her clothes. So much for keeping it strictly business between them. Zach had the ability to make her totally forget all her good resolutions.

A shiver of unease ran through her. It would be easier if she could go back to thinking of him as a lazy asshole. But she liked him and that scared her. Did she believe that they could be friends and enjoy each other? She didn't have the experience to know. But he believed it. Zach didn't do relationships. He wouldn't ask for more than she was willing to give. Probably.

She wasn't going to think about it until after the wedding. Then she'd talk to Jess, who was in charge while Jake was away, and she'd tell her to go find someone else to babysit Jake's buddy.

Chapter Ten

"Ugh. You've got to be kidding-pink?" Dani held the dress up against her and scowled at herself in the mirror. "You know, I didn't sign up for any pink dresses."

Kim grinned. "It will suit you, and it's hardly pink-pink."

Dani supposed she was right; the dress was a dark dusky pink. But pink was pink.

"It was a sort of dare," Kim said. "I told Jake I'd wear the whole long white dress thing if he told the two of you that you were wearing pink dresses."

"I'm not sure he ever did tell me," Dani said. "I might have run in the other direction."

"You probably weren't paying attention. He told me," Jess said. "And I told him-do your worst. No pink dress is going to scare me."

But then Jess would no doubt look gorgeous in the dress. She looked gorgeous in anything, with her perfect oval face, tall slim body, and fall of almost white, platinum-blond hair. The perfection was only made more obvious by the scar that ran down her right cheek to the corner of her mouth.

Kim was also tall and slender and beautiful, her dark brown hair streaked with various shades of red. Her honey-colored eyes glowed with happiness. Sandwiched between the two of them, Dani felt like a midget.

She was glad for Kim, but it made her feel alone somehow. Kim hadn't believed in love, but obviously, Jake had convinced her. What would it be like to feel like that? To love someone and know he cared in return, to trust that he would always care. That he wouldn't one day turn his back on you, abandon you when you needed him most. Or die.

She shook her head. It had been so long since she'd allowed herself to think of her family, and she really didn't want to start now. This was Kim's day and she would put on a big smiley face for it.

"I would have been happy with a registry office wedding, but Jake's mother wanted to do this and..." Kim gave a resigned shrug. "She's a nice lady."

"God knows where Jake got his personality from then. Because I don't think 'nice' comes into his makeup anywhere."

"Hey, he's..." Kim trailed off. "Okay, maybe not 'nice,' but he has his moments."

"I bet he does," Jess said drily. "Do any of those moments take place on his desk? I still can't look at that desk and not see the two of you-"

"Shut up. More than shut up. Forget I ever told you that."

"Can't. I've tried but the image is indelibly imprinted on my mind."

Dani grinned as she let the conversation wash over her. These two were her friends. She'd known Jess since they joined up together ten years ago and she'd known Kim for five years, ever since Kim had come to work for Jake's security company as the receptionist. They were the closest she had to family now.

"Come on," Kim said. "Let's try this dress on and see if it fits."

Dani lay the dress down and started to unbutton her shirt. She shrugged out of it and then out of her dark suit pants to stand in her bra and panties.

"The bra as well," Jess said. "You won't need it."

"I won't?" But she unhooked it and tossed it on top of her clothes.

"Let me see," Jess said, crouching down in front of her and examining the scar. "It looks a hundred times better than last time I saw it."

Dani glanced down. Her skin now had a golden tint from lying in the sun and the scar appeared far less livid, no longer angry and red, but darkened. "In fact, you look a whole lot better altogether. Spain obviously agrees with you. And you've put on weight."

She shifted under the intense scrutiny. "It's relaxing. The dogs pretty much look after themselves, and I swim and run and eat and sunbathe." She picked up the dress and pulled it on over her head, smoothing the material down over her hips.

Jess moved behind her. "Lift up your arms."

She did, and Jess pulled up the zipper at the side. "Breathe in," she muttered. "You've definitely put on weight."

"Is it going to fit?" Kim asked.

"Yeah, she might burst out of it if she eats too much at the reception, but we'll get her into it." She stood back. "Hey, you look pretty."

Dani sucked in her stomach and tried to draw breath into her squashed lungs. "I can't breathe."

"You don't need to breathe. Go look at yourself."

She forced herself to peer into the mirror, focusing on the dress. It was long, touching the ground, and the bodice had inbuilt support, giving her seriously impressive cleavage.

"I never noticed you had breasts before," Kim murmured.

"Of course I've got breasts." Beautiful breasts, Zach had told her.

She continued the inspection. Slender straps held up the dress over her shoulders and she had to admit that the color went very nicely with her tan. She wasn't so sure about the hair, though. It was so red. Jess came up behind her, pulled the curls onto the top of her head, and held them there. "Perfect."

She wasn't perfect and certainly not next to her friends, but she looked...nice.

What would Zach think? Would he even notice her amongst all the other no-doubt-glamorous guests? She bit her lip. Maybe it would be better if he didn't notice her. If he found someone else.

She had a flashback to the feeling of his hand between her legs. And then a surge of anger as she thought of him doing the same with some other woman. Some tall, gorgeous, perfect woman.

"You look fierce," Jess said, meeting her gaze in the mirror.

"I am fierce."

"Of course you are." Jess unzipped the dress. Dani stepped out of it and quickly pulled on her clothes.

The wedding wasn't until three p.m. that afternoon and Kim seemed amazingly calm considering she was the centerpiece in this circus. It was taking place at a castle in Scotland situated between Rannoch Moor to the south and the Highlands to the North. Jake had apparently just purchased it and the place was fantastic. A wonderful blend of ancient and modern.

They were in the room she was sharing with Jess and she strolled across to stare out over the wildness of the moor. Where was Zach? Was he close? They hadn't had a moment alone since Gary had woken on the plane. Gary had left them at Edinburgh airport. He was taking a couple of days off to visit family and would see them back in Spain. Two more of Jake's operatives had met them at the airport and taken over babysitting duty, but she hadn't had a chance to talk to Zach.

What was there to say, anyway?

He was playing with her. And she was playing with him. It didn't mean anything. She was a novelty, but so was he. There was no need for this to matter. And the plan had been time out. Now they were back in the real world. Weren't they? Though fairy-tale castles and pink dresses hadn't played much part in her real world up to now.

"So how is the job going?" Kim asked, pulling her from her thoughts.

"Good. I told you-there's not a lot for me to do."

"And how's the asshole playboy?" Jess said, sinking down onto one of the big double beds beside Kim.

Her lips twitched. "He's an asshole."

"You're smiling." Jess studied her through narrowed eyes, then gave her a long, slow perusal from top to bottom.

Dani held herself still but could feel a tic starting in her cheek. Jess patted the bed between her and Kim. "Come and sit down, Danielle."

She didn't want to. Or maybe she did. Maybe she would feel better if she talked all this out. Then Kim and Jess could tell her it meant nothing and she could go back to normal and stop thinking about sex.

She crossed the room slowly and sank down between them.

"So...?" Jess considered her next words. "If he's not an asshole, what is he?"

"He writes wonderful books," she said.

"You've read them?" Kim asked with a frown-she knew about Dani's dyslexia.

"He gave me audio copies of them-I listened."

"You told him about your dyslexia?"

"It came up."

Jess studied her. "Hmmm. What else came...up?"

She lifted one shoulder, then squirmed under the concentrated focus of two sets of eyes boring at her from either side.

"Jake's never introduced us, but I've seen pictures of him," Kim said. "He's seriously gorgeous, but I got the impression he's a worse commitment-phobe than Jake."

"But Jake's not a commitment-phobe," Jess pointed out.

"Anyway, there's nothing like that between us," Dani muttered.

"So what is there?"

"We had sex."

No response. They both appeared shell-shocked. Then Kim broke the silence with an excited squeal. "Tell all."

"That is all. It was just sex."

Jess patted her on the arm. "Dani, you are...sorry, were a twenty-seven-year-old virgin. There is no such thing as just sex for you. Otherwise you would have done it a long time ago."

"It was just once and-"

"It was an anti-climax, and you hated it?" Jess asked. She'd never had a high opinion of men.

"No. But I promised Gary I wouldn't go near him again."

"Who's Gary-your dad?"

"No, but Zach is my boss-sort of. And then Gary told Jake and Jake told Zach to back off. And he did. And that's that."

"I'm thinking maybe not," Jess said. "And why? Why this man when there's been no one else?"

Dani thought about it. "Because, right now-this time isn't real. Soon I'll"-she crossed her fingers-"be going back to my unit and back to real life. This is different. Besides, it's over," she said with conviction, but again there was a flashback to his mouth on hers, his hands on her breasts, between her thighs.

"I can't wait to check him out at the wedding." Jess grinned. "The god who managed to wrestle away my best friend's virginity when I was convinced she'd take it to the grave."

"Fuck off."

...

Zach leaned against one of the huge stone pillars in what he supposed was the banquet hall and watched her from across the room. She was beautiful.

Small and perfect and totally unlike the Dani he had come to know. She was talking with the second bridesmaid, a stunning blonde who towered over her like an Amazon.

Kim joined the other two at that point. It was obvious they were close as they all laughed at something Kim said. Dani looked a little wistful. What was she thinking? Why did he care?

He turned slightly as Jake came up beside him and handed him a glass of scotch. "From the cellars," he said.

"I knew there must be a reason you bought this place."

He'd known Jake for a long time. They'd met ten years ago on a climbing expedition and been best friends since. It was hard to believe that he was actually married. He'd thought his friend was as shy of commitment as Zach, but apparently, he'd been waiting for Kim to realize she loved him.

Weird. And a little scary. He reckoned he'd lost his climbing buddy, but strangely, the idea didn't upset him too much. Maybe he was growing up, no longer needed the adrenaline buzz.

"Happy?" he asked.

"Scared."

"You'll be fine. I like her." He nodded across to where Kim still stood talking with Dani and the blonde.

"I thought you might. That's why I made sure you wouldn't meet." He considered Zach for a moment. "We've got a lead."

"On the dickheads who sent the threats."

"Yeah. Another email was sent to your agent-these guys really don't like you-and we managed to get a lock on the IP address."

"You know who it is?" Was his freedom in sight? Could he go back to L.A. and take up his life again? He glanced back at Dani. Was he ready?

"Not yet, but we're close. Jess is going to keep up the investigation while I'm away."

"Jess?"

"The blonde talking to Kim. She's in charge for the duration, and she's good. She'll let you know if, or rather when, they find something. Then you have to decide what to do about it."

"I want the bastards nailed."

"We'll see what we can do." Jake grinned.

They stood in companionable silence, contemplating the three women.

"Dani looks good," Jake said after a few minutes. "Better than I've seen her in a long time."

Zach turned back to study her. She did look well compared to the pale shadow she'd been when she turned up in Spain weeks ago. Her skin was tanned to a soft gold, shown off by the strappy dress. The front was tight and fitted and did something amazing to her breasts, so they almost spilled out over the top. Heat washed through him. He tried not to stare, dragging his gaze up to her face instead. Her eyes sparkled with laughter, but then she glanced across to where he stood and the laughter faded. Their gazes locked. Zach raised his glass to her and she blinked and looked away.

"Actually, better than I've ever seen her," Jake said. "What's going on?"

"Nothing." Much. "You told me to keep my hands to myself-remember?"

"And when have you ever done what anyone told you?"

"So why did you tell me hands off?"

"She's a virgin. She's not in your league. But it's more than that. I've known Dani since she joined up, and there's something bad in her past. I don't know what. I doubt even Jess or Kim know, but there's something. I don't want her hurt."

"I don't hurt women. I like women."

"I know, but Dani's different."

Too right.

"But something's changed," Jake mused. "And why does she keep looking this way? Looking at you?" He turned to stare at Zach through narrowed eyes, then to Dani, and back to him. His jaw clenched. "Shit. You bastard."

Zach held up his hands in mock defense. "Hey, your warning came a little late."

"You saw her as a challenge."

"No I didn't, though she didn't have a very high opinion of me. And by the way, did you call me an asshole in my file? Because I'm beginning to wonder if that's how you see me. Actually, I like her. And I backed off as soon as you warned me." Sort of. A vision of Dani coming apart in his arms on the plane only hours earlier flashed through his mind. "But really, Jake, it's none of your goddamn business. Dani's a grown woman. She can make her own decisions."

Amusement flashed in Jake's eyes. Perhaps he might have been a little vehement.

"Well, maybe I was hasty," Jake said. "Anything that can make her look that good can't be all bad."

"Thanks," Zach muttered.

"Just look after her. She's a friend."

"That's something I wanted to talk to you about."

He raised an eyebrow. "What is it?"

"I want Dani off the protection detail."

"Why? Is she not doing her job? Or have you had enough of her already? Well, you clean up your own-"

"Shut up, Jake." He thought about what to say. He didn't want to get her into trouble, and Jake was her employer, after all. But he could still feel that prickle of fear he'd experienced walking through the airport with Dani behind him-protecting him. "I haven't had enough of her, I..."

"You don't think she's doing her job? Conflict of interest? She's perhaps decided she'd rather have you dead?"

"Fuck off."

Jake grinned. "You don't want her risking her life to keep you safe."

It wasn't a question.

"I can't fucking stand it. I nearly freaked out at the airport this morning."

Jake studied him as though he were some interesting specimen who wasn't behaving as expected. "If she was off the detail, she'd presumably come back to London. She'd probably be reassigned to another job. If she wants it."

"If she wants it," Zach repeated. "She could stay in Spain, take a vacation. She likes the villa." Or he could wait until this farce was all cleared up and then they could spend some time together. Maybe she'd come to stay with him in L.A. The thought surprised him-he'd never invited a woman to his home in L.A. before.

Jake shook his head. "You know, you're treading on dangerous ground here."

"I am?"

"She wouldn't take kindly to someone suggesting she couldn't do her job. She might even shoot you herself."

"So you won't do it?"

Jake lifted one casual shoulder. "Not for me to do. You'll have to take it up with Jess. She's in charge for the next couple of weeks."

"Bastard." He knew Jake could take her off the case if he wanted to. So why didn't he? He'd wanted Zach to keep away-this could be the perfect opportunity to ensure that happened. So why wasn't he jumping at the chance?

Across the room, Dani spoke a few words to the other two and headed off, presumably to the bathroom.

"Come on," Jake said. "I want my wife back, and I'll introduce you to Jess."

Zach gave him a sour look. "Aren't you afraid I'll try and seduce her?"

Jake laughed. "She'd eat you alive."

Kim turned around as they approached, her eyes lighting up at the sight of Jake. She moved into his arms and the two kissed.

"Aw, isn't that sweet," the blonde said.

They eventually pulled apart. "Zach, this is Jess, my second in command. Jess, this is Zach."

A smile curved the blonde's lips, and she studied him comprehensively, though he saw no feminine interest in her expression. "The asshole playboy," she murmured with a wicked smile.

"Are you sure you'll have any clients left after two weeks?" Zach said to Jake. "I think perhaps she could do with a little training in diplomacy and how to keep your clients happy."

"Actually, Dani likes your books, and she reckons you're not a playboy after all."

"Just an asshole?" he asked.

"Zach has a request," Jake said.

For a second, he hesitated. Maybe this wasn't a good idea after all. Then he remembered the fear. "I want Dani off my security detail."

Her gaze sharpened. "Why? You've slept with her and now you want her out of the way?"

Jesus. How the hell did she know that? Did everyone know? "No. I..." He ran a hand through his hair, glanced up, and saw the amusement in Jake's eyes.

"Do you have a formal complaint to make?" Jess asked.

"No."

"Then no can do." She glanced behind him. "And here she comes. Perhaps you can take it up with Dani herself."

"Not at my wedding, you can't," Jake said. "No fighting allowed."

They all turned to watch as Dani approached.

"She looks miles better," Jess murmured. "She's not even limping after two hours in heels and she looks...happy." She glanced back at Zach. "Whatever you've been doing-go right on. Just don't hurt her or you'll deal with me." She emphasized her last words with a poke in his chest. Why the hell did everyone think he was going to hurt her? Wasn't that what he was trying to avoid?

"That's what I'm aiming to stop," he said. "I don't want her taking a bullet for me."

Jess's eyes widened. "That's why you want her off the detail? Well, that does change things, but I'm still not taking her off. It's her decision. Her life. And if she has her way, she'll be heading back to a war zone soon, so get used to it."

That didn't seem real, though. And she still had the physical to pass. Maybe she would fail.

Dani came to a halt beside their little group and glanced around, her brows furrowing as she settled on Zach.

"We're going to start saying our good-byes," Jake said and tugged Kim away.

"And I'm going to..." Jess shrugged. "Leave you two to...do whatever you like." She wandered off in the direction of the buffet table.

"So did you all have a nice little chat?" Dani said.

"We did-all about you."

"So I guessed." She eyed him suspiciously. "I am grown up, you know. I don't need protecting. I bet Jake and Jess both told you to keep away, didn't they?"

Zach smiled. "Actually, I think I just got their blessing to do whatever I like with you."

"You did?"

"Oh, yeah. Apparently whatever I'm doing is having a good effect."

"It is?"

"You're glowing, and I'm supposed to keep doing it."

Her gaze wandered down over his body. Did it linger at his groin? The idea made his cock jerk in his pants. Was she thinking what he was thinking? Like how soon could they get away? "That's nice."

"Though I'm not allowed to hurt you."

"Well, that's hardly likely to happen. It's not as though I'm expecting you to marry me or anything. In fact, you're my perfect guy-you'll never want anything from me but sex, and afterward we can go on with our lives."

"Of course we can." But her words caused a little nag of irritation. She was so sure she knew him. Yeah, he didn't have a good reputation as far as commitment was concerned. That didn't mean he wasn't capable of it, just that he'd never wanted it. He shrugged off the feeling.

"So what next?" she asked.

"I have a few things in mind, and they all involve getting up close and personal."

"Like dancing?"

"That would be a start."

Chapter Eleven

Zach's hands splayed across the bare skin of her back, pulling her against the hard length of him. She was hardly aware of the music, only that it was something slow and romantic.

So why had Jake changed his attitude? Was she really glowing? And was that down to Zach and his lovemaking? Maybe Jake had just accepted that she could look after herself at last.

The hands slid down her back, sending shivers through her. They came to rest on the curve of her ass, and he squeezed gently, sending warmth flooding to her sex.

He lowered his head and nuzzled the side of her neck, his hot breath feathering her skin. "Did I mention that your breasts look fabulous in that dress?" he whispered into her ear.

"No."

"They do. They make me want to slowly strip you, kiss them, lick your nipples. They're waiting for me to do just that."

She glanced down between them and yes, she could see the hard little peaks poking at the front of her dress. They ached with need. How much longer did they have to stay here? She looked longingly at the huge staircase that led to the bedrooms.

"Until Jake and Kim leave," he said, as though reading her thoughts. "Then I'm going to take you upstairs and fuck both our brains out." He surreptitiously squeezed her ass again. "I think I'm going to lay you on your front and take you from behind, because you also have the most beautiful ass I have ever come across."

He was making love to her with his words, casting a spell around her until she felt lethargic, heavy with need, desire a warm weight building low down in her belly. Later they would consummate this, but strangely, right now, she was enjoying the slow build-up. Reveling in the delay, knowing when they came together it would be all the sweeter for the wait.

She pressed herself against him; they were hardly moving now. Resting her head on the silk of his chest, she listened as the thud of his heart kept time with the pulse beating between her thighs. She'd never felt like this. They were in the middle of a busy dance floor, surrounded by people, and she couldn't seem to focus on anyone but the man who held her. And he was far from unaffected. His hardening erection pressed between their bodies. She pushed her hips closer and felt him pulsate.

"This has the potential to be seriously embarrassing," he murmured.

She pressed again, then turned her head slightly and kissed his chest.

"Christ, I need to kiss you. And more."

He stopped moving completely, drew back from her a little, and looked around. "Come on."

"I thought you said we couldn't leave yet." She caught sight of Jake and Kim still obviously saying their good-byes. And Jess on the opposite side of the big room. She raised her glass at Dani and gave a thumbs-up with her other hand.

"We can't," Zach said. "But I do need to be alone with you for a minute. Or maybe five." He rested his hands on her shoulders, turned her, and urged her forward. When they came to the big double doors that led into the entrance hall of the castle, he slipped through and pulled her after him.

He stood for a moment, then headed to one of the curtained alcoves that lined the long room, dragged her against him, and kissed her.

Hard. His tongue plunged into her mouth with an edge of desperation. Then his hands were on her breasts, slipping inside the bodice, his fingers tugging at her nipples sending sharp jolts of pleasure straight to her sex.

He was panting, and he glanced up into her face with a rueful smile. "I feel like a horny teenager." Taking her hand in his, he pressed it to the front of his body. The steely hardness of his erection twitched beneath her palm. "I think I've been hard from the moment I touched you this morning. But it was worth it, to feel you coming apart for me."

Moist heat flooded her core at the memory of his fingers giving her pleasure. "Maybe it's time to return the favor."

She reached behind her and pulled the crimson curtain closed, leaving them in dim light. He leaned against the wall, hands in his pockets, and regarded her out of heavy-lidded eyes. "What did you have in mind?" His voice was like warm honey.

What did she have in mind? This was all new to her.

She searched his face, saw his gaze drop to her mouth and his eyes go hot and dark.

Could she?

She nipped her lower lip, then ran her tongue along the upper, heard his breath hitch.

"You're killing me here, sweetheart."

She wanted him to feel the same pleasure he had given her. Yes, she could do this. Holding his gaze, she sank to her knees in front of him.

"Jesus. You don't have to do this..." But she could hear the catch in his voice.

"I want to," she murmured. "But I'm afraid it's another first. You might have to tell me exactly what to do." Without waiting for him to reply, she stretched out a hand and stroked her finger over the length of his erection, clearly visible beneath the soft material of his pants. She toyed with the button, then flicked it open and slowly drew down the zipper. He wore black boxers and his cock strained at the soft material. She reached inside, wrapped her hand around him, and drew him out, pushing his boxers and pants down over his hips.

He was fully erect, hard against his lean belly. She'd never thought of penises as beautiful before. In fact, she'd tried not to think of them at all. Now, Dani sat back on her heels and stared at him. The head was rosy, flushed with blood, and it jerked under her stare.

Slowly, she lowered her head and took him in her mouth. He tasted salty and clean and her nostrils filled with the wild, musky scent of aroused male. It twisted her insides until they coiled up tight, and she clenched her thighs together.

His hips jerked, and she released him. She kissed his balls, licked her way up the shaft, stroking her tongue around the rim and poking the tip into the eye. Then she mouthed him again, sucking hard, and he pushed into her mouth so she almost choked.

"Sorry," he muttered, and she peered up the length of his body. "Put your hand around the base," he said.

She did, her fingers hardly meeting as they wrapped around the bottom of his shaft just above his balls. Her palm covered half of him. Now if he pushed, he wouldn't choke her. She squeezed him and then lowered her head once more, swirling her tongue around him, then sucking hard in rhythm with her gentle squeezes.

His fingers twined in her hair, and he urged her closer. His hips were pumping now, as though he couldn't help himself, and his cock seemed to swell in her mouth.

Above her, he muttered words of encouragement and she sucked harder, though her jaw was starting to ache now.

Then his back arched with one last thrust, and her mouth flooded with the salty taste of him. She swallowed instinctively as he continued to pump.

Finally, he stilled. "Holy crap."

She released him, then gave him one last kiss on the tip. Zach urged her to her feet with a hand in her hair. She wobbled, but he held her steady and kissed her, then rested his forehead against hers. "Thank you."

"My pleasure." And it had been. She realized that she loved to give him pleasure, to see him come apart for her. It gave her a sensation of power.

"And mine." He straightened his clothes.

"I suppose we should get back."

"I suppose we should." He kissed her again then took her arm and led her out of the alcove. Luckily, no one saw their furtive retreat.

"How's your leg?" Zach asked as they wandered through the ballroom.

"It's good."

"You probably need to lie down though, right?"

She peeked up at his face. "Definitely."

"Well, it looks like the happy couple is leaving at last."

Dani peeked at her watch. It was nearly nine.

"Bedtime," Zach murmured. "Perhaps I should see you to your room."

"I'm sharing with Jess."

"Then perhaps I should see you to my room."

...

Another first. The thought occurred to her as she woke the next morning; she'd never woken next to another person in her life before. She lay on her side, with Zach spooned in behind her, and realized it was his hot kisses on her naked skin that had drawn her from sleep.

He pressed his mouth to the sensitive spot where her neck met her shoulder as his arm slid around her and he cupped one breast in his big hand. She glanced down; his skin was dark against her paleness. He rolled her nipple between his finger and thumb and the sensation was a curious blend of pleasure and pain. He'd made love to her over and over again during the long hours of the night. Giving her a crash course in pleasure, he'd told her. Now her skin was sensitive to his touch. When his hand slid down over her belly, tangling with the curls at the base, then lower to slip inside, she couldn't prevent a flinch.

"Sore?" he asked.

"A little."

"You want me to stop." He grazed the pad of his thumb over her engorged clit and she gasped.

"No."

"I'll be so gentle-you'll hardly know I'm there."

She snorted. She could feel him huge and hard, nudging her ass. She waited as he shifted slightly to put on the condom, then he was back behind her.

He lifted her thigh and pushed into her from behind, filling her, stretching her. His movements were languid as he thrust and withdrew. At the same time, he massaged her clit with slow circles so the desire built inside her. She closed her eyes and gave herself up to the feelings. The musky odor of sex and warm man surrounded her. She was aware of nothing but the thrust of his cock, the movement of his fingers between her thighs.

She felt as though she hovered on the edge of a chasm. One little nudge, and she would tumble. His clever fingers kept her balanced on the brink, taking her so close, and then pulling back.

He kissed the back of her neck. "You almost there?"

"Hmm."

Thrusting into her hard, he pinched her clit between his fingers and she came in a rush of pleasure as he spilled himself inside her. He wrapped his arms around her tight and pulled her back against him.

She lay next to him, savoring the sense of closeness. But she had to move. Daylight was filtering through the heavy curtains. She'd arranged to go for a run with Jess and if she didn't show up, Jess was likely to come looking. And she needed a shower. Actually she needed a bath-a long, hot soak to ease away the soreness between her thighs. But that would have to wait.

She pulled free and sat up.

"Hey, where are you going?" he asked sleepily.

"For a run. With Jess."

He sat up, dragging a hand through his already tousled hair. He looked amazingly sexy tousled. But then he always looked sexy. She was betting she just looked a mess.

"You're kidding, right?"

"Wrong." She shoved down the sheet and made to get to her feet. She was naked and after the night they'd shared, she really shouldn't feel self-conscious. But she did.

Or maybe it was because of the night they'd shared.

Shaking off the feeling, she got to her feet, kept her steps slow as she crossed to the bathroom. Zach was still on the bed, watching her as though she were insane. She ran the shower, letting the water wash away the scent of sex and Zach. When she turned off the water and blinked open her eyes, she found him standing, leaning in the open doorway, totally naked.

"Come back to bed," he coaxed. "I promise to give you a total body workout."

"Can't," she muttered, glancing at her watch. She toweled dry, wrapped the towel around herself, and headed back to the bedroom. Zach stepped aside to allow her to pass and then followed her. "I can't afford to miss another day. I did nothing yesterday."

"Nothing?" He sounded almost scandalized, and she realized she might have been less than diplomatic.

"You know what I mean. I need to keep on top of this if I'm going to pass that physical."

"Is it really so important?"

She stopped her search for her panties and turned to face him. "You know it is." She didn't have anything to wear except her bridesmaid's dress, so she picked it up off the chair and pulled it on, not bothering to fasten the zipper. It would work for the journey from here to the room she was supposed to be sharing with Jess.

After dragging her sandals from under the bed, she slipped them on and headed for the door. When she looked back, he had a frown on his face; she reckoned he wasn't used to not getting his own way. It would do him good.

"Thanks for last night. It was fabulous. And this morning."

He nodded. "You'll come back later?"

She hadn't thought further than the night with him. Did she want more? Her mind flooded with the feel of him, the taste of him. He'd shown her pleasure she hadn't known existed. Of course she wanted more. But she also liked him and that was dangerous.

"Come on, Dani. I'm not asking for forever. We're good together. Why not make the most of it until we part ways?"

Which they inevitably would. They would eliminate the threat to Zach and he would go back to his normal life, or she would pass her physical and go back to hers. Either way-there was no future for them together. And that's how they both wanted it. In the meantime...

She gave an abrupt nod. "I'll be back." And she slipped out of the room.

...

"You bastard."

"What?" Zach glanced up from his laptop where he was working on edits to meet Dani's furious gaze from across the room.

"You asked Jess to take me off the job."

He hardened his lips, unsure which tack to take. Maybe let her get it out of her system.

"If you didn't want me around, you only had to say."

"Don't be an idiot."

She stalked into the room, coming to a halt a foot away from where he sat and stood, hands on her hips. This close he could smell the fresh sweat. Her red-gold curls stuck damply to her slender throat and forehead. She was dressed in black Lycra shorts that clung to her hips and thighs and a black sports bra that left her midriff bare. And all that bare flesh glowed with a light sheen of sweat. He had the urge to lick her flat belly, to taste the saltiness of her skin. Maybe it would take her mind off giving him the dressing-down she was obviously building herself up to.

"I'm not an idiot," she growled.

Okay, maybe not the right time for any licking. Perhaps he had just better let her get it over with.

"Of course you're not an idiot," he murmured soothingly.

"Don't try and fucking soothe me," she snarled. "I'm pissed."

"That came out wrong. But it must be obvious"-he nodded to the unmade bed-"that I want you around."

Her jaw clenched. "So I'm good enough to screw but not good enough to work for you."

He felt his own anger rise, heating his blood. With him still seated, he was staring straight at her chest. It was distracting and he closed his laptop and rose to his feet, then leaned his butt against the desk behind him and folded his arms across his chest.

Because otherwise, he might have grabbed hold of her and kissed her, and he was sure that wasn't what she wanted right now. Right now, he reckoned she was more likely to punch him in the nose than to kiss him.

"Admit it. You think I'm not good enough."

"That's not what this is about. I just-"

"You don't think a woman can protect you?"

"I never-"

"You don't think I'm strong enough? You don't think I could take you?" She took a step toward him and poked him in the chest. Hard.

He unfolded his arms and straightened away from the desk. She wanted a fight? Maybe he should give her one. "No. I don't think a woman can take a man. The size is too different." He cast his eyes down her tiny figure and drawled, "You're too small."

Her eyes narrowed to slits. Then she spun around and high-kicked him in the chest. He went to the floor with a crash and lay staring up at the ceiling.

Shit. That hurt, and not just his male pride.

It felt as though he'd been hit by a truck.

He turned his head as she came to stand beside him, then toed him in the chest with one sneaker-clad foot.

"So? Still think a woman can't take a man?"

"You took me by surprise, that's all. I wasn't actually expecting you to kick me. You won't manage it again." Actually, she might. She'd moved incredibly fast. But next time, he'd be ready.

He dragged himself to his feet and brushed himself down, watching her warily out of the corner of his eye. This time he saw the slight movement before she swung and he was ready. He feinted to the side, then grabbed her ankle as she kicked out, pulling her off balance.

He released her as she stumbled and she righted herself, then hit out with her right hand, catching him across the chest so he staggered back.

Now he was seriously pissed. "So you like it rough, baby?"

She blinked at his words, her gaze flicking down his body, lingering on his dick, and he knew she wanted him.

"Is that what this is all about?" He took a step toward her and this time she backed away. "You know you only had to ask."

His cock liked the idea. He held her gaze while he shoved one hand down his pants and grabbed his hardening shaft. "My dick is willing to play. It likes you all hot and sweaty."

She backed up another step, came up against the edge of the desk, and licked her lips.

"You don't really want to fight me, honey," he murmured. "Wouldn't you rather fuck me instead?"

She shook her head, but her breathing increased, her breasts rising and falling. And if he wasn't mistaken, he could see her nipples pebbled against the tight Lycra.

He squeezed his cock and his balls tightened. "Say the word, Dani."

Her gaze fell, and he pushed his pants down so she could see his erection. She licked her lips and blood shot to his groin. "Yes."

It was enough. He grabbed a foil packet from the table by the bed and rolled it onto his cock. Then grabbed her shoulders and turned her around, pushing her forward so she braced herself with her palms flat against the smooth wood of the desk. He shoved one thigh between her legs, pressing up against her sex.

He dragged the tight shorts down over her hips and legs, then pushed them off and stood back. She had a gorgeous ass, tight from all that running and training. He considered his options. It seemed a pity, but she had just knocked him flat, so he deserved a little retaliation. He raised his hand and brought it down on her left buttock. Heard her moan, but it wasn't from pain, and he brought his hand down on her right side. Her ass lifted a little, blushed pink, and he slapped her again. She liked it-he could tell from the little mewling sounds trickling from her throat, the way her ass pushed backward and her legs parted so he could see the red-gold curls between, and his dick got even harder.

Shit, he was so hard. He needed to be inside her now. He ran his hand down the crevice of her ass, slipped it between her legs, delving between the slippery folds of her sex to find her hot and more than ready for him.

"Hold on tight," he whispered and shoved inside her hard. "Oh Christ, that feels so fucking good."

His hands gripped her hips, holding her in place, and he pumped into her hard and fast. His balls ached and he wasn't going to last, but he wanted her to come first. Wrapping one arm around her waist, he slipped his other hand between her thighs. He found the swollen nub and massaged it with his finger and thumb as he slammed into her. She screamed, her knees gave beneath her, and she would have fallen without his arm supporting her. Leaning over her, he nipped the soft skin of her throat with his teeth as he found his own release inside her. He buried himself deep as the pleasure blazed through him, from his cock to his balls, up his spine, radiating out.

They stood, his body wrapped around her while he waited for his heart rate to settle and his legs to steady. Finally, he picked her up and dropped her on the middle of the huge bed. She stared up at him, a dazed expression in her eyes. At least she didn't look like she wanted to kick him again.

"You hit me," she murmured, rolling onto her side and trying to peer at her bottom.

He rubbed his hand over her ass. "Yeah. You want me to do it again?"

"Maybe. But not right now." She stretched and winced. "Is this where you admit that you're kinky? Can I expect anything really weird?"

"No, nothing really weird. I've tried some of that stuff and the whole scene does nothing for me. But maybe just a little bit..."

"A little bit?"

He rubbed her ass again. "A little spanking, a little bondage..."

"Is that where I get to tie you up?"

"If you want to." He grinned. "Shit, I got a twinge. Definitely, if you want to." He looked at her-was he taking things too fast? "You were sore-I'm supposed to be gentle."

"Just a little."

He rolled her over and kissed his way down her spine, licked the reddened flesh of her ass, massaged her buttocks, until the tension drained from her. He grabbed one of the cushions from the chair by the bed and pushed it under her, raising her hips. And felt his dick pulsate. Then he lowered his face between her legs, pushed his tongue inside her, and proceeded to show her in no uncertain terms just how much he wanted her around.

"You taste fucking delicious."

...

She might never move again.

Sprawled across his body, her head rested on his chest, his hand on her butt. Little shivers of pleasure rippled through her body. She could feel the skin of her bottom smarting where he'd smacked her. The memory was enough to send another orgasm shuddering through her body. Who would have thought it?

She was a bona-fide pervert.

She'd been so furious when Jess had told her Zach wanted her off the job. And if she was honest with herself-hurt as well. She'd presumed he wanted her out of the way and hadn't stopped to think. Just come marching in here and... Had she really knocked her employer to the floor? Well, now he had legitimate grounds for getting her ass kicked off his detail.

But that didn't explain why he wanted her fired. Unless he really didn't think she was good enough.

"So why did you want me off the job?" she asked.

He released an audible sigh but otherwise kept quiet.

"I'm a highly trained professional and quite capable of keeping you alive." She pushed herself up, with her palms against his chest so she could look down into his face. His eyes were closed. "And I know you're not asleep."

He sighed again, and his thick lashes flickered open. "I don't want you risking your life to keep me safe."

"You don't seem to have a problem with Gary or Simon." She hated that-she'd worked so hard to get herself seen as an equal with the guys. And she thought she'd succeeded. She tugged free and sat beside him, wrapping the sheet around her. This was no conversation to have naked. "It's because I'm a woman, isn't it?"

He frowned, then shifted beneath her, pulling himself up so he leaned against the headboard. "It's because you're my woman."

Dani opened her mouth to snap back, then closed it again as his words sank in. She turned away for a moment and ran a hand through her hair, lifting it off her neck. "Your woman? What does that mean, exactly?"

The smallest of smiles curled his lips. "I'm not actually sure." He studied her, his head cocked to one side. "But I do know that I don't want you out of my life right now. And I also know that I hate the idea of you being in danger, that I don't want you protecting me. If there's any protecting to do, I want to be the one doing it."

"That is so-"

"I know."

She nibbled on her lip. "So you want to continue with this..." She waved a hand in the general direction of his groin. Then paused to look again.

"Hell, yes."

"Why? You could have any woman you wanted. I saw them watching you yesterday. Why me?"

"The truth-again I don't know. Maybe I like a challenge."

"I'm hardly a challenge."

"You're the first woman to ever knock me on my ass." He ran a hand through his hair. "You're overthinking. Why not enjoy what we have while we have it? Neither of us is into commitment. One day soon, I'll be in the clear and I'll go back to my real life. And you'll get your physical and go back to yours. Right now, we're both in a strange place. Why can't we share it?"

It sounded logical, and so like her own thoughts yesterday, but still a little twinge of doubt niggled her. She studied him, trying to unearth the source of her unease. He was so beautiful, so perfect, and she was as far from perfect as you could possibly get. But it wasn't only his physical looks that drew her; she liked him and that scared her. She didn't want to like him as a person. She wanted to be able to walk away from this with no regrets. And maybe she should be doing just that before she got in too deep. But at the thought of walking away, something inside her rebelled.

This might be her one chance to explore physical passion. And maybe afterward they could be friends. He'd obviously stayed friends with Lauren, his accountant, and she was guessing with the vast numbers of other women he'd slept with. He was such a friendly guy.

"You won't try and get me fired again?"

"I'll make you a deal. I'll try and shut up about it, but from now on, you stick to working the dogs. No more guarding my back."

She could live with that. "Okay. It's a deal-until the real world intrudes."

Chapter Twelve

Gary and Simon were both waiting on the tarmac when she descended from the plane. Both dressed in dark suits and in serious business mode.

This time she and Zach had had the plane entirely to themselves, apart from the exceptionally discreet flight attendant. Dani wondered whether it was obvious to the two men below that they'd spent the entire flight in bed, guzzling champagne and giggling like teenagers. She'd never thought that sex would be so much fun. But now she felt as though her indiscretions were branded across her forehead in big red letters.

She was totally conscious of Zach behind her. They hadn't discussed what they would say-if anything-about their...relationship. She'd sort of presumed they'd be discreet. Or maybe she'd just hoped. But as they stepped off, Zach's arm came around her waist and he drew her to his side in a blatant show of possession.

She twitched with the need to pull free. His grip tightened, and she closed her eyes and counted to ten.

Gary and Simon were still there when she opened them. Simon's face twisted into an expression of disapproval, but Gary appeared resigned. "Jess called me," he said.

"Oh."

"I don't approve."

"Neither do I," Simon added.

"Get over it," Zach snapped.

Gary nodded. "Jess says it's not a conflict of interest, and she's in charge. Just don't make me trip over the two of you every few minutes."

This time when they made their way through the airport, she stayed firmly attached to Zach's side. Gary took point and Simon brought up the rear. She could feel his disapproval burning into her back.

"You don't have to keep hold of me quite so tight," she mumbled.

"You ashamed to be seen with me?"

"Maybe."

He leaned down and kissed her cheek without breaking his stride. "Hard luck."

She gritted her teeth and resisted the urge to dropkick him again. He could be such an asshole. And she was feeling grumpy, probably due to too little sleep over the past couple of days. And she'd lulled herself into believing that what was between her and Zach was nobody's business but theirs. Seeing Gary and Simon was a wakeup call. Real life was already intruding.

She slipped her arm around Zach's waist and pressed herself against him. Screw them-they'd have to get used to it.

Skip was in the back of the car. The little dog hurled himself at the windows when he caught sight of their approach. She slid into the backseat beside Zach and the dog jumped onto her knee, licked her face.

"He missed you," Simon said as he climbed into the driver's seat, and Gary got in beside him.

"I'll have to decide what to do with him if I go back in the army." She stroked the dog's head and tried not to worry.

"I'll take him," Zach said. "He can live at my place in L.A.-there's a huge backyard, and you can come and visit when you're on leave."

Wow. He hated dogs-didn't he? She glanced at his face, but he wasn't giving anything away. So he wanted to see her again? As friends, probably. He'd said himself that he wasn't into commitment.

"If I pass the physical."

For the first time, she forced herself to consider what she would do if she failed and had to leave the army for good. Though she doubted that would happen. Each day her leg got stronger. She could run five miles now without a twinge. But what if she did fail? She could stay here as long as Zach was under threat. Then what? Jake would give her a job, but she wasn't sure that was what she wanted. Spending her life, guarding people like Zach. Was there anyone else quite like Zach?

"What are you thinking?" he asked.

"Wondering what I'll do if I fail the physical." She shrugged. "Probably Jake will take me on. I can spend my life babysitting asshole playboys."

He frowned. "Why not do something completely different?"

"Sorry. I didn't mean to talk about the future. We said we wouldn't. I was just thinking about Skip."

The dog settled in her lap and went straight to sleep. Dani rested her head against Zach's shoulder and closed her eyes.

She wouldn't think of the future. Not yet. She had two more weeks until her physical. She didn't want anything to spoil them. She breathed in the unique scent of Zach and allowed his closeness and the smooth movement of the vehicle to lull her into sleep.

...

The phone rang, interrupting Zach's brooding. They'd been back in Spain for nine days now, and he couldn't shake this sense of foreboding.

"Hi, it's Jess. Are you looking after my best friend?"

"Of course." Zach got to his feet and crossed to the French doors, looking out over the gardens. "She's with the dogs right now. You want to talk to her?"

"No. I wanted to talk to you, actually."

Excitement tightened his gut. "What is it? Do you have more information?"

"We do. I think we've found the group who sent the threats. I'll email you the details."

"So what's the next move? We lock the fuckers away, I hope."

"That's the idea. But unfortunately, we need something on them first. So far we don't have enough proof to warrant putting them away."

"Great. Maybe we should let them kill me. Then you can lock them up for murder."

She laughed. "Sounds like a plan, but it would probably upset Dani. Not to mention Jake. He might never leave me in charge again."

"Ha ha. When's he due back?"

"Tomorrow." She was silent for a moment. "You know, maybe we shouldn't go as far as murdering you, but perhaps we could use you to draw them out. Catch them in the act. We might get that past Jake, though I wouldn't mention the idea to Dani."

Too right. "Would it work?"

"Maybe if we put you somewhere out in the open and high-profile enough."

Zach thought for a moment. It sounded risky, but he wanted this over with and he wanted the fuckers put away, then he could concentrate on Dani. And he had the perfect opportunity-it seemed like fate. "There's an award ceremony next Saturday night. It will be televised. I wasn't planning on going, but I could tell them I've changed my mind."

It was also the day after Dani's physical. They could travel together.

"Okay. I'll run it past Jake tomorrow and let you know what he thinks."

"And send me what you have on them."

"Will do. I'll email it. Say hi to Dani for me."

After he ended the call, he sat on the sofa, rested his head against the cushions, and stared out of the French doors to the gardens beyond. He could see Dani at the edge of the lawns, the two Dobermans sitting in front of her, heads cocked to one side as though listening. The little white and ginger dog sat at her heels and followed her every move.

Finally, she waved the big dogs off and headed back toward the house. She appeared vibrantly alive. No sign of any limp, her skin tanned, her eyes glowing.

The physical was in a few days and he could see no reason why she wouldn't pass. She was a different woman than the waif who'd arrived here weeks ago. Why didn't that thought make him happier?

He didn't want her to go back to the army. And he could admit now that it wasn't only the danger, though that was a big part. He didn't want her to leave him.

The trouble was, while he knew what he didn't want, he had no real clue what he did want. How far he was willing-or capable-of going.

What if he asked her to stay with him-to not go back into the army-and then a few weeks or months down the line, he realized he really couldn't do the commitment thing, and she'd given up her whole life for him, and he'd feel trapped...?

Crap, he was a mess.

Because the army was her life. He didn't know why, and she refused to open up. Refused to talk about anything of a personal nature. She'd allow him to get so close and then she slammed the door in his face.

Maybe if he understood her, what made her tick, solved the puzzle, then she would lose her appeal. He could relegate her into the long list of "lovers turned to friends."

He'd never thought of himself as a coward, but each time he'd girded himself to confront her, ask her what she wanted from him, where they were going, he backed down. Because he was pretty sure she would walk away from him if he pushed her into a corner.

He didn't want her to do that. And strangely, for the first time in his life, he didn't want his feelings to change, couldn't imagine thinking of her as a friend, never kissing her, holding her, making love...

He kept waiting for the trapped sensation, the one that always came when a woman started to get comfortable, think there was a future with him. But the feeling never came with Dani and really, it was obvious why not.

Because he wasn't trapped.

Because all she really wanted him for was sex.

And after she'd gotten enough of him, then she would go back to her old life and forget he even existed.

She didn't care about him, about his life, what he wanted. She was using him.

He couldn't believe he had actually had that thought. It was payback-the tables were well and truly turned. And he didn't like it. Had no clue what to do about it. All he knew was the idea of her leaving him, going back into danger, was tearing him apart.

Shit, he was in trouble.

...

Dani had moved into the main house. She'd considered maintaining some distance-for all of about a second-but it wasn't really an option. Zach wouldn't let her. And besides, she didn't want to trip over Gary and Simon and their disapproving expressions every five minutes.

"Don't worry," she'd told Gary as he lounged in the open doorway while she packed her bag. "I know you think I can't look after myself, but honestly, I'll be fine. This thing with Zach is a bit of fun-nothing serious."

She only hoped she'd been telling the truth, but as usual as soon as the thought flickered through her mind, she squashed it down into the deepest, darkest corner of her brain. She was not going to spoil these last days. Four more to go until the physical. She wouldn't waste them.

Peering through the glass doors, she could see Zach on the sofa, a fierce expression on his normally laid-back face. She hoped he was thinking about the plot of his book and not about her. Then she noticed the phone clasped in his hand.

She pushed open the door, and he watched her as she crossed the room.

"Bad news?" she asked.

He glanced at the phone as if he'd forgotten it was in his hand and then tossed it onto the table. "No. Just Jess checking in-she said to say hi."

"Oh."

"And I might be coming with you next week."

"To the physical?"

"Well, not actually to the physical, but I've been invited to an awards ceremony. Jess is checking out whether it will be safe. She'll let us know."

That was nice. She'd been dreading leaving him, but this might give them another day or so together.

He still appeared on edge, and she leaned down and kissed him on the forehead, then climbed onto his lap, straddling his leans hips and kissing him on the mouth. For a second, he melted into her, then he pulled away.

She flinched, a little stab of fear jabbing her in the stomach. Was this it? Was this how it ended? Was he sick of her already?

She would have sworn that wasn't the case. They seemed closer than ever. Maybe that was the problem-he didn't want to be close. But she'd done her best not to get serious with him, to make it clear that she wouldn't cling when it was over. She just didn't want it to be over yet.

Leaning back, she studied him. His jaw was tight with tension. "Are you okay?"

She'd expected at simple yes, but instead he gave a shrug. "Just restless. I wish this whole thing was over."

Including me?

There was that little stab of fear again. But really, had she thought she could keep him when no other woman had? It was only days until her physical and then this would be over anyway. At least she hoped so. Or did she?

She'd been doing her very best to enjoy the "now" and not think about the future. Because there was a big dark hole when she thought about not seeing Zach again. But she would get over him, once she was back in the order and routine of her old life. Once she was back in control.

She trailed a finger down his chest, flicking open the top button of his shirt so she could slip her hand inside, stroke the warm, satiny skin. "If you're restless, we could go to bed. Work off some of that energy." She flicked another button, drifted her fingers lower, but he stopped her with a hand on top of hers and her gaze flew to his face.

"We can't spend our whole lives having sex," he muttered.

They couldn't? They hadn't been doing such a bad job so far. She didn't answer because she didn't know what to say.

"Maybe I'd just like to get out of here," he said. "Do something normal-like a normal couple."

Was he talking about a goddamn date? She chewed on her lower lip. "But we're not a normal couple, Zach. Hardly even a couple, never mind normal."

Anger flashed across his face. "The hell we aren't a couple."

Dani took a deep breath. She didn't understand him in this mood. Maybe she didn't understand him at all. "Let me get this straight. You want to take me out for a date?"

"We could head to the coast. Have lunch..."

She didn't want to go out. She didn't want the real world to impinge on her little idyll. But he was looking eager now. He actually wanted to take her out. Was he bored? She didn't think so.

"Come on, Dani. You can go put a dress on."

"I don't have a dress."

He ignored her. "We'll take Gary to babysit me, but he's not sitting at our table."

She gave in to the inevitable. "I'll go shower."

Chapter Thirteen

They'd chosen a table under a yellow striped umbrella right at the edge of the sand. Gary sat across the terrace, nursing a cup of coffee and not looking happy. He hadn't approved of the trip but had given in when Zach had promised he'd do what he was told and come back at the first hint anything was amiss. Maybe Gary could also sense Zach's restlessness and had decided this was the lesser of two evils.

She knew Jake's people believed they were close to finding who had made the threats against Zach, but she was also aware that Jess thought they would make a move soon. So Dani kept herself wary and just sipped at the sangria Zach had ordered.

"You're not on duty," he said and refilled her glass.

"I know." She forced herself to relax. This was likely to be a one-off-why not enjoy it? She tuned out the people all around her; she'd gotten good at that in the army, where privacy was limited. Instead, she concentrated on Zach. "So what's bothering you?"

A smile flickered across his face. "Trust you to go for the straightforward attack."

"Well?"

For a minute, he gazed over her shoulder, then he looked her in the eyes. "I don't want you to go back into the army."

She jerked back at his words, knocking her glass and spilling the crimson liquid onto the tablecloth. Dabbing at it with a napkin, she tried to come up with a suitable response. She'd believed they had an unspoken agreement that they wouldn't discuss the future. But maybe Zach wasn't working to the same rules. Or more likely, he was a natural-born rule-breaker.

"I might not even go back to Afghanistan," she said. "I could be posted anywhere."

"L.A.?"

She blinked while she tried to make sense of his comment. "I don't think so. What's this about?"

"I..." He smiled. "Nothing. Leave it. We'll talk some other time." He pushed his plate away. "We should have brought swimming things. You want to walk-go kick some surf?"

The beach was crowded. It was the height of the season, but she loved the salt tang in the air. When she was little, up until twelve, her family had gone to the seaside each summer and the smell brought back bittersweet memories.

"Why not?" she said.

She hadn't found a dress; instead, she wore shorts and a T-shirt. She kicked off her flip-flops and picked them up. Zach took her free hand in his and they strolled along the sand. She was aware of people watching them, but that would happen wherever Zach went. They were probably wondering what he was doing with someone like her.

The surf was cool against her bare toes and she pressed herself up against his side. "Is this normal enough for you?" she murmured.

"Maybe if I can zone out the big guy with the disapproving stare behind us."

"He is a little hard to ignore, isn't he? But he's good at his job."

A couple. A normal couple. Is that how he thought of them? She couldn't get her head around it; it didn't fit into her worldview at all. And what had he meant by his L.A. comment? Did he want to see her again? She couldn't see how that would work once she was back in the army. She could visit him on leave-though it would be hard once she was deployed.

Did she want to see him again or was this something she should put behind her? She'd always considered it as a timeout from real life. Now he was suggesting they make it real.

But Zach didn't do commitment and she couldn't bear to see him with other women after what they had been to each other.

Not if she was armed. She might shoot one or both of them.

She didn't like that she felt possessive-that wasn't supposed to happen.

But then nothing was turning out as she'd thought. Maybe no-strings sex didn't work for her. And she didn't want any strings; certainly she didn't want to care for Zach. She had a disastrous track record with people she cared about.

No, it was best to keep things light and then her world wouldn't collapse when he left her, as he no doubt would. Because she wasn't the only one with a bad track record. Zach was still the same person. He'd never committed to a woman in his life. Why would he start with her? How could she even consider changing her life for a man who would no doubt eventually get bored of her and relegate her to the very overcrowded ranks of his ex-girlfriends turned just friends.

A scream pierced the air, ripping her from her less-than-happy thoughts. Dani turned to stare out to sea, immediately on the alert. A woman was in the water about fifty feet out, clinging to the ropes that cordoned off the beach area and pointing at something close by. A capsized dingy.

"My daughter!"

Dani searched the water and caught a brief glimpse of a bright blond head before it disappeared beneath the waves. She hadn't noticed that the wind had picked up, but the sea was quite rough now, breaking against her knees.

Without thinking, she tossed her shoes to the ground and jumped headfirst into the surf, swimming strongly toward where she'd last seen the girl. She was vaguely aware of Zach close behind her, but she concentrated hard on the spot. When she reached it she dived, but found nothing. She came up for air and glanced toward the woman still clinging to the ropes. "I can't swim," the woman gasped, pointing at a spot to the left.

Dani dived again, her eyes straining through the gloomy water. Finally, she caught a glimpse of red-the girl's swimsuit. She could feel the tug on her lungs, signaling the need for air. But she couldn't give up. She couldn't fail. Not this time.

Her fingers snagged in the long blond hair and she tightened her fist around it, dragging the girl toward her and pushing to the surface. She came up gasping and lifted the little girl's head above the water.

Dani could detect no sign of breathing, and she swam strongly for the shore.

She laid her on the sand and knelt by her side. She looked about six, the same age Sam had been...

Pinching the girl's nose, Dani breathed air into her mouth. "Come on," she muttered.

Finally, a choking sound. Dani crouched back on her knees as the girl rolled onto her side, retching as she spewed up the seawater she'd swallowed.

Dani closed her eyes for a second, weakness flooding her system. "You okay?" she asked.

The girl nodded, then sat up, blinking her huge blue eyes just as her hysterical mother descended on them, dragging her daughter into a merciless hug.

The last of her strength oozed out of Dani, and she sagged. A large, tanned hand stuck in front of her. She grasped it and allowed Zach to tug her to her feet. He wrapped her in his arms and pulled her close. He was wet. His clothes clinging to his body. So was she.

"Hey," he murmured. "You did good."

She smiled and burrowed her face against his chest, content to be close.

"Thank you." The woman's voice spoke from behind them, breaking the moment. Dani peered around to see the woman still clutching the girl to her side as though she couldn't bear to let her go. "I thought it would be safe, but then the sea got rough and the dingy capsized, and I thought... Thank you."

"She should be all right, but I'd take her into the local emergency room and get her checked out."

"Someone's already called an ambulance."

"Good. And learn to swim. Make sure she does as well."

"Here." Gary came up to them. "Compliments of the local cafe owner." He tossed them both a towel. "For the heroes of the day."

"Heroine," Zach said. "You were amazing."

She rubbed her hair with the towel and then wrapped it around her shoulders. "I've been trained." Glancing around, she found they were the center of attention, the crowd keeping their distance but watching them. She was guessing Gary wouldn't be happy with all the interest. "Let's get out of here."

"We'll go sit in the sun," Zach said. "Dry off, then we'll head home. I think I'm ready to take you up on that offer."

"Which offer is that?"

"The one where you take me to bed and screw my brains out until I forget how scared I was when you dived into that water."

"You dived in as well."

"So I did."

She bit her lip. "I couldn't have faced it if she'd drowned."

"It wouldn't have been your fault. It was that stupid imbecile of a mother. You can only do your best."

She shivered in the hot air and wrapped the towel around her. "Yes. But sometimes your best isn't enough."

...

For a second, she'd looked so tragic.

"Tell me," he said. "Tell me about the one you didn't save."

They were leaning against the seawall, the afternoon sun beating down on them, drying their damp clothes. Dani stared out to sea and he held his breath, waiting to see if she would open up to him at last, or whether her inbuilt defense mechanism would snap closed and shut him out yet again.

Her hair was drying in riotous curls, framing her small face, and she pushed them off her forehead impatiently.

"My brother, Sam. He was about the same age as that little girl. So small."

"How old were you?"

"Twelve. I was looking after him."

"What happened?"

"He wanted to feed the ducks at the canal. We weren't supposed to go near the water alone, but no one could ever say no to Sam. It was a beautiful day, the sort of day where you can't imagine anything bad happening. He leaned in too far to see if he could touch the ducklings and fell in. He could swim and at first I thought he'd come up and get out, but I waited too long." She was talking faster now, as though to get the words out before she changed her mind. "I jumped in, but I must have knocked myself out against something in the water. Someone saw me jump, and they pulled me out. They didn't know about Sam. They didn't find the body until later that night."

He took her hand, squeezing her fingers. "I'm sorry."

"So you see, sometimes whatever you do isn't enough."

"Is that why you joined the army? So you could learn to save people?"

She shook her head. "I told you. I was given a choice-young offenders prison or the army. I nearly chose prison." She gave a quick grin and then the sadness returned.

"Was there just the two of you? You and Sam?"

"Yes." She bit her lip. "I was adopted when I was five." She only had a hazy memory of her real mother. And had no clue of her father's identity; there was a big glaring blank on her birth certificate. She'd been taken into care when she was three and spent the next two years in the foster system, handed around like a package while her birth mother decided whether she wanted to get her back. Obviously not. Then she'd been adopted and she'd had six happy years. "Mom got pregnant with Sam the year after they adopted me. Apparently, it's quite common. People stop trying for a baby and it happens. Mom and dad probably tried not to differentiate between us but it must have been hard-Sam was perfect. And even before the accident, I was far from perfect. I was slow in school-"

"You were fucking dyslexic-of course you were slow. Why the hell did no one notice?"

"You sound so fierce. But really, I didn't mind. I loved Sam. We all did."

He tried to rein in his anger. Anger for a little girl a long time ago who'd gotten a raw deal out of life and by the sound of it, a pair of crappy parents. He thought back to his own childhood, how he'd felt smothered. But he had never doubted that he was loved. For the first time, he felt a pang of guilt for the way he had run away, for the way he now lived his life. He was going to make a point to go see his mother, tell her he loved her even if he didn't always show it.

"What happened after the accident?"

She gave a helpless shrug. "Everything fell apart. They wouldn't talk about Sam, but I knew they blamed me. Why wouldn't they-I blamed myself."

"It wasn't your fault."

"Of course it was. I was always misbehaving. If I hadn't taken him where I shouldn't, it would never have happened. Oh, I know it was an accident, but accidents usually have a reason. Look at that stupid woman-taking her daughter out on a boat when neither of them could swim."

"You were a kid."

"I know. Don't worry, I've come to terms with it. But back then, it was like the end of the world. Mom was the worst. I'd see her staring at me and know she wished it were me who was dead. In the end, she couldn't stand the memories, and she left us."

"Bitch."

"And my dad withdrew inside himself. Most of the time, I think he forgot I even existed. I went off the rails a little. He'd sort of look right through me, and I just wanted him to see me." She shrugged. "So I...misbehaved."

"And ended up in the army."

"Yeah, and right from the start I loved it. I loved the order and the discipline." She grinned. "And the three meals a day."

She was breaking his heart, and he hadn't even known he had one or that it was so fragile.

"The army's my home," she said. "Where I belong. The first place I felt like I belonged since Sam died."

He wanted to argue with her, tell her it might be the first but it didn't have to be the last, but he knew right now wasn't the time. He needed to get his head sorted, come to terms with the thoughts and feelings coursing through him. He was scared. And it wasn't something he was used to.

What if he let her down?

One more person who claimed to care for her and then never came through. He was hardly a good bet.

"Do you keep in touch?"

"With my parents? No, not really. I send Dad a card at Christmas, but I've never gotten one from him. Once or twice, I've thought about going to see him, but something always holds me back. One day, maybe. Perhaps it will be good for both of us."

"I don't give a fuck if it's good for him. He let you down. They both did." He got to his feet and held out a hand to her. He wanted to take her home, where he could hold her, kiss away the pain, tell her he would be there for her whatever happened between them. He could do that much.

She put her hand in his, and he drew her to her feet, and then nodded to Gary, who was sitting a few feet away.

"I just need to use the bathroom," Dani said and disappeared into the cafe.

Gary wandered over. "She okay? You looked sort of serious over here."

"I don't know."

"You like her, don't you?"

Zach nodded absently, his gaze straying to the restaurant where Dani would appear.

"I mean more than all those other women you've had?"

Gary clearly had something he wanted to say and Zach turned to face him. "Is it that obvious?"

"Yeah. Look, maybe I was wrong. I wasn't happy about you and her. I thought she'd get hurt."

"You care about her, that's all."

"We all do. There's something..." Gary rubbed the back of his neck and gazed after where she had disappeared. "Anyway, I wanted to say that maybe you're good for her after all."

"Thanks. I think."

Gary's phone rang and he pulled it out of his pocket and listened for a moment. He glanced across at Zach, then held out the phone. "It's Simon. Apparently you have guests at the gate waiting to get in."

He didn't want guests. "Who is it?"

"He says he's your agent and a few friends by the look of it."

"Shit."

"Should I tell them to go away?"

He wished he could. But Julian was a friend as well as his agent, and he'd come a long way. Maybe he'd come to cheer Zach up. They hadn't been in contact for a couple of weeks-since before Jake's wedding in fact, but he'd probably sounded pissed off the last time they'd talked.

He sighed. "Let them in."

Suddenly, he wasn't too eager to get back to the villa. Dani appeared at that moment and glanced at the phone still in his hand. "Problems?"

"We have visitors," Zach said. "My agent and a few hangers-on."

"I think you mean you have visitors."

"No. From now on, my friends are your friends. You can help me entertain them."

She pursed her lips. "I think I'd rather entertain a gang of armed terrorists all intent on butchering you."

"I imagine you would." He smiled as he tucked her hand under his arm-just in case she decided to bolt. "But tough luck."

Chapter Fourteen

Dani felt totally wrung out.

She rested her head back against the soft leather as the car sped them back to the villa. She'd never spoken of Sam to anyone before. Now she realized how much she had kept bottled up inside. She'd told Zach that she'd understood why her parents had acted as they did. That didn't mean it hadn't hurt.

At the time, it had been like the end of the world, and the years after Sam's death had been as though she moved though a gray fog, splintered by sharp jabs of intense pain.

In some ways, it had been easier once her mother had left them. Being ignored by her father was like a dull ache, but her mother's accusing glances had been agony.

What a total mess.

The army had straightened her out. Well, as straight as she was likely to get, though she was aware there were still a few kinks.

She wasn't ready to meet Zach's friends. She didn't want to be faced with the evidence that she didn't fit into his life. Right now she was living in a lovely little bubble, and she had an inkling that it was about to burst. Maybe she needed to get in there and burst it first, not wait for it to happen. She gave Zach a quick sideways peek-not yet.

She felt and, no doubt, looked like she'd been dunked in seawater and dried all crumpled. She was gritty with sand. What she needed was a long shower and then to crawl into bed with Zach and forget about everything.

Zach appeared quite content to maintain the silence, though he did search out her hand and rest it on his lap.

Dani closed her eyes, but talking about Sam had brought back all those memories she'd buried deep. She could see the past more clearly now. Sam's death had been a tragic accident that had sent all their lives spiraling out of control, and she hadn't stopped until she'd gotten away from the source of the poison. But it was still in there, maybe too deep to ever be lanced.

She understood the problem. She'd spent too many years believing she was a misfit, unlovable, that she didn't fit in. More than that, the very people who might have had the power to pull her back, save her, had abandoned her instead.

Opening her eyes, she watched Zach as he stared out of the car window. In profile, he was perfect. Strong nose, passionate lips, flawless cheekbones. What did he see in her? When would he finally realize that she wasn't...?

She shook off the thought. The whole idea of coming to care for Zach was impossible; she couldn't let it happen, couldn't set herself up for that sort of pain again. Perhaps if he'd been a different sort of man, more...ordinary, then she might have risked it. But if he'd been ordinary, if he'd been anyone other than Zach, would she have wanted to?

Three more days.

Gary pulled up in front of the villa and she scrambled out. Zach took her hand before she could make a run for it. She didn't want to meet these strangers now, when she was feeling so vulnerable, but she also didn't want to make a scene, so she allowed him to pull her inside the house.

The door into the lounge opened, and a man stepped out. Medium height, slender, with a smile on his narrow, handsome face.

"Zach."

He came to a halt in front of them and peered at her with laughter glinting in his pale gray eyes. "So this is how you've been amusing yourself. Novel."

"Fuck off, Julian." Zach dragged her forward. "This is Dani. And she has two very big dogs, so I'd be careful what you say."

Julian smiled and held out a hand. At least Zach had to let her go so she could step forward to take it.

"Wonderful to meet you, Dani. Any friend of Zach's is a friend of mine."

The guy sounded creepily insincere. "Likewise," she murmured.

The door behind them swung open. Through it, she could see into the lounge. A group of people stood in the center. For a moment, it looked like a whole crowd, but she realized there were just four, three women and a man. All tall. All glamorous. All staring their way. And all no doubt wondering what the hell Zach was doing with her.

She so didn't need this right now.

She tugged her hand free. "Nice to meet you," she said coolly, then turned to Zach. "I should go and check on those dogs."

It was Julian who answered. "Come and have a drink first, meet Zach's friends."

She glanced at Zach. His hands were shoved in his pockets, his lips held in a thin line, but he didn't speak.

"Maybe later," she said. "Enjoy your evening."

She turned and walked away.

"Dani." She was almost at the door when Zach called her name. She glanced back over her shoulder. "I'll see you later," he said.

Much later.

It wasn't a question, but she merely nodded curtly and strode out through the front door and into the early evening sunshine. She crossed the garden and whistled. The two dogs came bounding up, followed by Skip, who spent much of his time when Dani wasn't available with Angel and Spike. If Zach took him back to L.A., she'd have to suggest that he get another dog to keep Skip company. She talked to them for a minute, rubbing their heads, gaining the comfort she always did from the animals, then sent them back to work.

She peered back at the lights spilling from the main house. She could slip in the back way and go take a shower, stay in her room. But she didn't want to. There were lights on at the guesthouse, so she headed over there instead, Skip at her heels.

Simon was seated on the terrace, cleaning his gun. He glanced up as she approached. "You okay?" he asked, putting the pistol down on the table.

"Yeah. It's a little crowded up there for me right now."

"Don't you like Zach's friends?"

"I just didn't feel like company." Then she scowled. "Okay, no, I don't like them. We haven't even been introduced, and I hate them already. I know, I'm shallow, but they're all tall and gorgeous and..."

"Different. They're a different breed from you and me."

"Maybe. Or maybe I'm tired and grumpy and covered in sand."

"Gary told me what you did today-with the little girl. You did good."

"It felt good." She stepped onto the terrace. "Is it okay if I use the shower here? I'm a little..." She ran a hand through her hair; it had the consistency of toffee. "Sticky."

"Go ahead."

He went back to cleaning his gun, and Dani stepped past him and into the house. Standing under the cool spray of water, she remembered the first time she had ever seen Zach-floating in the pool in all his naked glory-she'd never believed that they would ever... What?

She had to stop thinking. It never did any good.

Afterward, she studied her salt-encrusted clothes and shoved them in the hamper, then pulled on one of the fluffy white robes. She'd been dressed like this the first time they'd met.

Gary was on the terrace beside Simon when she went out. He nodded to the bottle of beer on the table. "Simon said you looked like you needed it."

"Thanks. It's been a long day."

She propped herself on the corner of the sofa, tucked her legs under her, and took a swig of beer. No doubt, they'd be drinking chilled wine up at the house.

Gary pulled a pack of cards out of his pocket. "You in?"

"Why not?"

"Won't he expect you up there?" Gary waved a hand toward the main house.

"I don't know." She could have added that she didn't care, but that wouldn't have been true and she was a crap liar.

"Oh well, I guess everyone, even girlfriends, are allowed a night off once in a while." And he dealt the cards.

...

Zach kept his face expressionless as he allowed the conversation to flow over him. Where the hell was she?

He'd gone up for a shower after he'd said his hellos and fully expected to find her hiding away up there. Instead, his room was empty and he'd had to fight the urge to go hunt her down.

In the end, he'd decided to give her space. Julian's visit had come at a bad time, just when she'd started to open up to him. But she'd appeared so vulnerable on the drive back; he was betting she hadn't spoken of her little brother in a long time. Now she had. And to him. Perhaps she was coming to care.

But however much he wanted her chained at his side right now, she probably wasn't up to meeting a whole load of new people.

There would be time to meet his friends later.

He hoped.

He could picture Dani in L.A. She'd cause quite a stir, with her I-don't-give-a-fuck attitude.

So he curbed his impatience, returned to his friends, and tried to give the impression he was pleased to see them when in fact he wanted to toss them all out into the night and go find Dani.

His housekeeper had left a buffet meal, and they'd all eaten his food. Then he'd kept the drinks flowing in the hope that they'd all get plastered enough and wouldn't notice when he slipped away.

"So, tell me about Dani," Julian said.

"No."

"Come on, Zach, I've been talking to you for the last half hour about a multi-million-dollar film deal, and you haven't taken a word in. I thought I might try changing the subject."

Zach peered at his empty glass, crossed the room, filled it up from the bottle of red on the side, filled up Julian's without asking, and took a sip.

"Dani?" Julian prompted.

"Who's Dani?" Celine asked, coming up to join them.

"Zach's new little friend."

Zach almost smiled at the "little." She would hate that.

Celine pouted. "Well, we've all been there, darling. Good luck to her."

Zach glanced around the room and realized with a flicker of horror that he had indeed slept with all three of the women at some point or another. Thankfully, quite a while ago, but all the same-what did that say about him? He was a total whore!

Celine was a blond, Marie a redhead, and Theresa a brunette. All were beautiful. He couldn't help but wonder if Julian had specifically picked them to give him a choice of colors. Christ, did his friend really consider him that shallow?

And he didn't want Dani in the same grouping. "Dani's different," he said, and then wished he hadn't, as the whole room focused on his words.

"How different?"

"And who is she?" Celine said. "Julian told us you were out here with nothing but a couple of burly bodyguards and needed cheering up."

"Actually, Jake called me before his wedding, suggested we might visit."

Trust Jake. He must have called Julian after he'd suggested Zach invite people over. Before Jake had decided he could be trusted with Dani.

Now what? They were all watching him with eager expressions. "Dani is one of my bodyguards."

Julian raised an eyebrow. "She looked a little...small."

"She's a dog-handler. She comes with two extremely large Dobermans."

"Really. And...?"

"And what?"

"Come on, Zach. Humor us."

What could he say about Dani? He didn't want to talk about her. He wanted to talk to her. "Dani is a sergeant in the army. She was wounded fighting for her country, and today she put her own life at risk to save a little girl who was drowning."

They all stared at him as though he'd sprouted an extra head.

"So I'm guessing she's not after a part in your next movie then," Celine drawled.

He grinned. Celine had always been upfront about what she wanted-he actually liked her for it. "No, she's not after a part in a movie."

"And where is this paragon of virtue?"

He frowned. "I don't know."

"But I'm guessing from the expression on your face and the way you keep glancing at the door that you'd like to find out."

"Yeah."

"Go, then. We'll entertain ourselves."

Night had fallen, but the moon had not yet risen as he left the house. The dogs ran up to him out of the shadows, but sniffed him once and then bounded away. Skip wasn't with them, so he guessed Dani wasn't out here.

Perhaps he should have warned his guests to stay inside, but the dogs wouldn't harm them, just maybe scare them a little. And he presumed Simon must have said something when he let them in.

He could hear murmured conversation from the guesthouse but didn't recognize Dani's voice. He found Gary and Simon sitting across from each other playing cards. Dani was curled up in the corner of the sofa, legs tucked under her, head resting on a cushion, Skip on her lap. She was fast asleep.

A wave of tenderness washed over him.

"She's wrecked," Gary said. "Today took it out of her."

Zach knew he was referring to the talk afterward rather than the life-saving. He didn't want to wake her; she looked too comfortable. Instead, he sank down on the sofa beside her and picked up what he presumed was her half-empty beer bottle, took a gulp.

She turned in her sleep and snuggled up to him.

"You want to play?" Gary asked and held up the deck.

"Why not?"

An hour and two beers later, Dani lifted her head from his lap and blinked sleepily. "Did I miss something?" she asked, rubbing her eyes.

"Nothing important," Gary said. "Just Simon and me beating the shit out of your boyfriend."

Zach didn't think anyone had referred to him as a "boyfriend" in too many years to remember. He quite liked it, especially coming from Dani's friends. He stood up and stretched. "Come on, I'll take you to bed." He didn't wait for her to get up, just scooped her from the sofa and held her against his chest.

"Night, guys."

He carried her across the lawn to the house. She was so small it was hardly any effort. As he crossed the hall, the lounge door opened and Julian popped his head out. "You found her."

Dani hid her face against his chest and pretended to be asleep.

"Everyone else has gone to bed," Julian added.

"Good. Sorry I haven't been a better host."

"No worries. It's been...interesting."

Zach decided not to ask for more details. Instead he headed up the stairs, pushing his door open with his hip and gently lowering her to the bed.

"I know you're not asleep," he murmured.

"I am nearly." She sounded grumpy, and he smiled. She peeked at him from beneath her lashes. "I promise I'll be friendly tomorrow."

"You don't have to if you don't want. Just be yourself."

A weak smile curved her lips. "They'd probably run away screaming."

"They're tougher than they look."

But she was already asleep.

He stripped off his clothes and lay down next to her. He didn't bother trying to remove her robe; he didn't want to wake her again. He lay on his side and watched her sleep. Her skin was no longer pale, but golden, and the freckles had multiplied until he could spend all night counting them. Her lashes were dark red, tipped with gold from the sun, and her lips were slightly parted. He lowered his head and kissed her gently then gathered her in his arms and slept.

A scream tore him awake. Panic gripped him. He bolted upright and reached for the lamp by the bed.

Chapter Fifteen

"Dani?"

Even as Zach spoke, he realized that she was still asleep and deep in some nightmare. Her brother? The explosion?

Should he wake her? She opened her mouth in a soundless scream, and he made his decision, reaching out and shaking her shoulder. "Dani, wake up."

For a few seconds, she didn't respond and he shook her again, harder this time, needing to get her out of whatever hell she was trapped in.

Finally, her lashes flickered open and she blinked up at him, her eyes dark and watchful.

"You're all right. You were dreaming," he murmured.

She pulled herself up so she was leaning against the headboard, then ran a hand through her hair with fingers that trembled. A pulse beat in her throat.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

She nodded, but he could see she was shaken. "I was dreaming about the explosion. That moment when the dog whined, and I knew there was something wrong, but I couldn't move, I couldn't get away, like I was locked in place."

"It's past. Gone. You're safe."

"I haven't dreamed since I've been here. I thought it was finished, that I was over it. That I was all right now."

"You are all right. You're perfect."

She swallowed. "I'm not perfect. I was never perfect, and now I'm totally screwed up."

He wanted to tell her he would keep her safe. But how could anyone keep her safe if she decided to go back to her old life? He shuddered at the thought. And even if she took up this new life, he would never be sure that she wasn't in harm's way. How could he stand the thought that she was putting her life on the line for some other asshole?

It was bad enough when it was him. At least he could keep her close, look out for her, even if she hated it. But what happened after?

"You know, you could always not go back to the army," he said slowly.

She'd been sitting, arms wrapped around her knees, the sheet tucked in against her breasts, staring out of the darkened window. Now she turned her head to study him. He wished he knew what she was looking for. "It's my life."

"But it doesn't have to be."

"I've got nowhere else to go." She shook her head. "Jeez, I sound so goddamn pathetic."

"You're not pathetic, and you're not alone. You have friends. You could do anything, go anywhere." He wanted to mention L.A. again but couldn't bring himself to in case she rejected the idea totally. "Maybe you could work with animals-you're good with animals. You don't have to go back."

"What if I want to go back?"

"How can you?"

"Because I'm good at it. I'm needed. I do something useful. I belong."

"Hey, maybe I need you."

She stared him in the face, and he had no clue what she was thinking. "Yes, but for how long?"

He felt the first stirrings of anger. He didn't know how long. How could he promise forever when who knew what could happen, how he would feel tomorrow or the next day? How she would feel. In her own way, she was penning him in. Wanting promises.

"Maybe I can come and visit when I'm on leave?" she said, her tone diffident.

Perhaps it was time to get this out in the open. "I don't want you going back."

Her expression tightened. "And what do you want?"

"I don't know."

"Exactly, and that's the way you like it. Remember? You don't make plans, and you don't do commitment."

He wanted to argue that he could change. And for the first time in his life, he wanted to change. Wanted to be the sort of person Dani would be happy to spend her life with. Not some emotional cripple who couldn't give her what she needed. But he wasn't sure. And he needed to be one hundred percent. He couldn't bear to be the next person to let her down.

She cast him a weak smile as if she knew what he was thinking, and a wave of guilt washed through him.

"Look," she said. "We agreed that we would be together until the situation changed for either of us. Can't we just enjoy the time we have left?"

She pushed the sheet down, baring her breasts, then crawled across the bed toward him. Cupping his face in her palms, she kissed him, her small tongue thrusting into his mouth.

He was hard from the moment her lips touched his. Now, he grabbed a condom from the table by the bed, tore it open with his teeth, and rolled it on. He shifted her so she lay beneath him, kicked the tangled sheet out of the way, and pushed deep inside her. It felt like coming home.

At least he could give her this-a temporary oblivion. Her inner muscles gripped him tight in the slippery heat of her, while her legs wrapped around him and she held him with a grip bordering on desperation.

He made love to her slowly, building the pleasure then holding her teetering on the edge, determined that she would forget everything but the feel of him inside her. But as they finally both found their release, the thought crashed through his mind-time was running out.

...

Dani was alone when she awoke the following morning, though the scent of him still lingered on the pillow. From the brightness of the light filling the room, it was quite late in the day. But then she hadn't slept much the previous night.

Zach had made love to her for hours. Each time she'd thought she couldn't take any more pleasure, he had proven her wrong.

And each time had felt as though it might be the last.

She showered and dressed in shorts and a T-shirt, dragged a brush through her hair and pulled it into a ponytail. She grimaced at her expression in the mirror. She couldn't compete with those other women, so what was the point in trying? Shoving her feet into flip-flops, she was as ready as she was ever going to be.

Zach would just have to like it or leave it. But she suspected he liked it. For now at least. The thought brought a smile to her face-she wasn't going to worry about the future.

She was coming down the stairs when the door to the lounge opened and Zach's agent stepped out. He glanced up and smiled.

"We were waiting for you," he said.

She chewed on her lip as she descended the rest of the way. "You were?"

And who exactly did "we" involve?

"Yes. We're leaving this morning but didn't want to go without saying good-bye." He gave her a wicked grin. "That's not actually true. The girls wanted to get a look at you."

"They did? Not much to look at."

"I wouldn't say that."

She nibbled her lower lip. "Why are you leaving? I got the impression you were staying a few days at least."

"We decided that we would go take a look down the coast instead. Leave you and Zach to...do whatever it is you do together."

"There's no need to go on my account," she muttered.

"But there is on mine." Zach emerged from the room behind Julian. "Don't try and dissuade them now." He leaned across and kissed her lingeringly on the mouth. She glanced up and caught Julian's look of speculation but ignored it.

"Come and get some breakfast," Zach said. "And meet the gang."

The gang consisted of three women-a blonde, a redhead, and a brunette. Celine, Marie, and Theresa. Plus a young man introduced as Paul, Julian's assistant. The women she gathered were all actresses but actually seemed friendly, not at all what she'd been expecting.

"You okay?" Zach asked, pouring her a cup of coffee. "You don't have to answer their questions, you know. Tell them to mind their own business."

"I don't mind. They're bound to be curious."

"They're nosy cows, but don't say anything you don't mind being bandied around Hollywood."

"I somehow doubt it will get back to me, so I'm not too bothered."

"Zach," Julian said, breaking into their conversation. "Before we go, could I have ten minutes of your valuable time? I really do want to go over the details of that deal with you."

Zach quirked a brow in her direction.

"I'm okay," she said. "Go ahead."

He glanced from her to the three women and gave a small frown. Why did she get the impression that he was more worried about what she would hear than what she might say? That piqued her interest and she smiled and waved him off. "I'll be fine with your friends. Go."

"So why are you leaving?" she asked as the door closed behind the two men. "There's no need. Not on my account, anyway."

"There isn't a lot of point in us staying," Celine said. "We came to cheer Zach up and we're not needed."

"Cheer him up?" Did she want to know what that involved? Maybe she should shoot somebody after all. "All of you?" At the same time? she wanted to ask but couldn't get up the nerve.

She looked at the three beautiful women across the table then down at her scrawny self in shorts and a T-shirt. But he had spent the night with her last night. He'd had these women, and he'd come looking for her. She didn't have much of a memory of the early part of last night. She'd been playing cards with Gary and Simon and she'd fallen asleep. She could vaguely remember Zach carrying her back to the main house but then nothing until she'd woken from the nightmare.

"Don't worry," Marie said with a smile. "Zach's pretty monogamous most of the time, but he does...did like variety. And Julian said he was down and pissed off, and he's a friend. We thought maybe..."

"Anyway," Theresa continued. "That's obviously not going to happen, and we don't want to get in the way. So we're heading off down the coast for a few days at Julian's expense."

"Oh. Well, I hope you have a good time."

"We will. And you, too, honey. Look after Zach for us."

"And maybe give him a bit of a hard time."

"I don't think I-"

"Honey, I reckon you can do just about anything. Zach's different with you. You should have heard him defend you last night. Made you out to be this super-soldier, savior-of-the-world type." Marie cast her small figure an amused glance.

"I'm tougher than I look," she muttered.

"Of course you are. Zach said you were injured-are you okay now?"

To her own surprise, she stood up, stepped back, and rolled up the cuff of her shorts to show the intricate scar twining around her thigh.

"Ouch, that must have hurt," Celine murmured.

But Dani could see no pity in their eyes. "Not so much at the time. The blast knocked me unconscious, and I was pumped full of meds by the time I awoke."

"Anyway, I bet it didn't hurt as much as lypo," Marie injected.

Celine grinned. "Nothing hurts like lypo."

"You mean that thing where they suck fat out of you?" Dani stared at them in amazement. None of them looked like they had an ounce of extra fat to suck out. Had it all been sucked? Ugh.

"Hey," Celine said. "You don't think any of us actually started out like this, do you?"

"You didn't?"

"Let me tell you, looking like this is a lot of hard work and a lot of pain."

They were deep in a conversation regarding the vast number of "procedures" each of the women had been through when Zach and Julian returned.

"Okay, ladies, let's be on our way and leave our little lovebirds to enjoy their nest alone." Julian came up to her and held out his hand. "I hope you'll have lunch with me when you visit L.A." He squeezed her fingers and then bent down and kissed her lightly on the cheek.

Dani thought about saying that was extremely unlikely but kept her mouth shut. They walked their guests out of the house and watched as they drove away, the gates closing behind them.

"Are you aware that they all came here with the intention of sleeping with you? I mean all of them, as in together."

"Really?" He grinned. "Call them back."

She punched him on the arm. "So what do you want to do today? Anything else 'normal' you want to get out of your system?"

"No. Yesterday was enough. Today, I just want to spend with you." And he scooped her into his arms and headed up the stairs.

Chapter Sixteen

"You can get dressed now," the doctor said and disappeared around the curtain.

"Yes, sir."

Dani stripped off the cotton robe and pulled on her clothes. She felt like she'd been prodded and poked for hours. And she supposed she had. The physical had been thorough, but she was pretty sure it had gone well, so where was the euphoric feeling of success that should be overtaking her right now?

She headed out around the cubicle and hovered for a moment. Was that it? She stood to attention and waited to be dismissed. Instead, the doctor waved her to the seat in front of his desk.

"Well, as far as I can see, you're one hundred percent fit for duty, Sergeant."

"I am?"

"I'll file the report and you should get the confirmation any day." He glanced down and read the notes. "You're due for reenlistment?"

"Yes, sir."

"And I take it you're going ahead?"

For a moment, she hesitated. "Yes, sir." But the words had to be forced past her lips as though by saying them she had gone beyond the point of no return. This was what she wanted. Wasn't it?

She was still pondering the question as she boarded the train back to London. She'd left Zach at the hotel. He was being good and keeping a low profile. While Jess had given him the all-clear to attend the awards ceremony tomorrow night, she'd also suggested that he stay in the hotel and not show his face around town. Though it seemed a little strange to her-tomorrow night's ceremony was being televised and he'd be plastered all over the media. Hardly low-profile.

He'd actually wanted to come with her this morning.

"I'm going to a goddamn army physical, Zach. To see if I'm fit to return to duty. What do you think it would say if I turned up with you holding my goddamn hand?"

Maybe the trip had been a mistake. Maybe they should have come separately because they were getting testy with each other.

She felt irritable. On edge. Scared. Miserable.

Staring out the window at the green landscape filtered through a mist of constant rain, she had a longing to be back in the arid sunshine of Spain. Well, maybe once she reenlisted she would be back in the heat. Just not Spain.

And she'd never see Zach again.

Pain twisted in her gut. All this talk about visiting L.A. was nothing but talk. She knew in her heart it would never happen. She was a novelty, that was all, and once he was back in his own world and she was in hers, he would forget her. Oh, they'd no doubt be "friends" and he'd maybe even send her a Christmas card and include a photo of Skip. Would he buy Skip a diamond collar so he'd fit in with the pampered pooches in L.A.?

God, she was a miserable bitch.

As of today, she had everything she'd been terrified would be taken from her. She could reenlist, go back to doing something useful with her life.

And even if she stayed, chances were, Zach would move on. He'd not promised her anything. And sooner or later, he'd see through her. See her as she really was. And that would be even worse. She'd be left with nothing.

Stop thinking about it.

But she'd shut out her worries of the future for too long. She'd only managed it because she'd spent every moment with Zach and he had a way of filling her mind and body that pushed everything else away. Now they poured in on her.

She needed him to hold her, make love to her so she could forget for a little while longer. But when she arrived back at the hotel, it was to find two men standing on either side of his hotel door. So far, the security had been pretty much invisible. She vaguely recognized them as Jake's people, but she didn't know their names. They let her through once she'd shown her ID.

"How did it go?" Zach asked as she came through the door.

"Well. I have to wait for the official all-clear, but it went well."

He nodded, but she couldn't tell whether he was happy or sad at the news. He pulled on his jacket. "I was waiting for you to come back. I have to go to a meeting with Jake."

"They've found something?"

"Maybe."

She didn't want to be alone right now. "I could come."

But he shook his head. "I don't think so, sweetheart. He's sent a couple of guys to babysit me. Why don't you relax for the afternoon, and we'll spend the evening together."

Her eyes narrowed. "Like a good girl," she muttered. He hadn't actually said the words but she could almost hear them.

But before she could say anything else, he gave her a swift kiss on the lips and headed for the door. "I missed you."

She plunked herself down on the sofa and stared at the closed door. The idea of spending the afternoon cooped up in a hotel room-however luxurious-was really not an option.

She jumped up and paced the room a couple of times, pulled her ponytail free and ran her hands through her hair, pressing her scalp as though she could somehow force out the answers. She'd never been one to avoid uncomfortable truths. Now she needed to face her fears head-on and find a way through.

Why couldn't she just be happy she was getting her life back?

Actually, that was an easy one.

Because getting her old life back meant losing her new one. Losing Zach. And at the thought, her heart tripped a beat then slowed to a dull thud she could actually hear.

Oh God. She loved him. Really loved him.

So much for "just" sex.

Had she ever really believed that she could give herself to a man so completely and keep her heart free?

Yes.

He had crept up on her, until he was twined around her heart.

Like fucking barbed wire. And it hurt.

All she knew of love was pain and loss. Why would this be any different?

An image of Sam flashed in her mind. Sam giggling, smiling, always happy. Then afterward, her mother's accusing stare. Her father's expression, blank as though he saw right through her. As if she wasn't even there.

But for a moment, instead of pain, she felt a surge of all-consuming anger.

She'd been a child. They should have kept her safe, loved her unconditionally. Accepted her faults. That's what they'd promised to do. She had an urge to stand before her father. Yell at him that she was sorry about Sam, but she was still alive. Maybe if she'd done that back then, she might have broken through to him. But she'd been too scared and too guilty.

She was going crazy in here alone.

Without giving herself time to think, she picked up the phone and punched in Jess's number. "Are you home?"

"No, I'm in a meeting with Jake and your boyfriend."

A shaft of jealousy shot through her. Zach hadn't wanted her there, but Jess was obviously needed. "Damn. Okay. I'll see you whenever."

"If it's important, I can come over."

"No. I'm just going stir-crazy. I'll go out, do some tourist stuff. Or see a movie."

In the end, she wandered the streets of London, taking little in but not thinking, either. As it got dark, she went back to the hotel, found Zach, waiting impatiently for her.

They spent the night making love with an edge of desperation that only scared her more.

Chapter Seventeen

The following morning, Zach disappeared again. He had meetings, but Dani couldn't shake the feeling he was deliberately distancing himself. The hotel room felt like a cage and she headed out and wandered the streets, watched a movie in the afternoon.

After tonight, they would have to make a decision. Or she would. But she couldn't focus on the idea of reenlisting. All she could think of was Zach and how different he'd been over the last couple of days. Was he trying to make things easy for her? So she could walk away with no regrets?

Or did he just believe the affair was over and this was how he always behaved?

It was early evening by the time she returned to the hotel, and she was sure Zach would be already gone. But the same two guys were standing outside the room. One of them waved her through without checking her ID this time. "Can you tell him that we needed to leave ten minutes ago?" he said as she passed.

She grinned, suddenly happy. "Will do."

When she opened the door, he was pulling on his jacket and she had a feeling of deja vu. "We've got to stop meeting like this," she said, then just stared at him. He'd always had a casual sort of elegance, with his designer stubble and overlong tousled hair. Now he looked...perfect. His hair had been cut so it lay smoothly against his head; he was freshly shaven and wore dark pants, a white shirt, and a dark red tie. Just staring at him made her heart ache. How could she resign herself to never seeing him again?

"Yeah. Where've you been?" He stopped putting on his jacket, tossed it on the chair instead, and came toward her, his gaze searching her face. "I missed you."

"I missed you, too, but I thought you were busy."

He halted only inches away, the expression in his eyes turning her insides molten, her breasts heavy, her nipples peaking, her sex hot, wet...

She swallowed. "They told me to tell you that you should have left ten minutes ago."

"Tough luck. Because right now I need to kiss you."

"You do?"

...

He'd dawdled as long as he could, hoping Dani would arrive back before he had to leave. The last couple of days had been hard; she'd seemed so distant. He knew it was mostly his fault, but he'd had to keep her out of this. Just a few more hours.

He'd spent the day with Jake and Jess going over and over what would happen that night. And while he wasn't really worried anything would go wrong, he needed to see Dani one more time.

Now she was here. So close.

He tried to work out what she was feeling, but she was giving nothing away and all he could think of now was tasting her, holding her.

He lowered his mouth to hers, captured her lips. She opened to him and he pushed his tongue inside. She kissed him as though she'd missed him as well, her tongue stroking his, her hands gripping his shoulders so her nails dug in through the thin silk of his shirt.

Breaking the kiss, he slid his hands to her hips, then around to cup her ass and pick her up. She wrapped her legs around his waist, and he carried her into the bedroom, then turned around, kicked the door closed. He made a detour to the table by the bed, grabbed a condom and then backed her up against the smooth wall. Her sex pressed against his erection, and he needed her naked against him. He needed to be inside her.

He held her against the wall with his body while his hands shifted between them and tugged her shirt out of her pants. He ripped it down the front, buttons flying across the room, and lowered his head to nuzzle her breasts through the white cotton. His teeth nipped at her nipples while his fingers worked the fastener at her waist. He lowered the zipper and shoved her pants and panties down over her hips. She wriggled free of them, her breathing suddenly labored and the air scented with her arousal. He slipped his hand between her thighs, found her slick and hot and ready for him. As he pushed a finger inside, a whimper escaped her throat and his shaft pulsed with need.

He unfastened his own pants, pulled his aching cock free. "Put this on," he muttered, handing her the condom, then sucking in his breath as she rolled it down over his aching cock.

Sliding his hands around her ass again, he lifted her up. She squirmed against him until the tip of his erection nudged against the core of her. He backed up a little so the wall behind her supported her weight and then shoved into her hard.

As her inner muscles locked around his cock, something unraveled inside him, and he knew he couldn't let her go. His lips played over her face and breasts as he pushed inside her as far as he could, then began to move.

He shifted her so each thrust ground against her sensitive core. Her head was back now and he bit the point where her neck met her throat. She was so close. Digging his fingers into the soft flesh on the globes of her ass, he rotated her hips as he pushed deeper, feeling the tug of her inner muscles as she hovered on the edge. He rocked her against his hips and took her mouth in a deep kiss to swallow the scream. Pleasure rippled through him, tightening his balls, pulling at his spine. As she went limp in his arms he released the last of his control and spilled himself inside her.

He stood breathing hard, his forehead resting against hers.

"I love you," he murmured and knew it was true. Whatever else happened between them, he needed her to know. "Whatever you decide, whatever you plan to do with the rest of your life, I'll support you. Just make sure there's a corner for me."

Her eyes had drifted closed, but now she blinked, her expression dazed.

"Don't answer now," he said quickly. He didn't want her to say anything on the spur of the moment. Anything that might make him regret his proclamation. He'd never in his whole life told a woman he loved her. Now he had the urge to run.

Yeah, he was scared.

As he pulled free of her, a residual ripple of pleasure shuddered down his spine. He picked her up and carried her to the bed, lowering her gently to the mattress. At that moment, he heard a knocking from the outer door. His babysitters getting impatient.

"I have to go." In the bathroom, he cleaned himself up, staring at himself in the mirror. Why didn't he look any different, when his whole world had shifted? He waited for the trapped sensation to swallow him, but instead he felt as though he hovered at the edge of an adventure. He ran a hand through his hair, straightened his tie, fiddled some more-he really did have to go. But he was reluctant to leave her. Maybe he should have taken her to the ceremony-if she would have come-but it was too late now.

If things didn't go well tonight, she was going to be totally pissed at him. Even if everything did go well she was still likely to be pissed, but he reckoned he could persuade her it was for the best.

Until he truly eliminated this threat from his life, how could he think about the future? Their future.

This was all or nothing.

When he stepped out of the bathroom, Dani was sitting up in bed fiddling with the one remaining button on her shirt.

She glanced up from her preoccupation and caught his gaze. He had no clue what she was thinking; he'd never met anyone so good at concealing her emotions.

"I-"

Zach held up a hand. "Later. Why don't you order room service and take a nap? You look exhausted." He leaned down and kissed her on the forehead. "We'll talk when I get back."

She pursed her lips, but then gave a quick nod. "Don't be late."

"I won't." He hoped. He cast her one last glance as he left the room then headed out, grabbing his jacket from the chair on the way past. His two bodyguards were leaning against the wall in the corridor looking extremely pissed off.

He smiled. "Let's get this show over with."

...

As the door closed behind him, Dani curled up on her side and pressed her face into the pillow.

Zach loved her?

What did that mean? And did she want him to love her? Did she want anyone to love her?

Everybody she had loved had died or left her.

But maybe just because her family hadn't loved her enough, that didn't mean that nobody could.

Zach wanted her to make room for him in her life. Was he talking...commitment?

She remembered how she'd felt when she'd contemplated never seeing him again. Never touching him.

She'd never really considered there was an alternative.

Zach didn't do commitment.

But people could change.

She had changed so much in the last few weeks, she hardly recognized herself. Even before he'd said the words, Zach had given her confidence, showed that he cared for her as a person, even if she'd believed it was only temporary. And she had other people who loved her. She'd never thought of it in those terms before, but she knew Jess and Kim cared for her deeply.

She wasn't alone.

She pulled herself up and picked up the phone by the bed, ordered a pizza and beer from room service. She was going to have a long hot bath, eat a meal, but she wasn't going to sleep.

Excitement bubbled up inside her. She would watch Zach on TV, watch him get his award. Then she would wait for him to come back and she would take an enormous dive into the unknown.

Tell him she loved him, too.

And she would see where they would go from there.

...

Two hours later, she settled back on the sofa, switched on the TV, then found the right channel. The coverage was just starting and she searched for a familiar face.

He hadn't said if he was going with anyone and she hadn't asked. Of course, she'd wondered why he didn't ask her, but maybe it was a security thing.

Either that or he knew she wouldn't fit into his glamorous world.

Now watching all the beautiful people, she asked herself, could she ever be a part of his life? It was a new thought, because she'd avoided thinking about the future, so it hadn't entered her mind.

The idea terrified her way more than the thought of going on patrol in Afghanistan. She'd have to make it clear-whatever their future-that she wasn't going to do the party thing. Or the dress thing. It just wasn't her, not in a million years.

Maybe they could have clandestine meetings.

She finally caught sight of Zach heading to his seat, and she feasted her eyes on him. Hard to believe only a few hours ago he'd had her pinned up against the bedroom wall with his cock deep inside her. Hard to believe this perfect man had told her he loved her.

Then she looked past him and saw that he wasn't alone.

She didn't want to look, didn't want to see what sort of woman Zach would deem suitable to take to an occasion like this. The woman was tall-that much she saw from first glance. Then the camera honed in on her.

Dani put her beer down slowly.

Gritting her teeth, she tried to pull her thoughts together.

What the fuck was going on?

What the hell was her best friend, Jess, doing with Zach?

Had they decided at the wedding that they liked each other? They'd wanted to get together but didn't want to hurt her? Jess had discouraged her from suggesting she go to the party. Was that because Zach had already asked Jess?

For a moment, faintness washed through her. Suddenly lightheaded, she sat back against the cushions as the thoughts tumbled through her mind. Nausea churned in her stomach and rose up in her throat.

The camera was back on Zach. She closed her eyes and heard his words...I love you...and knew she was being a total ass.

She'd taken one look at Jess, and all her myriad of insecurities had risen straight to the forefront of her brain. Yes, Jess was beautiful, and in her long black gown, her blond hair piled on her head showing the perfection of her face, her cool beauty, she fit into Zach's world in a way that Dani never would.

But that wasn't what this was about.

Watching the two of them, Dani could see that Jess was sticking close to Zach, but she was also watching her surroundings, taking everything in, her gaze searching the room, never stopping.

She was on goddamn duty.

She was guarding him.

Obviously, Zach didn't think Dani was good enough to keep him safe, but it was okay for Jess to do so.

Why the hell had he agreed to go to the stupid ceremony if there was a risk involved?

Then she remembered something else he had said. That hopefully his "problem" would be over soon. Had he done this on purpose? Jake wouldn't have let him put himself in danger, would he? Zach had told her that Jess had cleared the ceremony as safe. And she hadn't taken too much notice, too wrapped up in her own problems and sour grapes because she hadn't been asked to go.

Now she was pretty sure she knew why.

Because Zach didn't want her there.

She grabbed her cell phone from the table and stabbed in Jake's number. It rang ten times, until she was sure he wasn't going to answer. "Pick up, goddamn you."

At last he did. "This isn't a good time, Dani."

"And why is that? Are you too busy waiting for someone to shoot Zach?"

He was silent, then gave an audible sigh. "We really don't think it will come to that, but in essence-yes."

"I'm coming over."

"Stay away, Dani. He doesn't want you here." He sighed again. "I know how you feel, but believe me, you'll be a distraction and we don't need that right now."

She trusted Jake. He was the best at what he did. But it was hard to control things in such a public scenario. "Just tell me that you have everything covered."

"We have everything covered. We're not going to allow anything to happen in this situation. We know who they are and we have people watching. They'll be picked up as soon as they make a move."

"He's acting as bait, isn't he? He's drawing them out?"

"Yes."

She slammed the coffee table with her clenched fist, then jumped to her feet and paced the room, the phone gripped tight in her hand. "How could you let him?"

"It wasn't my choice to make." Jake's tone was harsh. "Zach pointed out, quite realistically, that if he spent his life locked away in Spain, then this would never be over."

"But he would have been safe."

"He's not the sort of man who puts safety high on his priorities. He'd hardly be seeing you if he did," he added drily. "Look, Dani, I'd be the same with Kim. Just let him do this and kick his ass later."

She bit her lip hard to stop the words pouring out, then gave a quick nod before realizing he wouldn't see it. "Okay. But he's not the only one who'll be getting his ass kicked when this is over."

"I'm sure he isn't."

"Send him back to me in one piece. And call me when it's finished."

"I will."

She put the phone down, sank onto the sofa, and bent her head to her knees while the anger oozed out of her, leaving her shaky and weak. The TV was still on but the camera had moved away from Zach and Jess and was concentrating on the stage.

The nausea was back and she wobbled to her feet and just made it to the bathroom before she lost her pizza. It occurred to her that if Zach did love her, then this was how he would feel every day if she went back into the army.

How could she do that to anyone?

All soldiers' partners went through it, but she had done her bit. She'd given ten years of her life, and maybe now it was time to stand down and see what else she could do.

She watched the rest of the program, saw Zach come up on the stage and accept his award, tried to make sense of his speech, but the words all jumbled in her head. She felt sick, afraid, still angry with him for excluding her. This was the one thing she was good at.

Finally, it was over. She hunched on the sofa waiting for Jake to call. Or Zach to call. For anyone to call and tell her he was safe.

The TV still flickered but she stared vacantly, her mind on hold as she waited. A picture of Zach came up on the screen and she became instantly alert.

Breaking news. Writer Zachary Hunter has been shot while leaving an award ceremony in the center of London. He has been taken to hospital, but at this time, his condition is unknown. Though eye witnesses state he was shot in the arm and chest.

Dani stared at the screen, waiting for someone to come on and say it was all a mistake. But she knew it wasn't a mistake.

She'd thought he would walk away. She'd never considered-even with the death threats hanging over his head-that he would be taken from her. But that could happen so easily. Like Sam. One minute so full of life and the next...

Zach couldn't be dead.

She reached for her phone, her hand trembling, and punched in Jake's number, but it went straight to voicemail. She tried Zach's next and was unsurprised when she got no answer. Panic clawed at her. Where would they take him? Was he still alive? Her breaths were coming too fast and her heart was slamming, heat washing over her in waves.

It was happening again.

Losing someone she loved. She should never have allowed herself to feel. Now she was paying the price.

Calm down.

She pressed her fingers to her forehead and stared at her phone, her vision blurring. Jess. Jess had been there-she'd know. She was about to press the numbers when the phone rang. She jumped, almost dropping it, then pressed it to her ear.

"He's okay," Jake said.

Wild relief flooded her. She blinked back tears and swallowed. How could he be all right? "They said he'd been shot in the chest."

"He was wearing a vest. He's fine. A flesh wound in the arm and some bruising, that's all."

"Where is he?"

"Westminster hospital."

"I'll be there."

Dani put the phone down and sat for a few moments, willing her heart to slow, her breathing to calm. She couldn't do this. Wrapping her arms around her waist, she tried to control the shivers running through her.

Never again.

She didn't want to face losing someone else she loved. Better to walk away now. In time, she'd get over this.

She hadn't told him she loved him. Now she never would.

...

"Did you get ahold of her?" Zach asked as Jake entered the room. He flinched as the nurse swabbed his arm-whatever she was using stung like hell-then forced his attention back to Jake. Christ, he hoped Dani had taken his advice and slept through all this. But what were the chances?

"Yeah. She's on her way. Prepare yourself for five foot one of pissed-off woman."

"She's upset?"

"A little. I didn't tell you, but she called earlier. She saw you and Jess on the TV and put it together."

"Shit."

"Well, at least she didn't jump to the conclusion you were being unfaithful."

"She might have taken that better." His chest ached as if he'd been hit with a hammer, and his arm stung like fire. "Just tell me it worked. Tell me you caught the bastards." Then at least he could concentrate on Dani without looking over his shoulder every minute.

"Every last one of them. Jess is down at the station going through the details with the cops. But look on the bright side-they shot you. They're going to get sent away for a long time."

He sighed. Dani would come around. Against all the odds-he loved her. Instead of the usual stifling fear that normally assaulted him when he thought about long-term relationships, all he felt was a sense of anticipation. He wanted to show Dani everything. He was aware she didn't think much of his lifestyle, thought he was useless, but he'd show her different. And there were plenty of things she could do in L.A. Maybe she could start a rescue center for dogs like Skip. Or a training center where she could train the celebrities and their pampered pooches. He grinned at the thought of a few of his acquaintances being "trained" by Sergeant Danielle Sinclair.

He could make her happy. If she gave him the chance. He knew she loved him. While she'd never said the words, he'd seen it in her eyes when they'd made love that night.

"Get that grin off your face," Jake said.

"Hey, can I have a little sympathy here? I've been shot."

"It's a flesh wound. Don't be a baby."

Zach forced himself to peer down and examine the wound in his arm. It looked messy but shallow; the local anesthetic was starting to work and the pain was fading. The doctor arrived at that moment and Jake stepped back to allow him to work.

"You'll have a nice scar to impress all those ladies," Jake said.

"There's only one lady I want to impress."

"Really? It's serious between the two of you?"

"I love her."

Jake grinned. "Well, I'll be... I'm pleased. I think. Shocked but pleased." His phone rang and he picked up, listened, his expression blank, then he shoved the phone back in his pocket.

"What was that about?" Zach asked. He had a bad feeling about this.

Jake shook his head. "I'll be right back."

Zach watched him go, the door swinging shut behind him. He wanted to follow, but the doctor was bandaging his arm and he couldn't move. "Crap."

...

Dani glanced down at her hands. Her fingers were still shaking and she tightened them into a fist, not wanting Jake to see just how scared she was. "How could you let him do this?" she snarled as soon as the door shut behind him.

Jake cast her a glance and raised an eyebrow. "Actually, it wasn't my idea."

Dani ignored the comment. Jake was the security expert, so it didn't matter whose idea it was-he should have stopped it. "He could have been killed."

"He was wearing a vest."

"And what if they'd shot him in his thick head instead?"

"But they didn't," Jake pointed out mildly. "You can go in and see him. The doctor is just finishing up."

Dani pursed her lips, considering her next words. "I don't plan on seeing him." She dug a hand into her bag and pulled out the note she'd written in the taxi driving over here. The note she'd written when she realized she really couldn't see Zach again. What they needed was a clean break and both of them to admit that it was never going to work. Zach had shown that when he'd excluded her out of tonight's event, when he'd told her he loved her and then gone out and risked his life. Why torment herself further?

A shaft of pain stabbed her right through the heart, but she ignored the pain and slapped the paper into Jake's hand. "Give him this."

Dani blinked back the tears that threatened to spill over. She hadn't cried in years, and she had no intention of starting now. She had to stay strong a little while longer, then she could get to Jess's place, go hide in the spare room, and bawl her eyes out.

Jake was staring at her, his disapproval almost palpable as she picked up her case. He glared at the paper in his hand but made no move to head into Zach's room. Instead, he leaned against the wall in the corridor, his eyes narrowed on her. "You're leaving him?"

"I was never really with him, Jake. It was just sex."

"Don't be more stupid than you have to be. He loves you. He maybe should have told you about tonight, but get over it. It's done, and he's safe."

The tight grip of fear that had held her since the newsflash loosened its hold, and she almost sagged.

He was safe.

She hadn't really believed it until now. She'd thought Jake was hiding the truth, or he was dead or... Her mind had conjured up a whole load of horrible scenarios, each worse than the last.

Now the fear slid away.

Leaving her pissed. And that felt so much better.

She pursed her lips. "He loves me? So much that he keeps me out of the most important decision of his life?"

"He wanted you safe."

"Well, maybe I didn't want to be safe. Maybe I wanted to be there, so when some fuckwit of a terrorist shot him in the head, I could have held his hand, heard his last dying breaths. But no, it was okay for Jess to risk her life, but little old me had to be tucked away safe in the hotel room."

A look of relief passed over Jake's face, and his lips curled in a slow smile.

"What?" she snarled.

"I like you better when you're angry."

"Well, good. I always aim to please. Not. Tell me something."

"Yes?" He sounded wary now.

"Would you keep something like this from Kim?"

"If you'd asked me three months ago, I would have said yes. Now, she'd kill me, and I respect her too much to keep her in the dark."

She raised her brows, and he sighed. "You're right. He should have told you. Are you going in there?"

"No."

"Why not?"

"Because if I go in there now, I'll punch him in the nose and that's probably not a good thing when he's just been shot."

"And are you ever going back?"

"I'm reenlisting tomorrow." And she stalked away.

...

Zach held his breath as the door opened, then released it as Jake's tall figure filled the opening. "Where is she?"

"Gone."

At that moment, the doctor finished bandaging Zach's arm and moved away. "There. You'll be fine," he said. "I'll get a prescription for some painkillers, but otherwise you're good to go."

Zach waited until he'd left the room. "What the fuck does 'gone' mean?"

Jake strolled across the floor, his face expressionless, and handed Zach a crumpled piece of paper.

"What's this?"

"A note. From Dani."

Zach smoothed the note, his eyes narrowing as he read.

Zach,

I was happy tonight. I planned to tell you I loved you, that I'd be whatever you wanted me to be.

Then I heard you'd been shot.

I thought you were dead and everything flashed in front of me. Sam. My parents. I can't do that again. But more than that, I don't want to do that again.

Then I planned to lie and tell you that I didn't love you, but that's not true and not fair. So I love you, but really that's irrelevant. I think we both knew this was never going to work. We're too different, and we're both terrified of commitment, and when you get back to your real life, you'll realize this is for the best.

I'm reenlisting tomorrow.

Good-bye

Dani

He screwed the letter up and threw it against the wall.

Chapter Eighteen

The anger had drained away by the time she reached Jess's apartment.

Jess opened the door, took one look at her face, and said nothing, just dosed her with enough whiskey to knock out an elephant and tucked her up in bed. No doubt, her best friend was feeling guilty about her part in tonight's fiasco, but Dani felt too wrung out to even consider recriminations.

She spent the night wondering if Zach was hurting, interspersed with flashbacks of that moment when she'd realized he'd been shot. At one point, she leaped out of bed, raced for the bathroom, and threw up the whiskey. Then she huddled under the blankets, shivering and missing Zach's arms around her. They hadn't spent a night apart since Scotland.

Zach loved her. And she loved him. So much it hurt-even when she didn't think he was dying.

What the hell did she do now?

She'd never thought of herself as a coward, but fear was paralyzing her, freezing her brain. And she hated that.

Love had never worked out for her. She'd thought it was something lacking in her personality. Now she wasn't so sure. Maybe all those years ago, she'd been too young, and too damaged, to see things clearly.

Maybe it was time to face her demons.

She rose at first light, dressed, grabbed her case, and left the apartment before Jess was even awake.

By the time the train pulled into town, she was still undecided whether to phone first or to go straight to the house. In the end, she decided to head on over there. She could always call at the last minute if she lost her nerve.

Her dad was an accountant and the area she found herself in was affluent, solid middle class. That had been part of the trouble; Dani had come from a troubled background and hadn't really fit in with their ordered existence. She'd tried hard, though, and would have succeeded eventually, if tragedy hadn't struck and all their worlds fallen apart.

She'd dressed carefully. She didn't really possess anything fancy except for her dress uniform, but she wore the dark pants suit she'd bought when she'd taken on the bodyguard job-standard wear Jess had told her for more formal occasions-and teamed it with a plain white shirt.

She pushed open the gate and stepped into the garden-her dad had always loved gardening, but had let theirs go to ruin after...

Just do it.

Without giving herself any more time to think, she raised her hand and rang the bell, then instinctively took a step back, her gaze searching for somewhere to hide.

Oh God, she didn't want to do this.

Why the hell was she here?

The door opened and a strange woman stood there. Around her middle forties, still attractive, with warm blue eyes and honey blond hair, loose around her shoulders.

"Yes?"

Dani took a deep breath. "Is Mathew Sinclair here, please?"

A small frown formed between her brows. "And you are?"

Another deep breath. "I'm Dani. I'm..." What the hell did she say? Because she hadn't felt like his daughter in a long, long time.

"You're his daughter." The woman took a step toward her, one hand lifting to press against her chest. "Danielle?"

So she was at the right place. This woman obviously knew who she was.

"I'm Matt's wife. We married three years ago." She shook her head. "You must come in. Matt's... He's going to be..."

Thrilled? Annoyed? Upset that I've come back, no doubt reminding him of a part of his life best forgotten?

"You know who I am?" she asked.

"Of course. Matt doesn't talk about you much-guilt, I think-but there are photos and your hair hasn't changed." She stepped to the side and gestured for Dani to enter. "Give me a second, and I'll go warn him."

Dani stood staring around her. There were photos on the wall of children, but they looked too old to be her father's. The place was bright, charming, and spotlessly clean. She'd tried her best to make a home for him after her mom left, but she'd done a poor job and he hadn't really noticed anyway.

She chewed on her fingernails. It was probably only two minutes before the door opened, but it felt like much longer.

"Dani?"

He looked the same. Blond and blue eyed, like Sam had been. They'd so obviously been father and son. She'd been the misfit. But he seemed like a stranger. She didn't know what she'd expected, some sense of recognition perhaps. Instead, he stood awkwardly as though he wasn't sure what to do.

"Beth is making coffee," he said. "Or do you prefer tea?"

Or how about a really large scotch? But she kept the words inside and followed him into the sitting room. "Coffee is fine."

He sat down, and Dani perched on the edge of the seat opposite. His face held a shell-shocked expression, and she was pretty sure hers did as well.

"You remarried?" she said.

Talk about stating the obvious.

He cleared his throat. "Yes. Three years now. Beth has been good for me."

"I can tell, and I'm glad."

Beth appeared at that moment, carrying a tray, and the awkward silence was filled by the clatter of cups while she handed the coffee around, then took the seat next to Dani.

"I'm glad you came. I've been telling Matt for years he should get in touch with you."

Matt's gaze darted from her to his wife as though searching for an escape route.

"Don't worry. I understand," Dani replied.

"I don't," Beth said.

Dani swallowed, then studied her father. He glanced away, and she realized something then. Her father was a weak man.

"Sometimes things are just too painful to face," she said. "Sometimes it's better to forget."

"But you're here now."

"I needed...closure, I guess. I honestly thought I was over this"-she waved a hand toward her father-"and instead, really I just pushed it to the back of my mind."

"And what changed?" Beth asked when her father remained silent, sipping on his drink and staring at the floor, leaving the onus of the conversation to his wife.

"I was injured. In a bomb blast in Afghanistan, so I've been sort of on sick leave while I waited for a physical."

Her dad looked up from his contemplation of the carpet, and she could feel his eyes on her, checking her out, but it was Beth who answered, "You poor thing. Are you okay now?"

"Yes, I had the physical yesterday, and I'm fine. I can go back. But that's not it, really." She fiddled with her cup. "I met someone recently. I guess it made me realize how screwed up I am."

"You don't seem screwed up," Beth said.

"Thanks," Dani said dryly.

"So who is this someone?"

"His name's Zach. He's a writer."

Beth's smile widened. "You know your face softened when you thought about him. I'm guessing you like him a lot."

"Maybe. Maybe too much." She turned to her father. "Do you hear anything from Mom?"

"Nothing."

Short and sweet.

She sighed. He wasn't like a stranger. He was a stranger.

Beth made small talk after that, with Matt adding the odd comment when he was directly asked. Dani shifted in her seat. She wasn't uncomfortable; there were no bad feelings between them. Mainly because there was nothing between them at all. But she also realized that she didn't feel too bad about that. Maybe deep inside, she'd felt a lingering guilt that she hadn't tried harder. Now that dissipated, leaving a sense of lightness.

She was glad she'd come here. Glad she'd seen him. Now she wanted to go. She put her half-empty cup down on the table.

"So how long are you in town, Dani?" Beth asked brightly.

She'd made no plans, hadn't looked past this meeting. She needed time to process this, see where to go next. "I'm not sure. Probably just tonight."

"Do you want to stay here? Spend some time..."

Reminiscing about the old days...? She didn't think so.

"No, thank you. I've already booked a hotel." She rose to her feet, wiped her palms down her pants legs. "You're a nice lady," she said. "And Matt's a lucky man." She could have added that he didn't deserve her, but why be bitchy?

"Well, now you've broken the ice, keep in touch, won't you?"

Would she? She didn't know right now. But she nodded and headed out. To her surprise, Matt rose to his feet and followed her. At the front door, she stopped and turned to face him. He drew himself up. He was going to say something. Did she want to hear it?

"I never blamed you," he said. "I just didn't know how to cope. And I let you down."

"Yeah."

His eyes widened, and he jerked back a step. He obviously hadn't expected her to be so blunt.

"But it looks like we both came through okay," she added. "So don't worry about it."

Well, he'd come through okay. She was guessing once she'd been out of sight and in the army, he'd been able to start forgetting and build a new life. Good for him. She didn't resent it.

She just wasn't sure that she'd done as good a job.

On an impulse, she reached up on her tiptoes and kissed him on the cheek. "Be happy," she said and walked out.

Maybe she'd get a Christmas card this year.

As the door closed behind her, she glanced back once, then walked away. That part of her life was over, but it no longer had the power to hurt her and the feeling was liberating. Zach had given her that. If she had gone to visit her father before going to Spain and meeting Zach, the outcome of this meeting would have been totally different. She would have been devastated, broken all over again by her father's obvious lack of any real feeling for her.

Now she was free to move on. But to where?

On the way back to the hotel, she ducked into a liquor store and bought a half bottle of scotch. Once back in her room, she made a quick call to Jess-found out Zach was fine and he'd already left the country. She ended the conversation before Jess could ask anything personal, then switched off her phone and spent the evening getting drunk, watching crappy movies, and not thinking about anything.

She slept the night through and woke up in the morning, reaching for Zach.

...

"You're an ass. You know that, don't you?"

Dani rolled over on her lounger and squinted into the sunlight. Jess stood at the edge of the pool, staring down at her, lips tight with disapproval.

"Why?"

"Because we all presumed you'd gone to find Zach and instead you're lying around here looking absolutely"-she gave Dani a searching glance-"fantastic."

Dani glanced down at herself. She was wearing a bright pink bikini, which matched the pink sun lounger and clashed beautifully with her hair. Her tan was golden and the scar had faded. Her hair was piled on top of her head.

"Did you get your ears pierced?" Jess asked.

She nodded.

"I expected to find you wallowing in misery." Jess shook her head in obvious confusion. "I don't know what's going on."

She sounded so forlorn that Dani grinned. "Why don't you go put your bikini on and join me?" She patted the lounger next to hers. "There's room for two."

"I didn't bring a bikini. I wasn't expecting a goddamn vacation. I was on a rescue mission."

"Well, there are plenty in the pool house. Go pick one. I'll make a drink, and we can talk."

Jess opened her mouth, no doubt to argue, then she nodded abruptly, turned, and stalked away.

Dani got to her feet and headed into the house. In the kitchen, she made a jug of sangria, adding oranges and lemons and a sprig of mint and then stuck a paper umbrella in the top.

She'd been here for a week now, and in that time, she'd left her cell phone switched off, and she'd ignored the house phone when it rang at regular intervals.

She'd known when she woke up the morning after meeting her father that she would go after Zach. She wasn't a coward, after all. But she'd still been pissed off with him and needed to cool down before she forgave him totally. So she'd come back here to sort out flying Angel and Spike home to the U.K. and to pick up Skip. But the Dobermans were already on their way home-Gary had arranged it. And Skip was gone-whisked away to a life of luxury in L.A.

Part of her had hoped she would meet Zach here, but he'd come and gone. Jake had lent him the private plane, though Zach had stopped off on his way to the States, making a detour to pick up the little dog-Dani would have loved him for that alone if she hadn't already loved him.

In the end, she'd decided to stay here for a while. Give herself some time and space. Something she'd never had before.

Zach had apparently told Gary and Simon to make use of the villa if they wanted a vacation before heading back to the U.K., but they'd both wanted to get home. She'd asked them not to tell anyone where she was-and as they were both going on leave, she doubted anyone would ask.

It had seemed strange at first being alone-you didn't get much alone time in the army. But then she'd relaxed and started to enjoy her solitude. She was in no rush. Zach loved her.

Okay, maybe she was a bit of a coward. What if she really couldn't fit in to his lifestyle? What if she hated L.A.? What if she got bored with nothing to do?

So she'd pushed the worries aside and enjoyed the vacation. Eating pizza, drinking sangria and bottles of cava, the local champagne. Lazing in the hot sun.

Jess was waiting for her when she went back outside. In a white crocheted bikini, her blond hair pulled into a ponytail, she sat at the edge of the pool, her legs dangling in the water. Dani sat beside her and put the jug and glasses between them.

Jess took a sip of her drink and sighed. "It's nice here, isn't it?"

"It is. Maybe we should both stay here. Have a long vacation until Zach throws us out."

"I doubt he'll do that. He told Jake he loves you."

"He told me as well."

"And you love him, don't you?"

"Yeah."

"And you're going to tell him?"

"I already did. I left him a note, but I said it didn't matter. I was a little scared...and pissed off."

"For what it's worth, I told them it was a mistake not to tell you."

"Thanks." She didn't try to hide her sarcasm.

"Hey, it wasn't my call."

"You could still have told me."

"Yeah. Jake would have killed me, but I still should have told you. Sorry. That reminds me..."

Reaching behind her, she grabbed her bag and pulled out her cell phone. "Jake, I've found her." She raised her brows then handed the phone to Dani. She resisted the urge to ignore it and took the phone, raising it slowly to her ear.

"So have you punished everyone enough?"

"Hello, Jake, nice to hear from you."

"That's what this is about isn't it? You're getting a little revenge on us all for not telling you what was going on."

"Maybe," she said cautiously.

"Well, enough. I'm sick of Zach calling me up and whining in my ear. He's turning into a complete miserable bastard."

"Is he?"

"Don't sound so goddamn cheerful about it. Just get over there and sort him out."

She was smiling when she handed the phone back.

"So are you going?" Jess asked.

"I guess so. I'll book a flight."

"So why haven't you gone before?"

"Maybe Jake was right, and I did want to punish you all a little."

"Very childish."

She grinned. "Yeah. But I've enjoyed being here alone. I've had time to think. And I suppose I've been waiting for something to make me move. Once I'd accepted I was going to go see him, it was weird, like all the urgency oozed from me."

"You're scared."

"Hell, yes." But maybe it was time to haul her ass over there and face her greatest fear.

"He's probably scared as well," Jess said.

"Well, he likes being scared-so he should feel right at home."

Chapter Nineteen

The taxi dropped her off in front of a huge set of double gates.

"You want me to wait?" the driver asked as he handed her bag out of the back.

Did she?

Actually, she wanted him to take her back to the airport.

"No," she said.

She watched as the cab disappeared down the winding road. She was in the mountains here, the city spread out below her.

Taking a deep breath, she pressed her finger to the doorbell. Nothing happened. Maybe she should have had the taxi wait.

She pressed again and a second later, a woman's voice came over the speaker.

A woman?

Had he replaced her already? But the fear was fleeting. She didn't really believe that. She was probably a housekeeper or something.

"I'd like to see Zach, please."

"I'm afraid he's not here. Would you like to leave a message?"

Dani bit her lip. The woman probably thought she was some sort of celebrity groupie. Why hadn't she thought this through? She hadn't even gotten a number for him; she'd have to call Jess or Jake.

"Shit," she muttered, then realized the woman could probably hear her. "Sorry. Look, I'll come back-"

"Dani?" the woman cut her off. "Is that Dani?"

She didn't wait for a reply and the speaker went silent. Dani stared at it for a moment. Then the gates slowly slid open, revealing a wide driveway leading up to a rambling villa.

Dani stepped inside as the front door opened and a small white and ginger dog rushed out. She dropped her bag as Skip raced the distance between them and leaped into her arms, licking her face. She opened her eyes to see a woman approaching her-presumably the voice. In her fifties, but tall and slender, she widened her smile as Dani approached, Skip still in her arms. She put him down as she came to a halt.

"Dani?"

"You know me?"

"I recognized the accent. Then you swore and I was sure. Zach says you swear like a soldier."

"Probably because I was a soldier."

"Let's just say, I've heard a lot about you. A very lot." Then she took the last step, closing the space between them, and took Dani in a huge hug.

A nice welcome, but a little strange.

The woman must have sensed her confusion. "I'm Leona Hunter-Zach's mother."

"Oh."

"You must come in." She led the way into the house and through into a huge lounge area with crimson sofas.

Dani glanced around, then asked the question she was desperate to know. "Where's Zach?"

"He's gone to Spain to fetch you."

"Double shit."

...

The gates glided open and Zach drove through.

What a total fuck-up. He'd been to Spain and back in the space of twenty-four hours. He'd arrived just as his mother called and told him Dani was in L.A. And he'd turned around and got the first flight back.

He wanted Dani, and he wanted her now. And when he got her, he was going to spank her good and hard. He hoped his mother had tied her up or at the very least locked her in. He pulled up in front of the house and sat for a moment.

Did this mean she wanted him? That she'd forgiven him, was willing to give them a try?

What if she was just here to tell him she was going back to the army after all? He swallowed, wiped his palms down his pants leg. He'd never felt fear like this before, not climbing or skydiving or anything he could remember. He had a suspicion that living with Dani would not be boring.

He hoped he'd get a chance to find out.

But when he stepped inside, the house was silent. He peered into a couple of rooms, but nobody was around.

Finally, he opened the French doors, which led into the gardens and pool area. And a dog barked.

He'd found her.

She lay facedown on a large pink inflatable in the center of the pool. She wore a scarlet bikini and for a moment, his heart stopped beating. Without giving himself time to think, he stripped off his clothes and dived into the water.

He came up in front of the inflatable as Dani raised her head and smiled at him.

"You're here," he said.

"Your mother let me in."

Crap. He was naked. He'd forgotten all about his mother.

"She's not here," Dani said dryly.

"Thank God." He dragged the inflatable down until she slipped into the water and he could hold her at last. Wrapping her in his arms, he buried his face in the curve of her throat as her legs came around him.

"Tell me you're here to stay?"

"If you want me to."

"You know I do." He kissed her, as the fear and tension drained from him. Then he stripped off her bikini and lost himself in the feel and taste of her.

She cupped his face. "I love you," she murmured and he knew that he was really home.

Half an hour later, they lay side by side, floating on the water.

"This gives me a certain sense of deja vu," Dani said.

"You get that a lot. And why?"

"You were floating in the pool the first time I saw you, clutching a blonde." She raised herself up on her elbows and gave him a narrow-eyed stare. "I hope I'm not just one in a long line of women you float around with."

"You're the last," he said. "I'll never float around with anyone else again."

"Good."

He didn't want to spoil the mood, but he knew they needed to clear the air between them. "I'm sorry I didn't tell you about the setup. I was scared, but I didn't think you would be so..."

"Upset? I was scared as well, and I overreacted. I kept thinking that it was Sam all over again. That as soon as I let myself love someone, I was doomed."

"I should have expected that. You know, I can't promise you I'll be with you forever. But I'll never voluntarily leave."

"That's all anyone can ask for."

"And I'll give up all those scary things."

"You don't have to. Just be aware I'll be doing them with you."

An image of Dani leaping out of an airplane flashed across his mind. No way. "Then I'll definitely give them up. Besides, I have a suspicion that being married to you will be exciting enough."

Dani pushed herself up onto her elbows and stared into his face. "Married? You want us to get married?"

"Hell, yes. We owe it to Skip to give him a stable, loving home."

"Of course we do." She grinned. "Then you'd better ask me."

"Sergeant Danielle Sinclair, will you marry me? Will you let me love, honor, and...protect you for the rest of our lives?" He held his breath as he waited for her answer.

"Yes, sir."

