Chapter 1

Emma watched as the coffin was lowered into the ground, the feeling of freedom seeping into her bones with every turn of the crank. And she felt guilty. But she couldn't feel anything else for the man who had died. He'd killed any soft feelings she might have had for him over the last twenty five years.

The air was cold and the freezing mist that drizzled on the funeral attendees only made the whole burial ritual more uncomfortable. There weren't very many, Emma noted. Only a handful in fact. As she stole glances at the grave side mourners, she counted only about fifteen people. Almost all of them were employees of her father, the man who was now being lowered into the frozen, unforgiving ground. Appropriate, she thought since her father had been hard, cold and completely unforgiving of any transgression, no matter how small.

Emma knew that she should be feeling sorrow and grief for the man who had raised her but those emotions just wouldn't come. Hatred, anger, desperation and humiliation were the only feelings her father had engendered within her while he was alive. And now that he had passed away, the main emotion she was feeling was relief. And freedom. A small portion of her heart was even having that painful emotion; hope. It was small, tiny. But as she passed by the deep, heartless grave and tossed dirt onto the coffin, and as each person passed by and did the same, that small light of hope grew.

Was it possible that the life she'd lived with her father was finally over? Could she genuinely be free of his ridicule and harsh words?

Emma breathed in a lung full of the cold, wintery air, letting her body absorb the fact that her father was finally dead.

The possibilities for her future loomed up in her mind, crowding her imagination and jumbling that ray of hope into a larger light that was starting to fill her up. She tried to tamp it down, knowing that each time she'd started to feel hope in the past, it had been mercilessly killed by some sort of diabolical scheme of her father's.

It didn't matter that he was dead. The fear that somehow, some way, he would figure out how to destroy that tiny bit of hope was there in the back of her mind, pressuring her to release the kernel and give in to the depression and frustration that had been her life prior to his demise. The words he'd taunted her with over and over while he'd been alive came back to haunt her and if it weren't for her early childhood, she might start to believe them. She had to hang on though! She had to survive and thrive, just to spite that mean, vindictive man!

Her father had tormented her from the moment her mother had left them twenty years ago, leaving a grief-stricken Emma to deal with the harsh father that had driven her mother away with his cruel tirades and accusations. Emma remembered the screaming and the allegations but as a small child, she hadn't understood them. She'd only understood the fear that had her hiding under her blankets at night, covering her ears as the fights raged on after she'd been put to bed.

As an adult, she understood that her father had been insanely jealous of her beautiful mother, the red haired and intensely gorgeous Elizabeth, and his constant accusations of unfaithfulness had driven her away. But why had her mother left Emma? Of all the things that had hurt over the years, Emma knew that her mother's abandonment had been the most painful.

Her memories of her mother were bitter-sweet. She had soft hands, a ready laugh, twinkling eyes and continually smelled of flowers. In Emma's mind, her mother had always been incredibly gorgeous, with lots of hugs and kisses at the ready for any hurt feelings or bruised knees. Emma had been carefree during those days, knowing that her mother would always be there for her.

Not only did the five year old Emma lose her mother on that horrible day, but she'd also gained the continuous censure of her father. Once her mother had fled, Edward Mason the Third, Earl of Denton, had turned his anger and humiliating accusations onto his daughter who had turned out to be the spitting image of her mother, according to Edward Mason.

Oh, Emma knew that she wasn't the raving beauty her mother had been although she only had one, stolen picture to remember her by. After Emma's mother had left, Edward destroyed all the other pictures of her that had been in the house, including a portrait that had been specially commissioned after their wedding by a world famous painter.

Besides demoralizing and humiliating Emma on a continuous basis, Edward Mason had been a bitter, evil man who had made millions of pounds by cheating and stealing in his business dealings. Emma had overheard him on numerous occasions laughing in his study with one person or another about how he had cheated someone or lied to another in order to scrape another million pounds together. The first time she'd overhead his laughter she'd been horrified that he was so amoral. She'd been hiding from him that morning to avoid his wrath, which could be invoked for anything including a wisp of hair being out of place or her eyes looking happy.

When she'd started to understand how unethical he was with his business dealings, she'd shunned away from that information. Unfortunately, living in the same house with the man and hearing him brag about his felonious activities, it was hard to avoid seeing his truly black soul. It always amazed her that he'd never been caught. He'd been so blatant about his business dealings, she would have thought that eventually someone would have figured out what an awful person he'd been and not done business with him. She also didn't understand why the authorities had turned a blind eye to all of his tricks.

But in all the times she'd hidden away in a closet as a child or teenager, she never heard of anyone who had bested her father. He'd taken delight in bragging about his deeds.

These thoughts and many others floated through her mind as the funeral progressed. She didn't hear the words, didn't mourn the passing of the man so much as the passing of her life under his dictatorial and cruel parentage. So when the final words broke through her contemplation, she was surprised that the ceremony was finally over.

The minister came over and took Emma's hands, offering his condolences. Then each of the other guests who had attended the funeral, one by one, they came over and did the same before moving off to their vehicles and driving away.

Emma accepted their words and hoped that her face was appropriately somber. But that strange feeling was growing inside of her. Hope. Was it possible? Could she actually have a life? Was it possible that she could move on to something new? Something fresh? Something untainted by her father's despicable mind? Could she actually be a reflection of her mother instead of carrying on her father's legacy? She'd had her mother for only five years and her father for twenty, minus the periods when she'd been away at boarding school. She'd just have to recall her mother's goodness and kindness, countering all of her father's heartlessness.

One after another, the people stood in front of her, offering words of sympathy that Emma neither needed nor wanted but she nodded and smiled, eager to be off and consider the possibilities of what she could now do with her life.

"Ms. Mason," a strong, tanned hand reached down and gently clasped her cold white one. The touch sent an electric shock through her fingers and Emma was so startled, she actually looked up, directly into the handsome man's eyes. He was tall! Definitely over six feet. His face was tanned with lines in the corners of his eyes as if he laughed a lot. But his dark, black eyes weren't smiling now. They were looking at her as if he were trying to see into her soul. Emma's mouth opened and she almost gasped, a tingle of fear shooting through her and she was afraid he might be able to read her small light of happiness.

"My name is Jason Montenegro. I worked with your father several years ago. I'm very sorry for your loss," he said.

The words were spoken but Emma didn't want them. She wasn't sorry, except for all the horrible things her father had done. Not just to her, but to anyone around him. "Thank you. You have kind words," she recited the same thing she'd been saying over and over again to the others as they'd passed by her.

Emma looked around but they were now alone except for the bulldozer operator who was waiting to push the remaining dirt onto the coffin and finalize the end of an evil man's life.

"Mr. Montenegro," she replied, her fingers shaking and a shiver of awareness sped down her spine. "I think I do remember you. I believe you came to the house several times for meetings with my father. What are you doing here?" she asked. "It has been a long time," she replied.

"Yes, it has." Jason Montenegro looked down at the defeated beauty of Emma Mason, trying to determine if she mourned the passing of her father. She probably didn't know what a bastard he was, Jason thought. And he wasn't going to tell her. He'd been called three days ago to be told about the death of Edward Mason from the old man's solicitor. Something about Mason's will and how Jason needed to be there for the reading. At the moment of the call, Jason considered simply disconnecting the line and ignoring the command performance for the reading of the will. But something had stopped him. It was the gentle innocence of Edward Mason's daughter he remembered from twelve years ago.

Edward Mason had given Jason his first job out of college and Jason had been thrilled, eager to learn the ropes of corporate takeovers and management. Edward Mason had built an empire that had impressed Jason at twenty two. In those years, he ate, breathed and slept Mason Enterprises for two, long years before Jason understood exactly how Edward had made so many millions. And with that understanding, Jason found that he had wanted nothing to do with it.

Jason still remembered that rainy afternoon when Edward had ordered him to lie about a target company to the board of directors in order to gain final approval for the acquisition. The rage that filled the office that afternoon when Jason had refused had been intense. And when Jason tendered his resignation the following day, Edward had promised that Jason would never work in the industry again.

Now, twelve years later, Jason could have bought and sold Edward Mason several times over if he had the inclination. Montenegro Industries was worldwide and Jason's business acumen was reported on almost daily in one newspaper or another, depending on what country he was working in at that moment. His accomplishments had far outweighed Edward's conglomerate, a fact which Edward had hated, Jason knew.

Jason was just as ruthless as Edward Mason but the difference was that Jason never broke the law or lied. He used intelligence and cutthroat business tactics but they were all ethical and always passed audits. He had, in fact, become the darling of the business world whereas Edward Mason had burned too many people with his business practices and, recently, had become known in business circles as a pariah to be avoided.

As the drizzle increased to rain, Jason looked down at the shy woman who was shivering from the cold and remembered how he'd felt the first time he'd seen Emma Mason. Twelve years ago, he'd seen the small, red haired teenager in a dress three sized too big for her as she scurried down the hallway. She hadn't seen him outside her father's office but he'd seen her. And he'd watched in horror as her huge green eyes monitored her father's door. She was almost out of sight when Edward Mason's door opened but Jason hadn't been watching the office door. He'd been watching Emma Mason and had to swallow the lump in his throat when the small, terrified girl dashed into a closet, closing the door only seconds before her father appeared in the same hallway.

The idea that a man's daughter would be so terrified of him that she would hide! And in a closet dammit! It had sickened Jason that day. If it hadn't been for that scene, Jason never would have started looking into Edward's business practices more closely and he wouldn't be where he was today.

He remembered the way Edward had looked at him that afternoon. Jason hadn't had time to look away from the closet fast enough and Edward's eyes had gone from Jason's, to the then-closed door. Nothing had happened, but Jason saw the narrowing of the older man's eyes, as if he knew that Jason had seen something he shouldn't have.

Emma pasted a false smile on her face, wondering if it were possible for cheeks to freeze from the cold. "Well, it is good to see you again. Thank you for stopping by," she said and walked to her waiting car.

Jason watched the tiny woman disappear into the back seat of the black sedan. As she stepped in, her long dress pulled up slightly and he was given a glimpse of one shapely leg, the calf encased in black stockings, was slender with a dainty ankle and small feet. Jason's eyes narrowed, curiosity firing in him. What was going on? Why would a woman with legs that lovely hide them under long, woolen skirts like that? Why was she wearing those awful looking clothes? He wasn't sure, but years of experience with the opposite sex told him that she probably had an incredible figure hiding underneath that dress.

And why the hell didn't she wear some makeup? Let her hair down? Of course, with skin like that, she didn't really need makeup. A redhead should have freckles, but Emma Mason's cheeks were pure, soft and blemish-free, making her long, dark lashes seem almost black as they surrounded those fascinating green eyes.

Jason pushed thoughts of the mysterious woman out of his mind. This whole issue was none of his concern. He was furious with the curiosity which had driven him here today after the phone call. Edward Mason's will was none of his concern, and the man's daughter was better off without the father in her life to mess things up.

He walked over to his own waiting car and ducked into the back. Immediately picking up his phone, he pressed the speed dial, instantly connecting with his secretary.

"Betty, what's the story on the figures for the DiMarco acquisition?" He listened for a long moment, then nodded. "Fine, have the papers on my desk by the time I get back. I should be back at the office in less than thirty minutes."

"The flowers were delivered this morning," Betty said.

"Flowers?" Jason snapped, his mind already moving on to the details of the next business meeting. He flipped open the file folder Betty had given him that morning that outlined the details.

"The flowers you asked to be delivered to Ms. Stephanie Michaels this morning," Betty reminded him.

"Ah," Jason said, ignoring the issue of his now-past mistress and moving on to more current issues. He'd asked Betty to send some flowers but had immediately dismissed it from his mind moments after he'd given the command. "Fine, thank you. What about Tom Daniels? Has he called back?"

"Of course. He's confirmed that the package was delivered and all the terms were accepted."

"Good." Jason eased back in his seat, a feeling of success washing over him as yet another company joined the Montenegro conglomerate. But that moment passed and he went through the details of five other deals that were currently in the works. Montenegro Industries bought companies and incorporated them under the larger umbrella, cutting the fat, trimming down the superfluous employees and making all of the systems more efficient and profitable. Each additional company was bought in order to somehow benefit the others, making the Montenegro machine more and more powerful.

"How was the funeral?" Betty asked when Jason stopped giving her directions fifteen minutes later.

"The funeral?" Jason asked absently.

He heard a small sigh, before, "The funeral of Edward Mason?" she reminded him. "You mentioned you were going to stop by earlier today."

"Oh. Yes, fine," he replied. The memory of a slender, sexy leg and shy green eyes popped into his head. But he pushed it aside and rattled off a new list of things for Betty to finalize.

He hung up and sat back, reading through the file, his sharp mind memorizing every detail as soon as he read it. By the time Tim, his driver, pulled up in the underground garage of Montenegro Industries headquarters, Jason had already moved on to the meeting.

Chapter 2

Coming home after the funeral, Emma walked into her father's study, looking around in curiosity. She had never been permitted in this office while her father had been alive. She'd only had glimpses when the door cracked open. But if she'd been near, Emma had been too terrified of her father finding her to stop and peer inside. Her life's goal had been to become invisible. Whenever he caught sight of her, a lecture or some sort of perceived misdeed was brought down upon her. And punishments always followed.

Edward Mason never hit his daughter. No, that could be too easily discovered by the bruises or the marks. He'd always been more evil than that. There were times Emma had wished he'd hit her. For then, perhaps the punishment would be over or maybe she would black out.

But God was never that compassionate. Emma had endured seemingly endless hours of lectures about how she had been born from a slut but he would not allow her to become one herself. He would order her to accompany him on a function but if she dared to look at a man, even if he spoke directly at her, Emma would be banished to her room, sometimes without food for days. Later, when he arranged dates for her, he would accompany her on the activity himself and would always find fault with her demeanor or conduct.

During her teen years, one of the punishments she'd "endured" had been banishment to an all girls' boarding school. She had thrived during those four years of high school, making friends for the first time, learning new things, being out in the open more often when she'd dared to join a sports team. She had spent almost every second of her spare time studying, fearful that even one low grade would have her brought back to her father's merciless supervision but she'd absolutely loved the four years during which she'd been sent away from her father's heavy presence.

University was almost as good but she was required to attend closer to home. According to her father, she was becoming too independent and needed a man to guide her as she moved into adulthood. And since he was the only trustworthy man capable of defending her virtue, she lived at home and was chauffeured to all her classes.

The solicitor cleared his throat and Emma snapped out of her memories. She smiled an apology, then quickly glanced down, afraid the solicitor would think she was coming on to him as well. The thought occurred to her that her father was no longer around to punish her, but years of training couldn't be pushed away only three days after his death.

The solicitor, Mr. Bernstein, was obviously uncomfortable. "I apologize for the odd requirements of your father's will, Ms. Mason," he was saying.

Emma's eyes snapped up quickly. It was the first sense that she had that something was wrong. Something terribly, terribly wrong. The small ray of hope that had been building for the past hour was flickering.

"Please, let's just move along," Emma said softly. She dropped her eyes, afraid the anger and despair she was feeling would show in her eyes. Emma didn't know what her father could do to her from the grave, but she braced herself for the pain he was about to inflict.

"Ahem," Mr. Bernstein said again, "According to your father's last will and testament, all of his money will be held in trust for his grandson." Mr. Bernstein straightened his glasses, the movement indicating his discomfiture with the terms. "Ms. Emma Mason will have access to the funds for six month, allowing her time to plan her wedding. After that point, she will have access only after she has become pregnant with a son, a sonogram being needed to verify the gender of the child. This son must come from the union of Mr. Jason Montenegro and Ms. Emma Mason and a DNA test will need to be confirmed once the child is born."

Emma's body froze in fear and dread. The horror was too much and she bowed her head in shame for her father's terms. Without hesitation, she shook her head. "I'll forego the money. You can give it to charity or whatever he stipulates if I don't comply with the terms."

Mr. Bernstein's face turned red and Emma knew that the nightmare was only beginning. "He left a letter for you in case you insist on ignoring his dying orders." An envelope was pulled out from under some papers and handed to Emma.

She took the white envelope wish shaking fingers, determined to not fall victim to her father any longer. Unfortunately, her father was more diabolical than she could ever have imagined.

With a stiff chin, Emma read the words, her heart breaking as once again her father won the battle. The words were horrible and just as vicious as she remembered him being.

Emma - if you are reading this then that means you have scorned my wealth once again. You are an ungrateful, evil child who will definitely rot in hell for all the anguish you have caused me over the years with your promiscuous ways.

Knowing that there is more than one currency for everyone, I have endeavored to find a way that will ensure your compliance with my will. In anticipation of your behavior, I have set aside certain clues that will allow you to find your slut of a mother. Each clue will be given to you once you reach certain milestones. Marrying Mr. Jason Montenegro will give you the key to a storeroom where all of your mother's belongings were taken after her departure. Conception of a child will allow you to have her diary. It is from this that I have been able to identify her current location. At that point, you should come to your senses and realize that my money will ensure the security of your child. But if it does not, and you have not located your mother by that point, there is one final clue which will be given to you once you deliver my grandson.

Just so you know, your mother has been fighting for custody of you ever since her ill-thought out departure. I have been ultimately successful in keeping her filthy, cheating hands off of you

One more thing. You can try and search her out yourself. I warn you though that, given all my resources, it took me seven years to find her on my own, even while she was fighting for custody. The bitch has herself well hidden.

Mind me well, daughter. The fastest way to find your mother is to obey my will.

Sincerely yours

Edward Mason

Emma crumpled the paper in her hands, her whole body working to maintain control and not release the tears of anger and frustration which welled up inside her with her father's words.

Her mother was alive! It was too much to take in. After so many years and no contact in any way, Emma had long ago assumed that her mother had died. And her mother had been fighting for her? Did her mother even know that her father was dead?

The solicitor once again cleared his throat, effectively breaking into Emma's tortured thoughts. "I regret that Mr. Montenegro has declined the offer to attend this reading so he has not heard the terms of the will. I will make an appointment with Mr. Montenegro at the earliest opportunity to explain the terms and ask for his compliance."

Emma started shaking her head at the last sentence. "No, Mr. Bernstein. Please don't do that," she said, hearing the strain in her voice. "I think it would be better coming from me," she explained.

Mr. Bernstein obviously liked that idea if the relief showing in his eyes was any indication. "The will is solid but if you would like to contest the terms, I can give you the names of several attorneys," he explained.

Emma considered the idea but had heard that contesting wills sometimes took years, even decades. Emma didn't think she could wait that long. And if she didn't marry the man, she would have no resources to start a search herself.

Emma realized that Mr. Bernstein was waiting for a reply. "Thank you for your consideration. Let me think on the issue. I will get back to you if I need further assistance."

Mr. Bernstein nodded and stood up. "I have left a copy of the will for both you and Mr. Montenegro as well as a letter from your father to him. While you live in this house, your expenses will be taken care of by the estate with an allowance for incidental issues, by the way."

Without another word, he left. Emma sat there in the large, uncomfortable leather chair, listening to the rain pounding down against the windows outside. At some point, the rain turned to sleet and she noted that the slaps of rain drops turned to pings of ice but she remained, still and unseeing. Defeated.

She had two options as she saw it. She could ignore her father's will, find a job and use all her money to start a search for her mother. Or she could find Jason Montenegro and offer him a solution. The man was a businessman. Perhaps there was something she could offer him. Emma had no need for her father's money. And as far as she was concerned, it was all tainted anyway. If she had her way, she would find all the people her father had cheated and pay them back.

But that wouldn't help her current predicament. She wanted to find her mother. If it was true, that she was alive and had been fighting for custody ever since she'd left, then that must mean she still loved her daughter.

The need to find that woman, to see if the love was real and untarnished as her father's had been, was deep and painful.

It was almost seven o'clock at night when she finally moved. But it wasn't to leave her father's study. It was only to walk to his large, mahogany desk and pick up the phone. Flipping through her father's rolodex, she found the phone number she'd been looking for.

He probably wasn't there, she told herself. But when he picked up himself on the third ring, Emma's heartbeat started racing.

"Montenegro," was all he said as a greeting.

Emma tried to get a sound past her throat, but nervousness welled up and she started shaking.

"Hello?" the strong, deep voice demanded impatiently.

"Yes!" Emma finally said. "Mr. Montenegro, please, don't hang up."

There was a long silence. "Who is this?" he demanded.

"Its Emma. Emma Mason," she squeaked. "Listen, I'm very sorry to bother you. But I was hoping you...I mean...if it is at all possible...." Emma took a deep breath and closed her eyes, concentrating so she would stop sounding like a ninny. "I was wondering if you might have a moment to spare tomorrow. I need to speak to you about something that is urgent."

"Are you okay?" he asked instantly.

Emma considered her state of mind. "Yes. I'm fine," she lied. "And if you are too busy, I understand. This really doesn't have anything to do with you but...."

"How about ten o'clock?" he suggested, cutting her off in mid sentence.

Emma almost sobbed with relief but she controlled herself. "Ten o'clock tomorrow morning? Absolutely," she gushed. "Thank you very much for your time. I promise to make it very short," she said.

"Until tomorrow, then," Jason said.

Jason hung up the phone and stared at it for a long moment. The nervousness in her voice was obvious as was her desperation to speak with him. He had no idea what the timid woman wanted to talk to him about but he suspected it was about the will he'd ignored. She probably just needed some advice, he told himself and turned back to the spreadsheet he'd been reviewing. But the image of her leg kept popping into his mind. And her lips. Jason had watched her lips after the funeral and now they were commingling with his memory of her leg before it had disappeared under her long, shapeless skirt. Her lips had been red and full, incredible.

Jason shook his head and went back to his reports. He didn't really have time to meet with her tomorrow but he'd have Betty shuffle some meetings. He could spare five minutes, he thought.

Chapter 3

Emma dressed carefully for her meeting the next day. She wanted to appear confident and businesslike. But all of her dresses were horribly too big for her. Which meant they looked frumpy and awful, drowning her body in fabric.

She chose the least offensive dress, a brown jumper with the matching cream turtleneck. Looking at her face in the mirror, she grimaced. A picture of Jason Montenegro had appeared in the morning's newspaper. A fabulously beautiful blond woman was holding onto his arm, dressed in a stunning beaded gown that had clung to all of her voluptuous curves while she smiled up at him with a perfectly made up face.

How in the world was she supposed to put a marriage proposal to a sophisticated man dressed in a brown sack when he was used to being around women dressed like movie stars? Was this really the best she had? She pulled the fabric away from her figure, realizing there was about six inches of fabric on each side of her that could be cut away and the jumper still wouldn't cling like that other woman's dress.

Looking at the clock, she knew there was nothing she could do to change what she was wearing. And all he had to do was say no to her proposition and that would be the end of their meeting. But during the long, restless hours of darkness, she'd come up with a plan and she was hoping she could convince Jason Montenegro to go along with it. She didn't know her father's total net worth, but she was hoping it would be enough.

She picked up her coat and shrugged it on. She didn't even have a purse since her father didn't think it was necessary. What would she carry in it anyway? He hadn't allowed her to learn to drive and there was always a housekeeper or other servant in residence so the house was rarely locked up or someone was available to open the door for her, meaning she had no need for keys. Makeup was forbidden to her and she didn't wear glasses, not even sun glasses since her father said that she would only try and hide her eyes from him so he wouldn't allow that. She had been allowed money at certain times but only enough for whatever event she was attending. Credit cards had been prohibited so a wallet with no money and no credit cards was just pointless.

"Montenegro Industries headquarters, Tim," she told her driver who quickly nodded and closed the door for her. The only thing she carried with her was a copy of the will and the still sealed envelope addressed to him.

She arrived within five minutes of ten o'clock and presented herself to the lobby receptionist. Emma was relieved that her name had been given to security and she was handed a visitor's badge and instructed to go to a private elevator which would take her to the top floor where Ms. Betty Walsh would be waiting for her.

Emma followed the instructions and was greeted by a smiling, elderly woman who was efficiency and friendliness personified.

"Emma Mason?" Betty asked.

"Yes. Are you Ms. Walsh?" Emma asked, returning the smile.

"Oh, pish. Call me Betty. Jason is waiting for you. Come this way please." She led the way down a quiet, beautifully decorated hallway that was done in creams and dark mahogany with brass name plates on the doors. At the end of the hallway was a large office with a sitting area which Emma thought she would just wait on. But Betty opened a large set of double doors and waived Emma inside. "Jason? Emma Mason is here for you," she said, then closed the door behind a now terrified Emma.

Emma stared at the huge office in awe. Her father's office had been done in dark wood with heavy furniture and dark, velvet curtains which almost always closed off the sunshine. But this office was filled with natural light and there were no curtains anywhere to be seen. The office was luxurious but not heavy, still portraying a sense of power and wealth but not coming across as overwhelming.

Well, until her eyes rested on the man now standing up behind a huge, highly polished wooden desk. "Emma! Good to see you again. How are you?" he asked.

Emma's shivering intensified as the tall, incredibly gorgeous man walked over to stand in front of her. His jacket was off, thrown over the large, black leather chair behind his desk and she could tell that the shoulders were extremely wide with muscles padding their width, not tailoring.

She swallowed, pulling up the last vestiges of her courage and extended her freezing cold hand to his. "Hello, Mr. Montenegro. Thank you so much for taking the time to see me today."

"My pleasure," he said and waved her over to a set of comfortable leather chairs and sofas, surrounding a low, marble coffee table. "Can I get you something to drink? Some coffee perhaps? Or tea?"

Emma shook her head as she slipped down onto the leather sofa gratefully. He sat down in a chair next to her and waited patiently for her to start.

"I guess you're wondering what I wanted to talk to you about," she started.

Jason smiled, encouraging her to continue, "The thought crossed my mind. Your father and I weren't exactly business partners." If she didn't know what her father was like, he wasn't going to elaborate on the man's unethical business practices.

Emma laughed nervously. "No. I know that you and he weren't friends. Which makes this meeting so much more awkward."

"Now you have me intrigued. Go ahead," he encouraged. What could this slender, timid woman want to say to him that would embarrass her so much? He considered reaching out and holding her hand but thought that might scare her even more. If his instincts were correct, Emma Mason was a sweet, innocent woman who would run at the first touch of a man.

Emma looked down at the file in her hands and set it out flat on the coffee table, smoothing the folds so it would stay flat. "You see, my father...." Emma searched for the right words to describe her request. "Well, he didn't really trust...women," she finished. "So all of his money is to be held in a trust for his grandson."

He saw the wariness in her eyes and wished he could do something to reassure her. It was completely against his nature to think like that but something about Emma just brought out a previously unrecognized protective instinct in him. "That doesn't sound very politically correct. But I'm sure a good lawyer could break the terms of the will eventually."

Emma nodded. "Yes, but that might take years," she explained. "And that isn't really all of it." Looking into his kind, sympathetic eyes, she decided to just plunge into the whole, messy details and let him make the decision after she'd explained her plan. "You see, my father's will stipulates that I must marry, conceive a child, a son specifically, and then I am to get something...important to me."

Jason's eyebrows went down, not liking the way the will was sounding. "That sounds archaic," he said.

"Well, there's more. He was specific about the person I am to marry and who is to father his grandson."

Jason already knew the answer before she said it. "He wants me to marry you," she said, looking down, her face flaming red in embarrassment. "Before you say no, please let me state my case and maybe I could tempt you into agreeing. If you'll do this for me, it can be just between the two of us. We don't even need to see each other except to marry quietly and privately somewhere, then we can donate the appropriate....parts," she struggled, "in a doctor's office where the...parts can be put together to form a child."

Jason stared at her. Oddly his mind was more occupied with her luscious lips and the elegant line of her neck which was revealed to him because her fiery red hair was so primly pinned to her head.

She continued on, despite her flaming face but unable to look at him, staring down at her hands instead. "In return for doing this, I'll transfer all the money from my father's estate to you after the birth of a baby boy," she explained awkwardly. "All that I'm allowed to transfer that is. Which I don't know the whole amount."

Jason leaned back in the chair, astounded by the proposal. "Let me get this straight," he said slowly. "You want me to marry you without anyone knowing about it, conceive a child with you and then you'll pay me," he stopped to think what he'd read about her fathers wealth, "approximately twenty million pounds?"

Emma shrugged, not sure of her father's total net worth but assumed that twenty million might be correct. "Yes," she said, nodding her head for emphasis.

The cynic in him started to take over but he smothered that feeling. He still wanted to protect her, but there was no way he was going to give in to Edward Mason and marry his daughter. "What's in it for you?" he asked.

Emma wiped her palms on her brown jumper nervously. She smiled wryly. "I get the location of my mother," she finally said.

It was starting to make sense. "You're father's a real bastard, isn't he?" Jason finally said into the silence that followed her announcement.

Emma nodded, unable to look at him.

"Why don't you just start a search for your mother on your own?"

Emma stood up and walked over to the windows, unable to sit still any longer. She crossed her arms over her chest and looked back at his face, daring to look him in the eye. "Because it will take too long," she whispered, desperately trying to keep the pain out of her voice but knew she was failing. "You see, my mother ran away when I was five. She apparently had to escape from my father. He was rather....tyrannical."

Jason thought back to what he knew of her father's business practices and agreed. "I can imagine."

Emma smiled grimly. "I bet you can't," she countered. "Anyway, I found out yesterday that she's still alive and," Emma had to swallow before continuing, "she's been fighting for me for years. My father has somehow managed to keep her from contacting me. As soon as I marry, I'll get access to her things. Then once I conceive," she almost stumbled on that word, "I get her diary, which is apparently how my father found her."

Jason nodded his head. Being an orphan himself, he knew how important it could be to find one's parents. He never knew who his father was and his mother died in the hospital after giving birth to him. For the past ten years, he'd been searching for the identity of his father but the leads were now dry and not even the best private detective could come up with a new one to follow. But he could sympathize with her quandary since he was in the same position. "I could lend you the money to find your mother without having to go through the trouble of marrying and getting pregnant," he suggested.

Emma smiled, feeling her heart sink with his words. "Thank you. That's very generous of you but it apparently took my father seven years to find her the first time." She knew a brush off when she heard one. Standing up, she offered her hand. "Thank you for your time," she whispered, wishing she could hide the disappointment, but she was crushed.

"Wait, Emma. What are you going to do?" She looked so devastated, his cynical heart cracked slightly.

Emma sniffed back tears. "I need to go," she said. "I've left a copy of the will and a letter from my father to you. I don't know what is in the letter but I've read the will. I can't think of anything else to do but this isn't your problem. It's my mother. I'll figure out a way to find her," she said.

Emma rushed from the office, barreling as fast as she could to the elevators.

Jason watched her run and called out for her to stop. Gritting his teeth, he snatched up the letter and tore it open. With a grimace, he read through the short letter, swearing under his breath as he crumpled it in his fist.

Hello Montenegro,

Long time no see. Did you think you could ever get around my retribution? Even in my death, I've defeated you, you bastard. And it is nice to know that I can say that quite literally.

If you are reading this, then I consider that I have won the war you started when you walked out on my company all those years ago. The terms of my will are absolute. You either marry my slut of a daughter and impregnate her or the identity of your father is buried with me. And let me be clear, I don't just have another clue for your team of investigators to follow. I have his identity as well as evidence of paternity.

You see, in the end, my slut of a daughter will never get my money but I will eventually get all of your money through my grandson. Because you're such a sentimental fool, you'll leave all of your wealth to your offspring, which will also be mine. So all of those billions you cheated me out of will still be mine!

Choose well, you bastard. Sully your perfect world with the whore of a daughter I've accidentally brought into this world, and don't let her silly image fool you since she's been with just about every man that crossed her path, or you forget about ever knowing the identity of your father. You have less than one week to marry the stupid tramp before my lawyer destroys the information about your father. But you won't get the information until you produce a grandson.

Choose well you son of a bitch. And welcome to hell!

With decisive movements, he called security and five minutes later, Emma was coming back to his office, her head bowed and he could see the tears and anger in her eyes. Jason didn't mind the anger. In fact, he was startled at how bright her green eyes appeared when she was angry. But as soon as he looked at her, she lowered her eyes and Jason simply nodded to the security guard who quickly left, closing the door behind her.

Jason stood there, considering all the possible ramifications of what he was about to say. Edward really was a bastard but Jason looked on his daughter with new eyes. He would have bet every one of his billions that Emma Mason was innocent of men. But apparently he wasn't the first fool to fall into that trap.

Jason watched her face and his own twisted with cynical irony. "Well, it looks like we need to plan a wedding, don't we?" he snapped.

Emma's head snapped up and she looked into his dark, intimidating face. "I'm sorry, what do you mean?"

"Come sit down, please."

Emma obeyed but held herself stiffly, sitting on the edge of the sofa she'd recently vacated. This was not the same man she had just left, she thought to herself. What had her father said in the letter that had so enraged him? And what information could her father hold over Jason Montenegro? He seemed so confident, so overwhelmingly powerful.

"If I remember correctly, your father died four days ago. Is that correct?" he asked, tamping down on his temper that was flaring out of control. He wasn't sure if he was angrier that Edward Mason held something over him or because his instincts on his daughter were so wrong. Either way, he would get what he wanted. And looking at her full, sensuous lips, he knew that he wanted this woman. He had no idea why she was dressed so ridiculously but he wanted the facade over with.

Emma twisted her hands in her lap and counted the days. Had it only been four days? It seemed like months. "Yes. That's correct."

"Then we have three days left," he said crisply and walked over to his desk. "How is the sixteenth for you?" he asked, not bothering to look up at her. "That is in two days but I have to fly to Germany on the seventeenth."

"I'm sorry, is the sixteenth good for what?" Emma asked.

"Getting married, of course. Keep up, Emma."

Emma looked at the man who had gone from being the ultimate gentleman to a surly beast, all within ten minutes. "I'm trying to keep up, Mr. Montenegro but you're not making any sense."

Emma could not believe her ears. Was this the woman who had huddled in closets when her father walked by? Who had scurried around the servants halls in an effort to be invisible in the hopes of avoiding her father's wrath? She was now standing up, strong and firmly against a man who was being rude to her!

Jason's eyes flashed up to hers and he bore down on the small, fragile looking beauty. "Since we're about to get married and produce a child, Emma," he said, emphasizing the use of her first name, "perhaps it would be more appropriate for you to call me Jason."

She stared at the angry stranger in front of her, stunned and hurt by his turnabout. Emma was finished with this conversation. She raised her chin and lifted herself up to her full five feet, five inches and glared right back at him, her green eyes firing the anger, giving as good as she got. "I'm not sure what my father said in that horrid letter but I'm not going to stand here and take this. I took it..." she had been about to say she'd taken it from her father but stopped herself before she looked pathetic in front of this man. She'd had enough abuse to last her a lifetime. She was damned if she was going to endure it one second more. "I'm not going to take it from you," she finished and turned on her heel to leave.

But Jason wasn't finished with her. He grabbed her arm and swung her about, forcing her to stop and hear what he had to say. "Listen, my dear. We're getting married so get over yourself. You came here proposing to marry me. I've now accepted. In business, you should never go back on your promise. It makes for a very poor future," he threatened ominously.

Emma had burned off all her righteous outrage and now she was genuinely intimidated by a man who practiced this on a daily basis. How was she supposed to win an argument with a man like Jason Montenegro?

Regardless, she wasn't going to tie her life to this awful man. Her father, she hadn't had a choice. But Jason Montenegro, she could reject. With as much dignity as she could muster while feeling as if he'd just wiped his feet on her nose, she shook her head and stood her ground. "No. I'm sorry, I made a mistake. Please ignore my proposal."

She was almost to the door when his next words stopped her. "Are you saying you don't want to find your mother anymore? After all she's done to get to you, are you now relinquishing all rights to her?"

If he'd said anything else, she would have walked through the doors and ignored him. All of her father's filthy money could just rot in hell. But he'd latched onto the one thing she couldn't give up, the one thing that might be a balm to her damaged soul. Emma desperately wanted to find her mother, to find out why she'd left and hear from her own mouth that she hadn't abandoned Emma to a soulless monster. Hearing Jason say the words reminded her of the past twenty years and how much she'd missed the loving arms and sweet voice of her mother.

Emma leaned her head against the door, defeated yet again with humiliation burning in her chest. She felt Jason walk up behind her, the heat of his body burning into the wool of her shapeless jumper. "The sixteenth, Emma. I'll pick you up at noon. Be ready."

She refused to let the tears fall with this man to witness her trouncing. There had been too many wasted tears in her life and she was frankly sick of being one of those women who cried. It was time to be strong. It would be what her mother would want, she told herself. His last words reminded her that she didn't have any money, nor did she have access to any.

Without turning around, she spoke with a tone that surprised even her with the strength behind the words. "I don't have any funds to buy a new dress so you'll just have to accept me like this."

She was about to open the door when he shoved some bills into her hand. "Here. Buy a white dress. Every girl needs a wedding to remember, don't they?" His sarcasm wasn't missed on her.

She stared at the bills in her hand, astonished at the amount. But it was his money and he was more of a bastard than her father had ever been. Because Jason had been nice initially, she'd trusted him. And she'd lost her pride with his crushing of that trust.

She turned to toss the cash back at him but again, he read her mind and stopped her with a few ruthless words. "Don't toss it aside, Emma. I can be very generous but you'll need to learn to treat me right." His words were soft and close to her ear. Unfortunately, she had no idea what he meant by them. All she knew was that she could smell his scent and feel the heat of his body. His lips even brushed against the sensitive shell of her ear, sending shivers down her nerves and scaring her with the intensity.

She turned back to look at him, her green eyes wide with the alarm his touch instilled in her. Instead of throwing the bills at him, she crushed them in her fist with one hand and rushed out the door with the other, racing blindly away from a man who had broken through her defenses and made her feel what her father had always been telling her she was. She was wanton and the feelings stormed through her, even as she raced to the elevator.

Good grief! Was she really the slut her father had accused her of? The elevator doors opened up and she almost fell inside, desperate to get away from him.

She'd convinced herself that she wasn't like that. Her father had picked out several men in the past to escort her to various functions but they had all left her cold, revolted even. How could such a simple, brief touch have made her react so violently then?

No! She wasn't evil or sluttish. She wasn't the whore her father had claimed she was. Thankfully Tim was still waiting by the curb with the car and she swung herself into the back seat, desperate to get away from the Montenegro building.

Tim must have understood since he drove away quickly, not asking her where she wanted to go.

Chapter 4

Emma sat on the cold, stone bench watching the sun set on the horizon. The air was damp around her with the smell of spring teasing her. The cold of the air and the stone bench seeped into her body but she didn't care. It had been a gloriously sunny day but she hadn't enjoyed any of it. She had in fact been terrified of the repercussions of her message, but forced herself to follow through on her plan.

Would he have received the message yet? And would he even bother to read it if he had? She'd woken up this morning, determined to change her life by taking charge and not being a doormat any longer. One of those changes was that she would never subject herself to the humiliation and fear that her father had instilled in her.

Oh, Jason Montenegro would never physically hurt her. And she couldn't imagine him yelling in like a lunatic, which was what her father sometimes looked like when he'd reached the heights of his passionate rage. But Jason could still hurt her if she let him. But as of today, she would no longer let any man hurt her or wound her pride again.

She wasn't sure how she had the courage to do it but she'd sat down this morning and written a note, then asked Tim to deliver it to Jason Montenegro's office.

Ever since Tim had left, Emma had been wondering what the man's reaction would be. And now she had it. Nothing. Not even a return note acknowledging and accepting her backing out of the wedding.

"Excuse me," a female voice said from behind her.

Emma turned slowly and smiled slightly at the sight of her father's housekeeper standing on the stone path behind her, hands nervously clenched in front of her as if she expected someone to snap at her any moment. "Yes, Ms. McGregor?" she prompted with as much kindness as she could muster. The woman had dealt with a great deal from her father. Emma wanted to be completely different.

Nancy McGregor had been her father's housekeeper ever since Emma had been born but had never spoken to her except to relay messages over the years from her father. But Emma had hidden in the kitchens on more than one occasion, and this woman had turned a blind eye, never giving her father the slightest hint that his daughter was hiding somewhere in her domain.

Nancy looked down and then back at Emma, her hands twisting in her apron. "I couldn't help but notice the announcement in the newspapers this morning," she said. "About your wedding coming up tomorrow," she said, her hands releasing the apron and her palms rubbing against her upper thighs nervously.

Emma hadn't read the newspaper this morning so this announcement was a surprise. "I didn't know that it had been submitted."

Nancy looked down and shrugged slightly. "Yes, well, the thing is, I don't know if you have anything appropriate to wear," she started off awkwardly. "But I have something you might want to see."

The woman's tentative offer intrigued Emma enough to strike her curiosity. "What is it?" she asked.

Nancy smiled with obvious relief now that she realized that Emma wasn't going to criticize or reject the offer completely. "Come with me, if you don't mind." Nancy eagerly led the way back into the house and through the large rooms, up the winding staircase. All the way back to the last guestroom, Emma followed the housekeeper, her curiosity growing with the increasing sense of mystery.

"I was cleaning the house shortly after your mother left," Nancy started, her voice trailing off to a whisper on the last word. "In any case, I found this," she said and pulled out a large, white wardrobe bag, dusty and the zipper slightly rusted but Nancy was holding the bag with a reverence that Emma hadn't ever seen in the woman before.

"What is it?" Emma asked.

Nancy hooked the hanger on the back of the closet door, then slowly unzipped the bag. Emma gasped when she saw the beautiful wedding dress inside. "It was your mother's," Nancy explained with a huge, excited grin.

"Oh, Ms. McGregor! How on earth did you save this from destruction?" Emma asked. She touched the glowing white silk with loving fingers, gently sliding down the pearls sewn into the tee length fabric. "Its lovely, isn't it?" Emma said dreamily, remembering a picture she'd seen a long time ago of her mother wearing this dress, her arm hooked into her father's and looking up at him with love and a huge smile.

"Please, call me Nancy," the housekeeper tentatively suggested. "Now that your father has passed away, I'd rather not stand on so much formality, if you don't mind."

Emma's eyes glanced over to the housekeeper's kind and weathered face, wondering if she was serious. "I'd be honored if you would call me Emma instead of Ms. Mason."

"Agreed," Nancy smiled, visibly relieved. "As for how I saved it, your mother had me put it back here shortly after she arrived. I think she was trying to save it then, but we'll never know, will we?"

Emma shook her head, her eyes looking over the intricate dress lovingly. "Not true. I intend to find her," Emma said with a passion she had tried to suppress over the past few days. "Was there anything else you might have saved?" she asked hopefully.

Nancy shook her head sadly. "No. I'm sorry but your father was quite thorough about packing everything else away. There was just the one picture I was able to..." her voice trailed off again.

It was only a small setback, she told herself. Even this glorious dress was at least a small connection to her mother that Emma would savor. "Well, don't worry about it. I'll find her somehow," she said, firmly believing her words even if she wasn't exactly sure how to go about accomplishing the goal.

"I'm glad you're excited," Nancy said, a huge, relieved grin on her features. "I'd better go get dinner started."

Emma shook her head. "Don't bother, Nancy," she said, still looking at the dress. "I'm not really hungry. I think I'll warm up a little with a bath though."

The housekeeper disappeared and eventually Emma carried the dress to her own room, hanging it in her closet for safekeeping. Then she strolled into her bathroom, stripping off her clothes as she went. She pulled her robe off the back of the door, humming softly to herself as she turned on the water to fill up the tub. She then pulled the pins out of her hair, letting the long, red tresses fall down her back.

Feeling decadent, Emma poured some shampoo into her water, deciding to make it a bubble bath instead of just warm water. As the tub filled up with water, she was just lowering her robe when a deep voice stopped her.

"Don't even try it, Emma," Jason Montenegro was saying from the bathroom doorway. "And what the hell was that note supposed to mean?" he demanded.

Emma watched in horror as the man she'd been thinking about all day strolled into her bathroom as if he owned it. Which, in fact he did since all of her father's money was held in trust, controlled by him until their wedding day. She pulled the robe back onto her shoulders and quickly belted it closed, stepping back, frantically looking for some sort of escape.

"What are you doing here?" she gasped when he didn't stop until he was only inches from her.

"I am responding to your note," he said, his eyes traveling down her terrycloth clad body. "I was right," he said out loud. "You do have an incredible figure. No more hiding it under those awful clothes," he commanded softly. He wasn't yelling but his voice was low and sexy. Dangerous! So were his eyes as they touched on her features, then traveled lower, looking at her breasts, her tiny waist and then back up since the folds of her robe covered everything else.

"The message only said I couldn't go through with it," she said, wishing her voice sounded more firm. "I didn't think you needed to come all the way over here to accept the change of plans."

"Ah, but I'm not accepting," he countered, one finger moving to touch her cheek. "In fact, I'm here to give you that reply in person and to make sure you understand that you're not the only person in this situation with something to lose. And I'm not going to lose, Emma," he said softly.

"What do you mean?" she stammered out. Her eyes were wide and her body was shivering with just his simple touch. She wished he would leave because her body was acting like it was excited to see him. Which was ridiculous, she told herself. She hated him. He was the enemy now, wasn't he?"

"I mean, we're getting married tomorrow. And if you don't have a dress that is appropriate, and that won't embarrass me, then you'll regret it. I don't waste time," he explained.

Emma shook her head. "We can't get married tomorrow!"

"Why not? Do you have a previous engagement?"

"No, but..."

"Good, then I'll pick you up at noon. Don't make me wait, Emma," he warned softly. "And don't embarrass me by showing up in that ridiculous costume like you wore to my office yesterday."

"Costume?" she repeated. "What costume?"

Jason ignored her but his eyes traveled to her lips. "Perhaps I should sample the goods before purchasing," he said.

Emma understood exactly what he was talking about and she backed up. Thankfully his muscular arm snaked out and pulled her close, just in time to save her from falling into the bathtub. "Tsk tsk, Emma. You must learn to be careful if you're going to become pregnant soon."

Without another word, he turned on his heel and left, leaving Emma to shiver in his wake. When she heard the front door close, she sank down onto the toilet seat, her knees giving out on her. What on earth had he meant by a costume? She'd been wearing her best outfit yesterday!

Emptying the tub, Emma slipped out of her bathrobe and pulled on her long, flannel nightgown. The worn material had definitely seen better days but she didn't care. She slipped into her bed and stared up at the ceiling for hours, wondering how she was going to deal with the immediate future. She didn't know what Jason would do if she didn't show up for the wedding tomorrow. But what would she do if she did? Could she stand to be married to the man?

But she didn't really have to be genuinely married, did she? Her original suggestion was that they would marry and produce a child through a clinic. That was the answer, she told herself. She'd continue to live here, maybe find a job somewhere? Perhaps in the village? She had no idea what skills she had but surely there was something she could do.

Emma woke the following morning and stretched. She showered and pulled on her robe, then wandered into her closet. In the early morning hours, she'd come to the conclusion that she could at least marry the man. As soon as she did, she'd be given a key to the warehouse that stored all of her mother's possessions. Surely there was a clue somewhere that would indicate where she might be?

Emma dried her hair, then pinned it up in her normal style. With shaking fingers, she pulled on her mother's dress, surveying her reflection in the mirror with stunned silence. Was that really her looking back? The form fitting dress changed her entire appearance. Emma pushed her shoulders back and lifted herself up proudly. That really was her! With only a dress, Emma had changed from a mousy, almost invisible person, smothered in colors that made her skin disappear, into someone that even she might call pretty. Her green eyes shone and her hair seemed to be a brighter shade of red. Even her skin looked healthy when it wasn't toned down from the awful browns and creams her father insisted she wear.

"What a difference," Nancy said from the doorway.

Emma turned and smiled, twirling around. "Isn't it lovely?" she asked.

Nancy nodded, smiling brightly. "I knew it would fit you," she said. "You really are the spitting image of your mother."

Emma laughed softly. "I remember my mother being stunning but that was a little girl's memory of her mother. I'm definitely not stunning. Maybe a little pretty in this dress though," she said optimistically.

Nancy smothered her objection and held out a box. "I thought these might come in handy," she said. "I hope they fit."

Emma opened the box and found a pair of white pumps that looked almost brand new. "Where did you get these?" she asked, slipping them on her feet. They were a little big but not bad.

"I bought them for a party a long time ago but never wore them. I'm glad they'll finally come to some use," she explained. "Would you like some lipstick?" she suggested.

Emma bit her lip, considering the guilty pleasure. "I don't really know," she said.

Nancy's smile broadened. "Come with me," she said.

Fifteen minutes later, Nancy turned Emma around to face her mirror in the servants' quarters. "What do you think?" she asked.

Emma was shocked at how different she looked. Nancy hadn't stopped at lipstick but had insisted on mascara and a touch of powder. She'd even loaned her a pair of tiny pearl earrings. "They aren't real, but they look pretty with your dress," she said.

Emma felt pretty. For the first time in her life, she actually felt pretty and feminine. On impulse, she turned to Nancy and gave her a hug. "Thank you for everything," she said.

Nancy seemed embarrassed, but pleased. "Just don't let your husband do the same thing to you that your father did all the time," she cautioned. "If you start out strong, maybe you'll be able to...." Nancy didn't finish.

But Emma understood and bit her lip, trying to come up with a plan to follow through on that very sage advice. "I'm going to try," she said.

Nancy nodded, suddenly feeling awkward. "Good. Well, I've got to go get the house cleaned up."

Emma was standing in the middle of the foyer when Jason arrived. He didn't even bother to knock but just strolled into the house, then stopped short when he caught sight of her.

If it weren't for the sparkling green eyes, Jason would have thought this was a new person standing in the entryway. She was stunningly beautiful and her incredible figure was wrapped up in a filmy, white dress that pushed her breasts up, then tucked in to her tiny waist before flaring out into a romantic looking skirt.

His eyes traveled upwards again, stopping on her mouth. Damn that mouth! He thought to himself. Where the hell did a woman have the right to that kind of a mouth?

"Nice dress," he grumbled.

Emma smiled, enjoying his perusal. "Thank you."

"Let's go," he said and turned towards the door again.

"Just a moment," she said and extended her hand. "Here, I didn't need this," she said and dropped the wad of cash he'd given her two days ago.

Jason looked down at the money and gritted his teeth. He stared after her as she walked daintily out to his waiting limousine. How the hell had she bought that dress if it wasn't with his money?

This was getting out of control, he thought. Two days ago, he'd had this all planned out. He'd marry the girl, get her pregnant and get the information he wanted. No problems, no complications. Now, it was turning out that each little moment with her was a complication.

He's spent the rest of the evening last night wondering what her lips would feel like. And wondering what it would be like to lose himself in her body, to mould her breasts with his hands, touch the small nipples which had hardened under that thin, horrible robe last night. Images of his body covering hers had disturbed his dreams last night and he didn't like it. He had never let a woman get to him. Why had she been so persistently in his thoughts since the first moment he'd met her?

Jason almost cursed under his breath as his body reacted to her lovely figure with those long, incredible legs visible only from her claves down. She was almost painfully slender, but lush in all the right places, he thought. As his eyes traveled upwards, he was shocked by his body's reaction to those damn rosebud lips of hers! Flashes of his dream came back to him about those lips and he wanted to just turn around and walk out of her house, leaving this witch behind.

Why did he care that she'd slept with so many other men? He'd never cared about the previous liaisons of his lovers, except to ensure that they were healthy. They could have slept with half the men in the city if he were attracted to them and he wouldn't have even blinked an eye.

This woman was different. Maybe it was because he'd been so far off at their initial meeting. He'd placed her in a different category of women. She'd been in the protect and fall in love category, plainly a hands off area. Even looking at her now, with the soft pink blush stealing over her features, adding color to that stunningly gorgeous face, she looked like the kind of woman a man would marry. Not him, of course. He wasn't ready to marry anyone, not in the market.

Until that bastard had floated his damn taunt.

Jason swore that if Edward's information about his father was inaccurate...he wasn't sure what he would do with his lovely, conspiring daughter.

"Did you sign the document?" he demanded gruffly.

Emma blinked, startled and uneasy. "Well, um....no."

"Why the hell not?"

Emma moved quickly but carefully to the small receiving room on the opposite side of the hallway from her father's office. She sifted through several documents that were splayed out over the ornate coffee table and found the prenuptial agreement his lawyer had sent over. "I'm sorry I didn't go through it. After I left your office, I was pretty upset. And then, after I'd decided to find some other way to find my mother, I didn't think reading this was necessary."

He rolled his eyes and shook his head. "You can't sign something without reading it, Emma. Didn't your father teach you anything?"

She glanced down, ashamed that she'd been so distracted after his visit last night that she hadn't even thought about this legal document. "Perhaps you could explain what's in it?"

Jason ran a hand through his hair. The agreement wasn't bad, but he knew that she needed legal advice from an uninterested party. He glanced at his watch, then pulled out his phone. "Marshal, we're going to be delayed. Probably by a few hours. I'll call you when we're on the way."

"Come along," he snapped and headed out the door. When he noticed she wasn't following him, he looked back and glared at her. "What's wrong?"

Emma had had enough! This man was rude and inconsiderate, ordering her all over the place and she was just sick of it. "Perhaps if you explained where we are going, I might be more inclined to follow. But please don't interpret my inexperience with stupidity, Mr. Montenegro. I refuse to....follow like a pathetic puppy. If you would like my company on whatever excursion you have in mind, perhaps you could inform me of our destination. I'll then consider your suggestion and will decide if it suits my needs as well."

Jason's mouth almost fell open at her little speech. He could tell that she was terrified of him, her whole body shivering in fear and yet she still was standing up to him as if she were a school teacher speaking to a misbehaving student. He was towering over her but he had to give her points, not only for courage, but also for elegance and diction.

Okay, he acquiesced, she was actually quite magnificent. He didn't know of a man or woman who had stood up to him quite so eloquently. Hell, he couldn't remember anyone standing up to him recently.

"Well put, Ms. Mason." He almost chuckled at her blazing eyes. "I was going to take you to a lawyer's office so you can review this document before signing it. As a businessman, I cannot let you sign anything without having you review it and understand it."

She thought about that for a split second, then sighed, knowing that he was doing the right thing. It would be so much easier for her if he would stick to a bad guy or a good guy. She was just too confused by his changed and not sure what is triggering one way or the other.

"That's very considerate of you, Mr. Montenegro," she said, her tone barely above a whisper.

She wasn't looking at his face or she would have seen the irritation crease his forehead. "At the risk of sounding tyrannical again, I must insist that you call me Jason. I find it too awkward to be heading towards our wedding ceremony when not on a first name basis."

She actually smiled at that, despite her queasy stomach. "I suppose the person officiating at the ceremony might think it slightly odd, wouldn't he?"

Jason's irritation increased as she looked up at him through lose ridiculously long eye lashes. The knockout figure, the shy glances, the soft blushes...yes, he could see how this temptress could seduce a room full of people.

He moved closer. "Emma, we need to get one thing straight," he almost growled. "There are actually two things. First of all, I refuse to allow my wife's name to be attached to any other man in any context that could be construed by the media as salacious. Do you understand?"

Emma bit her lower lip and blinked at his hard tone. What had provoked this outburst? She'd just been standing here agreeing with the man! "I don't feel that your comment is warranted, but yes, I agree that any kind of embarrassing rumors that include the opposite gender should be avoided."

He almost chuckled at her avoidance of the word "sex". She was cute, he'd give her that. And was she always this formal? She stood stiffly in front of him, her head bowed except when she was indignant. She certainly had the timid little mouse act down to a science. He'd been fooled, and it was extremely rare that he missed judging a person. He'd become an expert at reading people but this little beauty had thrown him off.

"Secondly, since the terms of this agreement are that I need to impregnate you, and a DNA test is required, I will not allow this process to be slowed down by you getting pregnant by another man's child. Do I make myself clear?"

She was horrified by his insinuation but was so embarrassed that he thought he needed to bring that sort of issue up, she couldn't even form a reply. Memories of her father's tirades flashed through her mind and accusations of sleeping with just about any man she'd come into contact with were still fresh and painful.

She stood up to her full height, her chin jutting out defensively. "I can guarantee questions of the parentage of any child conceived through our efforts will not be in question."

She hadn't said that she wouldn't sleep with other men, just that the child's parentage wouldn't be in question. He'd like to know how she was going to guarantee that, but he'd just have to put a guard on her to ensure that she wasn't sleeping around during the period when they were trying to conceive.

With that, he stepped away and walked quickly to the waiting limousine, not even waiting for her. Emma took a deep breath and followed him, wishing she could run back into the house and hide. But her hiding days were over. This was her new life and she needed to face up to the challenges, not run from them.

Two hours later, she stood next to Jason in a judge's chambers. The Judge's two assistants were acting as their witnesses and Jason stood beside her, not even taking her hand while his friend started the ceremony.

There was no mention of God, no prayers to lay upon them or blessings of the union. It was a simple ceremony, finished within five minutes of their arrival. At the end, the judge smiled broadly and finally announced the part Emma had been dreading ever since she'd thought about it.

The kiss!

The judge chuckled and looked up at Jason. "You man kiss the bride," he said, encouraging Jason to turn and face Emma to put the seal on the marriage.

Jason wished he could knock his friend's teeth out. He'd asked Todd Jeffrey's, a judge in the criminal court system and a personal friend of Jason's, to officiate at the ceremony. Todd wasn't one to spread gossip but he also wasn't one to let an opportunity pass. He just had no idea that Jason's new bride had been shivering from the moment they'd stepped out of the lawyer's office and he could feel her shaking increase now that he was about to kiss her.

He took her hands in his, squeezing her freezing cold fingers for encouragement. He didn't want her to be frightened, but he couldn't seem to reassure her. Why she was nervous anyway, he had no idea. Maybe it was just because it was the first time a man had touched her with the eyes of the law on her side. Or maybe she just didn't like an audience.

Either way, he didn't care. He was going to kiss those full, red lips. He was finally going to taste their sweetness and know their softness. He'd been dreaming about them at night, thinking about them during meetings and there was no way in hell she was getting out of this part of the ceremony, audience or not.

Just a short kiss, something to ease his curiosity and they'd be on their way. Jason pulled her closer, noting that she was stiff and looking as if she were terrified of what he was about to do. He wanted to assure her that it was only a kiss. And it would be short at that. But he couldn't do it, couldn't say the words. At some level, he knew the words would be a lie and he didn't want to start off their relationship, as odd as it was already, with a lie.

He pulled her that last little ways, then pulled her hands higher, placing them on his shoulder. His hands then moved down her body, settling on her slender waist. Damn, but she was thin! Too thin, he thought with a groan as he lowered his head. Closer and closer, he watched her eyes as he bent over her. She turned her face up to his and it was as if the moment were in slow motion. He was making too big a deal of this kiss, he told himself.

And then their lips touched, her breath came out of her, sweet and soft and he couldn't resist tasting her. Deepening the kiss, he moved her closer, pulling her against him, feeling her soft breasts against his chest. As soon as he felt her lips, felt the soft, barely there quiver, that was the end of the control he'd been able to maintain. He pulled her closer, deepening the kiss, his mouth moving over her soft lips, caressing and teasing, nipping at her lower lip until she opened slightly for him. He bent lower, his mouth devouring her with the pleasure, the excitement that ripped through him.

Emma couldn't believe how wonderful kissing was. With this man, it wasn't the embarrassing situation, the fumbling trials she'd imagined her first kissing to be like. It was smooth and erotic, her body lifting into his, her mind shutting off and her lips moving closer, wanting more of him but not sure what would be appropriate. She imitated everything he was doing to her, wanting to learn, to feel and to know him. This might be their only kiss and, for some reason, she suddenly wanted to take advantage of the opportunity, to experience all that a kiss could be and Jason didn't disappoint. When he nibbled on her lower lip, she almost jumped but since his arms were around her, it just put her more securely in his arms.

She felt him pull her closer, his strong arms holding her while his mouth moved over her again and again, caressing her with those firm, sensuous lips that delivered everything she hoped a kiss could be.

The soft laughter to her left slowly filtered into her mind. She opened her eyes, looked up into Jason's and wondered what had just happened. He looked just as confused as she was but he pulled himself together faster and stepped back, leaving Emma feeling cold, bereft.

He tucked her hand into his arm, then turned to face his friend. "Thank you for your help," he said to the judge.

The other two women smiled broadly, obviously excited to be a party to such an important and secret wedding. Jason knew they were both chomping at the bit to rush out of here and sell the story to the press.

"I also appreciate your discretion," he added on, a message not directed to Todd because he knew his friend wouldn't reveal to anyone what had happened here this afternoon. The comment was for his assistants, a reminder that they didn't want to mess with him on this situation.

Todd immediately turned to both women, giving them a dark look. "No one will hear about this wedding until you're ready to post the issue at your leisure." Which meant that the papers wouldn't even be filed until Jason was ready for that to happen.

Emma bit her lower lip, her body trembling with reaction after that kiss and she missed most of the interaction between Jason and the other three occupants of the room. She wouldn't have cared either because she had no friends who would care if she were married or not. If she'd thought about it, she might have wondered if the announcement might have gotten word to her mother, who might want to approach Emma, but she was too confused, too shaken by the kiss to think about anything other than trying to recover.

Chapter 5

Emma sat outside Jason's office, her whole body blushing from the conversations she had prepared all morning to discuss with him. She couldn't believe she was this bold, but she had no choice. She needed that diary! Her mother's clothes and jewelry gave her no clues to where her mother might be. Her wretched father must have known that! He'd only taunted her with the storage room filled with her forgotten clothes and costume jewelry and he'd known it. She could even picture him where she thought he was now, with flames leaping up around him and someone even poking him in the sides with a stick. At least she hoped someone was poking him with something! But even in Hell, she could see her father laughing at her, knowing she'd gone into that room with such high hopes and dreams of finding the one person who had genuinely cared for her.

Emma didn't believe any of the stories her father had told her about her mother's infidelity. Having been the recipient of so many of his tirades about her lack of morals and how she'd come on to every man, even a guy she passed while walking to the grocery store! No, she didn't believe any of it. She'd been hurt when her mother had left. Devastated even. But when she'd reached her teen years and had gone off to school, she'd finally understood why her mother had left. The absence of the taunts and lectures, the yelling and demeaning accusations was euphoric!

But now, sitting in the formal, ultra modern waiting area of Montenegro Industries, she almost felt sick at what she'd have to discuss. She hadn't seen Jason since the wedding which had been several days ago. So she had no idea what to expect from him.

"Come on in, Emma," Jason said as he passed by the waiting area, heading towards his office.

As she followed behind him, she wondered if Jason would notice the different outfit she'd worn. She and Nancy had worked so hard to get rid of the excess fabric, to make it look like something a person her age would wear. It was still conservative, and Emma longed for the fashionable clothes she saw others wearing on the streets, but she didn't have the money to buy those things. Yet! Hopefully, Jason would assist her with that problem as well.

Jason sat down behind his large, wooden desk, waved to a painful looking black leather chair positioned in front of the desk, indicating that she should sit down.

"What's on your mind?" Jason asked when she was finally settled. After that kiss at the wedding, he'd had to stay away from her. He wasn't sure what had happened, but the lust that had shot through him at her soft, tender lips, that tentative touch, it had taken him this long just to calm his body down.

Unfortunately, even now, as she perched on the edge of the chair with a file folder primly sitting on her lap and her face blushing like she'd just ran naked across the school auditorium and been caught, his body was reacting once again. That damn show of innocence had to be the allure, he thought.

"Emma?" he prompted when she still didn't speak. With a sigh, he leaned forward. "Emma, I have another meeting in ten minutes. Either tell me what you came here to discuss or get out. I don't have time for your games."

Her eyes swung up to glare back at him, furious that he would call her meeting a game. "I need to get pregnant!" she almost shouted out. When she realized what she'd done, she gasped and put her hand to her forehead, trying to calm down. "That is to say, I really need to fulfill the terms of the contract. And since you are the only person who can do that, I would be sincerely grateful for your assistance to....speed things along." She couldn't believe she'd spoken so freely about a subject that was painfully embarrassing.

Jason almost laughed out loud. She needed sex? He'd never really been propositioned so eloquently before, and what's more astonishing is that he knew he was going to follow through. The bastard really had him cornered. "When was your last period?" he demanded.

Emma gasped and looked down once again. "Um....well, that is to say..." Goodness! She knew she had to do this, and she'd finally done her research and understood why he needed to find out that information, but did he really have to be so blunt?

"Emma, don't fool around. I'm down to eight minutes. Either tell me, or get to a doctor and have him give me the most optimum time to get you pregnant. We need to be expeditious about this and your cute little blushes won't help."

Emma cleared her throat and nodded. "Yes. You're absolutely correct. I apologize for being..." she thought back to his statement and remembered his word, "non-expeditious but bear with me since this is the first time I've actually contemplated trying to get pregnant."

"We're both in the same boat there, Emma. My encounters to date have been about avoiding that outcome so I'm working on mentally bracing for this event myself. But I have priorities so we need to go about this properly."

She cringed at the implication that any child born from this effort would be only an "outcome". "If you wouldn't mind, we're going to have a baby. Not an 'outcome'. I know that you're not generally the fatherly type, but having a child is still a wonderful thing," she said softly. "We shouldn't be so cavalier about this."

"Quite right," he said with a grimace. "Your period?" he prompted again, glancing at his watch.

Emma ignored the painful blush and stared at her hands. "The first day of my last period was on the eighteenth."

Jason glanced down at the calendar on his computer and raised an eyebrow. "So you're at your peak fertility in two days' time. Correct?"

She could only nod. She stood up and handed him a piece of paper. "Here's an address where we can....conceive,' she said awkwardly, remembering the tour of the fertility clinic. She'd even been shown the room where the men would be sent to provide the male half of the donation, along with all the magazines and movies that would....stimulate...a man's interest so that he can attend to his business even in a clinical setting.

"What's this?" he demanded, noting the address on the paper.

She sighed and stared at her fingers again. "It's a place where...." A lump formed in her throat at the thought of conceiving a son...or even a daughter... "we can combine both of our donations to better insure the desired outcome," she finally said and looked out the window.

"I see," he said, assuming she meant to meet him in a hotel room. It was probably some upscale suite where she'd get all her flowers and champagne, something to remember the conception with. "When would you like this to happen?"

Emma cleared her throat and twisted her fingers. "Well, if you could cooperate a day before peak fertility, that would give time for the....activities to happen after the fact," she explained, thinking of how the doctors would need to put the sperm and eggs together in a dish to ensure fertilization. She now knew so much more about the whole process than she'd ever wanted to know. She'd always pictured conceiving of her children with a loving husband, in a bed, perhaps after a delicious dinner and lots of love and affection. Doing it this way, in a clinic with doctors helping with each step seemed...intrusive.

"Fine. Make an appointment with my assistant and she'll make sure I'm there," he said dismissively.

Emma breathed a sigh of relief. "That's great," she said and started to stand. But then she shook her head, mentally berating herself. "There's one other thing," she said softly.

"What's that?" he asked, already gathering up his papers, intent on heading down the hallway to his next meeting. Or more specifically, away from this woman and her soft charms, all of which he was ridiculously eager to sample. Knowing that he would be tasting her, probably tomorrow, and feeling all of her softness, was quickly making it hard for him to be able to stand. Much more of those thoughts, and he'd have to stay behind his desk for a while.

"I was just going to let you know that I'm going to find a job. I want to work," she explained. "Just until the baby arrives. And then I'll stay home with the baby, of course, but just until...well, we don't know how many cycles this procedure will take so....I wanted to gain some work experience."

Jason shook his head and stood up. "Whatever you want to do. A nanny will be able to take over after the baby is born anyway," he countered, not willing to allow a woman of her less than trustworthy morals to raise his son. He wasn't going to let her know that yet, but would spring it on her later. It was good that she wanted to work. Hiring a nanny would make the separation between mother and child easier. Or at least the influence would be minimized.

Emma smiled, her eyes lighting up brilliantly. "That's absolutely wonderful! Thank you so much!"

Jason watched with fascination as she stood up and walked out of his office. One would think he'd just given her the crown jewels instead of agreeing to let her work until the child was born. Not that he thought he had any right to tell her whether to work or not. It wasn't any of his business, although he suspected that he wouldn't really want his real wife to work. If things were different, if Emma really was as sweet an innocent as she appeared to be, Jason would be much more protective of her. He wouldn't want her in the work force, at some boss's mercy who might take advantage of her.

He knew he was being ridiculous because men in the work force were generally not focused on seducing and taking advantage of inexperienced women. Emma could take care of herself. One look from those sweet, gentle eyes or a hint of a blush, and any man who was trying to take advantage of her would find himself stuttering out an apology versus taking advantage of her.

He sighed and realized that he had to wait out going to his meeting after all. His body was still in the zone of impregnating his lovely, if promiscuous wife. Apparently, his mind didn't really have control over what his body wants.

Emma skipped happily out of Jason's office, her back straight and proud as she stood directly in front of his assistant's desk.

"Good morning, and I'm horribly sorry to bother you, but Jason mentioned I should work with you to get an appointment on his calendar."

The older woman looked up at Emma with kind eyes. "Of course. How can I help?"

Emma pulled the brochure to the fertility clinic out of her file folder. "Jason needs to be here in the next twenty-four hours," she explained.

Betty looked down at the brochure and almost laughed out loud. "You want me to schedule an appointment with Jason Montenegro at a fertility clinic?"

Emma nodded, blushing only a little this time since this woman seemed very kind. "Yes."

Betty put the brochure down and looked at the lovely woman with suspicion. "I think I'd better clear this with Mr. Montenegro first. What's your name?"

"I'm Emma...." She laughed slightly, "Montenegro. Wow, that's the first time I've actually said that out loud."

Betty just about dropped her pen. "You're his wife?" she gasped and quickly stood up.

"Yes. We were married a few days ago."

"Of course. I'm so sorry! Ms. Montenegro, please forgive me," she gasped and extended her hand. "I'm Betty, his personal assistant. Please call me if you need anything at all and I'm terribly sorry for making you wait out here instead of in Mr. Montenegro's office. It won't happen again."

Emma took the woman's hand gratefully, but looked confused. "Don't worry at all. I didn't mind sitting out here. And it would seem like a terrible invasion of Mr.....um, Jason's privacy if I went into his office without him."

Betty sighed with relief. She'd worked for other executives in the past and some of the wives had been more haughty than the men who paid their bills. "Thank you very much." She glanced down at the brochure again, then handed it back to Emma. "Here. We don't want to leave this laying around. I don't think Mr. Montenegro would appreciate others knowing about....this..." she said and smiled.

Emma agreed and slid the brochure into her file folder once again, not wanting to relinquish the information anyway. "You're absolutely correct. Does he have time on his calendar tomorrow?"

Betty glanced at her computer. "I will reschedule his meetings tomorrow to ensure that he's there. What time?"

Emma shook her head. "Oh, please, make it at Jason's convenience. I can be there anytime. Make it whenever it's easiest for you to reschedule all of his appointments. This is probably a huge burden to you but I'm very grateful for your help."

Betty flushed under Emma's praise and sympathy for all that it would require to shift around appointments on Jason's calendar. But then again, people made time for Jason, it wasn't the other way around so it wasn't as difficult. "Let's make it at ten o'clock in the morning, is that okay?" she asked.

Emma smiled. "That' would be perfect. I'll meet him there to introduce him to the doctors."

Betty set the appointment and sent the address to Jason's calendar as well as his chauffer's so they would both know where to go. "It's all set,' she said.

"Thank you very much!" she replied, then happily walked off to the elevators. As she stepped in to the elevator to descend to the lobby once again, she thought about how nice it was to meet kind, helpful people. What a difference!

Out in the street, she walked over to Tim and smiled as he held the door open. "Tim, I'm going to get a job!" and she ducked into the back seat.

Chapter 6

Jason looked out the window and saw the discreet name over the door. "Why are we stopping here?" he asked his driver, Tony who also seconded as a body guard when needed.

Tony turned in his seat. "This is the address Betty gave me. She said Emma gave it to her yesterday."

This wasn't a hotel, he thought with suspicion. He dropped the papers back into his folder and laid it beside him on the leather seat. "Fine," he growled, unusually irritated for a men about to have sex with a beautiful woman, he thought.

He walked through the doors and was instantly greeted by a man in a laboratory coat. "Mr. Montenegro?" he asked in hushed tones, pushing his glasses higher up on his nose. "I'm Doctor Fiori, the Director of our facility," he explained. "If you'll come this way?"

He started to go down the hallway and turned back to smile at Jason. "Normally I give these responsibilities to the nurses, but with someone of your stature and responsibilities, I thought it would be more appropriate to escort you through the process myself." He stopped at a door.

Jason saw Emma sitting in the hallway and she stood up as soon as she saw him. Her smile barely reached those lovely eyes and he detected a soft blush as she looked away but he had no idea what was going on.

"Here we are," Dr. Fiori was saying as he opened a door. "You have complete privacy, Mr. Montenegro. There are specimen cups here," he said, laying his hand on a metal tray, "and materials if you need any assistance," he explained, waving to an array of magazines and videos. "You can deposit your specimens here," and laid his hand on a window, "and there's a nurse waiting on the other side to collect it. Your wife will be inseminated as soon as we have your half. Any questions?"

Jason looked around, his mind about to explode as he realized that Emma hadn't booked a ritzy hotel room where she could romantically be impregnated. She'd gone to a fertility clinic! And here he was, being told to....deposit his specimens!"

Jason swept past the good doctor and stormed out of the room. With a swift arm, he grabbed Emma's hand and pulled her out of the chair where she'd been waiting and dragged her down the hallway.

"Jason! What's going on? Have you finished already?"

Jason stopped and looked down at his new wife's clearly confused features, astounded that she didn't seem to be laughing at him at all. And she thought it took only those few seconds that he'd been in the room to...provide his sample? Was she for real?

With a growl, he stepped so close she actually had to lean backwards. "Emma, when we make a baby, we're damned well not going to do it in a clinic where others are going to fertilize the eggs for us. We're going to do it in a bed, with me and you and no one watching or waiting. It's going to take a long time and you're going to enjoy every damn moment of it. And so will I because I'm going to take my time and make sure I know every part of your body before I make this child with you. And only when you're screaming out my name with your orgasm, will I then 'deposit my specimen'," he said with outrage and sarcasm.

Emma was leaning back, her hand reaching behind her to keep from falling onto the floor and her mouth forming an O of surprise while her eyes stared back at him with stunned shock.

A few moments later, a resounding sound of applause filled the silence and Jason looked up. He couldn't believe it, but he was currently surrounded by about ten women in various stages of pregnancy not to mention several who didn't appear to be pregnant at all but some had tears streaming down their cheeks. Nurses, doctors, even some men who didn't appear to work here and must be the fathers or husband, all were applauding and cheering his outburst.

Jason blinked at what a spectacle he'd made of himself. With a curse, he grabbed Emma's hand and pulled her out of the reception area and back into the bright, morning sunshine. He didn't stop until he was in his limousine and he jerked the door closed, ordering Tony to move!

"What are you doing?" Emma demanded, her mind whirling at the outburst in the reception area and the diminishing view of the clinic. In her mind, access to her mother's diary was also fading away. "We have to get pregnant, Jason! That's the only way we can find our parents!"

"We're damn well not getting pregnant in a clinic, Emma!" he growled back. "To my place, Tony!"

He turned to Emma who looked like she was going to argue and he raised his hand, demanding her silence. "Don't you dare argue with me about this, Emma!"

She sat there in the corner of the limousine, huddled in the corner with her arms closed across her as she tried to tamp down her panic. If they weren't doing this in a clinic, that could only mean he wanted to do this the old fashioned way. And she couldn't do it. There wasn't any way she could have sex with a stranger! Even if that stranger was her husband and he was incredibly handsome.

When the limousine pulled up in front of a lovely stone house surrounded by trees and flowering bushes, Emma was enchanted. "This is your house?" she asked as she stepped out of the car and walked around, absorbing all of the small details like the gazebo off to the side and the pretty fountain tucked away in a small, almost enclosed enclave.

"The previous owner liked the vegetation," he said as he walked up the stairs. "Let's go, Emma," he called back to her as she moved to investigate the fountain. He knew there were some sort of small statues hidden in the bushes which would probably take her hours to look at since some were hidden. He had an agenda and was ready, eager even, to accomplish the goal. He didn't want her lingering on the outside of the house, when he wanted her inside, in his bed.

It had been just over a week since he'd first met this woman but it felt like longer. Perhaps it was just the lust she inspired and since it had been interrupting his day, something he had never allowed to happen before, he was furious with her for breaking his concentration.

Emma looked from the bushes where she had just spotted something odd, to the man who was watching her closely. She wanted to ignore the man, knowing that the secret in the bushes was much safer. But something in his eyes told her not to argue with him.

"We can't just...." She struggled as she stood one step above him, still not eye level, but at least not so small and helpless. "We can't just go at it with each other," she finally said, using a term she'd read in a book a long time ago.

"We're not going to 'just go at it' as you so quaintly put it," he replied with sarcasm. "Come inside and we'll have some lunch. My housekeeper has fixed us something to eat."

Emma bowed her head and considered ignoring his command. She didn't want to go into that house. She didn't want to even be near Jason. He was dangerous material, likely to make her combust and she had too many issues from living with her father for so many years. She didn't want to be what he said she was. She wanted to be the good, kind person she felt she was inside, but every time she got near Jason, she wanted to...do things. She wanted to touch him, to smell his scent and feel his arms around her. Among other things that she didn't dare even define in her head.

"Do I have to carry you, Emma?" he said with soft, implacable authority.

Emma refused to be treated like a child. Raising her chin with all the self-worth she could muster, she turned and slowly followed him into his lovely house.

He led her through to the back where his housekeeper explained that she'd set up lunch on the back patio. As Emma traveled through the house, she tried to peer inside the various rooms, but he was moving too quickly so she didn't get a good look, just impressions of various rooms. One contained a very large grand piano and she wondered who played. She couldn't see Jason, the masterful, dominating, incredibly masculine man playing an instrument, although he definitely had the fingers for it.

"What's wrong?" he demanded when he spun around and caught her blushing.

Emma startled and looked away. "Nothing. Why are you so angry all the time?"

"Perhaps because I'm trapped into this relationship which goes against every fiber of my being."

"I'm just as trapped. My father was a bastard who manipulated peoples' emotions however he could. So please don't put me in that category. I'm different and I don't appreciate you treating me so disdainfully."

"You don't think you're the same?" he asked as he poured white wine into both of their glasses.

She shook her head and picked up the glass of water, ignoring the wine he'd just poured for her. "I don't believe I am, no."

"You don't think you've manipulated my emotions with your looks that scream innocent when we both know that there's nothing innocent about you."

Emma was grateful for the cool water and blinked back the tears that suddenly formed in her eyes. She would not cry, she told herself sternly. Her father had made those kinds of accusations to her so often, all of them groundless because of his insane perceptions of her interactions with anyone outside of the house.

She'd thought she'd escaped.

Now she knew that she'd gone from one kind of hell to another. This man, this handsome, attractive, powerful and brilliant man also thought of her as a whore.

"What is it about me that makes people think things like that?" she asked bravely, looking off to the left but not seeing the incredible views of the village and hillsides laid out below.

"Perhaps it's the number of men you've taken as lovers?"

She laughed, her voice harsh. "My father spoke to you, didn't he?"

The housekeeper arrived and placed two plates in front of each of them, but Emma couldn't eat. She'd been so worried about this morning and hadn't had any breakfast, and now, with Jason's eyes glaring at her and his words breaking through her heart, she couldn't eat any lunch. At this rate, she'd be too thin in just a matter of weeks. She couldn't afford to miss meals like this, but her stomach rebelled at the idea of eating any kind of food, knowing it would come back up in a more undignified manner.

"Your father laid out the names of your previous lovers in the letter he left for me after his death. It was part of his final retribution for me beating him, to have you for a wife."

She blinked, more hurt than she wanted to admit. "Am I such an awful person?" she asked.

"That depends," he replied, fighting to ignore the tears that actually made her eyes sparkle and change color. "Are you going to sleep with my whole staff? Or will you be content with me alone?"

"I've never slept with anyone," she replied and set her water glass down. "But you're not going to believe me, are you? So let's just get this over with, shall we?" she suggested and stood up, not even glancing down at the food in front of her.

"Get it over with? What are you trying to pull?" he demanded, looking up at the angry goddess before him.

"I need a baby. And I want to have a baby. Since it has to be yours, then by all means, let's just do this and see if we can conceive today. If not, we can always try again next month."

Emma couldn't believe the words that were coming out of her mouth. She was terrified that he would take her up on the offer but also terrified that he would refuse her offer. Her father had really cornered both of them, so what choice did they have?

"I'll just find your room and freshen up," she said when he continued to stare at her in that odd way.

She turned on her heel and headed back inside. Once she was in the living room, she really had no idea where to go. The house was beautiful, but extremely large. She couldn't even guess how many bedrooms there were much less other rooms. She headed back the way she'd come and searched for the staircase and was impressed when she came to the long, circular stairs. On the second floor, she stumbled. At the top, she could turn to the right or the left. And if the truth were told, she'd suddenly lost her nerve. She didn't want to find his bedroom, wanted to simply run out the front door and never stop.

Jason had other plans though. As she stood there, he came bounding up the stairs two at a time to find her at the top. Looking down at her, he smiled slightly. "You're either lost, or you're wondering what you've gotten yourself into," he said as he watched her green eyes blinking with nerves. "Or maybe a bit of both?"

She bit her lower lip and nodded her head. "I'm sorry. That was brazen of me, but I..."

He stopped her from explaining by simply kissing her lips, taking control of the situation in a way that made her stomach muscles clench with that sudden crazy feeling.

As that warmth invaded her body, her arms crept up his chest and her fingers rested nervously on both of his broad shoulders while he continued to kiss her. Emma had no idea how to kiss since she'd never done it with any other man before their wedding. So instead of acting like the ninny she was, she imitated everything he did. When he bit her lower lip, she jumped but her hand moved down to cup his jaw and she tentatively did the same thing back to him. When he reacted by tightening his arms around her waist, she pulled herself closer, wrapping her arms around his neck and lifting herself up on her toes to hold him closer.

Jason bent down and picked her up in his arms, amazed that she barely weighed anything at all. He quickly carried her down the hallway and kicked the door closed with his foot before bringing her over to his bed.

While he carried her, he stopped kissing her and all her nervousness came rushing back. So when he set her back down, she started to pull away, but knew that was the wrong thing to do. Telling herself to do exactly the opposite of her instincts, she moved closer to his strong body.

When he reached behind her to unzip her jumper, she flinched, then moaned as his hand sent shivers down her back. He didn't stop until she was shaking again, then his hands moved back up her back, and down again. She closed her eyes, shocked that someone touching her back could feel so enormously wonderful. Her whole body was on fire now and she clenched the front of his shirt to keep herself upright.

When his fingers found her bare skin underneath her turtleneck shirt, she gasped in surprise at how hot his fingers felt and her eyes looked up at his, only to find him watching her carefully. Thankfully, the look in his eyes was just as hot as she felt so the moment when her self-consciousness would have surfaced, it was stopped and changed into desire, and feminine power that she'd like to exert.

Her fingers followed his, pulling his shirt out of the waistband of his slacks, then her fingers slipping underneath. When she felt his sharp intake of breath, she felt her body's reaction right down to the core of her. The shooting, incredible desire she was feeling now made her smile with joy and pleasure and he was still moving his fingers around.

Jason didn't like the amusement she had on her face at his expense. No, this woman wouldn't get the best of him, he told himself. She was using all her whiles to make him lose control but he wouldn't give that to her. Pulling the shirt over her head, he tossed it off to the side. When he looked down, he couldn't believe how incredible she looked. She was wearing just a simple white cotton bra, but her breasts were perfectly shaped, wonderfully pert and, as his hand cupped their fullness, he was surprised at how much larger they were. He quickly discarded her bra and felt their fullness without the restriction, his thumb and fingers caressing the tender skin, watching with fascination as her nipples hardened to a peak as he caressed and familiarized himself with their weight and texture.

Gone were his plans to control this situation. All that was in him now was a need to possess, to find out more about her. Her breasts were perfect, rounded at the bottom but turned up slightly, as if they were begging for his mouth. He obliged and bent down to taste their perfect peaks. His tongue swirled around the tender skin and he didn't even feel her fingers in his hair, pulling at his scalp. In the back of his mind, he knew that she was making those sexy little sounds, but right now, all he wanted was to taste her breasts, then move lower, to see if the skin on her stomach was really as soft as it looked.

She had very little body fat, he realized and her stomach actually curved inward. But his mind was too distracted to think of her health at the moment. He wanted to find another spot that would give him those sounds again. He moved back up to her breasts, then back down, finding another spot on her rib cage. Interesting, he thought with a smile, then moved farther down her body.

Suddenly, he stood up and lifted her into his arms, laying her in the middle of his massive bed. He quickly divested her of those horrible black stockings, bringing her underwear with them as he tossed her remaining clothing behind him. Staring down at her, he couldn't believe how perfectly formed she was. There wasn't much fat on her, but those legs were long and lean, with sexy calves and elegant thighs. Thighs that he wanted to explore just as much as he wanted that stomach, he thought. With a grin, he traveled up her leg, starting at the arch of her foot and was rewarded with a jerk of her leg and more of that cute mewling sound he was beginning to find himself addicted to.

He almost laughed when he found another spot on the back of her leg, kissing and nuzzling there until she pulled away from him suddenly. He grabbed her leg, not allowing her to move too far. With a hand at each of her ankles, he pulled her right back towards him. He didn't see the terrified look in her eyes, but when she refused to open her legs to his exploring mouth, he could only chuckle at her reticence.

"Fine, but I'll get there later," he promised, moving back up her body, nibbling on her hip bone, her stomach, kissing that sweet, beautiful spot right above her pubic hair that told him that she was ready for him. He could smell her arousal and the scent of her created a throbbing need in him that he could no longer avoid. With a swift movement, he stood up next to the bed and divested himself of his clothes, then came back up, looking at her body, her legs as they refused to open for him but he simply smiled and shook his head as he laid down beside her.

His hand moved along her hip, tickling her skin while his mouth moved back to her breast, teasing with both his hands and his mouth and he could feel the resistance come out of her body as he erotically assaulted her from both angles. When he felt her legs move against his hand, felt her muscles relax, he moved in, shifting his weight over her.

With one hand, he lifted her knee so it was resting against his hip while he found her heat with his erection. Probing gently, he closed his eyes with the wetness, her hot body closing around him and he pushed into her, gritting his teeth at how tight she was. And when she lifted her hips upwards, pressing against him, he almost lost the battle for control. But no! She wasn't going to make him lose it, he thought yet again and took several deep breaths to try and remain calm. But then her hands lifted and he felt her fingers against his bare chest. That tender touch, her tentative, soft fingers curling in his chest hair was his undoing. He couldn't help it when he pushed harder, filling her up and growling when he felt her completely close around him. There was only a small amount of resistance and he opened his eyes, pushing harder so she could take all of him and she gasped, cringing in pain and closing her eyes.

Jason froze. He couldn't move as he looked down at their connected bodies. He was now buried inside her but there was something wrong. She wasn't feeling pleasure anymore. She was actually crying? He'd never had a woman cry on him before. And what had just happened?

Damn! Emma Mason was a virgin! She hadn't slept with all those men her father had accused her of and he just roughly gave her an introduction to sex! He could have been more gentle, more considerate and instead, he'd pushed into her tight heat and made her cry!

"Emma, don't," he said roughly, feeling like a complete ass, not only for hurting her but also because he still wanted desperately to bury himself deeper inside her. He wanted to lose himself in her softness and hear her cry out as she climaxed around him as well. These conflicting emotions didn't sit well with him. He wasn't the emotional type, he reminded himself. His ex-lovers had complained about his lack of emotional connection and here he was, trying to make love to a woman while at the same time ease her sadness, not doing a very good job of either at the moment.

She reached up with one hand, gently holding his shoulder as she tried to shift her hips to make herself more comfortable. Unfortunately, that shift did things to him that he shouldn't want. Not right now.

"Emma, I'm sorry. I didn't know."

She forced a nod and smiled tentatively up at him. "I understand. But..." she shifted again and Jason gritted his teeth tightly, "if you wouldn't mind, are you....finished? I know that some women just don't...you know...enjoy this part of the activity and I guess..."

He covered her mouth with his hands, his chest constricting painfully. "Stop, Emma. You're going to be fine." If he could ever get her past this pain, he thought to himself with grim determination. "Just hang on and let me know when you don't feel the pain any longer."

She bit her lower lip in that cute, endearing way and his eyes followed her movement. "Don't do that, Emma," he growled and bent down to tenderly touch her lips with his, forcing her teeth to release her lower lip.

"Why?"

He chuckled and rolled his eyes. "Because it turns me on and I'm working extremely hard at not moving inside you until you feel better but if you continue to look at me that way, I'm not going to be responsible for my actions."

She started to bite her lip, then stopped. Her eyes moved to his and her hands gripped his shoulders. "Okay. I can do this," she said.

Jason almost laughed at her grim determination. He couldn't believe how cute she was, and yet still so sexy he wanted to lift her into his arms and do all sorts of naughty things to her delectable body. "Tell me to stop if anything hurts," he commanded and moved just ever so slightly.

Emma was startled when he moved. Even the small movement sent a thrill up her body and caused a gasp to escape from her lips.

"Better?" he asked and watched as he moved again, experimenting slightly.

She shifted again and Jason moved his hands down to her hips, keeping her still. "Don't move like that!" he ground out.

"Why?" she asked softly and did it again despite his hand trying to hold her still.

"Because..."

"It feels much better when I move, Jason," she said as he moved inside her. "Yes," she sighed. "Just like that."

Jason wasn't immune to her movements or the blissful expression on her lovely features. He moved again, judging how sore she was and, when she didn't have a problem, he moved more, sliding farther out, then coming all the way back in.

Emma held on more tightly, her mouth falling open as she lifted her legs and was surprised when the feelings increased. She also liked the way Jason groaned so she moved again, taking him deeper.

Within moments, Jason was back in control, his hands moving her hips higher, his body pressing carefully into hers and increasing the pace, judging her response by the way her face moved. He was holding onto his control with a very fine thread, not sure how much longer he had so he reached down with his hand and caressed her gently. Initially she tried to pull his hand away but he wasn't having any of that. He moved against her, pressing his fingers against her swollen flesh and increased the pressure depending on those sounds she was making, driving him even harder to the edge the louder she got.

He thought that her climax had to be the most incredible experience he'd ever had and strove to go longer, make to just a bit better for her. But in the end, he drove into her, finding his own release and couldn't hold back any longer as her orgasm throbbed around him, bringing him along with her.

A long time later, when his breathing was finally back to a somewhat normal pace, Jason pulled her close, not sure why she was stiff again. He'd have to talk to her about that, he thought a moment before he fell asleep with his arm holding her against him. The last thought he had before he succumbed to sleep was that he'd always thought he didn't like women touching him after sex but his arm tightened, bringing her closer against him as he drifted off.

Emma waited patiently, praying that Jason would fall asleep. She need to get out of here, to run home and shower, change into new clothes and pretend that this had never happened.

Why had she liked this so much? She barely knew Jason and this was ridiculous to have enjoyed an intimate activity with a man with which she'd had three conversations. As soon as she felt him nod off, she slipped out of the bed and pulled her clothes on as quickly as possible. She'd call Tim and give him the address here. They were right in the heart of London so it wouldn't be hard for him to reach her quickly. She could even walk down to the end of the driveway to make it easier. Or maybe that was just her way of escaping?

Regardless, she pulled on her clothes, ignoring the sticky feeling from her first venture into sex, then walked back down to the main living area. She was lucky to find Jason's housekeeper and asked to make a phone call.

Thankfully, Tim was able to pick her up only ten minutes after she called and she slipped into the back seat of the vehicle and curled up around herself. "Just take me home, please, Tim." She couldn't even look him in the eyes, so ashamed of her behavior this afternoon.

At home, she showered thoroughly, but even the soap was against her since it felt so sensuous against her skin. She tossed it back into the soap dish and used a loofah to scrub her skin, wishing she could get the memory of Jason's touch out of her mind as easily.

She was sitting in the living room, just staring out the window when Nancy brought her a cup of tea. "Is everything okay, Emma?" she asked softly.

Emma blinked back her tears and nodded. "Yes. I think it's okay. Thank you very much for the tea. It will help a great deal," she lied and took the offered cup and saucer, pouring herself a cup even though she just wanted to ignore the world.

She sipped the tea and it actually did make her feel slightly better. At least it rejuvenated her a bit and helped her mind to start working.

Okay, so she enjoyed having sex with her husband. There were worse things, right? And it wasn't like she was going to go out and have sex with all the other men around. Jason really was extraordinary with his height and those dark eyes that revealed nothing but sent shivers all over her system.

Just because of one episode, that didn't mean she was fulfilling her father's expectations of her morals. She was decent, she told herself. Unemployed, living in a huge mausoleum and bored out of her head, but she wasn't amoral.

With a sigh, she set the now-empty cup onto the coffee table carefully, then sat back and looked out the window just as the first rain drops started to fall. She didn't hear the door open or close, nor did the heavy footsteps register in her mind as she continued to think through all the men she'd met lately, testing them out in her mind to see if she was remotely interested in having sex with any of them. Her father had told her so many times that she'd sleep with anyone she came into contact with if it weren't for his heavy hand and guidance. And even then, he knew she was a slut and wanted to screw every man she saw.

But really, Jason was the only man she'd come into contact with that she could think of as lover material. She accepted that she was attracted to him, but that didn't mean she was going to go overboard and sleep with him. This afternoon's activities were for one purpose and that was to get her mother's diary. She needed to conceive of a son before she could gain access so she was working towards a goal. A goal her father established. If he didn't think she was worthy, then he shouldn't have set up the marriage and conception conditions of the will.

"Where the hell did you go?" Jason demanded as soon as he walked into the living room where he found her huddled underneath a soft blanket, looking like someone had just run over her dog. He was angry but instantly regretted the harsh tone.

"What are you doing here?" she asked, her eyes wide with fear because, as soon as she'd seen him, she wanted him all over again. How could she be this wanton?

"I'm here because we had sex this afternoon, and when I woke up, you were no longer there. I want to know why you left," he said in what he thought was a very controlled and deliberate tone of voice. But even still, she shrank back against the cushions of the sofa and he ran a hand over his face in frustration. He wasn't sure how to handle her.

She was so timid, he thought. And he'd judged her correctly from the first, but hadn't listened to his instincts. He'd preferred to take the word of a man he knew to be a bastard and he'd probably ruined Emma's first experience at sex because of it. Damn! That man was a heartless son of a bitch!

"Emma, are you okay?" he asked, bending down near the sofa and trying to take her hand in his. But as soon as he touched her, she cringed away, her eyes pushing away from him to look anywhere but at him.

"I'm fine. Really."

"Why did you leave me?" he asked as gently as possible, trying to hide the anger he was feeling. Why he cared was also a mystery to him. He never allowed women into his house, preferring to meet in their homes so that he could leave once they were finished. He had never slept with a woman before and he was more than a little irritated when he found one woman he....well, he liked having her curled up next to him. His first thought when he'd opened his eyes earlier was to pull her back into his arms and repeat the whole, more than enjoyable process all over again. But she hadn't been there. Nor had she been anywhere in the house. It wasn't until he'd spoken with his housekeeper and interrogated her that he found out that Emma had called her driver and been picked up an hour earlier.

"What's wrong then?" he asked, his thumb reaching up and wiping a tear from her cheek. "Did I hurt you?"

She shook her head, then shrugged. "Well, no, not...yes, but only initially," she mumbled out with embarrassment.

"Can you tell me what you're thinking?" he asked gently.

Emma wanted so badly to just curl up in his lap and sob out her sorrow, to explain to him that she wasn't a whore, that she had enjoyed their time together way too much but that it didn't mean she was a bad person inside.

But looking at Jason, she didn't think he was the kind of man who would want a woman sobbing all over his shirt. He was tough and hard and didn't take anything from anyone in the business world. He was ruthless and cutthroat, according to her father. So crying to him would make her appear weak and inept.

So instead of asking him to reassure her, that she wasn't promiscuous by enjoying the attentions of her husband, even though she barely knew him, she sniffed and blinked back the tears that were still threatening. Pasting a smile on her face, she shook her head and shrugged slightly. "There's nothing to talk about. I appreciate your...help this afternoon," she said for lack of a better word. "I'll let you know if we were successful in our endeavors."

Jason couldn't believe his ears. Was she really dismissing him after their afternoon together? Had she faked what had happened? Everything inside him told him to stay and talk to her, find out why she was so stiff and formal, demand that the warm, wonderful and beautiful woman who had let herself go, who had fallen apart in his arms be returned. But she seemed so fragile right at the moment. He decided to give her a bit of space, to walk away and let her come to terms with their afternoon.

"We'll talk this weekend, okay?" he asked.

Emma nodded. At that point, she would have agreed to walk over hot coals if it meant that she was out of danger of throwing herself back into his arms again. "Thank you. Nancy will show you out," she said with a wobbly voice.

"I can see my way out, Emma. But we'll be in touch."

Emma watched with misery as Jason walked away. She bit her lower lip to keep herself from calling him back. When the front door closed behind him, she broke down, releasing all the pent up tears she'd been holding back since he'd walked into the room.

Several hours later, Nancy stood in the doorway. "How about some dinner?" she suggested hopefully. "Just something light?"

Emma smiled slightly but shook her head. "Thank you, but I'm really not hungry right now."

Nancy hesitated, thinking to argue but after a hesitation, she nodded and walked away.

Emma pushed herself to get ready for bed, refusing to look at herself in the mirror. She tied her red hair back into a braid, hating the color today, well, and most days. Her father said that the color of her hair was an indication of her rebellious spirit and her bad core. Emma didn't understand that, but couldn't count the number of times she wished she had the money to dye her hair, just so he couldn't rail about how ugly it was or how it represented how bad she was. According to her father, God only gave Satan spawns red hair so they could go out into the world and seduce the men and create horrible children.

Sliding into bed that night, she prayed hard, asking God to forgive her for today. She didn't understand why she'd acted in that manner but she would try very hard not to do it again. And if she did, she wouldn't enjoy it, she promised.

As she pulled her pillow closer, she thought she heard a soft, gentle laugh. And in her mind, she pictured God shaking his head and pulling the sheet up higher over her shoulder. She was being silly and fanciful, but the thought of God looking down on her, despite all her errors today, was a comforting thought.

Chapter 7

"Emma, there's a gentleman on the phone for you," Nancy said as Emma searched through the newspaper. She'd been circling various help wanted advertisements, but she wasn't coming up with many options.

"Thank you, Nancy," she said and took the cordless phone from Nancy. "Hello?"

"Emma, why don't you have a cell phone?" Jason demanded by way of a greeting. "I shouldn't need to call you at the house when I need to reach you."

Emma wasn't sure what to say. Honesty, she though with a sigh. "My father didn't think it was necessary."

"And now that your father is gone?" He waited for a moment and then shook his head. "Emma, go get yourself a cell phone. It's safer when you're out doing whatever it is you do during the day, and it will allow me to reach you more easily."

Emma bit her lip, glad that he couldn't see her face. Closing her eyes, she shook her head in shame. "Jason, I don't have the money for a cell phone. Besides, I don't really go out and do anything besides walk to the library and back."

"You don't spend your days shopping for more of those hideous jumpers?" he asked and Emma had to laugh at the teasing tone in his voice.

"No. I'm pretty well stocked up on those hideous jumpers," she replied, laughing slightly at his apt description.

"I'll have someone send over a phone. And a credit card. This time, Emma, don't turn down my money."

She was thoroughly sick of following someone else's orders, but the thought of having her very own cell phone was a very nice surprise. Not that she had anyone to call.

"Anyway, that wasn't why I called you. I wanted to ask a favor."

"Of course," she said, sitting up taller in her chair. It was exciting to think that Jason, who never seemed to need anyone, was actually asking her for a favor! "How can I help?"

Jason almost laughed at her eager tone. He wished he were there so he could see her enchanting green eyes light up. Or maybe they wouldn't. He wasn't sure how she felt about socializing with others. It occurred to him that she seemed to be such a home body.

"I have an event tomorrow night. It's a charity function that I donate to and there's a fundraising dinner. Would you mind attending with me?" He actually had no idea why he was even thinking of going. He rarely attended these kinds of functions, preferring to simply have his office write a check. But it was the best idea he could come up with to be with Emma so he'd grabbed it. It would give him a chance to talk to her in a non-threatening environment.

"A fundraiser? Which charity?"

"Is that a yes?"

Emma smiled, her heart beating wildly at the thought of seeing Jason again. "Yes. Of course I'll help you."

"Great. I'll have my secretary send over the details. Do you have anything appropriate to wear?"

That hadn't occurred to her. "I don't think so. I'm sorry."

"Not a problem. Have your driver take you to Tandory's. It's on Westchester Street. Ask for Laura. She'll have all the information and will know what's appropriate. She'll get you ready."

"But...I don't have the money for any of that," she said, painfully aware of her poverty stricken state.

"Didn't your father give you an allowance?"

She sighed with humiliation. "No. He...uh...didn't think I needed any money."

"What do you do for income?"

"What do I need an income for?"

Jason was stunned. "Emma, what do you do for entertainment?"

"I go to the library."

"You don't go shopping or have any hobbies?"

"I read. A lot," she clarified.

"Anything else?"

Emma wished she could see his face to determine what he was thinking. It was hard to read one's tone through the phone. She needed to see a person's facial expressions to gauge their reactions.

"There are lots of things I've wanted to try..." she said hesitantly.

"Such as?"

Emma shrugged but knew he couldn't see her either. "I don't know. My father was pretty strict."

Jason hesitated, not sure why he even cared that this lovely woman had been basically kept in a bubble her whole life. "How is the job search going?"

Great! Another embarrassing subject. "Well, I don't really qualify for anything."

"I thought you went to University."

"I did. But I have no work experience. And my father signed me up for all of my classes. Unfortunately, I have a very expensive, very useless degree."

"So go back to school and take the classes you're interested in. Who is stopping you now?"

"There's that horrible little money issue cropping it's head up above the stone wall, isn't it?"

Jason laughed, but he didn't think it was funny that Emma thought of her hopes and dreams like a soldier sticking their head up over a stone wall, only to be shot down by her father's tyranny. It's yet another twist of the knife, the first wound was tearing into Emma's body, not knowing she was a virgin.

Would he ever understand what she'd gone through living with that bastard of a father? The image of a freckle faced young girl, running quietly down the hallway and hiding in a closet came to mind. Apparently, Emma was still hiding in closets.

"Emma, the credit card I'm sending over is for you to use however you want. Please don't hesitate to explore ideas. Will you do that for me?"

She couldn't believe he was giving her a credit card with carte blanche. No restrictions? The only time she'd ever held money was when her father had given her some cash for a very specific reason. Even in school, she'd had to write home asking him for funds if there was an event. And normally, she'd simply forgo the event because humans from the male gender would also be attending. She knew that her father would never allow her to attend so she hadn't asked.

"I can do that," she said but she could barely squeeze out the words.

"Good. Now that's settled. The cell phone and credit card will be there in about an hour. Go ahead and head over to Tandory's. I know Laura will help you. I'm instructing her to send you home with several outfits so that you will be ready in case there's something else you might help me with. Is that okay?"

"Yes. Absolutely," she said, excitement rushing through her at the idea of new outfits. Hopefully, they were more exciting that these ridiculous jumpers.

"Great. I'll pick you up tomorrow at seven o'clock. The event is a dinner, but I'd like to take you out for a drink before the dinner. By then, have a list of ten things you'd like to try doing. Okay?"

"Yes," she swallowed painfully. "I'll be ready. Seven o'clock."

Emma's mind whirled with the possibilities as she stood up and walked into the kitchen where Nancy was busy making a sandwich for lunch. "I know you're probably not hungry," she said, "but you haven't eaten since breakfast yesterday. So I'm going to insist that you eat something." Nancy stood there with the sandwich on a plate complete with freshly cut up fruit.

Emma looked down at the fancy plate and blinked. "That's lovely, Nancy," she said and took the plate. She didn't head into the dining room where she normally ate in opulent, but lonely splendor. She took the plate to the side table and sat down on one of the stools. "I was hoping you might help me with something."

"Of course," Nancy replied, wiping down the counters and putting things away. "What did you have in mind?"

"That's sort of the issue. I don't have anything in mind. And Jason wants me to come up with several hobbies I'd like to pursue. I don't even know what the possibilities are."

Nancy gazed at the lovely woman perched on the stool and her heart squeezed for the child who had been so emotionally abused throughout her young life. There had been so many times Nancy had wanted to leave but protecting this girl, now a woman, had kept her here. Nancy had ensured that there would always be a closet or cabinet with enough space to hide the little girl who needed to escape from her father's wrath. She hid anything that Emma might have left out, even though she'd been forbidden to clean up after her. There were so many little things she'd done, but maybe they'd all been too little. This young woman with the stunning face and a figure women would die to look like, had no idea what to do with her life now that her father had finally passed away.

No! She wouldn't give up. This woman has so much to live for!

"Well, you love reading. I think you've gone through most of the books in the library, haven't you?"

Emma laughed and nodded, taking a bite of her sandwich.

"Well, what about volunteering at the library? I noticed that you were circling possible jobs in the newspaper this morning but maybe if you had more experience, you could find something you sincerely enjoy. And volunteering is a perfect way to gain experience. It's extremely rare for someone to be turned down for a volunteer activity."

Emma's eyes widened. "Nancy, that's a wonderful idea!"

"And there's story times at the library. You could help read to the children, the ones that aren't in school yet. And since you know so much about the books, you could provide recommendations to others."

Emma's mind whirled with the possibilities. "I hadn't ever thought about that."

"You have more experience that you know, Emma. You just need help finding a way to develop your experience."

Emma laughed and put her sandwich down. She loved the idea of reading to the small children. She was normally at the library during story time and enjoyed watching the faces as the story unfolded. Being the one to read the words to all those adorable faces would be a joy!

"Okay. I'll do it. What else?"

Nancy laughed. "Eat! What about cooking? Do you like cooking or baking? I could teach you how to do both if you'd like."

"Cooking?" Emma looked around the kitchen, her eyes wide. "Would you really teach me how to cook?"

"Of course!" Nancy laughed again, really getting into the spirit of making a list for her charge to try out. "I love cooking and baking relaxes me. I'd enjoy passing that on."

"You're a marvelous cook, Nancy. I don't think I could ever match your expertise."

"You never know." She smiled with motherly affection. "What about animals? Do you like them?"

That stumped her. "I don't know. Father hated animals."

"What about horseback riding?"

Emma grimaced. "I don't know. Is it fun?"

Nancy laughed. "I have no idea. I can't afford to ride so you'll have to experience that on your own. Besides, I'm terrified of horses. They have big teeth."

"I have to come up with a list of ten things I'd like to try when I meet with Jason tomorrow. I'm helping him with a charity function tomorrow." Her eyes grew wide with a thought. "You don't think Jason will be like my father, do you?"

"What do you mean?"

Emma looked down at her hands, her fingers knotting together. "Father would become extremely...agitated if I looked at another man during one of the functions. I'd rather not attend if Jason would feel the same way."

Nancy shook her head. "Emma, I saw that man yesterday when he left. He isn't like your father." She didn't want to say anything bad about the deceased, but Edward Mason was a black-hearted bastard with no morals, a corrupt attitude and a meanness that was bone-marrow deep. The way he'd treated this lovely young woman was a crime, but she'd been unable to figure out how to make it stop.

"Jason isn't like your father. I guarantee it." And Nancy decided to ensure that her charge wouldn't have to endure anything like that again. Even if it meant losing her job.

"So you have five things. Library volunteer, reading volunteer, animals perhaps, horseback riding and cooking. What else interests you? What about classes your father wouldn't let you take in school?"

Emma's mind lit up. "He wouldn't let me take French, although I'd love to learn that beautiful language."

"What did he have against the French language?" she asked, dumbfounded that he would object to a whole language.

"He said it was a romantic language and I'd only be learning it to lure men into my web," she said, her eyes downcast.

Nancy covered her mouth to smother her laughter. That idea was so ludicrous, she actually snorted. "I apologize. That was inappropriate of me."

Emma released a laugh as well. "No, you're correct. It is ridiculous."

"Okay, so add learning French to the list. What else?"

Emma bit her lip and tried to think of other things that she'd been denied over the years. The first thing that came to mind was having friends, but she couldn't really admit that to Nancy. That just sounded too pathetic.

"I don't know. I'll have to think about it some more."

Tim came into the kitchen at that moment, standing at attention. "Excuse me, miss. I received a message that I'm to take you to a store. I have the address and am ready whenever you are."

Emma took another bite of her sandwich then stood up, smiling gratefully at Nancy. "Thank you so much for the sandwich and your help, Nancy. I'd better go. Jason needs me to find something to wear for tomorrow night. I really don't want to embarrass him."

Nancy shook her head as she stood up as well. "I doubt there's a chance that could happen, but go have fun choosing new dresses. I'll have dinner ready when you get back."

Emma almost skipped out of the kitchen, following Tim in his wake as he walked through the house to the front door where the car was waiting. He opened the car door for her and Emma smiled up at him. "Thank you very much Tim," she said and noticed his startled expression.

When she sat back, she wondered about Tim. Nancy was very friendly but Tim seemed much more reserved. She wondered if there was a way to win him over. Probably not, she thought. Her father's tirades about making passes at men were too instilled and she just couldn't summon the same amount of friendliness with Tim as she did with Nancy. It was sad though, because she actually considered Tim an ally in this messy game of life. He was always there for her wherever she went, never hesitating to open the door and wait at the library for as long as she needed. She thought he was a very kind gentleman, but he'd probably gotten too many lectures from her father as well over the years.

The store Tim drove her to was large but not one of those department stores that sold everything. And as soon as she walked in the door, a woman in her fifties, wearing a very stylish sheath dress stepped forward, a bright smile on her face. "I'm guessing you are Emma Mason, am I correct?" she asked.

Emma nodded, feeling frumpy in her child-like blue jumper and white turtleneck with boring navy blue flats and blue opaque tights.

"I heard from Mr. Montenegro that you need several evening gowns for some upcoming events. He also mentioned you might prefer some casual outfits?"

Emma thought hard about the casual outfits. Could she? Dare she? "That would be lovely," she said with a great deal of trepidation. "I'm sorry though, I don't have any sense of style, as you can see."

Laura smiled and waved her concerns aside. "Don't worry about that. With that gorgeous hair and your perfect figure, I am positive we can build you a wardrobe that you're comfortable wearing, but still feel feminine and magnificent. Are you ready?"

Emma released her breath and nodded. "Absolutely."

She followed Laura back to the dressing rooms where some clothes had already been assembled in anticipation of Emma's arrival. For more than two hours, Laura had Emma try on various dresses, slacks, sweaters and even shoes and underwear. By the time she was finished, Emma was exhausted and truly grateful for the tea that arrived in the dressing room as she was finishing up.

Laura laughed as Tim carried out the last of her purchases. "I think you've made a good start, Ms. Mason. I've included earrings and any kinds of accessories with each of your outfits, but if you don't like any of the items, feel free to bring them back and we'll work something else out. You really look terrific in those blue slacks and silk shirt."

Emma turned and looked at her reflection, still surprised at her appearance. She'd had no idea how small her waist was. Or that her breasts really did fill out the silk blouse nicely. She was almost embarrassed at how sexy she looked and turned away from the mirror. "You've been an enormous help. I really appreciate all you've done."

"Don't mention it. Mr. Montenegro will be pleased."

Emma certainly hoped so. She worried that her choices were too romantic, not sophisticated enough. She'd had no idea what her taste in clothes was until she started to make some choices. It was exciting and renewing, but she still worried at the cost of all she'd selected.

Tim drove her home and as soon as she walked in the door, she noticed the box sitting on the front hall table. Since it had her name on it, she picked it up and opened the box, feeling liberated when she found the sophisticated cell phone inside. She'd heard people talking about apps and various things that they loaded onto their cell phones, but she had no idea how to get any of those.

As she was looking at the phone, digging through the box to find some instructions, it started singing. She stared at it, seeing the lights pinging on the phone and the name "Jason" came up. But how did one answer the silly thing?

She pressed several buttons but nothing stopped the ringing, nor did it answer the phone. Eventually, it stopped but Emma had no idea if it stopped because she'd disconnected the call or if she'd done something wrong.

Another message appeared on the screen, letting her know that she had one voice mail. Ugh! How was she supposed to retrieve the message? She'd heard the other girls at boarding school and university talking about voice mail and the various text messages, but she'd never participated in the conversations, focusing all of her time on her studies. Perfect grades were her only option. Not cell phone knowledge. She knew Latin and Shakespeare, but had no clue how to listen to voice mail.

Nancy appeared suddenly in the hallway, the house phone in her hand. "Mr. Montenegro for you," she said and handed Emma the phone.

"Jason?" she answered, her voice small and worried. "Did I spend too much money on clothes?" she asked, her whole body cringing in fear.

Jason laughed and her stomach muscles relaxed slightly. "Emma, if anything, you probably didn't spend enough. I was calling to let you know that I had a cell phone delivered to your house."

"I know. I have it in my hand."

"Why didn't you answer when I called a moment ago?"

Emma sat down on the nearest chair, defeated. "Because I can't figure out how to do that."

There was a moment of stunned silence, then she heard Jason say, "Don't worry Emma. I'm on my way over. I'll show you how to use it."

He hung up and Emma's body tensed for a whole other reason. Jason was on his way? What was she going to do? She looked down at her slacks and silk blouse. What would he think of her new outfit? Would he like it? Or would he think the silk was too blatant? Her father had never allowed her to wear slacks because it showed off her legs too much but she didn't think these slacks with the elegant shape and tailored cut were bad.

In less time than she thought possible, the doorbell was ringing and Emma's nerves were frazzled. She'd seen him yesterday afternoon, but she'd been a basket case. She was better today, until now.

Facing Jason after yesterday's activities was possibly the hardest thing she'd ever done. But she took a deep breath and forced herself to answer the door. He stood on the front step looking absolutely gorgeous and so confident that it made her gawk in response.

"Are you going to invite me in?" he asked, amused at her shy expression. He'd seen women try that ruse on him before but it had never worked. On Emma, it looked endearing and he wanted to take her into his arms and kiss her.

So he did. He stepped forward and put his hands on her slender waist, bringing his lips gently to hers and testing to gauge her response. When her lips moved, he deepened the kiss ever so slightly, knowing that this woman wasn't one to be rushed. He even enjoyed the slow, tentative exploration, thinking how soft she felt under his hands.

After several moments, and before he lost his head and carried her up to her bedroom to make love to her, he pulled back and looked down into her soft, green eyes. "Hello,' he replied. "You look lovely in blue. The slacks are a huge improvement. I'll tell Laura to send over the same style in every color there is."

She gasped and shook her head. "You can't!"

"Why not?"

She slipped out of his arms and quickly closed the door, hugely embarrassed that some of her neighbors might have witnessed their embrace. "Because they were horribly expensive! I only took one pair," she said to justify wearing the sophisticated looking slacks.

He stepped forward and placed his hands on her hips, wanting to touch her and not letting her pull back. "Emma. The slacks look beautiful on you. Don't worry about the cost. I guarantee that I can afford it," he chuckled. "So show me your new cell phone and let's see if I can help you work through the issues you're having."

Emma pulled the phone out of her pocket, excited about learning a new skill. "Here's the phone. I'm not really sure how to answer it, much less turn it on and off."

Jason took her hand and led her into the living room, the only room he knew that she liked sitting in. He didn't understand why though. The room was dark and oppressive with heavy furniture, dark wood paneled walls and depressing art work. He switched on all the lights, even though the one large window was already letting in sunlight. For some reason, the light couldn't seem to penetrate the darkness of the room, even though the window was very large.

He sat down next to her and almost laughed out loud when she shifted away from him. He didn't let her get away with that though. He leaned towards her and showed her all the features of the phone. When she leaned in to hear him, he knew that she was concentrating on the phone and not how close he was, so he moved closer, enjoying the flowery scent of her hair and her skin.

Emma watched with fascination as Jason explained all the features but she had to admit that she was more focused on his heat and how close he was. She tried to move her leg away from his strong thigh, but he only shifted on the cushions, which caused her leg to be plastered against his. When he didn't seem to mind, she let her leg stay there, feeling warm. Hot even.

"So where's your computer?" he asked. "I'll show you how do download possibilities onto your phone."

Emma bit her lip and looked at her father's study. "I don't really have a computer."

Jason glanced to where her eyes had strayed and smothered a smile. "Emma, are you afraid to go into your father's study?" he asked softly.

Emma glanced once again to the doors that had been closed ever since her meeting with her father's solicitor. "Yes," she finally admitted.

"Why?"

"Because it was a place I'd never been before his death. It was a forbidden room. No one went in there except Nancy to clean it in the mornings before he came down for breakfast."

"It's your office now."

She immediately shook her head. "No. I don't want the office. I don't even want this house."

"Why not?"

She shrugged and stood up, crossing her arms over her stomach as if to protect herself. "I think because I hated being here. The only time I was happy was when I was away. Where my father couldn't yell at me."

"Are there any ghosts that could hurt you inside?"

She pulled her eyes away from the door and looked at him. "I don't know about ghosts, but it seems to me that a lifetime of fear goes a long way."

He stood up and took her hand, noticing that she was shivering. "Are you shaking because you know I'm going to pull you into your father's study? Or is it because I'm close to you and touching you and you like it?" he asked, moving closer to her so he was standing over her, looking down but barely an inch away from her.

She looked at the middle of his chest. A part of her wanted to step back, but a larger part wanted to move forward, to reach out and touch him, to see if he was still as warm as she remembered.

She didn't touch him, but her fingers itched to reach out to him.

"Let's go into his study, Emma."

"No."

He chuckled softly. "You're either going into his study or I'm taking you upstairs and making love to you again."

Her eyes shot up to his and she shuddered. "Why would you want to do that?"

He laughed again. "Maybe because you're lovely and I like the way you blush at the idea of having sex with me."

A small smile appeared on her face but it disappeared quickly. "We don't need to do that."

He sighed and rubbed his hands up and down her arms. "Need is a relative term, Emma. How about that I need to touch you and feel you again? Would that satisfy your puritanical ideas about right and wrong?"

She couldn't escape the laughter this time. "No, I don't think it would help me a great deal."

He took a deep breath, then let it out slowly. "How about if I convince you that one time might not have gotten you pregnant? That we really need to do it again to make sure that we got it right?"

She hiccupped her laughter that time. "You're pushing it there, aren't you?"

"Absolutely not. The odds of conception are only about fifteen to twenty-five percent each cycle. The more we work at it, the better our odds."

"I think you're grasping here."

He shrugged and pulled her into his arms. "What's your choice? Study or your bedroom?"

What a choice! "I don't think either of those are very good options for me."

"I don't know why. Both would give you pleasure, wouldn't they?"

She shied away from the both ideas. "No," she said and pulled out of his arms, backing up a step.

He was shocked by the change in her. She was no longer blushing, but her whole face, including her lips, had lost all color. "What happened, Emma?" he asked carefully. "One moment, you're laughing, the next you're freezing me out."

"I thought I was some sort of slut in your mind." She turned her back on him, unable to look him in the eyes.

"I admit that I read your father's letter and took it at face value instead of listening to my instincts which were telling me that you were pure and sweet and untainted. Does that help?"

"I'm not," she whispered.

"Excuse me?"

"You heard me. I'm not good. Not inside.'

"Who the hell told you that?" he demanded, moving towards her but stopped when she backed up a step.

"My father. All the time he told me that I was bad, that I was promiscuous. And other things."

Jason cursed under his breath, running a hand through his hair. "You're father was the biggest bastard I've ever known, and I've known some horrible people, Emma. Whatever he told you, push it out of your mind."

She grimaced. "Have you had dinner?" she asked softly, wanting to change the subject.

Jason wanted to question her, to find out what her father had said to her but he could tell that the subject was closed. "I'm sending you a computer tomorrow. And you'll have computer classes tomorrow morning with the head of my IT department. I'll make sure he understands that you're to understand everything he's telling you before he moves on. Believe me, he won't make you feel like an idiot or he'll be fired, Emma."

She was so grateful that he'd accepted the subject change that she happily agreed to the computer lessons.

"So I'll see you tomorrow night?" he asked softly and moved closer, watching carefully in case she moved away.

"Yes. I have a beautiful dress thanks to Laura.'

"Good. I'll pick you up at seven. We have a lot to discuss."

She didn't hesitate as he pulled her back into his arms. Initially, she was stiff and resistant but within moments, she was kissing him back, molding her body against his and showing him that she wasn't completely broken by their actions the previous night. He just had to continue the sensual onslaught he thought as he moved his hands up her waist. But slowly.

He pulled away and kissed her forehead, then turned and strode out of the house before his intentions to go slowly were thrown out the window and he carried her up the stairs and made love to her for the rest of the night.

Chapter 8

Emma looked at her figure in the mirror, worried that the dress was too tight or too colorful. Or just completely wrong!

"Nancy, are you sure this isn't too...outrageous?"

Nancy moved around the room, tidying up the clothes and shoes, the scissors and quickly sweeping up the hair that had fallen to the floor after she'd trimmed Emma's hair. "You look exceptionally beautiful, Emma," she said with pride. She'd trimmed about three inches off Emma's hair, then curled the ends, showing her how to use the hot rollers to soften the fiery tresses around her face. The sides were held back by two clips Emma had found in her mother's treasures that had been stored away and the style drew one's attention to Emma's eyes, making them larger, startlingly so.

After a little encouragement, Emma had agreed to mascara and lipstick and the woman was fidgeting as if she was about to go onstage in front of millions of people. "Stop worrying, Emma. You look incredible."

The doorbell rang and Emma picked up her clutch. "There's nothing I can do about it now, is there?" she asked.

"Not really," Nancy replied, smiling fondly. "You're going to have a fantastic time." She hesitated one moment then turned to face her fully. "Emma, I want you to listen to me carefully before you open that door."

Emma stopped and looked at her housekeeper. A woman she now considered to be a friend as well as an employee. "Okay. Shouldn't I answer the door first though?"

"No. You need to hear this and I'll say it quickly." She took a deep breath, then said, "Everything your father told you was a lie. He was a horrible man and you're not a slut, you're not a whore, you're not promiscuous and I know that you're a very kind person. He said those insulting things to you because he was a sick man. In the truest sense of the word, I believe he was literally not right in his mind. I think you should go out with that man you married and have a wonderful time, then take him to your bed and show him that you're a whole woman. All this nonsense about having sex only when procreating is wrong on so many levels and you need to finally find happiness. I think you can find that with Jason Montenegro, but only if you forget all those horrible things your father said." With that, she rushed out of the room, leaving Emma to stare at the place where she'd been in stunned silence.

Nancy must have let Jason into the house because she heard them speaking below her and she took a deep breath, her mind whirling with everything Nancy had said.

She carefully descended the stairs, gently putting her foot on each step in case she twisted her ankle. These shoes were higher than what she was used to, but she felt magnificent in them so she was determined to wear them no matter what.

And as she walked down the stairs, she knew she'd made the right choice because Jason was watching her take each step, his eyes caught on her feet, then slowly traveling up, taking it all in as his eyes moved up to her face.

"You look incredible," he said, his voice husky and his eyes dark with the desire he felt for her as she walked down in the sparkly dark green dress. The color made her skin look almost translucent while also bringing out the green in her eyes. The excitement added a soft bit of color to her high cheek bones.

"Thank you," she replied, blushing.

"Are you ready to go?"

"I guess so. I don't know what else I could do to prepare."

Nancy chuckled softly behind her and Emma smiled back at her. "I'll take your comments under advisement," she teased.

"Fair enough."

Jason was looking from one woman to the other, not sure about the conversational undertones but he was eager to get Emma out of the house and into his car. "Let's go then," he said and took her wrap and draped it over her shoulders.

Fifteen minutes later, Jason escorted her into the hotel bar. "What would you like to drink?" he asked.

"I'll just have some water,' she replied.

Jason turned to the waiter. "Bollinger please. And two glasses."

Emma looked up at the waiter, concerned that Bollinger isn't water. "What is that?"

"You're having champagne. At least a sip of it tonight. Live on the wild side. Just until you tell me your list of objectives or hobbies."

Emma shivered, wondering about his authoritative tone of voice. She wasn't sure why she liked it. Perhaps it was the confidence in him, or maybe he just forced her to do the things she wanted to do, but was too afraid to do. Either way, she accepted the preference.

She pulled the list out of her clutch and slid it across the table. The waiter quickly returned with the bottle and poured two tall glasses of the sparkling liquid, handing one to Emma first.

She took a tentative sip, then waited.

Jason raised one eyebrow and asked, "Were you expecting something to happen?" he asked as he took a longer sip, watching her over the rim of his glass.

She giggled and nodded. "Actually, I was waiting to dissipate into a cloud of dust for daring to drink alcohol."

"Another rule of your father's?" he suggested.

"Oh, yes. He guaranteed that alcohol would be the death of me. Apparently he was very wrong about that since I'm still here and not something the vacuum cleaner will sweep up after closing time." She leaned on her elbows, her face shining with glee.

"What else did he tell you?"

"Let's not talk about my father tonight. He wasn't one to have fun and I haven't felt this pretty, ever. So I don't want to ruin the night by talking about a man who was....not a nice person."

Jason looked down at her list, his eyebrows going up at some of the items. "You want to learn to ride? I would have thought a wealthy businessman would require his daughter to ride horses.'

"Nope. He thought it was obscene for women to have anything between their legs," she explained and took another sip of the sparkling wine.

Jason looked at her in stunned silence for a long moment, then threw back his head with laughter. Emma watched in fascination as he laughed, seeing his neck muscles move. She couldn't believe she was so fascinated by a man's laughter, but there it is. And the compulsion to make this man laugh more soared through her. The sound was scratchy, as if he rarely used those muscles and she suspected that he probably didn't. He had a great deal of responsibility and his reputation didn't indicate that he was a member of the old boy's network, which means that he probably does things the hard way.

Adding to her list, but only mentally, was to make Jason laugh more. To see the smile on his face. She had no idea what might strike him as humorous, but she was determined to try. Emma hoped that she would have the chance.

When his laughter died down, her breath caught in her throat at the look in his eyes. It was hot and heavy. Desire, she recognized.

"I'm amazed that you've turned out so sane after living with that man for so long. But that's in the past and hopefully you'll continue to move forward. What else is on your list?" he said and looked back down at the piece of paper.

"You want to learn French? Why don't you know how to speak French?"

"Because it was too romantic. My father said I would only use it to lure men into my lair."

Jason chucked and shook his head. "This library volunteer is a great idea." He slid the paper towards her. "I notice things like travel and vacations aren't listed. Do you not enjoy traveling?"

That hadn't even occurred to her. "I hadn't thought about it. But yes. I think I'd like to do something like that. Maybe just learning the subway system here in London would be a good first step though. I haven't been many places without a chauffeur."

"Don't tell me. Your father didn't want you being out alone without a chaperone?"

Emma grinned and nodded, feeling very frisky as she took another sip of champagne.

"So what would you like to do with your life, Emma?"

She shrugged her shoulders and sighed. "Mentally, I'm stuck on finding my mother. I also need to understand why she didn't take me with her. I can imagine that my father threatened her, probably with no money or something like that, but I'd like to hear that from her. I want the truth."

He nodded as she spoke, his eyes showing her his approval of her agenda. "I agree with you there. I'd like to find my father and apparently Edward has proof of my father's whereabouts and validity."

"Do you trust him?"

He shrugged, trying to appear casual, but Emma could sense the sudden tension in his broad shoulders. "I wouldn't be here if I didn't."

That hurt, Emma thought and wanted to curl up to hide. She wished that she might be a small part of the reason he was here, or more specifically, that he was helping her and married her, but she had to be realistic about his motives. She hadn't even met the man until her father's funeral. And they'd shared one statement and a brief handshake. She knew she wasn't a raving beauty, so why was she so hurt to find out that Jason wouldn't be attracted to her just because of herself and not because of what her father held in secret from him.

"So it sounds like we need to step into my father's office and find out where he's hidden our parents' information."

He glanced at his watch and shook his head. "I think we should join the party for the moment. I wouldn't want you to waste that dress." He stood up and held out his hand to her. "You really look lovely tonight."

Emma's heart leapt at his compliment, and then started racing with whirlwind speed when he touched her hand. "Thank you very much, sir," she quipped. "You look very handsome yourself," she said, noting his elegant, black tuxedo.

Attending a social function with Jason was a completely different experience than attending on her father's arm. Jason encouraged her to dance with his friends and acquaintances, he showed her off and each time she walked back to him, he showed her with his eyes that he thought she was pretty. It was a liberating experience and after a few hours, she would walk away, simply so she could come back to him and see the desire in his eyes a she approached. She found herself moving in more subtle ways to entice him, swaying her hips slightly, glancing down and then up again as if flirting with him. And he continued to respond. She had no idea if he was just pretending for her sake, but it made her feel brave and desired.

One other revelation she discovered. When she danced with other men, she could talk with them, enjoy their company and laugh at their jokes, but she wasn't even remotely attracted to them. Several men would request a dance and she would always glance up at Jason to make sure it was okay, but as the men took her hand, there was no spark. There wasn't any desire to move closer to any of the men. In fact, some of the men were a bit more forward than others and tried to eliminate the distance between their bodies and she simply pulled away, and sent them a silent message through her eyes that she wasn't going to allow their tricks.

And even better, when those men brought her back to Jason at the end of the dance, he glared at them. He'd obviously been watching their interchange and blamed the men who had made a pass at her. Jason didn't glare at her or threaten to fire anyone. He simply tucked her hand back in his arm, or wrapped his arm around her waist, all the while, telling those men silently that he wouldn't forget their transgression.

He occasionally danced with other women, but as Emma watched him with the females, she could see the same reactions she'd had to the flirting. He simply wasn't interested and told the women in the same manner.

It filled her heart with excitement. And even that seemingly elusive kernel of hope started simmering inside her heart once again. Could he feel the same about her that she did for him? She considered him to be her husband. And she was his wife. It definitely wasn't a traditional, or even agreeable marriage, but it was theirs. For her part, she'd make the most of their situation.

When Jason pulled her into his arms for a dance, she shivered and stepped closer, smiling when he pulled her even closer to him. As they danced, their legs almost tangled between each other, but somehow, they never missed a step. She seemed to know exactly where Jason was going to step and could anticipate his next move, placing her feet in the correct place. She felt like she was dancing on air and she looked up into his eyes, her heart never slowing down.

"Let's get out of here," he growled and pulled her along behind him as he quickly made his way through the crowd to the door. Apparently, the others in the crowd didn't dare to stop him with the look on his face. She'd never before been so grateful for Jason's powerhouse reputation.

As soon as he exited the building, Tony was standing at the curb with the limousine door opened. How did he do that, she wondered? Jason must have sent him some sort of signal as he was pulling her out of the ballroom but when they ducked into the back seat and Jason pulled her onto his lap, she didn't care how Tony knew they were leaving. As Jason kissed her, his hands moving up her body, she shivered with excitement and anticipation.

He didn't stop kissing her until Tony pulled up in front of his house. Emma didn't know what was going on, only that she stepped out of the limousine and Jason swept her up into his arms. Moments later, he was laying her down on the bed, his eyes traveling down her body and a look of something she could only define as triumph mixed with desire shining from his eyes.

Emma swung her legs underneath her, then kneeled on the bed. "I've wanted to do this all evening. Do you mind?" she asked as her fingers touched his bow tie.

"Be my guest," he replied, his hands settling on her waist.

She pulled the ends, her mind drifting back to a James Bond movie when one of the women did that. It was so much sexier doing it to Jason.

She didn't stop there though. Her fingers, curious despite her fears, opened up the black buttons, fascinated when she discovered his skin underneath. "You're a very handsome man," she whispered, her eyes wide as her fingers explored the newly bared areas of his chest. "I wanted to do this the last time I was here, but I was too afraid of what you might think of me."

Jason bent down and bit her fingers, eliciting a gasp of surprise. "Why did you do that?" she asked, but it hadn't hurt and her fingers explored.

"I want you to remember that anything we do together isn't bad or wrong. Forget everything your father said about you. You're a beautiful woman with normal desires. And I like the fact that you want me."

She smiled and looked back down at his chest. "He said my red hair was a sign of the devil."

He chuckled and shook his head. "Your red hair is a sign that you're DNA comes from someone with a history of red hair. That's all."

"My mother's hair was red. That's why he hated it so much."

"Let's leave your father out of our bedroom," he growled and bent to kiss her neck, his fingers releasing the clips holding her hair back as he slid through her soft tresses, holding her head so that he had better access to her neck and ear. He repeated the process on the other side, then slid his hands to the zipper on her back. "I think you're currently over dressed for what I have in mind, Emma."

She shivered when she felt the zipper come down her back. And his fingers running along her spine increased that feeling. She wanted to slide against him, to feel his hard chest against her breasts and test what his chest hair felt like. Goodness, she wanted to do so much with this man. And to him!

Xxx

Emma woke up slowly, feeling so wonderful she didn't want to open her eyes for fear that this euphoric feeling would dissipate.

She heard the water from the shower cut off and, since that didn't fit in with her normal morning routine, she opened her eyes to investigate. The confusion she felt at waking up in a strange room, in a strange bed with sunlight streaming through the windows instead of the heavy velvet curtains blocking everything out, finished the job of waking her up. But her mind was still fuzzy about where she was.

It wasn't until Jason walked out of the bathroom, a towel wrapped around his waist and water droplets still on his magnificent chest and muscular arms, that she remembered where she was and why she was here.

"Good morning," Jason said as he walked over to kiss her lingeringly. "How did you sleep?"

She smiled and licked her lips, trying to taste his kiss even after he was walking away again. "You mean during the times that you allowed me to sleep?"

He chuckled and nodded his head as he rubbed his hair with another towel. "Yes, during those odd moments, were you comfortable?"

She pulled the sheet up higher on her chest, painfully aware that she was still naked. Well, so was he, she supposed. But that didn't ease her awareness. It was morning and things were completely different with so much sunlight shining in on them.

"Yes. I slept very well. Thank you very much."

He looked back at her, his glance threatening dire consequences. "Don't start hiding on me again, Emma. We're way past that now."

Emma shifted on the bed, tucking her legs underneath her primly. "I'll try."

He looked at her carefully, then nodded. "Good. Do you have any plans for today?"

She laughed at the idea. "Since it's Saturday, I generally stay away from the library. So no, my plans are in limbo at the moment."

He smiled at her quip and came back over to the bed. His eyes looked down at her with determination and Emma knew she wasn't going to like what was coming.

"I'm going to suggest something, and I want you to think about it very carefully with an open mind."

She swallowed and wished she were showered and dressed for this conversation. She felt vulnerable being naked and felt odd after a night of passionate sex with this man. "Okay. I'll try."

"I don't like being passive about finding our parents," he explained, sitting down next to her and putting his hand on the other side of her hip. "I'd like to go through your father's office and look through his computer. Maybe we can find something in his papers or files that would give us a clue that we can move forward with. We shouldn't have to wait for you to conceive in order to gain this information."

Emma held her breath, considering the idea. Her father was dead. He'd left everything to her child with the understanding that she would marry this man and conceive a child. So why should she be afraid of entering his office? She should face the ghosts of that room, if nothing else. And if they were to find something that would lead them closer to finding their parents, then all the better.

"Let's do it," she said and bit her lip in fear.

"You're very cute when you're terrified, Emma," he said with a chuckle and nudged her under her chin. "I'll be with you while we do this, okay?"

She nodded, eager now to start. "I know of someone else who might be able to help as well."

"Who's that?"

"My housekeeper, Nancy. She's the only one that was allowed into his office while he was alive. She was supposed to clean it every morning before he came down to breakfast but I don't know if she saw anything that might help us."

"It's worth a try. Are you hungry?"

Emma shook her head. "I think I'm too nervous to eat anything."

He smiled and that look came into his eyes again. She shrank back and shook her head, smiling even as she rejected his obvious intent. "Don't even go there," she commanded and pulled the sheet higher. "You did that too often last night and I don't know if I can take anymore.'

Instantly, his eyes changed from desire to concern. "Are you okay? Did I hurt you?"

Her heart sang with happiness that he would even care. "I'm fine. I just..."

The relief was instant. And he also understood. "Come downstairs when you finish showering. We'll have some breakfast, then drive over to your house and start searching. Okay?"

"Okay."

She watched as he disappeared into a closet, coming out a few moments later in pair of well worn jeans and pulling a soft looking sweater over his head. Her mouth was already watering as she watched the material stretch over his muscles and she actually reconsidered her admonition to abstain from any kind of sexual encounter this morning. But he winked in her direction, then headed out the door, closing it behind him to give her privacy.

She sighed as soon as she was alone, wishing she could think more clearly when he was around. The man was exceptionally good looking. Amazingly, he could also follow through on the promise of that exciting body. The man was masterful at making love. And creative! She couldn't believe how he'd convinced her to try different positions, each one feeling just a little bit different from the others. She shivered at the memory of how desperate she'd become during the night, begging him to let her climax and clinging to him as the pleasure ripped through her, making her cry out with happiness and pleasure.

She slipped out of the bed and moved quickly to the bathroom. She felt a little silly when she pulled his large bathrobe on as she started up the shower, but she couldn't stand there naked while waiting for the warm water to flow.

It was fast and she showered quickly, eager to rejoin him for breakfast. She didn't have any other clothes except the ones she wore last night, and she felt a little silly coming downstairs to breakfast in a cocktail dress, her shoes dangling from her fingers, but she braved her way through the initial meeting, looking shyly towards him as he sat at a small table on the patio reading the newspaper and sipping coffee.

He must have sensed her presence because he quickly looked up and spotted her, then stood up and walked over to her. "I still like the dress. Sorry you don't have anything else to wear. We'll have to fix that, won't we?"

"Um..." she wasn't sure what he meant by fixing her attire, but he didn't give her a chance to respond before he kissed her and led her over to the breakfast table. He poured her some coffee, then sat down across from her. "What are you in the mood to eat?" he asked and gestured for a servant who suddenly appeared by her side.

"Oh, just some toast, please," she said and looked down at her coffee, embarrassed that she was obviously dressed in her clothes from the previous night.

"Some fruit as well," he said then nodded to the servant who quickly stepped away to carry out his instructions.

"I don't want to hold you up."

"I don't want you to pass out on me,' he countered with a wicked gleam. "I kept you up late last night. I need to replenish your energies."

Emma flushed and looked away. "You have a beautiful house."

"Thank you. When are you going to move in?"

Even Jason was startled by that question. He couldn't believe that he'd actually uttered the words. After years of maintaining his distance with his lovers, he hadn't ever thought of sharing his house with another person. But Emma wasn't like the others. There was definitely something different about her. He'd known it from the beginning but after last night, it was confirmed.

And he was actually irritated by her startled expression. She was his wife, for goodness sake! Why wouldn't she be living here? "What are your objections to moving in?"

She carefully placed her coffee cup back in the saucer, using both hands because her hands were shaking too much. "Well, I guess I've never really thought about it."

"Husbands and wives usually live together."

She blinked and looked down at her lap. "Yes. That's very true."

"And we're actively trying to conceive of a child. If that happens, then we'll want to raise that child together, don't you agree?"

Emma swallowed painfully. "Yes. That's probably best for the child." But what was best for her? She was screaming out that she didn't want to be married to a man who only wanted information. She wanted someone to love her, someone who would be there for her when things were bad and also a cheerleader when she was excited. She knew these kinds of marriages existed. She'd seen it in other couples when she was out and about. She'd never had any kind of loving relationship except with her mother and she didn't really want to fall into a loveless marriage.

Well, she actually was in a loveless marriage. But there was something more...permanent if she moved in with him.

"I suppose we've just been playing at this whole thing, haven't we? Going about our roles because we were caught in my father's trap."

"Is that how you see things now?" he asked softly. He didn't really see himself as much of a martyr. He wanted this woman. That was about the sum of the whole thing. He'd wanted her since she'd first stepped into that limousine on the day of her father's funeral. Not the best time to set one's sights on a future prospect, but he couldn't change how he'd felt after seeing her dainty, sexy leg and those incredible lips that even now, he wanted to kiss once again.

"Well, how do you see our relationship?" She wasn't going to admit that she was actually falling in love with the man. She felt silly even thinking of such an occurrence happening so quickly after their first meeting. She'd known him for about two or three weeks? This was only infatuation. It was ridiculous to think that she was in love with this man.

A psychologist would explain that she was just falling in love with the first man who paid her any kind of attention. She'd lived a loveless life for so long, she simply attached herself to the first handsome man who crossed her path.

But last night's event showed her that she really wasn't just grasping at men. She could have found any of those men attractive. But deep down, she knew that none of them matched the intelligence, confidence and bold masculinity that she found so enticing in Jason.

Jason sighed and folded his newspaper. "I think we need to table this conversation until we've known each other for a little longer. But how about if you keep some clothes here? Because I can guarantee that there will be more nights like last night."

Emma hated that she continued to blush but couldn't stop it. Besides, she liked the idea of another night, or many more, like last night.

"You're cute when you blush like that," he said as he stood up. "I have one call to make before we head over to your house and search your father's study for information. I'll be right back, then I should be free for the rest of the day."

He walked over to her and bent down, kissing her gently while his thumb softly caressed her cheek. "I hope it doesn't stop," he murmured, then disappeared into the house, leaving Emma on the patio with her coffee and a stunned expression.

With a sigh, she picked up her coffee once again and sat back against the comfortable cushions of the patio chair. She had a lot to deal with today. One step at a time, she told herself. She needed to get through the morning first and that was going to be an emotional upheaval. She wondered if Nancy would be able to give them any insight into where her father might have kept secret files.

The servant arrived with buttered toast and a bowl filled with blueberries, raspberries, strawberries and several other berries she didn't recognize. It was so pretty she couldn't help but sample the vibrant fruit. And when it popped into flavor in her mouth, she enjoyed the entire bowl and felt enormously better once she was finished.

Jason came back just as she popped the last one into her mouth and she smiled up at him. "All set?" she asked.

"Definitely. I've cleared my whole day so we can work through your father's study. Let's hit it," he said and pulled her into his arms. They walked out of his house with his arm around her waist and Emma felt loved and cherished at that moment.

Back at her house, she rushed up the stairs to change, pulling on the least casual pair of slacks she could find. She wished she had a pair of jeans like Jason's. They looked extremely comfortable, but she hadn't thought to include that in her wardrobe splurge yesterday.

As she came back down the stairs, she smiled at Jason who watched her with each step. "No jeans? This might get a little messy."

She shrugged slightly. "I don't have any."

Jason pulled his phone out from his pocket and dialed a number. "Laura," he said when the other person answered the phone. "Good morning. I need a favor. Could you send over several pairs of jeans for Emma? Same address. And a pair of riding pants and boots."

Emma's eyebrows went up with that request. "Riding pants and boots?" she asked when he disconnected and slipped the phone back into his pocket.

"This afternoon. I have a feeling we're going to need to work off some steam."

She smiled and her mind instantly came up with a much more enjoyable way to de-stress but she kept her mouth shut. Jason didn't miss the blush though and kissed the top of her head. "That might be a good way as well," he said as he took her hand and led her to the closed door of the study. "Are you ready for this?" he asked as his hand rested on the doorknob.

She took a deep breath, then nodded. "Yes."

He pushed open the door and, with her hand still held in his, he pulled her into the dark office that somehow reminded Emma of a dungeon or a filthy prison cell.

Emma's eyes widened as she stepped into the heavy, oppressive room. There was a feeling here, as if some evil force had been at work and was just waiting to be reactivated.

"He's gone. He can't hurt you now, Emma."

"I know," she said and took a deep breath. "I'll start at his desk," she said with determination. "You take a look at his computer since you're probably more adept."

"Actually, I can do better than that." He reached into his pocket once again. "Mark, I'm sending over a computer. I need you to download all the data, which might be encrypted, and organize everything you find." He replied to several more questions but they only took a few moments. After disconnecting the call, he took the laptop to Tim, who was in the kitchen with Nancy. Both of them stood at attention as soon as Jason stepped into the room. "Tim, bring this over to my office and give it to a Mark Sutherland."

Tim immediately took it and walked out the kitchen door. "Nancy, right?"

Nancy nodded and Emma could tell that she wanted to curtsy. "Yes. How can I help?"

"Emma says that you were in Edward Mason's office each morning to clean it."

Nancy's eyes darted nervously to Emma's. Emma knew that her new friend thought she'd done something wrong so she smiled encouragingly at her and was relieved when Nancy visibly relaxed with Emma's reassurance. "That's correct."

"Do you think you could help us search the room? We're looking for secret files that might help Emma find her mother and me to find my father."

Nancy's face lit up and she quickly nodded. "Of course I'll help."

Emma smiled gratefully as the three of them moved determinedly back to the office.

"I was going to go through his desk. Should we look somewhere else?"

Nancy pursed her lips and looked around, tilting her head to one side as she studied the angles of the walls and ceilings. "There's a filing cabinet in the corner behind those chairs."

Jason watched her closely. "What is it?" he asked, knowing she was thinking something through as she looked around the room.

Nancy put her index finger to her chin and bent to examine the floor, then back up at the walls and ceilings. "I can't give you a real answer, except to try to explain something that has always bothered me about this room."

Emma stepped forward. "What's wrong with the room?"

She shook her head. "I can't put my finger on it," she said, still looking around, "but there's just something off about the room."

Jason immediately understood. "The proportions?" He looked around and quickly started to get into the idea. "You're right. Something isn't correct about the size of this room."

"But I don't know where to start," she said as her eyes looked behind the desk.

"There's a secret room, isn't there?" Emma asked, her heart beating rapidly in excitement.

Both of them nodded and Emma started measuring the angles in her mind as well. "Well, let's get to work," she said and moved over to the desk. "I bet there's a secret compartment in this desk as well," she said and started opening drawers.

"Go through all the documents that are just in the desk as well," Jason cautioned. "He didn't' expect to pass away so quickly so he might have left something out that is pertinent."

"Right," she said, already pulling out all the papers that were in the main, middle drawer and glancing at them. Most were just plain correspondence but as she read through the others, she was shocked at how callous her father had been. There were pleas from individuals asking her father not to foreclose on their house or not to fire them for one reason or another, all the reasons seemed to be trumped up or false. Emma was more than embarrassed to be related to a man who did such vile things to people.

She started making stacks of the documents. One pile for the people who were hurt, one pile for the instructions her father sent, and another pile of seemingly benign correspondence. She suspected they'd find much more on his computer, once they were able to get into it.

Once she'd gone through all the files, she started tapping along the panels of the desk just as Nancy and Jason were doing along the panels of the office walls.

An hour into their search, Tim arrived back and stood awkwardly in the doorway. "Is there anything I can help with?" he asked.

Jason turned to Nancy who quickly nodded. "He can help. Trust him, he's seen the worst of it all."

Tim flushed under Jason's dark stare. "We're looking for a secret room that might hold files that could be important.

Tim nodded his head and shrugged. "I don't know about a secret room, but I know of the storage units he had around town where he stored various items. What you're looking for might be in one of those units."

Nancy, Emma and Jason all stared at the driver who looked from one to the other, looking worried and concerned now.

"Storage units?" Jason's smile grew larger.

Tim nodded and almost bowed. Emma smothered her chuckle at that reaction, having seen it in Nancy earlier that morning. Jason just had that bearing about him, as if he were some sort of royalty.

"His bedroom might have something hidden in it as well," Emma suggested.

She stood up from her place near the desk and crossed her arms over her stomach. "I need to go to his office as well." She looked up at Jason. "Will you come with me?"

"Of course." They moved out of the house and Jason slipped into the driver's side of the car after holding the door for Emma. "What are you going to do there?" he asked.

"I need to talk to the people that work there. They need to be made aware of what is about to happen. They should have a head's up on this."

Jason sighed and shook his head, but continued to focus on the road as they passed through the mid-afternoon traffic. "I don't think that's a very good idea."

"Why is that?"

He concentrated as he drove through the busy streets. "Because there isn't any way your father could have done these things if the people, at least at the highest levels, weren't helping him. From what I've seen so far, the evidence indicates that the corruption in your father's company is pervasive."

Emma thought about that for a moment. "You might be correct. But I need to give them the benefit of doubt. Not letting them know what we've found, and give them a chance to explain or defend themselves, that would make us as bad as he was."

Jason shook his head. "I'll back you up on this, but I don't agree. I appreciate that you're not doing this alone though."

They arrived at the headquarters a moment later and Jason parked on the street, not wanting to be trapped in that building by entering the parking garage.

Inside, Emma went straight to her father's office but was stopped by a stunningly beautiful woman with thick makeup and a tight, purple dress. "Can I help you?" she asked, looking down at Emma's jeans and sweater with obvious disdain. She glanced behind Emma and noticed Jason and instantly her body language changed. It wasn't even subtle. The lips pouted, her shoulders fell back which pushed her breasts out and one hip tilted forward, accenting her slender waist and tight dress. Her eyes actually caressed Jason as she completely ignored Emma. "I'd really love to help you," she said with a sultry, husky voice.

Emma stepped in front of the blatant hussy and interrupted her view of Jason. Emma was still several inches shorter than Ms. Make Up Bimbo, but there was no way Emma would allow the harlot to get her claws into Jason. "I'm Emma Mason," she declared and glared up at Ms. Make Up Bimbo. "I believe this was my father's office?"

Bimbo looked down, and a moment later, surprise came into her eyes. "Oh. I'm sorry Ms. Mason. I didn't recognize you." She looked Emma up and down once again. "You've changed your look."

Emma refused to give her the satisfaction of squirming so she stood perfectly still and continued to glare. "I'm going into my father's office."

Ms. Bimbo's eyes flashed and she stepped back. "Since your father...passed away...the office has been claimed by the late Mr. Mason's Executive Vice President, Gerard Miller."

"Is Mr. Miller in my father's office now?"

Ms. Bimbo was startled by Emma's authoritative tone. "Well, yes. But he has meetings."

"Please cancel them. At least for the next few moments. I need to talk with him about an urgent issue. Several in fact."

"I'll see what I can do," she said and her chin rose up as she moved back to her desk.

Emma couldn't believe how stupid the woman was. Or more specifically, how stupid Ms. Bimbo thought Emma was. To leave the door unguarded was tantamount to telling the brave new Emma to simply enter.

She pushed through the doors, ignoring Ms. Bimbo's cry of outrage. She found a somewhat handsome man with slicked back hair leaning back in her father's old leather chair. The man was wearing dark slacks with the matching suit jacket on the back of the chair, and a blue and white striped shirt with a red tie. Emma knew that many men wore red ties to help them appear confident but on this man, it just looked weak and overbearing.

"Who the hell..." he stopped and swung his leather clad shoes off of the heavy wooden desk. "Emma? Is that really you?" the man asked as he took in her new appearance, now standing in his luxurious office. Speaking into the phone, he said, "Dave, I'll have to get back to you. Something's come up. Almost literally," he said with a sneer as his eyes traveled up and down Emma's casual slacks and sweater. "What brings you into the office today, little lady?"

Again, Emma worked very hard not to squirm or show in any way that this man's perusal bothered her. She suspected it was a way of putting him in charge, of making her feel smaller and weaker. "I see you've taken over my father's office pretty quickly."

Gerard smiled and waved to the seat in front of his desk. "Have a seat."

Emma glanced behind her but Jason wasn't there any longer. She saw Ms. Bimbo glance to the waiting area and Emma suspected that Jason was giving her this time alone to confront her father's vice president with her suspicions.

"Thank you," she replied and sat down on one of the leather chairs, realizing that it was still uncomfortable. "Why don't you get rid of these horrible chairs?"

Gerard chuckled and Emma knew instantly that the chairs were yet another power play. If a person wasn't comfortable, they couldn't focus as well on the conversation. "I guess I just haven't gotten around to it yet."

Emma just shook her head and stood up. "I wanted to give you a head's up that some of my father's business dealings weren't very legal. We need to clean up the company and make restitution to anyone who was hurt by his business practices."

Gerard looked at her for a moment, then laughed and shook his head. "Emma! You're priceless!"

"I don't really think that price is an issue here."

Gerard stood up and walked around his desk, sliding his hands into the pockets of his slacks. "Emma, let's be real. Your father built an enormously profitable company that will benefit your son, his grandson. We are in business for one reason, and that's to make money."

"Why don't you do it ethically?"

"We do. When it suits us."

Emma's eyes widened. "I wanted to give you the benefit of the doubt, but I guess I was being naive. You're just as corrupt as my father."

Gerard laughed and shook his head. "Probably more so. But remember, we all profit from this little secret, don't we?"

She stood up and glared at him, truly astounded that there was someone in this world just as disgusting as her father. "I won't let you get away with this," she said and took a step back, overwhelmed not just by his strong cologne, but also by the gleam of something not quite comforting in this man's eyes.

He sneered at her words, shaking his head in a patronizing manner. "Even if you could stop me, you won't."

"Why is that?"

"Because if you do anything to harm this company, your son will inherit nothing. You'll be broke and out on the street with the rest of us. Your father's assets are all tied up in this company so anything you do will result in complete annialation of that little nest egg you're sitting on."

"I've already tried to turn down the money."

He rolled his eyes. "Try to live without money Emma. It's not fun, believe me." He moved closer and his hand reached up to caress her cheek, but she moved away. "And someone as soft and fragile as you won't make it a day out in the harsh world without money, so don't ever come back into this office and threaten me with anything. Do we understand each other?" he asked, his voice a whisper by the end.

"Get away from my wife, Miller," Jason's hard, uncompromising voice said from the doorway.

Emma's eyes flashed in his direction and she smiled gratefully at him. Jason barely took his eyes off of Gerard. "Emma. We're leaving. Let's go."

Emma didn't hesitate. She moved quickly to Jason's side, feeling wonderful when he wrapped his arm around her waist.

"Wait a minute," Gerard called out. "Aren't you Jason Montenegro?"

Jason was about to turn around but he stopped. "I am. And you just insulted my wife," he said with deadly menace.

The man's face blanched and his mouth dropped open. "I apologize...sir..."

Emma was stunned! The arrogant man of moments before was gone, replaced by a sniveling, pale faced guy who was cowed by Jason's reputation.

"Don't let it happen again," Jason replied with a low, threatening voice.

"No. As I said, I'm really sorry."

Jason was about to turn around with Emma when Gerard stepped forward again. "Now that that silly miscommunication is out of the way, maybe we could get together for drinks and maybe do some business together. I have some great ideas I'd love to swing by you, if you have the time."

Jason looked Gerard up and down, then shrugged. "Call my office. We'll be in touch." With that, he turned around, keeping a strong arm on Emma's waist as he walked out of the office, not bothering to even glance at Ms. Bimbo even though she was doing her damdest to tempt him, going so far as t bend over in her tight dress to file something on the bottom drawer.

Emma saw the ploy and just tsked at the woman before moving down the hallway towards the elevators.

Once they were descending to the lobby, she turned to Jason. Looking up into his angry features, she asked, "You aren't really going to do business with that man, are you?"

Jason shook his head, indicating she shouldn't talk yet.

She grasped the message and turned to face the doors, both of them walking swiftly out of the building with Jason holding her hand.

Once in his car with Emma safely tucked away, he started the engine and merged into traffic. "To answer your question, no. I'm not doing business with Gerard Miller."

"Why did you indicate that you might be willing to listen to his ideas?"

"Because I didn't want to give him a head's up on what we're doing."

Jason pressed a button on the steering wheel and his assistant instantly answered his call. "Betty, where's the team?"

"They are already at Ms. Mason's home. Originally, Josh only sent five people but as soon as they started going through the documents you mentioned, he sent over an additional ten people to assist. They'll have everything organized and ready to brief you by tomorrow morning."

"Excellent. Thank you Betty. And what's happening on the Pinot deal?"

"They signed the agreement. Did you have any doubts?"

"Not really," he replied, then disconnected.

Emma couldn't contain her curiosity. She really wanted to know everything there was about this fascinating man. "What's the Pinot deal, if you don't mind me asking?"

"I'm buying some factories in Thailand. They're going to be cheaper and more efficient than the factories that we're currently using in Indonesia."

She stilled, her heart constricting. "You don't use cheap labor in factories that force people to work fourteen hour days, do you?"

Jason smiled and shook his head. "Not on your life. These factories in Thailand are automated and people only work eight hour shifts. I also pay them a living wage. My profits aren't as good as some companies, but we do okay," he commented, glancing at her briefly before turning his attention back to the traffic.

She sighed her relief. "Good! I didn't think you were that kind of businessman, and I'm sorry that I questioned you."

Jason took her hand and squeezed it gently. "Emma, we're just getting to know each other. Keep asking me anything you'd like and I'll answer all your questions."

She was so relieved that he was willing to do that, it was almost stupefying. The freedom to question, to learn from someone who had loads of experience was liberating.

"Thank you," she whispered and squeezed his hand back, glowing with happiness.

He squeezed again before turning off at the exit to his house. "We're going to do something new," he explained at her questioning glance.

Once they'd parked the car in the front, he took her hand and led her inside. "Did the packages arrive for Ms. Mason?" he asked his housekeeper.

"They are in your bedroom as you requested," she said efficiently.

Jason turned to Emma and took both of her hands. "While the auditors are looking into the files from your father's house and his storage facilities, how about if we take a break? We can have some lunch and then you can have your first riding lesson."

Emma was delighted and impulsively threw her arms around him, kissing the bottom of his jaw as her arms tightened around his waist.

When she felt his arms tighten, she smiled. He didn't release her but bent to kiss her gently. "Go change," he said and stepped back.

Emma was disappointed when he didn't suggest something more interesting, but she supposed that he might not have that kind of stamina. She'd read that most men only have sex once or twice a week. She'd been with Jason twice this week already and last night, he'd made love to her so many times she'd lost count.

"Emma?" Jason called out when she was at the base of the staircase.

She turned and looked at him, waiting for his question. As he walked over to her, he stopped when he was only about an inch away from her. "Did you have something else in mind that you'd like to do?"

Emma blushed and looked down at her hand. "Riding would be wonderful."

"I don't think that's what you were hoping we might be doing here, is it?" he laughed and his head bent to kiss her ear. "Perhaps you might have other suggestions?"

Emma smiled and put her hands on his shoulders. "Well, I don't want to impose. I've read that most men can't....you know...."

Jason froze, his lips hovering over her shoulder until he lifted his head and stared at her. Emma's heart froze because he looked so serious, almost offended. "Ms. Mason, are you inferring that I am not up to the challenge of satisfying you?"

Emma stepped back, shaking her head frantically. She was seriously concerned that she'd hurt his feelings. "No! I'm sorry Jason. I just...well...thought that maybe....after last night..."

Jason shook his head, his eyes stern and hard. "No, I believe you are questioning my abilities," he replied and looked at her.

She had only a split second to notice the teasing glint in his eyes before he bent down and simply tossed her over his shoulder.

She squealed with laughter as he took the stairs two at a time. "What are you doing?" she demanded, pushing against his back so she could try and see where he was going, even though she had a pretty good idea of his destination.

"You've maligned my masculinity, Ms. Mason. I can't have you doubting my abilities so I must prove that I'm worthy of your interest."

He kicked the door to his bedroom closed, then tossed her onto the bed. As he looked down at her, his fingers were rapidly pulling off his clothes.

Emma couldn't help laughing at his stern expression that was countered by the slightly upturned ends of his mouth. "You don't need to prove anything to me, Mr. Montenegro. I am fully aware of your abilities and I apologize for any doubt that might have been conveyed with my previous hesitation." She had trouble getting out the words because she was laughing so hard. She kept trying to move away, but he would just grab her ankle and pull her right back to him which only made her laugh even harder.

"You're going to lose this battle," Jason said with grim determination, and with a flick of his fingers against the waist band of her slacks to release the button, he slid her slacks off, down her slender legs and he stood staring down at her.

"You really are extraordinarily beautiful," he said, turning serious.

Emma's laughter died down and an entirely different feeling took over. Her stomach muscles clenched, her legs felt different and she knew that her breasts were peaking, hardening against the silk of her blouse. When Jason's eyes glanced downward and his lips curled up, Emma knew that he also noticed her body's reaction.

"I can see we are finally on the same page, aren't we?"

Emma wanted to laugh, but the heat spreading across her body, flowing outward and spiraling into her limbs wouldn't really allow any amusement. When he moved towards her, she lifted her arms to embrace him eagerly. "I think we finally are," she said and kissed him with all the feelings that were coursing through her.

Chapter 9

One week later, Jason flipped through the draft report that his audit team had present him with earlier. "And you're sure of all these names?" he asked, gesturing to the list of people covering several sheets of paper.

The lead auditor nodded her head. "Those are just the initial names. I'm sure once we dig deeper, we will be able to provide you with a more comprehensive list."

Jason turned to Emma. "We need to talk," he said.

Emma stood up and came around the desk. He took her hand and brought her into the living room where he pulled her down next to her.

"He's actually more evil than I realized, Jason. You can't believe some of the letters I've been reading. He's hurt so many people!"

"I know. That's what I wanted to talk to you about."

"I need to figure out how to help them," she said, barely responding to him. She was sick with how vile her father was and it seemed like he'd hurt some people simply out of entertainment. He's ruined people's lives simply because he could. She was pacing back and forth in the living room, worried that she might not be able to stop her father's company from continuing. Or even turn back the clock and fix some of the wrongs he'd done in the past.

"I'm glad you think that. I'd like to the team of auditors to continue their research so that we can have a larger picture of the damage he's done."

"Make a list of the people he's hurt and pay them back?" she asked hopefully.

Jason nodded slowly, his eyes serious and concerned. "That might mean that your father's estate will be sued."

She smiled, her eyes twinkling merrily. "Oh, I sincerely hope so. And if we could give them the evidence they needed in court, wouldn't that help them win more money?"

Jason laughed and shook his head. "You understand that means that there could be nothing left over for your children to inherit?"

She smiled and sighed happily. "I don't think that I'd like our children to inherit anything that comes from cheating. Besides, money doesn't really make people happy."

Jason sighed with relief. "You said 'our' children," he replied cautiously. "Does that mean that you might consider making this marriage real? And having more than one child with me?"

At his first words, Emma froze, wondering if she'd made a horrible error. But as he continued, she relaxed, became excited with his words. "I think that you're a very honorable man. I would be thrilled to sincerely marry you."

Jason laughed and pulled her onto his lap. "Damn, Emma! You're an amazing person!" He pulled back slightly. "What if we never find your mother?"

She put a small hand to his cheek. "We will. And we'll find your father as well. We'll just make it our special project."

"We might still get the information through this search," he said, looking back across the hallway at the office that was quickly turning into a mess.

"Or we could have a son and we'll get the information from my father's solicitor."

He grinned as he looked down at her. "That's very true. I think we should start on that right now."

She snuggled up closer to him. "Not in this house. Take me to yours," she said softly, her green eyes looking up into his darker ones.

"I love you, Emma," he growled. "After your rejection of moving into my house last week, I wasn't sure how you felt about me, but I'm grateful that you're just the most timid woman I've ever known."

She laughed as she lifted her chin, giving him better access to her neck. "I wasn't too timid last night," she gasped as his teeth found her ear lobe. "You didn't really give me a chance to be timid."

"Damn straight! There's a place for everything and I only want the lusty side of you in our bed. The one that's much more demanding than the timid lady."

She breathed in happily. "Good. Because you've gotten her."

Epilogue

Emma sighed happily as the judge banged the gavel. This was the last time, she thought. As far as they could find, she and Jason had located all the victims of her father's illegal or unethical business practices and helped them sue his estate for compensatory damages. Lily Mongrove turned and gave Emma a huge grin, then made her way through the crowd and hugged her. "Thank you so much!" she whispered in Emma's ear. "We couldn't have done this without you."

"He was a bad person. I'm just glad that you're family will be able to buy another house. I'm terribly sorry it wasn't the house you grew up in."

Lily shook her head as she held Emma's hand. They'd become friends over the last several months as the court cases made their way through the legal system. "I'm not. Towards the end, there was so much stress in that house, trying to figure out how to stop the foreclosure so we are grateful for a fresh start."

Emma put her hand to the back of the bench she'd been sitting on and hauled herself upright. "Let me help you," Lily said and put a helping hand on Emma's back. "When are you due?" she asked.

Emma placed a hand over her swollen abdomen and sighed with frustration as she waddled down the aisle to the courthouse entrance. She knew Jason would be here any moment and she wanted to appear calm and collected. But in reality, she was sore and aching, exhausted from the pains shooting across her belly. All she wanted to do was to sink into the large soaking tub in Jason's bedroom and let the warm water soothe her tired body.

"Officially, I was due two days ago. My obstetrician says if I don't start labor in the next few days, she will induce the labor."

"Where's Mr. Montenegro?" Lily looked around, worried that her friend might go into labor at any moment. She was definitely large enough for that to happen.

"He thinks I'm at home with my feet propped up."

"He knows that you're not at home with your feet propped up," Jason's deep voice said from behind her.

Emma would have swung around but with this pregnancy, she wasn't swinging anywhere. She was grateful when she could waddle and that was as far as she could go, and as fast.

"Jason! What are you doing here?"

"More importantly, what are you doing here? You promised me that you would be at home relaxing."

She rested her hand on her back, her fingers trying to massage the painful muscles, but not letting Jason know because he would start to worry. "I wanted to be here for Lily. You and I are the only ones who know the whole story about what happened to all the victims. If the lawyers needed any connection, I wanted to be there to help."

Jason sighed and shook his head. "Your back hurts, doesn't it?"

Lily grinned, realizing where this conversation was going. "I'm going to leave the two of you to negotiate this alone," she said and disappeared into the crowd going about their legal business.

Jason eyed Emma carefully. He knew she wasn't comfortable and was trying to hide it from him. He couldn't help it though. She looked so fragile and he couldn't believe her tiny, slender frame could handle this pregnancy. He loved her so much and was in pain himself because he couldn't do anything to ease her discomfort. "You're in pain, your back hurts," he glanced down, "your feet are swollen and I bet you didn't eat anything this morning, did you?"

Emma could tell that Jason was becoming more than a little irritated. "Jason, see it from my perspective. I can't just sit around doing nothing anymore. I did that for the first twenty some odd years. I don't ever want to do that again. Life is too short and too exciting." She moved closer to him and put her head on his chest, grateful when his arms automatically wrapped around her rotund form. "Please don't be angry with me," she pleaded. "And I'll definitely go home now because I just don't feel very good at all." She couldn't stop the tear from slipping from her eyes. "I'm really tired and sore. Is Tony waiting outside?" she asked, praying with all her heart that he was so she didn't have to wait for Tim to drive around from the parking lot where she'd sent him a few hours ago.

"Yes. Tony is outside ready to go. Come along," he said and pulled her closer, kissing the top of her bright hair. "Where does it hurt?" he asked.

"Everywhere," she said and sniffed.

Jason's concern grew. "Emma?"

She couldn't really respond to his question since she'd stopped in the middle of the courthouse lobby, gripping his arm with all her strength as a massive contraction spiked through her stomach.

Jason saw her face pale, noticed her arm gripping her stomach while her other one clenched to his arm. "That's it," he growled. "You're going to the hospital." He bent down and lifted her into his arms, the additional weight of her pregnancy not really having much of an impact.

Two minutes later, she was in the back seat of the limousine while Tony tore through the streets of London heading towards the hospital. And twenty-four hours after that, Emma and Jason held their new son as he entered the world screaming and demanding his mother's touch.

Jason smiled down at his wife and his son, Ethan, amazed that they were both so perfect. "This is one thing your father did that wasn't infected by his evilness."

She smiled up at his handsome face, amazed at how sweet he'd been throughout the entire labor process. "You're right. His manipulations did bring us together. And we have this wonderful little guy as well. I don't think we really met his intentions, though."

Emma laughed and shook her head.

A nurse cleared her throat, nervous about interrupting such an intimate moment. "I'm sorry to interrupt, but a man just dropped off these envelopes and said you had to have them as soon as possible."

Emma glanced at Jason, wondering what could be so urgent. "A business issue?" she asked carefully, wanting him to know that he could work if he needed to.

"No one would dare!"

The nurse placed the envelopes on the small table and left. Jason lifted the first one and looked at it. When he opened the envelope and read the document inside, his eyebrows went up. "Your mother is a baker who lives in Dover."

A woman who looked startlingly similar to Emma stepped into the hospital room, her hands shaking and tears streaming down her cheeks as she took in the trio. "I've actually been living here for the past year, wondering if it was safe to come closer. I saw you in court yesterday, Emma." A startled cry escaped and she covered her mouth, her eyes taking it all in and love shining through them. "Oh, Emma! You were magnificent! I was so proud of you and so grateful that Edward hadn't broken your spirit."

Emma sat up straight and looked across the hospital room towards her mother. "Where have you been?" Emma demanded, cradling her son closer as if to protect him.

Elizabeth stood just inside the doorway, her body shaking with the sobs she was trying to hold back so she could explain. "Your father sent me away. He said if I ever came near you, he would kill you. I couldn't risk anything happening to you, Emma! I loved you too much!"

Jason slipped back and made room for Emma's mother. Elizabeth took a step closer, her hand reaching out as if to plead or explain. "I know you can't forgive me for leaving you. I should have fought harder but I didn't have any money and Edward had so much!" she sobbed. "But I've kept track of you over the years. I knew about your marriage and all those wonderful things you've done. Until today, I wasn't sure that you were freed from Edward's control but you are, aren't you?"

Emma nodded her head, crying herself. The relief that she hadn't been abandoned, that her mother had actually been protecting her all these years, made her spirits soar! There was no hesitation or doubt about her mother's claims. Emma instantly knew that her mother was speaking the truth. She'd spent the last year showing others how to overcome her father's illegal activities. That made Emma and her mother just one more victim. She wasn't going to allow her father to "Oh, mother! I missed you so much!"

The two women embraced with the baby snuggled safely against his mother's breast, unaware of the drama unfolding above him between his mother and his newly discovered grandmother.

Emma saw Jason's face and her happiness was countered by his lack of knowledge about his father. "What's in the other envelope?" she asked, holding her mother with one hand and her son with the other.

Jason picked it up and opened the top. Emma noticed Jason's jaw clench with the stress because both of them knew that the envelope contained evidence of Jason's father. Or at least Emma prayed that it was in there.

Jason slid the paper out of the envelope and read through the lines. There wasn't much to read. Only a few words and several pictures. Jason stared at the images for a long time. "That bastard!" he growled.

Emma was terrified that her father had gone back on his word and didn't actually have evidence of Jason's father. But at that moment, a doctor walked into the hospital room. This wasn't any of the doctors that had been helping to deliver their son, but he looked bewildered, as if he didn't understand why he was here. He too had the same pictures in his hand that Jason had been looking at.

But as soon as the man walked in, Emma knew exactly who he was. The two men were the same height, same coloring except the older man was mostly grey haired but the eyes and the build were identical. As were the intense glares...that slowly eased to recognition.

"Jason Montenegro?" the older man asked after several moments.

Jason continued to stare at the man for a long moment before he finally took the offered hand. "Roger Phillps?" he said and a smile was starting to form on Jason's handsome face. Roger still looked bemused as he shook his head.

"I didn't know that your mother got pregnant," he said softly. "She was a beautiful woman. Where is she..." he started to say.

Jason's jaw clenched but he finally said, "She died in childbirth."

Roger's eyes clouded over and he bowed his head slightly. "I'm sorry!" he replied with feeling. "I never knew! I promise, I never knew." His mouth opened and closed as if he wasn't sure what to say. "She didn't say anything!"

The two men suddenly realized that there were others in the room and Jason snapped back to the present. "Let me present to you my wife, Emma Montenegro and my newborn son, Ethan Montenegro."

Roger walked over to the hospital bed and, with amazement, looked down at his grandson. "He's beautiful," he whispered.

Emma smiled at her son. "Thank you. Would you like to hold him?" she offered.

Both Roger and Elizabeth looked up, both appearing stunned to be able to participate in the small family's new beginning.

"Thank you," he said, trying to keep the emotion from his features.

Emma looked around at her growing family. Ethan was still sleeping but looked like an angel with dark hair and dark blue eyes that she suspected would darken to the almost black like his father and grandfather. Her mother and her father-in-law were overwhelmed by the day's events, but even so, they continued to glance at each other when they thought they could get away with it. There was an obvious attraction blooming with those two.

And Jason stood at the end of the bed, taking it all in like the alpha male that he was. And she loved him so much that it overwhelmed her at times. He was so handsome and so incredibly wonderful, she couldn't believe that so much happiness could be found in this world.

As Jason looked at her and smiled, his arms crossed arrogantly over his chest as he surveyed his domain, she thought briefly about her father and his machinations. If he could have foreseen how incredibly happy she was right now, and everyone surrounding her, he never would have demanded that she marry a complete stranger and have a baby with him.

But Emma was truly grateful that he was the monster that he was!

And now...a free introduction to the next 3 stories coming soon from Elizabeth Lennox!

"Love By Accident" Series....

The Beginning....

Rashid looked at the pink and pudgy thing in his mother's arms, disgusted and irritated. He didn't want to be here. He wanted to get back to his studies. His instructor was just telling him how to calculate an angle which was much more fascinating than whatever this...thing...was. "It's a girl," he said with nine year old disdain and stepped back from the bed where his mother was laying with the 'thing' in her arms. He didn't know why she wanted anyone else in the family. The three of them were just fine!

Lila, Rashid's mother laughed softly and nodded her head. "You're very smart," he teased. "She's a girl and she's very interested in meeting you." Lila looked down at her already handsome son with pride, understanding that he felt as if this new baby might usurp his place in her heart. She had to be gentle so that he knew that she loved him just as much as before the birth of their new baby.

Rashid glanced down once again, noting that the eyes in the round, pink face were closed. He discarded the notion that the baby was even remotely interested in meeting him. "I believe it's more concerned with sleep mother," he said carefully, not wanting to hurt her feelings, but still not interested in his new baby sister. "Besides, I wanted a brother. Not a sister."

Lila glanced up at the man standing at the end of the hospital bed with amusement. Majid El Hasham Busain, current Sheik of Tasain and one of the most handsome men she'd ever met in her life, looked down at his first born son with pride and amusement as well. When Lila looked back at her son, still standing stiffly beside the bed and pretending to not be interested in the baby girl, she chuckled. "Why would I want another boy? I have a perfect son with you," she replied and leaned over to kiss his dark hair.

Rashid sighed, leaning in to the kiss and stepping closer to his mother. "What are you going to call it?" he asked, trying to get into the spirit of the occasion. Since they were alone in the room, he accepted her affection but he didn't like it when others might see him. They might think he was weak if they knew how much he liked his mother's hugs and kisses and that couldn't be allowed. His father had told him over and over again how a ruler must never show weakness. And the people of Tasain loved his father, almost as much as he did, so the invincible man must be doing something correctly.

His father smiled down at his slightly larger family, beaming with delight. "Her name is Isla and she's going to love you just as much as we do, son."

Rashid felt better when his tall, strong father walked to the side of the bed next to him. "Will it cry?" Rashid asked carefully, slipping his hand into his father's larger one, feeling better when his warm, strong hand wrapped around his smaller one.

His mother laughed softly. "Your sister isn't an 'it', dear. And yes, Isla doesn't know how to talk yet so the only way she can tell us she's hungry or uncomfortable is by crying."

Rashid leaned against his father's strong leg. "I still don't understand why you wanted a baby," he grumbled.

He didn't see the look cross between his mother and father because he was watching as the pink bundle moved, her lips pouting together and one hand reaching out as if to touch him. Her eyes were still closed so he wasn't sure what she was doing, but he reluctantly agreed that pink wasn't such a bad color, as long as it was on a girl.

Nine years later....

"Come on!" Rashid called out, pulling eight year old Isla along behind him. "You've got to see this!" he said.

Isla ran as fast as her little legs could carry her, but her older brother was much taller. She hoped she could be as tall as he was when she got to be seventeen but she knew she had a long way to go before she could match her beloved brother.

Well, she loved him today. That wasn't always the case. Sometimes she just wanted to punch him but knew she shouldn't. She did on occasion though. And only when he wasn't expecting it because Rashid was fast and strong. The last time she'd done something to him, he'd caught her and tickled her until she was crying, which she didn't like. But most of the time, he was pretty nice. Especially when he helped her with her homework. He had a lot of patience with her then.

"Just trust me," he said, his deep voice and broad shoulders already more than matching his father's. In fact, they were the spitting image, except that Rashid was now slightly taller. The brother was extremely protective of his baby sister, especially since she'd transformed from a pink pudgy ball into a little girl he could play tricks on and he could talk to, when he wasn't talking with his father about everything from politics to economics.

"Is it mother?" Isla asked, concerned because she'd gotten so big lately. "Has the baby come yet?"

"You'll have to wait and see," he said, only slightly disappointed that she'd guessed so accurately. Most of the time, he enjoyed his sister's intelligence. He was glad she wasn't one of those irritating girls who only thought about shoes and clothes. Isla was smart and picked up on her lessons quickly. Otherwise, he would stay away from her as much as possible. He really disliked women who were brainless and there were enough of them in the world! Well, there were stupid men too, but he was thinking about the soft, sexy women and the way he liked to kiss them.

A horrible thought occurred to him and he stopped in the middle of the hallway. Isla stopped as well and looked up at him and he was startled to realize that his little sister was going to be a great beauty. Would some other man do to her the things he thought about doing to other women?

The idea of his sweet little sister in the arms of another man suddenly enraged him.

"What's wrong, Rashid?" Isla asked, suddenly worried about the furious expression on his face. He'd been so excited a moment ago, what had changed?

Rashid started to say something, his hand tightening on his arm as he looked down at her innocent expression. "Don't ever..." he started off, but stopped himself. He knew that his sister would eventually marry, but he gritted his teeth with determination. She wouldn't marry some jerk! Or someone like him, who....well, just not someone who would think of doing things to her that he thought of doing to other women. Things like kissing and touching their breasts, of moving inside....

No! She would be protected from that! She was sweet and innocent. She shouldn't even think about having sex, much less doing it. His mind always seemed to be thinking about sex and women and how lovely they were and how soft and pretty.

Dammit! He had a responsibility towards his little sister, and now there were two of them! What was a man to do?

Father would know, he thought to himself. Rashid knew he'd have a talk with his father as soon as possible. He had to protect his sisters now!

"Rashid?" Isla prompted when she saw his jaw clench. She put her hand on his shoulder, trying to comfort him as best she could. "Are you ill? Should I call a doctor?" Her mind frantically went through the possibilities but he didn't have any of the symptoms she'd read about in the medical books she'd snuck out of the palace library. She read them in secret, thinking they were the most fascinating things to read. But none of them helped her right at the moment. She couldn't discern any problems with Rashid and that scared her.

Just as suddenly as his ager came, Isla saw his face clear up and he smiled down at her. "It's nothing. I just thought of something I need to discuss with dad." He squeezed her hand to reassure her. "I promise, it's nothing I can't take care of."

Isla smiled and breathed a sigh of relief. He was right. Rashid could do anything and if he had trouble, father was always there to advise him. She sometimes became irritated with their discussions because they were always filled with boring talk of politics and money or buildings. That was so boring! But they liked it, so she tried very hard to keep quiet when they were intently arguing their side during a conversation.

Rashid pulled her along again and they were walking as quickly as possible towards the area where the palace hospital was located. The closer they got, the more concerned she became.

At the hospital room door, he looked down at her with an eager expression, then shoved open the door to allow her entrance.

Isla looked inside the room and saw her mother and father. "Mother, why are you in here?" she asked, more than a little worried because everything looked strange here. The bed wasn't comfortable like the one at the palace, and the people all were wearing strange clothes, very plain and dull.

She peered over the high bed, ignoring her mother and father's huge grins. Something was wiggling and she wanted to see. "What's that?" she asked as she noticed the baby. "It looks like a baby. Is that what was in your tummy?" she asked curiously.

Lila laughed and nodded her head. Patting the side of the bed, she encouraged her daughter to get a better look. Rashid came over and lifted his little sister up high. "Isn't she pretty?" her mother asked, her long, tapered finger running down the chubby cheek of the newborn.

Isla looked down, wondering what it was her mother and father saw in the baby. "She looks squished," she replied.

Lila looked at her husband and they both laughed.

"She'll get pretty, just like you," Majid said and took his daughter out of his son's arms. "Go ahead and hold her, Rashid. You never held Isla when she was a baby so this is your chance."

Majid came over and lifted Isla out of Rashid's arms, not giving him an excuse to avoid holding his newest baby sister.

Isla giggled as her father nuzzled her neck, but she watched with rapt attention as her fabulous brother gently lifted the baby out of their mother's arms. His face slowly changed from wariness to fascination as the tiny bundle opened her eyes and looked up at him.

Rashid looked down at the tiny infant, amazed that such a small human could actually survive. "She's so small!" he gasped.

Majid tickled his daughter. "Your brother was that size once," he said and laughed again at her disbelieving expression. "I have pictures," he said.

Isla looked from her giant father, to her huge brother and shook her head, crinkling up her nose. "Na ah," she argued. "Rashid was never a baby."

Rashid just rolled his eyes and handed the infant back to his mother. "I've received word back," he said, his tone ominous and he looked carefully at his little sister. "I've decided to accept Harvard's offer. I think they're the best school for business, which is what I think I should study for Tasain's future."

Isla didn't understand what he was talking about. "What's Harvard? And what did they offer you?"

Rashid's father pumped up with pride. "I know you'll do very well there, son."

Isla didn't like where this was going. Something was happening and she was instantly nervous. Her little arm went around her father's neck, holding him tighter because her father always protected her from bad things, even scaring away the monsters in her closet when she suspected they'd snuck back into the palace. "What's he going to do?"

Lila shifted her newborn daughter in her arms. "He's going to school, dear."

"But he goes to school here. We're in the same class."

Majid shook his head. "Next year, your big brother will be going away to school."

She didn't like that at all. "Will I be going too?"

Rashid shook his head. "You'll have to stay here and take care of our baby sister. Just like I took care of you, Isla. Zarah is going to need you to show her how to do things."

Isla felt very important all of a sudden and looked at the baby in her mother's arms. "Will she listen better than I do?"

Rashid laughed, as did her mother and father. "I certainly hope so."

Eight Years Later....

"Rashid!" Isla yelled out, immediately dropping her pencil to race across the school room, throwing herself into her brother's arms. "You're home!" she cried out, excited to see her older brother once again. "I can't believe you're finally home!"

Rashid grabbed his sister in a giant bear hug. "I've missed you too, brat," he said with deep emotion. He'd missed home and his sisters, his parents and all the wonderful scents that were co-mingled with his life here in Tasain. He loved this country and his family had always been the center of his life. He was sincerely glad to be back for good this time.

"My turn!" Zarah called out, stomping her foot impatiently when her older sister wouldn't let go of their brother. "Just because you turned fifteen doesn't mean you get to hog him all to yourself," she said, glaring at her sister's back.

Isla pulled back from her brother and grimaced up at him. "She's been a beast these past few weeks waiting for you."

Rashid looked down over his sister's head and spied the little grouch behind her. "So you've been misbehaving, have you?"

Zarah's face went from angry to horrified in seconds. "I have not!" she gasped. The tears formed in her pretty eyes and Rashid couldn't take the possibility of hurting her feelings. "I was just teasing, little one. Come here," he said and bent down with his arms wide open. When her little body hurtled into his arms, he pretended to fall backwards with the impact as she giggled her delight. He wrapped an arm around her back, protecting her as they tumbled to the marble floor and he laughed along with her.

As he looked up, he saw a tall figure glaring down at him and his grin widened. "Hello dad," he said, not bothering to get up off the floor since the seven year old Zarah seemed to be in no mood to release him. "I can't move with Zarah on top of me, sir," he explained.

Majid looked at his oldest, sprawled on the floor with his daughter's legs straddling his chest. "She does look like quite the victor," he replied.

Zarah jumped up, grinning from ear to ear and reached her hand out to assist her huge, older brother to his feet. "So I won this round?" she asked excitedly. She'd sparred with her sister on several occasions but never with her brother, although she'd watched him on many occasions during his breaks while sparring with his trainers. Rashid was magnificent as he fought all of them, sometimes more than one at a time. He was slowly learning to best all of them and she cheered him on whenever she was allowed to watch. She'd never beat her sister yet, but there was still time. She had high hopes that she could eventually be skilled enough to best both of them. She might be small, but she knew she was faster than both of them. And she was meaner, she thought to herself.

Isla rolled her eyes and shook her head. "He let you win, silly."

Rashid winked down at the deflated little girl. "Not true. She won fair and square."

"Your mother is waiting impatiently for your return," his father explained with a look that told Rashid that he needed to make haste to his mother's office or face dire consequences."

Rashid laughed as he bowed to his father. "I'm positive that she'll have some sort of horrible punishment if I don't greet her immediately." He turned to his sisters. "Will you both come with me?"

The four of them walked down the hallway towards the greenhouse. Sure enough, as soon as Rashid walked through the door, his mother rushed into his arms, but with a great deal more decorum than her daughters. "You're home! Oh, goodness, it's wonderful to see you again!"

"Hello, mother," Rashid said formally, bowing once she'd stepped back.

Lila looked at her oldest child, surveying his appearance to check for any signs of stress or problems. "How have you been? Have you been eating well? Not staying out too late with your rowdy friends from school, I hope?"

Rashid laughed softly and kissed her beautiful, still wrinkle free cheek. "I've been well. Have these two rug rats been driving you crazy?" he asked, referring to Isla and Zarah who were standing just behind him.

Lila laughed and shook her head. She opened her arms and both girls came to her side. "Just for the past few weeks waiting for you to finish your final exams and turn in all your papers." She hesitated for a moment. "I'm sorry we couldn't be there for your graduation this time," she said softly, her eyes filling with tears.

Rashid shook his head. "I understand, mom. I knew you were there in spirit," he assured her. He looked down at his sisters. "Besides, these two sent me enough letters so that I got homesick!" he ruffled Zarah's hair and chucked Isla underneath her chin. Knowing how to get even with them, he teased, "Have you chosen their husbands yet, dad?"

Majid sighed and slumped into a chair. "As if I could!" he stated, exasperation in every syllable.

"Don't you dare!" Lila admonished, shaking her finger at her husband. "They're way too young. Let them live a little before they have to deal with the insanity of a husband, or even the prospect of one!"

Majid opened his mouth to argue, but then shut it just as quickly when he saw his wife's stern gaze. He knew better than to bring up this subject with her. He'd tried on several occasions, explaining that they could form alliances early by simply betrothing the girls to their future husbands while letting them have their freedom now. It was done in every ruling family but she would have nothing to do with it. She'd been his betrothed since birth and it was just a stroke of incredible luck that they fell in love at first site. After meeting her when he was twenty-five, he'd never wanted another woman. She'd been only eighteen at the time, so he'd had to wait another two years before making her his bride, but he'd never regretted a moment of their time together. Now, twenty-six years later, he still loved her just as much as that first day.

"I'm never getting married," Zarah proclaimed and plopped herself down in one of the brocade covered chairs in her mother's office, crossing her arms over her chest with an emphatic nod. "Boys are gross."

"Hey!" her brother called out as he poured himself and his father a glass of bourbon.

"You're not a boy," Zarah giggled. "You're my brother!"

"Has Rashid's bride been chosen?" Isla asked, sitting more primly on the edge of another chair, looking curiously at her parents. She saw Rashid stiffen slightly, but then he relaxed and looked at his parents curiously.

Lila looked to Majid, trying to hide her concern. "Your father has been offered several potential brides but to date, he's resisted pinning anyone down." She said that with scorn because her handsome, wonderful husband's biggest fault was his sexist attitudes. He wanted to quickly select husbands for his daughters but wanted to let Rashid have a few more years of freedom.

Majid rolled his eyes. "Woman, you know the issue there! He's a man! He needs to..." he started to say but then stopped as he looked at his two daughters. "Well, never mind. We'll discuss this later."

Lila accepted the chilled glass of white wine Rashid brought to her, all the while, shaking her head. "We will not discuss this further, my love."

Majid looked at his son who was holding back his amusement over the bickering of his parents. "Don't laugh, son. Wait until you marry! I'll bet that you'll be manipulated just as easily by your bride as I am by mine."

Rashid bowed slightly, pretending to accept his father's guidance. But in his mind, he knew he'd never allow a female, especially his wife, to disobey his commands. He would have a biddable wife who was beautiful and intelligent, but who would trust him and his decisions.

Lila stood up and raised her hand. "Enough about your future spouses. I'm sure they will all be absolutely wonderful and I look forward to each and every one of you getting exactly the man or woman you deserve," she said and looked darkly at her son who was arrogantly leaning against the door frame. Her look was blatantly saying that she expected his wife to be just as biddable as he was, which was not at all. "It is time for dinner and I'm truly grateful to have all of you here again at last."

