Chapter 1

"He has to be here tonight," she whispered to her image in the mirror, shivering slightly when the cold air from the open window touched her bare skin. "He just has to be here." Clarissa Montgomery smoothed her soft, brown curls and checked her pink lipstick one more time.

Clarissa stared at the cleavage revealed by the low cut dress and push up bra as goose bumps formed on her arms and chest. It was more revealing than anything she'd ever worn before and she couldn't help being painfully self-conscious in the dress.

She fidgeted and tried to adjust the dress so it was more comfortable, but to no avail. How did women wear these things, she wondered? She pulled the neckline up a bit, then sighed and pulled it back down, reminding herself of her mission. A conservative dress hadn't gotten her any results so far. She needed to be daring. In order to catch a fish, she thought to herself, she needed the right bait.

Turning away from the mirror, she almost tripped over the chair to her desk since she wasn't used to the new shoes she'd purchased for the dress. As she held onto the back of the chair, her violet eyes once again saw the screen and she cringed. The computer at her desk mocked her. She re-read the e-mail from her best friend, sighing as Jennifer talked about the latest pregnancy details. Her friends from college, the ones that she'd done everything with, gone everywhere, were all married although not all happily, with her best friend more than twenty weeks along in her pregnancy. Yet, here she was, the last remaining virgin on the planet. She felt like she was a freak from another era.

Tonight, she was going to change that though. Her status as a pathetic, twenty five year old virgin was definitely going to change. And she had just the man in mind to help her with that goal. That meant it was imperative that the man actually show up so she could work whatever wiles she could dream up and get him to change her status, and she was back to her original dilemma.

"It's now or never," she told her reflection. "I can just stand here and worry about what might happen, or I can get out there and make it happen." Her lips firmed in determination and she took a deep breath. "Time to face the music."

Grabbing her small beaded purse from the dresser, she left the cozy, one bedroom cottage, slamming the door behind her to make sure it closed properly since it refused at times. She negotiated the stepping stones carefully with her higher than normal heels and then made her way to the main house. It was a short walk since she lived on her father's massive estate in what used to be the old gate keeper's residence. She'd convinced her father to let her rent it and had happily restored the old style house to its former glory. It had been painstaking since she refused all of her father's monetary help, wanting to do it on her own like any other normal career woman starting out in the world.

She'd wanted normal all her life but being the only daughter to a billionaire limited that fantasy to a large degree. That was one of the reasons she was still a virgin, and one of the reasons tonight was so important. She had to break out of this phase in her life.

Because of her father's wealth, she couldn't live outside the gates of the estate for safety reasons, she knew but at least she could pride herself that she was independent, in an off center kind of way. Being the daughter to such a wealthy man meant there was always the threat of kidnapping to worry about. She'd argued with her father to let her have her own career and apartment but he was unrelenting. Instead of giving in to a wave of self-pity because she had no control over her life, with her vivid imagination, she'd turned his refusal to allow her to live on her own into a show of love from him. In her own mind where she could create whatever ideas she wanted and suited her needs, she credited him with not wanting to risk her life or make him worry about her security. The unfortunate reality was, he simply didn't want to lose millions by having to pay to a kidnapper if anything had actually happened to her.

That's okay, she reminded herself as she ducked beneath the willow tree and surveyed the large, elegantly dressed crowd that had already formed in her father's backyard. There were perks to her current situation and tonight, she was going to take advantage of one. The party wasn't difficult to view since the whole area was lit up with twinkle lights woven into the trees, candles on every table, torches lining the multi-layered patios while flood lights strategically lit up the fabulous looking pool and meticulously manicured gardens. There was a well known singer on stage already belting out her latest number one hit and guests in a rainbow of elegant, designer clothes mingled, laughed and celebrated her father's sixtieth birthday together while drinking champagne that cost more per bottle than some people's entire monthly salary.

Clarissa might have been born into this world, but she didn't have to agree with it. She worked hard to buy her own clothes and her own food and she even paid her father a monthly rent equivalent to what another apartment would cost her in town, even if he never bothered to cash the checks. She made her own money, even if her father disagreed that translating manuscripts and documents was not really a career.

And that part hurt. She argued against her father's opinion of her career choice, albeit to herself. Everyone had a career ladder to climb. Hers was just a little more ambiguous. For instance, she had translated several difficult technical documents over the past several years which had grown her reputation and her hard work had built up a very good clientele. But she could do better, she knew. She wanted to start her own company and expand into other areas of translation. And why shouldn't she build something more? She had a great standing in many companies and the know-how to start a business after years of listening to her father and his cronies discuss the strengths and weaknesses of various companies they were taking over or creating. She'd absorbed every detail over the years and soon she would put all that inside information to good use.

Tonight, however, was only about her personal goals she told herself as she pushed her father's dislike of her chosen career out of her mind. Who cared if he scoffed at her work? She found it satisfying and intellectually stimulating so she refused to care what he thought.

This night, this party and her wearing this particular dress had nothing to do with her career or making new connections professionally. She had a private goal in mind and only one man who could fulfill that ambition. Tonight, she was going to go through with her proposition to him no matter how terrified she was.

Her father had been thrilled when she'd asked if one particular name had been on the guest list. He would bend over backwards if Clarissa desired a marriage to this particular man. But Clarissa was having nothing to do with marriage. Oh, she loved romance novels and happy ever after movies with sweet, sappy endings that made a person weep and sigh at the same time. They were wonderful and she gorged on them in her spare time. Marriage, however, was not in her future.

"Clarissa!" a female voice said from a few feet away.

Clarissa looked to her right and smothered a cringe. Vanessa Brightridge was bearing down on her with a determined look, pulling her husband along in her wake. "Good evening, Vanessa. How are you?" she asked, accepting the air kisses the pretentious woman doled out as a way to mimic a closer friendship than was real.

"I'm doing great!" she exclaimed with a soft, husky laugh. "Your father definitely knows how to throw a party, doesn't he?" Her eyes were bright with excitement and anticipation as she considered all the possibilities, in the form of men probably.

Clarissa ignored the poor grammar and looked around at the guests casually strolling around the patio and pool area of her father's backyard and wondered how many were genuinely enjoying themselves. Suppressing that cynical reaction to people she didn't know and, therefore, shouldn't judge, she smiled and ignored the pretentiousness surrounding her. "Yes, he definitely has a way with entertainment," she replied, knowing that her father simply called up a party organizing firm and they did most of the work. All her father did was ask his secretary to provide the firm a list of guests. He probably hadn't even reviewed the list, delegating even that task to the woman who ran his office with an iron hand.

Clarissa pretended to listen to the woman's inane chatter while considering the ironic fact that Vanessa probably knew exactly who had organized this event, most likely had used the same firm in previous entertaining efforts, but insisted that her father receive all the credit for the event. Clarissa detested the hypocrisy of it all.

She looked around the patio, apparently giving Vanessa the appropriate responses since she continued to talk, almost without taking a breath. Clarissa saw one of her father's friends flirting daringly with another woman, one who was not his wife. Or at least, it wasn't his current wife. Clarissa wasn't exactly sure what his previous wives looked like but she assumed they were all similar; blond, painfully thin and perfectly made up.

Sighing, she wondered why life wasn't more like some of her favorite romance novels. Man meets woman, both fall in love and live happily ever after, both dedicating their lives to each other.

That wasn't reality, she knew, accepting more accolades on behalf of her father as other guests came over to talk with Vanessa, including Clarissa in their group simply out of proximity.

Clarissa didn't argue the double standards of her marriage beliefs though she'd never tell anyone about her horror of the married state. She wanted nothing to do with a wedding and the types of marriages her peers were experiencing. Marriage for wealthy people was not a real relationship but simply a means to an end, either commercial or political, and she would not subject herself to that kind of degradation. She wanted more than a business transaction for her personal relationship.

She kept her opinions of marriage to herself though. Her dislike of the married state had sent her father into an apoplectic fury a couple of years ago. The one time she'd expressed that thought to her father, she'd regretted it. He'd blown up at the idea of his only daughter not marrying and producing the requisite heir. To him, life was all about continuing on the legacy and the only way to do that was to marry well and stay inside one's circle of acquaintances.

Although she now kept her ideas to herself and smiled at all the lovely weddings of each of her friends, deep down, Clarissa knew she'd never marry. She'd seen the kinds of marriages that existed in high society and she wanted nothing to do with it. Oh, she hoped and believed in love. Completely. She desperately hoped she'd one day fall in love, but not to marry. No, her relationship would have to remain outside the bounds of matrimony. Why ruin a perfectly good relationship by marrying? Her father had done it four times. What a waste of good energy.

Scanning the crowds, she was slightly taken aback when she realized that the man she'd been hoping desperately to see hadn't arrived yet. This was horrible, she thought to herself. She touched the slender strap of her dress nervously, feeling awkward as more of the other guests started to notice her off to the side. She'd been counting on finding him immediately. In her dream world, she arrived, saw him immediately, he'd take one look at her in the dress and walk over to where she was standing. His eyes would fire with desire and he would gently take her into his arms and whisper in her ear how much he wanted to make love to her.

Another guest came over and greeted her, another air kiss and more inane chatter. All the time, Clarissa was going through the various fantasies of how she'd wished this evening would have progressed. Okay, she thought to herself as she only partially listened to the people around her and the music, some of the details seem a little cheesy and unrealistic. She knew that it wouldn't be that easy and she'd rehearsed a speech just in case she had to lay out to him in a more obvious way what she was hoping to happen between the two of them. But all of her speeches ended in the same way, with him picking her up in his arms, overcome with passion and he would carry her off to his bed and....she cleared her mind and re-focused on the party, hating the way some of the men looked her up and down, smilingly lasciviously in her direction.

He just had to come to the party, she told herself for the millionth time.

She stood under the willow tree, separated by the shadows from the party hoping to get a glance at the man she was searching for but, no matter how much she hoped and prayed, he still didn't appear. Glancing at her watch, she felt a deep sense of disappointment as she acknowledged that he probably wasn't going to show if he wasn't here already. Her disappointment intensified as she accepted that it was time for her to greet her father and a few others and become a member of the party once again, leaving the sanctuary of willow tree. But once the social necessities were finished, she could head back to her cottage and take off this silly dress and relax, regroup and figure out her next move.

Stepping out of the shadows and onto the patio, Clarissa pasted a bright smile on her face and searched out her father. Him, she'd seen a few minutes ago so she knew exactly where to find him. Heading for one of the bars, she found James Montgomery in a small group of people who were all laughing uproariously at some joke. Clarissa stood on the outskirts for a moment, waiting for the laughter to die down slightly before she worked her way through he crowd to greet her father.

Taking a deep breath, she stepped forward, only to be knocked back slightly when a woman pushed carelessly in an attempt to steady herself. Clarissa studied the crowd for all of five seconds before turning around, getting ready to leave. She'd tried in good faith, she told herself. If her father wanted to be surrounded by all these sycophants then let him but she wanted no part of it. She turned on her heel, prepared to slowly walk through the crowd back to the oasis of her cottage when she was suddenly faced with a very large, very masculine chest. She looked up, then up again. And up some more since Maximillian Diantes was only inches from her.

"You're not leaving so soon, are you, cara?" his deep voice said, his amused eyes traveling over her delicate features.

Clarissa saw his eyes move from her face down her figure and was only a little disappointed when his eyes changed from amused to shocked when he took in her low cut dress. She ignored his expression, too excited to see him after accepting that he was going to be a no-show tonight. As her joy washed over her at the sight of him, her whole body started quivering with excitement. "Signor Diantes!" she gasped, unable to hide her pleasure. Oh how she loved the soft lilt of his words, his Italian accent softly floating through the air, making all of his words sound as if they were a caress.

"I thought we agreed you would call me Max," he said, tucking her hand into the bend of his elbow and turning her around. "Were you trying to greet your father?" he asked gallantly, weaving his way through the crowd that seemed to melt away for him.

Clarissa glanced down, wanting to tug her dress higher, suddenly self-conscious with his sexy, dark eyes looking down at her. She felt small and silly dressed like this. Kind of like a school girl trying to impress her older brother's friends, which was painfully gauche, she knew.

Her hand lightly held onto his arm, her fingers discovering muscles underneath the perfectly tailored tuxedo jacket. "I was trying but gave up, unable to squeeze through the crowd surrounding him," she said softly, wishing she could put more force behind her words.

By that time, Max had maneuvered them to the center of the group and her father spotted her. "Clarissa!" she heard her father's booming voice greet her. "And Max! Good to see you!"

Clarissa stepped back slightly, knowing that her father was more interested in Max than in her. But Max was having none of it and while James Montgomery tried to pump Max's hand in greeting, Max pulled her forward, blocking out the crowds and creating a small group of just the three of them. "You're lovely daughter," he said, indicating Clarissa, "was about to be swallowed up by the crowds," he explained. "I saved her from escape," he joked.

James looked over at her as if he'd just realized she was there. Perking up and doing exactly as he knew he should, he smiled. "Clarissa, Dear! Are you having a good time?" he asked. "What do you think of the music?" he suggested, talking to her as if she were three years old and the musicians were playing "Old McDonald". Clarissa cringed, wishing he could see her as an adult instead of his child. But what could she expect? He probably didn't know she was twenty five, so how was he expected to treat her that way? The man had attended possibly four of her birthdays over the years. And that attendance lasted for a cumulative total of perhaps thirty minutes, assuming that the staff would ensure that her birthday parties progressed properly.

Sighing, Clarissa leaned forward, giving her father the regulatory kiss on the cheek. "Happy birthday, father," she said automatically. "It's a lovely party."

James looked around proudly. "I think so. I'm flattered everyone's here to celebrate an old man getting one year older." The crowd around them heard and did the obvious and expected. They cheered, raising their glasses in salute, some even wishing him a happy twenty-first birthday. Such was the life of a billionaire, she thought sadly. How could her father ever know if someone was sincere? The people milling about certainly didn't appear to be overly concerned with their host's health. They were more likely to cause a stink if the champagne or excellent hor's d'ouevres ran out.

"Well, go ahead and have some fun," her father dismissed her. "And don't leave too early," he admonished. "I know Kelly scheduled a couple more rock singers."

Clarissa smiled stiffly and stepped away, glad that she'd done her duty and her father considered her mission accomplished. The other guests had seen her greet him, he'd been enthusiastic and fatherly, and now they could go their separate ways.

Sighing, she stepped away and walked over to one of the bars. "Club soda, please," she ordered, unaware that Max had followed her.

"Bourbon," he said right beside her, leaning against the bar to watch her carefully.

They picked up their drinks and walked away, Clarissa moving to a more secluded, quieter spot than the center of the party where her father continued to reign as king.

"I take it you're not a big fan of rock music?" he asked softly, his deep voice soothing over her frazzled nerves.

Clarissa shook her head and looked down at the tiles of the patio. "No. I'm not really a rock fan," she said softly. Then looked up at him shyly. "But please don't let me hold you back if you're interested in the music. I know there's dancing over by the pool," she suggested.

Max smiled enigmatically. "I don't think I'd feel comfortable leaving you in that dress, cara. What did your father say when he saw you?"

Clarissa wasn't sure how, but she had forgotten about the sexy dress until his admonishment. She shouldn't have been surprised at his comment, especially when the dress had been purchased solely to lure him, wasn't what she was hoping for. She shook her head in frustration. A femme fatale, she wasn't. "I doubt my father even realized what color my dress is," she said as she looked back at the party and took a seat on the bench behind her.

"Ah, well, I'll have to inform him that it is a very pretty pink with small roses across the back and a very....feminine cut."

Clarissa perked up. He'd noticed? She turned her soft blue eyes to his, searching his features hopefully as he looked down at her. The man was too gorgeous for words, she thought. And if only she could figure out how to entice him, her evening would be perfect. He was so tall, she thought. And muscular! Her heart skipped a beat as his sexy, bedroom eyes smiled down at her. Her eyes moved lower, looking at the lips she longed to kiss, wondering if he would be a demanding lover or a soft, affectionate one. She shivered at the idea, knowing that anyone as overwhelmingly male as Max would be demanding. The man positively oozed sex appeal, she thought.

Unfortunately, instead of some witty, seductive remark that would encourage him in some not-so-subtle way, all she could manage was a pathetic, "Thank you," in response.

"You're welcome. Would you dance with me?" he asked with supreme confidence that she would accept. The music had changed from a hard thumping rock beat to a softer, jazzier tempo.

And of course, she did. She slid her hand through his arm, allowing him to guide her through the throngs of people and onto the hardwood dance floor that had been specially built for tonight's party.

Sliding into his arms, feeling his large, warm hand close over hers, she became even more determined than ever to finish this evening out as she'd planned. It had taken her a month to find the perfect dress and even then, she hadn't known if he would be attending. So now that he was here and she was wearing what was undeniably a sexy dress, she had to figure out how to make this night end with the hoped for result.

Seeing all the space he maintained between their bodies, she became slightly discouraged but no less determined. Unfortunately, she wasn't exactly sure how to close the gap between their bodies. Sighing, she wondered why men treated her as if she were made of glass. Max was no different, she thought with frustration and a large mix of irritation that he would treat her just as other men did. Why was he being so nice? She read the papers, for goodness sake! She knew that other women threw themselves at him and, according to the gossip columns; he was finicky but generally always had some woman warming his bed. Why not her? Tonight!

Knowing that her wayward thoughts wouldn't get her goal accomplished, she focused on the man, figuring she should get to know him better so she could find a way to get him to move closer to her. "Why were you delayed?" she asked, trying desperately for a topic of conversation.

"I had meetings that lasted until about a half hour ago. But my intention was always to come here tonight," he replied, swinging her out of the way of a couple that had imbibed too liberally of the flowing champagne. "And what have you been up to since I last saw you? I think you mentioned something about a French work you were translating."

She smiled, delighted that he remembered their conversation. "I finished that. It was fascinating. Unfortunately, I'm translating a very dry, very tedious users' manual for a software product now," she explained. "Definitely not as interesting as the French mystery."

"How many languages do you speak?" he asked, twirling her under his arm gracefully.

Clarissa's heartbeat increased. How could such a large man be so wonderful of a dancer? He should be clumsy and awkward but he managed to lead her through all the steps as if he were born on the dance floor.

"I speak three, not including English but my forte is French."

"Italian?" he suggested, speaking of his mother tongue.

She smiled brightly. "Not yet but I'm going to learn it."

"Belissimo," he replied, his voice coming over her skin like a piece of rich satin. His eyes were looking at her as if she'd accomplished something magnificent instead of only language translations. She didn't understand this man, but that only made her more determined. He was the one, she thought to herself.

Max stared down at the incredibly soft beauty in his arms and almost had to grit his teeth. Did she have any idea how lovely she looked when she smiled? Her full, pink lips were any man's dream. He'd had many fantasies about them and he had to stop. That kind of thinking would be bad. It wasn't appropriate to think of this delicate woman like that. She should be protected and cared for. Not lusted after.

"I saw that the merger with Lexor is about to be finalized. I'm impressed. How did you get them to agree to your offer?" she asked, her soft, pretty blue eyes encouraging him to talk.

This woman continued to surprise him. No other woman of his acquaintance would follow the business news except to ensure that he was still rated number one on the richest men in the world list. Yet this tiny, delicate beauty knew of his recent acquisition. He had to resist her lures. She was not the type to dally and he had too much respect for her to even think along those lines.

"The merger is now final. That was one of the reasons I was late. The news will be in the papers tomorrow morning," he said softly, unable to stop himself when he pulled her closer. There were still several inches between them, but he justified his actions by looking around and seeing other couples that were not as considerate, bumping into others. No one would harm this woman, he thought to himself.

She laughed softly. "You bought them out, didn't you?"

His eyes smiled down at her. "Why do you say that?"

"Because a year ago, Lexor Pharmaceuticals vowed they would never be bought out. The CEO swore that they had enough cash to handle any hostile takeovers. And here you are," she said proudly, "the new owner of a multi-billion dollar corporation. And yet, this holding represents only a small portion of your current empire. How did you do it so quickly?" she asked, genuinely curious.

Max shrugged and spun her around. "Some would say luck."

Clarissa stared up at this handsome, dynamic man for a long moment. Then shook her head, her long, brown curls teasing his hand on her back unknowingly. "No. You're brilliant," she countered. "I don't think luck has much to do with anything you touch."

He grinned down at her. "Luck, my lady, has everything to do with business."

She laughed and shook her head. "No. Luck implies a gamble."

"You don't think business is a little like gambling?"

She laughed softly but lifted her shoulder dismissively. "Oh, sure. For the rest of us ordinary people I'm sure it has a lot to do with gambling."

He raised a dark eyebrow at that comment. "But you think my success is based on something more."

Clarissa smiled brightly, her decision to make him her first lover was reinforced by his lack of bragging about his business endeavors. "If you want to call it gambling, then I believe you're stacking the deck in your favor."

Max laughed openly, delighted with her wit. "How would I stack the deck?"

"You know too much about everything and everyone," she replied. "The Lexor acquisition, for instance," she prompted. She noticed his eyebrows rise in question. "That was completed only when the competition declared they would lower their prices."

"That would indicate more competition," he challenged. "Not a good target, my dear."

Her smile turned mischievous. "Ah, one would think," she laughed, shaking her head. "But I have it on good authority that someone bought out a major supplier for Lexor and it caused a small disruption in their laboratory. Not good for Lexor's stock prices, I'm guessing."

"Where did you hear such awful things?" he asked, his eyes lit with his amusement and enchantment.

"Oh," she lifted her hand from his broad shoulder, waving it in the air for a moment before returning to the original place. "Maybe a little birdie told me," she said airily. "Or maybe it was in the papers about three months ago."

Max laughed again. "You read too much," he said and swung her about.

They were interrupted a moment later by a business acquaintance of Max's wanting to talk and Clarissa tried to escape, intending to give him a bit of privacy, but he wouldn't allow it. He kept her by his side, keeping her in the conversation while he mingled with the other guests. Clarissa tried not to let the warmth of his hand covering hers seep into her body but she couldn't help the sparkle of hope that flared when he kept her by his side. That had to mean something, didn't it?

Several hours later, Clarissa was thrilled, terrified and almost shaking with anticipation. Max had been so solicitous all evening, making sure she had a fresh drink, bringing her around the party with her on his arm, as if they had arrived together, and would soon leave together. He ensured she was included in all the conversations and even showed his admiration for her conversational gambits on several occasions.

And what was even better, there had been several times he'd pulled her closer, his hand resting easily on her waist when a waiter passed or someone tried to slip behind them and the space was too tight. Those moments were wonderful and each time, she almost snuggled closer to his strong, muscular chest, inhaling his spicy cologne and his enticing, masculine scent.

When she started to fade, he noticed her fatigue and immediately offered to walk her to her small house. As they made their way to her small cottage, Clarissa's body started shaking. She wasn't sure if it was due more to fear or excitement, but she was determined to go through with this plan. She just hoped Max didn't feel her trembling. She couldn't imagine what he might think of her if he could feel how nervous she was.

"Thank you for walking me back to my house," Clarissa said, her eyes looking up into his hopefully. "Would you like to come in for a drink?" she asked then berated herself. Why on earth would the man want to come in for a drink at her place when he could have a much better offering in both quality and quantity fifty feet away at her father's party?

"I don't think so, but I appreciate the offer." He lifted her hand to his lips and gently kissed her fingers. "Thank you for the dance and for the company. I apologize for monopolizing your time but I feel honored that you gave me the privilege."

Clarissa's fingers tingled where his lips had touched. She wanted to pull him inside and show him what she wanted from him. But she didn't have that kind of courage. "You're welcome," she replied, wishing she could come up with something else to say. Something that would hold him here, until she built up enough courage to ask him her question.

"I'll leave you to your beauty sleep," he said, lifting her hand once again to kiss her fingers goodbye. Without another word, he turned on his heel and left, disappearing into the darkness of the shade trees for a moment, and then reappearing at the edge of the patio. He turned right at that moment and looked back, waving to her before entering the party fray once more.

Clarissa sighed, her shoulders drooping in defeat. She went into her cottage and pulled the drapes, trying to shut out the party but the cottage wasn't very well insulated so she could hear the music no matter what she did. From experience, she knew that the party would continue until the wee hours of the morning and she'd be unable to sleep while it lasted. She could go into the big house and curl up in one of the guest rooms and she wouldn't hear a thing since the house was hermetically sealed and sound proofed. But she didn't want to rely on her father for anything. Even if it was only a good night's sleep.

She pulled off the dress and grabbed a pair of comfortable jeans and an old tee-shirt, not bothering with a bra since no one was around to see her. Slipping out into the night, she found her favorite bench and sat down, watching the party with only half her mind while the other half built fantasies starring her favorite Italian businessman. None would come true, she told herself but it was nice to think about him falling in love with her, falling to his knees to profess his love and undying dedication to her.

Clarissa snorted. Not likely, she thought to herself as she watched him talk to a beautiful blond woman who draped herself against him. How was she supposed to compete with someone like that? She had brown hair, pretty eyes and a nothing to talk about figure. If he were to choose between her slim shape or the woman with the enormous breasts that were practically coming out of her dress, she could figure out which way he would lean.

She wanted to scream out or run over to the massive-boobed woman and tear her arms off of him. But she did neither. She simply crossed her arms over her own chest and sank deeper into the darkness. Thankfully, Max and the woman moved out of sight so she wasn't tormented anymore.

Chapter 2

Max stifled an irritated groan when Belinda pushed herself against him. Would the woman never quit? Belinda Myers had been hounding him for an affair for over two months and he'd turned down her not so subtle hints so many times, he was sure she would get the picture.

Obviously, he'd have to be more specific.

His mind drifted back to the other, more beautiful woman he'd held in his arms earlier in the evening and wished she were still here. He'd like to talk with her more, dance with her again. But then he was reminded of her sweet, innocent face and the look in her eyes that told him she wanted him. His body hardened instantly, painfully at just the idea of taking her soft, sexy, slender body to bed. But she was definitely off limits. There were women a man could enjoy but Clarissa was in the marrying category and he was not in the market for a wife. Perhaps in a few years, he thought. His mother had been nagging him for grandchildren for a while now.

No, Clarissa Montgomery was not a casual affair kind of woman. Her mind worked in different ways and he could only consider her in one light and it was not for the pleasure of the moment. But he knew instinctively that she would be immensely pleasurable. Her soft curves and the way she fit in his arms as well as the sweet, enticing expression on her face told him that she wouldn't be cold in bed. Yes, perfect wife material. In a few years, he reminded himself, groaning as his body ached with the need to possess a woman he shouldn't even be thinking about in a sexual way.

Once he'd extricated himself from the limber and tenacious Belinda, he looked around the party. He'd been hoping to discuss a business issue with James but he was tied up with friends and Max didn't want to disturb him.

Setting his glass on the table behind him, he waved at James, indicating he would be leaving.

The valet brought his car around and he couldn't help as his eyes glanced over at the small cottage at the edge of the estate. She was there, sleeping in the bed covered with the chintz quilt he'd seen through the windows as he'd dropped her off. She was probably all soft and warm and most likely sexy as hell. Max cursed under his breath as his body instantly reacted to the image. It was more painful this time and he had to close his eyes and concentrate to get his body under control. He hadn't been this impatient for a woman since he was a teenager, he realized.

Maybe it was just the idea that she was off limits that was making him want her so much. Perhaps it was her sweetness that was refreshing after being amongst the bitter, mercenary and not so scrupulous business acquaintances floating around at most of the gatherings he attended. He probably just needed to get home to his village in Sicily and ground himself with his mother and sister, he thought.

So why was it that he turned off the driveway leading to the street and headed toward the small carriage house instead of driving himself back into the city to his own place? He had no idea, but was startled when he caught a glimpse of his prey with the headlights. She wasn't sleeping, he realized and ignored the jolt of sexual anticipation he felt as he turned off the powerful engine.

Stepping out of his car, he could still hear the noise from the party and understood why she was out here in the cool night air instead of tucked away in her bed where she should be. Somewhere safe from his prying eyes.

"What are you doing out here, piccola?" he asked as he rounded the car and walked toward her.

Clarissa blinked. He was here? Max was here and walking toward her? Was it just her mind playing tricks on her once again or was this real?

He certainly felt real, she thought as his large frame sat down next to her. His long, muscular arm rested against the back of the bench, part of his sleeve touching her back and she wanted desperately to lean into him and feel his warmth.

"I can't sleep during these events," she explained, butterflies were rippling through her stomach and she felt weak, glad for the bench which hid her nervousness. "What are you doing here? Why aren't you up at the party having a good time?"

He smiled and took a lock of brown hair that had been laying against her shoulder, rubbing the silky tresses between his fingers. "Because you left. It was boring after that," he said, a charming, sexy smile forming across a mouth that usually looked hard so it shouldn't be sexy.

Her eyes widened as she stared up at his handsome face while her breath became trapped in her throat. "Oh," was all she could say. She cleared her throat and sat up straighter, but kept her arms crossed over her chest, painfully aware that she wasn't wearing a bra. The thin tee-shirt showed everything to his knowing eyes.

"Why did you leave the party if you weren't tired?" he asked gently.

Clarissa looked down at her hands which were on her up drawn knees. "I don't really fit into that kind of event."

"I disagree. I think you'd be perfect at any event."

Clarissa laughed softly. "You're just being nice."

Max grimaced. "I don't think I've ever met a person who would describe me as nice."

She was startled by that revelation, her eyes snapping back to his to gauge if he was teasing her. The look on his face told her he was completely serious. "Then they don't know you very well." She saw the honesty and intelligence, even in the darkness. And the man had always been excruciatingly kind to her. She bit her lip as the thought popped into her mind that she wished he wasn't so kind. If he'd bend his rules just a little, she might be curled up against him, finally understanding what passion was about.

Max could contradict her, knowing that many of his acquaintances would not consider him nice in any way. In fact, the most polite term anyone had used to describe him was "merciless" when it came to business. Women might be a little kinder, but even the ladies wouldn't apply that adjective to his character. He didn't contradict her though. He found that he liked the idea that she thought he was nice. Although he grimaced at the tame description. There were many things he wanted her to feel about him but nice was adequate for now. Later, when they were married, he'd work on other descriptions, he promised himself.

His mouth formed a half smile, showing his cynicism better than words could do. "I think you're a very sweet person."

Clarissa's head fell back and she sighed heavily. "I know."

Max chuckled. "Is that a bad thing?" he questioned, his eyes glancing at her long, slender neck. He imagined bending down and kissing her, just at the base where her pulse beat delicately against her satin skin. Max's body, already hard and primed, didn't like the temptation so he forced his eyes to move higher. That didn't help much, since his eyes were resting on her sweet, kissable mouth.

She didn't answer for a moment but finally said, "I don't want to be sweet or nice or any of those adjectives. I want to be...."

"What?" he prompted when she didn't continue.

"Sexy," she whispered. "And possibly sophisticated, glamorous, beautiful." She grimaced. "All those lovely adjectives that indicate a man is interested." Clarissa was grateful for the darkness which hid the blush she knew would be coloring her cheeks. Blushing definitely wasn't sophisticated and glamorous and she couldn't remember anyone saying that a red face was beautiful.

After a long, stunned silence, Max couldn't stop the laughter that bubbled up inside his chest. "I think those terms would be very applicable to you."

Clarissa rolled her eyes. "There you go again, being nice."

Max shook his head. "You don't look in the mirror very often, do you?"

"I try to avoid it," she replied, her eyes focusing on her nails. She didn't want to look at his face, fear of seeing the pity she knew would be present.

Max took her hand in his, forcing her eyes to look back up at him. He waited until her soft, brown eyes were looking into his own before he said, "Then perhaps you should start. You're very pretty, Clarissa. Just because a man doesn't maul you, doesn't mean he's not interested."

She prayed that he couldn't feel the tremors in the hand he held but she was too shy to hold his gaze during such a frank discussion. "I won't argue the point since I don't have enough experience to do so."

He was quiet for a long moment as he studied her downcast features in the dim light coming from the party's floodlights as well as the security lights hidden in the trees behind the bench. "Tell me what's bothering you," he asked softly.

Clarissa didn't know if it was the darkness or the noise from the party but there was a feeling of intimacy between the two of them that made her feel as if she could confide in him. Taking a deep breath, she started off by saying, "I just want to know what its like to feel passion," she said as if she'd revealed a horrible secret. "Is that so awful?" she asked. "I mean, I'm twenty-five years old and haven't felt the slightest twinge of interest in a man."

Max hid his surprise exceedingly well but he couldn't deny the satisfaction that settled deep in his chest. His next words pushed him into dangerous territory but he couldn't stop them from coming. "And you'd like to feel passion?"

"Of course. Who wouldn't?"

"Why do you think you've never felt anything for any of the men you've dated?"

She thought about that for only a moment before grinning. "Perhaps I'm gay?" she suggested impishly.

Max threw back his head and laughed. "You think so? Are you attracted to women?"

Clarissa's grin disappeared. "No." She sighed heavily, wondering if there was something wrong with her. The men she had dated in the past definitely tried to maul her on a regular basis. To the point where she didn't date anymore. And the one man she was powerfully attracted to wasn't interested in her in a sexual way. Very frustrating.

"There's one way to find out," he suggested and before Clarissa knew what he was going to do, he'd leaned forward and pressed his hard, firm mouth against hers. She was so surprised, she felt herself gasp but that only gave him better access to her mouth. Once the surprise had vanished, the feelings took over. Her hands dropped from her knees, her legs straightened out and she sat up straighter, eager to get closer to the man who was showing her what kissing was really about.

They weren't touching anywhere but their mouths, Max's left hand still resting along the back of the bench while his other stayed in his lap. But his mouth moved over hers, decimating all her school girl fantasies about what a kiss would be like when there was desire behind it. This wasn't softness or a sweet, fluttering feeling as she'd been thinking a kiss would generate. No, this was a toe curling, mind boggling rush of desire that immediately pooled in her stomach, then dropped lower, her body aching while her mind stopped working.

All too soon, he pulled back and looked down at her. His eyes examined her flushed face and glazed eyes with satisfaction. "So? What's the verdict?" He was having a great deal of trouble pulling back and not shoving his hands into her soft, curling hair or pulling her against him and continuing the kiss, deepening it and touching her body with his hands, feeling her softness. He was still painfully hard and he realized he'd never had this much trouble controlling his desire for a woman before. She was like an aphrodisiac and Madonna all rolled into one slender, sexy package and the impact was mind-blowing.

Clarissa wanted to smile. She tried to smile as if to shrug off the amazing feelings that were tingling all up and down her body making her feel as if the world were sparkling. Unfortunately, she was too stunned, amazed and overwhelmed to do anything more than shake her head. "No, definitely not gay," she whispered out loud, her tongue coming out to wet lips that were parched all of a sudden.

Max smiled and stood up. "Problem solved," he said and winked at her a moment before he walked away, ducked into his car and drove off.

Clarissa watched him, horribly embarrassed that the kiss that had meant so much to her, that had exceeded all of her fantasies and made her heart leap in her chest and her body experience the sweet, painful side of desire, was simply an experiment to him.

Sighing in disappointment that seemed more severe than she had ever imagined it could feel like, she watched the man of her dreams walk away, start up his car and drive away. As his headlights faded into the night, she bit her lip as the ache inside her belly gave way to small tears of frustration.

Shaking off the disappointment, she stood up and squared her shoulders. The man's kiss was dynamite, she told herself. And instead of feeling frustration, she should be even more determined with her goal. She'd try one more time with him. That one kiss had shown her that he was definitely worth the effort.

Chapter 3

Clarissa sat nervously at the table, her hands flattened against the white linen table cloth as she waited, breathlessly, for Max to arrive. She'd called his office three days ago to make the appointment and his secretary had only taken a message, then called back to confirm that Max would take a lunch meeting with her.

Now, as she waited for him to arrive, she couldn't help but feel both terrified as well as excited at the prospect. Today, she would make her first proposition. And to a man who excited her as no other had ever done.

She smiled when she recalled the kiss a week ago. That one kiss had only reaffirmed her desire to have Max initiate her into this wonderful, scary world of lovemaking. It proved he was a master at the art and she definitely wanted to experience her first time with the best. It might have been nothing to him but it had been wonderful and exhilarating to her and she was determined to make him her first lover. Either that, or she'd die of embarrassment, she thought grimly.

When he entered the restaurant, Clarissa's heart stopped in her chest, only to resume back again at triple speed. He was so handsome, she thought, becoming jealous of the other women who were also watching as he made his way across the room. Thankfully, his eyes were on her and her alone and his look made her feel as if she were the only woman in the world. How could he do that so effortlessly, she wondered?

Bending down, he kissed her hand gently on the fingers before taking his seat across from her. "You look lovely, Clarissa."

"Thank you," she said, feeling very sophisticated in her new suit with the lace camisole underneath. "I appreciate you accepting my request for a meeting."

"So formal," he purred with his lilting Italian accent. "How have you been lately?" he asked.

They spoke of trivialities for several minutes and Clarissa was grateful for the time so she could get her body back under control. She hadn't figured out how to work around to the proposition although she'd spent the last three days trying to come up with a good way to broach the subject.

The waiter arrived and Clarissa studied the menu, deciding on a salad, knowing that her stomach couldn't handle anything heavy when she was about to propose something so outlandish.

Again, Max soothed the way, talking about different events, asking her about her day, questioning her on small details and generally making her feel as if she were exclusively his. She liked that idea and was especially thrilled when she asked him about his week and he told her those details as well. It was as if he were sharing things about his day that he'd never shared with anyone else, but of course, that wasn't the reality. Regardless, she pretended that was the way it was, at least for the remainder of their lunch together.

They laughed about a show that had just passed through town, neither one of them liking the opera overly much. Clarissa mentioned the latest book that had come on the market by her favorite author and, after her description, he said he'd have to get it and read it himself.

When the desert plates were carried away, Max leaned back in his chair and watched her. "How about if we get to the point of your request for lunch? I have to admit that I'm curious. It isn't every day I get invited to lunch by a beautiful woman."

Clarissa blushed and lowered her eyes to her plate. "I'm sure it happens often enough that it isn't a surprise, Max." She hated that idea of any other woman being in his life, but knew she needed to play this lightly. She didn't want him to think she could become territorial, although that was definitely the case with him. Since she had no right, she took a deep breath and looked up at him with a smile.

His eyes were regarding her with curiosity. "Why would you say that?"

She laughed nervously. "Are you saying this has never happened?"

He shook his head. "I'm not saying I've never been invited to lunch before. But never by someone like you."

She grimaced. "I'm not sure what you mean by 'someone like me' and I'm not sure I want to know either. That only reaffirms my mission though."

Clarissa fiddled with the stem of her water glass, unable to hold his gaze any longer. She'd been having such a lovely time talking with him, but now he was right. It was time to get down to business.

Clearing her throat and sitting up straighter in her chair, she glanced around to see if anyone would be able to overhear their conversation. Max noticed her look and did the same, then leaned forward. "This must be quite a conversation from the anxious look on your face," he said softly.

Clarissa took a deep breath, unaware that her cheeks were already burning red with embarrassment. "I have something to ask you," she said and laid her palms down on the table, still looking at her water glass. "I hope you'll keep an open mind about the request."

Max smiled. "Are you perhaps looking for a job?" he asked. "If that's the case, no issues. I'll personally find you a position in one of my companies. What are you interested in doing?"

Clarissa smiled her appreciation but shook her head. "I'm looking for a position but not in one of your companies and I know it won't be a permanent one.'

He chuckled. "Now I'm very intrigued. Explain."

It was now or never, she told herself. "I want to become your mistress," she finally blurted out. Her shoulders were tense and the red in her face deepened. She couldn't believe she'd actually said the words! Hearing them spoken, so quickly and inelegantly, made her bite her lower lip with frustration. Oh, why couldn't she be more casual about this?

The stunned silence that followed her declaration made her look up into his face. Sure enough, he was just as shocked as she'd anticipated. "Let me re-phrase that,' she said quickly.

He was stiff with what she could only guess was indignation. "Please do. I'm sure I misunderstood."

She smiled tentatively. "No, you probably didn't. But you need to know the background behind my request to really understand why I'm asking. You see," she started off, knowing she was still floundering and he didn't appear to be relaxing in any way, "when I went off to school, it was to a very safe boarding school but regardless, my father sent several body guards along with me."

"As he should," Max replied, his mouth a grim line as he waited patiently for her explanation.

Tucking her hands under the linen covered table, she inhaled deeply in an effort to gain control of her nerves and get her point across. "Well, all of my friends have had boyfriends. They've had a lot more experience with life and with all the wonderful things that I've yet to discover."

She waited for his reaction but when he didn't move, she continued on. "And I want to move into that area."

"Why?" he demanded. "And what does that have to do with this request?"

Clarissa could feel his anger but couldn't really understand why he was so furious. She was sure he hadn't been a virgin all this time! "Well, because I don't have any experience with sex. I was hoping that you could help me out in that area."

He glared at her. "Let me get this straight," he said sharply. "You want me to have sex with you so you can understand what all your friends are talking about?"

Clarissa shrank back from that point of view. "I guess, when you put it that way, it doesn't sound so good but it isn't really like that. I want to know what all the excitement is about. When I talk with them, some of them, at least, they all have experiences that they can relate to. I'm an outsider. I can't contribute to the conversations and I feel as if something is wrong with me. Does that make sense?" she asked, hoping she had explained her feelings so he could genuinely appreciate her position.

"Absolutely!"

She was getting irritated as well. She looked at his cold eyes with confusion. "You're angry but I don't really understand why. What's wrong with wanting to learn about sex?"

He sighed impatiently, slashing his hand through the air. "You're not like that, Clarissa."

She gasped. "What an awful thing to say!"

Max shook his head. "You're taking that the wrong way. What I mean is that you shouldn't be trying to find someone to have sex with until you find someone to marry. You're the kind of girl that gives her innocence to her husband."

Clarissa was furious and leaned back in her chair, glaring at him. "That's horrible!"

He was stunned with her anger. "You're denying that?"

"Yes! Absolutely."

"Explain yourself," he demanded furiously, then held up his hand. "No, not right now." He held up his hand for the waiter who immediately appeared by his elbow. "Get me the check immediately," he said and the waiter instantly disappeared with a slight bow. "This is a ridiculous conversation and I can't believe we're talking about such a thing in a public place." He shook his head again before saying, "In fact, I can't believe we're having this conversation at all. It shouldn't even be in your mind, Clarissa. You're not like that," he said in what she guessed was his patient but angry voice but it only came across as patronizing.

As the waiter laid the leather portfolio which contained the check on the white linen table cloth, Clarissa instantly grabbed her purse. "I'm buying you lunch. It was my request so I'll pay," she said and took out her wallet, reaching for the check.

That comment only enraged him further and he stood up, his anger apparent in each gesture. "Don't be ridiculous," Max snapped. He tossed several bills onto the check then took her arm, guiding her out of the restaurant and immediately into the back of a waiting limousine.

As soon as the car was in motion, she started to speak, trying to make him understand what she was asking of him and why, but Max silenced her. "Not until we're alone," he said and turned to look out the window.

Clarissa could tell that he was furious with her but she still didn't understand his anger. Why would he be upset by her proposition? He'd kissed her, hadn't he? That meant he was slightly attracted to her, right? It wasn't like she was asking him to marry her or anything. She just wanted experience in a specific area and she wanted her teacher to be a master at the act. He should feel complimented that she was asking him. Not furious with her. Besides, all he had to do was say no, not interested. He didn't have to act as if she'd committed a felony.

She glanced at his profile, biting her lip in confusion. Was he angry that she'd asked him an inappropriate question in a public place? Was that all this was about? She couldn't figure him out. She knew he'd been with many women before. His picture was all over the newspapers and he usually had a beautiful woman on his arm. Never the same one of course. She refused to believe a man as dynamic, powerful and virile as Max would leave them on their doorstep with an innocent kiss on the hand as he'd done to her last weekend.

The car stopped in front of a large steel and glass skyscraper and he stepped out, each of his movements reinforcing his anger as he marched her through the lobby and up the elevators. It wasn't until they were in his enormous office and the doors were closed that he turned to her, pacing back and forth while she stood in the middle of the carpet.

After several minutes of pacing, he seemed to get his anger under control and he finally turned to face her, his eyes glaring at her softer ones. "Explain this request to me again and do it in terms that make sense," he demanded.

Clarissa wasn't nervous anymore. In fact, she was fascinated. She'd read so many articles about his businesses but none of the words used to describe him had she ever seen in action. Around her, Max was charming, suave, masculine and all that was kind and considerate.

Now, seeing him in action as he snapped out orders, she understood in a small way how he'd been able to create his empire from almost nothing. If she were in business with him, she could easily be terrified of his anger. She'd read articles about how he destroyed anyone who opposed him. She definitely hoped she didn't fall into that category simply because she was asking to have an affair with him. Having Max as an enemy would be truly terrifying, she now realized.

Bracing herself, she forced her words to be succinct and direct. "I asked if you would be interested in a short term affair so I can gain some insight into a world I don't know anything about," she explained. She waited a moment, watching in amazement as a muscle started twitching in his jaw. "Max, you should be flattered that I asked you first. I don't know very much about you but what I do know, I respect a great deal. And I think you would be a magnificent lover, especially for my first time," she said, only blushing slightly at her small speech.

He put a hand to his forehead, leaning his head down in an effort to concentrate. She watched in fascination as a vein on his forehead started throbbing. "And what about the marriage part? Why not wait until you're married to discover what passion is like? Shouldn't your husband do that for you? Won't you be disappointed that he won't be your first lover?" He paced again and turned to her before she had a moment to respond. "You should wait for marriage, Clarissa!" he snapped out.

Clarissa cringed in horror at the suggestion. "No thank you." Her heart was pounding and she wished she could just shrink back into the wood work. He wasn't interested in her in that way and she hated the humiliation that flooded through her body, making her stomach clench painfully. And marriage! What was wrong with a little affair? How could that hurt anyone? Why couldn't she just enjoy sex?

Max stopped pacing and glared at her, stunned by her furious reaction to what he thought of as respectful ideas about her personality and her future. "Why is that so horrible an idea?" he demanded.

Straightening her shoulders, she turned to face him, unafraid of her stance on this issue. Forgetting her embarrassment over his imminent rejection, she faced him squarely. "I'm not going to get married," she said evenly, looking right back at him without fear. "That's one thing I've seen from too many angles and don't want any part of."

For the second time in less than a half hour, she'd shocked him. Max could feel the anger draining away to make room for his confusion. "That's insane. Every woman wants to get married." He wasn't speaking just in general though. He'd experienced and avoided too many women's attempts to get him pinned down in the matrimonial state. How could this one, delicate, tiny, beautiful woman not want what every other woman of his acquaintance strived for in sometimes horrifying ways?

"Not me," she confirmed with feeling.

He looked at her for a long moment, trying to determine if she was teasing him or not. The look in her eyes, the honesty and belligerent stance all indicated that she was not teasing. That she was, in fact, very serious about her position. He dismissed that though. His past experience with women was that all were more than eager to get married. "You're being silly again. You're just too young to know your own mind."

That did it. His comment about her age sent her over the edge from irritated to outright furious. She dropped her arms to her side and walked toward him. "I'll have you know that I'm not as young and naive as you'd like to believe. I'm twenty-five years old and, just because I don't have any sexual experience, that doesn't make my opinions stupid or irrelevant," she snapped, poking him in the middle of his chest on each point. "Think about how you would have felt when you were twenty-five. Were you out of your mind with silly ideas? Or did you consider all your actions to be well thought out and informed?"

"I was completely sane," he replied evenly but his eyes were snapping fire. "but then again, I wasn't asking someone to have sex with me to appease my curiosity. That's a little mercenary, isn't it?"

"When you put it that way, then yes," she yelled back at him. "But maybe if you say it as if I was trying to gain knowledge instead of for more mercenary reasons, I might come out looking a little more pristine!"

"You're white washing the point," he countered angrily.

"You're being sexist!"

"Sexist?" he huffed. "How can you say that? Gender roles have absolutely nothing to do with this discussion!"

"How old were you when you had sex for the first time?" she demanded.

"That's not the point!"

Her hands on her hips, she glared right back at him, unwilling to back down now that he'd started this battle. "That's exactly the point," she countered, livid that he was being so obtuse. "You're saying that I shouldn't have sex until I'm married and my husband is the only lover I'll ever know."

"Yes. But that doesn't make me sexist."

She couldn't stop her eyes from rolling at that comment. "Sure it does. You have two groups of women. Those that are okay to have affairs with and those that are off limits, reserved strictly for marriage and not for dallying with. But do you have those designations for men? Is it not okay for a man to initiate an affair with a woman even if all he wants to do is find out what it would be like to have sex?"

He fumed because she'd tagged him exactly. "You're missing the point."

Clarissa shook her head. "No, Max. I'm not missing the point. And if I understand you correctly, you're declining my offer of an affair simply because I'm one of those women you think should be pure and chaste until their wedding night."

"Yes! The fact that you're twenty-five years old and still haven't experienced what it is like to be with a man tells me exactly that. You're a good girl! You should definitely wait until you're married and forget all this silliness."

She hated those words and they hurt deeply. With as much dignity as she could muster under the circumstances, she pulled her purse over her shoulder and faced him one last time. "I'm sorry that you're not interested in having sex with me. I thought that you of all people would be wonderful to initiate me. But I understand that I'm not your type. Thank you for lunch."

She turned and reached for the door handle, preparing to leave before the tears at the back of her eyes toppled over to her cheeks. She would not cry in front of Max, she vowed to herself. She'd lost too much dignity already and she wasn't going to lose any more simply because he was a cold hearted, sexist jerk with archaic ideas about men's and women's roles in social situations.

"Clarissa, stop!" he demanded but she kept on going. She was almost free, she thought. Just a few more steps and she'd be out of his sight and in the hallway leading to the elevators. The handle was cold under her hot fingers and she wanted to clutch it to her cheeks, desperate to appear normal and not have red cheeks around Max.

Just as she was going to wrench open the door, Max's hand stopped her, laying his palm against the wood, effectively trapping her in his office. "Where do you think you are going? This conversation is not over. There's definitely more to discuss, Clarissa!"

"I beg to differ," she said, not turning to face him. "Let go of the door, Max."

"Not until we're finished."

She laughed softly. "That's an odd comment at this juncture in our meeting. I didn't think we'd ever started." She was standing at the door with her back to him, fighting to maintain the small amount of dignity that she had left after this humiliation.

He sighed heavily and she could feel his warm breath on her neck. The feeling sent shivers down her arms, right to her heart and she wished with all her heart that he wasn't such a horrible person to believe she was too good to have sex with.

"I meant with this conversation. You can't leave until you understand my point of view. I think you'll do yourself a great disservice if you proceed with this foolhardy plan."

She spun around and leaned against the door, staring straight ahead, which meant she was staring at the middle of his chest. "Max, you've made your decision very clear. You're not interested in having sex with me so let me go. There's nothing else to say."

Her words sent his frustration level over the edge. "Who says I'm not interested in having sex with you?" he growled a moment before his arm wrapped around her waist, pulling her hard against him. At the same moment, his mouth covered hers in a passionate kiss that blew away all her senses. Her fingers, which had been clenched into small fists by her side, slowly uncurled. One hand, then the next tentatively touched his cheek.

His mouth moved over hers with merciless passion while his tongue invaded hers, moving in and out, tasting, enticing. From the first moment, Clarissa couldn't think, couldn't move but as her hands caressed his skin, her body moved of its own accord. Instead of leaning against the door, her body reached up, feeling his solid strength against her soft curves. She reveled in the feeling and he didn't relent against her mouth until she sagged against him, her knees unable to hold her any longer.

"So does this mean yes?" she breathed when he lifted his head slightly.

"Dios!" he cursed and stepped back as if she were on fire. "Of course it does not mean 'yes'!" He started his pacing once again, running his long fingers through his hair in frustration. "I can't believe you're still thinking of offering that to me. You should be trying to figure out how to make me propose!"

Clarrisa leaned weakly against the door as she watched him, her senses still inflamed with desire which only increased as she took in his tall, muscular body. "But I've already told you. I don't want to get married."

"And I've already told you, you're being silly," he replied, not really paying much attention to her at the moment as he tried to get his raging desire for her under control. "And I shouldn't have kissed you again. I apologize for that."

That hurt, Clarissa thought. Of all the things he might have said, explaining his regret for that wonderful kiss was the deepest wound. "Okay, on that note, I need to leave." She pushed away from the door and turned but again, his hand stopped her.

"What are you going to do?" he demanded.

"Do?" she parroted. "I don't really know, Max. I hadn't made it past the hope that you would help me out. But since you're turning down my offer, I'll have to rethink my strategy."

"Would you care to let me know when you've figured it out?" he asked, calm returning to his voice once again.

Clarissa thought about it for all of five seconds. "No. I don't think I will. I believe I've humiliated myself enough around you. I'll stop while I'm painfully behind. Good day, and again, thank you for the lunch."

"I'll let my driver know you'd like to go home."

She shook her head. "No, thank you. I don't think I'm going home immediately."

"Where's your security detail?" he asked, his eyebrows narrowing.

She laughed bitterly. "Oh, they're around here somewhere but I'm not supposed to know about it." Her father maintained three body guards that followed her twenty four hours a day no matter where she went. He'd never told her, but when she kept seeing the same men appear wherever she went, she knew what was going on.

"Then let me ensure you get home. At least give me some peace of mind."

Clarissa shook her head, unable to concede even on this point. It was minor but gave her some sort of control over her life. And right now, she was clinging to whatever control she could grasp. "No, Max. You don't have any responsibility to me. I'll make my own way home when I'm ready."

"Clarissa!" he snapped back at her, his patience obviously run out, "my driver will be standing by to take you wherever you need to go." He glared at her but she just glared back, unconcerned about his order.

Instead of arguing, she shrugged slightly and turned. This time, she was able to leave and she was grateful when she made it out the front door of the building. Sure enough, his driver was waiting out front, the limousine door opened.

Clarissa simply ignored the man and hailed a cab, ducking into the back before anyone could do anything to stop her. "Just drive, please," she requested, handing the cab driver some money which would guarantee that he immediately acted on her request. The cab rolled forward and then sprinted into traffic and Clarissa sat back and watched the buildings roll by with unseeing eyes.

So Max wasn't interested. What's next, she wondered. What did she do now?

She wasn't sure what she could do. All her plans had centered around Max helping her out. But she couldn't give up. This was too important. And it would work. She had to figure out how to become involved with a man she found attractive enough to have sex with so she could discover what all the fuss was about. She refused to be an oddity among her friends any longer. She simply needed a large, Italian male who would educate her and show her what she was missing, what her life was missing. And if he had broad shoulders and muscular biceps, that would definitely be a plus, she thought to herself.

So where did she meet a large, handsome Italian male?

Biting her fingernail, she considered her options. Then it hit her. Where would she meet a sexy Italian male? Italy, of course!

Why hadn't she thought of that before? She could spend a couple of weeks in Italy, meet some handsome man and she was sure she could get the experience she was looking for. Weren't Italian men supposed to be incredible lovers? All swarthy and charming and sexy? Sure they were! Why hadn't she thought of that to begin with? Why had she embarrassed herself by propositioning Max?

Well, that was easy enough to answer, she berated herself. She wanted Max. There was no way around that little fact. She wanted him with every fiber of her being and the two kisses they'd shared had only proven that her instincts about him were true.

If only he'd agreed with her plan, she would be so much better off. It wasn't that he was convenient, because he definitely wasn't. He traveled so often, she rarely knew what city he might be in. He'd been her first choice because she admired him for so many reasons. And he had a certain appeal that was almost magnetic. He was the one man who had made her heart speed up and her feet trip over themselves whenever he was near. Other men didn't do that, or at least the ones she'd run into so far.

Sighing, she accepted that her initial plan wasn't going to work. One of the participants was unwilling. So plan B could be just as good, couldn't it? She ignored the fact that she hadn't met any man yet who made her shiver with excitement by just being close like Max did. And she'd never kissed anyone who made her feel a fraction of what Max could make her feel.

Giving the cab driver her home address, she leaned back against the cracked upholstery and relaxed somewhat. Now that she had a direction, she felt immensely better. So what if the one man she'd ever been interested in didn't want her? Surely there were other men in Italy who would be just as handsome but more willing to go along with her suggestion. And hopefully, the next time she propositioned a man, he wouldn't treat her as if she'd just slapped him or insulted him.

The next week was a whirlwind of activity. She finished up a project she'd been working on for several weeks and felt a huge sense of relief, since the project had been difficult and tedious. Her next project wasn't due for several more weeks but she started the initial organization of the tasks that would be needed, feeling better that she'd have things set up to dig into when she returned from her trip.

She also went shopping almost every day, buying up a new wardrobe that wasn't as conservative as the one she currently had. She bought sophisticated new slacks and short sleeve shirts, tighter and lower cut than what she was used to. Sunglasses, hats, makeup, dresses, shoes. She planned her itinerary and shopped for flight rates, good deals on hotels as well as all the hot spots to see and be seen in Rome. She decided she'd spend several days in Rome, Venice and Milan with the option to extend her stay in any of the cities if the need came up. If she met the right man, one that made her knees weak and her heart spin crazily, then she would stay and offer him the same request she'd made to Max. And hopefully, her second attempt at propositioning a man would be more successful.

She ignored the two messages left by Max only because the first one was an order to call him back, demanding to know why she'd not followed his instructions about his driver getting her home. The second was a demand to know why she hadn't returned his first call. When she listened to his third message, she finally gave in and called him back, sort of. Instead of calling him directly, as he'd asked, she cheated and called his secretary at a time when Clarissa knew Max was out of town, having heard from father that he was traveling to Prague for a meeting. She didn't really leave a message though. She simply asked his secretary to pass along that she'd gotten the messages and to thank him once again for considering her offer.

She was booked on a flight for the following Monday and was feeling thrilled with her progress, if still a little nervous. Was she really following the right path? Should she travel so far from home just to satisfy her curiosity? What would her father say? She wasn't alerting him to the fact that she was going anywhere, much less leaving the country. Would he even care? She wasn't concerned about the body guards that shadowed her whenever she left the estate. They could figure out what was going on and how they were going to protect her on their own. She didn't want them around her so if they had trouble following her, then that was their problem.

When her ticket arrived in the mail, her excitement was overwhelming. At that moment, she accepted that she didn't care about her father's reaction. And if a tall, handsome male popped into her mind, she ignored the guilt she felt over her plan. He said he wanted to have sex with her but had he done anything about it? Not a thing. In fact, he'd completely ignored her except for three phone calls. Not that he owed her anything. She wasn't attached to him and he had no obligations to her either. He'd probably only been lying when he'd said she was sexy. He was a charming man who knew how to woo the ladies and say all the right things. It was probably how he'd gotten so far in business, she thought with a mean spirit.

The afternoon before she left, she sat outside her cottage, nervous energy making her jumpy. It didn't help that the early summer heat was beating down on her and she looked across the expanse of the lawn to the pool. She was all packed, her passport and tickets in her purse. The cab was even ordered to arrive early in the morning to pick her up and take her to the airport. Was there anything else she needed to do?

She couldn't think of anything. She changed out of her shorts and tee-shirt and pulled on a simple black, two piece bathing suit. Grabbing a towel and her laptop, she headed for the pool. She loved this suit. The top made her breasts look larger and the bottoms were short and cute, making her feel daring and a little crazy. It was such a shame she was only in her father's back yard. Maybe if she'd been at an apartment complex, she'd be around other people her age, and more specifically, men her age who might be interesting and compelling.

She sat down at one of the tables and went through her list of things to do before leaving one more time, just in case she'd forgotten something. She even had a book to read on the long flight. Her check list was detailed, right down to listing her tooth brush and guidebooks. As she flicked through the items, nodding as she remembered where she'd stored each in her suitcase, she started to relax about her packing.

Everything was set. Looking around to make sure she was alone, she pulled off her cover up and dove into the water. Instantly, the cool water relaxed her tense muscles. She swam a few laps but after a while, the heat, anxiety and exercise got to her and she pulled herself out of the water, laying down on one of the lounge chairs. The sun lulled her to sleep almost instantly.

Chapter 4

"Sounds like you have everything under control," Max replied to James, standing up and shaking the older man's hand. "Thanks for the update."

"Not a problem. It's a pleasure doing business with you, Max."

"I agree," Max replied. He might not like the way he treated his daughter but James was a good business partner. "How is Clarissa doing?" he couldn't help asking. He'd been thinking about her almost constantly and her irritating message to his secretary had only infuriated him more. For a man known for his cool and controlled nature, this one little woman was driving him to distraction. No woman had ever gotten under his skin like this and he didn't like it.

James smiled at the taller man's distracted gaze. "Why don't you ask her? She's been sleeping by the pool this whole time. It's probably time for her to get up and out of the sun before she burns." James mentioned.

Max didn't miss the keen look on the older man's face but ignored it. Turning around, he saw that his little vixen was indeed laying out by the pool and he had to grit his teeth when he saw that she was wearing a sexy little two piece bathing suit.

He'd seen smaller bikinis on other women but somehow, this little halter top number that showed off her smooth, flat stomach and long, shapely legs just about made his temper explode. How dare she lay out in the sun wearing something that made her breasts look so enticing. Didn't she know that there were servants all over the place?

Turning to James, he nodded his head. "I'll just go pay my regards to your daughter," he explained, barely looking at his host as his anger increased along with his erection. Dammit, why did his body react like a raging teenager whenever he was around her? "She left me a message through my secretary that I'd like to discuss with her."

"Be my guest," James said. "I have to head out now but I'm sure Clarissa can act in my stead."

"Of course," Max replied absently, noting when the man walked out of the room. Dully, he heard the front door close but he paid it no mind. His whole attention was focused on the beauty outside the large picture window by the pool.

He found his way outdoors easily enough but was side tracked when he saw the open computer on one of the patio tables. His initial thought was to close it down because it was probably overheating in the sun. But when he touched the keyboard, the screen saver disappeared and his eyes were captured by the words.

He smiled as he read the text. She was traveling to Italy? Perhaps he could show her around his native country. He hadn't planned on traveling home but his mind quickly rearranged several appointments, canceling important meetings just so he could show her some of the more exciting places in Italy.

He was glad she was planning on visiting several of his favorite cities but he reached over to wake her, wanting to suggest that she take a detour through Sicily.

"You're going to burn, mia cara," he said softly, one hand brushing the whisps of hair off her shoulders, casually touching the soft skin on her back.

His arousal grew more painful as he watched her slowly come out of her deep sleep. Her eyes blinked rapidly and her mouth formed a small little moue, as if in her sleep, she was imagining kissing her lover, which of course would be him. When her body arched and stretched, he almost groaned out loud, his eyes uncontrollably drawn to her breasts which were pouty and firm underneath the thin, black lycra. He had to put his hands in his pockets to keep from reaching out to touch her stomach, to test the softness of her skin and luxuriate in the firm muscles underneath.

He smiled as she shivered and sat up slowly. Max was amused when he saw the sleeping beauty slowly come to life. She must have really been out for her to become this disoriented.

"I hope you're wearing sunscreen," he replied, his body already hard and aching for her as she sat up and blinked like a soft little kitten.

"Yes," she replied, yawning. "I burn easily."

Her mind must have jumped into high gear at that point because she straightened up quickly, her eyes finally focusing on his face. "Max!" she gasped. "What are you doing here?"

She quickly reached for her cover up and Max was torn between the desire to feast his eyes on the enticing curves revealed by her bikini top, and the equally strong approval that she would cover up around strange men. Not that he considered himself strange.

"I was meeting with your father on business and wanted to say hello."

She blinked again and he had a perverse wish to kiss her, lay her back down against the cushions and wake her in a better, more thorough manner.

"Oh. Well, hello," Clarissa replied sleepily, smiling shyly up at him. "I thought you were out of the country."

He resisted the urge to laugh at her revealing statement. So she was trying to play clever games with him, eh? She didn't realize that he was a master strategist. He'd definitely win this game they were playing. "I was. Is that why you left me a message?"

Clarissa considered lying to him, pretending that she was more confident and act like it was just a breezy sort of call. But as she looked into his hard, intelligent eyes, she knew that she couldn't lie to him. Besides the fact that he'd probably realize her lie, she just didn't want to be dishonest with him. It felt wrong. "Yes. It was safer that way."

"Safer how?" he asked, smothering the smile at her tart reply. He liked her honesty though. He'd been watching her features and was able to see the moment she'd decided to tell him the truth.

She smiled and sat up so she didn't have to squint at him. "Safer so we wouldn't get into an argument." And also so she wouldn't lose the argument, she added to herself. Max definitely had a persuasive ability and she knew she couldn't go head to head with him. And he was probably more stubborn than she was. She liked peace and tranquility whereas Max seemed like he thrived on a challenge and overcoming any obstacle.

"And are we?" His eyes were glinting with amusement, and something else she wasn't sure she understood.

His voice was deep and smooth and rolled over her skin like a caress but Clarissa forced herself to push those kinds of feelings aside. This man was completely off limits so she had to keep their conversations in perspective. "We did the last time we conversed and you didn't like what I had to say. It was more expedient to just leave a message this time."

"Perhaps were we going to argue over why you didn't obey my direction to have my driver take you home after lunch last week?" he asked, suddenly remembering why he'd been so livid with her.

Her smile grew wider and she slid her sunglasses over her eyes. "Yes. That would have been a very high probability."

His anger was overridden by his amusement over her answer and her refreshing honesty. He liked that about her. She constantly surprised him and he enjoyed that she wasn't predictable. "Why didn't you follow my instructions?"

She shrugged her shoulders and leaned her head back against the cushions, her face absorbing the warmth of the sunshine. She hoped she looked like she was relaxed, but she wasn't sure she pulled that state of mind off too well. Who would when his large, muscular and intimidating body was sitting near? But she wouldn't cater to him either. "I don't sit and heel either."

He was a little slow to figure out that she was saying she wasn't a dog. But as soon as her message got through, he threw back his head and laughed. He realized he hadn't laughed so much in a long time and both times recently had been because of this little wench who was driving him mad with her perfect, pert breasts pushing against the bathing suit material. It got worse when he noticed her nipples harden so he could see the peaks through the fabric.

"You're off to Italy?" he asked, quickly changing the subject and moving his eyes to a more appropriate area of her body.

"Yes," she replied, warning bells going off in her mind. She glanced at her laptop to make sure it was closed, concerned about what he might do if he knew some of the details of her trip. "I leave tomorrow morning."

"I would be honored to show you around," he offered, wondering about the surprised and wary look on her face. "You were planning on seeing the sights, correct?"

"Um...well...yes," she thought, frantically trying to come up with a polite way to turn down his offer. She was going over to see the sights, as long as he considered several of those sights to be the handsome men she was anticipating choosing her first lover from. She was going over to find a lover but she didn't think he would appreciate that. And she didn't want him to alert her security detail that shadowed her. That would definitely put a damper on her efforts. "But I don't want to inconvenience you."

"No inconvenience at all. Cancel your cab and I'll have my driver pick you up instead. I'll call my pilot and make sure the jet is prepared." He reached into his pocket and was about to phone ahead.

Clarissa thought quickly. Laying a hand on top of his to stop him, she looked imploringly into his eyes. "No, thank you very much for your offer, but I'd rather do this on my own."

He closed the phone and looked down at her, something lighting in his eyes. He was instantly alert. Something was wrong here and she wasn't telling him everything. "Why? Wouldn't you prefer to have someone show you the sights so you can really get to know the country? An expert would show you the areas most of the tourists miss."

She quickly pulled her hand away, not liking the way her skin tingled at the slightest touch. She resented that he could do this so easily to her, make her feel things she didn't want to feel with him. Or, more specifically, make her feel things that he wouldn't follow through on. "Perhaps next trip. This time, I'd just like to stroll through the sights," she lied. She planned on sitting in coffee shops and trying to attract a handsome Italian male. She didn't dare tell him that. She was relatively sure that he wouldn't approve, being the dominant, sexist Italian male he was who thought she should wait for marriage. Just thinking about that idea made her shiver with revulsion.

He looked at her for a long moment, trying to determine what she was hiding. And she was definitely hiding something, he thought. "Very well," he pretended to acquiesce. "What time does your flight leave?" He'd find out one way or another what was going on. His stomach muscles tightened at the idea of Clarissa doing something dangerous. Not to mention he thought she was too delicate and trusting to be traveling in Europe alone.

She bit her lower lip, wondering how furious he would be if she denied him the information. "Max, are you saying you'd rather reconsider my offer?" she asked quickly. The best defense was a good offense, she thought to herself.

His shoulders stiffened and his gaze turned cold, daring her to continue this line of questioning. "Absolutely not. My position remains."

She'd known the answer even before she'd asked the question, but it didn't help to hear his rejection a second time. She still wanted him as a lover and he was telling her that the possibility was out of the question. Her cheeks burned with an embarrassed flush but instead of giving in to the anger, she laid her head back against the chaise cushion and closed her eyes. "Well, then I'm not going to tell you. But I thank you again for the offer."

Max eyed her carefully, knowing she was lying to him about something but unsure what it was. "Explain yourself, Clarissa."

She stiffened at his demand and shook her head. Taking off her sunglasses so she could see his face more clearly, she snapped, "Max, you don't own me, nor are you my employer. I don't care what business you're doing with my father so you have absolutely no right to demand anything of me, least of all an explanation of my future plans."

He growled and stood up. "Clarissa, I don't know what you're planning but I can tell that it isn't going to be good."

She smiled wickedly at him, unknowingly challenging him. "On the contrary, Max. I'm planning to be extremely good. Or at least try, which is all anyone could ask, isn't that right?" She didn't mention that her plans included being very good about obtaining her goal of finding a lover. That would definitely infuriate him.

She almost laughed when he stormed away with frustration written all over his handsome face. Obviously, people didn't disobey him very often. Well, she thought, he could just get used to that around her. She wasn't anyone's lapdog so if he asked a question she didn't want to answer, then he'd have to accept his frustration when he received a non-answer.

She watched in fascination as he strode across the wide patio, his long, strong legs carrying him quickly into the house.

Clarissa sat back on the lounge chair, slipping her sunglasses back on her nose while her mind pictured Max without any clothes. His bottom alone could cause women to drool as he walked. Herself included, she smiled, then leaned back against the lounge chair again when he was finally out of sight.

Chapter 5

Clarissa pushed her sunglasses higher on her nose and picked up her cup of espresso. This was definitely the life, she thought to herself. After arriving yesterday, she loved Rome already. The noise, the barely controlled chaos, the warmth of the people...and definitely the men. They were gorgeous! She loved their dark, swarthy skin and black hair. There was definitely a higher percentage of potential teachers here in Rome than she'd ever find back home. And what's better? They had no idea who she was, where she lived or who her father was. It was as if she were completely anonymous.

What a feeling of freedom, she thought as she smiled shyly to a sweet male of about twenty-five. He glanced back at her and smiled, obviously interested, but continued down the street.

Clarissa laughed delightedly. Being anonymous like this gave her the freedom to flirt in ways she'd never be able to do back home where everyone knew who she was as well as her history. It was liberating!

She sipped her coffee and watched the passers by as they walked down the street. As they walked, some hurrying, some strolling, couples hand in hand and others obviously window shopping, she wondered what they were thinking about. She'd never had the ability to just sit and relax in a coffee shop before. Observing people was a very enjoyable pastime, she thought, taking another sip of espresso. And if her mind wandered to a strong, male with a dominating, overwhelming personality, she simply pushed that thought aside and focused on someone else, someone passing on the street. This was the here and now, she had to keep reminding herself. Max had to be put in her past so she could move forward.

"Scusi," a male voice said from the side of her table. "Are you using this chair?" he asked in beautiful, lyrical Italian.

Clarissa blinked, took her sunglasses off and reached for her translation book. The man had spoken too quickly for her and she lifted her eyes back to his in a silent plea to repeat his question.

He simply smiled and sat down. "You do not speak Italian?" he asked in English, pointing out the obvious.

Relieved that this handsome stranger spoke English, Clarissa dropped her book in her lap. "No. I'm sorry, I don't. It's a beautiful language but I haven't had enough time to learn it."

He returned her smile easily, already leaning forward with his elbows on the table. "You are very beautiful. Where is your husband? He should be punished for leaving you alone in this way. No one as pretty as you should be left alone. It is almost a crime in Italy."

Clarissa smiled brightly. This was going exactly how she wanted it to go. If this man wasn't as tall or muscular as Max, well, what could she expect? And if he wasn't as dynamic, or made her pulse leap, she'd have to settle for just an attractive man instead of one that is wildly exciting. "I'm here alone," she said, hoping her body language conveyed her interest.

"No, she's not," a deep voice said from behind her.

Clarissa had only a moment to react before a large male hand was pulling the smaller man out of his chair by the back of his shirt. The smaller man took one look at Max and didn't argue but disappeared immediately.

"Max!" Clarissa yelped out. "What are you doing here?" she demanded, too stunned to be angry about the way he'd man-handled the other man.

"Saving you from yourself," he grumbled and took the previously vacated seat. "You're not here to see the sights, are you?" he demanded angrily, leaning forward to lean on the table, just as the other man had done moments earlier. But with Max, the stance was aggressive whereas the other man's position had only demonstrated his interest.

Clarissa glared at him, then pushed her sunglasses back on her face, hiding her eyes. "Of course I am. It just depends on what you call sight-seeing," she shot back at him, turning her head away and looking for other eligible men.

"Clarissa!" he shot at her. "You are not here to see the historical sights. You lied to me, cara. That's not good."

She whipped off her glasses, infuriated by his accusation as well as his belligerent position at the table. He looked like a pit-bull ready to defend his territory. "I didn't lie to you, Max. I just didn't correct the assumptions you made. If you're going to think I'm all sweet and innocent, then you're going to have to deal with the consequences."

"You're not here to see the historical sights," he repeated, this time with more emphasis.

Clarissa considered his furious expression for all of five seconds before she shrugged her shoulders and looked away. Picking up her cup of espresso, she took a delicate sip before setting it carefully back down in the saucer. "So what if I'm not? What's it to you? And why are you here?" she asked angrily.

"I've already told you. I'm here to protect you from all those silly ideas running through your pretty head. You're a danger to yourself, Clarissa!" He sat back in his chair and lifted his hands, ordering an espresso quickly in rapid Italian before turning back to glare at her. "You're here to find a lover, aren't you?"

She didn't answer him. Since he'd hit the nail right on the head with his first shot, she thought there was no use denying it. He'd find out eventually anyway. And besides, what could he do? She had her own hotel room, her own money and credit cards and a map of the city. She could get around without his interference easily. "So are you going to follow me around and make sure I don't meet any eligible men?" she asked sarcastically, furious with both him and herself for letting him discover her secret. Oh, he was infuriating!

He calmly leaned back in his chair, appearing as if her angry words didn't bother him in the least. "No."

That response surprised her. "Good!" But she could tell from his expression that he wasn't finished. Instantly, her angry expression turned wary. He was up to something. After her initial satisfaction faded, she grew alarmed. She'd forgotten one essential issue when it came to dealing with Max.

He never lost a battle.

He smiled victoriously as he said, "I'm going to escort you around Italy and then bring you safely home to your father."

Her mouth dropped open with outrage. "No, you're not!" she almost yelled. Looking around to make sure they weren't attracting attention from the other patrons of the cafe, she turned back to him, angry herself now. "You're going to leave me alone and stop bothering me. I'm an adult and fully capable of making my own decisions. So just leave me alone, Max!"

His eyes fired as they looked at her across the table. "You haven't stopped bothering me since I held you in my arms several weeks ago. So why should I stop bothering you?"

Clarissa wasn't sure what he meant by that. Was he referring to the time when he kissed her? Had it been that bad? And what did he mean by 'bothering' him? That was too ambiguous but she was afraid to ask for clarification. "I haven't done anything to bother you. And you're being completely unreasonable. I'm not going anywhere with you so just leave!"

He smiled at her abuse, impressed despite himself that she would have the courage to stand up to him like this. Even the more seasoned executives had the courage to fight him like Clarissa did. Unfortunately for his state of mind, it only turned him on more. "I'm afraid that's not possible, cara," he replied with a controlled air.

She eyed his large frame with frustration. There wasn't anything she could do if he didn't want to move although she desperately wished she had the strength to move him physically. He was too big and too muscular for her to do anything to, so she'd just have to be satisfied with glaring her anger at him. "Fine. I'll find some other place to have coffee." She stood up and picked up her bag. "Don't follow me. You're not wanted or needed."

"Is that true?" he asked, his eyes moving down her figure clad in a red and white striped shirt which clung to her breasts and slender waist, all the way to her white jeans. His look froze her to the stop and she stood there, her breath coming more heavily, her breasts peaking and her eyes dropped to his involuntarily. "I bet I could make you want me," he replied softly.

She bit her lip and watched him, ached for him. It was with supreme effort that she pulled her gaze away from his, breaking the hypnotic power of his words and his look. "Not anymore, Max. You turned me down. Remember? That shut down all desire I had for you so please," she finished with a deep breath, "leave me alone. I have a mission to accomplish and you're only hindering my goal." She prayed he wouldn't call her on the lie.

Max stood up and cursed under his breath, tossing several bills down to cover their coffee before grabbing her elbow and marching both of them out of the cafe. "You're being ridiculous!" he snapped.

She tried to pull her elbow out of his grip but he wouldn't allow her to. His grip wasn't painful, but was definitely firm enough to guide her out of the small cafe. "We've had this conversation before, Max. And it didn't get us anywhere. Let go of me," she demanded.

Ignoring her indignation, Max hustled her into the back of a waiting limousine and Clarissa almost screamed at how easy it had been for him to get her to do his will. Crossing her arms over her chest, she fumed and glared back at him, getting angrier as she watched the amusement light his face.

"You're a real brute, Max. I never would have thought that of you."

He tossed back his head and laughed. "And you are adorable when you glare at me like that." He leaned forward, his eyes catching and holding her own gaze captive. "You're cheeks turn a becoming shade of pink, you're eyes are a soft, sweet violet, the exact opposite of what you are feeling inside, eh cara?" He smiled as the color in her cheeks increased. "Not to mention you're lovely breasts which are pushing against that very interesting shirt you are wearing." His eyes dropped to her breasts, then back to her eyes. "You feel it too, don't you?"

She groaned in frustration and turned away from him, staring out the windows. "Where are we going, anyway?" she demanded.

"We'll see the bigger sites initially and then I'll take you to my favorite places. I'll show you the wonderful museums that aren't as well known but are still worth the time to investigate."

True to his word, Max took her to the Coliseum, the Vatican, the incredible paintings by Michelangelo and all the mysterious, beautiful and exciting areas in between.

Max was the ultimate tour guide. He was charming and knowledgeable, knowing a huge assortment of facts about Rome as well as Milan and Venice, the two cities they traveled to after Rome. He took her to all the best restaurants, some of them nothing more than a small three or four table dining room with chaotic waiters and mouth-watering food as well as the more famous restaurants that catered to the wealthy Italians and tourists that came through, expecting exquisite dining experiences.

Unfortunately, he was also controlling, irritating and drove her completely nuts with his presence. He touched her in small ways that distracted her thoughts to the point that she wasn't sure what he was saying at times. The heat of his body was always present and she wanted nothing better than to crawl into his arms whenever he was more than a few inches from her.

While they stayed in Rome, he managed to somehow have her luggage delivered to his penthouse where he demanded that she stay instead of the hotel, which he declared too unsafe. In Milan, they stayed at a villa just outside the city and each evening, Clarissa was surrounded by a magnificent garden scented with beautiful flowers.

Instead of taking the public transportation, which could be a circus at the best of times, there was always a chauffer driven limousine waiting for them, except in Venice where he had arranged a boat to transport them around the various canals.

The whole time, Clarissa was irritated by his gentlemanly behavior and constantly wished he didn't have scruples. The only thing that could have made the trip better was to find herself in bed with her handsome tour guide.

Unfortunately, that never happened and she returned home, frustrated, angry and still a virgin.

Chapter 6

"I understand you showed Clarissa around Italy last week," James said casually as they sipped dark liquid in the soft leather chairs of Max's private clubhouse several days after their return. The two men had just finished a game of golf and were relaxing in the lounge.

"Yes. She wasn't very impressed initially," Max replied, not looking at James. He didn't want Clarissa's father to see the frustration that frizzled just under the surface whenever Clarissa's name came up. Or whenever he thought of her lush, ripe body. Or her full, pink lips that she bit whenever she was nervous. Or angry, he smiled.

Dammit, he couldn't even think of the woman without getting both irritated and instantaneously aroused. What was she doing to him?

"She needs to get married," James was saying. "But all the men I've introduced her to haven't seemed to interest her in the least. I'm a little bit at a loss to figure out what to do to help her find a husband."

"She doesn't want to get married," Max grated out. It still irritated him that she would think in that way. It seemed to go against all the laws of nature. Which was ironic when he considered all of the women who had proposed to him or tried to manipulate him into proposing. Clarissa was different though. In so many ways, he knew.

James guffawed. "Of course she does. She just doesn't know it yet. More perfect wife material, I've never known. Besides her mother."

That sparked a question in Max's mind. "Excuse me for asking because I realize it's none of my business. But what happened with Clarissa's mother?"

James' eyes became hooded and he looked down at the amber liquid in his glass. "She died in childbirth. She was lovely. And sweet. Looked exactly like Clarissa. Didn't let me get away with anything either." He sighed and took a sip of his drink. "I'll be the first to admit that I was a bastard father to Clarissa. She was raised more by the servants than by me."

"Why is that?" he asked, angry on behalf of Clarissa. He knew that any child of his would be cosseted and spoiled, loved beyond measure. He couldn't imagine a father abandoning his child to the raising of servants. It was too important a task to delegate to anyone.

James shrugged and looked around. "Initially, I was too devastated by the death of her mother to be able to pay attention to the little baby girl. Then, as she grew up, I didn't understand her. Jeanie was the patient one. She would make sure everything was in order and make sure I didn't take myself too seriously. I just sort of lost track of the years."

"Clarissa is a very beautiful woman," Max acknowledged. And sexy and irritating and blindingly lovely, not to mention witty, intelligent and a delight to talk with. He didn't think James would appreciate the full force of his feelings for his only daughter.

James smiled and glanced sideways at the man he respected above all others. "I agree. I don't think she knows how beautiful she really is though. That makes things a little dangerous."

Those words were ominous. "She has body guards, correct?" He thought he'd seen them shadowing her on several occasions but they might have just been various men who thought she was as beautiful to look at as he did. That thought made his teeth clench in anger and jealousy.

"Oh, yes. Although Clarissa doesn't know it. They're not obvious. I've tried to ensure that at least. She's always wanted to live a normal life. That doesn't make any sense to me. She's not normal, dammit!" he grated out. "She's my daughter and she needs to be protected."

James' words relaxed Max and he sat back in his leather chair. He was glad Clarissa's father wasn't the unfeeling brute he'd originally considered him to be. "She knows about the guards." Max took a sip of his brandy, thoughts tumbling through his mind a mile a minute.

That surprised James. "She does? How does she know? They're supposed to make sure they blend in and remain in the background."

Max raised an eyebrow at the man's obtuse attitude toward his only child. "She's not stupid, James."

That stunned him. "I know she's not stupid but I hired the best! How did she figure it out? I thought they were pretty good myself."

Max smiled derisively. "She's very intuitive. Perhaps after several years of seeing the same men wherever she goes, she put two and two together."

James' shoulders slumped in defeat. "Well, yes. I suppose." He considered that for a long moment before relaxing once again. He stared into his drink, contemplating something deeply as he frowned. "So she knows about the body guards. Is she angry?"

Max couldn't fathom why the man asked him. Didn't he know his daughter at all? "She endures them for your sake."

James looked up, confused. "Why for me?"

He shrugged one shoulder dismissively. "She doesn't want to worry your mind." Max couldn't believe that he'd known Clarissa for only a few months but he obviously knew more about her than her own father did.

After a moment of stunned silence, James chuckled as Max's words sank in. "She's just as sweet as her mother, isn't she?" He cleared his throat once again. "Well, thinking about it, I know I need to do something about getting her a husband. I'm sure she's having a hard time meeting men being alone so much. I'm not sure what she does all day in that tiny little cottage she refurbished. I guess she reads a lot of books."

Max wanted to punch the man for being so unaware of Clarissa's life. How could anyone be so unengaged with their family, much less their only child? "She's a translator. She works independently but she's pretty good. I found out that one of my companies has used her on several occasions." Dios, Max thought. How could a father not know anything about his daughter's daily activities?

"A translator?" James asked, stunned. "Really?" His smile started off slowly but grew to encompass his entire face. "Well, I'll be." James shook his head at that revelation. "Her mother always wanted to write books. That's how I met her. She was in the park, doodling on a notebook."

"She's good," Max replied, taking another sip of his drink and trying to smother his irritation. Deciding that the liquor wasn't going to work, he set his glass on the table in front of him and started to stand up. "I have to go."

James stopped him, laying a hand on Max's arm. "Bear with me for a moment, if you could. I had an idea and I think you might be just the man for the job."

Max looked at James for a long moment, considering how he could deal with a man who was so oblivious to such a stunningly beautiful and intelligent daughter who lived right under his nose. Accepting that there was more to the relationship than he could understand, Max nodded and sat back down. "What's on your mind?"

James leaned forward so his elbows were resting on his knees, the drink half forgotten between both his hands. "Clarissa needs to find a husband."

Max gritted his teeth. "You've already mentioned that, James," he replied with as much patience as he could muster under the circumstances. Instantly, he didn't like the path this conversation was taking. He didn't like the idea of another man touching Clarissa. A husband would have every right to touch her, caress her, show her all the passion she was craving.

"I've seen the way Clarissa looks at you," James started out, glancing up at Max to see how he was reacting. James noticed the shuttered eyes and gritting teeth. If his instincts were right, Max was the perfect man for the job he had in mind. "Clarissa doesn't want anything to do with my businesses. But they'll need someone strong enough to take over when I'm ready to retire. I think that person should be you. What do you think?" he asked, letting his words sink in. "Would you marry Clarissa and take over my companies when I'm ready to fade out of the picture?"

Max immediately shook his head. "Clarissa doesn't need a husband to be bought for her. She's beautiful enough to find her own husband."

Those words only confirmed James' opinion and forced him to continue. "So don't think of it as a business deal. Think of it as a continuation of a legacy."

"I'm not for sale," Max reiterated harshly. Just the thought of this man trying to buy a husband for Clarissa set his teeth on edge. She deserved so much more than that, didn't her father realize it?

James eyed the younger man closely, then shrewdly changed tactics, understanding that each person had their own weak points. He hadn't gotten this far in the business world by ignoring that salient point and had learned to read people accurately in order to guess what those weak points were. "Then how about because you're perhaps feeling the same thing Clarissa is?" As soon as the words were out, James knew that he'd hit on the right approach. Smiling with satisfaction, he leaned back in his chair and enjoyed watching Max's inner struggle.

Max leaned back against his chair and rubbed his forehead, a small but insistent headache had started forming behind his eyes.

Unfortunately, the man had a point. He definitely felt something for Clarissa although he wasn't sure he was ready to define what those feelings were quite yet. She was beautiful and desirable, not that he would admit to Clarissa's father that he desperately wanted to take her to bed for days on end and explore her incredible, lush body with his hands and his....Max fought to gain control once again. No father wanted to know a man was thinking in those kinds of terms about his daughter, Max acknowledged.

Sighing deeply, and trying to understand why he was so angry, he finally turned to James, his eyes shuttered in an effort to hide the confusion from the world. "I'm not ready to marry yet. Maybe in a couple of years, but not right now." He had too many things to do and a wife would get in the way.

James shrugged his shoulders. "Fair enough. I can certainly understand your point of view. Marriage is a big step and I'm glad you're being honest with me and with yourself. I wouldn't want anything less for Clarissa." James sighed and extended his hand. "I appreciate your honesty. I'll see who else might be ready and will introduce Clarissa to them. Maybe they'll pique her interest as much as you do."

Max gnashed his teeth but he extended his hand to Clarissa's father. Max knew exactly what James was doing and he didn't appreciate it. He refused to be manipulated, no matter how angry the thought of another man touching Clarissa made him. "Good luck to you," he said evenly, not rising to the bait.

Max wanted to smash something as James walked away. Clarissa deserved to be married to a decent husband. Not someone who worked eighteen hours a day and traveled just as often as he was home. He had no doubt that James would eventually find someone who would be interested in Clarissa. Who wouldn't? She was every man's fantasy! She was smart, beautiful, incredibly sexy and all of that was wrapped up in package of kindness with lots of spirit to spare.

But would she be interested in whoever her father found for her? James wouldn't push her into a marriage simply to get a grandson or granddaughter, would he?

Whoever James found, would he find someone who could appreciate her sense of humor? Who wouldn't crush her spirit by dominating her gentleness? He doubted it. Men at his level aren't known for their compassion.

As Max ducked into the back of his waiting limousine, he thought about someone else being privileged to the same offer Clarissa had given him. Sure, she could probably find someone who would be willing to initiate her into the sexual world. If he hadn't arrived in Rome at just the right moment, she might have even offered that slimy Romeo the option. And Max was sure that the guy wouldn't have a qualm about taking her up on the offer.

Chapter 7

Max went back to his office, trying to lose himself in work. It had always been more than enough in the past but tonight, as he sifted through the latest information on an upcoming merger, he just couldn't concentrate. He read the same paragraph four times without absorbing any of the information. Finally, he tossed the document down to his desk in disgust and shoved out of the chair to stare into the black night. The lights of the city were far below him and he could see the river and the boats coasting back and forth carrying tourists and dinner guests.

He contemplated the night and all that he'd learned during the day. James would never win father of the year but he now understood that he cared in some sort of odd, warped way for Clarissa. James genuinely wanted what was best for his daughter and would go to great lengths to make her happy, even if he had no understanding of what that could be.

Max wondered if he would be able to stand by and watch while James put one man after another in front of Clarissa in the hopes that she might find him attractive and husband material. Max guessed that he'd probably be invited to the wedding when it happened. That thought infuriated him and he was stunned. Taking a mental step back, he contemplated everything he'd been experiencing for the past several weeks. He wanted Clarissa sexually, that was a given. He liked and respected her and instinctively knew that she would be a wonderful mother. So what was holding him back from marrying her himself? Why did he have to wait a couple more years before he married? Obviously there were no financial issues since the latest magazine poll put him in the top ten wealthiest men in Europe. Since they had miscalculated his net worth by several decimal points, he might even be at the top.

There was the time issue. He liked working and enjoyed the cut throat world of business. But would that ever stop? Would he be satisfied to settle down without the intellectual stimulation in a couple years? Probably not. Business was instinctive in him and he craved the excitement of the next business deal like some people breathed.

Despite that need, he could do more of his work at home so he could be with his wife, more specifically, Clarissa. There were resources at his fingertips that he could implement that allowed him to work from any place in the world. And he definitely wouldn't mind delegating some of his responsibilities now, rather than later. That would free up some of his time and would allow him to spend more time on his family, something his mother had been begging him to do for years.

Besides, he was starting to understand that Clarissa was becoming just as strong of a need as the next business negotiation. Her smiles and soft, fluttery touches were almost constantly on his mind. As was her perfect figure. A figure he wanted to caress with more than a fluttery need, he thought grimly. His body was already reacting to the idea of touching her soft, full curves and pulling her against him....He had to stop thinking along those lines. He was going to drive himself crazy.

So what was holding him back?

Max couldn't come up with a single answer.

The realization struck him like a punch in his stomach. When it occurred to him, he instantly felt a huge sense of relief. All the anger that had been building up inside of him since James' party dissipated and he contemplated how much his idea made sense. Which meant he could pursue the slender beauty immediately.

That realization hit him hard and every cell in his body relaxed with that knowledge. He wanted her and now that he was going to marry her, he'd eventually have her. In his arrogant mind, her acceptance of his proposal was a foregone conclusion. She wanted him just as much, they had several things in common and he knew they would get along well.

He pulled his phone out of his pocket and dialed her number. "Clarissa?" he said as soon as she answered her phone. He liked the breathless quality of her tone as she responded.

"I wanted to know if you'd meet me for dinner tomorrow night. Are you free?" Of course she responded affirmatively. "Good. I'll send my driver to pick you up at six-thirty."

He snapped the phone closed and nodded, already making plans for the following night that would segue easily into a marriage proposal. Romance, he knew, would be key. Clarissa might have espoused some silly ideas about not wanting to marry but every woman wanted to marry. He'd had enough experience avoiding the various ploys of aggressive women over the years to know that they pursued that state with an almost single minded determination in some cases.

Looking around his office, he felt his breathing come more easily. The sunset over the horizon was a bit brighter now that he'd made his decision. The knowledge that he wouldn't have to fight his attraction to Clarissa any longer was powerful and hit him suddenly.

Smiling, he picked up the phone and dialed.

Chapter 8

Clarissa hung up the phone and hugged a pillow to her chest in her excitement. Could his request for a dinner date mean what she hoped it meant? Would he actually accept her proposition? She could hardly sleep that night as the hope and anticipation spiked through her body. When she woke the following morning, all she could think about was buying a sexy new dress for the occasion. She dressed quickly, then grabbed her purse and headed for the stores, stepping out of a cab just as the first one was unlocking their doors.

As she sifted through the various boutiques, she considered and discarded more than forty different dresses. Some were too obvious, others not obvious enough. Too garish, too conservative, too tight...or just not right. By two o'clock that afternoon, she was becoming discouraged. She only had four hours and she still hadn't found anything that would work. Tonight had to be perfect, she thought with frustration.

She trudged on, determined to find a dress that would work.

An hour later, she found it and almost melted into a heap of excitement as she pulled the zipper closed and surveyed her figure in the mirror. The silk black fabric clung to her curves, making her feel and look like a temptress. The cut of the dress was perfect, clinging to her waist and her breasts, then flaring out at her hips to end mid-calf. Since it had spaghetti straps, she couldn't wear a bra underneath, but there was enough support in the bodice that she didn't really need to. Going without a bra made her feel decadent, and oh, so very sexy!

She found a pair of sling-back shoes with a sexy heel in the next store and, with her precious purchases, she hurried back to her cottage. After showering, she dried her hair and curled the ends, flipping the mass back so she looked like one of the models in the underwear catalogs. She applied more makeup than usual and loved the seductive look it gave her. She looked sophisticated. Now if only she could feel the part as well, she thought, putting a hand to her stomach as the butterflies danced around excitedly.

The car arrived at exactly six-thirty but she was disappointed to not find him in the back waiting for her. But that was just as well, she thought. He was so intent on making her into some sort of Mother Theresa, he might have taken one look at her dress and marched her back inside to change. She didn't want to change. She wanted to see his reaction when he saw her dressed like this. She just knew that he would see her in a different light once he saw her like this and it would reinforce his decision to accept an affair with her.

The car pulled up outside a beautiful house with so many windows in the front, she couldn't even count them. It was three stories high with lovely landscaping highlighted by subtle outdoor lighting. She was impressed that Max lived in an actual house, well, mansion, she corrected, and not a penthouse apartment some place in town.

The door was opened as soon as she stepped on the top step and she was escorted into the house by a stately butler. She found Max in a cozy family room in the back of the house. As soon as she stepped into the room, Clarissa gasped in delighted surprise. Since it was the middle of summer, there were candles in the fireplace instead of a fire. But it still cast a romantic glow over the room. There were candles on the mantle and on a table set up in the corner with flowers. As she looked around, her eyes instinctively turned to find Max who was behind a bar opening a bottle of champagne. The doors were closed quietly behind her and her mouth felt dry as she looked across the room at the man who had haunted her dreams for so long. Tonight was finally going to show her what she'd been missing for so long.

"Good evening," Max said and poured two glasses of champagne. His eyes flared as he looked down at her dress and she could tell that he liked it. A lot. "You look lovely."

Nervously, she clenched at her small, beaded purse. "Thank you," was all she could get out.

"Would you like a drink?" he asked and started walking toward her.

She accepted the glass of champagne nervously, trying to relax when he smiled reassuringly at her. "Thank you." She took a sip and looked away, unable to hold his gaze with the heat behind his.

"Your home is lovely," she said and took several steps into the room. "How long have you lived here?"

Max watched in fascination as she walked around the room, touching various knick knacks and generally trying to force herself to relax. He liked that about her, he realized. She couldn't hide her reaction to him. Yes, they would get along very well, he thought. As long as she never wore that kind of dress in public. He took a long swallow of his drink, his eyes moving up and down her gorgeous, slender figure clad in the clinging silk that left nothing to the imagination. He almost groaned when his eyes skimmed over her breasts, realizing that she wasn't wearing anything underneath. His fingers ached to pull the material away and see what her breasts would look like, what color her nipples were and if they would peak in his hand when he touched them.

He pulled his eyes away and looked at her face. "I've had the house for about five years. Would you like some appetizers?" he asked, indicating a platter of delicacies on the table in front of the fire place.

Clarissa looked down at the platter and shook her head. "No, thank you," she replied. She couldn't eat a thing being this nervous. "How was your day?" she asked, desperate to find a neutral topic.

They talked about his latest business deals and she told him about the plot to the latest book she was translating. She was thrilled when he laughed at some of the dialog she'd translated because of the idioms of the French language, his amusement reinforcing to her that the words would come across well.

As they talked, Max picked up one of the small hors'douevres and walked over to her. "Open your mouth," he said and Clarissa obeyed despite the fact that she was in the middle of a sentence.

The crab quiche pastry was divine. The succulent appetizer was the perfect size and texture, letting her stomach know that she really was hungry. "Oh, goodness, that's delicious," she said when she'd finished chewing.

"Tell me more about your story," he said and picked up another bite, popping it in his own mouth.

They chatted for about an hour before one of the servants brought in two plates covered with silver covers. The servant quickly disappeared and Max took her hand to lead her over to the table. He lifted the silver covers himself, then sat down opposite her. "I don't know what your favorite meals are, or I would have requested that for tonight. I hope this is adequate."

Clarissa looked down at her plate and suddenly, her mouth started watering. There was a perfectly broiled steak with delicious, cheesy looking potatoes and steamed broccoli. "This looks wonderful," she gushed, picking up her knife and fork to eat. "I'm actually starving."

They chatted about so many subjects during the meal and Clarissa was astounded by how many opinions they had in common and how many books they had both read. The meal was wonderful and she couldn't help but see the desire kindling in his eyes. It made her feel pretty and seductive, something she'd never really felt before. It was exhilarating to have a man this amazing want her.

Clarissa ignored the dessert, her stomach was too nervous to even touch the delicious looking raspberry tort in front of her.

"You're not in the mood for something sweet?" Max asked, standing up and coming around the table.

Clarissa was only in the mood for him to take her into his arms and wipe away this silly nervous feeling she was experiencing. "No. Not really."

"Good," he replied. He took her hand and brought her over to the sofa, sitting down next to her. "I wanted to talk to you about something."

She licked her lips and could feel her heart rate increase significantly. Could a person faint from anticipation? She was seriously worried about that possibility but she wasn't going to miss this experience by being silly and passing out on the man she felt like she'd been waiting to be with for years. "What did you want to discuss?" she asked carefully, not bothering to push her skirt down over her knees as she normally would have done. A thrill shot through her as she saw his eyes flash to her knees and then back up to her face.

"I like you and respect you very much. I believe you're intelligent and witty."

Clarissa blinked. This wasn't what she'd been hoping to hear. "Well... thank you," she finally got out. "I like and respect you very much as well."

"Good. Then this won't be a surprise," he said mysteriously as he pulled out a small, velvet box. "Will you marry me?" he asked and flipped open the box to reveal a beautiful, square cut diamond ring.

Clarissa gasped, her hand covering her mouth, then dropping to her heart as confusion set in. "You want to marry me?" she whispered, her anxious eyes snapping back to his, completely ignoring the ring. She tried hard to fight the steel band that seemed to have formed across her chest. She wanted Max in a painful way, but marriage was abhorrent. She couldn't imagine being married and being miserable like so many of the couples she knew. No, that definitely wasn't what she wanted. And she'd said as much to Max, on several occasions. How could he have misunderstood her so completely?

"Yes. I think we'd make a very good couple. I take it from your surprised expression that your answer is yes?" he replied, more as a statement than a question.

She stood up and took several steps away from him, her hand going to her hair as she tried to figure out where she'd gone wrong. "Max, I thought we'd already discussed this and you understood my position regarding marriage. I'm not interested in getting married. Not to you or to anyone."

Max chuckled at her comment, arrogantly dismissing it. "Yes, but that was before you had an offer on the table." He pulled her against his hard body and looked down into her soft, blue eyes. "You don't have to pretend you're not interested in marriage anymore. I'm more than willing to marry you."

Clarissa's eyes snapped with blue fire at that statement. "So you thought I'd be so overwhelmed by your proposal that I would just completely change my mind and fall into wedding planning?" She pushed against his chest and stepped back, relieved when he allowed her the additional space. "Or were you just so arrogant that you thought all of my comments about not wanting to get married were a lie, or..." she gasped, "a way to trick you into proposing?" She hated the idea that he thought she was just playing games.

His amusement vanished immediately to be replaced by irritation. This cynical rejection wasn't the reaction he'd been expecting at all. Max put his hands on his hips and glared right back. "Something along those lines, yes."

"Well I hate to surprise you..." she started to say.

"Too late for that," he interrupted.

"But I'm genuinely not interested in marrying. I don't like marriages in our level of society. I'd rather stay single for the rest of my life than to be tied to a man who doesn't love me and who is most likely in the relationship for a business reason."

"You're being ridiculous!"

"Am I?" she countered, not intimidated by him at all even though he was now towering over her, his glare enough to terrify anyone.

"You are. Every woman wants to get married and have children."

"As I said to you last week," she grated out, "I'm not one of those women so stop lumping all women into the same category. How would you like it if I did that to men? Perhaps I could say that any man who hadn't been married by the time he was thirty two was probably gay? Would that make you feel good?"

Max rolled his eyes. "I think it is probably safe to say that I'm not gay."

She shook her head in exasperation. "Max, you're only proving my point!"

Crossing his arms over his chest in a very arrogant manner, he glared down at her. "I want you. You want me just as much. What's the issue here?"

She couldn't believe he was simplifying something so complicated. This wasn't an itch that needed to be scratched. This was a life-long commitment that had repercussions on every aspect of their lives. She'd thought this through and wasn't going to back down just because he wanted to show off his machismo.

"The issue is, I'm not going to marry!" she practically shouted at him. She took a deep breath trying to calm down. "Look Max. I don't want to marry. I don't want to be tied to a man who will most likely move on to the next woman just as easily as he buys a new car. I've seen it happen too often." She paused to look around the room and put a little space between them. "Think about the people at my father's birthday party two weeks ago. Can you name a single couple who is not on their second, or even third marriage?" she challenged. "And what about those who aren't divorced yet, are the people in that marriage faithful to each other?"

Max was livid with her comments. "Are you saying I would violate my wedding vows?" he demanded.

Clarissa shook her head. "I don't know you well enough to be able to say that, Max. What I am saying is that I want a relationship that is based on mutual attraction, respect and emotions. And I definitely want business to stay out of it. Most marriages in our circles are based on what each person can gain from the relationship instead of what each can give." She looked at him pleadingly. "I just want to have an affair with you and leave the legalities out of the relationship. I honestly don't want to end up cynical and hurt because I found out I couldn't hold your attention, or never had it to begin with and I was only a negotiating tool. I'm not compromising on this. It's too important to me."

He crossed his arms over his chest and glared at her. "And I'm not willing to compromise on my stand either. We will just have to get to know each other better so you can prove to yourself that I am not like those others. We will have a good marriage, Clarissa."

She glared right back at him, her eyes shooting darts in his direction but he'd appeared to calm down much more easily than she had. "Then I guess there's only one thing left to do."

"Exactly. You set a date."

Her fists curled into balls at her side. "No. It means you'll call your driver and he'll take me home. Or I'll call a cab."

Max shook his head as well. He was leaning toward her, trapping her against the sofa in an effort to press his will upon her. "I won't allow you to fall into another man's arms, Clarissa. You're mine."

She gasped in shock, her hand coming up to cover her chest as if to ward off his horrible words. "I'm not!"

He took an intimidating step closer. "Want to challenge me on that?"

His anger hadn't scared her but the new look in his eyes, the one that told her she should be very careful about what she said for the next few minutes, definitely made her wary now and she took a step back, shrinking slightly as his height and breadth seemed to take up all the available breathing room. "No. But you don't control me. I won't fall under your commands. Save your orders for your employees. I think you have enough of them."

His smile was slow and seductive and Clarissa's stomach muscles clenched as he walked forward. "You're going to marry me, Clarissa," he stated firmly. "But in the mean time..." he started to say but didn't finish his sentence. Instead, he pulled her gently but firmly into his arms, one finger under her chin as he lifted her head to kiss her.

As soon as his mouth touched hers, Clarissa was lost. His mouth moved slowly over hers, causing her senses to swim and her body to move closer to his. When he felt her give in, his arm wrapped around her waist, pulling her closer and Clarissa could feel his arousal, which only heightened hers. This was what she'd been anticipating and she wasn't disappointed.

He didn't touch her in any other way but Clarissa's arms lifted so her hands tentatively touched his shoulders. As his mouth slanted across hers, his tongue touched her lips and she happily opened her mouth, granting him access. His tongue moved in, seducing just as his body was doing.

Clarissa could hardly breathe and her arms crept up higher, her fingers daring to touch the skin above his collar. He felt hot to her touch and the combination of his body against hers, her fingers on his skin and his mouth ravaging hers, she whimpered with her need to find out more, to learn more and discover the next step. She wanted to feel it all and know how it would feel to have Max touch her, move his hands along her body.

Instead, he pulled away. "Come out with me tomorrow," he said with a husky voice, his hands resting on her waist only long enough to ensure that she was able to stand before he stepped away from her.

Clarissa watched in frustration and confusion as he moved to his cell phone and called his driver. "Tomorrow?" she asked, still not sure why he'd stopped kissing her. She reached behind her, placing her hands on the sofa in an effort to steady herself.

"Yes. I have tickets to the ballet tomorrow night. I'll pick you up at eight. Will that be okay?"

She shook her head, trying to follow along with the conversation. "I don't understand. You want to marry me; I don't want to get married. I want to have an affair with you but you won't do that. And yet you still want me to attend the ballet with you?"

He spoke into the phone for a moment before snapping it shut and turning back to her. "That about sums it up." He tossed his cell phone onto the sofa and came back to where she was standing, still looking dazed and confused.

She looked up at him, her hands itching to feel his warm skin again, to feel his hard body pressed against hers and know that exhilarating feeling when he kissed her. "What's the point? I'm not going to change my mind."

"Yes, you are," he said and slipped his jacket off and wrapped it around her shoulders. "Come along. My driver is out front. I'll see you home."

Clarissa sat in the back of the limousine snuggled into his jacket. She loved the scent of his cologne that wrapped around her on all sides from the fabric. It was still warm from his body and, while driving back to her cottage, she imagined what it would be like to lay in his arms, his body heat surrounding her instead of only his jacket. She snuck several peaks at him as the street lights illuminated the interior of the limousine but his grim determination only irritated her so she stopped looking.

She longed to argue with him about his last statement, but couldn't generate enough interest. She was firmly set on her side of the fence, and he was on his. There wasn't much room to wiggle.

The driver pulled smoothly up to her small cottage and she stepped out, shrugging the jacket off her shoulders, prepared to give it back to him. But he surprised her by getting out behind her and walking her to the door, his warm hand burning a hole in her dress at the small of her back.

At the door, she opened it, never needing keys when she lived on the estate with her father's security team around. His eyes noticed the lack of a locked door and he scowled. "You don't lock it?"

"No. Why should I?" she asked, turning to say a crisp goodnight to him but he had other intentions.

"You'll lock this door from now on, understand?" he told her and walked in ahead of her.

She watched as he walked through her small family room, turning on lights and checking the windows, locking each of them. "Max? What are you doing?" she asked, following him through the cottage.

"I'm making sure you're alone," he said and walked into her kitchen, turning on more lights as he went. He checked the other windows and doors in her bedroom and bathroom, locking each of them.

Clarissa stood in the middle of the room impatiently. "Max, I live within my father's perimeter which is practically Fort Knox. There are guard dogs and security fences all around not to mention the secret body guards my father has watching me around the clock. No one's going to be able to get in here without one of those security measures being tripped up."

"Just allow me my little idiosyncrasies, cara," he said a moment before he pulled her into his arms, holding her close against his body as his mouth covered hers in a thorough kiss that left her breathless once again. Just as suddenly, he released her and walked out the door. With one hand on the door handle, he turned back to look at her, winking as he took in her disoriented appearance. "I'll see you tomorrow night."

He shut the door a moment later and she was still reeling from his kiss when she heard the limousine pull away.

Chapter 9

Clarissa wasn't sure what she was doing. She was going to the ballet with Max but there was no future for them. Why was she wasting her time?

She'd spent the day working on her latest book, her fingers flying over the keyboard as she worked out the details. The characters were wonderful, funny, intelligent and the man really knew how to kiss, she thought. It was a mystery and the private detective reminded her of Max and how strong he was. Oh, sure, she knew Max was much too busy to solve mysteries or chase bad guys down the street late at night. But he was definitely the hero type. His macho arrogance and bulging muscles would make him any woman's fantasy hero.

In her frustration and determination to put Max out of her mind, she plowed through several chapters in the book, translating it into French and by the time she looked at the clock late in the afternoon, she'd made a good deal of progress.

She sat at her desk, contemplating the time. If she was going to the ballet with Max, she needed to start getting ready now. If she wasn't going, she needed to call him and tell him. Would he have already left the office by now? She knew his cell phone number but didn't dare to call him. She didn't want to talk to him, knowing he'd just ignore her backing out of the night. Perhaps she could call his secretary and have her relay the message to Max. Would that work? Would he accept it?

Sighing, she knew he'd show up no matter how she got a message to him. Turning off her computer, she accepted that Max's determination was part of the reason she was so attracted to him. He knew what he wanted and went after it with single minded purpose.

An hour later, the doorbell rang and she lifted her shawl off the back of the sofa before opening the door. "You didn't check to see who it was, Clarissa," he said before pulling her into his arms. He kissed her thoroughly, then released her and took her hand to lead her out to the car. Clarissa sat in the back of the car in shock as she listened to him ask her questions. She wasn't sure what she replied, too stunned by her body's reaction to his kiss, but he was obviously satisfied with her answers.

Her confusion lasted through the entire ballet performance. She was sure that it was probably a well performed event with masterful dancers and she had a vague idea of fabulous costumes and settings. But Max sat next to her in a private box, his hand holding hers hostage. He laid her hand on his thigh during the first half of the performance which had her mind spinning. Her fingers wanted to run up and down the muscles underneath her palms but she forced her hand to remain still, unsure of what the correct thing to do in this situation. She'd never put her hand on another man's arm, much less his thigh so she was painfully nervous and excited.

During intermission, Max kept his arm around her waist, holding her close as others came up to talk with him on various subjects. While his acquaintances discussed business or different events, Max's hand rested low on her back. Much lower than when he was guiding her around some place. It wasn't on her derriere but it was enticingly low. He kept her back to the wall so others wouldn't be able to see where his hand was but she knew. And she had no idea what was being asked of her.

During the second half of the performance, Max took her hand once again and laid it palm side up. She tried to pull it away, but he wouldn't let her. And when he started to make patterns on the palm, Clarissa almost groaned with the agony of desire his touch sparked. She was able to control her reactions only by staring straight ahead, pretending to the rest of the audience that nothing out of the ordinary was happening. She couldn't even care that so many people kept staring at their box as long as Max continued with his erotic touch. It was the first time she'd been on display and hadn't cared a fig.

When the ballet let out, several of Max's friends met them outside in the lobby and everyone agreed to dine together at a nearby restaurant. Clarissa didn't want to eat. She wanted to tear her hand away from Max's and beg him to show her more. She loved the way she was feeling right now and wanted to continue to explore this new world.

At the restaurant, the conversations were lively and she enjoyed everyone. But when they left, she wanted to fall into Max's arms. Instead, he kept her close by his side, but didn't touch her in any other way. Until they reached her door.

As a challenge to him, she hadn't locked her door. He growled down at her a moment before he pulled her into his arms. But just as he had the other two times, he only kissed her passionately before stepping away and starting to walk back to his limousine. A few steps away, he stopped and turned back to her.

"I have to go out of town for several days. If I arrange it, will you meet me in Sicily for a long weekend?" he asked.

"A long weekend?" she gasped, her eyes lighting up with excitement. "Will you show me your house?"

"Absolutely. And I'll show you a part of Italy that is much different from what we saw previously."

"I'd love it," she breathed.

"I'll send a car for you." He touched her cheek a moment before leaving.

Three days later, she was on one of Max's jets and she was flying over the ocean, her excitement at seeing him after an absence of three days almost making her jump up and down in her seat.

When the plane touched down and taxied over to the private landing area, she was thrilled to see him standing there waiting for her. Her instinct was to rush out of the plane and throw herself into his arms, but after three days, she was too shy and insecure of his reaction so when the doors were opened, she smiled tentatively and walked sedately down the steps.

When she was a foot away from him, he shook his head. "Not a very enthusiastic greeting, cara," he said.

Without any further prompting, she smiled and jumped the last foot into his arms. He caught her easily, and pulled her against him, his arms lifting her higher so he could reach her mouth without bending down. "You look beautiful," he said a moment before his mouth claimed hers.

The drive to his home was fascinating as he pointed out several interesting sights along the way. When the driver pulled into the long, tree lined driveway, Clarissa gasped in excitement as she surveyed his home. In true Italian style, the roman archways and climbing vines decorated his house, making it look both elegant and yet still welcoming.

The cool tile entryway was lovely and a maid greeted her as the two of them walked in, handing both of them a tall, cold glass of lemonade. "Buon giorno," Clarissa smiled politely.

The maid replied back and then disappeared quickly.

"Have you been studying Italian?" Max asked, his arms slipping around her waist and hugging her gently.

"Maybe a little. I didn't know much the last time I was here and it was confusing at times."

"It sounds very sexy when you speak it," he replied, his lips nuzzling her neck.

Clarissa shivered with delight as she felt his lips against her neck, moving to her shoulder and then back up to take her ear lobe between his teeth. She had trouble holding the glass of lemonade in her hands since they started shaking so much.

"Max, release that woman at once," a strong, female voice said from one of the three hallways leading to the entry way.

Clarissa gasped and opened her eyes, looking around to see where the voice had come from.

She saw a lovely, elderly woman with black hair and merry eyes walking gracefully down the hallway toward them, a smile on her face as she extended her hand toward Clarissa. "Since my son has lost all of his manners, I'm forced to introduce myself. It is a pleasure to meet you, my dear. I'm Max's mother. You may call me Sophia."

Clarissa could not believe that she'd been caught in such a compromising position by Max's mother. She tried to slip out of his arms while still holding the now slippery glass of lemonade and shake Sophia's hand all at the same time. Max refused to let her go so she was forced to extend her hand and wait for the woman to meet her.

"It is lovely to meet you as well," she said, wishing she didn't sound so stiff. What on earth was his mother doing here? She'd been hoping that they would be alone and it would give her more opportunity to seduce Max. She'd planned it all out, even down to the very sexy, very transparent negligee packed away in her bags. She'd searched through several stores to find exactly what she was looking for and the soft, pink silk nightgown was perfect for a seduction, if she could find the courage to wear it in front of Max. So why was his mother eagerly shaking her hand, smiling into Clarissa's eyes as if this were a normal moment and not one of the most embarrassing of her life.

This was definitely not how her long weekend alone with Max was supposed to progress.

Despite the wish that she was alone with Max, she was delighted with both Sophia as well as Maria, Max's younger sister. Both women chatted almost non-stop, including her in all the conversations and speaking only in English so she wouldn't feel left out. They talked bout everything under the sun and by the time dinner was finished, Clarissa felt as if she'd known the women for years.

"It is time for bed," Max declared when he caught Clarissa smothering a yawn over after dinner drinks.

Clarissa hid her fatigue and shook her head, not wanting to be the wet blanket on the evening. "No, please, don't break up the night simply because of me. I'll be fine."

Max ignored her protests and stood up, taking her brandy glass out of her hands and pulling her to her feet. He said a soft goodnight to his mother and sister before pulling Clarissa out of the room, his arm automatically going around her waist as he led her out of the salon.

Clarissa couldn't help but feel disappointment as they climbed the stairs. "I'm not sharing your room this weekend, am I?" she asked sleepily, leaning her head against his massive shoulder. It was one of those actions she'd never have the courage to initiate if she were more awake. Thankfully, Max didn't seem to mind. In fact, he pulled her closer, his hand moving to her neck and she felt his fingers play with her hair.

"Of course not, cara. You'll have your own bedroom until it is time," he replied, pulling her closer and pressing a kiss on the top of her head.

He stopped outside a doorway and Clarissa looked up at him. "You don't know what you're missing, Max." She was trying to be a temptress, but she could tell by the determined look on his face that it wasn't working. He was not budging on his determination that they weren't going to share a room.

She was leaning against the wall outside her bedroom and Max's hand held him several inches away from her, braced against the wall over her head. He smiled as he looked down into her sleepy eyes. "I can wait until things are right," he said. His other hand tangled in her hair that was loose around her shoulders. He looked at her for a long moment before he pulled her closer and bent low to kiss her gently on the lips.

Clarissa responded just as she always did but, since it was almost midnight and she'd been up since five o'clock in the morning, she was very relaxed.

Max chuckled as he looked down at her sleepy face. "You're too tired to play the seductress tonight. But there's plenty of time for you to try tomorrow."

"Promise?" she said, her hand covering her mouth as she yawned once again.

"Promise. Go to sleep," he said as he opened the bedroom door for her, then pushed her gently inside.

Clarissa climbed into the beautiful rose patterned bed, loving the smell of flowers just under the ornate balcony that wafted through the open doors. Her last thought before she closed her eyes that night was how exciting it was to have permission to try and seduce Max.

Chapter 10

Clarissa was enchanted with the small village where Max lived. Wherever they went, they were greeted by people who wanted to have a word with Max but Clarissa didn't mind the interruption. She liked sitting and watching the men laugh or the children play in the playground. His conversations gave her a chance to smell the flowers and explore the small shops, picking out small gifts for her friends and father.

There was a small church where Max introduced her to the priest who was delighted to meet her and even offered to share his lunch with them. Max declined, explaining that he was showing Clarissa around the village. With a wave and a smile, they were off to the ocean where they swam in the warm water, then slept on the beach next to each other on a large beach towel. After their nap, they explored the rocky areas, climbing high onto the cliffs and looking out to sea, watching the sun set over the horizon.

The evening was just as nice as the previous one but Clarissa had to admit a bit of surprise when Sophia and Maria were already sitting in the salon when they arrived back at Max's villa. They again stayed for dinner and Clarissa, exhausted after a full day of sightseeing, fell asleep in the middle of the conversation. She woke to feel Max's strong arms carrying her up to her bedroom. She leaned her head on his strong shoulder, barely able to open her eyes as she said sleepily, "When was I going to be able to seduce you?" she asked groggily, snuggling her nose into the side of his neck and inhaling deeply.

Max chuckled and opened the door to her bedroom. Setting her down on the bed, he leaned down and kissed her gently. "Perhaps tomorrow will have better opportunities," he suggested.

Clarissa was fine with that idea, especially since she had trouble maintaining an upright position right now. "Good. I'll hold you to that promise."

"Do you need help changing?" he asked.

"Yes!" she said, her eyes suddenly lighting up and all traces of fatigue leaving her body. "Yes, I really do!"

Max laughed softly and kissed her shoulder, bare where the pretty, flowered sundress stopped. "Okay, I'll send my mother up to help you."

Clarissa grimaced. "I'd rather you help me," she said and stood up, walking over to stand next to him. He had one hand on the door knob but his other came up to touch her cheek.

He picked up her hand and kissed her fingertips, his eyes never leaving her face. "I don't think tonight is the right time," he suggested.

Clarissa licked her lips and shook her head, denying his statement. "I think it would be perfect," she countered. "Why don't you just help me get out of this dress," she suggested, her face turning red at such a blatant invitation. She wished she could just pull off her dress and entice him but she wasn't that confident.

"Not yet," he repeated but he pulled her against him, his hands on her back holding her so he could easily kiss her lips. He kissed her until she was breathless and her hands had crept up to his shoulders. But as soon as her fingers touched his hair, he pulled back.

Clarissa wasn't fooled. She'd felt his body's reaction and was thrilled that she could have such an immediate impact on him. She was glad she wasn't the only one that was feeling this way.

She could tell that he was trying to control the same desire she was feeling and it frustrated her. "Why do you pull away like that?" She saw the desire in his eyes but at her question, his gaze shuttered and she couldn't see any emotion any longer. It was as if he were trying to control anything she made him feel.

He brushed his finger against her cheek and smiled gently. "You're tired. We'll talk in the morning." He slipped out of the room quietly, winking at her before closing the door.

Clarissa sighed and leaned against the closed door, wishing she could figure him out. She let him go because she could see the strain on his face, if not the desire any longer, but that didn't mean she wasn't frustrated about the situation. And she didn't understand why there was so much tension in him but she was immediately concerned that she might be the cause. She didn't like thinking that she was more of a burden to him than anything else.

As she pulled her dress off and hung it in the closet, she determined that she'd talk with him the next day to make sure she wasn't a bother to him. She wanted to be his mistress or lover, or whatever they were called these days. She definitely didn't want to be an albatross.

Unfortunately, she didn't have a chance to question him about it the following day. The day was spent with his family, first going to church and then at a large feast held on the back patio of his villa. There were aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews, cousins and so many others she'd lost count. The whole time though, Max kept her by his side, not letting her out of his sight and so many people came up to introduce themselves, she was overwhelmed by their names. By the time lunch was finally served, her mind was spinning with everyone's faces as she tried to place them in an effort to be polite the next time she saw them.

The afternoon seemed to never end and there wasn't a single moment when she could have a private word with Max about anything, much less the opportunity he'd promised her the previous night. By the time they were on their way back to the airport, she was glaring at him across the back seat of the limousine.

"You orchestrated all of this, didn't you?" she demanded, her arms crossed over her chest.

"I'm not sure what you mean," he replied, and pulled her forward until she was sitting in his lap. His lips covered hers so Clarissa was unable to respond. And when his hands touched her waist, sliding across her stomach, she had no mind to respond anyway. This was new and exciting, feeling his large, strong hand on a place her body had never had another person touch. She shivered in excitement and turned toward his heat, wanting him to touch her in other areas.

Her hands reached up and wrapped around his neck, her fingers sliding into his hair and she gasped when his hand slid higher. Not quite touching her breast but resting just underneath.

She moaned and shifted, her bottom covering his lap felt his own reaction and she thrilled to it, wiggling her bottom without thought and arching her back, instinctively tempting him to move his hand higher, to provide what her body was aching to feel.

When his hand slid to her back, she almost cried out with frustration but he didn't stop kissing her so she was unable to protest the loss of his hand where she wanted it to move. Then she felt his fingers on the bare skin where her sun dress didn't cover and the intensity of that left her almost shaking. Could a back really be that sensitive? She'd had no idea!

Her fingers curled into fists, gripping his hair and holding him there, desperate for more of him and her body pushing against his hand.

"We're here," his deep voice said as he pulled away, his breathing just as heavy as hers and his eyes reflecting the desire her whole body was feeling.

"Where?" She asked, her fingers slowly releasing his hair as she looked out the window. "Oh," she gasped and jumped off his lap. They were parked at the airport, one of his private planes ready for takeoff. The stairs were pushed up against the plane and one of the stewardesses was leaning back against the interior of the cabin, as if she'd recently been standing at attention but was no longer sure when the two of them would emerge from the limousine.

Clarissa moved across the seat, her hands moving to make sure her dress was still decent. She grimaced when she realized that he hadn't even unzipped the zipper slightly. What had she turned into? She had been kissing a man and she had completely lost her head. Again. Had she no self control?

"Goodness," she whispered and quickly scooted toward the door and out of the car, careful to keep her dress down over her knees in a feeble attempt at etiquette. "You don't think they suspected what we were doing, do you?" she whispered when he stepped out behind her.

"Of course not," he replied. His entire flight crew was standing around waiting on a limousine that was not moving. They didn't suspect anything. They knew exactly what was happening inside the car. He smothered a chuckle at her relieved expression, not bothering to correct her assumptions. Putting a hand to the small of her back, he led her to the stairs leading to the interior of the plane. "Come along. Our flight is ready to take off."

They entered the cabin and as soon as the plane was airborne, Max's cell phone rang. He looked over at her and apologized before picking it up and talking. Clarissa enjoyed listening to him speak in the foreign languages, some of which she knew and others, she had absolutely no grasp of. After a while, she pulled open her laptop and started working herself and soon she was absorbed in the translation of the current novel she was working on.

At some point, she must have fallen asleep because several hours later, she heard Max's voice and his hand gently nudging her awake. "You're home, Clarissa," he said softly into her ear.

Clarissa sighed in frustration. "Great," she moaned. Home meant no more days spent in Max's company, no more exciting conversations, no more waking up and knowing he was in a breakfast room sipping coffee and reading the financial section of the newspaper as he waited for her arrival. She hated that.

Getting off the plane, Clarissa felt a slight depression settle into her bones. She'd been with Max for so many days, feeling him next to her, laughing with him, listening as he spoke to her or with someone else and being able to enjoy the deep timber of his voice.

Now, being back home on her father's estate in her small little cottage which didn't seem as warm and cozy as the sun drenched villa in Sicily, all she wanted to do was to turn around and try to convince Max to follow her inside. But the look on his face moments before he kissed her goodbye told her that her arguments would fall on deaf ears. The man had an agenda and he was using every ploy in his arsenal to get her to marry him.

Seeing the determined look on his face, she squared her shoulders, smiled calmly back at him and then walked into her cottage. Moments later, she fell into a puddle of frustration on her quilt covered bed, frustration and unsatisfied sexual desire still pinging around in her body. Damn the man! He had no conscience, she told herself. If she had any self-respect, she'd stop seeing him.

But deep down, Clarissa knew that wasn't an option.

Chapter 11

The following four weeks were both heaven and hell. She spent several wonderful evenings with Max, dining at delicious restaurants, going to the opera, the ballet, the theatre or to various social functions. At all of them, Max was courteous and attentive, never letting her out of his sight for very long and always pulling her close when she was near, making her feel wanted and desirable.

At the end of the evening, he was merciless. The first few nights after their return from Italy, she would willingly fall into his arms, eager for his kisses and his touch that would light her body on fire with need. But he would never follow through with the promise of his kisses. He would leave her aching and shivering with a desire she'd never knew was possible, but he would still leave her. Max was an expert at discovering all of her erogenous zones; her back, her thighs, her neck and shoulders. He never once touched her breasts although they were swollen and aching with the need to feel his hands on them. And he never touched her above the thigh or below her stomach. It was as if he were teasing her.

By the third week, she could no longer handle his touch. The night he brought her home from a dinner party, she took a seat as far away from him as she possibly could in the limousine. "Why so far, cara?" he asked and reached out to pull her close.

Holding her hands out in front of her, she shook her head and warded off his hands. "No Max. Please don't touch me."

He laughed softly and shook his head as well. "You don't really mean that," he said and pulled her onto his lap.

Clarissa quickly grabbed his wrists and held them away from her. "Please Max," she begged, tears brimming on her lashes and ashamed that she'd reached this level but unable to help it when he did this to her. She was just butter in his hands, melting and eager to feel more. But she was now in pain of frustration and couldn't take it any longer. She wasn't sleeping, she wasn't eating much anymore and her mind couldn't concentrate on her work. She was slowly losing her mind because of what he put through each night. Or more specifically, what she allowed him to put her through. But hat had to end. She couldn't take it anymore. "You've got to stop. I know by now that you're not going to make love to me so why bother starting something you don't intend to finish?"

He could easily break her hold on his hands but he didn't, allowing her the fantasy that she was actually in control. His mouth touched the pulse at the base of her throat that was beating rapidly. "Marry me and I'll make love to you."

Clarissa moaned and shook her head. "Is that was this is all about?" she demanded, leaning back but that only gave his mouth access to her chest and he took full advantage of that position, especially since her hands were occupied with his own hands and keeping them at bay. "I won't marry you."

"Then I won't make love with you," he said and his lips nuzzled the cleft between her breasts, then moved across to the gentle swell of her left breast. "It's your decision."

Clarissa whimpered but her body moved toward his mouth, her nipple already hard and aching. "That's not fair," she almost screamed. She wanted to hit him but he was now holding her wrists instead of the other way around. She was powerless to do anything about it though. "You've had sex with other women. I'm not any different. Just treat me like you treated them."

"You're not like the other women, Clarissa," he explained softly and his lips moved across to the other breast, teasing in the same manner. "You're going to be my wife and I won't disrespect you by making love to you before we are wed."

"I'm not!" she groaned, freeing her hands so she could hold his head. "I'm just like those other women with needs and desires. A desire you're perpetually igniting and not doing it in a very nice way," she pointed out. She wasn't sure if she was going to pull his head closer or keep him away. "I won't do it, Max. And you're not playing fair. What would you do with a woman who did this to you?"

She pulled out of his arms and she was grateful that he let her go. With his strength, he could have easily held her in his arms and when his mouth was kissing her, she couldn't dredge up the will power to resist him. She craved his touch too much.

Clarissa practically shot out of the car and walked hurriedly into her cottage. Tossing her purse onto the sofa, she turned to confront Max who, she knew from experience, would follow her in.

Crossing her arms over her chest, she squared her shoulders, prepared to do battle. When he walked through the door, she glared at him. "Max, I don't want to see you anymore."

Max's only response was to smile as he continued to walk toward her.

Clarissa saw the intent in his eyes and tried to steel herself against it. Unfortunately, she couldn't. She wanted him too much. "Max, please don't come any closer," she called out, holding up her hand in front of her. She moved so that the ottoman was between their bodies, hoping it would provide the protection against his hands and mouth that she needed.

It didn't. He simply reached out and lifted her across the obstacle so she was standing close to him.

Looking down into her soft, blue eyes, his hands caressed her waist, her back, her ribs, but nowhere else. "Marry me. We can spend the whole day in bed, satisfying our aching bodies," he replied a moment before his hands pulled her gently against him and into his arms. He gave her plenty of time to stop him but she couldn't resist. "I can show you things you've never dreamed of, Clarissa," he whispered in her ear before he nibbled on it. "You'll be crying with the pleasure we can give each other. Just think of it."

She did. Dammit, she couldn't stop thinking about it. When his mouth found that spot on her neck, the one that made her shiver with delight, she pressed closer to him, her hands reaching up and inside his jacket, eager to touch him and feel the muscles flex underneath her fingers. "I can't," she sighed.

"You can."

"No."

He pulled away and Clarissa knew that the torment was over for the night. She wasn't sure if she was happy or disappointed.

"I'll pick you up tomorrow at seven. Emma Bernstein has invited us to dinner at her house."

Clarissa looked at his tie, unable to look at his face. She was afraid she might become too angry. The sexual frustration was coursing through her body and she needed some sort of outlet. Anger seemed inappropriate, but she wouldn't rule it out at this point. "No, she's invited you. I'm just along for the ride," she replied, knowing that not many people invited her to functions. She was the mousy, shy daughter who didn't really have any connections so she wasn't overly valuable to the movers and shakers of the world.

"Not true, cara," he said and ran a finger down her cheek. "Your name was specifically mentioned. You see," he started to say as he walked to the door, "people are starting to recognize that we're together. You're the only one that won't accept the inevitable. Once you've reached the conclusion everyone else has, we can move to the next step."

"That's blackmail," she said glaring at him, her hands fisted by her sides.

He smiled as he pulled the door to her cottage closed. "I'll use whatever means possible to get you."

She wasn't sure if she was angry or terrified. She should be angry, she told herself. She should be livid that he was using foul means to get what he wanted. But all she wanted to do was to throw herself back into his arms and beg him to make love to her. Running to the cottage door, she pulled it open. She watched for a moment as the night enveloped his tall, lithe body. "You're cheating," she yelled at his retreating back.

"So sue me," he laughed. He had the last word since he pulled the door of the limousine shut behind him, leaving her to fume in furious silence.

The following week, Clarissa buried herself in her work. The translations were coming along well and she was fascinated by the story she was currently working on. Unfortunately, her nights were taken up with her frustrations with Max. After being thoroughly kissed and completely aroused, she told him each night that she wouldn't see him anymore. But the next day, she would eagerly dress, loving the excitement she felt when she was with him. It wasn't just the kissing and touching though. Max stimulated her mentally and intellectually. She had to work hard to keep up with him and was thrilled by their conversations. Before meeting Max, she would read the news each morning simply to keep up with current events. With Max in her life now, she read each article, evaluating the events differently, analyzing the politics and the financials news for ways that it could be used in business. It was so much more interesting since she could anticipate probable business activities. Discussing her insights with Max was thrilling.

There were the evenings to get through, though. His touches during whatever event they were attending were bad enough. He'd touch her arm, her shoulder, her back casually but each touch ignited a fire inside her stomach, and lower, that she was having a terrible time dealing with. And each night, he'd walk into her cottage, take her into his arms and kiss her until she was senseless. They usually ended up on the sofa in her cottage and the night would end with her begging him to finish it. He would then pull away and ask her to marry him once again. She continued to argue that an affair was good enough but he was adamant.

The evening of the fourth week, she caved. They'd just come back from a dinner party and Clarissa had rushed out of the limousine, desperate to avoid his kisses. "I'll make coffee," she said, hurrying into the kitchen to avoid him. She'd tried rushing into the cottage and closing the door, but Max was too fast. He anticipated her every move, countering it with one of his own. She felt as if she were some sort of butterfly that was caught in a silken trap. She wouldn't even look into Max's gaze, knowing that he had the ability to hypnotize her with the promises that were in those eyes, promises he refused to satisfy.

As always, he followed at a slower pace, smiling to himself as he watched her rush away. As she measured coffee grounds, she felt his hands on her back and groaned. "Max, please not tonight. I can't take it anymore." Her hands dumped the coffee onto the counter in frustration., completely missing the coffee filter and dumping loose grounds all over the counter. Her fingers were shaking and her whole body was instantly alert.

"You look very pretty in this dress," he said, fiddling with the ties that were hanging from her neck. "I like the view," he continued, looking down at the swells of her breasts which were revealed by the deep V of her halter style bodice. "Very sexy." His fingers reached around and one finger slowly traced the edge of the dress.

Clarissa leaned her head back, resting it against his broad shoulder. "Fine."

His mouth found her ear lobe and he nibbled for a moment before saying, "Fine, what, cara?"

She shivered and pushed back against him, feeling his hard body and wishing she could touch it, feel it with her hands and make him do something about this terrible weakness in her belly. "I'll marry you. Can we make love now?" she whimpered as his hand moved from the swell of her breast to her back. With all the skin showing, she had given him easy access to the spots that drove her crazy when he touched them.

Max stilled. Spinning her around, he lifted her up onto the counter so she was more at eye level with him. "Say it again," he demanded, pulling her knees apart and stepping between them. He pulled her closer to him, his hands on her bottom as he held her against his rigid body.

Clarissa gasped, surprised by this new position and a little nervous by the intensity in his eyes. "I'll marry you," she said softly.

The triumph in his eyes would have made her angry if he hadn't bent to claim her lips once again. She moaned as he deepened the kiss, her hands gripping the lapels of his jacket with this kiss. It was unlike anything he'd ever given her before. It was absolute possession and she wished she wasn't so turned on by it.

"Choose a dress, Clarissa. We'll be married next weekend."

"So soon?" she asked, her mind instantly clearing and her eyes growing wide at his impatience.

He pulled back slightly but kept her close, his hands rubbing against the outside of her legs. "Are you serious? First of all, I'm not giving you a chance to change your mind," he replied, lifting her off the counter and gently setting her on her feet. He took her hand and walked to the front door. "Secondly, I have a need to make love to you that goes beyond anything I've ever experienced with another woman," he explained. "I need you in my bed by next Saturday night. The plane will pick you up on Friday. I'll have a team of seamstresses available to you starting tomorrow morning to make your dress. Do you want to be married here or in Sicily?" he asked, his mind already ticking off the details he'd have to rearrange. He didn't mind though. Looking down at this stubborn, beautiful woman, all he cared about was getting her into his bed as quickly as possible. And that demanded marriage as quickly as possible.

"Max, we can't be married next week. What will people think? They'll assume you got me pregnant," she answered her own question.

His eyes hardened and he shrugged his shoulder carelessly. "Do you care what others think? We'll have a proper wedding with all of our friends and family. They can meet us wherever you'd like to be married but I don't give a damn what they think. Let them make all the assumptions they want. You and I know the truth and that's what matters."

He was right. What did she care what people thought of her if she was finally going to experience making love with Max? If he wanted to be married, she didn't care anymore. He'd broken down every one of her defenses and had a single goal in mind.

"Sicily," she finally said, defeated. "And I don't really care who we invite."

Max gritted his teeth, not completely satisfied with her unconcern over their wedding. No matter, he thought. He'd hire a coordinator to take care of the details. All she needed to do was show up at the right time. He'd take care of the rest.

Now that he'd gotten her agreement, there was nothing, absolutely nothing, that he'd allow to get in the way.

Chapter 12

Exactly one week later, Clarissa stood outside the beautiful little village church she'd visited the previous month with Max. This time, she stood on the steps with her father as she nervously waited for Maria to finish walking down the aisle in front of her.

"Nervous?" her father asked softly.

Clarissa thought that was a silly question. She was shaking with her fear, uncertain if she was doing the right thing. She loved Max. She'd accepted that just a few hours earlier. She wasn't sure why she hadn't come to that conclusion a long time ago but she never stopped to wonder why she'd never figured that little nugget out earlier. Perhaps it was because he'd kept her in a constant state of sexual arousal and she hadn't been thinking clearly, but regardless, she was in love with the obnoxious, irritating man.

She hadn't slept the previous night as her mind worked frantically, trying to figure out how she'd come to such an event when she'd always vowed she'd never marry a wealthy man for fear of enduring the trauma of a society marriage. Now, here she was, about to marry the wealthiest man in Europe.

She nodded her head in response to her father's question, knowing she wouldn't be able to speak.

Her father turned her so she was facing him. "Clarissa, listen to me," he said gently, concern in his eyes. "I've been probably the worst father in history but I just wanted to say that I'm proud of you." His eyes misted up slightly before he coughed them away. Turning back to face the church, he said, "Your mother would be proud of you as well," he said gruffly. "You're marrying a good man."

Of all the things she'd been expecting, that wasn't it. Her father didn't do emotions, did he? As she looked up at him, she saw how he was trying to control his features and her heart softened slightly. She took a deep breath before replying, "Thank you."

The coordinator turned and nodded in their direction, silently indicating that it was their turn to walk down the aisle. Clarissa put her shaking hand in her father's arm, took a deep breath and stepped forward with her father. The music swelled and her heart rate increased as panic took over. Her eyes were wide with the terror she was feeling, something inside her telling her to run, hide and never come out.

The congregation rose to their feet and Clarissa moved closer to her father, every muscle in her body telling her to get out as fast as she could, that this was exactly what she'd never wanted for herself. How could a man truly dedicate himself to a marriage when he could so easily cheat on her? She'd never know it either since Max traveled all over the world almost constantly. His business interests were worldwide and amazingly varied. Besides, why would he want to marry someone like her? She was too shy and didn't have the blazing beauty of several women standing in this small church? He'd never said he loved her, only that he wanted her. So why? Why on earth would he want someone like her?

The panic was starting to choke her and her feet were numb as her father led her forward. The smell of the flowers was almost overwhelming. There were white roses and lilies everywhere. The pews were filled with them as were the alters and windows. In addition to the flowers, there was the cloying smell of the women's perfume. Was it hot in the church? Her panicked eyes looked around and she noticed that all the people in attendance were wearing sweaters and some even hats. No one else appeared to be overheated at all.

Clarissa focused, forcing her breathing to slow down and her mind to clear. She took a deep breath and this time, the flowers weren't so powerful. She even felt a small draft of cool air from the air conditioning. The cool air helped and she was able to look up once again, see the smiling faces and the path to the alter.

Then she saw him. His eyes were looking directly back at her and the desire and pride she saw in his eyes helped her take the last few steps. When her father placed her hand in Max's large, warm, comforting hand, she took a deep breath. It would be okay, she told herself over and over. Max wasn't like the other men she'd known. She could trust him. Of all the men she'd known, she trusted him more than any other. He wasn't in this relationship for any business reasons, she told herself. What could he possibly gain from marrying her? He was much wealthier than her father and he seemed to desire her. Hadn't he ignored several women's advances at various functions, turned to her and smiled each time they tried to divert his attention?

They were at the front of the church and her father lifted the veil and kissed her gently on the cheek before handing Clarissa's cold, shaking hand to Max who took it firmly, pulling her gently forward so she was standing next to him, facing the priest.

"Are you okay?" he whispered as the kind priest started the ceremony.

Clarissa looked up at him, saw the reassuring look and relaxed. "Yes," she finally said, as much as for herself as for him.

"Good," he replied. He then turned to the minister but pulled her hand more securely through his arm, placing his other hand on hers as if to reassure her.

The minister went through the ceremony but Clarissa only grasped half of it since it was in Italian. When the vows came though, the priest switched to English and, for the first time today, Clarissa was amused. Obviously, the man wanted to make sure she understood exactly what she was promising. "I do," she finally replied in Italian, basking in the look of admiration in Max's eyes when she did so.

Moments later, the priest declared them husband and wife and if Max hadn't swooped in and kissed her passionately, she was sure the panic would have come back. As it was, he kissed her so thoroughly, the congregation was actually chuckling and clapping when it was over.

Max was un-phased by the applause but he escorted a red-faced Clarissa quickly down the aisle and out the door. She was surprised when she saw that the rest of the village had all turned out to see them leave the church. Everyone was dressed in their finest and tossing petals over their head as Max ushered Clarissa into a white, open carriage led by two beautiful white horses.

Everyone was invited to the villa for the reception which had tables overflowing with food and wine. The villagers were genuinely proud of who Max was and his success and they all wanted to greet his bride, show him how much they accepted her and, more specifically, tell Clarissa how lucky she was.

Clarissa didn't feel lucky. She felt overwhelmed. Standing next to Max in his formal morning clothes and her in a silk, beaded gown, she felt as if everything were happening outside of her. She clung to Max's side, unable to deal with all the people and her wedding vows at the same time. Max seemed to understand and hugged her close, sending people off to get her food, which she barely touched and wine, which she drank a little too much of.

After what felt like hours, it was finally time to leave and Clarissa couldn't help but sigh heavily with relief. "I'll go get changed," she said as Sophia nodded in their direction.

She changed quickly into a white suit and headed down the stairs again. As many people as possible were crowded into the foyer, mostly women who were waiting for her to toss the bouquet. She was surprised as she looked out onto about fifty female faces, all of whom were eagerly waiting for her to toss the bouquet, hopefully in their direction. She looked down at the flowers with derision, and caught Max's amused look as he stood at the doorway waiting for her. He knew exactly what she was thinking, Clarissa realized.

With a shrug, she turned around and tossed the flowers over her shoulder, laughing at the screams of excitement from the women who were frantically trying to grab for the flowers. She couldn't believe that so many women were eager to enter into the marriage state, a state she had tried so hard to avoid.

Max walked over to the stairs and took her hand, leading her down the remaining steps. He thanked everyone for attending their wedding and all their good wishes but he was just as eager to leave as she was. The flower petals showered down as Max led her through the crowd and into the back of a limousine.

Clarissa dove in ahead of him, then sighed happily when the door was closed by one of his body guards. The car pulled away from the house but the progress was slow since there were so many people waving along the drive.

Finally, they were away and Clarissa could relax. She leaned against the soft leather seats and closed her eyes and breathing deeply.

"You survived," he said, laughter in his voice. "How does it feel to be married?" he asked.

Clarissa opened her eyes and looked at him. Shrugging, she said, "I'm not exactly sure yet. I don't think anything has sunk in."

He pulled her into his arms, his hands settling against her slim waist. "What do you think will make the reality of our marriage sink in?" he asked, his voice husky and his eyes lighting with that special devilment that always made Clarissa shiver with excitement.

She smiled softly and looked at his lips, unknowingly licking her suddenly dry lips and shifting on his lap. "I don't know. Maybe our honeymoon will convince me," she said and couldn't believe the breathless quality to her voice. She sounded exactly like she felt, eager, terrified, excited and all those other lovely feelings. "You're not going to make me wait any longer, are you?"

Max laughed and pulled her closer. "I don't think I could even if I wanted to, which I don't. I want you with an intensity I've never felt before," he explained as his hand traveled slowly down her hip and along her thigh.

And when his head bent to touch her lips, Clarissa thought she might have died and gone to heaven.

It took two hours, a plane ride and helicopter journey which landed directly on top of a large building, before they entered Max's Rome penthouse. It was lovely with cool tiles and a staggering view of the city through the large windows on almost all sides. But Clarissa didn't care about the view. As soon as they entered, she walked into his arms. "Now you owe me," she said, her eyes alight with excitement.

Max threw back his head and laughed, delighted with his bride's eagerness for their bed. "Yes, cara. Now I owe you. And I promise you won't be disappointed." He kissed her passionately, all the while lifting her into his arms and carrying her into the bedroom.

He lowered her feet slowly to the floor, his kisses turning slow and seductive. Although Clarissa was nervous about the experience, she was so turned on at the idea of finally making love with Max, she didn't want him to go slowly.

Shoving his jacket off of his shoulders with shaking fingers, she bit her lip so he couldn't see her trembling. He wasn't fooled though.

His thumb gently touched her lip, releasing the skin from her teeth. "Don't be nervous, Clarissa. I promised you something recently. Do you remember?"

She frantically searched her mind but it wasn't working very well. "Not really," she replied with a large dose of distraction.

"I promised you'd be screaming with pleasure. Trust me," he said as his head bent to kiss her neck, her ears. His hands deftly unbuttoned the back of her dress, pushing the material off her shoulders and letting it pool around her feet. He stepped back and looked at her, seeing the sexy white bustier which had supported her breasts during the past several hours. She wore white lace underwear and stockings suspended by a lace garter. Seeing his eyes flare with heat, Clarissa was glad she'd taken so much time to pull the ensemble together.

"You're lovely," he said, his voice husky with the desire snaking through him.

"Max," she started to say something but stopped nervously. "Never mind," she replied and waited with her hands at her sides for him to continue.

"What is it?" he asked, seeing the anxiety in her eyes.

"Nothing, really," she said, feeling self-conscious standing in front of him only in her underwear while he still had all his clothes on.

He pulled her hands to his chest and settled his own on her waist, the skin under his fingers almost driving him insane with its softness. "If this is going to work, you're going to have to be honest with me. Tell me what you want."

She looked at his cravat and felt her face heat up as she thought about what she wanted to do to him. "I've never felt a man's chest. I just wanted to take off your shirt and see what you feel like. But I can wait."

In response, he lifted her hands to the buttons on his shirt. "Be my guest," he said.

Clarissa looked up into his face, trying to determine if he was only being polite. But he looked like he was in pain. The skin was tight across his cheeks and she noted the flames burning in his eyes. If he was feeling even a fraction of what she was feeling, then she was thrilled.

She didn't hesitate after that though. He'd given her permission to satisfy her curiosity and she was going to take advantage of that. Her fingers were clumsy with eagerness and nerves but she finally finished the task, pushing the fabric away from his broad shoulders and muscular chest. She touched, amazed at how different he felt. The light coating of hair on his chest was fascinating. Her fingers touched everywhere, smoothing over the tanned, skin, enjoying the way the muscles underneath flinched wherever she touched. When a finger accidentally moved over his nipple, she heard his harsh intake of breath and looked up, pulling her fingers quickly away. The look on his face didn't seem like she'd hurt him and she put her fingers back, experimenting. When she received the same reaction, she moved to his other side and heard his groan. A moment later, her hands were pulled away. "No more, cara. Perhaps later," he said and lifted her into his arms. He placed her gently in the middle of the bed and looked down at her as he finished undressing.

Clarissa watched in amazement as he slowly revealed all to her eager gaze. She was no longer worried, only interested, fascinated, eager to experience what his body had promised hers for the past several weeks.

When he was completely naked, he came down on the bed, his muscular arms holding him over her. "You're turn," he said.

But instead of undressing her, his mouth came down on her breast, not touching the nipple as he caressed her, teased her until her hands came up and grabbed his head. Her body, so inflamed from the weeks of torment, didn't have the patience to wait any longer. Her hands guided him from the swells of her breasts, to the nipple that was already hard and eager for his touch. When the heat of his mouth captured the hard peak, she cried out, the desire making her body arch in response and she pulled his head away quickly. She hadn't been anticipating that kind of heat and so she wasn't ready for it, unable to handle it. The feeling terrified her.

One of his hand came off the bed and he held both of hers in his, lifting them over her head so he was free to do as he wanted. His mouth immediately returned to her breast, lathing it with his tongue, nipping it with his teeth then soothing it once again with his tongue. When she was writhing underneath him, he moved to the other breast, doing the same to the nipple.

"I can't take it, Max!" she cried out, her hands trying to break free but he wouldn't release them, continuing to torment her. "Please," she begged and was relieved when he moved his mouth lower. As soon as his mouth touched her stomach, his tongue teasing her tender flesh, she was no longer happy about it.

She felt his hand on her thigh and her body instantly opened for him, her mind no longer in control. She was only feeling. Thinking was a convenience of the past at this moment in time.

His fingers found her center and she almost leaped off the bed in horror. "Max?" she asked, her eyes opening and searching for his face.

"Relax. I promise I won't do anything you won't enjoy," he said and his face was strained.

He released her hands and moved lower, his mouth kissing her thighs while his finger moved inside her, finding the wetness. He had to close his eyes to regain some of his control. She'd been amazingly eager, desperate for his touch up to this point. No woman had ever had the ability to turn him on like this slender, shy beauty underneath him. Now, finding her so ready and his body aching for her, it took all his remaining willpower not to lift himself up and bury himself in her wetness.

Instead, he moved lower, his mouth kissing the inside of her upper thigh. He felt her still and almost smiled to himself. A moment later, her anxiety over his direction was justified as his mouth closed over her most intimate part. His finger slid inside and moved in time with his tongue making her cry out. He was almost disappointed when her climax came over her, loving the way she tasted but he was so hard and ready, he was relieved that he could now feel what he'd been anticipating for so long.

As her body came down from her first orgasm, he rose over her, lifting her legs and positioning himself between her soft thighs.

"Clarissa, look at me," he said and watched as her eyes fluttered open. Her smile of satisfaction almost sent him over the edge. His bride was undoubtedly the sexiest female he'd ever known in his life. He watched her eyes as he slowly entered her, his hardness filling her up inch by inch. Her mouth opened in awe and he would have agreed with her, if he could think any more. He was gritting his teeth to go slowly, careful to not hurt her but knowing that he probably would. He moved until he felt her barrier, then he bent low, taking her mouth with his and pushed inward, taking her gasp of pain into his mouth before embedding himself in her heat, groaning when he realized how perfect she felt. He stilled waiting for her to start breathing again. When he saw the movement in her eyes, watched the smile form on her face, he knew that everything was going to be okay.

Her smile brightened and Clarissa looked up, noticing the sweat on his forehead. It took her a moment but she finally realized that he was waiting for her, needing her to reassure him that she was okay. She lifted her hands and laid them on his shoulders. "I'm okay," she whispered but it was a lie. She wasn't okay. She was happier than she'd ever been in her life. She couldn't remember a moment when she had ever felt so complete, so perfect.

When he moved, her eyes widened as the desire she'd thought had been satisfied returned. He moved again and her mouth opened as she almost cried out. Then he moved again and she arched into him, her legs wrapping around his waist, pulling him back and she couldn't think any longer. The happiness was gone to be replaced with that barely bearable pleasure, that need for fulfillment that had overwhelmed her moments before.

Lifting herself, she pulled him down with her arms and that was all the permission he needed. He moved slowly at first, then faster, the tension building, the pleasure increasing until she couldn't take it anymore. Clarissa actually screamed when the climax took over her body, her arms tightening around his shoulders and she had no idea that he too had found his own release at almost the same time.

It took a long time before she caught her breath and was able to open her eyes. When she finally did, she looked around to find Max smiling down at her, a grin of triumph, gloating on his face.

"What?" she asked, rolling slightly so their bodies were touching once again.

He pulled her closer, his hands sliding down her waist, skimming her bottom and making her squirm slightly until his large hand settled on her upper thigh. "I was just going to point out that I told you so," he said and laughed when she punched him on the shoulder.

"Yes, you brute. You told me it would be nice but I'd like to also point out that I had no doubt it would be wonderful. I'm the one that was asking you to do this for ages."

Chapter 13

Clarissa smiled dreamily as she packed up and sealed one more box in her small cottage. She was almost finished, having moved all of her clothes already and now it was just her personal items that she wanted to take with her to Max's house.

They'd been married for one month now and she couldn't believe how deliriously happy she was. Max was an amazing lover. She didn't need to have experience with other men to know that he was generous and creative and never failed to make her scream out with both frustration and pleasure each time he took her into his arms. The frustration was because he aroused her to a point where she couldn't take anymore, didn't think she would be able to stand one more caress or flick of his tongue before dying or spontaneously combusting into flames. And she loved it.

She was finally learning to give back a little to him and that was equally wonderful. She felt strong, powerful and sexy when he laid back and let her touch him, kiss him and caress him but he only allowed it to a point. When she reached that point, she found herself scooped up into his arms and he took back the control.

Clarissa didn't mind though. She smiled as she thought of the different ways she'd been able to get him to that point. Yes, he was stronger than she was, but in the end, she was still able to bring him to the same point he brought her each night.

Her phone rang and she answered it absently, not expecting any calls but since it was a slow day, she didn't mind the interruption. "Clarissa, can you come up to the main house for a moment? I know you're probably busy but I have something I need to discuss with you."

Clarissa was surprised by the phone call. Her father wanted to talk to her about something? How odd. "Of course. I'm on my way," she said quickly.

Looking at her appearance in the mirror, she decided that her sundress looked fine. She fluffed her hair quickly then wondered why she was primping for her father. She'd never cared what he thought of her appearance. Well, not for the past several years, she corrected.

Walking up to the main house, she couldn't help but let her mind sift through all the possibilities even though she'd know the answer to his request in only a few minutes. The sun was hot but she didn't even notice as she walked up the pathway between the hedges and early summer flowers.

"Dad?" she called out once she entered the cool, air conditioned house. Closing the massive door behind her, the sound echoed and she looked around curiously. No one came out. No servants, not even Jimbo the dog.

"What's going on?" she whispered and walked further into the house. She peered into the library, then across the foyer to her father's study. No one in sight.

Down the hallway, she started walking toward the kitchens but her father stopped her in the middle. "This way, dear," he said and led her into the conservatory. It was one of her favorite rooms in his house so she was instantly wary. Why would he want her in here? It must be an awful subject if he wanted her to relax. But then, how would he know that this was her favorite room? He'd never bothered to even ask her how she wanted her room decorated when she was growing up. She'd leave for boarding school with one color scheme and would return at the end of the semester to another color scheme and all new furniture.

"Surprise!" five cheery female faces called out, jumping from different areas of the flowers.

Clarissa jumped about a foot, her hand instantly going to cover her mouth which was gaping in surprise. "What's going on?" she asked weakly. "Jennifer?" she asked, wondering if her eyes were playing tricks on her. "Nancy?" Looking to her right, she saw three other friends from college. "Oh my goodness!" she whispered as she took in all the smiling faces in front of her. Then with delight, "what are you guys doing here?" she demanded as all five women descended on her, hugging her and asking questions all at the same time.

Clarissa looked back and saw her father smiling gently as he slipped out of the room. Her heart melted just a little bit, thinking that he'd done all of this for her. Turning back to her friends, she looked at them as they waited for her to answer their hundreds of questions.

"Come over here and tell us everything," Nancy demanded, always having been the leader of the group. She led everyone over to a small sitting area where tea and small cakes were already laid out. Over on the side table, there was a lovely buffet of different salads, sandwiches, pastries and a beautiful little cake as well a wide range of drinks, all looking incredibly lovely.

"What are you doing here?" Clarissa asked, still unable to absorb the surprise of all her friends being in the same room after several years. Looking at Jennifer, her eyes widened as she took in her friends very pregnant belly. "When are you due? What gender is it? What are the names you're thinking about? Goodness! I can't believe you've been married for two years already!"

Jennifer smiled and patted her round belly. "I'm almost twenty five weeks along and Joe and I are having a baby boy."

"Congratulations! That's wonderful." She looked at the rest of her friends and shook her head. "What's been going on with all of you? I've fallen out of touch in the last couple of months."

They talked for the rest of the afternoon, catching up on the news. They all wanted to hear how she'd met one of Europe's most elusive and handsome bachelors. Clarissa didn't tell them the whole story but a watered down version of how they'd met at a dinner party about four months ago.

"Lucky you, Clarissa. I can't believe what a hunk you've managed to catch."

Clarissa smiled, still unable to believe it herself at times. "What's your husband like?" she asked, taking a bite of a sandwich.

"Boring," she grimaced. "I thought he was nice at first. And my mother convinced me that I'd learn to love him.'

The news that her friend didn't love her husband should have stunned her. They'd all discussed their views on marriage during high school but she hadn't believed any of them would fall into the society marriage trap. "But you don't?" Clarissa asked quietly. "Why would you marry a man you didn't love?"

All five women laughed. "We grew up, I guess."

"Mike is handsome," Lilly stepped in. Here eyes were sad as she thought of the man she'd married three years ago. "If he would just stop with all of his affairs, we might have a baby some time as well."

Lucy's eyes turned angry. "Why would you accept that? My husband cheated on me once and I left him immediately."

That drew five pairs of surprised glances in her direction. "I thought you were still married," Jennifer questioned. "When did you get a divorce?"

Lucy shrugged and smoothed the linen napkin over her lap more carefully. "We're still married. I took him back but he doesn't know that I'm only gathering more data. The man has a mistress in London and in Paris, and they aren't the same woman. Once I get enough, my lawyers will take it from there. I'm determined to get a good settlement out of this if it kills me," she replied.

"I'd rather Mike have a mistress," Jennifer said, patting her belly again.

"Why on earth would you want that?" Lilly asked, horrified.

"It keeps him away from me," she said, waving her hand in the air as if she were pushing her husband toward the other women.

Clarissa leaned back in her chair, stunned. All six of them had discussed the issue of society marriages in high school and college and at that time, none were willing to release their romantic ideals for a position in society which had the price tag of being married to a man they didn't love. Now it seemed that they'd all given up on that ideal. Was it a mirage? Was she being silly?

No! She had to believe in Max. He'd done nothing to destroy her trust so she had to maintain her position that Max was a good, descent man. And she couldn't ever imagine a time when she wouldn't want Max to touch her. Good grief, just imagining him now, she could feel her body start to respond and he wasn't even in the room. Looking around at the other women, listening to them chat amongst themselves, she felt sorry for them. Where had they gone wrong? What had happened that they were willing to just accept the status quo? Something they'd all agreed they would never give in to.

Clarissa opened the wedding presents, smiling and laughing along with the others but as the party progressed, she looked in their eyes, trying to garner answers to the questions that were plaguing her. The conversation increased her hesitancy and she wished she could go back to the secure feelings she'd felt earlier in the day. Ignorance was bliss, she knew.

Later that evening, she was waiting when Max strolled through the door. "Good evening," he said, bending down to kiss her gently. Then he pulled her up into his arms, accepting that the kiss wasn't enough.

Clarissa laughed but pushed against his shoulders. "We don't have time for that," she said, playfully avoiding his mouth as he reached for her lips again. Undeterred, he simply kissed her neck.

"Max..." she started to say, wanting to ask him about the questions that were flying through her mind. But did she dare? She didn't want to insult him with her insecurities. Max didn't need anything from their relationship...did he?

He lifted his head and looked down at her, obviously hearing the anxiety in her tone. "What's wrong?" he asked, seeing the unasked questions in her eyes.

He seemed so honest and there was no denying the desire he felt for her. He could barely keep his hands off her in public and he didn't even try in private. So what was she worried about?

Brushing it off, she shook her head. "Nothing," she said and moved closer to him.

He leaned back slightly, his hands running up and down her back but he stopped when she didn't go on. "What's wrong Clarissa. What are you afraid to ask me?"

She stepped out of his arms and turned to face the mirror once again. "Nothing, I promise. My father arranged to have some of my friends throw a belated bridal shower for me, since there wasn't enough time between when you finally convinced me to marry you and when the ceremony was performed."

He chuckled and put his hands on her shoulders, looking at her in the mirror. "Ask me anything," he said softly, placing a gentle kiss in her hair. "You smell good, by the way."

Clarissa smiled and her heart swelled with pride and love for Max. She knew she was being silly. Max was honest. He didn't marry her for any other reason other than his own sense of propriety. He had nothing to gain financially or socially from their relationship and when could he possibly have time for an affair? He traveled, but would he have the energy to make love to her the way he did every night they were together and still have the strength for a mistress? She doubted it.

"You need to change or we'll be late," she admonished, her eyes locking with his in the mirror."

"So?" he asked, his hand moving from her shoulders to her waist, then lower.

Clarissa closed her eyes as she started shivering, her body already melting but she tried to fight it. "Max, we can't," she said but then inhaled sharply when he pulled the red silk higher, his hands running over her legs and bottom, pulling her against his erection.

"We can," he challenged.

"You'll wrinkle my dress," she said but already she was leaning back against him, her body melting into his.

"I'll buy you another one," he said.

Clarissa couldn't argue with him any longer. Not when his hand slid the zipper down her back. She didn't want to argue anyway. After the conversations this afternoon, all she wanted was to feel this, to experience Max's version of magic once again.

They were late for the dinner party that night. And Clarissa wore a blue dress and not the red silk. They arrived just as the other guests were moving into the dining room and the hostess was so pleased that Max actually showed up that she didn't care that they'd missed the cocktail hour.

Chapter 14

Clarissa walked through Max's penthouse, forgetting her own work as a need to connect with him wheedled its way through her brain. He'd been gone for almost a week and would probably be gone for another day or two. She was able to talk to him on the phone each night but it wasn't the same, she though as she sat down in his large leather chair. She loved this place but Max had said they should move to a house. She didn't care where they lived but she didn't like these long periods of separation.

She looked down and smiled when she noticed a note pad with his strong scrawl on it. Her fingers moved over the bold words. She didn't even read them, not able to understand even half of the financial aspect of his work. She couldn't believe how smart he was and how he could find business opportunities in the most varied areas. He'd even created a company that invested in small businesses since that was how he'd started out. He said he wanted to give others the opportunities he had. Once a week, he would go thorough several business proposals, sifting through the ones that could work, even offering advice to some of the proposals that seemed feasible but not quite ready for investment yet.

His secretary had sent over a package of mail to him yesterday and the stack sat on the side of his desk. Apparently Max wasn't going to stop by the office when he arrived which excited her. She wanted to talk to him, be with him, have him hold her in his arms and make her feel the wild desire they shared.

Sighing, she knew she had to get back to her own work. The translation she was working on though was boring and tedious. It was a technical manual and she had to struggle each day to get through the material.

She stood up, preparing to head back to the room she'd converted into her own office when the top envelope on his desk caught her eye. It was a thick package but that wasn't what made her look twice. The return address was from her father's company. Why was her father sending Max something? Was it actually supposed to be for her and his secretary had just co-mingled their mail? She'd always thought the woman was ultra efficient but everyone was human.

Looking inside, she felt as if she were intruding on something but was concerned about her father. Why would he be sending something to Max?

The phone rang and she jumped. She immediately felt as if she were intruding and stepped back.

Walking quickly out of the office, she waited for Beatrice to tell her who had called.

"Ms. Diatre?" Beatrice called out. "Mr. Diatre's secretary is on the phone for you. She has an urgent request."

She picked up the extension in Max's office. "Nancy?" she called out a greeting. "How can I help you?" Max's secretary was a wonderful woman in her late fifties who wore ultra conservative suits and flat shoes, with her graying hair piled up on her head. She reminded Clarissa more of a librarian than an executive assistant.

"Oh, thank goodness you're there. I'm so sorry to bother you but would it be too much to ask if you can hand an envelope to the delivery person who should be arriving? I sent him over about fifteen minutes ago. He's going to race the package back to me. I would do it myself but I have to cover a meeting for Max."

"Don't worry about it at all. What does the package look like?" Clarissa asked, walking back into Max's office and standing at the corner of his desk. "I'm standing next to his chair. Where did you put it earlier?"

It's under the stack of mail in the corner. It's a white envelope with a contract from Stantech Corporation."

Clarissa tucked the phone between her ear and her shoulder and searched through the large stack of papers. "Goodness there's a lot here. Max is definitely a popular guy, isn't he?"

Nancy chuckled over the phone. "Absolutely. I don't know how he sifts through all the information."

"I don't either," Clarissa said. "Got it," she replied, pulling out the large envelope from the middle of the stack. "Oops," she gasped. "Some of the files fell onto the floor. The delivery person is on the way?" she asked.

"Yes. Should be there any moment."

The intercom rang at that moment. "I think he's here now. I'll bring this to him. I hope I haven't messed up your stack by dumping it over. I'll try and make sure it's in the same order."

"Don't worry about that. I'll stop by tomorrow to bring him more and will re-sort it. Thank you so much for saving me this time. I'm just not used to Max working from home so often so I don't have my processes in place yet. But believe me, I enjoy it. I'm actually getting home to see my grandchildren once in a while," she laughed and rung off.

Clarissa walked to the front door and handed the carrier the envelope. When he was on his way back to the office, she went back to Max's study to clean up the papers.

Bending down, she saw the envelope from her father's office and the contents had spilled out. She was curious but just stacked up the papers. Until one of the words caught her eye. When she read a few more, her legs gave out on her and she simply sat down on the floor, reading through the papers and not even caring that they weren't hers.

As she read, the words started to blur and she realized that she was crying. The aching in her heart was a new experience as well. The documents were inheritance papers. Her father's will. He was leaving everything to Max on the condition that he remain married to Clarissa. As she read through the legalese, she gathered that any children formed from their marriage would be beneficiaries, all accounts to be held in trust by Max. Clarissa would receive a large cash amount but she didn't care about the money. She'd always resented the money that had kept her father working the long hours and she actually hated it right at this moment.

Her marriage was a sham. She'd fallen in love with a man who had married her solely to gain her father's company!

Oh the humiliation, she thought, wiping more of the tears away. She didn't even care that some of her tears fell onto the documents. She continued to read, wanting to know every painful detail. It took her several hours but by the time she turned to the last page, she was crumbling the papers in her fists.

She'd been bought, she thought as she leaned her head against the desk and closing her eyes. She'd been completely bow tied and bought by Max but she'd come cheap. He hadn't had to pay out a dime. All he had to do was marry the daughter, take her off the old man's hands and Max would get a multi-billion dollar company. Of course, her father's company wasn't quite the size of Max's but in the end, Max would make out okay. His company would expand and Max would be in charge of everything while little wifey stayed home taking care of the kids, remaining oblivious.

Her head fell into her hands and she shivered with the horror of what she'd done. She'd pursued him, she knew. She'd practically handed Max the keys to the company.

It hadn't been Max's sense of propriety that had demanded she marry him before they slept together. He had only used her sexual inexperience to ensure the increase of his financial empire. Max didn't love her. He'd never love her. He had what he wanted and now he could move on to the next acquisition.

Standing up, she walked into their bedroom and pulled out one of her suitcases. She didn't bother with any of the clothes Max had bought her. She didn't want any reminders of what they'd shared. Besides, the clothes were probably his only way to appear in public and not be ashamed of her. He'd done such a good job of making her feel beautiful. Would she ever get over this latest humiliation? Would she ever forgive him for what he'd done?

Would he even care about her forgiveness? She'd done exactly what he needed to do so all was well in his world. Why would he even care about a silly wife that had qualms about being bought and sold as if she were a piece of furniture, or, more appropriately, a caveat on a contractual document.

The pain was ripping her heart open and letting it bleed all over her self-esteem. She wanted to just lay down but that would mean that the pain would win, and Max would find her looking so pathetic and hurt. She shoved things into her suitcase, uncaring about the way things were folded. She just needed to hurry and leave, desperate to get out of here before anything horrible happened. Like Max coming home early.

That thought spurred her on faster. She couldn't run into Max. He'd always had the ability to control her and he'd definitely try and persuade her that the contract meant nothing. He'd tell her more lies and, because she loved him so desperately, she'd believe him. She couldn't let him do that to her anymore. When the first bag was full, she didn't even bother with another one. She shoved it closed, zipping the sides and then lugged it out to the hallway, only stopping to pick up her purse and keys which she'd laid on the foyer table when she'd come in earlier that day.

The memory of how excited she'd been only an hour earlier almost made her double over in pain. She'd been deliriously happy, eager to see him and be with him, hear about his day and let him commiserate with her on how boring her current work was turning out to be. He would have made her laugh and then she knew they would end up in bed for the rest of the night. Now her dreams were completely shattered and all she wanted to do was find a small place to hide and lick her wounds.

She made it to the garage level without seeing anyone or alerting the security staff she suspected Max had put on her. The men she'd seen around town were different than the men her father had assigned to her so she wasn't absolutely positive, but she wasn't taking any chances that they might stop her, or follow her and tell Max where she'd gone. Slipping out like this meant they wouldn't know where she was going and she didn't want to be followed. She had to get out. She had to leave and make sure he never found her. He was a liar and a cheat and she couldn't trust him. Ever.

Shoving her suitcase into the back of her mini, she jumped into the driver's seat and started the engine, grateful that it still worked after not being used for so long. Backing out of the garage, she hurried, seeing the body guards rushing after her. One was speaking into a walkie talkie so she knew she'd have to hurry. Stepping on the accelerator, she drove swiftly out of the parking garage, turning right, then left, and right again and again just like she'd seen the people on television do when they wanted to escape being followed. She would not be found!

After an hour of turns and side streets with her eyes on her rear view mirror, she felt it was finally safe to get out of the city without being followed. She turned right and was instantly on the highway, heading north. Where she would go, she had no idea, but she was determined to find a place to hide and work out the details, figure out what she was going to do and how she was going to do it. After she had a good, long cry, that is.

She drove for hours, not caring where she was headed, only stopping for gas once. She didn't eat at all, too upset to even consider food. She didn't really see the road or the beautiful scenery around her. All she saw were the words to the document that showed her what her life was really about. She was a pawn and she'd been had. There was no way she could get around that reality. All her love for Max, all the dreams and hopes for what their life would be like were shattered.

Chapter 15

Max walked through the penthouse, uncaring about anything but finding Clarissa and holding her in his arms. It had been a whole week and he wanted to make sure she was okay. The only way to do that was to feel her and hold her, kiss her and make love to her until neither of them could see straight anymore.

When he didn't find her in her office, he looked in the bedroom, his smile turning wolfish at the anticipation of finding her in some sexy of state of dress. Or undress, he was sure would be just fine as well.

He loved the way she responded to him, no matter what pressing issue was coming up, she didn't seem to be able to stop responding. Women in the past had been too careful of their makeup or their dress or hair, afraid of what they might look like when they went out in public. Not his Clarissa. She just wanted him. It was a secret thrill of his to know that he could have her whenever he wanted. He even tested the waters sometimes, just to make sure she was real and not a dream. So far, she'd never let him down.

The bedroom was empty and Max sighed in frustration. "Clarissa?" he finally called out.

Jimmy walked into he room and Max turned, instantly knowing that something was wrong by the tense look in Jimmy's face. "What's going on?" Max demanded.

"She's gone," Jimmy said plainly.

It was every wealthy man's nightmare. His wife had been kidnapped? Impossible. He was jumping to conclusions, he told himself as his gut twisted and his heart ached with a pain he didn't know was possible. "What the hell do you mean?" Nothing better have happened to Clarissa or many people were going to be in trouble.

Jimmy raised his hand to press the ear piece closer to his ear, hesitated a moment as he listened to whatever was being communicated and nodded, then looked back up at Max. "I have men trying to catch up with her but she packed up a suitcase and left the building. We weren't aware of any plans for travel so, as you requested, we didn't have someone stationed in the house. The elevator descending to the garage alerted us but we couldn't get down there in time. She was already driving out before we could catch her."

At least she was alone, he thought to himself. She hadn't been taken away forcefully and that was a relief, if only a small one. "Where did she go?" Max demanded, his stomach clenching painfully.

"We're not sure," Jimmy replied.

Max could tell there was something more his security detail wanted to say but was hesitating. For the first time in the man's life, Jimmy wasn't telling Max everything. "What is it?" Max almost yelled.

Jimmy hesitated for only a moment longer before he explained, "You're wife was crying."

Max closed his eyes and pain slashed through the region of his heart. Taking a deep breath, he opened his eyes and glared at his security chief. "Find her!" he ordered. "How many men do you have out there looking for her?"

"We have all ten men searching," he explained

"Double it. Get her back here. She's not safe out there by herself."

Jimmy nodded efficiently at Max's instructions. "We're on it," he said. "We're monitoring her credit cards but so far, she hasn't purchased anything. Eventually, she'll have to use them because she doesn't have any cash."

"She could find a friend," Max said through gritted teeth. "What was she doing before she left?"

"We're not sure, sir. It was rather sudden. A delivery person came up and received something but he's already been questioned. He was sent by your secretary. He's clean. He delivered the package and was already en route to another delivery."

"So what's next?" he demanded. "You're not waiting around here until she tries to buy something, are you?"

"No sir. If you could look through her personal belongings and figure out what she's bought, we can get a better idea of how long she plans on being gone. That might give us a clue to her direction."

Max was furious. "My wife left here without notifying her security guards, tears in her eyes and doing everything she could to avoid being found and you're assuming she's coming back?"

Max left in disgust, walking into his office and pacing around. He called his secretary and demanded to know what she'd had delivered. That's when he found the documents on the floor. He'd missed them initially because they were on the floor, hidden by the large desk he used.

Bending down, he picked up the documents, sifting through them and putting them back in order. When he had them straightened out, he stood up and started reading. After the first paragraph, he finally understood. Cursing under his breath, he strode out of his office. "Jimmy!" he called out, grabbing his keys and his cell phone at the same time.

Jimmy appeared at the doorway, one hand holding a phone to his ear, the other some papers. "She just purchased gasoline up near the Scottish boarder, sir," he called out.

"I'm going over to my father in law's house. Have the helicopter ready as soon as you find her. Its getting dark so hurry up. She's bound to be tired and stop at a hotel soon." At least, he hoped so. He prayed that her anger with him and her perceived betrayal wouldn't energize her and make the search go on for much longer. He wasn't sure how much more of this he could take and it had only been less than twenty minutes since he'd found out that Clarissa had left him. Mergers, acquisitions, financial sharks wanting to beat him at the financial war; no problem. His delicate, beautiful Clarissa out in the world with no protection, hurt and confused. The idea, and the fear that image created in his mind, just about brought him to his knees.

The limousine pulled to a stop in front of James' house and Max was already stepping out of the car. He didn't bother to knock, just stormed into the house. "James!" he called out. When the man stepped out of his office, Max descended upon him. "What the hell have you done?" Max demanded, holding the inheritance documents up in James' face.

James smiled as if he'd done something wonderful. "I thought you'd be surprised. What do you think?"

"I sure as hell am surprised. But what's worse, Clarissa was surprised."

The smile on James' face quickly disappeared. His eyes grew concerned and he noticed the tense expression on Max's face at the same time. "She wasn't supposed to know anything about those papers. That's why I sent them to your office."

Max tried to control his temper at the man's stupidity. "My secretary brought them to the house because I'm working at home so often lately." Max could not believe the man was so completely obtuse.

James' face became slightly paler with that news. "Clarissa didn't see them, did she? She's been against marriage, too afraid the man would only be out for her money."

Max gritted his teeth. "Didn't you hear me when I mentioned she was surprised as well? She found them, man! She read through every minute detail! What's in this document? What did she see that she wouldn't like?"

James' face went white. "Everything," he said with a strangled voice. "You get everything. I knew she didn't want it so I'm leaving everything to you to manage. And your children. If you have any children, you'll keep the company in trust for them."

Max cursed under his breath and looked up at the ceiling, praying for patience. How could the man be so unbelievably stupid and insensitive? Max supposed the older man had to be thinking of the future, but why make it a surprise? And an even better question, why hadn't James discussed his intentions with Max before doing anything? Now Clarissa knew and had probably suspected the worst. Hell, he would be thinking the worst if he'd come across the document in her shoes.

Running his fingers through his hair in fear and frustration, he took a deep breath to try and calm down his raging fury so he could at least think clearly. When he felt slightly calmer, he turned back to Clarissa's father, pointing his finger at him in frustration. "I don't want it. I don't want anything except Clarissa and if it means you die with no one to take over, that's not my problem. My only problem is to make sure Clarissa is happy for the rest of her life and I'm going to make sure that happens."

Without another word, he stormed out of the house and dove into the back of his car. Dialing Jimmy on the phone, he demanded an update.

"We've found her boss. We just located the information but we're tracking down the hotel. Where are you? I'll have the helicopter meet you. By the time you're airborne, we'll have her location and will contact an agency in the area to ensure she doesn't leave again without protection. I already have a team in the air in your other helicopter on the way. We'll give them an exact location as soon as we've pinged it."

Ten minutes later, Max was in the air flying to the Scottish border, his hands gripping the document that had started this whole mad race. He relaxed only slightly when Jimmy called to say that they'd located her and his team was on the ground watching the bed and breakfast she'd stopped at.

With her safety reassured, Max started to breathe slightly more easily but there was still the problem of convincing her that the documents hadn't been initiated by him and he'd had no intention of asking for her father's company.

Chapter 16

Clarissa looked around at the pretty bedroom and sighed. She couldn't cry anymore. She'd been crying for hours and she saw her reflection in the mirror. Her eyes were red rimmed and her makeup completely gone except for light streaks of mascara down each of her cheeks. She hadn't eaten all day but she still wasn't remotely hungry.

Looking at the large, king sized bed with the pretty quilt on it, she thought about all the nights she'd spent in Max's arms, in his bed, feeling the warmth of his body against hers, knowing that he'd wake her up at some point during the night and make love to her at least once again.

She wished he was here right now and that she didn't know he was a deceitful, horrible bastard. She wanted so much to believe in love again but she couldn't. It was all an illusion that would never be a part of her future again. She'd experienced bliss but the pain of the fall was too much for her.

Sitting down on the mattress, she looked around, wondering what she was going to do next. She could go for a walk. But the idea of going outside and having someone else see her like this, or even seeing another human being period, was unappealing. She didn't want food either, even though it had been at least twelve hours since she'd last eaten.

She laid down on the big bed, huddled into one small corner, hugging the pillow to her chest and closing her eyes. She would just relax for a few minutes, then get out and get some fresh air. She needed to think and make plans. She had to be one step ahead of Max at all times because he was slick and would convince her once again that things would be good. They wouldn't be good. They'd never be good again.

Within moments, she was asleep.

Chapter 17

Max looked at the woman sleeping on the bed, noticed the streaks where her mascara had bled onto her face and his heart wrenched. This was his woman and he hadn't protected her adequately. It was his fault that she was hurt but he would fix it. There was no other alternative. He couldn't live without her. He'd thought she knew that, but her being here was evidence to the contrary. Regardless, he would show her in any way possible how vital she was to his life.

Taking off his jacket and shoes, he laid down next to her, pulling her close. He was relieved when she didn't wake up but moved into his arms willingly. She snuggled against his chest, sighing against his neck like she always did. In her sleep, she didn't reject him. That had to be something, he told himself as he closed his eyes, waiting for her to wake up so they could talk. In her sleep, she knew they were made for each other. Now it was just a matter of her understanding that truth consciously.

Clarissa stirred and something in her subconscious told her that something wasn't quite right. Or maybe it was too right and a part of her mind thought things should be off center. But at this point she didn't care. She was warm and she smelled Max, even though she knew he couldn't be with her. She tried to snuggle down further, not wanting the fantasy of being held gently in Max's arms to leave her.

"Max," she sighed and snuggled against him.

"I'm here, mia cara," Max whispered against her ear, holding her close. He felt her stiffen but wouldn't release her. His hand slipped into her hair and he looked down into her confused eyes. That puzzlement soon turned to anger when she slowly realized what was going on.

"How did you find me?" she asked, pulling out of his arms, relieved when he let her go. She stood up and straightened her clothes, fluffing her hair and trying to not look as worn out as she probably appeared. It was devastating to feel so worn out and bedraggled when standing next to a man who literally took one's breath away.

He didn't stand as well. Instead, he pushed more pillows behind him and leaned against the headboard, his eyes watching her move about the small area. "You used your credit cards when you rented this room. We tracked you through the financial institution."

"Isn't that illegal?" she asked, her anger rising. The man didn't live by the rules the rest of society lived by and that was infuriating.

He simply shrugged as if legalities were an afterthought. "I own controlling stock in the company so I used the resources available to me."

Crossing her arms over her chest, she shook her head. "You're horrible, do you know that?" She hated it when the tears filled up her eyes and started dropping onto her cheek again. Grabbing a tissue, she wiped them away angrily. Unfortunately, they didn't stop so she turned her back on him, not wanting him to see how vulnerable she was feeling.

"I know that I love you and I don't want to lose you simply because your father did something that was irrelevant to our relationship."

Clarissa closed her eyes as the pain ripped through her. Oh, to hear those first few words just this morning, she would have been on cloud nine. "Why lie now, Max? You have everything you want. You did it, you won my father's company so what's left? There's no need for you to continue with this charade of a marriage. You don't need me anymore."

He jumped off the bed, his hands holding her upper arms in an attempt to convey the sincerity of his message. "That's not true. I swear I didn't know what your father was doing. And to prove it, I'll sell the company and donate every penny to charity. I don't want the company, Clarissa. I need you."

The words were so sweet and he looked so sincere. Closing her eyes, she shook her head. "No Max. You fooled me once. I can't take it again." She looked at his shirt and whispered, "It hurts too much."

He stilled as her admission flowed over him. "Why?" he asked. "Why is it too painful?"

Turning her head from side to side, she tried to deny him but he held her close, pulling her into his chest and holding her carefully. She couldn't take the sweetness of his embrace and her pride was gone. She couldn't hold back the words anymore. "Because I've loved you so much, for so long and you lied to me. You told me you wanted me. Just me!" she exclaimed, stomping her foot for emphasis. "Do you know how seductive that is for someone who's been an afterthought her whole life?"

He bent down so he could see her face. "You're wrong, Clarissa. You're father loves you dearly. He's just terrible at showing it. He sent the papers to my office so you wouldn't see them. He didn't want you to know about what he was planning. He knew it would hurt you. It never occurred to him that my secretary would send them to my home office. He's been so wrapped up in his own company and working his life away that it never occurred to him that I would bring my work home with me. But I do. I need to be with you even if you're only across the room. I like working through details and looking up to see you in the chair in my office while I work, I need to see you concentrating so hard when you're working on a difficult passage and I want you in my bed, in my life and across from me at breakfast and dinner, and lunch if you can endure me that often. I want to see you grow huge with our children and when they enter our lives, I want to raise them right beside you, not missing out on any of those incredible moments your father threw away because of a blind need to achieve something in the business world. You're sweet and beautiful and you make me crazy with desire just watching you walk across a room."

She couldn't take it anymore. The tears that had been spilling out gently burst out of her in a cough of pain. "But you have my father's company. You don't need me!"

He held her closer. "That's not true. You're everything to me. You love me and I love you and there's nothing we can do but figure out how to trust each other because we can't live without each other. I won't expect anything less, nor should you."

"I don't trust you," she said adamantly.

He smiled over her head as his arms tightened around her waist. "Yes, you do."

She pushed out of his arms and glared at him. "No, you arrogant bastard! I don't love you."

He chuckled softly, unable to stop the relief soaring through him as he watched her face. "Yes, you do. Otherwise, you never would have married me and compromised everything you believed in. You trust me for the same reason. You just need to learn to trust yourself."

He pulled her closer but she shook her head and walked around him. "No, Max. I don't want this anymore. I don't want to feel like this ever again. It's too painful."

"I agree."

She hadn't expected him to say that and it stopped her. She turned in the middle of the room, the anger gone to be replaced by the hurt once again. "What did you say?"

"I agree. The pain is too much. But I can't let you go. That would tear me apart and I can't live without you."

His words confused her even more. As did the sincerity in his voice. She told herself not to trust him, not to trust what he was telling her. She'd seen him convince others of his way of thinking and she couldn't fall under the spell. "You want the money and the power," she challenged, daring him to contradict her.

"No. I want the challenge of business. I don't care about the money although it's a nice side benefit," he replied with a shrug of his shoulders.

Despite the hurt and tears Clarissa couldn't help but laugh. "You need to work on your humility."

"I need to work on making you deliriously happy," he countered and took a step toward her. "I need to work on making your father understand things about you that he's too stupid to realize on his own. I need to tear up this document," he said, referring to the will that was sitting on a chair by the bed, "and make sure your father finds his own successor because our children are going to be too busy running my companies and taking over my businesses. They won't have time to do anything with his. He missed his chance with you," he stated firmly. "I won't be so blind to our children."

She could feel her resolve wilting under the pressure of his words. They sounded so wonderful and she desperately wanted to believe him. "What children?" she asked.

He smiled and her stomach did a flip flop. "The ones we're going to make as soon as you admit you love me and will never leave me again."

She raised her eyebrows. "Is that all I'm going to say?"

He laughed, knowing he'd won. "You're going to give me several daughters that will look as gorgeous as you are."

"You think so?" she asked flippantly. A thought occurred to her and she stopped his forward momentum with a finger to the middle of his chest. "Will you ever keep a mistress?" she demanded.

Of all the things she might have asked, that one was the most hilarious. "Are you kidding me?" he asked and saw the worry in her eyes. He stopped and pulled her close, lifting her off her feet and carrying her to the bed. "I can't believe you would ask me something like that but since I can see the anxiety on your face, I'll let you know that no woman has ever made me feel the things you do. I've never had sex with a woman and felt so much pleasure as I do when we touch. I'd never jeopardize that kind of bliss by even thinking of another woman. You're the only one for me and you're stuck with me for the rest of our lives. And if you ever leave me again and scare me the way you have for the past eight hours, I will personally carry you all the way home, lock you in our bedroom and tie you to our bed."

Since he'd already pushed his knee between her legs, Clarissa could barely breathe for the excitement washing through her. "And what will you do with me when I'm tied up?" she asked breathlessly.

He pulled her shirt from her jeans, his large hand covering her stomach as he shook his head. "First you have to tell me that you love me."

"I love you," she said forcefully, not even hesitating as she watched his eyes, saw the fire inside of them and the relief when she said the words. His expression told her so much more than his words and she realized that he was right. She didn't need to trust him. She needed to trust herself, to believe in herself and his love. She had to believe that he could actually love her and wasn't like her father, always following the next business deal and thrill of making his next million.

"And that you'll give me lots of daughters with beautiful blue eyes and curly brown hair and the prettiest smile I've ever seen."

She shook her head, her smile growing wider with each sentence he spoke. "I'll give you lots of sons with black eyes that will charm everyone in sight."

"And you trust me and you'll never leave me again, terrifying me and giving me a heart attack."

"And I..." she started to say she trusted him but his hand moved across her flat stomach and she was unable to think any more.

He bent down and kissed her stomach with his lips. "What were you going to say?" he asked, teasing the sensitive flesh over her hip bone.

"I love you."

"I love you too." He lifted his head and looked down at her. "You believe that, don't you?"

"You really don't want my father's company?" she asked, the niggle of fear slipping up once again although she hated that feeling.

"I want you. You're father's company can go to hell. And if you don't believe me, I'll take my support out of his company. He'll be bankrupt in a year. Then there won't be anything left for him to give to me. Will that work?"

Clarissa's eyes widened. "My father's company is in trouble?" she asked.

Max nodded. "Why do you think he's asked me to step in?"

"I didn't know that's what he was doing."

He nipped her shoulder, then pulled the fabric down. "It's the reason I was at the dinner party that night. Although I can't remember much of anything after you walked in. I'm afraid your father was very irritated with me that night."

Clarissa laughed happily. "Oh Max! You do love me!"

"Haven't I been telling you that for the past hour?"

"I love you too," she said and happily gave in to the feeling of his mouth, his hands and his love.

