Chapter 1

Sasha picked up the paintbrush, her fingers shaking and her stomach churning with fear and anticipation. "I'm over him," she whispered out loud, ignoring the cold mist that showed her breath as she took the step closer to the canvas. Dipping her brush into the first color, she braced herself and started the process, the first colors hitting the white canvas no longer a shock to her mind but still something she didn't particularly enjoy. But since this whole process, of painting this particular subject was physically painful for her, she ignored the starting sensation and concentrated on working through to get to the answer.

There was no other way to do it, she told herself, but to dive right in. Being afraid of the answer wasn't going to solve the problem and she wouldn't know the truth until she started. Procrastinating wouldn't give her the information she desperately needed.

Impatiently, she pushed her long, brown hair out of her way, tucking it up on top of her head with the end of her paint brush, uncaring that a bit of paint smeared across her lovely cheekbone. She wore no makeup, but her soft, brown eyes and peaches and cream complexion were rarely viewed by anyone anymore. She went out each day for a long walk and she occasionally saw the others in the village, but the only daily care she took in her appearance was to remove her paint smock that covered her from neck to knee while she worked. She was unaware, and unconcerned if people questioned her appearance.

At least that was the case over the past year.

Classical music flowed around her as she worked on the painting. She didn't stop for food, didn't notice the light changing as the morning turned to afternoon, then the evening faded into night, nor did she acknowledge the ache in her legs from standing all day. It was almost midnight before she put her paintbrush down and sighed in frustration.

As she looked at the painting, her heart lurched, the truth staring at her from the eyes she'd just painted. The truth was irrevocable and no matter how many times she told herself that she didn't, when she painted his face, she knew she was still in love with her husband.

She sighed with the acceptance that she wasn't yet over the man who had hurt her so deeply that even a year later, she still felt as if a hole had been torn out of her chest. Maintaining a stoic face while she worked, Sasha carefully cleaned her brushes and set them in the appropriate place in their holders to dry out, meticulously ensuring that they were immaculate and ready for her next project.

When she was finished with her supplies, she wearily carried the canvas to the barn behind her tiny cottage and stored it with the others that she'd worked on recently. The paintings here were items she'd either started and hadn't finished because she'd lost the inspiration, or that she didn't want the world to see because they were too personal or not good enough. This one fell into all of those categories so she stacked it towards the back, pulling the heavy tarp over the stack to ensure dust and water didn't get to it, and made sure that the moth balls were in place to deter some of the more curious animals from damaging any of the works. She might not be ready to sell or get rid of these efforts, but that didn't mean she wanted anything to happen to them.

Back in her cottage, she turned off the music, poured herself a glass of milk for dinner, then climbed into bed without bothering to change. Worn out jeans, flannel, tattered shirt and all, she just needed the warmth of the relative softness of her bed. And the pillows. She pulled them close, hugging one to her chest and the other tucked under her head. Not the same because the pillows didn't emanate the same heat as his arms and chest and they were much too soft compared to his muscles that were more analogous to rocks than anything else, but close enough and they were all she had at the moment, she thought as the tears spilled down her cheeks.

Tomorrow would be better, she promised herself. And she wouldn't try again for another month. Long walks, maybe some different music and a new painting. Her mind went through all the rituals she'd discovered that would help her get through the day. One breath at a time, she sighed into the night. Just one breath, one moment, one step at a time.

The following morning, she forced herself to fix some breakfast and eat it. It was only a soft boiled egg and whole wheat toast, but it was more than she'd eaten the whole previous day. A cup of tea warmed her up and she pulled her sneakers on for her morning walk. She pushed herself harder this time, walking around the pond, through the village, smiling and waving to the people she saw. She'd grown up in this small town so she knew just about everyone, but she didn't socialize a great deal anymore. Ever since Dante and his accusations, his rejection of her, she hadn't felt strong enough to be around other people.

Soon though, she'd start accepting some of the invitations. She needed to get out more, to be with other people and stop acting like a miserable, old recluse. Her activities lately weren't healthy and she needed to rejoin the world, to feel life again even if it might be painful at times. She knew she wasn't ready to start dating again, but she needed to reconnect with her friends, especially her college friends. She missed them terribly and she knew they worried about her. She e-mailed with them when she remembered to log into her account, but the communication was sporadic. Dana was married with a baby on the way and Jenna was doing well as a journalist. They both had stopped by over the past year to check in on her and she'd done a relatively good job of convincing them that she was okay.

The banging on the door as she stepped through her back access startled her. Since the house was so small, she could see straight through from the back to her front entrance but the solid oak wouldn't allow her to see through and discover who had invaded her space so unexpectedly.

"Sasha! I'm here for the paintings. I know you're here so don't try and pretend otherwise," the male voice said.

Sasha's body relaxed as she released a relieved laugh, then hurried to the front door. "Robert, you know I'd never pretend with you," she said and hugged him enthusiastically. "What are you doing way out here in the country? I told you I'd bring the paintings to you Monday and I know you abhor leaving your precious city life and risk running into a leaf or, heaven forbid, a bug."

Sasha's agent and friend stepped through the front door and took his favorite client into his arms, as much to greet her as so determine if she was taking care of herself. As his arms closed around her slender frame, he became worried that she wasn't eating well. "I didn't trust you to be on time and you know that's a completely justified terror when it comes to you lately. Your sense of timeliness seems to have disappeared completely. Besides, Monday is too far in the future. I need the paintings this weekend." He surveyed her face, noting the more pronounced cheekbones and prominent, brown eyes still filled with so much loneliness. Damn that man who had done this to her gentle soul! Sasha was one of those sweet, caring people who pushed spiders out of her house instead of stomping on them. How Dante Fuitello could do this to such a beautiful woman was beyond anything Robert could understand.

Sasha pulled away, knowing that Robert would comment on her weight if he felt how much she'd lost in the past few weeks. And since there wasn't a whole lot to lose in the first place, he wouldn't be shy about mentioning her health, a subject that he brought up constantly it seemed.

"I thought you had a full gallery." She pulled him into her house, excited to see him but not sure why he'd come all this way instead of waiting for her to deliver the paintings she'd promised. His comment about being too slow was worrisome, only compounded by the fact that Robert was a city man, completely in tune with the rhythm of London and all the excitement available. He hated coming out to the country where she lived, considering it too "earthy".

"I did until I sold your last two yesterday." He looked around the dark, dingy little cottage that had only four rooms, a number that was abhorrently tiny in his estimation. "You're a wealthy woman and a famous artist now. Why are you still living in this hovel?"

Sasha rolled her eyes at the comment he made about her humble dwelling each time he visited, horrified that anyone would live in a place that doesn't have hardwood floors and twelve foot ceilings with strategically designed lighting to enhance one's living space. "I love this hovel. Thank you very much for not disrespecting the hovel." She moved into the galley style kitchen that was about the size of some people's closet and put her battered tea kettle on one of the two burners of her ancient stove. With a flick of the lighter, a flame popped up under the kettle.

Robert leaned against the rough, wooden door frame that looked like a termite had rejected it about a hundred years ago. "The condo next to mine is about to go on the market. I can tell my neighbor that you're interested. Lots of light, plenty of room and it doesn't smell like turpentine or burnt toast all the time." He looked around disdainfully. "How in the world do you create such amazing masterpieces in this kind of light?"

Sasha looked away, the memory of the most amazing place she'd ever painted coming to mind. This little cottage was the antithesis of that room with all the windows and natural light, the skylights that let in the sunshine no matter what time of the day.

Unfortunately, with that wonderful room came a not-so-perfect existence. One she had tried, and failed, to endure. "This place is perfect for me. At least for now." She still held out the hope that she'd get over that time in her life and be able to move on.

"I only have three pictures ready for you unfortunately."

Robert rolled his eyes. "Do you have any life outside of painting?" he asked without sarcasm. For an artist of her caliber to produce three paintings in the last month, he suspected that she barely slept and did nothing other than paint. He also knew it was her way of working through her emotions, which had been severely tattered, but maybe if she got out a bit, she might recover more quickly. And for him to want an artist to slow down, which would mean less commissions for his bank account, that was genuine concern as Robert never really considered himself very selfless. But if she didn't slow down, she was going to burn out and that also wouldn't be good, for his account or his friendship with a woman who was truly special to him.

Sasha looked up at him, distressed by his comment. "Am I too slow? I'm sorry...." She started to say but Robert interrupted her with a laugh.

"Dear, three paintings from you is like money in the bank. I don't know any other artist who can produce like you can so please, ignore my silly comments and understand that I'm absolutely thrilled with three paintings from you. I have some artists that work on one painting a year, and they don't have half as much talent as you do. With all the emotion you put into your paintings, I don't know how you get through the day. Your productivity concerns me, is all."

Sasha was relieved, not sure what the art world expected of her. It wouldn't have mattered anyway. She could only paint what she felt at the speed at which she was feeling things. The past year had been a pretty emotional disaster for her so she'd been extremely prolific lately. But she hoped to be able to focus on only one painting per year at some point. Maybe when she wasn't so centered on the past, she could....

Some day, she reassured herself. There will come a point in her life when she wouldn't feel this kind of pain or betrayal. There had been joy at one point. That period in her work had been a completely different style, but it had lasted for only a short period of time. She knew others who viewed her work might see the emotions in her paintings, but she hoped that they didn't understand them. Not completely at least.

An hour later, she helped Robert carefully pack the paintings into his trunk, ensuring that they were cautiously stored so they wouldn't be damaged, then waved goodbye to him as he drove back down the dusty, gravel road that was her driveway. He'd made her laugh this afternoon, which was a good thing. He was a delightful friend, even though she knew his motivation was more than a little mercenary. Robert gathered friends only to further his art business. Everyone had a purpose, either on the supply or demand chain and he treated each person accordingly.

Sasha knew this about him and still accepted his friendship, but was also relieved when he drove away after each visit, needing his interruptions but appreciating the stillness and peace of her hideaway even more after he'd left.

Back inside, she put the kettle on to heat more water, her mind considering options for what she might paint next. Thoughts flitted through her mind and she considered and rejected some of them, storing others away. She was just about to pick up her sketch pad to work through some ideas when a strange noise in the distance distracted her. Glancing at the clock, she realized it was later than she thought. She hadn't had lunch yet and it was already three o'clock in the afternoon.

Placing her sketch pad back on the table, she told herself she'd take just a peek outside to find out what the odd sound was breaking the stillness of the early springtime afternoon. Then she'd make a sandwich and maybe even venture into the village to grab a cup of coffee, talk to some of her old friends a bit and make sure she stretched her social skills slightly.

The noise was becoming louder and she tucked her sketch pad down between her overstuffed chair and her easel, glancing out the window.

What she saw made her heart stop for a split second. Then her stomach dropped, followed immediately by the painful racing of her heart.

A helicopter?

There was only one reason a helicopter would be heading this way. The town was too quiet, too isolated for any other reason.

Sure enough, a moment later, the helicopter hovered over the small field in front of her cottage, then slowly descended. Glancing around the tree line of her property, she noted there were already several men standing around the edge of her field, the bulges under their dark suits barely concealing the large weapons Sasha knew to be hidden underneath the deceptive material.

As soon as the helicopter touched down, she watched in horror as the one man she'd prayed never to see again outside of a white fabric canvas stepped out, his long legs eating up the space between the powerful machine and her tiny, dilapidated cottage.

He wore expensive sunglasses and a perfectly tailored, summer weight tan suit with a white shirt opened at the collar, but nothing could hide the power of this man. It was physically apparent both in the way he walked and the commanding way he approached the world and her house, not to mention the muscles that were ripped over his body from grueling daily workouts that a lesser man would collapse under. No suit could hide the power of that physique, she thought while her mind whirled frantically.

As he approached her door with that intimidating stride, she wasn't sure what to do. To let him into her house would mean that his whole demeanor would invade the private space she'd created, a space that was devoid of any memories of this man. To not let him in would be dangerous. Not that he would allow that though. When Dante Fuitello wanted in, everyone else needed to just step back. She'd never known him let anyone stand in his way. She had no idea what the consequences would be if someone dared to challenge him, because it simply was never done. At least she'd never seen or heard of it happening.

And then he was there, standing in front of her house. The option of not letting him inside was gone and her whole body trembled with memories of their time together, of how passionate and wonderful he could be. And how brutally cold, impersonal and dispassionate he could turn. She'd experienced both sides and never wanted either extreme again. Her life was calm and, if not peaceful, at least it wasn't disrupted by the angry words and horrible accusations that had been almost daily life with him. And the passion, she thought. Yes, there had been more passion than she thought was possible. Dante could bring her to the heights of heaven, but life with him could also be a living hell. Loving him was....difficult.

The knock on the door was fast and reflected the confidence this man had that the world would reacted exactly as he demanded it would, and it didn't matter if it was the stock market or a company, somehow the world complied and bowed to this man's wishes.

She couldn't open the door. So many feelings were clogging her senses right now that her feet were rooted on the floor. There were no messages from her brain to her feet telling her to move. She simply stood in the middle of her small den, staring at the door.

Sasha should have known that he'd just enter. Dante wasn't the kind of man who waited for permission so when the initial knock didn't provide the desired reaction, he simply opened the door and walked in.

Why hadn't she locked the door? Why hadn't she hidden in her bedroom? Why hadn't she run into the woods at the very first realization of a helicopter approaching?

As he stepped into her house, he had to duck underneath the door frame because he was so tall. The house had been made over two hundred years ago at a time when people were shorter, but even by today's standards Dante was huge. At six feet, three inches tall, he was at least half a head taller than most men. If that didn't separate him out from the rest of the world, his black hair and black eyes, chiseled facial features that were normally devoid of any emotion except for the rare moments when he was mildly amused, would capture anyone's attention.

"What are you doing here?" she finally asked after they'd stood there watching each other for a long, awkward moment.

Dante looked at the one woman who had gotten beneath his guard. The one person who had never bowed to his bidding, never reacted the way he expected. He was surprised at how angry he had become just by entering her world. He'd thought this would be a simple mission but seeing her standing in front of him, looking like the goddess he'd first glimpsed so long ago, his reaction was probably understandable.

She'd lost a good deal of weight over the past year. She'd always been thin but now her jeans hung on her hips and the large shirt that was tied at her waist couldn't cinch in enough. It was a man's shirt anyway and on her delicate frame, it was about ten sizes too large.

Eyes that had once danced with laughter and excitement over everything, were now large, brown saucers in a face that looked....haunted. She was pale, the only color in her face were those still beautiful, soulful, brown eyes. And he had no idea what she'd done with her hair. He suspected nothing at all which was a crime since this woman's hair had been the softest, most luxurious thing he'd ever....

Dante forced his mind back to the problem. "I've tried calling you," he said to break the silence.

Sasha wasn't sure how to respond. When she worked, she shut off her cell phone so if he'd tried to reach her, he would have gotten her voice mail and she hadn't checked it yet. She tried to speak, but the words were stuck in her throat. She coughed and tore her hungry eyes away from him. "Would you like some tea?" she asked, manners coming to save her in this instance. She wasn't sure what was the polite comment to make when one's estranged husband walked through the door unexpectedly.

There was no answer but she didn't care. She moved into her tiny kitchen, needing to do something with her hands. She filled up the kettle and lit the burner, becoming more nervous as he prowled her cottage, looking at all the details. There wasn't much to see. The furniture was sparse with only one large chair and an ottoman for reading, a side table and lamp, all of which were positioned for a body to obtain maximum heat from the now cold and blackened fireplace. There was an old, wooden bookshelf filled with various genres, but that was about it. Her dining room had been converted to her studio and that contained several lights to help her work, stacks of varying sized canvases, her easel and paints. There wasn't a table and no chairs. The two windows and another fireplace were on the opposite wall, but the room wasn't meant for guests, although he prowled through that space as well but didn't look very interested, only mildly curious.

Sasha pulled down two cups and fiddled with the bags of tea, busying herself until she got up the nerve to ask him why he had decided to break away from his business empire to visit her quaint little town. While they'd been married, the man had worked fourteen to eighteen hour days, sometimes seven days a week. He'd rarely taken the time to spend quiet days with her. At least that was the case when they'd returned to his home in Rome.

The whole time he prowled her domain, she tried to work through in her mind why he was here. There had been no communication between the two of them, and even though she'd been expecting notice, she hadn't received anything from him or his lawyers asking for a divorce. Taking a deep breath, she stepped out from her hiding place and faced him, her chin going up defiantly. "Why did you come here?" she asked, angry that her voice quivered slightly, revealing how emotionally distraught she was with his presence.

"Aren't you happy to see me?" he asked, his voice dripping with sarcasm.

"After the accusations you tossed at me the last time we were together, I'd rather hoped never to see you again."

"After the perfidy I discovered about you, I had resolved that very same thing."

"What you think you discovered. You're too distrusting to know what you saw." She snapped her mouth shut quickly. The last time they'd had this argument she'd sworn she would never defend herself against his callous words again. There was just something about this man that made her furious and defensive.

He shrugged slightly. "I'm not going to rehash the same, tedious argument with you, Sasha."

She was relieved, because this wasn't a dispute she could win and maintain her word to a friend. "Good. Then tell me why you're here and get out of my house." In her fantasy world, she lifted him up and tossed him out, just like she felt he'd done to her. He'd never touched her in anger, but his words had hurt just as badly.

"Nonna is ill."

There wasn't much he could have said that would have broken through her pain and anger at their last parting, but those words got her attention. During the nightmarish year that she'd been with this amazing man, his Grandmother Rennata had been the one steady, friendly and loving force in her life. She'd been a true friend and confidant. "She's not!"

He didn't even blink at her vehement rejection, but continued to stare at her steadily. "She's in the intensive care unit. She fell sick last week, but refused to see a doctor. It became steadily worse until two days ago when she didn't come down for dinner. When my mother went upstairs to check on her, Nonna Rennata couldn't be revived. We called an ambulance and by the time the doctors examined her, they explained that she'd had a series of heart attacks."

Those two words spoken about the small, wonderful woman who had taken Sasha under her wing and treated her like a granddaughter struck her as painful. "No!"

Dante realized that his wife was genuinely upset by this, which confused him. She'd always kept apart from the family. He had no idea that Sasha cared one whit about his grandmother even though the elderly lady had asked for Sasha repeatedly during her illness. "She's stable," he said quickly, but the pained expression in his wife's eyes didn't diminish.

When she thought she could speak without her voice breaking, she asked, "How long has she been in the hospital?

"Three days."

With a slight nod, Sasha accepted this, berating herself for not already knowing and keeping in touch with Rennata more closely. They communicated regularly via e-mail and text, but the communication was sporadic and Sasha only logged into her e-mail about once a week. "Is she still...?"

Dante's mouth compressed in frustration and confusion. "As I said, she's stable. But she's been asking for you."

That snapped Sasha out of her panic and gave her something to do, something to help. "Of course. If Nonna needs me, I'll be there as fast as I can." She was already walking towards the stairs to pack a bag.

"We can be airborne as soon as you grab your purse."

That startled her. She glanced out the window and cringed inwardly at the thought of flying in a helicopter. Her fear of flying had been a source of embarrassment and she'd kept that from Dante, who didn't seem to have any fears. But she'd only flown in planes which were much more reliable in her mind. A helicopter ride brought up new and more terrifying issues she'd never faced while flying in Dante's private fleet of jets. "Let me just pack some clothes," she said, refusing to let the panic take over. She could deal with the fear of flying, even in a helicopter, if it meant getting to Nonna Rennata more quickly. She'd flown often enough in order to be close to Dante during their marriage and she hadn't broken down, she could get through this.

Deep breathing, imaging exercises, remember the "up" bumps in turbulence and not just the "down" bumps...most important, positive thinking. The plane, or now the helicopter, is not going to crash and millions of people fly safely in planes every day.

Sasha wasn't sure about the number that traveled safely in helicopters, but she pushed herself to focus on packing. Getting to Rennata. That was the most important issue.

Dante tried to halt her momentum but Sasha was already heading towards the stairs. "You don't need clothes. All the clothes you had at the house are still available to you."

She stopped and looked at him with confusion. And thankfully it also distracted her from the upcoming flights. "Those clothes I had during our marriage?" She couldn't claim that she'd bought them, but she'd definitely worn them to try and please him and placate his mother. "You didn't get rid of them?"

"Of course not. They are worth a small fortune."

She squared her shoulders, wishing she didn't feel the need to defend the cost of clothes she didn't like and weren't her style. But something about the expression on his handsome face made her step back and shake her head. "Not my choice. Your mother bought most of those for me. I never asked for nor wanted most of them."

He sighed and shrugged slightly, his expression changing from the subtly accusatory to the unconcerned. "She probably bought whatever she thought was appropriate for you. Can you get your purse? We need to be in the air as soon as possible. I don't want Nonna to be wondering where you are. Any stress could cause a problem so we should hurry."

That shook her to the core, all the fight knocked out of her at the possibility of hurting that gentle lady. "Of course," she said and stood up straighter, forcing her mind to work faster. "I need to get some clothes. I know there are designer clothes at your house, but I won't wear those ever again." She raced up the stairs before he could argue with her or try and convince her that the clothes from their marriage were more appropriate than the items she felt comfortable wearing. Tossing a couple pairs of jeans and a pair of shorts into a suitcase defiantly, she added tee shirts, sandals, a few dressier clothes that she preferred, and a casual sundress just to irritate Dante's mother and she was ready to leave.

It took her less than five minutes and she was pulling the small case back down the stairs. "I'm ready," she said and glanced around, wondering if there was anything she needed to do. But since she'd only be gone for a day or two, she thought that anything she'd left hanging here could wait. She grabbed her purse, her passport and made sure her cell phone was inside, then turned to follow Dante. "Lead the way," she quipped.

Dante had always been fascinated by this woman although why he had no idea. She had never fit his lifestyle, was too gregarious, too trusting and too undisciplined. He lived his life with great deliberation, requiring order and schedule to each part of his day. This woman lived her life on the edge of one emotion or another, feeling too much and reacting on those emotions. Regardless, from the moment he'd met her, he had been drawn to her. She was beautiful, no doubt about that. Her figure had tormented him from the first time he'd run into her, and he'd resisted her allure for all of five minutes before finally giving in and accepting that there was just something about her that he needed. He certainly accepted the sexual need, that had been present from first sight.

But seeing her now with her ragged duffle bag and her eyes once again alight with purpose and determination, he remembered how much he'd wanted to posses her, to control her and place his stamp of ownership on her. She was like a beautiful, delicate and rare hummingbird flitting wherever she needed to be. If she liked a place, she would return. If she didn't, she was strong enough to fly away with a taunting glimpse of heaven.

He cursed under his breath as he followed her across the field of weeds and overgrown grass towards the helicopter, his eyes drawn to her long legs, picturing those legs wrapped around his waist as they had so many times in the past. No woman had ever gotten to him like this one had. And he resented that she still had power over him, even knowing what he knew about her morals, his body still wanted to melt into her and his mind wanted to possess her. Unfortunately, he'd found out that her morals were non-existent, a character trait that should have eliminated his desire for her.

It just went to prove that a man's body was controlled by what he saw, and not what was underneath. He could ignore this attraction though. He had more evidence than he had the first time he'd tried to fight it and he would win this round no matter how lush and sultry her body appeared to him.

He resisted the urge to help her by putting a hand to her round derriere as she climbed into the luxurious helicopter. His hands burned when she slipped slightly and they automatically reached out to steady her. Fortunately, he pulled back quickly enough and she was able to right herself without his assistance. She stepped into the helicopter and took one of the plush, leather seats, sitting back and closing her eyes.

As soon as he was seated, he nodded to the pilot, indicating that they could take off immediately. The pilot acknowledged the nod and efficiently started the rotors so the noise picked up dramatically, until the doors were closed and all the noise was suddenly cut off. The interior was completely sound proof so unlike other helicopters, one could talk in a normal voice without the sounds of the engine or rotors interrupting or needing microphones for communication.

Dante sat back and was about to make a phone call, but his eyes, which had been avoiding Sasha's face, accidentally caught her hands. He was startled to realize that her fingers were gripping the leather arm rests, her knuckles white with the effort to hold onto something solid. Unwillingly, his eyes moved upwards to her face, noting that her eyes were closed, her teeth clenched and her whole body was tensed for....whatever it was she anticipated happening.

Crash and burn? Probably.

Horrible drop? Definitely a possibility in her mind.

"You're afraid of flying?" he demanded, watching her whole body tense even more tightly. If she was any tighter, she would snap, he thought.

She peeked out of her eyes, then closed them tightly, her lips compressed so forcefully they were white just like her knuckles. She didn't pay him any attention, just focused on whatever was going on in that fertile, creative brain of hers.

"I would have thought if you'd taken me on, you weren't afraid of anything," he commented.

No reaction. She was completely tuned out to everything.

"How is your painting coming along?" he asked, watching her carefully. "Are you working on anything significant now?"

One eye popped open and she looked across the small space at his handsome face.

Sasha didn't want to open her eyes, but there was something in the tone of his voice that broke through. She looked carefully, noticing that they were still on the ground so she could react quickly, then get back to her personal mantra that had gotten her through so many other flights. She didn't really like the whole flight but it was the take offs and landings that really got to her. She knew it wasn't rational since a plane ride could crash at any time but there was something terrifying about the takeoff, and the landing was only mildly less scary in her mind.

"Nothing significant," she gritted out, then closed her eyes and refocused. He was trying to reduce her down, to break her but she wouldn't let him see that she was going to start crying. She would not scream out her terror. She would focus and keep repeating her words, reminding herself that flying was safe, that so many people did it every day, every hour and she needn't worry so much.

Dante wasn't going to relent. He watched her carefully, looking for some sign that she might be okay but all he saw was increasing anxiety and despite the fact that he wanted to be immune, he couldn't sit through this, seeing her so worried "You'd obviously been painting something right before I arrived. What was it? Or was it so horrible that you're ashamed of the piece? I would have thought someone with your talent wouldn't be embarrassed by anything."

If only to get him to be quiet so she could concentrate, Sasha thought back to the portrait she'd been working on the previous day, one which she definitely wouldn't tell him about. It wasn't any of his business anyway. "I was doing a portrait yesterday." No details, she told herself.

After a moment's pause to see if she would expound, he prompted, "I thought you didn't like doing portraits. I remember some tripe out your emotions getting in the way of the other person's features."

Her eyes snapped open and she glared across the short expanse of luxurious helicopter space between them. "It wasn't tripe, you heartless bastard," she gasped, furious despite herself. "And what would you know about art anyway? Bought any paintings lately? Probably not. That would require you to feel something other than an instinct for profit." She sneered and closed her eyes once again, leaning back against the soft leather of her chair. But her eyes popped right back open. "And one other thing. There's no 'tripe' about feeling emotions when one paints. It's one of the reasons my paintings sell so well. And yes, I was doing a portrait. Why I was doing something like that is none of your business anymore."

The slow, merciless smile he sent her way made her stomach clench with anger and anticipation. "Ah, my love, but it really is my business."

"How do you figure?" She crossed her arms over her chest, a challenge in her eyes and defiance in the jut of her chin.

"Because you are still my wife. That means that whatever you do, it impacts me."

"Good. Maybe I'll do a whole serious of nudes," she snapped.

Dante laughed and shook his head. "No you won't, although I would love to see you try."

She couldn't help squirming in her seat, so furious that she could barely see straight but she wasn't going to let him get away with the idea that he could control her actions. "Really? Do you think you could stop me?"

"I don't even need try."

"What? You're so all powerful that you think you can tell me what I can or can't paint?" She was so furious she could barely speak coherently. No man had been able t make her so furious, and so passionate. "I'll have you know that I'll paint whatever I want, whenever I want."

"I won't have to stop you from doing any nudes and you know it."

"I know nothing of the sort, you pompous bastard."

"Again with the name calling, eh?"

"If the shoe fits," she crossed her legs and shifted the angle of her body away from him.

"You not doing nudes has nothing to do with my pomposity or arrogance, another trait which you've consistently accused me of if I recall."

"Both of which describe you perfectly."

He didn't even deign to reply to her comment. "You won't do a nude, simply because deep down, underneath all that silly, irrelevant flightiness, you are a prude."

Sasha opened her mouth to argue, but then pictured herself trying to paint a stranger's picture while they posed naked and her face flamed with color. She gritted her teeth at his chuckle. "I can see you agree with my point."

"I agree with nothing you say. It's always been your own opinion about the world and I've rarely agreed with how you see things. So why don't you just shut up and let me concentrate."

His eyes softened slightly and she glanced out the window, seeing that they were about to land at the airport helipad and her heart lurched. "The flight's over?"

"Yes," he said and touched her hand gripping the arm of her chair. "Why didn't you ever tell me you were afraid of flying?" he asked gently.

Sasha looked out the window of the helicopter and her heart lurched at his touch. For the moment, she was so relieved that the flight was about to end, her defenses were down and she answered honestly and without anger. "At the time, I wanted to be with you wherever you were in the world more than I was afraid." The massive machine touched down at that moment and she unbuckled her seatbelt, unable to hold his eyes after that revealing statement. She stood up on shaky legs and walked out of the machine, bracing herself for the next flight, unaware of the stunned expression on Dante's face, assuming he was right behind her.

Dante eventually followed her, but it took several moments to recover from her words. They were casual, he thought as he climbed the private jet that would take them from London to Rome. He glanced at her sitting in yet another leather seat, this time only slightly more relaxed than the last flight. How he was going to get her through this take off he hadn't yet figured out. Or even if he was going to try it. He took the seat opposite her instead of next to her and she turned away. That didn't bother him at all. He appreciated the slight, needing to put things back into perspective.

As the plane taxied down the runway, he pulled out several reports and started making notes in the margins, pretending to ignore Sasha and focus only on the numbers. Five minutes later, they were speeding down the runway and he glanced up.

With a curse, Dante unbuckled his seatbelt and moved across to the seat next to her. Safety aside, he grabbed her head and pulled her towards him, surprising both of them with the kiss. It wasn't tentative. He meant for the kiss to be a shock, to distract her until they were airborne and then he would push her away.

But the moment his lips touched hers, his plan was gone. The softness of her lips, the flowery scent of her hair and the feel of her skin under his hands as he held her head still for his caress, they all combined to undo him completely. The insulting kiss he'd meant to deliver changed, his tongue touched her lips, demanding entry and when she opened for him, when he felt her shaking fingers on his hand, the kiss changed, softened, explored. Gone was the anger, leaving in its wake only the tortuous need that had always preceded their lovemaking. There had never been any hesitation with Sasha. She was too vital, too exciting. And his common sense had always been overridden in her presence.

After long minutes where their mouths explored, retuned to each other and furthered their exploration, Dante pulled back, his surprise reflected in her eyes as she stared back at him.

He leaned back and cleared his throat. "We're airborne now," he said, his voice husky and gruff. He jerked away and moved back to the other side of the table, immediately picking up the reports again and writing comments in the margins, acting as if nothing monumental had just occurred.

Sasha sat in stunned silence, watching him become completely absorbed in his work. How he could totally disassociate from that kiss, she'd really like to know. She tried to pretend like it was nothing, but she kept her hands in her lap so he wouldn't know they were shaking so violently.

It had always been like this, she thought.

She remembered the first day she'd met Dante like it was yesterday.....

Bundled up against the cold, biting wind, she'd been lugging her portfolio to the studio, head bent and intent on just getting out of the weather as quickly as possible. She hadn't seen the tall man heading in the same direction so when they both collided into the door at the same time, she'd looked up intending to apologize for being so clumsy. But all words stopped in her throat as she looked up at the most handsome man she'd ever met in her life.

"My fault," he said with a lilting accent that instantly made her heartbeat increase. And his smile....wow! That smile combined with the eyes from the devil, eyes that showed her all the secret delights he'd like to share with her, and she was a gonner.

She tried to pull away, but the wind and her large, leather portfolio were making that awkward. "No, my fault. I wasn't watching where I was going," she said, her hand limply holding the door.

A gust of wind reared up at that moment, pushing the portfolio against her legs, almost causing her to lose her grip. "Goodness," she laughed and held onto her case while trying to keep her hair out of her eyes. "I have to get this inside," she said and stepped back. She didn't need to reach for the door because he already had it opened, waiting for her.

She walked in ahead of him, smiling her shy thanks before ducking her head again and heading into the warmth.

"Robert, here are the paintings," she said and started to hand him the case but Robert ignored her, heading for the man she'd ran into outside the studio.

"Senior Fuitello! It's so good of you to visit our little shop," he gushed, extending his hand to the man she'd walked inside with.

"The pleasure is all mine," he said, shaking Robert's hand, but looking towards Sasha instead of facing Robert.

Instantly, Robert shifted his focus, understanding exactly what the non-verbal language was screaming out between his wealthiest client and his most promising artist. "I see you've met our latest 'find' here at the gallery. May I introduce you to Ms. Sasha Willard? Her paintings have been flying off the walls lately."

He barely acknowledged Robert as he turned to fully face Sasha, not hiding his interest. "I'd like to see your work," he said with that deep, sexy voice that instantly created an intimacy between the two of them, excluding Robert and making the rest of the world disappear.

"Oh...." She blushed and glanced down at her case. "I don't know if these are good enough," she stammered. "I was just bringing them in for Robert's review and opinion. He's sort of been looking at my work and giving me advice lately."

The man didn't bother to respond, but simply raised one eyebrow as if to say, "Let me be the judge." Which, of course, she did. As she unzipped the case, Sasha wondered if everyone followed this man's unspoken orders like that or if he had some sort of weird power over her.

As the man flipped through her work, Sasha found herself biting her lip nervously. Robert's critique was important because he was one of the main players in the European art world. Instinctively, Sasha knew that this man's opinion would matter more to her suddenly muddled mind, and for completely different reasons. He flipped through more than her latest paintings but he also glanced at her sketches and some charcoal drawings she'd been working on recently.

His face revealed nothing and Sasha's heart sank with the rejection. When Robert reviewed her work, she could take his critique and learn from it. A negative response from this man was crushing and painful. With anger, she pulled the case away and started to zip them up. "Robert, we'll discuss these later."

She couldn't look the man in the eyes, too hurt by his rejection of her work, which was personal and therefore a rejection of her. He couldn't know how his opinion had instinctively mattered to her and so it was silly of her to be this sensitive, but she couldn't help it.

He laid a hand on hers, creating instant heat that obliterated the cold, stopping her from closing her portfolio. "I'll take them," he said and turned to Robert. "Have them framed appropriately and sent over to my office."

Turning back to Sasha, he looked down at her with a slight smile. "Have dinner with me tonight."

She had to take a step back, horrified by his outlandish statement. Both of them were outrageous but she focused on the first statement, since it was easier to deal with. She knew how much Robert charged for her pieces and this man hadn't asked the price at all. He might think she was a new artist and was pretty cheap, but Robert was nothing if not mercenary.

"You can't buy all three of them," she gasped and shook her head. "You don't even know the price."

"I want all three. And I want you to have dinner with me. Give me your address and I'll pick you up at eight o'clock."

"But..." she looked from the tall stranger to Robert who was practically salivating at the easy sale. Robert was already pulling the case and all towards him and Sasha knew that her works would disappear into some back room.

She grabbed her case and pulled them back. "Sir, you really should reconsider."

"There's nothing to reconsider. Dinner, eight o'clock." He turned to Robert. "You'll send her address to my office, si?' he said and without waiting for an answer, turned back to Sasha. "Until tonight, mia bella. I look forward to seeing you again."

Sasha watched as the man walked out and turned left, disappearing down the street. When he was out of her sight, she turned back to glare at a gloating Robert, smacking him on the arm. "Don't you dare send all three of those paintings to that man. Just one and you pick out the best one of the selection I brought. And don't gouge him on the one you're going to send over." She bit her lip, worrying that the paintings she brought might not be her best work and her mind frantically sifted through her other pieces, trying to think if she had something better.

Robert laughed heartily. "Sasha, dear, you have no idea who that man is!" He was too delighted with the sale to even tease her but wrapped his arm around her shoulders and hugged her stiff body.

She pushed his arms off her, refusing to be buttered up by the shmoosy man who was going to charge a handsome, interesting stranger too much for paintings he probably didn't even understand. "I don't care who he is. He probably doesn't know the first thing about art and won't know how much you're going to charge him. You be nice!" she ordered, pointing a stern finger at him. "And only send him the second one. He probably can't afford all three."

Sasha turned on her heel and left, fuming that Robert was laughing so hard he couldn't even voice a response. He'd often accused her of being soft hearted, but in this case, she suspected that Robert was perhaps being abusive.

She stormed down the opposite way the stranger had taken and walked all the way to her loft apartment, uncaring about the length or the painfully cold afternoon. After that encounter, she needed time to get the man out of her mind and a punishing walk was exactly what she needed.

At eight o'clock that night, her doorbell rang. She was so preoccupied with her latest painting, she almost didn't answer it. But after the second ring, she thought it might be faster to just answer it and get rid of the person than to endure a third, distracting ring.

"What?" she asked impatiently when the bell rang for a third time because she wasn't fast enough.

Dante looked down at the gorgeous woman from this afternoon with her soft hair piled on top of her head, held there by several pencils pointed at odd angles. There was a smudge of red paint on her left cheek and something he might describe as purple on her nose. "I'm overdressed, aren't I?" he asked, referring to his immaculate charcoal suit, while glancing at her paint spattered overalls and tank top underneath. She wasn't even wearing shoes!

"Overdressed?" she looked at her clothes, then back at him. "Oh my goodness! Dinner?" she gasped, suddenly remembering his order that she accompany him for dinner tonight. "You were serious?"

"I never joke," he replied dryly and stepped into her loft. "But I'm very flexible." He turned to the man who had been standing behind him and said something quickly in Italian. When the man disappeared, Dante shut the door. "We'll dine in since that's obviously your intention."

She stepped out of his way, wondering why she'd allowed him into her loft. She usually hated visitors, especially when she was in the middle of a painting. "How did you find out where I live?" she asked, grabbing a rag that had definitely seen its way around a painting studio and tried to rub the paint off her fingers.

Dante watched for a moment before taking a relatively cleaner rag from a different table and gently wiping her face. Once her nose and cheek were cleared of the paint, he said, "I told Robert to send your address to my secretary. He follows instructions more carefully than you do. I wanted all three paintings. You only allowed Robert to send me one. Why?"

She could barely think with him this close. All she could do was stare at his mouth, wondering what it would be like to be kissed by this man. Raw, she thought. Several other adjectives came to mind and she had to clear her throat before she could answer him. "Um...because Robert charges too much for my paintings."

"I never overpay for anything. I want the other two paintings," he said softly, his eyes roving over her features. "You're very beautiful," he commented. "Tell Robert to send the other two to my office tomorrow."

She thought about just letting him pay what Robert charged him, but an innate sense of honesty and fairness stopped her. "No."

Instantly an eyebrow went up. "No?"

She licked her lips and stepped back. "No. I'm sorry but..."

He chuckled and shook his head. "You really did say no to me, didn't you?"

His hand reached up and touched her cheeks, leaving a streak of fire on her skin. As he tucked a strand of hair back behind one of the pencils, he ran his thumb along her lower lip. "I'm going to kiss you," he said softly.

Again, her heart rate increased. At this rate, she'd be falling on the floor with a heart attack. Reaching behind her, she took a step backwards, only to have him follow her. "No," she whispered and shook her head for emphasis.

"You need to understand something about me," he replied as his fingers traced a path down to her jaw.

"What's that?" she could barely get the words past her lips, so terrified of what she was feeling now. She thought she would die if he kissed her but so powerful was her need to be kissed by him, she thought she might melt into a pool of fizzling water at his feet if he didn't.

"I never take 'no' for an answer." With that, his lips touched hers, his fingers moved to her neck and tilted her head slightly so he could deepen the kiss and Sasha instantly complied, moving closer, her hands resting on his chest, then fisting as his tongue moved against hers, his hands pulling her closer while his mouth plundered hers, tasting, taking, testing her as they both learned what it was like to explode into fire.

She pulled back and looked up at him, her body suddenly on fire. She started to shake her head, but he stopped her with his hand, bringing her head forward for another kiss. Sasha didn't hesitate, bringing her head up to meet him halfway. She was on her toes trying to get closer to him, her body pressing against his and she was stunned when his hand slipped down her arm, leaving a trail of fire in its wake while he moved towards her waist.

She didn't care when his hand slipped underneath the denim of her overalls. Quite the opposite actually. She turned her body so that his hand didn't just touch her waist, but trailed down her side, almost touching her breast which was swollen and aching, ready for his touch. Her hand went for his chest to his shoulders, initially gripping his broad shoulders but then moved up higher, her fingers tangling in his hair, then skimming down to touch the skin of his neck. She was fascinated by his skin and her hand moved downward, her fingers exploring his chest and her head reared backwards when he did the same.

When his fingers touched her nipple, she imitated him and she whimpered with need as his fingers excited her beyond anything she'd ever experienced. She found his nipple and did the same to him, her knees giving out when his touch became rougher, more insistent. She tried to imitate his movement, but she could barely stand and had to grip the lapels of his jacket to hold herself up.

She felt him lift her but she didn't understand until she was suddenly at eye level with him. As she sat on the counter behind her, her legs came up and wrapped around his waist, bringing him closer to her, to the core of her that needed to feel him so powerfully.

With clumsy movement, she unbuttoned his dress shirt, uncaring that his tie was still knotted and his jacket was still on his shoulders. She wanted skin, and the peripherals were outside her range of consciousness at the moment.

With a growl, Dante whipped his tie off and tossed his jacket to the side. He didn't care where it landed but he quickly flicked the buttons on her overalls, then lifted her tank top, growling with approval as he discovered that she wasn't wearing a bra.

He took her hands and held her arms out to the side, giving him freer access to her beautiful breasts. Her legs clenched around his waist when he took her right nipple in his mouth, sucking and laving against the friction, loving the way the lovely breast peaked in his mouth. He paid equal attention to the other one and then made his way downward. When she moved her body against his, he couldn't think any longer. He wanted this woman and he couldn't wait.

With swift movements, he whipped his shirt off, then grabbed her around her waist, swinging around and lowering her to the floor. He took less than fifteen seconds to divest himself of his slacks and the rest of her clothes and thankfully, he took a moment to find protection, but the rest he couldn't have remembered as he sheathed himself in her warmth, only vaguely aware that she cringed a moment during his entrance.

Sasha couldn't think, couldn't move as her fingernails scraped down his back, her hands gripping his shoulders and his back in an effort to make him move faster. She arched against him, gasping slightly with the pain as he took her virginity but her overwhelming need was driving her now. She pulled him closer, her legs wrapping around his waist, her body arching against his and moving to gain that small amount of friction that drove her crazy with need.

He wasn't slow. He wasn't graceful. He didn't care because she was beneath him, driving him crazy with need. He'd never felt like this before, even as a teenager. This woman touched something so deep inside him he wasn't aware of anything except her body moving against his own.

And when he glanced down, mildly aware that she was climaxing, he continued to push against her softness in an effort to give her as much pleasure as she was giving him. And in the end, he couldn't even speak as his orgasm overtook him. He thought he might have groaned or growled or something. But all he was aware of was her soft, silky body and her arms gently wrapping around his shoulders as he fell against her.

A long time later, the doorbell rang and Sasha opened her eyes, a horrified expression forming on her face as she realized what she'd just done. Sitting up, she knocked his hand off her nakedness and looked around. "What....?" her clothes were off to the side and she'd just had sex on the hardwood floor. With a stranger!

She stood up, gathering her clothes and fighting the tears that were now streaming down her face. "Get out!" she hiccupped and almost slapped him when he lithely stood and looked down at her. "Please, just leave," she cried, hiding her face as she tried to pull her clothes back on.

"Sasha, stop it!" he commanded and took her wrists, stopping her from pushing him away any longer. "Look at me," he ordered and waited until she complied. "That's just my body guard bringing our dinner. I told him to go to the restaurant I'd selected to take you tonight and pick up something so we could dine in since you obviously had forgotten about our date." She tried to jerk her hands out of his, but he tightened his grip and pulled her closer. "Listen to me. We're going to have some dinner and talk, okay? There's nothing to be ashamed of here. We're both consenting adults and what we did was not wrong."

She didn't answer him, too ashamed of having sex with a man she didn't know on the floor of her studio. It was a common joke that women paid for dinner with sex but she hadn't even gotten him to take her out! Not that she would have had sex with him afterwards. Obviously, she wasn't the type who was that promiscuous. Or maybe she was, she thought with a horrible thought. She turned away when she caught him sliding on his slacks. He was about to answer the door when she tossed him his shirt. "Please put this on. Don't let whoever that is know that we just did...this...in the amount of time it took for him to go get dinner!"

Dante caught the shirt with one hand and almost chuckled at the idea that his guard wouldn't know what had just happened. He slipped the shirt on his arms, but left it open, not wanting to take the time to button it when he needed to get back to her, to calm her down.

She was a virgin...or had been less than fifteen minutes ago...and she obviously wasn't used to the aftermath of a sexual encounter.

He opened the door and took the two large bags, slamming it shut a moment later and turning back to see that his gorgeous companion was rapidly dressing, in more clothes than she'd had before he'd arrived. In addition to her overalls and tank top, was now wearing a flannel shirt that came down to the middle of her thighs, plus a sweatshirt just for good measure.

"Please, can you just tell me your name?" she asked in a voice that cracked with the emotions she was dealing with.

Dante turned around and watched her carefully. There was no guise to her, just embarrassment and self loathing. He reacted instinctively to both and stopped emptying the bags on to the kitchen counter. He walked over to her and pulled her into his arms, ignoring her resistance and resting his chin against the top of her head. "Believe it or not, this is not the way I'd planned tonight."

He felt her shrug and rubbed a hand down her back. "Maybe tomorrow night," he replied and felt better when he heard her snort of laughter.

"Don't joke," she said, but laughed slightly again.

"I thought I mentioned earlier that I don't joke about anything," he said smoothly and smiled when he heard her laughter once again.

"My name is Dante Fuitello." He pulled back to look down at her. "And you are Saha Willard, painter extraordinaire."

She couldn't look him in the eye, preferring the middle of his chest. "You'll forgive me if I don't say I'm pleased to meet you."

"I will not excuse you. You're acting like what we did was wrong and it wasn't."

Sasha put her hands on his hips, not sure what else to do with them but feeling awkward with his hands around her while her own hands were fisted at her sides. "Well, it's certainly a pleasure to know you're name finally," she said and her forehead dropped against his chest.

Dante's hands rested against her delicate back and he looked up at the ceiling, trying to get control of himself. He'd never let go like that before and damn if he didn't want the same thing to happen again. Even now as her shoulders shook with the emotions she was trying to suppress came out, he felt his body harden and the need that had been assuaged just minutes ago was driving him hard. What was it about this woman that did this to him? He was always in control, always steady and logical. It was the only way to live one's life and here was this tiny woman tossing away years of discipline.

"Let me get our dinner," he said softly. "We'll talk this out and you'll feel better once you have some food in you."

She sniffed and pulled away but stopped when she saw his bare chest. "I'm not hungry," she croaked. And then her hand moved from his waist, her fingers running through the light layer of chest hair and she shuddered. As if in a dream, she reached up and delicately touched the middle of his chest. When she felt his body react, she flattened her palm against his skin, touching him experimentally.

Dante lowered his head and kissed her gently. Just one kiss he promised himself, then he'd set out the food and they would talk.

But her hand moved to the left, covering his nipple and he groaned. The one kiss deepened, her mouth opened to taste him, to feel his tongue and to touch him with her own and Dante's control was lost in the sweet scent of this woman who went up into flames right along with him.

Much later, Dante was staring up at the ceiling again. At least this time they'd made it to her bed, he thought, keeping her hand still against his stomach.

"How about if we have some dinner?" he suggested, trying to catch his breath and stop his mind from contemplating round three.

She had her head buried against his neck and she shivered when he ran his hand up her back. "No, you have to leave," Sasha said, pushing away from him and looking for her clothes while keeping the sheet up over her nakedness. Thankfully she was on birth control to help her with painful periods, so she didn't have an unwanted pregnancy fear to plague her, even though she suspected that he'd used protection as well. There were some small miracles in this world, weren't there?

"I'm not going anywhere until we talk," he replied and stood up, grabbing his boxers and pulling them on.

Sasha looked away after a quick glance and struggled to get her own clothes on while keeping her bed sheet over herself. It was a ridiculous effort since he'd seen every part of her, up close and personal, but it made her feel a bit less vulnerable.

She was already shaking her head and ignoring the fact that he was sliding his gorgeous slacks over those incredible legs. "No talking. We tried that an hour ago." He didn't bother with a shirt this time, finding the effort pointless since he wasn't going anywhere.

"Dinner then. I'm starving." He walked out of her bedroom and back into the main studio area. In the kitchen he looked over the partially emptied bags and finished unloading the food onto her counter. "Do you have a cork screw?" he asked, placing two bottles of wine next to the stack of food containers.

Everything smelled extremely good so she relented about his departure, at least until he had some of the food he'd brought. She could give him that much, she conceded, but not much more. And only because she was suddenly painfully hungry.

"It's in the drawer to your right," she said, not coming close to him in the small kitchen area. Touching this man ended her up in a bad situation. Better to keep her distance.

The guard had brought seafood pasta with a rich, creamy sauce, bread that had probably been soft and warm an hour ago and two bottles of red wine. They sat in silence for a few minutes, eating the delicious food and trying to get some strength back, and some sanity.

"How old are you?" he asked after several minutes of silence.

"Twenty-four."

"You have a great deal of talent for someone so young."

Sasha glanced at the piece she was working on behind her and shrugged. "Thanks. I have a long way to go though." His words might be just a way for him to get her to relax, but she suspected that he wasn't the kind of man who gave out compliments easily or lightly. That idea made his comment all the more meaningful.

He swirled the wine in his glass as he contemplated the picture on the easel, looking at it as he tilted his head and considered the various nuances. "Your use of color is impressive. And I like the fluid lines."

He'd tapped into the one subject she wasn't able to ignore. Discussing art and the various techniques put her at ease and she relaxed slightly, talking about the different styles she'd tried and her preferences, asking him about his own particular interests in both art and other areas of life. The fact that he appreciated art so deeply also gave her a stronger connection to the man sitting across the table from her. A connection she really didn't need because the previous one was already a bit stronger than she was comfortable with.

She stuck with one glass of wine, not wanting to lose her head for a third time tonight. But as the evening turned into night, she started to relax and enjoy his company. He was well versed in so many topics and she loved arguing with him, laughing with him.

By two o'clock that morning, he stood up and Sasha was amazed that she didn't want him to go. She'd been so adamant that he leave earlier in the night but now, faced with the loss of his dynamic presence, she felt almost bereft. Lonely and he was still standing in front of her.

"Let me take you to dinner tomorrow night," he said, his voice low and husky as he stood by her door, Sasha a foot away from him with her hands behind her back.

She looked up at him and her mind told her to reject his offer. This was not a man to play with and she didn't think he would be a long term thing. He had fling written all over him and she would be hurt in the end.

But instead of the gentle 'no' she knew she should say, Sasha found herself smiling and nodding her head. "I won't forget tomorrow night."

He chuckled and twisted the knob on her door. "I didn't mind you forgetting tonight," he said, and laughed softly again when she blushed and looked down.

He bent and kissed her cheek and Sasha held her breath as he pulled away.

He ran a finger down her cheek, the tender caress making her shiver and want more. "Don't look at me like that, mia bella. Or I won't leave you tonight."

Sasha bit her lower lip and glanced away, but it was hard. A very strong part of her mind wanted to tell him to stay, to make love to her until they couldn't see straight but in the end, she was strong and took a deep breath before saying, "I'll see you tomorrow night."

With that, he left and Sasha could barely sleep as she went over in her mind the entire night, wishing she'd had the courage to tell him to stay.

From that night forward, she couldn't stop thinking about him and wondering who he really was. His influence appeared in her painting with stronger colors, lines that weren't as fluid. The paintings were much more confident and bold.

She also worked harder to finish her goals so she could be with him in the evenings. And inevitably, no matter how many times she promised herself that she wouldn't fall into bed with him, the moment they touched, her resolutions flew away with the wind. This man had a hold over her that she didn't completely understand, but it made her feel good, and free and wonderful. Dante made her feel beautiful like no one else had ever done.

One month after their first night together, they were married. Sasha was deliriously happy and couldn't believe how much in love she was. She didn't even want a large wedding, happy to have a civil ceremony where she wore a mid-calf length dress and carried a bouquet of white rose buds. It was perfect even though neither Dana nor Jenna had the chance to stand in attendance for her. She thought the whole world was a great big fairy tale as they traveled back to Italy so she could meet his family.

And that's where the nightmare started. As soon as Dante entered the family palazzo he became a different man. He literally walked through the front door, introduced her to his mother, then kissed her on the cheek and left, telling her he had some business to attend to and he'd be back in time for dinner.

He didn't make it back for dinner that night, nor several other nights. That left Sasha to try and figure out how to deal with a mother in law who was cold and uncaring at best, and openly hostile during her more honest moments. For the first month, Sasha worked hard to figure out why Riasa Fuitello hated her so much but couldn't come up with any reason, other than the fact that Sasha was an outsider and not Italian. Sasha discovered early on that Riasa had had big plans for her son, wanting him to marry the daughter of one of her close friends. At least that's what Nonna Rennata explained one afternoon while Sasha had escaped to the garden to avoid any more confrontations with her mother in law.

"Don't let her get to you, cara," Rennata said gently as she sat down heavily on one of the lounge chairs beside a climbing rose bush. "She can be a nuisance, but deep down, she cares for Dante and Cristalo like no other mother could."

The day she met Dante's brother had been a particularly hard one with Riasa criticizing Sasha's latest work, the jeans she'd been wearing to paint and her tardiness to dinner along with her dinner outfit, which Riasa said wasn't appropriate for a family dinner. It didn't matter that Sasha's dinner slacks and silk shirt were similar to Riasa's, they were simply 'wrong' in Riasa's judgment.

Dante's brother, Cristalo, Sasha found was another friend and confidant, someone she who understood how demoralizing Riasa's comments could be. Cristolo had grown up in the shadow of his older brother Dante, who could do no wrong and Riasa made subtle digs whenever the younger man came around. In school, Dante's grades had always been better and he'd taken harder classes. At university, Dante's achievements had been higher and his friends had been more important. The women Dante dated were always more beautiful than Cristolo's, and on and on.

Cristolo knew instinctively what Sasha was going through and tried to help, intervening on Sasha's behalf when he heard a harsh criticism or not so subtle comment, suddenly showing up for dinner when a friend was desperately needed to counter the seemly constant disparagements and a shoulder to cry on when Sasha didn't have the emotional reserves to deal with a mother in law who had no kind words for anyone.

Eventually, he was also the downfall of her marriage.

While Dante was serious, ambitious and disciplined, hard working and slow to laugh. Cristalo was the exact opposite. He wasn't a workaholic, loved being in the outdoors and was a horrible tease, loving to sneak up on people and tweak their noses or tell a corny joke just to make people laugh. He worked with Dante at the Fuitello headquarters, but he left at a more reasonable time each night, spending many dinners with Riasa and Rennata, searching out Sasha when she avoided the meal, knowing she probably needed a break from his mean-spirited mother.

He was a fast friend and Sasha admired his zest for life, loving the way he always saw the silver lining in any situation. But he was also a coward. He saw how Riasa treated her and couldn't bear to do the same thing to the love of his life. Instead of putting his fiancee through another marriage nightmare like Sasha endured, Cristalo snuck away from the palazzo almost every weekend and several nights a week, spending time at some other location, just so he could be with his lady love. And he never confronted his mother about her treatment, never told her to stop. He considered it Dante's role as head of the family to put a reign on Riasa's behavior and since his older brother wasn't around, he didn't pick up the responsibility.

Cristalo understood the life Sasha lived and came by to check on her, and try and talk to his mother into being nicer without causing an outright confrontation. After a while though, Sasha realized that it was useless and after one particularly horrible argument where she couldn't escape Riata's biting criticism any longer, she ran out into the garden. Unfortunately, running into Cristalo on the way. The tears streaming down her cheeks told him all he needed to know and he wrapped a demoralized Sasha in his arms and led her deeper into the garden, letting her cry on his shoulder and telling her it would all be better, that she just needed to hold on until Dante had a talk with their mother.

Regrettably, that's exactly what Dante walked in on. If their position had been viewed from the front, a person could tell that Sasha was crying and Cristalo was helping. From any other angle, it looked like a lovers' embrace. Since they were hidden in the farthest corner of the large garden, their location only added more evidence in Dante's mind of her infidelity.

And no matter what Sasha said to Dante, he refused to believe that she wasn't having an affair with his brother. In the end, she couldn't get through to him, nor would she live with a man who didn't trust her. She packed up her clothes that very night and took the first train out of the city, leaving behind everything else, including her hopes and dreams of happiness with Dante.

Now, flying back into Rome, she was determined to get a hotel room and spend as much time as possible with Nonna, praying that the elderly friend would somehow get through this latest condition.

"She's strong," Dante said from across the table in Dante's private airplane. "And she's stubborn. She won't die until she sees you."

That's exactly what Sasha was afraid of, she thought. She didn't want Rennata to die at all, much less the moments after their reunion. The elderly lady was like her own grandmother, soft and sweet, always with a hug and a warm heart to listen. She'd been there through the whole thing, had listened to Riata's digs, countering the woman's criticisms and Rennata was never afraid to snap back at her daughter in law when Sasha was trying to play nice.

Sasha tried to focus on the moment and not worry about what could happen. She had to maintain hope that the sweet, old woman would pull through this, and someday laugh off everyone's concerns. But the truth was, Rennata was over eighty years old and her body couldn't go on forever. No matter how strong Sasha saw the gentle lady, there came a point when one's body simply gave in and moved on. "Can I see her tonight? Or would it be better to wait until the morning?"

Dante glanced at his watch. "She's probably asleep now so it would be better to wait until the morning. I'll drive you to the hospital myself."

"No need. I'll just get a hotel room by the hospital so I can walk."

His gaze sliced over to hers sharply. "You will stay at the palazzo," he replied firmly.

She was already shaking her head. "I'm not stepping into that house again, Dante."

"You will not embarrass me by staying at a hotel. You are my wife," he replied angrily. "You will stay at the house and I will be by your side when you talk to my grandmother. Otherwise, I'll make sure you never even get into the parking lot of that hospital and I'll tell my grandmother that you refused to come."

Sasha was stunned by his anger and fell back into her seat. "You'd do that to a dying woman? Just to save your precious reputation?"

"I will not be embarrassed. You left me once and the rumors were all over the town about why."

"Why didn't you just tell everyone that I had an affair with your brother? If you think it's true, why keep my reputation so pure?"

"Family business is not fodder for the gossip mills. I added nothing to the rumors by providing an explanation for your abandonment, nor will I provide any explanation for your current reappearance."

"Isn't that a bit inconvenient? Why don't you just divorce me and get on with marrying your mother's selection?"

He turned away, dismissing her comments as if they were ridiculous in his mind. "My mother's preferences in my personal relationships have no weight in my mind. I wish you would keep your personal opinions about my mother to yourself."

"I have never spoken to anyone about your mother. Or about you. Our marriage is over. We should just get a divorce and move on with our lives."

His features were tight with the anger he was restraining with her comments. "You're my wife. We do not divorce in this family."

She looked at him curiously, wondering why he was being so adamant about an issue he must surely want resolved just as much as she did. "Isn't that a bit archaic?"

He didn't bother to respond since the plane had come to a stop on the runway and the flight attendant had just opened the doors. "Let's go," he said, standing up and walking out of the plane.

He didn't even look back to see if she was following but went directly to the waiting limousine. Sasha took her time, not wanting to hurry out behind him like some little puppy eager to please. She gathered up her purse and re-stacked the magazines, purposely trying to stall just to make sure he had to wait for her.

She slipped into the vehicle, proud of standing up for herself, even if it was a bit petty.

"In addition to infidelity, I see you've learned to make me wait for you."

"That's rich," she scoffed, instantly furious. "Do you have any idea how many cold dinners I endured because I was waiting for you to come home? And those were only the nights when you told me you'd be there. Let's not even talk about the nights you spent eighteen hours at the office."

"We're not rehashing this. I'm a busy man with important issues to deal with."

She looked at him, astonished. "You realize what you're saying, don't you?"

"That I have a great deal of responsibility? Yes, I thought you understood that."

She tried to keep the hurt out of her voice but she wasn't sure she was able to keep it from her eyes. "No. You're actually admitting that you consider work more important than me. That you think all the other people who needed a portion of your time were higher on the list than your wife. Is it any wonder I would rather stay in a hotel, than to endure that kind of attitude?"

"You're being ridiculous."

"Ah, the standard response whenever there's a complaint."

"And you had plenty, if I remember correctly."

"I sure did. As soon as we arrived in Italy, you became a stranger. And wouldn't let me in. So what was I to do?"

"I gave you a generous allowance. I didn't care how you spent it."

"I had my own money! I wasn't some dependent that you needed to coddle. I was your wife and wanted your time. I didn't need an allowance from you. I never spent any of your damn money."

He raised a sardonic eyebrow at her response. "Then where did that closet full of clothes come from? Always new ones appearing and every event showed you in a new outfit."

Another sticking point, she thought with resignation. And this was one she'd never had the courage to bring up with him. She'd been too embarrassed by her lack of style and elegance to tell him about Riasa's demoralizing comments. "Your mother determined what was appropriate for me to wear. She actually laid out my clothes for most of the events we attended. The few times I ignored her and made my own selections, she criticized me so unmercifully that I didn't dare try it again. Public humiliation isn't my cup of tea."

"My mother would never embarrass you in public," he snapped back.

She looked over at him, contemplating the benefits of trying to convince him. She had no idea what words she could convey to him to explain the small, snide comments his mother tossed her way when they were out on their social calls, visits his mother insisted Sasha accompany her on as a member of the Fuitello family. But there really was no way she could repeat the words Riata had said, nor the pitying looks the others had tossed her way after hearing the other woman's scathing comments. Only one of two things would happen. In the slim possibility that he would believe her this time, he would become angry with Riasa and confront her, which would only cause more tension between Sasha and Dante's mother. Since Sasha planned to be in Rome only for the small amount of time Nonna Rennata needed her, it would do no good to create enemies between a mother and her son. Their time was over so what good would it do to create strife in their relationship?

And if he didn't believe her, she wouldn't be in any better position than she was now. So there really was no benefit to this conversation.

She shrugged and looked out the window. "If you say so."

Dante watched her profile for a long moment as the city lights sped by outside the car. She was an astoundingly beautiful woman and he didn't blame himself for falling for her allure. But blaming his mother for her unhappiness was really beyond the pale. He'd always thought she was more intelligent and fair.

He cursed and turned to look out his own window, trying to dismiss her from his mind. She'd bewitched him once and that had caused a betrayal that had gone deeper than she would ever know. Better to get her to the hospital and out of Rome before she caused any additional damage.

As the luxurious car pulled up to the palazzo, Sasha's whole body tensed with the fear of facing the woman who had created so much strife. She wanted desperately to go to a hotel but how could she do that? Perhaps she could slip out later tonight, catch a cab and find a hotel close to the hospital and Dante didn't need to know anything about it. He was rarely home anyway so she might be able to pull it off.

With a sigh, she realized that wasn't a good plan. Besides the security system Dante had installed in his home was top of the line and Sasha had never been able to figure out how to shut it off, she really didn't want to hurt or embarrass Dante right now. He genuinely loved his grandmother and Rennata was such a sweet woman. Sasha could deal with anything Riasa dealt out as long as she got to see Rennatta in the morning.

"You're clothes are still where you left them," he said as he left the car.

"I won't need any of them since I'll only be going back and forth to the hospital. And I'll sleep in a guest room," she said, head bowed and walking straight ahead.

He didn't even bother to turn around to acknowledge her comment. "Whatever you choose," he said as he walked inside, nodding distractedly to the housekeeper as she opened the door upon their arrival.

She shivered as she felt his hand at the small of her back and tried to walk faster to avoid his touch. But the housekeeper was standing at the entryway, smiling benignly. "Buena sera, Signore, Signora Fuitello."

"Buena sera," Dante replied instantly. "My wife will require dinner before she retires," he said and then disappeared into his office, leaving Sasha standing awkwardly in the entry way.

She smiled politely at the housekeeper, trying to be gentle but firm. "I don't really need anything to eat," she said. "If you could just show me to a guest room, I'd like to settle down and make some calls."

Never one to ignore her employer's commands, she smiled and shook her head. "You must eat," the kind housekeeper said and motioned for Sasha to follow. "I make you dinner."

Sasha was frustrated that no one in this household seemed to take her seriously. Did she look like an incompetent child? "No, thank you. I'm going to head on upstairs and retire," she said firmly and headed in the opposite direction, glad to be free from eyes that would be wondering what she was doing here.

From memory, she went to the bedroom farthest away from the one she and Dante had shared during their brief marriage. The room was dark with the curtains drawn and it had a musty smell to it, as if no one had entered in a long time. She turned on several lights, then found the linens which were in a chest at the bottom of the bed. She quickly made the bed, then went to the bathroom and showered, glad there were some toiletries available. Pulling on an old tee shirt, she sighed happily as she slid between the clean sheets into the luxurious bed. This was definitely something she'd missed, the amazingly comfortable bed and almost silk like sheets, the large mattress she didn't have to sleep on sideways to avoid bumps and sags. As she drifted off to sleep, she promised herself that replacing the old mattress and bed she'd been sleeping on for the past year would be a priority. This really was a nice way to go.

Dante tried hard to focus on the work piling up but by midnight, he accepted that he was making little or no progress on the pressing issues facing him. It was all because of Sasha, sleeping away upstairs. He didn't want to go up there, but he found himself shutting down his computer and walking up the stairs. As he stared down the hallway, he wondered which room she'd chosen. There had been times when all the bedrooms had been full with guests or family here to visit. The house had been pretty quiet since his father's death and he realized at that moment that he genuinely missed all the activities and happenings that occurred while he was around.

As for his wife's whereabouts, he guessed correctly on the first try but had to shake his head over her choice. He assumed that she was trying to be as far away from him as possible, but the irony was, she was right next to his room. He'd moved out of their suite when she'd left, not wanting to be surrounded by anything she might have left behind, not to mention the flowery scent he'd loved so much about her. The scent only infuriated him now, tossing pictures of her in his brother's arms into his mind, an image that still disturbed him even now, no matter how hard he'd tried to shut down his feelings for her.

After several moments of watching her sleep, he cursed and left the room, closing the door quietly.

Chapter 2

Sasha was up bright and early the following morning, calling the hospital to find out when visiting hours started. She wanted to be there as early as possible to be with Rennata, to try and give her some support and encouragement to fight whatever was going on with her elderly body. She heard something in the room next to hers, but thought it was just one of the many servants cleaning. She contemplated skipping breakfast, not wanting to run into Riasa, but in the end, she was just too hungry since she'd missed both lunch and dinner the previous day.

She braced herself as she walked into the dining room and sure enough, the woman was sitting at the long, formal table, a cup of espresso by her elegant elbow as she read the morning newspaper. Sasha stood in the doorway for a long moment, contemplating the woman who had caused her so much torment during her marriage. She looked the same, but Sasha could see the fine lines on her face, especially around her mouth because she frowned or pursed her lips so often. Her dark hair was smoothly coifed into a twist on the back of her head, not a hair out of place to mar the perfection of her patrician profile and she wore the black, designer suit with pearls as if she were heading into the office for an important meeting.

Who wore suits for breakfast anymore, when all they were required to do was to ensure that the household ran smoothly. With only two people living in the house, that chore couldn't be very difficult. It occurred to Sasha that she couldn't remember Riasa doing anything during the day besides a series of visits to 'important people' each Wednesday. How did the woman fill her day? How did she spend her time and fill her life with value and excitement. Sasha wasn't even sure if she took vacations besides moving from the palazzo in Rome to the family summer home in Tuscany. Sasha had never visited that house, but she suspected that Riasa did the same things in Tuscany that she did here in Rome, which possibly wasn't a great deal.

Could that be the reason for her animosity towards other living beings? Jealousy that she had nothing better to do with her life other than review dinner menus?

Not her problem, Sasha thought to herself and considered her breakfast options.

She could walk out and find a small cafe to grab some breakfast, or she could sneak into the kitchen to find something to eat. She didn't mind making her own meals if it meant not being belittled by Dante's mother. In the end, she smelled the delicious scents of the buffet style breakfast and her stomach growled, making up her mind for her. She was simply too hungry and too poor of a cook herself to avoid grabbing something to eat. So instead of launching out on her own and finding a meal, she bravely walked into the dining room.

She forced a sunny disposition, trying to appear good natured as if she'd let bygones be bygones from the past. "Good morning Riasa. It's been a while. How have you been?" Sasha asked politely as she walked over to the breakfast bar which was laid out with various breakfast foods and an urn of coffee. The smell of the scrambled eggs and some sort of sausage tempted her and she gazed with longing at the fresh tomatoes and mozzarella cheese drizzled in olive oil. She'd missed these kinds of breakfasts. Normally, Italians ate only coffee and some sort of biscuit but Dante preferred a full breakfast each morning and Sasha had always loved coming down to discover what delicious surprises were available.

Riasa glanced at Sasha's jeans and tee-shirt disdainfully as she carefully folded the newspaper and placed it beside her before picking up her coffee. "Ah, the prodigal daughter in law. I can't say it's nice to see you. But I guess we all have our cross to bear."

Sasha was proud that her hand didn't start shaking as she selected a piece of toast and some juice. Somehow, her appetite had deserted her with those sarcastic words. Trying hard to rise above the evil woman's anger, Sasha took a deep breath and sat down at the table. "I'm very sorry to hear about Rennata," she replied, swallowing the lump that formed in her throat with the fear for the older woman's health. "And I'm very glad Dante came to get me."

"Don't disturb her!" Riasa ordered, standing up with fury shining through her eyes. "I can't believe my son gave in to my mother's request but understand that you are not welcome in this house!"

"Mother!" Dante's voice boomed from the doorway.

Riasa had the grace to look embarrassed but she regrouped quickly. "I'm sorry Dante. But what this...." She looked over at Sasha with contempt, "woman," she finally said with scorn, "did to you, to this family, was just unconscionable." With that, she swept out of the room but left one parting remark. "See if you can get her into something more presentable before she leaves the house. She might have left you, but she still represents this family."

Sasha looked down at her jeans and cotton top, knowing it was the best she had. She hadn't bothered to pack anything that would wrinkle...and then she stopped thinking that way. She was here for Rennata, and not to impress the rest of Roman society. She wouldn't even be seen by anyone since she was planning to be at the hospital or a hotel, or here if that was the only option.

"I'm not changing," she said to Dante and took a seat at the table.

"I don't expect you to," he replied and went over to get himself a cup of coffee. He had to admit that she actually looked pretty cute and sexy in her jeans and pink tee shirt. She reminded him of a sultry, sophisticated seductress, with curves in all the right places and his hands itched to explore those curves underneath the fabric. He turned away and took a seat at the table, forcing his mind to go over the business details he had on his schedule today. "We'll leave for the hospital whenever you're ready."

That news startled her. "I can get there on my own. No need to delay your work in order to escort me." Or more to the point, she didn't want to be around him, she thought, hiding her hands underneath the dining room table.

He sipped his coffee and skimmed the news articles of the paper his mother had recently discarded. "I can wait. I didn't get a chance to visit Nonna yesterday so I'd like to stop by and see her, talk with the doctor and get an update."

She couldn't argue with that logic. She quickly ate her toast and swallowed her juice, then stood up, not wanting to delay him. "I'm ready," she said.

He glanced down at her plate with only a few leftover crumbs, then at her loose jeans. "You need to eat more than that."

She shrugged on her denim jacket, prepared to leave. "I'm fine. Really, I'd rather see Renatta than eat anything else."

He watched her carefully. "You've lost too much weight and you didn't eat anything for dinner last night. Why don't you have some eggs or even some fruit."

She pulled up her purse, checking to make sure she had everything she might need. "How do you know I didn't eat any dinner last night?" She wanted to appear unconcerned, but her shoulders were tense as she waited for his answer.

"You'd be surprised at what I know about in this house," he countered.

"I would be. If you had, none...." She started to say, then shook her head. "Never mind. Let's just head to the hospital."

Dante hesitated, knowing that she needed more food but then dismissed his concern. He couldn't force her to eat and she was an adult. If she wanted to starve herself, who was he to stop her? It went against everything in him though and he turned away before he ordered her to eat some fruit. An order she would ignore anyway, so why give it?

The drive over was slow since they had hit traffic in the middle of rush hour. The tension inside the car was painful but Sasha refused to talk to him, knowing that it wouldn't do any good and they'd just end up arguing anyway.

At the hospital, he led her through the clinical hallways to a private wing, of course donated by the Fuitello family, where Rennata was being treated.

When Sasha saw the elderly lady with tubes attached to her nose and her arm, a clamp around her finger and dim light above her head, her heart cried out at the injustice of all of this. "Rennata!" she gasped, rushing to her side and taking her wrinkled, weak hand. "What have you done to yourself?" Her eyes searched the beeping monitors, trying to glean some information from the numbers and dots.

The sweet lady turned and smiled weakly, despite all the tubes running from her nose down and arm. "You came," she croaked and looked behind Sasha to smile at Dante. She lifted her other hand and Dante went around the bed to hold it. "I'm so glad the two of you are together again. You need to renew your vows now that the silliness of that misunderstanding has been resolved."

Sasha's eyes sliced to Dante's and she shook her head. "Rennata..." she started to say, but caught Dante's head shake and stopped.

The woman looked at Sasha. "Dante knows you didn't have an affair with Cristolo." She chuckled, which turned into a cough. "He's just scared. Don't let him do that," she said when the coughing fit was over.

Turning to Dante, she clenched his hand. "You're a good man. You love her deeply so you run scared. Don't be. Let her love you and you'll be happier for it," she said, then closed her eyes.

Sasha glanced around the room, panicking when she thought that Rennata had just passed away. But the heart monitor kept up its steady rhythm so she realized that Rennata had only fallen asleep and hadn't died.

"Come with me," Dante ordered, placing Rennata's hand gently by her side as he motioned for Sasha to follow him into the hallway.

Sasha followed him out, her worried eyes straining to see the more vital woman she remembered. But all she saw was a weakened elderly lady struggling for life and Sasha had to stifle a cry of despair and fear that God would take this woman from her life.

Out in the hallway, Dante turned and glared at her. "If she thinks we're back together, you'll do nothing to disabuse her of that notion," he commanded sternly.

He wouldn't get any argument from Saha. She'd do anything to make sure Rennata recovered, even if it meant lying about her relationship with Dante. "Of course not. If it makes her feel better to think that we've worked things, I'm all for it." She crossed her arms over her stomach and turned slightly away from him. "I know you won't believe this, because you don't believe anything I say, but that woman means a great deal to me. She was always there for me while I lived here."

He looked at her curiously. "Are you saying I wasn't there for you?"

Startled, Sasha shook her head. "You were very busy. I know you enjoy your work," she said and turned away, not wanting to argue with him right at the moment, even though her resentment over his work and the long hours he'd spent at his office had made her lonely and angry that he'd preferred the company of his vice presidents over being at home with her.

He sighed heavily and ran his hand through his hair. "Will you stay for a bit longer?"

"I always intended to stay until she either..." her voice cracked and she shook her head, "or she recovered."

She saw his jaw clench before he nodded. "Thank you. It means a lot to me that you're willing to do this."

She stood up straighter, not wanting him to get the wrong idea. "I'm here for her. Not for you, Dante."

"Fair enough. I'll drive you back."

"No, I'll stay here. I just want to be with her for a little while longer." She could tell that he was going to argue and she stopped him with a gentle hand to the middle of his chest. "I won't disturb her. I'll just sit with her and hold her hand. Maybe read something to her if she wakes up. I promise I won't be a bother."

He reluctantly agreed. "As long as you take a break and eat something a little later," he compromised.

"Deal," she sighed and smiled up at him, then looked away with a blush she hoped he didn't see. She quickly walked back into the private room and took up a silent vigil, taking Rennata's hand in hers and trying to soothe the woman with her strength. "You're going to be okay, Nonna," she said, taking back the title she'd used when she'd lived with Dante. "Please get better so we can continue our e-mail arguments together. I really look forward to each e-mail or text from you. They're the highlight of my week and you know it. So if you can hear me, please know how important you are to me. You're my only link and I just don't know how I'll go on if you can't pull through this."

Dante listened at the door, confused by his wife's words. She had been e-mailing his grandmother? That didn't make any sense. His grandmother didn't even have a computer much less know how to e-mail someone. She was an old fashioned lady who didn't like technology.

He let the door close softly behind him and made his way out of the hospital, intending to come back later this afternoon to check on both of them.

Sasha sat beside the woman all day, reading a newspaper, and then a book she found at the bookstore when she went for some coffee around lunch time. When Rennata woke up in the early afternoon, she turned to Sasha and smiled. "You haven't eaten anything today, have you child?"

Sasha was so excited that the woman had woken up again, she gripped her hand lightly. "Yes. You can't put that one on me today."

Rennata smiled weakly but her eyes were twinkling with humor. "What have you eaten?" she asked

That got her and Sasha grimaced. "Okay, so just some juice and toast this morning. But if you promise to get just marginally better this afternoon, I promise that I'll eat an entire pizza all by myself tonight for dinner. Is it a deal?"

Rennata shook her head slightly, amused by Sasha's attempt at negotiating. "You're a horrible child," she said teasingly. "But you have a deal."

"Good. I'll call in the doctor if you don't mind."

She sighed with resignation and let her hand fall back on the cotton blankets covering her legs. "He won't be able to do anything."

"Even so, let's let him check on you, okay?"

The doctor arrived moments later and while the nurse took Rennata's blood pressure and temperature, the doctor looked at Rennata's eyes and chart. "It's good that she's woken up twice today. And for longer periods. That's a good sign," he smiled at Sasha and patted Rennata's hand gently. "I'm going to increase your medicine just slightly but let me know if you start to feel sick, okay?" he asked.

Rennata nodded her head and the nurse and doctor left, conferring outside the room.

"I win," Rennata whispered a moment before she slipped back to sleep.

Sasha stared at the woman for a long moment, then laughed and hugged her gently before resuming her seat beside her bed. "You're a diabolical woman, Nonna," she whispered.

That night, she took a cab back to the palazzo, carrying a large box of pizza with extra cheese, sausage and pepperoni.

"You missed dinner," Riasa said and looked at Sasha up and down. "You've been gone all day long and you finally come back with takeout food? Is our food not good enough for you now?"

Sasha smiled brightly and shook her head. "You have a fabulous cook. I made a deal with Rennata though and I have to follow through with it." She left a speechless Riasa staring after her as she went out the back door to the patio. Under the stars, she opened up the pizza box and sat back on one of the chaise lounges. Picking up a slice of the gooey, cheesy slice, she hungrily took the first, delicious bite, sitting back to truly enjoy a real, Italian pizza.

"What are you doing out here?" Dante's deep voice asked from the darkness.

Sasha jumped and looked around, the second bite of her pizza still in her mouth. She swallowed quickly and looked around, finding him leaning against a tree to the left of the patio, a glass of wine in his hand.

"I could ask you the same question."

He strode out of the darkness, coming into a small circle of dim light streaming down from one of the second story rooms. "I went back to the hospital to get you for dinner but they said you'd already left."

"I made a promise to Rennata," she said, laughing and looking back at the light from the house. "I'm following through, despite your mother's horror at a commercial pizza being brought into the house."

Dante chuckled and stepped forward. "You promised her to eat a pizza if she got better, eh?"

"Yep. And not five minutes later the doctor declared her better. I swear that woman is more fiendish than you ever could be. I think she missed her true calling. She should have gone into business with you and between the two of you, you could have ruled the world by now."

"You sound like you enjoy her company."

"I think she's very special."

He sat down on the end of her chaise lounge and started to take a slice of her pizza but she slapped his hand away. "Not going to happen," she said and took a bite of her slice, a challenging smile on her face.

"You obviously don't remember the last time you smacked my hand," he replied ominously.

Sasha was grateful for the darkness that hid her blush. The last time she'd been so daring, they were in bed and she smacked his hand for tickling her. In response, he took both her hands and his tie, looping the silk around her wrists and tying them together, latching them to the bed and having his wicked way with her. At the time, she'd initially been horrified at what he was doing but she quickly became a convert. Even returning the favor although he only allowed her to tie his hands. When he'd had enough of her teasing, he easily ripped her scarf off and grabbed her, again having his own way with her which she hadn't minded in the least.

Sasha cleared her head. "We're in a different world now," she said as primly as possible, pushing that memory out of her mind.

"Are we?" he asked softly and took a piece of pizza. "What have you been up to today?"

Sasha swallowed painfully and looked away, amazed that he could capture her mind so easily. Hadn't the last year taught her anything?

She cleared her throat. "Nothing special. I went to the hospital."

"Did you eat lunch?"

She tossed the pizza crust down on the cardboard box before taking another slice. "What is it with you and my eating habits?" She knew it was heresy in a culture that thrived on bread like the Italians, but Sasha only liked the cheesy part of the pizza and left the parts without any sauce or cheese.

"You've lost a great deal of weight. You were always thin to begin with but now you're....gaunt. Why is that? What's happened over the past year that you've so lost yourself?"

She turned her head away slightly, angry that he would be so callous about how she'd felt after his accusations. "You have to ask?"

"Is it because of me?"

She considered how to answer him and thought it was best to just leave things unsaid. "We hurt each other a great deal. Let's just figure out how to move on, okay?"

He was quiet as he contemplated her answer. In the end, he nodded. "Fine," he said and walked away, the pizza slice he'd stolen only half eaten. It was odd, but she'd never known Dante to just give in on an argument. She'd been bracing for a fight so when he walked away, she was a bit stunned.

She felt sad after that, and despite her promise to Rennata, she couldn't eat another bite. She closed the box of pizza and curled up on the chaise lounge, staring up at the stars. "What am I to do?" she whispered to the stars. She didn't expect an answer and didn't get one, but she felt better for trying to figure things out. She realized that, over the past year, she'd been walking around in a trance, fighting the feelings of hurt and anger, of betrayal, that she'd felt when Dante had accused her of something so vile.

Sleeping with his brother made no sense, she thought. Before she'd met Dante, she'd resisted so many men because they weren't what she was looking for. Even he had been surprised that she hadn't been with another man until he came along. That first night together, he'd been so supportive when she'd been upset by their activities and yet at the first test of their relationship, he'd thought the worst, even though he had evidence that she wasn't promiscuous, wasn't the type of person to jump in bed with men just to scratch an itch.

She fell asleep curled up like that and didn't feel the strong arms that wrapped around her later that night. When she felt the soft mattress underneath her, she stretched out like a kitten and pulled the pillow closer, almost purring when the warm blanket covered her, keeping her warm despite the cool night.

Dante watched the woman he'd married in such a crazy fashion and wondered again why he hadn't seen the signs that she was having an affair. As she pulled the pillow closer, he remembered how she had curled into him every night when he'd come to bed, never pushing him away.

Maybe that was why he'd been so duped. A woman having an affair with another man didn't need the attentions of her husband but Sasha had never rejected him. She'd always been just as passionate as that first time together.

In the back of his mind, he admitted that he wanted that passion back. Not with this woman. No, he'd never trust Sasha again. Too many accusations had flown between the two of them to go back. He wanted her, no doubt. But there wasn't a man who was breathing who wouldn't want this seductress with her animated brown eyes and her long hair that floated around him just like her flowery scent. He wanted desperately to touch her silky skin, to feel her legs wrap around his waist and to sense her need, hear her calls and sighs of happiness as he filled her up.

But never again, he told himself, backing up from the bed and closing the door behind himself. Once a sucker, and never again. He had to brace himself against her. She would lure him in just like she did the first time and he didn't want her anymore. Not like that.

Chapter 3

Sasha looked around, enjoying the sunshine and, although she felt guilty about this part, she enjoyed the relative freedom of the dreary hospital room. It was exceptionally nice by hospital standards because Rennata had a private room but at a very basic level, there wasn't much one could do to brighten up a hospital room.

She was also exhausted from the worry for Rennata. While she read out loud, Sasha's eyes kept glancing up to Rennata's face, checking the color then moving to all the monitors to make sure her heart was still beating and measuring if her heart rate was increasing, if her blood pressure was adequate, was there enough oxygen mixing through her body to help her heart heal properly?

All the possibilities were wearing her down. With her creative mind, she kept coming up with the worst case scenario and they all ended in tragedy. Sasha forced her mind to be positive, but that took a great deal of energy.

So the sunshine and the open air, the release from the constant monitor scanning, was a break that she knew she needed.

She had no idea where she was going or what she might do, but even the aimlessness felt good.

Sasha smiled as she walked down the sidewalk away from the hospital building. The spring was slowly creeping into the air. Along with the sunshine and longer days, the daffodils were starting to pop up from their winter hiding place. Spring was always an exciting time for Sasha but she honestly couldn't remember what had occurred during last year's springtime. She'd just left Dante and had hidden herself away in her cottage for so long, she wasn't even sure when it had started and when she'd finally woken up and started painting again.

She almost laughed at how life turned around because she was more than making up for her lack of productivity last year by creating wonderful pieces lately. Even the past week had given her so many new ideas she had trouble getting all of them onto canvas. Many of them were unfinished though. She had too many ideas and not enough time. Even though the sunshine felt good and she had unfinished paintings, she wouldn't give up her time with Rennata for anything. The woman was so sweet and had been such a gift to her both during her marriage and afterwards, she wanted to be there for her, no matter what happened.

Sasha was actually afraid to be optimistic about Rennata's health. The doctors seemed to be more positive and Rennata really did look better. She was talking more and almost sitting up at times. But she wasn't eating solid food yet. And she still tired so easily that she slept a significant portion of the day, another issue that was concerning.

As she walked, she didn't really have a purpose except to expend the time outside the hospital while the doctors ran x-rays on Rennata to determine if her lungs were clearing up after an infection yesterday started to develop.

At the corner, Sasha looked to the right and left. One way took her down a cobbled street with smaller shops and some sort of tall, stone building at the end. To the right looked like small shops with brightly colored items for sale hanging on doors and awnings.

Sasha didn't really feel like shopping, wasn't in the right kind of mood for that. So she went to the left, just curious about this direction and the stone building at the end. There were quaint little houses crowded together but not in a bad way. It was one of those older neighborhoods with the narrow streets and three or four story homes that had probably been here for centuries. There were shutters on some, gauzy curtains blowing gently from others and at the end of the street, there was a beautiful church with a large stained glass window over a bright red double door. The steps leading up to the open doorway were worn from years of use and the hinges looked to be so old she wasn't sure how the doors stayed on the building. But there was a solid feeling to all of it.

Inside, the church was dark with weathered grey stone on the floors and dark wooden pews. The only light was coming from the front where everything was bright.

Sasha was charmed by the church and slid into one of the pews. She didn't think about much, but simply sat there, enjoying the peace and quiet of the sanctuary. There was something nice and different about this church; nothing modern in any space, but everything seemed in working order. As Sasha looked up at the pulpit, she could imagine that the stone was a perfect sounding board for the priest as he rang out his sermon.

She actually smiled at the idea of Riasa sitting in one of the pews, listening to the minister talk about the charity and kindness all should offer to their neighbor. The woman probably didn't know how cruel her words came across. Or maybe she did and simply didn't care.

After several moments, Sasha closed her eyes and thought about all the problems she had in her life right now. The only good thing she had at the moment was her painting, but she couldn't release the work she'd done recently. It was too personal. But it was good, and she was learning from everything she did.

It was hard, she thought with a sigh, but she was coming out of the past year stronger. She needed to stand up to Riasa, and not let the woman get through her defenses so easily. In the past, she'd waited for Dante to step in and handle the situation since it was his mother, but he wasn't going to do anything, and she wasn't willing to wait any longer, even if she had only a small amount of time left before Rennata was well enough to come home.

She also needed to step outside of herself and start living again. She needed to laugh and love and move forward. He heart wrenched painfully at the idea of leaving Dante permanently and maybe she wasn't ready to move forward there. She definitely didn't want to start dating again and the idea of filing for divorce, for taking an action so final, was out of the question. In time, she would figure out what to do about her marriage, but right now, she would push that to the back of her mind.

But what if something happened to Rennata? Would she be strong enough to deal with that?

Please, please, she begged in her mind, please don't let anything happen to that tender, sweet, loving woman who's only sin was to....well, Sasha didn't know what Rennata's sins were. They were there, no doubt. Rennata was one who lived life to the fullest and that was bound to generate mistakes. But at least she lived. Which was much more than Sasha had been doing lately.

Yes, it was time to re-start life. She needed to get back to a happy place. Dante was a wonderful, handsome man who made her feel more than anyone else ever had and possibly ever would. But he didn't want her, no matter how vehemently she claimed her innocence to the accusations he tossed her way.

She took a deep breath and opened her eyes. The world was still the same, but she felt much better. It was as if she'd unburdened herself and she could walk away with a spring in her step. She didn't have the answers. Yet. But something inside her felt stronger. As if she could actually start looking for those answers once again. And not be afraid of what she might find.

She walked quietly down the aisle, her whole body feeling better than she had in a long time.

She pushed the doors open and blinked at the bright sunshine and smiled as she walked back down the steps. Glancing at her watch, she was surprised at how long she'd spent inside the church. It had been over an hour?

Not possible. She still had time though. The nurse helping Rennata to her tests had mentioned that it would take a while before Rennata would be back in her room since the doctor had ordered a whole series of tests besides the x-ray.

She walked down the street, passing by the cross street that she would turn back on to return to the hospital. Deciding to spend a bit of time relaxing with a cup of coffee, she suspected she could find a small cafe down the opposite way. She glanced at the various stores, but nothing really caught her eye. After only a few minutes, she found a coffee shop and bakery and was able to relax with a newspaper and a cappuccino, enjoying the sunshine more than anything else.

"Sasha Fuitello?" a female voice said, interrupting Sasha's mental contemplation of Rennata's health.

Sasha turned and looked around, spotting a woman with dark hair and dark sunglasses. "Jenna?" Sasha asked, looking at the woman who was dressed so beautifully. When she finally realized that this truly was her old friend, she jumped up and hurried across the cafe. "Oh my goodness! I can't believe it's really you! Where have you been?"

Jenna laughed and hurried over to her college friend. "I've been in Greece trying to save my father's company," she said with a flippant grin. "How have you been? You haven't answered my phone calls or e-mails. I know you and Dante were having problems but...."

Sasha interrupted Jenna, needing clarification about her friend's family as well as a distraction from the questions Sasha knew were coming. "What do you mean? Your father was always flying into town and taking us all out for dinner."

"Yes, but during our last year at school, things got a little out of hand."

"Tell me all about it. I've missed you!" Sasha said and hugged her friend once again as they sat down. A waitress arrived and they got two more cappuccinos and Sasha leaned forward, eager to hear about her friend. Jenna talked about how her father's business had been threatened by a business man who Jenna described as a shark and mean spirited, until she married him. Sasha told her all about her own husband and the issues surrounding their breakup and why she was here in Italy now.

They talked for hours, laughing and catching up. "Goodness, I have to go. My husband is expecting me back soon. I told him I'd be home about now." Just as she was picking up her purse, her cell phone rang and she grinned to Sasha as she answered the call. "Hello dear," she answered immediately, winking at Sasha who was looking on jealously. "I'm on my way back now. I'll see you in fifteen minutes."

She hung up and turned to grab her purse. "By the way, I'm having a dinner party tomorrow night with some of Hector's buddies while he's in town. Please tell me you'll come."

Sasha laughed at Jenna's overabundance of energy. "Not a chance," Sasha replied and picked up her own purse, putting several bills on the table to pay for the coffees. "I'm spending all my time here with Rennata or trying to get some work done."

"You can't work all the time. You tried that in college and look where it landed you, married to a guy that you love but can't live with. And there aren't visiting hours at night, so you don't have any excuse." Jenna waited only long enough to catch Sasha's inability to counter her arguments. "Just come tomorrow night and have some dinner. All the men are boring, married guys who are financial people. I need you there to help me through the evening. Remember how we'd get through the college parties? All three of us in a corner laughing and having a great time? It will be just like that and we'll e-mail Dana and tell her all about it so at least she can be laughing with us from a distance."

Sasha considered it for a moment, then decided that Jenna was right. "Okay. E-mail me the time and address and I'll be there, but you'll owe me."

Jenna threw her arms around Sasha's shoulders and gave her a big hug. "Definitely. I can't wait to see you again!"

Sasha laughed as her bubbly friend hurried down the street, eager to see her husband. Sasha was envious, remembering a time when she would have hurried home to see Dante, excited to see him and be in his arms, hear about his day and tell him more about whatever she was working on. That time period had been short lived, and she missed that a lot.

She glanced at her watch and realized that Rennata was still having the tests done so instead of wandering back to the hospital or going back to the palazzo, she strolled down the street, window shopping and considering ideas for her latest work. It was turning out to be quite extraordinary and she loved the light in the studio Dante had built for her at the beginning of their marriage. For all of Dante's frustrations with her work, he'd really gone out of his way to create a space for her that was ideal for painting. All the natural light and the open space was wonderful.

At one of the shops, she spotted a beautiful emerald green, satin dress that she knew would be perfect on her. She'd spent so much time in jeans and old, flannel shirts, it would be nice to dress up for Jenna's dinner party tomorrow night. Maybe it would refresh her spirits as well as get her out of denim and flannel.

She slipped into the store and found the dress in her size. Once she tried it on, she knew that she had to have this dress. It would actually be perfect for Jenna's party with the fifty's style sheath cut that made the whole thing look dramatic and yet simple and elegant. She found a pair of shoes and earrings that would match and when she left the store, she had a new hop to her step. Nothing like a new dress and the promise of a night out to brighten one's spirits, she thought.

She spent another few hours with Rennata when she was brought back to her room, reading her short stories from a book she'd picked up in her shopping trip. Sasha read to Rennata quietly until she fell asleep, then slipped out of the room to let her rest.

Glancing at her watch, Sasha knew it was time to vacate the area. She had figured out that Riasa visited at this time of the day and there was no way she would be there when that woman strolled in. As mean as Riasa had been before, she was ten times worse now, always sniping at Sasha no matter where they were in the house or who might be listening. Unless it was Dante, of course. Then the woman simply ignored Sasha, which was fine with her.

For her part, Sasha did her best to stay out of the older woman's way. They didn't have anything to say to each other, so it was better to just let the days pass without any kind of communication.

Back at the palazzo, she stored her new dress in the bedroom closet and went back up to her studio. Donning her paint shirt, she picked up her brush and was happily working away at the scene in her head for a while and making wonderful progress when Dante stopped by just as the sun was setting over the horizon.

"I think I left you here this morning," he said with a grim expression on his handsome face. "It would be nice if you could join us for dinner." With that, he walked out, barely even looking at Sasha.

She considered ignoring his request, wanting to get the painting done. But thinking that it wouldn't hurt to just be polite, she might as well go down and at least make an appearance. She wasn't particularly hungry, but she'd make the effort. Besides, if Dante was going to be at dinner, it wouldn't be too difficult. Surely Riasa would have to behave during the meal. There would be tension but Sasha told herself she could deal with it, and rise above any catty comments that might be issued.

Having made the decision, she carefully cleaned her brushes and took off her painting smock. She even pulled on a clean pair of jeans and a nicer shirt, a very small nod to Riasa's preferences even though jeans were still guaranteed to horrify the woman. If that lady had her way, Sasha would be wearing diamonds and silk for dinner.

As soon as she stepped into the living room where Riasa and Dante met prior to dinner for a drink, Sasha knew that the tension had cranked up a bit although why, she couldn't fathom.

She walked over to the bar and poured herself a glass of seltzer water, not that she really wanted something, but more to have something to hold in her hands. For some reason, she felt less awkward that way. Perhaps it was a symbolic shield she could hold in front of her to avoid Riasa's verbal jabs or maybe the glass would be a convenient way to avoid conversation. Either way, she felt much more comfortable with the glass in her hands as she turned to smile openly to both her husband and her mother in law, who was just entering from the hallway.

Riasa glanced at the crystal glass of seltzer with disdain. "There's wine already opened," Riasa said as she walked into the formal living room amid a cloud of thick, obnoxious perfume.

Sasha glanced to the right and found the woman approaching in an elegant black and white pant suit with pearls at both her neck and ears. "Good evening. How was Rennata when you left her tonight?" she asked, genuinely curious but suspecting that Riasa wouldn't even answer.

Riasa's eyes snapped to Sasha's, already angry and accusing. "The book you left there this afternoon is tripe. Try and find something better to read to her, please. Something that might interest her and not just something you want to read." With that, she poured her glass of wine and moved across the room to take a seat on one of the silk covered sofas while she flipped through a magazine.

Dante walked in a moment later, Sasha still stinging from Riasa's latest barb, which really hurt since now Sasha was doubting the value of the book she'd chosen. Had Rennata said something to Riasa about the book? It had seemed as if the other woman was enjoying the stories. Some were funny, some sad and others inspiring and amazing and they'd had interesting conversations after some of the stories. Had she only been polite? Was the book irritating the sweet woman?

She looked down at her glass, trying hard not to worry about it. She told herself that Riasa was just trying to get to her and Rennata would say something if she didn't like the book. Wouldn't she?

"What's wrong?" Dante asked and came to stand in front of her, looking down at her with concern in his eyes.

Sasha took a deep breath and shook her head. "Nothing," she replied and turned to take a seat by the window. "How was your day?" she asked tentatively.

Sasha heard the snort from Riasa and looked over to see if Dante had overheard. He was pouring a glass of wine and didn't appear to have noticed, so Sasha also pretended that she hadn't heard. And that the noise didn't make her feel self-conscious.

"My day was fine. Why do you ask?" he replied as he came to stand next to her again.

Sasha shrugged and looked out the window. "You asked me to come down and join you for dinner. I was just trying to not have a silent meal."

He stared at her hard, noting the tension in her shoulders and the hint of unshed tears. Were they crocodile tears or had something happened? He hated that he even cared. He didn't want to notice these things about his wife. He wanted to be oblivious, to have a hard heart towards her. She hadn't cared when she'd betrayed him, he owed her nothing now. "Do you even care about my day?"

Her head spun around quickly and she looked up at him, worried that he might think she didn't care. "Of course!" she replied heatedly. "I've always been fascinated by what you do." She said the words quietly, hoping Riasa wouldn't be able to hear. "Was it a difficult day? I'm guessing whatever problems came up you were able to resolve easily."

"Why do you say that?"

Sasha pushed her hair behind her ear and looked up at him, trying to be cheerful, but quiet enough that Riasa couldn't overhear. The last thing Sasha needed right now was another derisive snort. "Because you're home early. I remember you working so many late nights before. I was told you were working on big problems that needed to be resolved."

He was quiet for a long moment as he watched her expression, trying to discern if she really cared or if she was simply making conversation. "Did that bother you?"

Sasha tried very hard to think of a diplomatic answer, something that wouldn't hurt his feelings or make him feel defensive, but that also wasn't an outright lie. In the end, she decided that she was finished trying to fake a life she hadn't wanted. "Yes. It bothered me a great deal."

"Is that why you turned to Christolo?" he asked, moving slightly closer, his eyes serious.

She knew exactly where his mind had gone but she wasn't going to relent on her innocence. "It is how a friendship between Cristolo and I developed, yes."

His voice was a bit softer, almost gentle as he said, "And you found comfort in his arms because I wasn't here to give that comfort to you." He said it as a statement and sighed heavily.

She immediately shook her head and stood up, wishing he weren't so tall. "Don't turn this around Dante. I turned to Cristolo as a friend. There are things about him you don't know about so don't assume anything."

He looked down at her curiously. "Will you tell me those things?"

She shook her head. "I wish I could, but they aren't things I have permission to share with you. Cristolo is his own man. Talk to him if you want to know something about his life."

He quickly dismissed her suggestion and turned away to refill his wine glass. "Cristolo and I talk only of business these days."

Sasha shook her head with sadness. "That's a loss that is completely unnecessary. Did you even try and talk to him after I left? Didn't you want to know what happened last year?"

"What's there to talk about? He was having an affair with my wife. He betrayed me almost as much as you."

Sasha started to say something, but he interrupted her and turned away. "We should head into dinner." He walked over to his mother's chair and offered his arm. Sasha considered just walking away, but she was hungry and the meal smelled delicious. Besides, just being in the same room with Dante was nice, even though he still thought of her as a Jezebel.

Why was he so quickly to judge her? And why hadn't he spoken to his brother? Why not confront the man he thought had betrayed him.

And then his comment sunk in. Cristolo had betrayed him "almost" as much as she had? What did that mean?

She followed a bit more slowly, suddenly not so sure that a hot meal was worth what she was about to endure.

The meal turned out to be extremely nice, even though she didn't get a chance to talk very much. Riasa and Dante discussed various business issues and Sasha learned a great deal about what Dante was up to lately. Sasha knew that Riasa was trying to show how much more connected she was to Dante than Sasha, but there was no competition there. And Sasha got to know her husband just a little bit more, which was nice.

Once dinner was over, she excused herself and went back up to her painting. She didn't start anything new, but walked around her studio, enjoying the view of the night from the expanse of windows and the calming silence without the criticism.

"I'm sorry about tonight," Dante said from the doorway and Sasha spun around, startled that he'd come up here.

She tried to see him more clearly in the light from the moon and stars, but he was mostly in shadows. "Excuse me?"

He stepped into the room a bit more and looked around. "I know my mother was rude and inconsiderate during dinner and I'm sorry. I'll talk to her."

Sasha smiled, relieved that he wasn't bringing up the issue with Cristolo right now. "Don't do it on my behalf. I'm used to it. If she were nice I'd start to worry."

He stepped closer. "I think I'm seeing a bit more clearly what you were trying to tell me a year ago."

The darkness of the room and the late hour made the conversation feel intimate and a new kind of tension rolled over the two of them.

Her voice was soft as she tried to understand Riasa's point of view. "She loves you a great deal. She just wants you to be happy and didn't think I could give that to you."

He sighed and ran a finger down her cheek, sending sparks flying. "You're being very generous. I'm starting to understand more now."

She looked into his eyes, searching for answers. But all she saw was the darkness. "I don't think you do. But I appreciate your apology."

They were practically whispering now and Sasha knew where this was going. They'd been in this kind of position too many times in the past, a fight never being resolved because their desire for each other overrode everything else.

"I'd better get some sleep," she said and was grateful her legs followed her brain's instructions to step back. She walked out of the room and made her way to the room she was using. When she was finally behind closed doors, she leaned against the wall and took a deep breath, trying to get her body under control. Right now, she could feel the blood pounding through her, throbbing and demanding that she go back and take what Dante was obviously offering.

But this time she remained strong. She couldn't just fall into bed with the man, hoping that things would magically change. She couldn't go back and she wasn't sure how to go forward.

Oddly enough, that was actually progress, she realized as she washed her face and brushed her teeth. For the past year, she'd been ignoring the issue, pushing the pain away and just getting through one moment at a time, one day at a time. She might not have the answers, but at least she was now asking the questions. Or at least realizing that there were questions that needed to be asked.

So yes, that was progress. And as she slipped into the bed, pulling the soft sheets up to her chin and snuggling against the pillows, she smiled and relaxed with the knowledge that she was feeling now. She wasn't a captive of the pain, but a force that could get through it at least.

The next morning, after tossing and turning in that large bed and her whole body aching to feel Dante's touch, she showered and went right back up to her studio, needing an outlet for her frustration. Putting down the canvas she'd been working on the day before, she took another one and started stabbing at the material. She was angry and frustrated and her body was still desperate to feel Dante. The colors in this painting were bright, almost toxic as she tried to work the desire for that man out of her system.

An hour before visiting hours were scheduled, Sasha cleaned up and showered, changing into yet another pair of jeans before rushing off to the hospital. It occurred to her that, for the first time in a long time, she was truly sick of jeans. No matter how comfortable they were, she wanted something different. She smiled at her reflection as she realized that, even though this visit was difficult on several levels, it had definitely helped her. Even her paintings were much more vibrant, more passionate. Although some of that passion was anger!

She made a mental note to try and find some shops during Rennata's nap time today. Maybe she could find some fun clothes to wear. She had an entire closet full of clothes that Riasa had purchased for her, but none were her style and she felt uncomfortable and irritable when she wore the stiff, formal outfits that Riasa deemed appropriate for Dante's wife to be seen.

At the hospital, she stopped by the gift shop and cursed under her breath at Riasa and her comments the previous evening as she selected yet another book, plus several magazines that Rennata might like to hear read to her. She was disappointed that they couldn't continue to read the short stories, but if Rennata hadn't liked them....It was pointless to try and figure out if Riasa was being evil again, or if maybe Rennata had mentioned not liking the book. Regardless, she was here to help Rennata in any way she could.

Rennata was asleep when Sasha walked in so she simply sat beside her, holding her hand and praying that God would give this woman just a little bit longer to live. She was such a kind and gentle soul and perhaps Rennata could figure out how to get Cristolo through his troubles. It hadn't worked out for her and Dante, but someone in the family needed to be happy.

She spent the day talking, reading and laughing with Rennata and Sasha thought she saw a bit more sparkle to her eyes as they chuckled at the questionnaires in the magazine or the Italian politics. It was a small sign that maybe she was getting better. She had much more color to her skin today than she had previously and that gave Sasha hope. But at five o'clock, Rennata told Sasha it was time for her to go and get ready for her big night out. Sasha promised to tell her all about it the next day and kissed her gently on the cheek.

Back at the palazzo, Sasha spent a great deal of time trying to fix herself up. It had been so long since she'd actually dressed up for anything so she was definitely out of practice. She had to redo her eye makeup twice before she could get it right. That's what happened when one didn't put on mascara for over a year, she chided herself as she slid on her shoes.

Once she was done, she looked at herself in the mirror and surveyed the overall effect. "Not bad, old girl," she said to her reflection.

She was just stepping out of her room when Dante walked by her door. "Where are you going?" he demanded, looking at her up and down, noting the sexy sling back shoes and gorgeous new dress. He was startled by her appearance and an instant jolt of jealousy stabbed at his stomach. Was she meeting another man? Was it Cristolo? He would have sworn she spent her days painting, rarely even leaving the house. He knew she visited Rennata but suspected it was only occasionally. So how had she met someone so quickly? Was it one of the doctor's at the hospital?

He wouldn't doubt that any single man would jump at the opportunity to have Sasha on his arm. She was astonishingly beautiful although he thought she needed to put on more weight.

He couldn't deny she looked delightful in the dress that hugged her curves in all the right places.

"I'm going out. A friend invited me to a dinner party and I accepted," she said, wishing she didn't sound so defensive. Then she noticed his dark suit and silk tie. "Where are you going?" she asked, her voice no longer defensive, but had turned weak, almost angry.

"Believe it or not, I too have friends. Tonight is a business dinner."

Sasha was about to accept that and let it go, but something niggled in her mind. She was about to turn around and walk down the stairs, but she stopped suddenly. Dante almost ran her down and she would have fallen if he hadn't reached out to steady her.

She eyed him suspiciously, wondering about the insane possibility that they might be going to the same place. Could it be possible? Jenna had mentioned a bunch of boring financial types and Dante definitely fit into the financial category, although there had never been anything boring about the man. "Tell me your friend isn't Hector Christoph!" she gasped.

His eyes narrowed at her reaction and his stomach muscles tightened. Hector was his friend and newly married. And Dante also knew that the man was madly in love with his young wife so the idea that Sasha was seeing Hector just didn't make sense. "It is. How do you know Hector?" he demanded.

"I don't know him personally but he's married to a college friend of mine. Jenna and I went to school together!"

She watched as the lines in his face changed from tense to amused. "It would seem we have mutual acquaintances. Perhaps I could drive you to our dinner party?"

Sasha seriously considered calling Jenna and telling her she couldn't make it. But that would be rude and she really did want to meet Jenna's husband. Maybe if she only stayed for a little while, she could slip out before dinner started. Jenna would understand after their talk yesterday afternoon.

She took a deep breath to steady her racing heart and looked at him as calmly as possible. "I guess it would be silly to catch a cab while you're in your own car."

"Exactly. Shall we?" he asked, gesturing towards the stairs.

Sasha descended slowly, painfully aware of Dante's eyes on her back. She could actually feel them moving along her body and wished she'd worn something else. Something more substantial.

"I'll get our coats," Dante said and moved to the closet.

Sasha was standing in the middle of the marble foyer, wishing she hadn't just agreed to even the short car ride over to Jenna's house with Dante. What was she thinking? She knew from experience what happened when she and Dante were alone.

"Where do you think you're going? And where did you get that horrible dress?" Riasa's shrill voice sounded from the living room. "Dios! Didn't you learn anything about how to dress appropriately when you lived here before? Did nothing sink in when I lectured you?" She stepped forward and looked up and down at Sasha's dress and shoes. "You're not leaving here in that outfit," she said as if she had the authority to do anything about it. "If you're going to insist on going out, then I must insist you wear one of the dresses I bought for you before. You've gained weight obviously, but I'm sure you could squeeze into something."

It was at that moment that Riasa noticed Dante by the closet, holding Sasha's coat as well as his own and looking at his mother as if he'd just seen something disgusting. Riasa was startled, horrified actually, to be caught berating Sasha like that where Dante could witness the comments. She had always been so careful to hide her maliciousness from Dante, appearing helpful and considerate in his presence. But this was the second time Dante had seen the truth, even though Sasha had complained about the issue on previous occasions. And this time, he'd gotten the full power of Riasa's vitriol.

Riasa glanced between her son and Sasha, obviously trying to figure out how much he'd heard. "Dante! I didn't see you there. What are you doing hiding in the closet like that?"

"I was getting our coats. We're leaving for a dinner party but I think you and I need to have a long conversation in the near future."

Sasha could see Riasa sputtering, trying to figure out how to take back the words or to at least mitigate Dante's obvious anger. "You don't understand..." she started to say.

He cut her off with a slash of his hand and a furious glare. "I think I do. And I believe I owe Sasha a very large apology," he said and put the coat gently over her shoulders, letting his arm fall around her as he led her out the door to the waiting limousine.

Once they were underway and the car was moving away from the palazzo, Dante turned to angle towards her. "Is that the way she's always been?"

Sasha placed her hands carefully over her dress, nervously fingering the fabric and trying to push it down to cover her knees. What had been an adventure with a pretty new dress that made her feel wonderful and liberated, now felt like she was awkward and gangly. "Is the dress really so bad?" she asked, whispering because she couldn't find her voice.

Dante cursed and pulled her towards him. "You look incredible!" he countered, gripping her hands with the intensity of his feelings. "I never felt embarrassed about you. Ever! In fact, the complete opposite is the truth. When you would descend the stairs or meet me for dinner, I was always struck by how beautiful you were. You could wear the most daring outfits and make them look like you were royalty just by the way you held yourself. No matter what you wear, you were always lovely."

She looked at his features in the dim light passing by from the streets lamps, trying to see if he was being honest. "Really?" she asked, feeling pathetic, but needing reassurance.

"Really," he said and kissed her fingers. "You're one of the most strikingly beautiful women I've ever met and I thought that from the moment we first met and that reaction has never gone away."

She took a shaky breath, and smiled her thanks. "I appreciate that."

Dante sat back against the leather seat and watched her try and pull herself together. Guilt over what he'd witnessed tore at his gut, making him feel as if he'd missed something. Something very important.

"I'm sorry," he said into the darkness.

She laughed softly and squeezed the hand that was still holding hers. "You've already said that."

"No. I'm sorry for not listening to you. You said that she was like that before but I ignored you. I wasn't willing to listen to you say negative things about my mother but I was wrong."

Sasha couldn't believe her ears. Was he really apologizing for everything from a year ago? Was he admitting he was wrong?

"How often?" he asked grimly.

She was concentrating on how wonderful it felt to be with him, with the silence around them and his sincere apology so she wasn't sure what he meant by the question. "How often what?"

"How often did she say things like that to you?"

Sasha considered telling him something to just make him feel better, but the hurt was too deep for fabrications. "A lot." She sighed and felt his hand tighten. "All the time actually."

"And I wasn't there to protect you."

Sasha felt the anger in his voice and his body as he tensed with the fury riding him. "I was a big girl. I should have been more adamant in my needs. I certainly told you other things I needed."

He turned his head. "And did I listen"

She laughed and smiled. "Of course. I guess I just said them at the right time."

He laughed as well, his deep chuckle making her feel sweet and cared for. "You had good timing at certain moments," he replied, thinking of the demands she made of him in bed. Her cries for more, or faster, slower, more, were always met with great enthusiasm. "Or maybe the requests were just what I wanted to hear."

She smiled despite the blush that was creeping up her neck and suffusing her face. "You're incorrigible," she finally said.

"And you're beautiful when you're blushing."

She turned her head sharply, her eyes trying to see into the darkness. "How did you...?"

"Perhaps it's just experience but I knew you were blushing. And your question just confirmed it," he said, chuckling and squeezing her hand. "We're here," he said softly.

Sasha looked around, admiring the beautiful house. "So we are," she sighed, almost wishing they could just drive around for a while, enjoying the friendly camaraderie and intimacy of the dark vehicle. It had been so long since she'd had a conversation with him that didn't involve yelling or hurt feelings, accusations of one kind or another. Tonight felt special and it was probably at an end now that they were going to rejoin the world.

As the car pulled up to the house, a servant was already stepping out to the curb and opening the door for them so Sasha sighed and stepped out of the limousine smoothly, careful that her dress didn't ride up too high.

The house was already filled with about a dozen other guests by the time Sasha and Dante strolled in. As soon as Jenna saw her, she rushed over and gave her a huge hug. "I'm so glad you came!" she said and embraced her friend. "I thought you would back out at the last minute," Jenna whispered in Sasha's ear. Stepping back, she smiled at her friend and looked over her shoulder. "And now I can introduce you to the most handsome man in the world. This is Hector Christophe," she said and pulled a tall, dark haired man forward who smiled indulgently at his wife, wrapping his arms around Jenna's waist while extending one to Sasha. "It's a pleasure to meet you. Jenna has told me all about you."

Sasha was a bit embarrassed, hoping that Jenna hadn't told her husband everything. Especially under the circumstances. "Jenna," she said quickly, bracing herself as her friend began gearing up to say something that might be embarrassing. "This is my husband, Dante Fuitello," she said quickly.

Dante stepped forward, his hand already extending to Hector's. "Good to see you again, old friend," he said and clasped the man on his back. Jenna and Sasha stared at the two men who were almost equal in height and breadth, and both impressive figures in the financial world.

Jenna looked from Sasha to the man with his arm protectively around her waist, then back to her friend. "Is this...?" she started to say, then stopped herself. "Of course he is. Hector, I'd like you to meet Sasha Will...I mean Fuitello. I was in Greece at the time of their wedding so I missed the nuptials," she said, her eyes still flitting back and forth in a not-so-subtle attempt to reconcile the body language of her friend with the story she'd heard yesterday over coffee. Sasha had told her of a difficult marriage and a husband who didn't trust her, had made accusations of infidelity and lies. The man standing beside Sasha didn't look like someone who didn't trust his wife, but he could be presenting a different face to the world when in public.

Jenna turned to her husband and looked up at him with a smile in her eyes. "Hector, would you mind getting Dante a drink while I introduce Sasha to some of the others here?"

"Of course," he said, and kissed her gently on the head before waving Dante in the direction of the bar. "This way my man. Apparently our wives want to gossip about us but they're too polite to be subtle about it," he joked.

Dante forced a laugh and followed his friend, but Sasha could tell that he wasn't very amused.

"Okay, so that was awkward," Jenna said and moved back to Sasha's side. "But forget about the men for a moment. You have to come meet my son. He's already down for the night, but if you'll ooh and aah about him, I'll forgive you anything, even that story about how you and your husband weren't an item any longer," she said and pulled Sasha down the hallway, the music and conversational noise drifting away as they went deeper into the house.

The little boy asleep in the toddler bed was indeed an adorable little guy. He was about a year and a half old, holding a stuffed bunny tightly in his arms. "Isn't he the most perfect little man you've ever seen?" Jenna said, smoothing a curl on the little boy's forehead.

Sasha smiled down at the boy, nodding her head. "He really is the cutest little guy," she said, sighing with longing.

Jenna heard it and hugged her friend briefly. "Don't worry. The way that man out there was looking at you, you'll have your own in no time at all." She laughed and waved for Sasha to head back out. "And maybe you'll have a little girl and our kids can marry!"

Sasha laughed but looked a bit horrified. "I've heard of arranged marriages but good grief, how about if I at least get pregnant before you marry off my daughter."

Jenna closed the door once again then clapped her hands excitedly. "Deal. So get pregnant already!"

Sasha shook her head. "Not going to happen. It might not appear to be the case, but everything I told you over coffee yesterday was true. Dante and I still aren't working things out. We just didn't realize that we were heading to the same place tonight until we were in the hallway and about to leave the house. Our being together here was a total accident."

Jenna smiled secretively. "Then seduce the man and make him believe you. The best way to a man's heart isn't through his stomach," she said with a knowing look.

Sasha laughed as they re-entered the dining room. Jenna stopped a passing waiter and took two glasses of champagne from him, smiling her thanks. "Okay, so if that's the guy you were talking about yesterday, why is he looking at you like he'd like to have you for dessert?" she asked, looking in the opposite direction and smiling at a group of people in the corner.

"He's not," she interjected.

Jenna smiled and took a sip of her champagne. "If you say so. Come along. I need to introduce you to some people before my husband starts to get suspicious. We wouldn't want him asking questions, now would we?"

"No, that would be a bad thing," Sasha agreed half heartedly, but not exactly sure why that would be bad. "What kinds of questions would he ask?"

Jenna laughed delightedly. "Hector has the most curious mind. I never know what he's going to come up with next. It's almost like being in a mystery that keeps coming up with new twists. I don't mind though. He makes life pretty fun."

Sasha endured being introduced to several groups of people, but Jenna had been right on target when she'd explained that most of these people were of the financial world and the two women with creative minds didn't have a whole lot in common. Only a few people knew of Sasha's art work so Jenna and Sasha hung together, grouping together with the other wives who weren't as in tune with the business or financial markets. She actually had a very good time, but only because Jenna and some of the other wives laughed at the problems of being married to their men. Unfortunately, Sasha didn't have the privilege of knowing all the ins and outs of being married to a financial genius since they'd only been married for a few weeks before the problems started. But it was nice to know that others had their issues with their mates, even though they hadn't been accused of cheating.

During dinner, there were several moments when she felt as if Dante were looking at her, watching her for some reason. But when she glanced in his direction, she found him deep in conversation with the people to his right or left. She tried to ignore the feeling and laughed delightedly with some of the antics a mother was describing with her twin daughters, but the feeling persisted.

"Want to head out?" Dante whispered in her ear as coffee was being served.

Sasha looked up at him and felt as if that friendship from earlier in the evening had somehow increased. She felt closer to him but wasn't sure why. Perhaps it was just sharing the evening together, or maybe the issue with Riasa coming to a head made him look at her in a different light. It didn't matter why anymore. It was just really nice. "Sure," she finally said.

They got their coats and said goodbye to Jenna and Hector, but as soon as they were out on the street, Dante suggested they walk down by the river a short ways. "That would be lovely," Sasha replied, feeling the cool air on her skin and enjoying the breeze.

"How do you know Hector and Jenna?" he asked softly, his voice deep and husky in the cool night air.

"I hadn't met Hector until tonight although Jenna told me a great deal about him yesterday over coffee. But Jenna and I go way back. We were in school together."

"I thought Jenna was some sort of writer."

"She is."

"How did you two meet? A writer and an artist don't really run in the same circles."

Sasha had to laugh at that observation. "Jenna doesn't really have a circle. She's the kind of person who brings everyone into her circle, then changes it to a triangle or a square. She gathers friends like bees gather honey. It's just natural for her."

"You two seem like more than just casual friends."

She nodded and pulled her shawl closer as a cool breeze passed by them. "We are. She's more of a sister than a friend. She and Dana, another room mate, we got each other through school and have been friends ever since."

"I don't think I've heard about Dana either."

Sasha's eyes turned worried. "Dana is in some trouble. She witnessed something a few months ago, now she's fallen out of sight. I don't know where she is and she hasn't contacted me for help."

"Do you need someone to look for her?" he asked softly.

She looked up at him, startled that he would offer that kind of help for someone he didn't know. "I'm not sure," she said. "Can I get back to you on that?"

"Absolutely. Just let me know what I can do. I have some resources that can be tapped when needed for emergencies."

She smiled in the darkness. "I'm sure you have lots of untapped resources for finding lost souls."

He stopped and looked down at her. "Are you mocking me?" he asked, his voice somewhat threatening.

She quickly shook her head. "Mock you? Would I really do something like that? To the great and all mighty Dante Fuitello?"

He turned and blocked her pathway, forcing her to stop and look up at him. His hands were on his hips and he was looking stern, but she also saw the gleam of amusement in his eyes. "I believe you are mocking not only my person, but my reputation now."

She laughed and shook her head. "Oh, no! I would never mock your reputation. The family name is on the line. Fuitellos always stick together."

He nodded his head and bent down slightly. "And don't you forget it!" he growled.

They were walking down the sidewalk, heading towards the river when a couple caught her eye. She squinted and looked again. Was that...? Oh no! If Dante saw Cristolo....

"Isn't that Cristolo" Dante asked the same moment that Sasha realized who it was. Knowing that Cristolo didn't want Dante to discover his secret, the same beautiful secret that just happened to be hanging on his arm and staring up into his eyes with love and adoration, Sasha knew she had to do something quickly. With a gasp, she stumbled and held onto Dante's arm, holding herself up with one hand while reaching down with the other, touching her ankle slightly. "Oh!" she gasped and limped slightly.

Dante immediately looked down, grabbing hold of her waist and protecting her from falling. "What happened?" he asked, immediately concerned.

Sasha glanced up, looking over Dante's shoulder to see if Cristolo was still there. When she didn't see him, she exhaled and stood up. "Nothing. I think my shoe just got caught on one of the rocks." She started walking again, relieved for the moment but her eyes kept skimming the store fronts, trying to determine where Cristolo had gone. "Everything is fine."

Dante looked at her curiously, then back where Cristolo had been with his girlfriend. "Wasn't that..." he started to say, but then shook his head when he didn't see his brother anywhere. "Never mind."

They walked a few more steps and darn it if Cristolo didn't pop out one more time, laughing and hugging his girlfriend close again! She looked up at Dante but his head was turned away. Unfortunately, her heel really did get stuck this time and she fell into his side. He immediately grabbed her, but his hand accidentally caught her breast. He moved it quickly, but as they stood, Sasha was painfully aware of his touch, the heat of his hand. And her heel was still stuck in the crack of the cobblestone sidewalk so she couldn't even move back and out of his arms.

Dante's gentlemanly nature came out immediately and he bent down to help, but that was as far as one instinct would go when another took over. As his hands rescued her shoe, they traveled up her leg, sending shivers racing along her body. She placed a hand on his broad shoulder to steady herself and left it there as he stood up. Which meant she was closer than was probably safe under the circumstances.

They stared at each other for a long moment, Sasha trying to decide if she wanted this to go any further, wondering what he would do if she reached up and kissed him. Would he reject her? Should she reject him? What were they doing, standing here like this anyway? They hated each other, he didn't trust her, she was still hurt by his accusations....and yet....the heat flowing between them right now was all that really mattered.

"Sorry," she whispered, letting her hand drop down. She shouldn't even care that he might reject her. He'd apologized for his assumptions all those years ago, so what was she waiting for? Could they make a go of it again?

Did she dare risk her heart when he might just break it again with the next assumption? Or was he starting to trust her? Or, which was more likely the case, he was as caught up in the moment of the night and the unexpected romance of the river walk?

He pulled back, but not very far as he continued to hold her elbow in his warm hand. "How about getting a cup of coffee at that little restaurant?" he suggested, nodding to a small cafe on the corner nearest to them.

Sasha looked down the street and saw groups of people milling about, the bright lights dancing over their heads and everyone laughing. But no Cristolo. "That sounds nice," she replied and smiled up at him. She was glad that her friend was out of the way but she was unsure about the lack of caution she was feeling as she accepted his invitation to extend their evening together.

They started strolling slowly towards the restaurant and Sasha wanted so badly for him to put his strong arm around her waist, to feel his security and his love. They used to walk arm in arm, his strong arm holding her close no matter where they went before they moved back to Italy. Dante was not afraid of public displays of affection and it had made her a bit self conscious at first, but she'd learned to love his demonstrative nature. Now she missed it terribly. She hadn't realized how much she'd missed it until this moment when he was so close and so handsome. And she was so tired of being without him and the painful loneliness.

And that's when Cristolo re-appeared for a third time, his arm around the woman and they stopped not twenty feet in front of Sasha and Dante. Cristolo wrapped his arms around the blond woman and kissed her., deeply and passionately, oblivious to the stare of his older brother.

Sasha did the only thing she could think of at the moment. She reached up, sliding her hand across Dante's stomach and feeling the muscles under her hand clench in reaction. And the distraction worked. With pleading eyes, she stood on her tip toes and tilted her head, pulling his head down for her kiss. As a distraction, it was magnificent. Dante couldn't pull away and groaned as his arms pulled her closer.

As a way to get Dante out of the area, it worked even better, giving Cristolo a chance to escape without a confrontation from his older brother. As for everything else, for all the questions Sasha had for Dante, for the clarification on the apology earlier in the evening and trying to figure out what was going on between them right now, if it was real or just a lapse of judgment, it was a disaster.

At the moment though, Sasha didn't care. For so long, she'd wanted Dante to hold her, to kiss her, to feel his strong arms around her pulling her closer and feeling the demand in those fingers and in his touch. Now she had it and she gloried in the feel of being with him again.

As he kissed her, she loved the way his hand held her head, angling her head the way he wanted but he was so gentle and she wasn't ready for gentleness right now. She wanted his power, she wanted to feel his desire for her and give her confirmation that he wanted her just as much as she wanted him. As she pressed herself against him, she felt his body react and knew that she'd gotten her answer. She moved against him, giving him the same answer and showing him how much she wanted him, how badly she needed this from him and only him.

"Come," he ordered and grabbed her hand, almost dragging her to the street where his driver was waiting. Sasha didn't mind though. As they dove into the back seat, he immediately pulled her back into his arms, kissing her with a ravenous hunger that matched her own.

He didn't wait until they arrived back at the house, pulling her dress higher, his hands skimming along her thighs and finding the tops of her stockings, groaning as his fingers touched bare skin.

"You wore these on purpose, just to drive me crazy, didn't you?" he growled and bit her ear lobe.

Sasha shivered and started to pull away, but he stopped her, pulling the zipper down on the back of her dress. "I didn't even know we were going to the same dinner party tonight. So no, I didn't do it to drive you crazy."

"Doesn't matter. It worked!" he pulled down the silk fabric, revealing her breasts that were swollen and ready for his touch. But he held off for a moment, his eyes taking in the pert nipples and the black lace covering the treasure.

His hand slipped the black strap down and one globe was released. While his fingers came down, circling her breast, she held very still, her body craving his touch on her breast more than anything right at the moment.

"You're beautiful," he said and his mouth touched her neck, her ear and nibbled along her shoulder but he didn't touch her breast. She tried to take his hand and place it where she wanted it, but he grabbed her hand and pulled it behind her, gently holding her where he wanted her. "Not yet," he replied softly a moment before his mouth continued his exploration of her body.

The car pulled up by the house a moment later and Dante made quick work of pulling her bra and dress back in place. He then lifted her up and smoothed her dress down over her legs a moment before he opened the limousine door and stepped out. He held her hand as Sasha stepped out, but didn't wait a moment later, pulling her into the house.

"I want you, Sasha," he said and then he swung her up into his arms, carrying her rapidly up the stairs and into the bedroom right next to the one she'd been occupying for the past week. He slammed the door shut with his foot and carried her over to the bed, letting her legs drop to the floor and stepping away just for the moment. His quick fingers unzipped her dress again, then pushed it to the floor. He flicked on the light beside his bed and stared down at her, his hand reaching one more time for her bra, unsnapping the whole thing and whipping it off her. She stood there before him in just her underwear, thigh high stockings and teal sling back shoes, feeling decadent and wanted as his eyes roved over her nearly naked body.

"Are you just going to stare?" she taunted, needing his touch, but afraid to touch him first.

In response, his hands smoothed up her rib cage, cupping her breasts in his large, warm hands. "I don't think so," he replied, contemplating her breasts with real interest. "No more waiting," he said and he bent down and took her right nipple in his mouth, tasting and sucking until she cried out and her hands were in his hair, holding him in place and pulling him back at the same time before moving on to the other one. He gently laid her on the bed, his strong arms holding her above her as he looked down at her.

"Don't stop!" she cried out and moved against him, encouraging him the best way she could. Her hands were restless as they moved from his head to his shoulders, smoothing along the muscles of his arms, then back up and down his back, reveling in the feeling of his warm skin and hard muscles.

"I can't wait!" he said and stood up, tearing off his clothes as he looked down at her, her dark hair spilled out against his bed, her body writhing for his return and he pulled his shirt over his head, not willing to take the time to undo the buttons. His slacks were simply a nuisance and he tossed them behind him with his boxers before coming back to her on the bed. He kissed her one more time while his hands moved under her knees, bending her legs so that he could position himself above her. He lifted himself up and watched her face as he entered her, his own expression one of concentration as he worked hard to not climax as her heat enveloped him. He'd done this so many times in his dreams and now she was finally here and he was going to enjoy her sensuous body.

As he sheathed himself in her, he marveled at how perfect she was for him. And as he moved inside her, faster as she came closer and he tried to move in ways that would increase her pleasure, he loved the way she gave all of herself to him during these moments.

And then, as she throbbed around him with her climax and her soft hands gripped his shoulders tightly, he let himself stop thinking and just feel, pouring himself into her tight body as he experienced his own mind-blowing orgasm.

When it was all over, he pulled her close, falling asleep with her head cradled in his arms and her soft, slender body curled up next to his.

Chapter 4

Sasha rolled over and sighed with happiness when Dante pulled her closer. "Good morning," he said, his voice all husky with the morning and his obvious desire.

"Good morning," she replied and rolled over onto her back, pulling the sheet with her.

He chuckled and shook his head. "Still trying to be demure after last night, eh?"

She felt her cheeks heat up and sighed. "Sorry. Habit."

Her stomach clenched when his face turned serious. "Last night, did you kiss me because you were jealous that Cristolo had found another woman?"

She stilled, horrified by his question. "You saw them last night?"

"Of course. You tried to distract me, and it worked well. But I'm not blind. The blond woman is very beautiful and you've been gone for a long time. It's good that he's moved on, but I have to know if you can forget him before we decide to re-start our marriage."

Sasha couldn't believe what she was hearing. She pulled out from underneath him and pushed her hair out of her eyes, grabbing her robe and pulling it on with jerky movements. "You think I'm still pining for Cristolo?"

"It was a natural assumption after last night."

She pulled herself away and walked over to the large reading chair and tried to gather her thoughts, not sure how to respond. A part of her wanted to explain the whole thing to him, but after all this time, would he even listen to her? Would he believe her? She had a promise to Cristolo, but it occurred to her that Dante's brother wasn't living up to his end of the bargain. Was she supposed to sacrifice her own happiness for a man who couldn't even stand up to his brother and mother? These were all new thoughts that she'd have to mull over, figure out on her own. She couldn't do it with Dante not five feet away from her, naked and sexy as anything she'd ever seen. "I'm not pining for Cristolo. Have you spoken to him lately?" She asked softly, the anger gone from her voice. She could see Dante's side of this situation now that the hurt was easing. She couldn't put all of the blame on him for not trusting her. A good portion, no doubt. But she had been keeping secrets from him.

Dante stood up, completely unembarrassed by his own nakedness. "He works in the family businesses and he does his job, that's all I ask of him. When he stops obeying my orders, then I'll fire him and find someone more capable. Until then, we have a business relationship and that's all."

She shifted in the chair and watched as he moved into the bathroom. Following him, she continued the conversation even though he appeared to think the discussion was finished. She could let it go and try to talk to Cristolo once again. But he was here and she wanted more answers. "So, you've completely rejected me. You've removed your brother from your life and you know that your mother treats me like a doormat. What does this say about your life?" she asked as she leaned against the wall, watching him soap up, her eyes watching his hands, fascinated despite herself.

He turned and looked down at her. "It seems that my world is falling apart. So there's only one thing to do," he said. Without any warning, he grabbed her hands and pulled her into the shower, robe and all. With deft hands, he ignored her squeak of protest and divested her of the now soaking material, letting it drop to the floor in a wet mess and unconcerned about the issue. When she was as naked as he was, he covered her protesting mouth with his and kissed her until she wasn't arguing anymore, and he didn't relent until she was clinging to his shoulders, her body moving against his in the age old rhythm.

"You don't play fair," she whispered as he lifted her up and pressed her against the cold tiles of the shower wall.

"Don't ever forget that," he groaned as he slid into her, pressing her back and lifting her with his arms to get her into a better position. "You're so beautiful!" he growled as he kissed her against her neck and proceeded to make love to her standing up . Because this was a new position, and very interesting indeed as she gasped with each of his thrusts, she couldn't really argue with his statement. She couldn't really say anything at all.

Chapter 5

"You look like the cat who had a bowl full of cream this morning," Rennata commented when Sasha walked in later that morning.

Sasha smiled and bent over to kiss Rennata's wrinkled cheek. "And you look absolutely fabulous yourself. So when are you going to dump this dive place and come back home?"

She sat up slightly higher in her bed, her eyes alert and eager. "Are you telling me that you and Dante have finally resolved your differences?"

Sasha shook her head as she took up her usual place in the uncomfortable chair next to Rennata's bedside. "We have only called a truce for the moment. As soon as you're out of here, we'll both go our separate ways."

"Then I think I'll become much more ill," she said with determination and settled herself against the hospital pillow.

"You're a belligerent old lady, aren't you?" Sasha asked and chuckled at the lady's determination. "Are you telling me that you got sick only to get me and Dante back together? If so, I'm glad that you're diabolical plan isn't working."

She surveyed Sasha's more spirited expression and relaxed shoulders. "Isn't it?"

"Not at all." Sasha wouldn't give an inch on this subject. She and Dante might have had sex. A lot of sex! But that didn't mean anything about the future of their marriage. He still didn't trust her and she couldn't figure out how to explain the situation to him. There was also the part of her who wanted Dante to believe her without any explanation and was hurt that he didn't offer that automatically. She'd never done anything to cause his distrust so what had caused him to revert to this cynical stranger?

Rennata chuckled slightly at Sasha's denial. "Your smile would indicate otherwise."

"You're making things up in that dreary old mind of yours because you have nothing better to do with your life, little lady."

Rennata laughed, almost cackling with delight. "You're just as spunky as I remembered. I'm glad you're back and giving my grandson what's what."

Sasha thought about the morning in the shower and almost contradicted Rennata. It was more like Dante was giving her the 'what's what' and she was just enjoying the ride.

"Don't get your hopes up. We are not getting back together."

"What would you call it? Anything that puts that kind of smile on your face has to be something worth fighting for."

"The man still thinks I'm a hussy who would sleep with his brother."

Rennata rolled her eyes. "That man is just afraid."

Sasha laughed and waved away her statement. "I've never known Dante to be afraid of anything. Much less a little woman like me who weighs about half as much as he does."

Rennata sputtered. "You wish you could be thought of as little."

"I weigh only..."

"Weight is nothing. It's what's in here," she said, pounding her chest slightly, "that makes you big. And you have lots to give. That man is just too afraid to take what you have to give. He found a reason to not trust you. To thrust you out of his life and he jumped on it because he's afraid you'll run out on him at some point. He doesn't want to be vulnerable so he pushed you away."

That made her sad to think that Dante had been so unsure of her feelings. "Well it worked. He says he doesn't trust me and I believe him." What had she done to do that to him?

"Don't you dare!" she said forcefully. "That man loves you more than he wants to. Trust me on this Sasha. He doesn't want to so he's grasping at anything so he can control his feelings. But he needs you as much as he needs air to breathe. He's been miserable this past year without you. He works all the time, almost never eats. He exercises like a madman, all because he's trying to exhaust himself so he doesn't think about you any longer. And it's not working."

Sasha looked at Rennata curiously. "How do you know all of this?"

"I know my grandson. He's in love and he hates it."

"Why?" she asked cautiously.

"You ask him that. He's a stupid fool and needs you. Just make him understand that and you'll be the happiest woman alive." She humphed and shook her head. "Now where's that book with the short stories. I was telling Riasa some and she actually laughed. That woman needs a bit more laughter in her life as well."

Sasha was stunned. "I thought you didn't like the short stories."

Rennata's eyes snapped open and she looked at Sasha carefully. "Not like them? They were wonderful. I especially like the one with the little boy taking the dandelions to his mother and finding all of them pressed in the family Bible at her funeral."

Sasha had to swallow the lump in her throat at the memory of that story. It had been poignant and sweet, and made her think of Dante as a little boy running through a field, carrying weeds for his mother in a grubby little hand. Except she couldn't quite imagine Dante with dirty hands since he was so well dressed all the time. And she couldn't get the image of Riasa pressing dandelions into a bible. That would be too undignified for the elegant, mean spirited woman.

It occurred to Sasha that perhaps there might be a reason Riasa was so angry all the time. But she left so much hurt around that Sasha didn't have the energy to search out the answer. At least right at the moment. It was an intriguing thought that she'd have to contemplate later.

Sasha pulled the book filled with the short stories out of her bag and opened to the page where they'd left off and started reading. But her mind wasn't fully on the words. She was thinking through Rennata's comments about the book, trying to figure out if she believed them or not. Was Rennata simply being polite? Or was she only honest to Riasa? And what about her comments regarding Dante? Rennata had said the same thing that first night when she'd just woken and thought that she and Dante were back together. Was she right about Dante's fear of her rejection? Had she done something that would give him that impression?

Or had someone done that to him in the past? Her heart ached at the idea of Dante loving another woman but it was entirely possible that something like that had happened. She knew that he'd dated a great deal in the past. And all the women had been extraordinarily beautiful. But how could a woman be with Dante and not fall in love with him? Sasha simply couldn't understand it, but she was perhaps a bit biased about the subject.

Rennata had an uncanny ability to understand human nature, Sasha reminded herself. But perhaps she might be a little too close to Dante and herself? And the woman wanted a great grandchild and wasn't above a bit of emotional manipulation in order to get one.

"What's wrong, dear?" Rennata said softly, interrupting Sasha's thoughts.

Sasha looked up, confused and unaware of the fact that she'd stopped reading. Her mind was flitting back to the night before. And this morning. And Rennata's comments as well as thinking about the other women Dante might have fallen in love with and might have hurt him. Something about last night niggled at her mind and she had to concentrate carefully, going through the details. "Oh no...." she whispered.

"Sasha?" Rennata asked, turning her head and looking at her with sharp eyes. "What's wrong?"

Sasha shook her head and closed the book, her heart racing as she realized something horrible. "I'm sorry, Rennata. I have to go. I'll be back," she replied and grabbed her purse, rushing out of the room and down the hallway.

Outside the hospital, she quickly caught a cab and gave the driver the address to Dante's office. Once there, she paid the driver and stood outside the steel and concrete building, her heart hammering in her chest and her mind fluttering all over the place.

"No," she said, shaking her head with determination while she paced back and forth in front of the building. "Everything is going to be okay. I just missed it," she told herself as she forced her feet to walk her forward. She didn't want any confirmation, but she knew she couldn't ignore the situation. And she hadn't been thinking clearly last night. She'd been too desperate to feel him and maybe....

At his secretary's desk, she stopped and hesitated. Maybe she didn't need to know. Maybe she could just wait in....no, she wouldn't be able to sleep or think about anything else. Ignoring the possibility wasn't feasible. She'd never been able to ignore secrets her whole life, and this definitely fell into one of those need-to-know categories.

"Is Dante available?" she asked as the secretary looked up with curiosity. She was new, not the previous woman who had guarded Dante's domain when she'd lived in Rome before. This woman was a bit older, and much more stern. And what's more, she sincerely didn't appreciate a strange woman's presence, asking if someone as important as her boss was available.

"Do you have an appointment?" she asked, her eyes already communicating that she knew Dante didn't have an appointment at this point in the day. Or if he did, Sasha wouldn't be that appointment.

"No. Could you just tell him that Sasha is here to see him?"

The woman's lips pursed into a disapproving frown and she shook her head. "I'm sorry, but Mr. Fuitello is currently in a meeting and can't be disturbed. Can I make an appointment for you later? Or perhaps I can have someone else help you?"

It was just her bad luck today that Cristolo came out of his office at that moment and saw her. His face broke out into a wide grin and he tossed the papers he'd been reviewing onto the secretary's desk, uncaring that she was not amused by his greeting of the unanticipated interloper. "Sasha? I heard you were back and I thought I saw you last night, but....what I saw I knew couldn't be you."

Sasha accepted Cristolo's hug and smiled up at him. "I have a feeling that you did see me last night. We definitely saw you and Gloria."

Cristolo's entire being froze and his smile fell away. Sasha saw the concern immediately enter his eyes and she wished she could help him, but she had bigger problems to deal with at the moment. He was definitely on his own now. "Tell me you weren't with Dante," he said with gravity.

She grimaced and nodded. "I was. And he saw you as well."

"I'm sorry for the old cliche, but am I interrupting something?" Dante asked from his office doorway.

Cristolo instantly dropped his arms from Sasha's shoulders and stepped back. "You're not interrupting anything. I have a meeting." Sasha's heart felt sad that the previously jovial relationship Cristolo had with Dante was now demolished. And all because Dante didn't believe her.

Well, and also because Cristolo was too stubborn to tell his older brother the truth.

She turned to Dante and shook her head. "Don't go there," she said softly. She took several steps closer and stood before him. "I came here to see you and Cristolo came out of his office. There was nothing more to that hug than a brotherly greeting."

He pulled her into his office, snapping to his secretary, "Cancel my next meeting," he replied and slammed the door shut.

Turning to Sasha, he growled, "Can you let him go?"

Sasha tried to figure out what she could say to get through him, to convince that he was the only man she had ever loved. "Do you remember our first dinner together?" she asked softly and moved closer, standing about an inch from him.

"Yes. What of it?" he snapped.

"We couldn't keep our hands off of each other. From the moment you walked into my apartment, I knew I was in trouble. And since I had sex with you before I even knew your name, that feeling was confirmed."

His hands went on his hips as he glared down at her. The jealousy was definitely riding him hard. "That's obviously changed."

"No. It hasn't. I was a virgin then and you have been the only man who has ever touched me like that. You're the only man who has made me feel like it's worth the effort."

"Until my brother came along and I wasn't there to give that to you."

She laughed softly and shook her head. "Dante, you always gave that to me. Every night, sometimes several times. You're energy for making love was exhausting. So believe me when I say that there was nothing left for Cristolo. Ever. Nor did I ever even consider him filling that role. You are the only man who can make me so crazy that I can't think when you touch me."

She could see in his eyes that he was wavering and she pressed on. "There's nothing I can do to prove that to you. I can't produce evidence of something that didn't happen. You're just going to have to look in your heart and find the truth."

She felt his hands on her arms and thought she might have won. But then he dropped them and moved away from her. "Last night never should have happened. I'm sorry I let things get out of control like that."

Sasha sighed and looked away, wracking her brain for some other way to convince him. "Please talk to Cristolo," she finally said. "He needs you in ways you can't even understand."

He ignored her plea and started sifting through the papers on his desk, acting as if he had already dismissed her from his mind. "Was there a reason you are here?"

Sasha's mind traveled back to her initial reason and her heart rate increased once again. Nodding, she faced him with her shoulders squared, braced for his answer. "Last night....did you..." she licked her lips and took a deep breath. Closing her eyes and just spitting out the question. "Did you use a condom?"

When the silence continued, she opened her eyes and looked for him. She found him by his desk, his hands frozen with papers in both fists, but stopped midway.

He dropped the papers and turned to face her, hands on his hips and just as braced as she was. "I thought you were taking birth control pills."

Her stomach dropped out of her body and she fell onto the sofa behind her. "I had been. But the past year....it was....difficult."

His strides ate up the distance between the two of them. "What do you mean 'difficult'?" he demanded.

She shrugged and her shoulders sagged in defeat. "I mean...I haven't been eating well, I've been painting a great deal. I've almost filled up the old barn behind my cottage," she joked as a distraction. "And most days...well...I just forgot."

She watched his hands clench and unclench by his sides. "Are you saying that you're pregnant?"

She shook her head. "No!" she cried out. "Good grief, I wouldn't know that yet. It just happened last night which I would have thought you'd remember."

He ran a hand through his hair and sighed. "I'm sorry. This just threw me for a curve. You're right." He turned to face her. "How likely is it that you might have conceived?"

She shrugged. "I don't know. The reason I should be taking birth control is to regulate my periods," she said, blushing because she still wasn't used to this plain talk about private things.

"How long has it been since you've taken your prescription?"

She bit her lip and looked up at him apologetically. "I can't remember the last time I took any."

"And when was your last period?"

With her face flaming, she took a deep breath. "It's been a while." She simply couldn't understand how he could be so casual about subjects like this but it gave her a small measure of comfort that he could at least discuss the problem.

"So it's definitely a possibility that you conceived last night?"

"Yes."

He ran a hand over his face in frustration. Pulling her into his arms, he held her tight, a gesture she hadn't been expecting, but it was exactly what she needed at the moment. "I'm sorry," she whispered against his chest, her arms going around his waist and hugging him back, loving the feeling of security she felt as he held her like this. So many nights before they came back to Italy, he'd held her like this after making love and they would just talk about their days, sharing little things and laughing about anything.

After several minutes of standing there, enjoying his arms around her, she pulled back and sighed with regret that she had to leave. "I need to get back to the hospital. I left Rennata mid story."

"Aren't you in the middle of a painting?" he asked, still holding her against him.

She felt his chin run against her hair and took a deep breath, loving the smell of him. "I only paint in the mornings and evenings."

He pulled back slightly and looked down at her, a confused expression on his face. "My mother said you spent the whole day up in your studio," he replied with a sigh and pulled her against him once again. "More of her lies, I suppose."

Sasha shuddered, amazed at how they'd both let his family interfere I their relationship. With a sigh, she leaned against him. "Please talk to Cristlolo."

His hand tangled in her hair for a moment, massaging her scalp and neck. "What's so important about a conversation with Cristolo? What can he possibly say that would change our lives? You and I need to talk."

"No. You need to talk with him."

He pulled out of her arms and walked over to his desk. "I have a meeting. Do I have your assurance that you'll let me know if there are any issues that develop from last night?"

She watched him as the sadness crept into her body. "Yes. You'll be the second to know."

His eyes snapped back to hers. "Are you saying Cristolo will be the first? Is it possible that he might also be the father?"

Sasha became angry with that. "Dante, don't you dare insult me like that ever again. Until you speak with your brother and have a conversation with him just back off of those kinds of accusations!"

With that, she spun around on her heel and walked out of his office, slamming the door behind her. "That man is horrible!" she said to his secretary, almost amused by the horrified expression on her face.

She heard the door open and knew that Dante was watching her and a part of her wanted to be evil and go into Cristolo's office. But she didn't want to push his buttons any more than he always did to himself. And she also wanted to get as far away from him as possible, which meant leaving the building completely.

She headed back to the hospital, but Rennata was sleeping peacefully.

Needing some sort of outlet for her fury, she caught a cab back to the house and ran up to her studio, completely ignoring Riasa as she swept past.

In her studio, she lost herself in the colors, letting all of her frustrations flow out with the colors. She didn't even notice the passing of the sun over the horizon and as darkness fell, she slapped on the lights and continued. About midnight, she curled up on the chair by one of the windows, wanting just a short break before she continued.

But her body had something else in mind and, despite the fact that she hadn't cleaned up her brushes or put her paints away, she fell asleep in the chair, letting the darkness and exhaustion soothe her into a deep sleep.

That's where Dante found her when he finally came home. He was just going to check on her in her bed to make sure she was okay, something inside of him needing assurance that she was in his home and safe. When he didn't find her in the bed they'd shared the previous night, he immediately went up to her studio.

With a sigh, he lifted her into his arms and carried her down the stairs. He pulled her shoes off and started to tuck her under the covers, but she pulled his hand and stopped him with the simple, "Don't leave me Dante." Since she was still half asleep, and she hadn't called out for Cristolo, he gave in to the need to hold her in his arms. He could be out of her bed by morning, he told himself. She would probably never even know that he had slept with her.

He pulled off his clothes and slid underneath the covers, pulling her against him and falling asleep with her curled up next to his body.

Sasha woke at some point in the night, wondering why she was still wearing her jeans. When she realized that she was using Dante's chest as her pillow, and half her body was draped over his, she ignored how uncomfortable she was in her jeans and simply enjoyed the luxury of having him next to her. It had been so long since she'd slept this well and she wanted to savor the feeling.

Chapter 6

"I have to fly to London. Is there anything you need from your house?" Dante asked through the cell phone. "I know you've been here longer than you'd anticipated."

Sasha smiled, grateful for the small courtesy. Surely it meant something that he cared enough to make the offer, didn't it?

"I'd love some of my other clothes, if you have time."

"I'll get them," he said and hung up.

Sasha stared at the phone, wondering why he'd been so gruff. She'd woken this morning to find him already gone and had stretched out, hoping to find him in the bathroom or somewhere else. But he was nowhere to be found.

She spent the morning in the studio, cleaning all the brushes she'd left unattended last night and scraped the dried paint off her boards. She spent visiting hours at Rennata's side, reading to her, laughing and just being with her. When Rennata slept, she wandered down the street to the church and sat in the pew, eventually falling into prayer and begging for help, not sure what to do. She'd been here for two weeks now and her life felt like it was in limbo. Rennata was getting better, but she was sure that Sasha and Dante would be getting back together. Sasha was counting the days until she could find out if she was pregnant, terrified of the answer.

Several hours later, Dante strolled through the door of Sasha's tiny cottage. There was so little there, he didn't know how she survived. It was cold and dark and he was irritated that she preferred this to what he offered her. The studio in his house had been built with the best materials, and so many windows to give her the natural light she preferred. He'd hurried to have it finished after their wedding so it was completed by the time she arrived, wanting to surprise her and show her that he liked her art and wanted her to continue. It was the best way he could announce that he was proud of her work and wanted to support her however he could.

She loved painting and he knew it was a part of who she was and how she worked through her problems and happiness.

Not that he could have stopped her from painting, he thought ironically. This poor excuse for a cottage and work studio told him blatantly enough that she could work anywhere.

But why had his mother told him that she now spent the whole day painting? He'd thought about checking with the hospital about Sasha's visits, but instinctively, he knew that his mother hadn't been telling the truth and that Sasha spent most of her days with his grandmother. She looked healthier too, and he suspected that Sasha was the source of all the flowers and books surrounding his grandmother lately. There hadn't been much before her arrival so he couldn't very easily attribute their arrival to his mother.

Why was his mother so against Sasha?

He had the answer before he even finished the thought. His mother had never approved of Sasha, had wanted him to marry the daughter of one of her good friends. She'd never accepted that the relationship would never happen.

Besides, her relationship with his father had been....cold...at best. She'd gone through life doing what was appropriate and expected while his father had gone from one mistress to another. Both his parents had been searching for something they'd never found. His mother wanted approval and acceptance from Roman society while his father wanted a warm, loving companion.

As he went through Sasha's drawers in her bedroom, he cursed at the delicate pieces that he had to pack. Knowing that she would be wearing these little pieces of nothing would be hell on his libido.

He packed up all the clothes he could find, which wasn't a great deal. And most of them were jeans and tee-shirts, all things that she could easily pull on and wear while painting and not care that she messed them up with her oil paints.

As he stood up and zipped her suitcase, he looked through the tiny window of her bedroom and, for the first time, he noticed the old barn on the back of the property. He could see that it had once been rough but someone, presumably Sasha, had restored it to a building that was now more useful but still retained its rugged characteristics.

Moving down the stairs, he saw the keys on the hook by her back door. Curiosity was riding him hard now and he wanted to see what was so important that she had to restore an old building to house it.

The second key on the key ring worked on the lock hanging from the barn door and he pulled it open, ignoring the squeaking hinges. Inside, he saw tarps with mounds underneath them. He pulled the first one back and glanced down. What he saw startled him.

It was his own face. There were probably five or six of them, in varying stages of completion. As he looked at his image, he could see something in the eyes, or the expression. Some looked angry, frustrated, annoyed....and as he pulled back the tarp on the other mounds, he found pictures of him with amusement and.....love.

He knew that Sasha channeled her emotions through her art, putting all of it on canvas. These expressions weren't his, even though they were his image. They were her emotions. As he flipped through the canvases, his heart felt the pain of realizing that she was working through all these emotions, and always ended up with her love for him shining through his eyes.

He felt like he'd been kicked in the gut and was having trouble breathing. What had he done?

He'd been an ass. A hurtful, untrusting ass that had driven away a woman that had done nothing more than love him even though he'd abused her in a very essential way.

With a muttered curse, he carefully covered all the canvasses again, relocked the barn and walked back to her cottage. He grabbed her suitcase and walked back out to his car, driving back to London with crazy speed. He had to get back to her, to apologize and figure out how to make things better between the two of them. He had to make it work, and he prayed he wasn't too late.

It took several hours to get back to Rome and he had his driver take him back to the hospital. He thought about going to his office and talking to Cristolo as she'd pleaded with him to do, but he wanted to talk to her first, to set things right and figure out a way to get her love back.

But when he walked into the hospital room, he found that Rennata was asleep and there was a man holding his wife's hand. "Get your filthy hands off my wife," he commanded, his body instantly stiff and furious.

Sasha's eyes popped open and she looked up worriedly at Dante who looked like he was about to hit someone, specifically Father Michael.

Thankfully, Rennata woke up at that moment and broke the tension. "Don't be an idiot, Dante. Again."

Rennata pushed the pillows at her back and moved to sit up. Sasha immediately stood up to help but threw angry, accusing glances at Dante, showing him her anger over his assumption. "Father Michael and Sasha were just praying over me and asking for God's help to get your head out of your..." she stopped before finishing that sentence. "Perhaps Father Michael was using different words but the thought was accurate." She took a deep breath and turned to her visitors. "Father Michael, I apologize for my grandson's completely unfounded accusation. He does that a lot."

Father Michael stood up and Dante closed his eyes when he realized the man was wearing a collar. It had been hidden from his view when he was sitting, but it was clear now. "I'm sorry, Father. Please accept my apology."

The man chuckled and took Dante's offered hand. "No need to apologize. I've had several conversations with Rennata and she's explained everything to me. " Turning to Sasha and Rennata, he bowed slightly. "I'm sorry to have to leave you but I have several more visits to make today." Turning to Sasha, he took her hand and winked, but Dante couldn't see. "Keep on trying. I think you're going to be okay but don't give up."

Sasha smiled warily and shook his hand, wanting him to leave the hospital room before Dante got the wrong idea again.

"Mi dispiace. I'm sorry," Dante repeated in English with sincerity to both women as soon as the door closed behind the priest. "That was thoughtless of me."

Rennata chuckled and reached out for Dante's hand. "You are my beloved grandson, but you need to learn to trust. Sasha isn't your mother and you need to accept that."

Dante looked over the bed at Sasha and sighed. "I know, Nonna. If you don't mind, I'd like to talk to Sasha alone."

"Take her out to the garden," she said, nodding her approval.

Turning to his wife, he asked her politely, realizing that he couldn't order her like he wanted to. "I'd like a private word with you, if you don't mind."

Sasha stood up and nodded, shaking with the intensity of his expression. Was he going to tell her he wanted a divorce? Was he through not trusting her? He couldn't! Not when she'd finally decided to fight for him and not give up until he finally talked to Cristolo. If he didn't, she'd just have to let Cristolo know that she couldn't keep his secret any longer. It was hurting her marriage and that wasn't something she was willing to let happen. But Dante had to learn to trust her as well. It had to be both ways.

As he walked out into the sunshine, Sasha worried about all the possibilities. Surely he wasn't going to give up on them? They could make it work, she knew they could!

He stopped in the middle of a pretty little area with daffodils starting to bloom with the springtime warmth. A fountain added a water background and there were even dogwood trees about to bloom.

"Dante, before you start, just stop and think about what you're going to say. Please don't give up on us. We can work this out and figure out a way to move forward. I'm not going to let this marriage go."

He looked down at her and was relieved that her feelings for him hadn't changed. He pulled her into his arms and buried his face in her hair, inhaling her soft scent that had always made him want her, no matter where they were. "I've put you through a great deal and you're still willing to work through this?"

She held him tightly, her eyes misting at how much she loved this giant jerk! "Yes. I'll do anything as long as I still have you."

He was still for a moment. "Is this because you found out that you're pregnant?"

She shook her head as best she could with his arms so tight around her. "I don't know yet. I think it still takes a few days before I can test for pregnancy." She stilled herself and looked up at him. "Would you mind terribly if I were pregnant?"

"No!" he groaned. "I would be thrilled if you and I were going to have a child together."

She bit her lip, afraid to ask but afraid not to. "Does this mean that you're not going to ask for a divorce?"

"Never," he said with feeling. "I want you in my life and I'm so sorry I didn't believe you when you told me you weren't sleeping with Cristolo. I was wrong and I can't believe I put you through so much."

"You spoke with him? And are you okay with his decision?" She was gripping his hands with excitement but still some wariness.

He looked down at her curiously. "I haven't spoken with him. I haven't heard of any decision he's made but would you tell me what that might be? I don't want to break any confidences you made with him but I'm hoping we could learn to trust each other. If you could trust me with this, I promise that no matter what's happening in Cristolo's life, I won't be angry."

Sasha thought about all the possibilities and decided that her loyalty needed to be with Dante. Cristolo was a grown man and she'd been through too much to continue keeping a secret that shouldn't even be one. "He's going to marry Gloria. He's been in love with her for three years but she's going to leave him if he doesn't do something about their relationship."

Dante looked down at her, trying to absorb everything she said. "Cristolo is in love? And not with you?"

She laughed and shook her head. "Of course not. He's never been in love with me. It's always been Gloria."

Dante wasn't sure what to do with this news. He was actually light headed with relief that it wasn't something more serious but his next thought was to wonder why his brother wouldn't tell him something like that. "Why the hell hasn't he done something about it before now? Why is he even risking losing a woman he's been in love with for so long?"

Sasha wasn't sure how she could say this, but again, it was time to be honest. "He was going to propose two years ago. But then you brought me back home and Cristolo saw..." she stopped, unsure of how to finish.

"He saw how my mother treated you and didn't want to put his fiancee through that. Am I correct?"

She nodded sadly. "Yes. I'm sorry."

"So my mother has been at the heart of most of this."

"No. I should have done something about this a long time ago as well. I should have insisted on moving to our own place. You suggested it, but I didn't want to be the one to break up the family. Besides, you'd spent so much money building that gorgeous studio for me and I really didn't want to hurt your feelings."

"My mother did that to my father for years, always picking on him and driving him crazy." He led her over to one of the benches. "So my brother has a fiancee, eh?"

"Yes."

"And he was afraid of my mother or of me?"

"Your mother. He knew you'd always approve of him. In fact, he tried to convince me several times to talk to you, to explain why I was so unhappy."

"But you tried to make it work so that my mother wouldn't be hurt. Is that it?"

"Yes." There was no sugar coating the answer.

"The reason I worked so many long hours is because you were painting all the time. I didn't want to disturb you."

She laughed and put her hand on her forehead, flabbergasted by this latest revelation. "The reason I was painting so much was because you were working such long hours. I thought something was wrong at the company and was worried that I was in the way. I didn't want to be a hindrance to you and make you feel guilty for staying at the office so late."

He laughed, deep and ironic. "My assets have improved dramatically with the miscommunication we've been having. I've been working my staff half to death."

She laid her head on his shoulder and smiled. "Maybe I could start looking for a new house? Maybe one that has several bedrooms close to each other?"

He shook his head and pulled her closer. "Cristolo and his wife will have to find their own house. There's no way I'm sharing you with anyone."

Sasha laughed and looked up at him. "I was thinking about children. I'd really love to have several."

He pulled her onto his lap and kissed her, not letting her up for breath for a long time. "We'll move into a hotel room until we find a place to live."

"What will your mother say?" She had no argument for that, preferring the arrangement enormously. She could now understand why Riasa acted the way she did, but that didn't mean she wanted to be around it any longer. She was a disturbed woman who would probably never admit that she was in the wrong.

At least she loved her sons and wanted what was best for them, even if what she thought was best was actually hurting them like nothing else could.

Dante slipped his hand under her tee-shirt, enjoying the way she squirmed on his lap in a feeble, and not very dedicated attempt to avoid his searching fingers. "I don't give a damn what she says. In fact, I might even move my grandmother in with us. Would that be a problem?"

"Of course not. Rennata and I have always had a good friendship."

"And you've been e-mailing her all this time, haven't you?"

She pulled back slightly and looked at him curiously. "How did you know that?"

"I eavesdropped that first day you were with her so I overheard you mention something to her about that. She also told me that the two of you were communicating with each other. Not to mention the fact that one night when she first started becoming ill, she said I was wrong and should get down on my knees and beg you to come back to me. I think she mentioned something about talking to you through e-mail but I was too angry to process that piece of information."

"I kind of like that image," she said, grinning as she touched his neck.

"I'll do it if you'll just forgive me."

She kissed him gently and said, "I do. And will you forgive me for not fighting for our marriage before? I gave in to your anger too soon. I should have forced you to talk to your brother a year ago. And I should have confided in you myself. I kept a secret from you and that wasn't fair."

"I didn't give you much of a choice."

"I folded at the first opportunity. You accused me and I was so furious I just walked out."

"I'm not sure if I would have listened last year. I was too jealous at the idea of anyone touching you."

"No one has ever touched me. Not the way you do." She brought his hand up to her heart and covered his hand, letting him feel the rapid beating of her heart caused only by his nearness and his touch. "I love you. You're the only one who does this to me," she said with tears in her eyes.

Dante looked down at his hand, feeling her heart beat under his fingers. "And this?" he asked, moving his hand slightly so that it was cupping her breast. He watched as the breast instantly peaked under her shirt and smiled.

The shrill voice from across the garden startled them, especially since they had forgotten where they were and any possible audience. "Dante! What are you doing! Take your hand off her breast this instant!" Riasa said from one of the pathways in the garden.

Dante looked over at his mother but didn't move his hand. In fact, he pulled Sasha closer, his other hand moving over her bottom. "Mother, leave us alone or I'm going to make love to my wife right here in the courtyard and you'll really be horrified at what you'll see." His voice was husky and Sasha knew he was only joking, but his mother wasn't so sure.

Riasa couldn't believe what she was hearing. "This is completely undignified! You have a place in society that must be respected. People look up to you and follow your lead. Public displays of affection are not only indecent but it sends the wrong message to anyone who might see a picture of you and your....wife," she snarled out the word, "in the papers tomorrow morning."

"So we'll have lots of people being arrested for public indecency," he mumbled so that only Sasha could hear as he bent his head and covered her mouth gently, kissing her with a tenderness that melted her heart.

Sasha laughed and wrapped her arms around Dante's neck. "You're going to infuriate your mother, you know."

"I don't give a damn."

Neither one of them heard Riasa stomp away, muttering under her breath about the horrible, low-class females that dared to enter a place in society that they weren't prepared to fill.

Epilogue

"They're here!" Sasha called up the stairs as she walked slowly to the front door. "Hurry up!"

Sasha opened the front door to her relatively new house and instantly two little bodies rushed through, eager to see their cousins. "And hello to you too!" she called with a laugh to the two year old boys. Turning back, she faced Cristolo and Gloria who had their arms filled with presents. "Come on in."

"Sorry for the crazy greeting," Gloria said as she kissed Sasha on the cheek before heading into the living room to deposit presents under the tree. "Joey and Luke just couldn't wait any longer."

"Never worry about those two. Antonio and Liza woke us up at five o'clock this morning, asking when you guys would be arriving."

Cristolo cringed as he hugged Sasha himself, careful to avoid putting any pressure on her swollen belly. "And Dante allowed that? I would have thought he would be pretty strict about letting you sleep."

"He's an old softy," she said and sat back down in the chair, her pregnancy of eight months feeling abnormally heavy this morning. "Besides, he enjoys their morning antics. After breakfast, they all went out for a long walk, giving me time to myself."

At that moment, four tiny little bodies rushed through the room, two with dark black hair and two with the same blond as Gloria's magnificent hair. Dante came in a bit more slowly, Rennata on his arm and leaning heavily on a cane. He led her over to the sofa, to a place nearest the fire and the Christmas tree, then went to get her a glass of wine.

"Where's mother this time of year?" Cristolo asked her as he poured a glass of seltzer water for Sasha and a glass of wine for Gloria.

"I believe she's over in Los Angeles this time," Dante mentioned, obviously not caring a whole lot where his mother was. "But she hasn't contacted me in several months, so I can't be sure."

As the nine of them gathered later that night for Christmas dinner, Dante looked down the table and saw his wife and brother. His mother so completely disapproved of both Gloria and Sasha that she refused to take part in these celebrations. But he couldn't be happier himself. He had a daughter on the way, twin sons and his brother back, not to mention a sister in law who loved his brother and completely ignored all of his obvious flaws and two rambunctious nephews who were always a delight. He worried about his grandmother's health, but he preferred to concentrate on the happy moments now. Sasha had taught him how to do that, he knew. And he would always treasure her for that gift.

He caught her eye as he gazed down at the other end of the table. Raising his glace, he gave her a silent salute, an unspoken declaration of his love for her and their family.

