Chapter 1

The storm approaching was extraordinary with one half of the morning sky lit up with the rising sun and the other half blazing with fierce lightening as an early morning storm quickly approached. It was a rare, meteorological event that should have captured Rashid's attention, but his eyes were captured on something much more fascinating.

The woman standing on the side of the road, bent over the hood of her car had possibly the cutest derriere he'd ever seen in his entire life. A sweet bottom like that should be on a woman much more rotund, but instead, that amazing, adorable bottom was paired with a slender waist and long, lean legs that were slightly tanned and looked to be well toned underneath the well worn denim shorts. Her lustrous, dark brown hair cascaded over one shoulder and, although he couldn't see the face at the moment, he was hoping that her facial features would match the figure he'd been surveying for possibly the last five minutes.

While Rashid Samara Bousaid, Sheik of Tasain continued his fascinated perusal, his eyes glanced up at the storm once again, then at the black smoke rising out of the obviously broken engine of the ancient car. Thinking to do the heroic act and save his damsel in distress, he nudged his stallion forward with his heels. As ruler of Tasain, he rarely had time to ride anymore so when he'd woken with a precious free hour this morning, he'd immediately thrown on a pair of old riding pants and a well worn pair of riding boots and left the house before anyone could use up this unanticipated free time. Seeing this lovely wood nymph that needed his assistance had only improved his mood.

"Need some help?" Rashid asked as he stopped his horse, Zafir, at the edge of the gravel road.

Sidra pulled her hand off of the filthy radiator where she'd just located the mechanical problem when she heard the deep voice. She pulled her head out from under the metal hood of the useless vehicle and looked around to identify the voice. What she saw was definitely not human, and didn't appear to be friendly at all! She stumbled backwards once before regaining her footing and realizing that the giant, brown muzzle was part of a horse. An extremely large horse!

The enormous horse was staring at her with what looked to be furious black eyes and bared teeth. When she took a step back, she realized that the horse was just standing there on the side of the road waiting and she took a deep breath, putting a hand over her rapidly beating heart. "Goodness, you startled me," she said and peered around the horse's head to see the man sitting in the saddle. And then her heart truly did increase in pace, feeling as though it might just fly out of her chest.

As she stared at the tall, black haired man with crystal blue eyes, she just about stumbled over her feet all over again. His skin was tanned and his shoulders were almost as wide as the horse's. Or maybe they just looked that way in the white polo shirt he was wearing.

As he climbed down from the horse, her eyes were magnetized by the strong muscles flexing in his legs that she could see even through the material of his riding pants. As her eyes traveled upwards, she was even more impressed. Her mind told her to look away, but her eyes had a different opinion and she couldn't seem to stop herself from surveying the rest of the man. Broad, muscular shoulders, very tall, and those eyes! She'd never seen that color blue before and she'd seen lots of blue eyed people in her life. Maybe it was just the tanned skin and almost black hair that made those eyes appear so incredible, but whatever the reason, the man was really quite magnificent.

"I apologize for startling you," he replied softly as he approached. "I saw you from the tree line and noticed the smoke coming from your vehicle. Do you need some help?"

Sidra finally pulled her eyes away from the man, embarrassed that she'd been staring like that. Could she be more obvious, she berated herself.

She looked back at the tiny vehicle she'd rented at the airport this morning upon her arrival and wanted to kick the obnoxious machine. "The alternator belt has snapped and I suspect there's a hole in the radiator. So unless you have an extra motor belt and some soldering materials in that saddle bag, I don't think there's much you can do, but I appreciate your offer." She tried to be brave and hold the man's gaze, but he was just too tall, too intimidating and just too darn handsome. She glanced down at her clothes, wishing she was wearing something more sophisticated than jeans shorts and this plain tee-shirt. Even her hair was probably flat after having traveled most of the night on a cramped plane. Her only excuse was that it was going to be a hot day and she'd been traveling all night.

Rashid had no idea what an alternator belt was and he suspected that the soldering materials would do something to fix the radiator, but wasn't sure how. "I'm afraid I don't have either of those, but if you tell me where you're going, I can help you find that location."

She smiled at his formal words which were softened by the melodic accent but, coming from the United States, she suspected that perhaps most of the people in this country were pretty formal. His accent didn't sound British, though. It was foreign, but she couldn't place it easily and her mind wasn't functioning in top form right at the moment. Her heart sped up crazily when he smiled that incredible smile at her and she had to glance away again, although she peeked back up at him when she found a spare bit of courage.

When his eyebrows went up, she realized that he'd asked her a question and she jumped slightly. "Oh, um...yes...location." She slammed the hood of the car closed and pulled the map off of the roof of the car. She'd spread it out earlier in an effort to try and find out where she was and how she could reach her destination. She looked back down at the map she'd been trying to figure out and pointed to her desired location. "I'm visiting a friend and I know she's here," Sidra said, pointing to a place on the map she'd identified at the airport, "and I think I'm here. But nothing seems to be making any sense."

Rashid looked at the map spread out on the car's hood and, without cracking a smile, turned the map so that it was oriented properly, which meant that it was no longer upside down. With a long finger, he pointed to where she was. "If you follow this road back around," he explained, smothering his amusement at her groan of frustration, "then you'll be to your destination in about five minutes."

Sidra smacked her forehead and shook her head in embarrassment. "I've been driving around in this ridiculous rental car for the past hour! And now you're telling me I'm only five minutes away?"

"It would appear so," he said and one side of his mouth turned up with the amusement he couldn't hide any longer. "It's a common mistake," he lied, trying to make her feel better. She looked annoyed with herself but her pretty hazel eyes were looking back up at him so he tried to hide his laughter, but it was difficult.

Sidra glanced at him out of the corner of her eye, feeling ridiculous in front of this incredible stranger who probably never had trouble reading a map. "Go ahead, you can laugh. I'm a directional idiot but my only excuse is that I'm not used to reading a map. I generally just plug in the location of wherever I want to go and my car's GPS tells me to turn right or left." She grimaced and looked away, "Or make a U turn and try again when I miss a particular turn."

Rashid laughed softly and folded her map. "Since the storm is approaching quickly and your vehicle doesn't appear able to participate in the endeavor, perhaps you would allow me to help you reach your destination?"

Sidra looked around him, staring at the giant horse, then back up at the handsome man. "I think I'll just phone my friend and tell her where I am. She can pick me up in a few minutes. Surely she can out-drive that storm," she said as she glanced back over her shoulder at the approaching dark clouds.

Rashid chuckled at her obvious fear of his horse. She was cute in a sexy, kittenish kind of way as she looked warily at the large animal. "Nonsense," he replied. "I promise no harm will come to you." He turned on his heel and grabbed Zafir's reigns. The slender woman was already backing away and shaking her head but he ignored her and threw himself into the saddle. Maneuvering Zafir alongside the woman, he simply reached down and pulled her onto his lap, then squeezed his knees to tell Zafir to move. "I'll have you to your friend's house in no time," he said.

Sidra clenched the man's arms as if they were a life jacket and she could barely breathe for several moments as the horse cantered in the direction she hoped was her friend's apartment. She wasn't sure if her breathlessness was because she was on top of the scary horse or because her whole back was pressed against this man's muscular chest and abdomen, his thighs pressing against the backs of her legs.

"Relax," he said a moment later, his mouth sensuously close to her ear and she shivered involuntarily.

"I can't."

"What's your name?" Rashid asked, and pulled her higher up on his thigh to help her get more comfortable, his arm holding her around her stomach and waist. She was more slender than he'd thought, but round in all the right places. From his vantage point, he had an excellent view of her lovely breasts, the nude colored lace on the upper swell enticing him as no other lingerie had ever done before.

Sidra heard his voice but honestly wished he would stop talking. His deep, husky voice was creating ripples of pleasure to shoot throughout her body and she was having a great deal of trouble concentrating on staying on top of the horse.

"Sidra," she finally whispered and tried to look off into the distance. She didn't see the storm clouds, nor did she see the sunrise coming up over the horizon in the other direction. All she saw were his strong hands holding her even though her eyes were no longer looking downward. His arms were extremely strong and on the one hand, she felt very secure and comforted by that strength. But on the other hand, she was more aware of him as a man than she should be. It was embarrassing to feel so strongly about a man she'd just met only moments ago.

"That's a very nice name," he replied. "Latin meaning 'of the stars'. Very appropriate."

She turned slightly and looked up at him. "How do you know that?" she asked, then quickly pulled her eyes away. Those blue eyes were looking at her as if he could tell that she was quivering inside, as if he knew how much she wanted him to touch her!

"Latin is a very basic language."

She was horrible with languages so couldn't add anything to that comment. She supposed Latin was basic but since she could barely pass her required French courses in high school, she had to accept his word for it. "What's your name?"

"Rashid." He didn't bother to tell her that very few people outside of his family were allowed to call him by his first name. He could have told her his title, which was what most people used, but he didn't want that between them. There was something about this woman that was different. He had no basis for that assumption but there was something about her that pulled at him. Something deep and invisible, but powerful. He should probably walk away from her, ignore her allure and ride in the other direction. This feeling, or perhaps instinct, was probably dangerous since he'd just met her. She could be an assassin for all he knew. But he was going with his gut on this one, which told him that she was feeling exactly as he was right at the moment. He couldn't define it, but it felt wonderful. And she felt perfect in his arms.

Sidra wanted to ask him so many questions, or perhaps just listen to his deep, sexy voice. But her mind was blank as his warm hands held her steady on the massive animal. She wasn't even concerned about how uncomfortable she was in the saddle because she felt so wonderful wherever he was touching her. "Where are you from?"

"I own a house over there," he explained, pointing towards the east. Sidra glanced in that direction, but all she saw was a line of trees. There was a fence along parts of the tree line but she had no idea if that delineated the perimeter of his property or if it was just a random fence for one of his neighbors.

"You're not from Great Britain, are you?" she asked, her curiosity increasing the more she heard him speak.

"No."

She smiled and turned slightly, looking up at him. "Are you going to tell me where you are from?"

Rashid considered the possible answers. He could tell her he was from Tasain and only here on business, or he could name one of several other countries where he owned property. But for some reason, he didn't want to lie to this beautiful woman, or even prevaricate. Evan a half truth seemed like a betrayal. Odd, he thought silently, he'd never had any qualms about stating his heritage before but with Sidra, he wanted to be just a man who was in the same area as she was.

"I'm actually from Tasain."

Sidra laughed and looked forward. "I heard it's a pretty harsh country. What do you do there?"

"It's actually a very beautiful country, if you know how to live in the dessert."

She hesitated, her fingers still holding his arms, but she no longer needed that reassurance. The man held her with confidence and strength. She simply didn't want to stop touching him, even though he probably didn't even realize her hands were pressing against his warm skin.

"Where are you from?" he asked after a pregnant pause.

Sidra was relieved. At least this was something she could talk about. "I'm from the United States."

"Which state?"

She smiled. Most people either didn't know to ask which state, or they thought everyone was from New York or California. "I live right outside of Washington, D.C."

"Maryland or Virginia?" he persisted.

Sidra had to laugh and turn around. "Virginia of course."

"Why of course?"

She shook her head and stared forward. "There's just a running battle between Maryland and Virginia about which state is more beautiful. In reality, they're equally lovely but the underlying argument rages within the confines of the metro area."

"Is it true about Virginia?" he asked softly.

Sidra knew exactly what he was talking about and blushed, not sure exactly how to answer that. "I suppose there are many lovers in Virginia."

"Anyone waiting for you to come back from your European jaunt?"

She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "No. No one."

He didn't say anything for a long time. Finally she heard him say quietly, "Stupid men in Virginia." The comment gave her a soft, warm glow and she secretly hugged the knowledge that he thought she was attractive. At least, that's what she thought he might be saying to her.

"And what about you? Is there someone in Tasain or back at your house that might be missing you while you're here on business?"

"How do you know I'm here on business and not for pleasure?"

She turned around slightly, looking at his strong, handsome features. "For some reason, I don't think you have a great deal of pleasure in your life." She blushed when he raised an eyebrow at her statement and Sidra stammered out, "Well, I mean....you don't seem like the kind of man who takes vacations."

Rashid chuckled softly, enjoying her embarrassment. She was an extremely lovely young woman, but when she blushed, her soft cheeks were even more alluring. "I suppose you're right. And I'm here on business for the week."

She nodded her head and looked around. They were coming into the village now and she wanted to turn the horse around and have more time with him. If her directions were correct, Laura's house was only about three blocks away. She didn't want to leave him, even though he hadn't assured her that he wasn't taken by some fabulously gorgeous woman.

"I don't want to drop you off," he said, his deep voice in her ear and his arms tightened around her waist.

She smiled and bowed her head. "I don't want to go either. You've been a wonderful interlude, but I'd better get to my friend's house."

"And if I asked you to stay with me at my house?"

Sidra laughed. "We just met a few moments ago," she said, but that glow increased in intensity.

Rashid sighed and steered the horse towards the area she'd said her friend resided. He didn't mention that many women wouldn't need to know much more about him other than his title and position before throwing themselves at him. This woman, as he'd suspected all along, was different though. He respected that much more about her but that didn't ease the ache in his chest at the idea of giving her up to her friend.

"She's just around the corner," Sidra said, pointing to the red building at the edge of the village that was just starting to stir for the morning. There were a few people milling about, some with coffee cups in their hand, the paperboy on his bike and a police officer walking out of the diner on the opposite corner.

"Maybe I should just turn around and ride off with you in my arms. I could convince you to ride away with me in the sunset, Sidra from Virginia."

She laughed. "That doesn't even happen in the movies."

"What do you do in Virginia?"

"I'm an interior designer."

"Hmmm..."

She shifted around, trying to figure out what he meant by that mumble. "What's that for?"

He shrugged his broad shoulders and pulled on the reigns to stop his horse. "I was just thinking that I might need your services soon. Some of my rooms are looking a bit dated."

Sidra smiled brightly. "I'd love to help with any projects."

He swung down over the horse but when she started to follow, he put his hand on her thigh to stop her. "This isn't over Sidra. I want to see you again."

She looked down at him and felt happiness wash over her. "I don't know how that's going to be possible. Laura has been trying to get me to visit for months but things are pretty busy right now."

He put his hands on her waist and lifted her down, holding her in place while he looked into her pretty hazel eyes. "Things have a way of happening."

"You're here!" Laura burst out of her building, her blond hair billowing out behind her as she rushed up to Sidra, throwing her arms around her in a huge hug. "I'd been expecting you an hour ago. What happened?" she asked, then turned to see the tall man standing next to her friend. "Goodness! And what have you brought for us today?" Laura asked, linking her arm with Sidra's.

Rashid kept his face neutral, but the blue eyes of the blond woman were sizing him up and he knew it was time for an escape. "I must be on my way." Turning to Laura, he said, "Sidra's car is over on the Willow Bend Road. I'll arrange to have it towed and a replacement delivered immediately."

Sidra shook her head. "You don't have to do that. I'll call the rental agency and have them exchange cars."

"I insist," Rashid countered and before his little woman could argue further, he climbed back into Zafir's saddle and turned the horse around. "Until next time," he said to Sidra, then nudged his horse and they were off down the street at a fast pace.

Sidra watched him ride off, her eyes sad because she suspected she'd never see that man again.

Laura watched Sidra carefully, seeing the look in her eyes and her smile grew wider. "I think you have some explaining to do," she said and pulled Sidra into the building, understanding her friend's reluctance but since they couldn't see the horse and rider any longer, there was no reason to stand out in the open like this.

Sidra walked up the stairs of Laura's building, wishing she'd had just a few more moments with Rashid. Or maybe a few more hours. Days perhaps? Anything but the short time they'd spent together. She glanced down at her watch and realized that they'd known each other less than twenty minutes and she felt sad that she'd never see the man again.

All that day, Sidra fought the jet lag that was pushing against her. She and Laura took the train into London, all the while, dodging questions about how she'd met the man on the horse. They dined that night with some of Laura's colleagues, but by eight o'clock that night, Sidra couldn't stay awake any longer. When Laura finally brought her back to her flat, Sidra washed her face, brushed her teeth and fell into bed exhausted.

Chapter 2

Sidra looked around the thick area of trees, feeling the cold, damp grass below her feet and wondered what time the man usually woke up. She knew that she wouldn't see him this morning, but it was nice to fantasize about him and remember what it felt like to have his arms around her waist, his strong chest against her back. She shivered at the memory of those crystal, blue eyes looking down at her, smiling at her.

She continued walking along the dirt path she and Laura had walked the previous day while they talked about her flight and catching up on what they hadn't been able to say over e-mail or via phone. The morning felt good and the cool air was nice on her face. As she walked, her feet were silent with the spring growth padding her feet, letting the moist, morning air swirl around her, grateful for the lower number of bugs that were usually present in the evenings. That didn't mean the absence of tiny critters she thought as she avoided putting her hand on a damp leaf, a small spider perched precariously on the tip as it prepared to move across to the next branch while weaving its web for the day. Moving around the web, she followed the stream, jumping over the rocks and eventually finding a large rock to perch upon.

The stone beneath her was cold but it felt good to have something solid beneath her. It helped her feel something. Helped her look around and notice things that she wouldn't have seen two days ago.

Sidra thought back to the arguments she and Laura had laughed about over the past three months. Laura had been adamant that Sidra was going to visit and Sidra had been just as firm that she didn't have time.

"You don't have time for anything! You work twelve and fourteen hours a day and when you aren't working, you just go out browsing the furniture and design stores so that you can do your work better! You need a break. You haven't stopped since we graduated and you're going to burn out if you don't stop soon!"

Sidra had disagreed with Laura on all arguments. She worked hard, but she felt energized when she was on a project. "I'm not going to burn out, Laura. I love my job and I've just been promoted. There's no way I can take the time to come visit now. Things are really picking up."

"Sidra, there's so much more to life that designing someone else's rooms," Laura argued. Sidra was an interior designer and had been hired right out of design school by one of the top designers in the industry for her area. She loved her job, was very good at it and was just starting to be asked for specifically within the firm. She'd designed so many bedrooms and living rooms and just recently, one had been featured in a magazine. It was a small magazine, but she'd been so proud of the end result. No matter how many times it happened, a designer always loved to have her work featured in any publication.

"Laura, I just can't. Not right now."

Laura had kept on nagging until Sidra had finally given in. She'd only taken a four day weekend, but sitting here in the middle of the woods, she realized that she really was missing a great deal of life. She smiled as she remembered the previous morning when she'd arrived on Laura's doorstep, Rashid helping her off of his horse, his hands firm around her waist and looking so incredibly handsome in a dangerous, mean, yet oh-so-gentle kind of way. And those eyes! They were the kinds of eyes a woman could fall into and never want to come out of. They looked on her like she was some sort of delicious dessert and she wouldn't mind, at least theoretically, if she were eaten up. That man had sex appeal coming out of his eye brows!

She leaned back and looked at the lightening sky through the trees. Her rental car had been delivered to Laura's house about an hour after she'd been dropped off by Rashid. She had no idea if he'd fixed it or if one of his friends had done so, but the alternator belt had been replaced and the radiator repaired. She still hadn't tried to drive it, but she felt a warm glow inside of her thinking that he'd taken so much time to help her out. And it couldn't have been easy, she thought. Rashid's horse was magnificent, but she didn't think he had a lot of money. The riding pants he'd been wearing had been covered in mud and his boots, at one point had probably been owned by a great man, but they were now beaten up and well worn. The man was exceptionally built so she assumed he probably worked with horses a great deal.

Goodness, was she fantasizing about having an affair with a man who was poor? Laura would get a real laugh out of that!

Sidra wasn't a snob, but Laura teased her about all the men she was around, men who could take care of her and dress her in the most beautiful clothes if she would only flirt a little more openly, be friendlier and take those advances the men were offering.

Sidra wasn't like that. She didn't want to win a husband, she wanted to win respect. She'd lived too long in the shadow of her brother, a successful stock broker who had always teased her that she'd never make it in the world with her soft, creative heart.

Maybe he'd been right. She loved her brother Ryan, but he was cold, calculating and at only two years older than she was, had made a great deal of money. That wasn't the path she wanted to take though. She didn't want to make a lot of money. She wanted to make beauty. She wanted the world to be a better place to live in and she knew she could use the creative gifts God had given her to make things nicer.

She wasn't weak, she told herself, arguing against what her brother always said about her. She was strong, but kind hearted. Which was why she worked for a design firm who handled the business side of things instead of going out on her own. They collected the money, while she enjoyed the creative side of the business. Well that, and the fact that she didn't have any clients! Having clients is pretty essential to her dreams, she thought with a smile. Ryan had to approve of that side of the issue at least.

She needed to call him. She hadn't talked to him in about a week and they usually caught up with each other more often than that. He must be pretty busy because he rarely let a weekend go by without checking in with her. He'd raised her after their parents died and it had been pretty tough for a while. But he'd pulled them through that crisis at an age when he was much too young to be bearing the responsibility of a young sister to raise. She'd never forget him for that. She owed him a lot.

"You look exceptionally beautiful when you smile like that, Sidra," a deep voice said as the man and horse walked quietly through the damp forest towards her.

Sidra quickly stood up, startled that the man she'd just been thinking about would suddenly materialize in front of her like that. "What are you doing here?"

He took several steps closer, watching her the whole time and uncaring of any little creatures that might crawl along the leaves. "Hoping you would come for a walk through these woods at the same time you drove into my life yesterday." He halted and smiled, "Or more specifically, didn't drive into my life."

She couldn't believe he'd actually said those words. Wasn't he supposed to prevaricate and tell her that he'd only been coming on a morning walk like he usually did? "Aren't you supposed to pretend that this was an accidental meeting?"

His horse stepped over the stream and came closer, allowing him to look down at her with a raised eyebrow. "Why would I do that?"

She looked around, shrugging her shoulders in confusion. "Because you're a guy and men need to pretend like they aren't interested until a woman shows that they're interested?"

He chuckled as he threw his long leg over his horse and dismounted. "And are you interested? In me?" He walked up to her, leaving just a foot of space between their bodies as he looked down at her.

She thought about lying, or at a minimum, telling him that she thought he was handsome but not that she was interested. But there was something about the way he was looking at her that forced the truth from her. "Yes. Very much so," she finally said, looking down at her hands that were clenched on top of her knees from the nervousness he generated within her. "You're a very interesting man."

He smiled and Sidra was glad she'd been honest. "What do you know of me?"

She laughed, pretending that her blush wasn't so obvious and looked up at him. "I know that you have no mechanical knowledge at all when it comes to cars, but you're very good at reading maps."

"And is that all?" he asked, leaning forward slightly.

"And you're very handsome."

He quirked an eyebrow. "No one has ever said I was handsome before."

She tilted her head to the side, considering his features. "You are. Not in the pretty boy kind of way, but there's a harshness to you that's very attractive. Very handsome."

His eyes were intense, the blue coming out as icicles for some reason. She shivered with that intensity, wishing she could run and hide all of a sudden. "You're a very kind person."

She shook her head and raised an eyebrow back at him. "Are you trying to tell me that the ladies don't throw themselves at you continuously? I won't believe it at all."

Rashid threw back his head and laughed, delighted with her honesty. She was partly right. Women did throw themselves at him, but he knew it was because of his title and his power or wealth. He wasn't a handsome man but he took advantage of anything they were offering. He didn't care that they were superficial women who wanted something from him. He knew their game and played it well. "Perhaps women find something in me that they want," was all he would admit to at the moment.

She smiled and wondered why his laughter could make her heart skip a beat. "I think you're being modest, but that's a very kind thing I suppose."

Now she was telling him he was kind? He could go for attractive perhaps, but no one would ever dare to call him kind. "In what way?"

She shifted on the rock so that she could face him more fully. She wished she could throw herself into his arms, but thought that would be just too forward. "Most men, in my experience, are braggarts that rarely live up to their opinions of themselves. You, on the other hand, probably have a great many talents hidden behind those pretty blue eyes," she said and batted her own hazel ones up at him, "but are trying to convince me that women only pant after you for your physique."

Rashid smiled and Sidra's mind instantly conjured up a wolf about to eat her for dinner. It was quite breathtaking and she stared back at him, hoping he would break this tension that was slowly building between the two of them. "And what adjective would you use to describe my physique."

She looked down and turned away, suddenly shy and knew that her face was once again suffused with painful color. "Don't be coy, Rashid. You know that you're amazingly well built." She stood up and walked a couple of steps away from the rock, trying to put some distance between them. She was honestly afraid she might throw herself into his arms, just to feel him touching her like he had yesterday.

Rashid was looking at her very delightful derriere when she said that but her words made his eyes move upwards and he caught her eye. "I'm not sure that 'well built' is a good thing."

"Are you fishing for compliments?" she asked, laughing at his aggressive expression. She knew she should probably be wary. She was alone in the woods with a man she barely knew who was possibly ten times stronger than she was. But this man didn't scare her like some of her previous dates. Ryan would be furious if he knew she was here though.

"What are you thinking right now?" Rashid asked out of the blue.

Sidra blinked at the quick change in subjects and looked up at him. "I was thinking that Ryan wouldn't like me being here alone with you."

Rashid couldn't believe the fury another man's name created within him. "Who the hell is Ryan? And why should he care if you're alone with me?"

Sidra instantly felt bad for her lack of an explanation. She turned to face him fully, not wanting to play the normal games men and women played upon an initial meeting. He hadn't done that with her and she would give him the courtesy of not doing that with him. "I'm sorry, that came out sounding awful and I didn't mean to even try to make you jealous. Ryan is my older brother and he's very protective of me. Sometimes I don't even tell him when I start dating a guy because Ryan will have a background check done on the man and it's a bit intimidating. I don't like knowing all the bad things a guy has done before I even know what his favorite food is."

Instantly Rashid felt better, both in hearing that she's not dating another man as well as the fact that she had an older brother to watch out for her. "As well he should. I have two younger sisters as well and I doubt that I would allow them to be in the forest with a strange man under any circumstances. You should respect your brother's wishes."

She didn't like those words. Was he telling her that he didn't think she should be here? She wasn't afraid of him so much as afraid of what she wanted to do with him, a completely different issue. Possibly still a good reason to leave the area and find a place where she was able to maintain her sanity, but she didn't want to leave him. "Are you telling me that I should leave here immediately?"

Rashid stepped forward, seeing the hurt look in her eyes. An honorable man would tell her that she should leave and walk away as fast as possible. His intentions were not honorable. He wanted this woman with a driving intensity that seemed to be increasing the more he spoke with her. And yet, there was an odd, protective side to his feelings as well. Something he'd never felt before with someone outside of his family.

This woman with her soft, pretty hazel eyes was a mystery he wanted to unravel. Both with her kind, soft-hearted smile as well as her lush figure, he didn't understand why he wanted to pull her down into the damp grass and make love to her, and at the same time, tell her to run as far away from him as possible. He was a dangerous man and being associated with him was hazardous in ways she couldn't even begin to understand.

She'd been so honest with him, he couldn't be any less to her, even if it wasn't what he wanted. "You would probably be better off if you did so."

Sidra heard the words, but there was something in his eyes that struck her. It was an odd vulnerability that she wouldn't have thought possible in a man so strong and confident. "Are you really that dangerous?" she asked and stepped closer to him.

He saw how close she was and wanted to pull her against him, to bury his hands in her gorgeous, dark hair and kiss those soft lips. He wanted to hear his name on those lips as he pressed slowly into her heat and when she climaxed in his arms. "You don't know me. How can you know if I'm telling the truth if I deny it?"

She laughed despite her racing heartbeat and wobbly knees. "If my friend Laura heard that kind of a statement, she would be telling me to get away from you. She watches all those criminal investigations television shows and would immediately think that you're some sort of serial killer."

Rashid laughed again, delighted with her sense of humor. "I guarantee that I'm not a serial killer."

She smiled up at him, her eyes twinkling. "Would a serial killer really admit that he was if he had his latest victim alone in the woods?" She was teasing him, but she sincerely felt safe with him. Well, safe from physical harm. Not safe from being kissed. Which she wished he would do.

"Probably not," he replied, all laughter gone. "I'm going to kiss you though."

Sidra thought her heart might stop in her chest with those words. And then began pounding so hard she thought it might just burst out of her body. Her fingers were shaking and her body was both clamoring for his touch and at the same time, telling her to run away.

Instead, she took a step forward and placed her hand on his chest. "I think I'd like that very much."

He covered her hand, noting the shivering under his palm and he saw the pulse at the base of her throat increase visibly. "Why don't you let me know when you're sure," he said and stepped forward, not touching her except where her hand was touching his chest. He wanted to pull her into his arm and ravage those full, red lips but something held him back. Take it slow, he told himself. This woman was not like the others who normally pursued him. She was too delicate, too soft-hearted. She didn't know how to play the game, which was evidenced by the honesty she put forth each time she spoke.

She bit her lip and looked down, taking in the strong, tanned hand covering her pale one on his chest. She felt his heart and noticed that it was strong and sure, unlike hers that was racing in a way that made her almost gasp for breath. As she looked up at him, she felt his heartbeat increase and that gave her the confidence she needed to say, "I'm pretty sure."

He smiled and moved his hands to her waist, feeling the softness and noting how slender she really was. "Getting better. But you're not completely sure, are you."

She took a deep breath and raised her face up to his. "Yes. I'm very sure. But I thank you for giving me the time to back out of it and run screaming out of the woods."

Rashid stood there for a stunned moment, absorbing her words. Again, he laughed softly at her quip but didn't hesitate any longer. He couldn't. Kissing her had now become an imperative, an absolute that couldn't wait.

He savored the anticipation though, enjoying her beautiful face and her scared but eager eyes looking up at him as he slowly bent lower. When his lips covered hers, he pulled her against him, feeling her full breasts and her soft body as it gently pressed against him. Almost innocently, he thought.

The kiss was gentle at first, just a flirtation of a kiss. He rubbed his lips over hers, testing the texture and enjoying the anticipation. With her sweet sigh, he lifted his head and looked down at her. The small smile and the way she almost pulled back, as if that were the end of their embrace and it made him rebel at such a tentative taste. There was no way he was letting her get away with just that touch. He wanted more. So much more!

He pulled her closer, his arms wrapping around her and bent again, this time, his mouth wasn't tentative. He didn't demand, but coaxed her to participate, feeling her shivers as he slowly deepened the kiss, teasing her lips apart and catching her gasp of pleasure in his mouth as his tongue invaded, tasting her sweetness over and over again.

Sidra clung to his arms, her fingers wrapping around his biceps as he pulled her against him, his hand moving down against her back and pressing her against his hard body. She gasped when he deepened the kiss but her mind reveled in the glorious taste of this man who fascinated her so deeply. She wanted to know everything there was to know about him. How he thought, what he did, why he loved horses so much and she especially wanted him to kiss her, to kiss her like this forever. She never wanted him to stop and loved the way he teased and demanded, coaxed and cajoled with his mouth. She'd never experienced such a kiss before. Having endured the sloppy kisses of boys before now, she was enamored of this man's touch.

As he pulled away, she noticed that his hand was tangled in her hair and his body had hardened in areas that hadn't been there before. She blushed as she took a step back, leaning slightly against the rock behind her because she knew her legs wouldn't hold her.

"I scared you," he said as he watched her look down at her hands which were clasped demurely in front of her.

Sidra looked up, not wanting to appear childish in his eyes. "Not at all," she lied and bit her lower lip, wondering how she could convince him. "It's just that I don't even know your last name or anything about you except that you work with horses and you're a good rider."

Rashid didn't correct her that he worked with horses because he sometimes did exercise the horses when he felt the need. He had an entire stable of horses a t the various houses he owned but that wasn't his occupation. Better that she think of him as just another guy from the village instead of his real identity.

"Let's walk," he said and took her hand, placing it in the crook of his arm in an old-world gentlemanly way. "Tell me about yourself," he said softly and tried to calm down the raging lust that was surging through his body. She was such a treasure, he wanted to savor her as long as possible. He'd seen the lie in her eyes and knew that she'd never been kissed like that. "What do you do?"

Sidra felt better, feeling on safer ground talking about her occupation. "I'm an interior designer," she said and answered his questions about her life, then asked him how he knew so much about horses. They walked for about an hour before she realized what time it was. "I'd better get back to Laura. She's generally up about this time each morning and I don't really want an interrogation if I'm gone too long."

He read the hesitation in her eyes and wanted to find the source. "You don't want her to know you've spent time with me." He said it as a statement but Sidra could tell by the look in his eyes that he didn't understand.

"It isn't what you're thinking." She bit her lip and turned to face him. "I just don't want her to know because she would want to ask me questions that I don't want her to know about. She won't relent until I tell her details. With you, I don't want to share those details." It felt almost dishonest to think of telling Laura about how she felt being with Rashid and how wonderful it was when he kissed her. She wanted to keep this just between the two of them. Not because it felt wrong. But because it felt so wonderfully right.

He reached out and pushed a strand of hair that the wind had dislodged from the rest of her tresses. "You've shared these details in the past with this woman about your dates?"

Sidra cringed, but acknowledged that she had shared with her friend. "Yes. We shared everything in school."

The smile he gave her then was filled with arrogance and Sidra cringed again, knowing she'd revealed too much about how she felt about him.

"I understand."

Sidra sighed and shook her head. "I don't think you do, but that's okay."

He stepped forward, taking her hand and putting it on his chest where it had been before. "You don't want to tell her that you've kissed me. Because she'll ask you about the other men you've kissed and will want a comparison. A ranking."

Sidra grimaced at his spot on understanding. "Yes."

"And you won't want to tell her that I'm at the top of the ranking." He smiled smugly down at her.

For some reason, she wanted to wipe that silly smug look off of his face. "Maybe you're actually at the bottom of the ranking and I don't want her to know that you're technique is faulty."

In response, Rashid leaned over her, his hands on the rock behind her holding him up so he was looming over her. "I wouldn't want you to be dishonest at this point in our relationship, Sidra," he said and his lips captured hers in a kiss that took her breath away. He didn't touch her except with his mouth but as his lips moved over hers, he took possession, her mind scattering as she trembled with the need for more while he ravished her thoroughly.

By the time he lifted his mouth away from her, she was shaking with the need for more, her body trembling while her hands fisted in his shirt.

He looked down at her, his eyes on fire and lit with a need that made her gasp with both fear and the same need. "I'm sorry," she whispered softly. One hand untangled from his shirt and she placed her hand on his cheek. "That was thoughtless of me and I shouldn't have teased you like that."

"Was it only teasing?"

She sighed and her eyelids dropped to cover her shame. "No. And I'm sorry for that as well. I was trying to..."

His finger came up to press against her lips. "I know what you were doing. But please, we have only a short time together. Let's promise to be honest with each other until you have to leave."

She looked up at him, swallowing the shame and frustration she was feeling. "Okay."

His finger moved from her lips across her cheek, lightly tickling her earlobe and getting a shiver in response. "Will you meet me here again tomorrow morning?"

"Yes," she replied without thinking. She wasn't even sure how, but she'd get here.

"Good." He bent down and pressed a gentle kiss against her lips. This was a gentle kiss though. Barely there before he pulled away. "Go now. Before I don't let you."

Sidra smiled up at him, but she slipped underneath his arms and hurried back along the path. She looked back at him, expecting him to be climbing back onto that enormous horse and riding away but when she glanced back, he was standing there staring at her, his hands on his hips and an odd expression on his face.

She waved to him, but hurried back towards the village, needing to get there before Laura woke up for the day.

She stopped and got some freshly baked muffins and hot coffee at the village bakery before heading back to Laura's flat. When she walked in and found her friend just belting her robe, she was glad to have the muffins as an excuse for her absence. "Good morning!" she called out as she placed the container on her friend's breakfast table, handing her the large cup of coffee with extra cream and sugar while she took the one with just sweetener. "Did you sleep well?" she asked and almost laughed at Laura's expression of happiness as she took a sip of her coffee.

Laura was a night owl who normally was up until about midnight while Sidra was more of a morning person, preferring to be up watching the sun rise and being the first into the office. "What are we going to do today?" she asked, knowing that Laura had probably made plans for the entire day, filling it with sightseeing and history, which she claimed England had the best history while the Americans were only playing at knowing their history.

Since Laura always said it with a wink in an attempt to rile Sidra into an argument, she never took offense. And sure enough, Laura had the schedule all planned out. They would be visiting the Tower of London, British Parliament, a drive by Big Ben, lunch at a quirky outdoor cafe, then off to Trafalgar Square, several gardens and a museum. All topped off by a dinner at one of the trendiest restaurants and a play at one of the theatres right by the Thames. By the time they were back at Laura's flat, Sidra fell into bed, exhausted. But not before she set her alarm, not wanting to be late for her secret meeting with Rashid in the morning.

Chapter 3

Sidra was sitting on what she now thought of as her personal rock the following morning. She was bone tired, but the thought of seeing Rashid invigorated her like nothing else could. She'd just sat down on the rock, pulling her jeans clad legs up around her when "The Beast" poked its enormous nose through the trees, with Rashid on the animal's back.

She couldn't hide the excitement on her face when she saw him and every nerve ending in her body came to life.

He didn't smile back, but tossed the reigns over a tree branch while swinging his legs over the saddle at the same time. He came towards her, his eyes never leaving her face while he made his way through the still damn trees.

Without saying a word, he pulled her into his arms and lifted her into his arms, kissing her so thoroughly that she couldn't think of anything other than wrapping her arms around his neck and pulling him closer. She seemed to be just as desperate to kiss him back as he was and her body wrapped around his. When she felt his hands under her sweater, she gasped, but when he pulled his hand away, she grabbed his wrist and put it right back where it had been, kissing him frantically because she knew she only had this morning and two more like it. She wasn't even sure if he would be able to get away from his job to be here the next two mornings, so she didn't want to waste time on being shy.

"You're beautiful," he groaned as he pulled away, looking down at her as his hands slid up her waist, watching her reactions to see if he was pushing too hard too fast. As he looked at her, his hand came off her waist and touched the delicate skin under her eyes. "You look tired," he said, gently touching the dark circles from lack of sleep.

"Laura had me out late last night watching some existential play about cannibals."

He chuckled. "I take it you didn't enjoy the performance?"

She blushed and shook her head. "I wasn't really paying much attention to it."

He shifted slightly so that his body was pressing against her more thoroughly and his body hardened even more when he saw the desire intensify in her eyes, a flush coming over her lovely cheeks. "Were you perhaps thinking of me?"

"Yes," she gasped, her hands moving up his chest and her hips shifting on her own to cradle him more intimately. When he shifted again, she gripped his shoulders and stiffened. "Don't do that!" she cried and bit her lower lip, holding herself very still. He was pressing right where she wanted him, but she was embarrassed by the need pumping through her body.

Rashid knew exactly what was happening and he wanted to tear her clothes off right at that moment and watch her climax in his arms, although with him buried inside her heat and not with all their clothes on. But this was the best he could do and her reaction inflamed him, making him ache to see her climax.

He shifted ever so slightly and was rewarded with her body arching against him. "Don't do this?" he asked and moved again, pulling her hips forward so she couldn't hide from him.

"No. That," she sighed and her hips moved again, tense and waiting. But she couldn't keep still. "Don't," she whispered and opened her eyes, looking up at him.

"I won't," he said, his voice deep and husky but he lied and moved ever so slightly again.

When her mouth dropped open and her body shivered, he did it again, pulling her legs up so her knees were around his waist. His fingers quickly unbuttoned his shirt and he pressed her hand against his chest. "So you don't like it when I do this?" he asked and slowly shifted his weight, pressing his erection against her even more, rubbing her and he knew the moment she was lost to the sensation. Her hips couldn't keep still any longer and he moved again and again while her hands curled against his chest.

When he moved one more time, he watched with awe as she splintered apart in his arms, her climax coming and coming and he moved his body against hers to prolong the orgasm. When her body stilled and she fell back against the rock with her eyes closed, he stood there, still hard and painfully erect, but more satisfied than he'd ever been in his life as he watched her come down from her climax.

When she looked up at him, her face was still flushed and her eyes bright with the post orgasm glow, and a good dose of embarrassment. "Don't!" he ordered softly and she turned her face away. He wouldn't allow that though. His finger came up to her face and turned her gently back so she was looking up at him. "Don't you dare be embarrassed by the sexiest thing I've ever seen in my life."

Her mouth fell open and she squirmed slightly but he grabbed her hips. "But you can't move an inch!" he said, laughing softly at his predicament. "Just give me a moment and I'll be okay," he explained.

Sidra was as still as possible, but with him so intimately pressed against her, she had a hard time remaining still. Her body might have recovered from the last few moments, but with him still pressed against her, all her cells were firing up, ready for round two.

When he sighed and pulled away, she knew the moment was over. "I feel like I should say thank you for some reason."

He laughed and pulled her into his arms again, kissing the top of her head. "Believe me when I say that the pleasure was all mine."

She shook her head and blushed. "I don't think so," she said and looked away.

He chuckled again and took her hand, keeping it in his strong embrace instead of tucking it into his elbow as he had yesterday. "What did you do yesterday?" he asked gently as they walked through the woods, the sun just starting to dapple through the leaves overhead.

She told him about her jaunts through all the major tourist sites, the play and he even wanted to know what she'd had for dinner. "What did you do?" she asked, sincerely interested.

Rashid shrugged his massive shoulders and looked down at her, leaning against a tree and pulling her against him. He still hadn't recovered from their previous embrace, but she felt too good, too soft to not have her touching him. The pleasure was almost painful because of the intensity to make love to her, but he embraced even that, knowing that he would probably not be able to do anything about that need since she was leaving the day after tomorrow.

"I thought about you."

Sidra rolled her eyes and shook her head. "Be serious. I'd really like to know what you do during the day."

Rashid thought about the meetings he'd had in London with the CEO of a major oil company and then the private meetings with the Prime Minister who was trying to convince him to alter his country's oil policy and grant better access to oil products and get a better deal. There had been the calls from his finance minister about the military exercises in the north of his country, a discussion with his environmental minister about the solar stations and the improvements his scientists were making with the solar panels that would help the world transition from oil energy to more environmental options because he perceived the wave of the future to be non-fossil fuels and he wanted his country to be a resource for those products.

But he didn't admit to any of that to this beauty in his arms. He didn't want her to know about that side of his life. He wanted her to be attracted to him because of who he was as a man instead of who he was as a ruler. Right now, she only knew him as Rashid, and from some of the comments she'd made, he suspected that she'd assumed he worked with horses or animals. He had a limited time with her and he didn't want to alter her innocent perception of him by tainting it with his title. Their precious time together seemed so pure, so unadulterated by the reality of his life and he didn't want anything to intrude on that.

At least right now. He'd started thinking about her last night and a plan had formed in his mind. He would have to take it slowly, he knew. But if this woman were real, he wasn't about to let her out of his life.

Focusing on her question, he thought back to yesterday morning. His discussion with the veterinarian came to mind and the instructions he'd given the woman before he'd started his other meetings. He felt no guilt in playing on her misperceptions of his job. "One of the horses is pregnant and about to give birth. I looked at her yesterday, trying to see how she was doing. Another has a sore leg," he told her, only altering the truth a little in his mind. All of this was true. He did have a mare who was about to give birth and he had checked on her yesterday, but he'd spent only moments with the little lady before heading off to his meeting with the prime minister. His stable manager had given him the other details, and although he didn't tell Sidra that he'd ministered to all of the horses, he went through all their ailments and training regimens as if he were in charge of them.

He considered all of it a white lie, but one that would benefit both of them in the end. By talking to her about the horses, she would still see him as an individual man, a human being instead of a powerful ruler of one of the wealthiest countries in the world and he could still maintain their romance as if it weren't tainted by his title, protect her from the sometimes vicious politics that constantly surrounded him on an almost daily basis with everyone inside and outside of the palace trying to gain power by claiming a closer relationship to him than is real.

She listened and laughed. And with each sound of her laughter, he felt more like a powerful sheik than he ever had in his life. He could command armies to move at his whim and financial markets quivered when he made decisions, but her smile made him feel more formidable than any of that. When her eyes glowed with admiration, he thought he could move mountains. And wanted to. Just to see her smile or hear her teasing him one more time.

When the sun was higher over the horizon, Sidra looked down at her watch and realized that more than two hours had passed. "I need to head back to Laura," Sidra whispered, but her eyes were looking at his mouth, her mind wandering towards how to get him to kiss her once again.

"I guess it's about that time," he sighed, wishing they had more time together. He cursed his responsibilities, wanting to spend the day showing her around London himself. He wanted to put her into a limousine and give her private tours of all the main tourist attractions. He could whisk her through the palaces, lunch at the Ritz, then he'd like to fly her home to his own palace and take her into his arms, carry her off to his private suite of rooms and make love to her until they couldn't move any longer.

"Will you be able to sneak away tomorrow morning?" she asked hopefully.

He smiled and hugged her closely. "I wouldn't miss it for anything."

She grinned, feeling like an idiot with her happiness hanging on her sleeve, but she couldn't help it. The way he looked at her made her feel special and beautiful. She stood on her tip toes and kissed his jaw. "I can't wait," she said, then pulled out of his arms.

He caught her around her waist and pulled her back. "That's not going to work," he growled and wrapped his strong arms around her. She didn't mind at all, had actually been hoping for just such a reaction. So when he bent low to kiss her, she pressed her body against him, her face automatically turning up towards his and kissed him back with all the passion she was feeling despite her orgasm of only two hours ago.

When he finally pulled away, she smiled up at him, her face beaming with her excitement but she stepped back and hurried down the dirt path in the direction of the village. She didn't want to go, but knew she had to hurry before Laura woke up. Sidra rushed through the wet fields, hurrying towards the bakery for coffee and muffins. She was out of breath when she reached Laura's flat but her friend had overslept. Thankfully.

She placed the bag and coffee cups on the breakfast bar, then settled down with her cup of coffee, savoring the memories of her secret morning with Rashid, her body still singing from the memory of how incredible it had felt to be in his arms to experience that kind of excitement.

"Why are you blushing?" Laura asked, her mouth hanging open and her robe only partially closed as she stood in her bedroom doorway, looking at Sidra as if she'd grown a second head.

Sidra jumped and turned guiltily to her friend. Her mind worked quickly and thought up an excuse. "Oh, I was just thinking about that book I told you I was reading," she said and was relieved when Laura smiled and tightened the robe of her belt.

Laura laughed and shook her head as she picked up the cup of still hot coffee, slipping the lid off carefully. "You're going to have to give me the name of that book. I don't think I've ever read anything that would put that kind of expression on my face."

Sidra was relieved that her friend accepted her explanation, not feeling guilty at all for lying to her. Laura was like a pit bull when she thought something was going on and Sidra wasn't ready to talk about Rashid just yet. It was silly, but she had a feeling that telling Laura anything would make the feelings she had for Rashid go away and she loved this special feeling. Or maybe, Sidra knew that this was just a special moment in time and when she had to leave, she wanted these precious memories all to herself. Telling Laura might make them dirty, sully them in some way. Her feelings and actions were too wonderful to be wrong, so silence was the best option.

Within an hour, the two of them were off on another spree around London. This time they hit all of the decorating sites, enjoying an afternoon of shopping and Sidra found several unique pieces that she had shipped back to the States for future projects. They laughed and lunched at a cute cafe, but when Laura received a message from one of her clients just before dinner time, their fun was at an end.

"Sidra, I'm so sorry but I've got to get over to this house and help this client. Apparently, something is wrong with her light fixtures and she's just furious about whatever it is."

"No problem," Sidra replied. "Go and get things fixed. I know how demanding some clients can be." Secretly, she had a plan and didn't want Laura tagging along so this was the perfect opportunity.

As soon as Laura left, Sidra locked up her friend's apartment and headed for the drug store in the village. She was painfully embarrassed but she persevered, making her purchase and then getting back to her friend's flat with a bag full of groceries. She had a pile of cheesy pasta, garlic bread and a bottle of red wine all set up as soon as Laura walked wearily into the flat.

Over dinner, they shared stories about various clients, laughing about some of their requests as they devoured the pasta and finished the bottle of wine. With all the carbs in their systems, they were exhausted as they watched a movie that night. The romantic comedy was just what Sidra needed!

Chapter 4

Sidra nervously tucked several of the various sized packets into her back pocket and carried one of Laura's older blankets under her arm as she hurried out of the flat the following morning just as dawn was creeping into the village. She reached the rock earlier than normal and paced back and forth as the sky slowly lightened over the horizon. Would Rashid be able to get away again? And would she be able to follow through on what she wanted to do? She was so nervous, she didn't hear Rashid as he and his horse walked through the underbrush until he grabbed her around her waist and lifted her into his arms.

She gasped and threw her arms around his neck, hugging him closely, kissing him desperately.

When he pulled away, he looked down at her. "What's wrong?" he asked, feeling the nervousness in her body and not letting her get away with trying to hide it.

Sidra ran her hands up and down his chest, feeling his muscles and the incredible strength of him under her fingers. "I...um....went to the drugstore yesterday," she said softly, unable to look him in the eyes. She stared instead at the middle of his chest, swallowing painfully and she knew that her face was filled with color.

Rashid stilled, wondering if she was saying what he hoped she was saying. "And?" he prompted when she stopped.

Sidra took a deep breath and reached into the back pocket of her jeans, pulling out several condoms of various sizes. "I was hoping...well, maybe..."

She stopped and was embarrassed by her assumptions. He was silent in front of her and she was now worried that she'd offended him in some way.

When she finally found the courage to look up at him, she gasped at the heat in his eyes. "Are you sure about this?" he asked, his hands flexing against her waist.

Slowly, with absolute conviction, she nodded her head. "Yes. Absolutely sure."

He pulled her into his arms and bent his head. "You won't regret this Sidra," he said with a low, husky voice.

Sidra already knew that. "I'd only regret it if we didn't do this," she said a moment before his mouth covered hers. She was ravenous this time, unable to keep her hands off of him. She wanted him more than she'd ever thought possible. When he touched her, she lit up with the heat of his touch and before she knew what was happening, her sweater was tossed over her head. His mouth moved to her neck, his teeth biting and teasing, sucking against her inflamed skin, she gasped and moved against him, inflaming him to the same level.

"I brought a blanket," she gasped and stepped out of his arms to quickly spread the wool blanket out over the wet grass.

As soon as the blanket was laid out, Rashid pulled her back into his arms, then swung her up, dropping to his knees and laying her down onto the center of the blanket. As he looked down at her, he pulled her sweater over head, looking down at her breasts encased in the light blue, lace bra. "You're gorgeous," he groaned and dipped his head to nuzzle her breast through the material.

Sidra sighed happily and her fingers found their way into his hair, her body moving underneath his impatiently. She couldn't wait to experience the bliss she'd found yesterday but when his warm mouth closed over her nipple, she realized that she had so much more to experience.

He slowly worked his way from one breast to the other and Sidra moaned or gasped with each touch, nip or bite until she was impatient with his teasing. She reached behind her, wanting more and unclasped her bra for him, tossing the material off to the side of her. With impatient hands, she brought his head back to her breast, even arching upwards to meet his mouth. Rashid didn't disappoint. His mouth was just as ravenous and captured her nipple, teasing the hard peak with his mouth and teeth.

Sidra pulled his shirt out of the waistband of his riding pants, her fingers needing to touch his skin, to feel him the way he was able to feel her. When he ripped it off and tossed it over her bra, she felt as if her world might explode. The skin against skin contact was electrifying and she pressed against him, her hips rising to rub against his erection just as it had yesterday. She felt herself starting to climb that cliff again but Rashid shook his head when he realized what she was doing. "Not today," he growled.

"Why?" she demanded with a gasp of frustration because he'd moved out of her reach.

"Because this time I'm going to be inside you when you climax," he said, his eyes boring into hers so that she understood. "And you're going to come in my arms and I'm going to follow you and it's going to be incredible!"

"Yes," she gasped and her fingers ran over his chest, stopping at his nipples and hearing the sharp intake of his breath so she did it again.

"You have to stop that," he laughed painfully.

"Why?"

"Because you found some relief yesterday but I'm still working off of yesterday morning's throbbing."

"Oh," she said and blushed but her fingers still wanted to touch him, still moving underneath him since she could no longer touch him with her hands.

His head bent low and he laughed at her movements and shook his head, trying to maintain control. "Sidra, you have to stop."

"Can't!" she gasped when he bent low and nipped at her stomach.

In response, he heeled off his riding boots.

Sidra looked up at him and, seeing his erection through is pants, became nervous about what she was venturing into. When she only felt it, she wasn't nervous but seeing the size of him, she was suddenly terrified.

Rashid saw the expression change in her eyes and almost groaned. "Don't worry, Sidra," he said with heat. "We'll fit," he assured her softly.

She took a deep breath and nodded her head. She trusted this man, had almost from the beginning. Something told her she shouldn't be nervous but her mind wasn't working well right now so her body was in charge.

Rashid couldn't do anything about his size but he could reassure her as they went along. As he stood there he saw her swallow and he almost laughed at the fear that was taking over. But he was in too much pain, too desperate to find her heat and bury himself inside of her to laugh at this point.

He lowered himself back down, taking her gently into his arms. "Do you trust me?" he asked softly as he teased her neck, remembering that spot on her shoulder that made her shiver deliciously. As soon as he touched her there, he got the desired reaction. Her body turned into his and he was amazed at her courage. She might be scared, but she was willing to trust him and still be with him. He felt honored by her trust, humbled by it even.

He pulled her closer, his hand moving down her naked back to the waistband of her jeans. With fast fingers, he opened the clasp and slid the zipper down. When her hands helped him push the material away, his lust increased because he knew that she was right there with him, eager for their union.

As more of her perfect skin was revealed, he looked down at her, his eyes traveling along her stomach, her long, slender legs and he wanted to taste her, to feel her around him. She'd left her underwear on, but he didn't mind.

His hand moved downwards, his palm feeling that adorable derriere that had been so alluring the first time he'd seen her. Her legs were still held together but as he kissed her and his hand moved along her soft skin, she relaxed and the writhing slowly returned. He teased and nipped along her neck and breasts until he felt her legs move underneath him and that was his signal that she was ready for him.

He moved his hand to her heat and he almost lost control when he felt her wetness. She was so hot, so perfect and when he slipped one finger inside her, opening her up for his ultimate invasion, he couldn't believe how tight she was.

Rashid lifted his head and watched her face as he slipped another finger inside her. "Open your eyes, Sidra," he groaned. When she did, her hands clutching at his shoulders, he moved his fingers just as he was going to do to her with his erection in a moment. As he flicked her swollen flesh with his thumb at the same time, her eyes lit up and her sexy mouth form an O of surprise. He felt her hips rise and fall with his fingers and he couldn't hold back any longer. He moved between her legs, quickly sheathing himself with one of the condoms she'd brought and was relieved when she automatically shifted for him, wrapping those long legs around his waist. She even lifted her hips up again to welcome him, to hurry him along and he didn't hesitate.

He groaned as he slid inside her, her body stretching and accommodating his size just as he'd promised. He watched her face as he pushed deeper, wanting to connect not just with his body but with her eyes as well. When he felt the resistance, he was startled. So was she apparently and her hands tightened on his shoulders.

"It's okay," she said, her voice tight with fear and the strain of trying to take all of him inside her. "Go ahead."

Rashid's mind wasn't clear, but with the determined look on her face, her teeth even biting her lower lip in anticipation, he finally got the message. He shook his head, sweat breaking out on his back as he tried to slow down for her.

"Just make it fast," she groaned out when he continued to hold still.

Rashid couldn't believe it. This perfect woman was untouched by any other man? Impossible! But the evidence was right there. And he couldn't hold back any longer. He wanted her too much. Needed her and when she took a deep breath, he pushed in harder, breaking through the barrier and filling her up, burying himself fully and he could barely contain the pleasure he felt as her heat enveloped him completely.

"I'll make it good for you, Sidra."

"I know," she said, her breathing rapid and ragged as she shifted slightly to adjust to his size. "Just give me a moment." She shifted to the left, her body trying to relax and take all of him, but there was a lot to take. "Is it normally this large?" she asked stiffly.

Rashid made a sound that was part laugh, part groan but he shook his head. "I haven't made a study of male penis sizes, actually."

Sidra took a deep breath and then slowly let it out. "Okay. I think I'm okay."

Rashid looked down at her determined expression and knew that she wasn't okay. Gone was the excitement of only moments ago and all she felt was resignation. "Oh, no you're not," he said and bent low, keeping his lower body as still as possible while he kissed her. He didn't stop until he felt her respond once again. Her arms, which had been gripping his shoulders with the pain of his invasion, were now pulling at him. That was the signal he'd been waiting for. He shifted his lower body slightly and knew that she'd fully recovered when her eyes popped open with surprise.

"Oh my!" she gasped and looked up at him, seeing the perspiration, the rippling muscles that told her he was doing everything he could to keep from moving, from hurting her again.

She moved underneath him and smiled, delighted when he closed his eyes and clenched his jaw. She did it again and laughed when he shook his head and moved again.

When he heard her laughter, he opened his eyes and realized that she truly was okay now. More than okay. "So you think this is funny?" he growled and bent low to nip at her ear. He also moved almost fully out of her and when he saw her shaking her head and her legs tightened around him, he pushed slowly back inside her.

She wasn't laughing any longer. Now her eyes were closed, her body arching into his and he moved again, slowly inching into her heat, then back out, enjoying the sexy expression on her face as she felt new parts of her body react to a man's.

She shifted under him, her body experimenting slightly. "What happens when you..." she was almost embarrassed to ask, but it came out anyway, "move faster?" she finally got out.

Rashid wanted to laugh, but she'd just given him permission to let lose more of his control. And he was more than happy to oblige. "Let's find out," he said with a husky voice and moved faster. As he watched, he moved in and out of her, faster and faster and she took all of him, over and over again. He was almost pounding into her and too quickly, she climaxed, screaming out and gripping his shoulders. He released all of his control at that point and barely heard her any longer as his own climax roared through his body, his ears blocking out everything but the feelings of intense pleasure, better than he'd ever experienced in his life, rocked his body, leaving him drained and replete.

When the storm had subsided and she slowly unclenched her hands and legs, Sidra looked around, her mind slowly returning to the present. "It's a bit cool out here, isn't it?" she said softly, her breathing still not returned to normal.

Rashid moved his head to the side, his hand sliding up her back and smiling as she wiggled against him. "I didn't notice." He rolled carefully so that she was on top of him, protecting her from his weight.

Sidra smiled and kissed the middle of his chest. "I guess you were occupied."

"So were you."

She laughed and started to shift to his side.

"Where do you think you're going?" he asked, holding her in place.

Sidra looked up, resting her chin on his chest, right where she'd just kissed him. "Don't you need to get to work?"

He sighed and skimmed his hands over her back. "I guess we should re-join the world."

"I don't want to either, but Laura is probably going to be up soon, if she isn't already."

He sighed and shifted her so they could both sit up, handing Sidra her clothes. "I guess you're right."

Sidra dressed and wished she could spend the rest of the day in his arms. But she didn't want to get him fired. She didn't even care about Laura today. Although she still didn't want to tell her anything about her romance with Rashid. It was still too new, too raw.

As she dressed, she watched him out of the corner of her eyes, amazed at how incredible he looked without clothes on. "You're staring," he said, without looking back at her.

"How did you know?"

He laughed and turned, sweeping her up into his arms and placing her on the top of the rock. "I can feel your eyes. You're molesting me with your gaze. And I now know that you have a naughty mind." He kissed the swell of her breast a moment before she pulled her sweater down to her waist.

She blushed because she had been thinking about how incredible he was and how much she wanted to start that whole process over again. "I guess I'd better hurry up." She sighed and stood up, her legs more than a little wobbly.

"Will you meet me again tomorrow morning?"

She smiled, relieved that he still wanted to see her. "I'd love it," she sighed, going into his arms willingly.

He kissed the top of her head, enjoying the feeling of her soft body against his, even though they were now wearing clothes. He preferred her naked, but he'd take anything he could get. "Thank you for the surprise this morning."

"Thank you!" she laughed. "I'm glad you were surprised."

Suddenly, Sidra heard her name being called. She looked up at Rashid. "I think that's Laura. We've been out here too long."

He bent to kiss her. "I'll see you tomorrow. Hurry," he said and pushed her gently in the direction of the voice, rolling up her blanket and sending her on her way.

Rashid climbed on his horse and rode in the opposite direction, winking at her over his shoulder moments before he disappeared into the woods.

Laura appeared a moment later and looked from one direction to the next. Sidra had a huge smile on her face as she realized how sweet it was that Rashid had left so quickly, respecting her wish to not reveal their relationship to her friend.

"Where have you been?" Laura asked, looking around at the stream and the large rock. "This is one of my favorite spots."

Sidra smiled, secretly agreed with her friend and decided this was her all time favorite place on earth. "What's on the schedule for today?" she asked and started walking back to the village.

By the evening, she received a message. She knew immediately that it was from Rashid and she smiled at the bold, confident letters on the outside. After opening it, she felt as if her world had just turned upside down. He apologized, but told her that an emergency had come up and he couldn't meet her tomorrow morning. Her first thought was that she had been used. Rashid had gotten what he'd wanted and was now moving on to the next conquest. But she continued reading and smiled, instantly relieved. "Leave your contact information with Laura and let me know how I can reach you. We're definitely not done, my beauty!"

Sidra hugged the note to her chest and sighed with happiness.

"What's that about?" Laura asked as she poured both of them a bottle of red wine while the sat out on her tiny little balcony that overlooked the woods.

Sidra considered how to answer, then carefully said, "If someone comes around looking for a way to contact me, I want you to feel free to give them my phone number or e-mail address, okay?"

Laura looked at her, startled. "What do you mean?"

Sidra's smile grew wider. "Remember that man that brought me to your flat the first day?"

"The gorgeous one on the enormous horse?" she asked, her eyes wide with surprise.

"That one," Sidra confirmed. "I've been meeting him each morning in the woods."

Laura sat up and stared at her friend. A smile growing on her face now as understanding dawned. "And what has been happening in those woods out there?" she asked slyly.

Sidra refused to give her details, but only said, "We have spent our time talking and getting to know each other."

Laura laughed. "After only a few days, you think you've gotten to know him?" She shook her head. "Sidra, you've dated a lot of guys. You should know by now that men really aren't that easy to get to know."

Sidra shook her head. "I don't know all about him. But I know that he's kind and wonderful, very gentle and one of the most interesting men I've ever met in my whole life."

Laura watched her friend's expression carefully. After several moments, she nodded her head. "I guess he's pretty special then, huh?"

Sidra shook her head. "Yes. He's very special. Just promise me that you'll give him my contact information."

Laura agreed and Sidra steered the conversation in a different direction, knowing that Laura would ask questions that Sidra would not be comfortable answering. At least not yet. Maybe in the future, when she knew Rashid better and understood where he was coming from and what he wanted out of life. She worked through the problems of a long distance relationship, knew that there would be a lot of issues to overcome. But in the end, she realized that there really wasn't anything about the man she disliked. He was her ideal man!

Chapter 5

Sidra sat in her office and stared at the designs in front of her. She should be working out the details, contacting clients and finalizing issues on a current project. Instead, she was staring into space, wondering what Rashid was doing, where he was and if he thought about her at all.

And in her darkest moments, she hoped that, when he was thinking about her, he wasn't laughing with his friends about what an easy conquest she had been.

At times, she couldn't believe she was mooning after a man she had known for four days, and only part of those days was she with him. She was being ridiculous, but that last note when he said he would call her, it had made her think that he might be as invested in their relationship as she was. Their time together had been short and wonderful and, after receiving that note, she wanted so desperately to explore a possible relationship.

But after three weeks with no word, she knew that she'd placed her hopes in the wrong direction. She should be moving on, dating someone else or doing something to take her mind off of the time she'd spent in his arms. Instead, she was having problems sleeping because she thought about what it would be like to be in his arms, to fall asleep each night wrapped around him and wake up in the morning to his incredible smile and those wonderful eyes staring down at her.

She was working longer than normal hours so she didn't have to go home to her lonely, empty apartment, a space that had seemed perfect before she'd visited Laura in England and run into the most incredible man she'd ever met in her life.

Now everything seemed flat, pointless and instead of the vibrant colors she'd decorated her apartment with, the whole area felt as if it were in black and white. She went through the motions each day, but with little enthusiasm. She woke up before the sun came up and fixed a cup of coffee, skipping breakfast because nothing appealed to her. Her drive into the office was now irritating because she was so annoyed with the traffic whereas before, her mind hadn't focused on the traffic. She'd been too focused on what she would be doing during the day, what her clients might want in the rooms they'd commissioned her to redesign, or where she might find that one, perfect accessory for a coffee table that would make the whole room come together. That was all gone.

Work was the same each day and she found very little to be inspired about with her ongoing client list. She started to realize that all of her clients were asking for the same thing, slightly different but the rooms she designed all had the same feel to them. There weren't any surprises or interesting details. She had to snap out of this because her boss was starting to look at her funny, as if she'd missed something very important.

Sidra hated this, prayed every morning that she could snap out of this depression but when night time rolled around, she knew she'd be up until the early morning hours thinking about Rashid, wondering what he was doing now, where he was. And why she hadn't interested him enough to bother calling, if only to check on her and explain why he'd left so abruptly that last day.

The first week back from her vacation, she'd been walking on cloud nine, eagerly answering the phone and hoping to hear Rashid's deep voice and laugh with him about whatever had taken him away from their last secret meeting. By the end of the second week, she'd been sad and confused. Why hadn't he called? Had it been something she'd said or done? Or had the emergency he'd been called away to deal with actually been something that had hurt him? Was he in trouble and she was just sitting here, not doing anything to save him? To help him?

By the third week, her confusion had changed to anger and depression. She'd given herself to a man she hadn't really known and this was the result. He'd moved on, damn him! And now she needed to do the same. She could maintain her righteous anger all the way until she fell into bed at night. Then she cried herself to sleep, wondering if he was hurt or if he was actually seeing another woman. She'd convinced herself that she had been a weekend fling, and that made her angry that she'd spent an additional two weeks waiting for him and worrying about his health and well being.

She'd been a fool to trust him! She'd given herself to a man who didn't even have the decency to say goodbye. Rashid had been a coward who had avoided their last morning together simply because he thought she might put demands on him that he didn't want. Or perhaps he was just one of those guys who prowled for women and played on their stupidity. She had no idea and wished she could just eliminate him from her mind.

Damn him! She'd gone into the relationship with her eyes wide open. There had been no need for him to try and convince her that there would be more after their four days. She'd expected to say goodbye that morning and never see him so he'd played with her emotions by sending the note and giving her hope that he might want more than just a weekend fling.

Okay, she thought as she sat outside her office building for lunch one day, so maybe there had been a hope that there could be more. She had to be perfectly honest with herself because she'd been wondering how to handle a long distance relationship, how often she could fly over to England to see him. Had he somehow seen that in her looks? Had she revealed too much too soon?

She dumped her uneaten yogurt into a trash can and stomped back to her office. She didn't need this kind of self doubt and recriminations. She was a grown woman, she'd had sex with a gorgeous man, get over it! Women did that all the time and didn't have any issues moving on in their lives. She had to put that weekend into perspective and give up her anger.

She'd trusted him and now she was paying the price! Damn him! She'd been a fool over a man who didn't deserve her attention much less her hopes.

That one letter had been so cryptic. What kind of emergency had taken him away that last day? Had a horse gone down or was it more serious? Had something happened to him? And why should she even care? She'd been dumped, she reminded herself.

She had no idea what had happened to him or what kind of emergency had come up. And what's worse, no way of finding out. She had to just hope and pray that he was okay. And in the back of her mind weak, hopeful mind, she wondered if there was any possibility of running into him again someday. She'd even searched horse training web sites, searching for news of him but how probable was that? The man lived outside of London, she didn't even know if he was a well known horse trainer, or if he really was a horse trainer or a veterinarian or just a stable hand.

No, he wasn't a stable hand. Rashid had too much confidence, too much arrogance for him to have that kind of role in life. Not that there was anything wrong with being a stable hand, but she'd always thought of those roles being filled by teenage boys. Perhaps she'd read too many romance novels in her lifetime to realize what kinds of people worked at a stable. She didn't even know how to ride a horse, much less take care of one.

"Want to grab a bite to eat?" Mindy, one of the other associates asked as she poked her head into Sidra's office.

Sidra looked up and sighed. "I'm not really hungry," she said.

Mindy stepped inside and looked at her friend curiously. "What's going on? You've been in a funk since you came back from vacation. You've lost probably a good five or more pounds because you never eat, or at least I don't ever see you eat anything lately. If I didn't know better, I'd say you met a guy over there in glorious, old England," she said that last part with what she perceived as a British accent and Sidra laughed, possibly the first time she'd done that in two weeks.

She then stepped into Sidra's office and plopped down into the only available chair in the small work space. There was a flutter of purple and lavender ruffles and lace since Mindy was a more dramatic dresser than Sidra, who chose more conservative, classic designs. Mindy was wearing a purple ruffled blouse with a lavender vest and purple, wool straight skirt. While Sidra had slipped on a black sheath dress, only pausing to add a pearl choker and pearl stud earrings.

Sidra couldn't help the blush that suffused her cheeks and looked away once the laughter died down. "I was only there for four days."

Mindy gasped and sat up straighter, watching Sidra more closely. "You did! You met someone! Was he hot? Was he buff? Oh, you've got to tell me all the details!"

Sidra couldn't believe she'd revealed so much in just seven words. How had Mindy figured out what was causing her recent funk? "What are you talking about?"

Mindy leaned forward in the chair, her eyes never wavering from Sidra's face. "You're blushing! You never blush! Tell me who he is and when are you going to see him again!" She moved to the edge of the chair, leaning her forearms against Sidra's desk, eager for the latest gossip.

Sidra knew she'd have to nip this in the bud or Mindy would have it spread all over the firm in a matter of hours that Sidra was pining for her lost love. "Mindy, I promise you that, besides my brother Ryan, there isn't anyone important in my life." That was the absolute truth, she thought miserably as she considered that Rashid hadn't even bothered to call her or contact her. He knew where Laura lived and Laura had explicit instructions to give him her contact information.

Mindy frowned and sat back against the chair seat once again, deflated that there wasn't an interesting story to hear. "Then let's go out tonight. My boyfriend, Jonas, has a friend who has been looking for someone interesting to date. Let me set you up with him. He's a really nice guy, very cute, about three inches taller than you so you can still wear heels when you get married," she teased.

Sidra was already shaking her head. "No thanks. I'm not ready for a blind date."

Mindy clapped her hands together excitedly. "I knew it!" Mindy exclaimed, her eyes alight with enthusiasm. "You did meet someone! That's why you're not ready because some guy broke your heart and left you hanging! Is that it?"

Sidra hid her exasperation. How could Mindy have picked up on the true issue so quickly? She really had to watch what she said around this woman. Mindy was a good friend, but also too perceptive. "Mindy, there isn't anyone."

"Good! Then you won't mind meeting Tom. Tomorrow is Friday so you have no excuse to avoid a date since you can sleep in on Saturday. Jonas and Tom will meet us at the Willard Hotel around the corner which I think is convenient for the guys as well. It's suitable, elegant and a block away from the subway which will make it easy for you to get home after you meet this fantastic guy, but hopefully you'll want to stay out and party with us. So there's no way you can back out."

Sidra thought hard, trying to come up with some way to avoid going on this blind date. They were never good, always awkward and she normally avoided them like the plague.

When Sidra still tried to figure out how to say no, Mindy nodded her head and crossed her arms over her stomach. "I get it," Mindy said with a knowing look. "You're still pining over the guy from England. I can understand and I'm..."

"Fine!" Sidra capitulated. She desperately didn't want the office gossip to be about how she'd found her soul mate in England and was now too upset to see anyone else. She hated being fodder for any kind of gossip, much less the pity of her peers. "What time?"

Mindy jumped up, clapping her hands with excitement. "Great! I'll stop by tonight before closing!"

She rushed out of Sidra's office before her friend could figure out another excuse, almost skipping down the hallway. Sidra thought about calling her back and canceling, genuinely not wanting to go out and see anyone tonight, but it was Friday evening and she was tired of spending her nights waiting by the phone for a certain horse trainer to call her.

If only he hadn't said he would call! She pulled her latest designs out from under a stack of vendor submissions and tried to focus on her work. But she couldn't get the note out of her mind. Those words were vicious and evil she thought as she spun her chair around so she was facing her drafting table. She had to finish these plans quickly if she was going out with Mindy tonight and she was so behind it was ridiculous.

Because she was so angry and frustrated about the evening's plans plus Rashid's continued silence, she went a bit crazy with her thoughts on her current client's living room and dining room combination. As she stared at the end result several hours later, she wasn't sure if she could submit this to the client. It wasn't nearly as conservative as she thought the client might want but it was definitely unique.

"Time to go!" Mindy sing-songed as she swept into Sidra's office, plucking her coat off the back of Sidra's door and bringing it to her. "No more work for today. It's time to have a little fun."

Sidra took the coat and started to come up with an excuse for the night but Mindy saw the look and raised her hand. "Don't even go there. You're coming, Tom and Jonas are already at the bar and you're going to have a good time. He's handsome, a lawyer and interesting so give it up and let's go," she said and pushed Sidra's purse into her arms with a grin.

Sidra sighed and nodded. "Fine. Let's go."

They walked the block and a half to the Willard hotel chatting about the clients they'd dealt with during the week. Or more specifically, Mindy chatted, Sidra listened. Mindy didn't appear to notice Sidra's silence and just kept talking and walking as if nothing were wrong.

Mindy walked right up to a very handsome man and kissed him, wrapping her arms around his neck as if she hadn't seen him for years. Sidra stood behind her, awkwardly watching and wishing she were anywhere else but here. When Mindy finally pulled herself away from the man, she turned with a wide smile to Sidra and made the introductions. "Sidra, this is my boyfriend, Jonas." Turning to the man behind Jonas, she said, "And this is Tom, the gorgeous and wildly successful lawyer who is going to marry you and take you away from all the tedium of dealing with our obnoxious, demanding clients."

Sidra laughed self-consciously and shook Tom's hand, wondering about Mindy's introduction. Personally, Sidra enjoyed dealing with the various clients, although there was always one or two that were a bit irritating and demanding. The rest were genuinely nice people who just needed help creating their dream environment, which is why they hired a designer.

Sidra turned to the man standing beside Jonas, glad that he was smiling and looking interested despite Mindy. His light brown eyes were looking at her as if she was an attractive woman and it was a soothing balm to her bruised ego. "It's very nice to meet you, Tom. I apologize for Mindy's introduction. I guess she has a bit of a Cinderella complex."

Tom laughed and took Sidra's hand in his warm one and smiled back. "She throws a great party so I guess I'll ignore her for now."

Both of them glanced at Mindy who was still smiling from ear to ear, watching the two of them closely. "Let's get a drink" she said and sprung up on her toes, spinning around and heading towards the bar.

It took a while, but Sidra slowly started to relax. Tim was a nice guy and handsome in a very wholesome way. She could tell that he was very intelligent and enjoyed practicing law, getting excited as he discussed some of his cases. If she was a bit bored as he explained the intricacies, she pushed that aside, trying to give the guy a chance since this was a blind date. He was trying a bit too hard to impress, she thought.

Sidra glanced at her watch and was relieved that it was already nine-thirty. She was just about to tell Mindy that she needed to head home, feeling exhausted after having been up since five o'clock that morning and in the office by six, working almost non-stop throughout the day, minus her moments of staring into space while thinking angry thoughts about Rashid. But something caught her eye and she turned to her left. She gasped and a shooting stab of pain caused her to jerk when she looked across the bar and found Rashid walking through the elegant lobby with a woman behind him. The woman was ultra sophisticated with gorgeous blond hair and a black suit that twisted around her body in some sort of elaborate button system. It made Sidra's black dress feel gauche and childish.

Sidra couldn't believe the betrayal she felt and had to look twice to make sure it was Rashid. When she blinked and saw him again, she wanted to stand up, rush over to where he was walking and slap him as hard as she could. Even that thought shocked her because she had never condoned violence but she felt so much anger, she wanted to do physical harm to the man who had betrayed her so painfully three weeks ago.

She felt sick and angry, hot and furious all at the same time. Instead of acting on those feelings though, she carefully reached down and found her black, clutch purse. "I'm sorry, but I have to go," she said. In the back of her mind, she knew that her face was stiff and the three others around the table were looking at her oddly, but she couldn't help it. She tucked her purse under her arm and stood up, turning in the opposite direction of Rashid and his latest lady-love.

How had she been such a fool! He probably had a different woman every weekend. Possibly every night! Perhaps she should be happy that she'd kept his attention for three mornings.

And then a thought occurred to her and she felt sickened. Had he been out with another woman the night before he spent his mornings with her? Had she just been his wake up woman?

Her hand automatically went to her stomach and she searched frantically for the bathrooms, afraid she was going to throw up at the thought of Rashid in another woman's arms just hours before he made love to her.

As she searched, her eyes collided with Rashid's and she wasn't sure, but was that surprise in his eyes?

She didn't dare look but hurried towards the exit, uncaring about anyone else. She ducked her head to hide the tears of humiliation and just concentrated on walking forward, finding her escape so she could lick her wounds in the privacy of her own apartment.

She was almost at the exit when her arm was grabbed and she was spun around. When she regained her balance, she was staring at the middle of a massive chest covered in a silk-like cotton and an Italian red, silk tie.

"Where the hell have you been?" Rashid demanded. "And who the hell is the guy you just left?"

Sidra looked up into those crystal blue eyes, eyes she'd fantasized about for so many nights she didn't even want to think about it. "None of your damn business!" she snapped and tried to pull her arm out of his grip but he didn't release her. "Let me go!"

"Not on your life!" He stepped closer and looked down at her. "So you just go from man to man, testing the waters now? Was he better than I was? How long has he lasted? Longer than our little trysts?"

She couldn't believe that he was saying things like that. "Are you kidding me? You're the one who had an emergency! Was it just your way of getting out of an awkward goodbye? Or did you have another woman to shag that was more entertaining?"

Rashid looked down at the woman he'd been trying to find for the past two weeks. He'd been called back to his country to resolve a potentially armed dispute in one of the northern territories and by the time he'd rounded up the illegal renegades and ensured their prosecution, he'd gone back to find Sidra, only to find that she was nowhere to be found. Even the friend she'd been visiting was out of the country. It had taken his security team all this time to track her down in Washington, D.C. and now that he'd found her, he was livid to see her flirting with some other man and in a hotel no less!

"Ironic coming from a woman who didn't bother to leave a forwarding address, or any sort of information on how I could reach you. I thought it was because your friend was out of the country on an assignment, but perhaps you'd given her instructions to keep that information away from me?"

She was shaking with her anger. "Don't you dare! Laura had very specific instructions to give you my contact information but now I'm glad she wasn't able to! You're a two timing jerk. Did you already have her on the side before you went on your 'emergency'?" she asked snidely, referring to the woman standing behind Rashid, calmly pretending that this altercation wasn't happening in the middle of one of the best hotels in Washington, D.C.

Rashid glanced behind him and saw both his personal assistant, Yvette who was glancing through his blackberry for his next meeting and then the man who had been watching the whole scene, the one who had been sitting next to the woman who hadn't left his mind for the past three weeks. It made his blood boil to think of such an ass touching what he considered to be his. She might be ready to move on, but she'd given herself to him and he damn well wasn't finished. Not by a long shot!

"Let's get out of the lobby," he commanded and pulled her along towards the elevators.

She couldn't believe his gall! How could he think she would just blindly follow him wherever he demanded she go? "I'm not going anywhere with you!" Sidra whispered under her breath and pulled back, flinching when his grip hurt her arm just above the elbow.

Rashid turned back and glared down at her. "We are not having this discussion in public, Sidra. Come with me where we can discuss this in private."

She was so angry at his accusations and his betrayal that she saw red. "There's nothing to discuss! We had a nice fling," she said through clenched teeth, hating the words and wishing he would stop her from saying them, that he would tell her that it had been more than a fling to him. She wanted him to contradict her, to tell her that she meant something more than just a morning shag beside the stream. But his eyes were furious and she could tell by his expression that he had no intention of contradicting her.

She took a deep breath, burying the hurt so she could at least get out of here and hide away, recover from these new wounds he'd just inflicted upon her. "Let's just move on. Let go of my arm or I'll make a scene right here. I don't know if your boss is nearby but I have no qualms about embarrassing everyone around if you don't let go of me immediately."

Sidra was lying completely. She'd hate it if she was noticed by anyone from her firm and there was the very real possibility that one of her clients might be in the area since this hotel was very upscale and the theatres were close by. Anyone could be stopping by before or after a performance and she didn't want to be noticed by someone and her behavior brought to her firm's attention.

The blond woman walked up to him and said something low and in a foreign language. Rashid glared at her and she quickly backed up, but he sighed and released her arm. "This is not over, Sidra. Bank on it!"

With that, he turned around and walked swiftly through the large lobby away from her towards the elevators.

Sidra watched him go with a pained look. She tried hard to follow him, to see him for as long as possible, but there was a large group of men in dark suits who were also heading in that direction and she lost him in that crowd. She wondered why there were so many people heading in the same direction all of a sudden, but it was none of her business. When he disappeared behind a sea of black suits, she took a deep breath and turned to leave the hotel herself. She had to get out of here as quickly as possible.

Tom walked up to her right then and put a hand on her shoulder. "Are you okay?" he asked gently.

Sidra jumped, initially thinking that Rashid had somehow come back but when she looked at the hand, it wasn't tanned and strong, but pale, with much less strength in the fingers and forearm. She looked up and realized that it was her date for the night and instantly relaxed. She pasted a smile on her face, trying to reassure Tom who had been nothing but a gentleman for the night. "I'm fine. I apologize for that scene. It was unconscionable."

"No problem. Do you know who that was?" he asked, looking towards the elevators with awe.

Sidra glanced in the same direction just in time to see Rashid step into the elevators and glare back at her. "I know exactly who he is. He's an absolute jerk who should be shot!"

Tim's eyes snapped back to hers. He was about to say something, but Sidra forced a smile on her face and shook her head. "I'm sorry about that. I can't believe I ran into him here of all places."

Tom chuckled, shaking his head. "You're telling me!"

Sidra sighed and pulled her purse closer. Although Tom was a very nice man, she knew that he wasn't the one that was going to take her mind off of Rashid. Especially since he was in this very hotel now. Besides, Tom was handsome, but not nearly as strong or rugged as Rashid. She thought he was kind, but there was no excitement when he touched her, which told her that he wasn't the guy for her. "I really need to get home. Thank you very much for the drink."

She could see that Tom wanted to say something more, but she discouraged that by just turning and walking through the rotating doors. When she was back out on the street, she took a deep breath, then headed to the subway station. She walked quickly, unaware that tears were streaming down her cheeks.

Chapter 6

Sidra had never been more grateful to have Monday morning roll around. She'd spent the weekend cleaning her apartment, strolling through as many showrooms as she could endure, making notes on various pieces that she thought were interesting. She wanted so desperately to forget Rashid, to push him out of her mind but no matter what she did, memories of the time they'd spent together kept rushing through her barriers. She wasn't eating, she was barely sleeping and when she finally slept, she dreamt about him, about being in his arms and experiencing the same bliss she'd found that weekend in England.

She printed out several of the pictures she'd taken of light fixtures over the weekend and pressed them to the boards for a few of her clients' designs. As soon as she did that, she knew she'd gotten a hit on the ideas and worked around those lights. She was grateful that she'd found something that would put the spark back in her work life. A part of her wondered if the spark was actually knowing that Rashid was in town, even if she wouldn't be able to see him again.

"You're wanted in the conference room," Andrea, the assistant Sidra shared with several of the other junior associates.

Sidra glanced at the doorway where Andrea's head had popped in and popped out, then swung around to her desk, pressing a few keys to get her schedule. Picking up the phone, she dialed Andrea's extension. "Andrea? I don't have a meeting scheduled. Are you sure you need me in the conference room?"

"Definitely. The request came directly from Debra so you'd better hurry," Andrea whispered through the phone.

Sidra froze when Andrea mentioned the name of the head partner of the design firm. "Debra? You mean Debra Morovia? Our boss?"

"One and the same! She's waiting impatiently and just looked out of the conference room door," Andrea whispered frantically. "Hurry and get down there. I'll try and find out what I can about the meeting while you gather your stuff."

Sidra put the phone back in the cradle and tried to calm herself by taking a few deep breaths while gathering up her notebook and a pen. She dropped the pen twice on the way out of her office which only slowed her down even more. Debra was rarely in meetings. In fact, the woman was rarely in the office. She was the founder of the firm and she never attended meetings with the lower level associates. Debra Morovia's designs were featured in Vogue and Vanity Fair and her name drew in the big clients, but she never deigned to mingle with the lesser mortals of the firm.

Something was very, very wrong, Sidra thought as she walked past Andrea's desk. Andrea shook her head, indicating that she hadn't heard anything so Sidra just walked past, heading down the long hallway towards the executive conference room.

As soon as Sidra stepped tentatively into the room, she saw Debra, in all her sophisticated glory, standing up and smiling at her. "Here she is!" Debra said and walked towards Sidra as if they were old friends. The older woman put her arm around Sidra's shoulders and turned to face the others that were in the conference room.

And that's when she saw him! Rashid was sitting at the end of the elegant conference table, leaning off to the side slightly as his ice blue eyes watched the scene unfold. He looked at her with the most incredible expression, as if he'd somehow won the war!

Sidra stiffened with that look but quickly noticed Debra's warning look. She allowed the head of the firm to lead her into the room and took the offered seat. Rashid was at the head of the table and Debra sat to the right of him, an interesting change of power positions, Sidra thought. She pushed the chair back slightly and crossed her legs as she smiled at Rashid, trying to pretend that nothing was wrong with this intimate little gathering. She suspected that she was about to be fired, but couldn't for the life of her figure out how Rashid had accomplished such a feat.

Nothing was making any sense, Sidra thought as she sat stiffly beside Debra. Why was the head of the firm, the woman who only took the most powerful, most wealthy and well known clients, sitting down and gushing to a man who trained horses?

And who were all these other people? The blond woman Sidra had seen the other night at the Willard Hotel was sitting to Rashid's left, prepared to take notes and looking exceptionally beautiful and efficient. There was a bulky man behind Rashid and several more in each corner of the conference room while one man actually stepped out and closed the conference room doors.

"Well, now that we're all here, we'd be delighted to hear how we can help you."

Rashid didn't even glance at Debra, a fact that was really irritating her boss who was doing her best to entice the man. "As I said, I have a large project that needs your firm's attention. I've seen Ms. York's work before and she's exactly the woman I want to work on the project."

Sidra flinched as she heard the double entendres in his statement. He didn't say that he wanted a designer with her special talents or perspective. He simply said that he wanted her on his project. What game was he playing at? She furiously thought through possibilities and tried to contain her anger at his rude staring.

Sidra glanced at the blond woman whose pen remained poised to take notes, but the page was blank.

Debra leaned forward and gushed more. "We're extremely pleased that you've chosen our firm to help you. Can you describe this project?"

"My home in Tasain needs re-decorating. I'd like to hire Ms. York to come and give me ideas, oversee the project and follow up to make sure that everything works out the way I want it to."

Sidra's eyes popped open. Could he afford something like this? Sidra had no idea what a horse trainer makes in a year but perhaps the top trainers were wealthy. Rashid obviously commanded a great deal of respect if Debra was taking an interest.

She cleared her throat and placed a hand gently on Sidra's arm. "We can definitely provide Ms. York's expertise. She's actually a junior associate so we'll send over someone more experienced, just to guide Ms. York through some of the more difficult issues of such a large project."

"Just Ms. York," he countered, looking directly at Debra, his eyes challenging her to say another word on the subject of who would be going and overseeing anything with his project. "Ms. York and I are already acquainted and I have complete faith in her abilities. I know she'll do exactly what I want of her."

Debra blinked but didn't miss a beat. She laughed and turned to Sidra, indicating that she should go along with whatever she was about to say. "Naturally, Ms. York is a very experienced and talented designer. But surely you understand that she's only a few years out of design school. I'm more than willing to assist Ms. York personally to ensure that your project goes along smoothly."

"Just Ms. York," he stated firmly once again. Then he stood up and Blondie rose along with him, not even surprised that she hadn't taken a single note during the whole exchange. The others behind him also jerked to attention. "A plane will be standing by to take her to my home. Make sure she's on it. I've seen her talents and know she's extremely capable."

Without another word, Rashid walked out of the conference room, his entire entourage following behind him with Sidra looking on with wide, confused eyes.

She was actually hurt by his attitude, not sure what was going on or why he was doing this. Turning to Debra, she looked to her boss for guidance. "I'm not really sure what just happened."

Debra put up her hand, telling Sidra to wait. Once the door to the conference room was closed, she turned with a patronizing smile to Sidra. "Okay, well that was interesting. Care to explain how you know the Sheik of Tasain?"

Sidra stared at Debra, swallowing painfully. "That man is the Sheik of Tasain?"

Debra leaned back in her chair, smirking with some sort of hidden meaning. "The one and only. Any idea how he knows you and requested you personally?"

Sidra was so stunned she couldn't think. She shook her head and said, "I can honestly say that I don't know that man."

Debra watched her carefully for a long moment, then sighed. "Well, he knows you. And he wants you to redecorate his palace."

Sidra stammered at that statement, her while mind reeling with the implications of wealth that one word had. "Palace? But he only said home."

Debra glanced back at her with derision. "Dear, the sheik lives in a palace. Where on earth did you get the idea that he lives in a simple home?"

Sidra knew she was looking extremely foolish, but couldn't help it. Her world was so confused right now and everything she'd thought she knew about Rashid was being transformed into something scary and dangerous. "Well, he said 'home'." Her heart was pounding painfully in her chest and she had no idea how she was going to deal with the new information that the man she'd made love to next to a beautiful stream was actually ruler of one of the most powerful oil producing countries in the world. As she looked down, her head was spinning and the thought crossed her mind that she could actually pass out right here in front of Debra.

It was only the realization that she would look extremely unprofessional if she passed out and her boss had to pry her off of the floor that she was able to pull herself together. Placing both of her hands on the table, she shook her head. "I can't do this," she whispered. "Why is he asking for me?" she asked, but deep down, she knew exactly why. He wanted to punish her for embarrassing him in the lobby of the hotel last Friday night. Maybe if she'd just gone with him that evening, he would have gotten his anger out of his system and she wouldn't be in this horrible situation now.

"That's a good question, but you don't really have time to figure that out. His plane leaves tomorrow morning at ten and you have to come up with some ideas for him." She pulled some papers that had been in the center of the conference room table towards them and flipped through several. "Here's what you have on your plate right now," she said and used her perfectly manicured finger to point to the outlines of Rashid's palace.

Sidra forced her mind to focus on the upcoming issues but Debra was going through so many items and cautions that Sidra was having problems.

"Are you getting all of this?" Debra asked sharply when Sidra felt like her eyes were crossing.

Sidra nodded, but she really wasn't. "I got it," she lied. Quickly, she came up with several suggestions for some designs and watched Debra's facial features. When the older woman relaxed and nodded, agreeing with Sidra's ideas, she continued to explain various aspects of the project, issues that needed to be considered. There were political problems, economic, and social gatherings that took place in some of the rooms. She would be redesigning even the sheik's private areas and Sidra swallowed at the realization that she would be in Rashid's bedroom, decorating his private space and making sure that it was decadent enough for his liaisons. She hated that idea and considered several subtle ways that might make the area less conducive to seduction and more geared towards sleep. It would serve him right if all he wanted to do in the room was sleep!

Debra's firm voice broke into her malicious thoughts, getting her back to the present. "Okay, it sounds like you have some great ideas for these areas, but you have to understand palace protocol as well." Debra sat down at the conference room table and drilled palace etiquette into Sidra's mind. She was never to address the sheik under any circumstances. All questions must go through his assistant, with appointments to be set up the day before. Sidra must always be mindful of the sheik's limited time and never disturb him. Any inconveniences needed to be kept to a minimum so bathroom remodeling needed to be done during the day with all materials finalized and back in working order by the time he finished for the night. The sheik could come and go as he pleased and she should vacate the any area in which he entered with a bow, or nothing at all if she could get out of that room without being seen first.

Sidra was writing as fast as possible, but there were so many rules! The regulations, the hierarchy within the palace, the assistants' names, the advisors' names, the various agencies, the laws and culture of the country, it was all drilled into Sidra throughout the day. Lunch was brought in, Debra's secretary was also brought in to type up all the notes as Debra relayed them.

It was after midnight when Debra finally stopped and Sidra looked up, half asleep and half of her panicking like she'd never panicked before. "I think that should cover it. I want daily reports on your progress. My home and cell phone number will be included in the materials Tara will send over to you. If you have any problems at all, you must call me immediately."

Debra leaned over so that Sidra was looking at her boss in the eyes. "Understand something, Sidra. You've been requested personally by a king. That happens once in a lifetime. If you succeed here with this project, you can write your own ticket anywhere, set your own price." She waited a moment to let that sink in before she continued. "If you mess this up in any way, you won't be hired by any firm, anywhere in the world. You'll be considered taboo with bad karma." Another heartbeat passed while Sidra's eyes widened. "Don't mess up," she finally said.

Sidra nodded her head, terrified of even falling asleep tonight for fear that she might dream something incorrectly after that warning.

She went home that night and it was eerily quiet on the streets. She felt like she was going to be sick with all of the instructions Debra had given to her. It as an odd feeling to be out so late, or more specifically, so early. She thought she was being followed at one point but when she turned into her apartment complex, the headlights that had been behind her for a while continued on. As soon as she entered her apartment, she made a cup of chamomile tea and then she went through several relaxation techniques.

It was about one o'clock in the morning when she finally relaxed enough to consider falling asleep. Unfortunately, her day wasn't over. She still had to pack, hadn't come up with a single idea for Rashid's home besides the general layout she'd given to Debra about fourteen hours ago, or his palace or whatever it was that he lived in, and the rules Debra had drilled into her going over and over in her mind.

She set her alarm for seven o'clock in the morning and fell into bed about three o'clock, her bags packed and ready by the door, her passport in her purse and an overwhelming sense of doom coming over her. Why was Rashid doing this? She was pretty sure he didn't need his home redecorated, and even if he did, why did he want her to do this? Was it retribution? Was he angry that he'd seen her with another man? But they hadn't done anything, barely even spoke since Tim had done all the talking about his law cases or Mindy had regaled the foursome with her bubbly personality dominating the conversation.

By five o'clock, she gave up trying to sleep and got up, showering and changing into her favorite suit. The dark brown color made her skin look softer and her hair shinier while the shape of the jacket tucked in at her waist, making her feel sophisticated and elegant. She took the outlines of the rooms and started making notes about some ideas, just in case Rashid was serious about redecorating and this wasn't some sort of punishment.

Debra's secretary had printed out the flight schedule and directions to the airstrip where the private planes took off so when she opened her door at seven o'clock to head to the airport, she was startled to find a large man outside her door staring at her.

With a yelp, she slammed her door shut and leaned against it, wondering why a large, bulky man would be standing outside her apartment door. Her fingers were shaking as she reached for her phone to dial nine one but before she finished pressing the second one, her phone rang once again.

She answered it, uncaring of who might be calling, just so she could have a connection to another human being. "Sidra?" Rashid's voice came over the line.

"Rashid? What are you doing calling me?" she gasped. "It doesn't matter. I have to hang up. There's a large, scary man standing outside my door. I need to call the police."

"Don't hang up, Sidra," he warned, his voice calm and his firm voice stopped her.

She'd been just about to press the red button when she heard his voice. She brought her cell phone back to her ear and listened, wondering why he was so adamant about her not calling the police. "Are you kidding me?"

"Not at all. The man standing outside your door is part of my security team. He's there to bring you to the airport. Be there in an hour and don't be late," he said smoothly before hanging up the phone.

Sidra stared at the phone, wondering if he'd misunderstood. Then her fuzzy, sleep deprived mind started to process the words he'd said. She slowly opened the door and peered outside. The man was still standing there with a phone to his ear. He bowed slightly when he saw her, said something foreign to the phone and shut it off. "May I help you with your bags, ma'am?" he asked gently. Or as gently as a man that large could come across.

Sidra could only nod her head and step back as the scary looking man with a scar across his cheek stepped into her apartment and picked up her two heavy bags, easily carrying them as if they were no heavier than her purse, while she'd had trouble just rolling them to the door because of their weight.

With a sigh, she shook her head, checked to make sure she had her passport, then followed the man out the door, making sure her door was locked behind her.

The ride to the airport was quiet since she was the only person in the limousine. She felt very conspicuous as they drove through the secured gates and straight up to the plane that was standing by with a staircase leading up to the very large plane. This wasn't a private plane. This was a double decker jumbo jet with people milling all around, some with automatic rifles and bullet proof vests, others with just large bulges under their suit jackets. The idea of this much security terrified her. Where had all of these men been when she and Rashid had been by the creek? She would have started asking questions if she'd seen so many armed guards surrounding him at that point.

And if she'd asked a few more questions, she might not feel as foolish as she did now.

"This way, ma'am," the body guard explained to her. Someone else rushed over to the trunk of the limousine and pulled her bags out of the trunk, taking them to some sort of machine towards the back of the plane.

She was escorted onto the jet and her eyes widened as she looked around. So many people working, all looking extremely busy and professional, and yet still no sign of Rashid. Personally, all she wanted to do was curl up in a ball and sleep so not seeing him now wasn't such a problem. It was just that she wanted to know where the enemy was, she thought. She'd been planning sleep during the flight while she'd lain in her bed last night, but that wasn't on the agenda if all these busy people were any indication.

"Ms. York?" a tall, pretty woman in a crisp navy blue uniform asked Sidra.

Sidra knew she'd been standing in the doorway, looking lost and alone. She was grateful for the other woman's welcome guidance. "Yes. Where should I sit? Is there a seat out of the way where I can sit and not bother anyone?"

"His highness has requested that you join him upstairs," the uniformed woman explained.

Sidra didn't like that idea one little bit, but it made her feel better to at least know where the man was now. She looked behind her at the stairs. "Why?"

The woman blinked and looked at Sidra strangely. "I'm...." the woman stammered, obviously unused to people asking that question. Apparently, when 'his highness' wanted one's presence, one presented oneself. Another rule Debra forgot to mention. Or maybe she had and Sidra just hadn't remembered. "Sorry," Sidra mumbled, hiding her amusement at the woman's stunned expression. "Just use those stairs?" she asked, feeling like a recalcitrant child.

The navy blue woman looked relieved that she didn't have to answer Sidra's question and stepped to the side. "Yes. John will meet you at the top level."

Sidra nodded and tucked her bag full of notes onto her shoulder. "Thank you. I'll check in with....him.." she said awkwardly, not sure she could ever call Rashid 'his highness', "but is there a place I could work when I'm through?"

The woman smiled. "Of course. I'll make sure there is a table for you as soon as you're finished." She waved up the stairs, as if Sidra really shouldn't keep the great man waiting. "Take off is in approximately five minutes."

Sidra absorbed that information as she stood in the middle of the entryway, completely stunned by what was happening. This wasn't real, she told herself. She wasn't really here, she wasn't exhausted and she wasn't flying halfway across the globe with a man she'd met three weeks ago. No, this was all a dream and she was really in her bed, snuggled under her down comforter waiting for the sun to come up.

She was startled out of her mental arguments when a man came stumbling down the stairs from the upper deck and looked around frantically. Sidra noticed the moment his eyes spotted her and he rushed over to her. "Are you Ms. Sidra York?" he asked, slightly out of breath and looking extremely frazzled.

Sidra looked back at the man, wondering why he appeared to be so nervous. "Yes. Why?"

The man visibly relaxed. "If you would follow me, His Highness has been waiting for you to arrive so we can take off. This way?"

Sidra simply stood there, wondering when her dream was going to wake her up and she should shower and....

"Ma'am?" he prompted anxiously when Sidra simply stood there, probably with her mouth hanging open in stunned silence.

She blinked at the man, ordered her feet to move forward, but she was stuck, her feet plastered firmly on the floor. She even noticed the others around her that had previously been rushing about their business, all were now finding seats and locking their seat belts into place, some even looking at her expectantly.

The man's anxiety once again increased and he moved forward so that he could quietly say in her ear, "I apologize for the rush, ma'am, but His Highness has been asking about you for the past thirty minutes. We're scheduled to take off but if you're not upstairs and in a seat where he can see you, then he will delay our departure. That will throw off several meetings that are all tightly scheduled for the day and could cause several international issues."

Sidra snapped out of her stupefaction and shook her head. "Well, I wouldn't want to be the cause of any international issues. Lead the way," she said, but her voice was almost a whisper. She was terrified of seeing Rashid again. But because of Debra's warning yesterday, she couldn't turn back. The only course was to go forward and figure out how to deal with a cheating, heartless bastard of a man.

Be professional, she told herself as she carefully took each step to the upper deck. She might have been emotionally invested in their short relationship, but Rashid had had other ideas. She had to put that behind her and move forward. This was a wonderful opportunity and she needed to grab the bull by the horns and do a bang up job of decorating this man's home. She could create an environment for him that he'd love! She just had to be professional about everything.

She followed the gopher Rashid had sent to hunt her down, hearing the plane's engines rev up outside and she climbed the stairs with knees that were barely able to hold her weight.

The upper deck was filled with people sitting at a conference room table but as soon as she arrived, Rashid nodded and the whole area was vacated within moments. She stood there staring at Rashid, her eyes taking in his magnificent form in an immaculate suit and red, silk tie.

Rashid looked her up and down, noting the dark circles and the loose clothing. She hadn't been eating or sleeping, he thought. That indicated she was miserable about something so at least he was in good company. Good! He didn't like her being miserable, but at least it showed that she felt something for him and was just as miserable as he had been since they'd departed.

He should feel better knowing that she was upset about something but in reality, he felt angry and wanted to take her into his arms and make it all better for her. He wanted to protect her and tell her that everything would be okay, and he would make it okay. And then he would lift her into his arms and make love to her until neither one of them could move again.

"Coffee?" he asked, ignoring all the things he wanted to say to her. Primarily to demand who the bastard was that she'd been talking to last Friday night. Did she love him? Was their time in England just a weekend fling that she'd already dismissed in her mind?

Sidra looked over at the table filled with various breakfast materials but the thought of food turned her stomach. "No thank you."

Another beautiful woman appeared in a doorway and cleared her throat. "Your Highness, we're ready to take off. The pilot is waiting on your permission."

Rashid nodded, but he didn't take his eyes off of Sidra. He indicated she should find a chair and fasten her seat belt. He did the same, but inside, he was fuming that anyone else had dared to touch this lovely, forlorn looking woman.

Sidra walked through the conference room to the chairs set against one of the walls. They appeared to be the only ones with seat belts so she'd have to sit next to the man. With as much dignity as she could come up with, she took her seat, but pointed her knees and shoulders away from the man buckling his seat belt next to her.

He lifted a phone and said something, then quickly hung up. A moment later, the enormous plane moved down the runway and a few minutes after that, they were airborne. Sidra didn't have a problem with flying, but she was still stunned by the fact that Rashid wasn't her lowly born horse trainer but was really a king. Or a sheik or something like that. He was not 'hers' either.

"How have you been?" Rashid asked, breaking the silence.

Sidra jumped at the sound of his deep voice, but then got herself under control. "I've been fine. Thank you very much. And you?" Professional, she reminded herself. She could do this, just one moment at a time.

He shrugged, his eyes drinking in her soft skin along with the gauntness about her cheeks. "Except for being furious with you? Fine."

Gone were all of her professional thoughts with that opening salvo. She swung back to glare at him. "Furious with me? What did I do?"

His blue eyes darkened with his anger. "You left that weekend and didn't tell me where to reach you."

She snorted, a very unladylike sound and she regretted it immediately. "As if you would care!" She turned back away from him, then sighed. "That was unprofessional of me. I apologize. Would you care to see the preliminary plans I've drawn up?"

He considered her overly thin face and the dark circles under her eyes. "I'd like you to eat something."

Sidra looked over at the food. There was colorful fruit and pastries and something inside of chafing dishes that smelled delicious, but she shook her head. "I'll have something later," she promised, hoping that her stomach would settle down now that the initial confrontation with Rashid had happened.

The massive plane was leveling off slightly and a bell chimed in the distance. "Have some coffee or tea. It looks like you haven't slept at all."

She sighed and smoothed her hair back nervously. She was prepared for angry Rashid but this kind Rashid wasn't helping her with her equilibrium. "Coffee would be nice."

"What time did you finish working last night?" he asked as he stood up to get her a cup of coffee, pouring the hot liquid into a delicate china cup.

She bent down to look through the papers in her briefcase, not wanting to look at him and remember how tall and powerful he was underneath those tailored clothes. She didn't want to think about all those moments she'd been allowed to touch him, to revel in the strength of his body and how feminine he made her feel when he held her in his arms. "My boss and I went over the plans you left until late."

He handed her the cup and stood over her, his blue eyes assessing her carefully. "How late?"

She took the cup but as soon as she smelled the brew she had to push it away, almost spilling it on her hand as the smell started to make her gag. "Please, I can't handle this right now," she gasped and handed it back to him.

Rashid looked down at her as he held the cup away. "Are you okay?" he asked. Her face was pale and even her lips had turned white. He was immediately concerned and bent down low to look into her eyes.

Sidra took a deep breath, grateful that there wasn't the scent of coffee to invade her nostrils. She felt marginally better, but still wasn't ready for the coffee once again. "Yes. I'm sorry, I'm perfectly fine. Just no coffee. Please, can you push it away?"

Rashid put the cup back onto the table with the other food, then came back to stand in front of her. "What time did you get to sleep last night?" he demanded.

Sidra took a deep breath and relaxed, forcing her body to stop reacting so oddly. She ignored Rashid's question in an effort to calm down and close her eyes.

"Answer me!" he growled, bending low and placing a hand on either side of her chair. His face was at her eye level and she gasped with the closeness, her fingers curling into fists so she didn't reach up and touch him as she so desperately wanted to. Three weeks ago, she felt as if she could touch him in any way she wanted. He even encouraged her that last morning and she'd reveled in the freedom to explore the hard planes of his body. But she didn't have that pleasure now and she had to pull back, be careful about what she wanted. This man was off limits to her now.

Angrily, she glared back at him. "I don't have to answer to you! I'm here in a professional capacity to decorate your dam house! Not to bow and scrape like all those other people..." she was just getting more riled up with his arrogant attitude.

Rashid didn't hesitate any longer. He grabbed her hands, pulled her up out of her chair, straight into his arms. He covered her mouth with his a moment before he knew she was going to start arguing but he didn't care any longer. He'd been thinking about holding her for so many nights, and days, and he wasn't waiting any longer.

Sidra gasped at the contact, her mind spiraling back to the creek, her body remembering all that they'd done and how it felt to be back in his arms. But it was better now. The electricity of his touch making her shudder with a need that she'd tried so hard to suppress, but it had always been right below the surface. Now, with his mouth kissing her, his tongue moving in and out of her mouth just like she wanted him to do to her body, she couldn't deny that need any longer. It roared to life, making her feel like she was coming apart at the seams and her hands that had been clenched by her side so she wouldn't touch him, grabbed the lapels of his suit jacket and pulled him closer, her body needing to be closer to him that she'd ever felt possible.

His hand moved into her hair, pulling the pins out and tossing them to the side until his fingers could feel the softness, tangle in the tresses. He pulled her head back, deepening the kiss and forcing her to acknowledge that this was exactly where she wanted to be. When he realized that she wasn't fighting him, was in fact pulling him closer, he relaxed his hold somewhat, moving his hand under her suit jacket and tearing at the silk shirt she was also wearing. His frustration level increasing until he felt her skin.

He heard her sharp intake of breath as he moved his hand from her back to her stomach, moving upwards to cup those incredible breasts that he remembered in his mind, he growled, "It's me you want, isn't it? Forget that bastard and come back to me. I can make you feel this better than any man ever could. Just say the word, Sidra."

His words, spoken with a deep, husky growl, penetrated her mind and she pulled back slightly, looking up at him and wondering what was wrong. She was breathing heavily, wanting so much to just move back against him but then she remembered what was wrong. The woman! The three weeks! She'd been such a fool to believe him, to have waited for him!

She stepped back and was relieved when he released her. She took several steps away from him, holding onto the conference room table to keep herself from falling onto the floor because of her wobbly knees. "Leave me alone," she whispered. "You can't do this to me again. I won't let you," she finally got out then bit her lip to keep herself from sobbing out the pain and anguish she'd felt at his betrayal and absence.

"Can't do what to you?" he snapped back. "Make you react to my touch? Make you shiver with need?"

"Stop it!" she almost shouted back at him. "Just leave me alone!"

He moved closer to her but didn't touch her. Leaning down so he could see into her eyes, he watched as she tried to shrink away from him and it only made him angrier. "I wish I could but we both know that's not an option."

She was more furious than she'd ever been in her life and she was trapped on a plane with a man she didn't understand. "Let's just stick to the project, okay?"

Rashid looked like he wanted to argue but after fighting with himself for a moment, he nodded his head curtly. "You eat while you talk though. You've lost too much weight and you look dead on your feet."

She slapped the files she'd brought onto the conference room table and kept herself from rolling her eyes. "You can't make me eat, Rashid." She pulled out the plans he'd left at her office the previous day and started rolling them out as she said, "or am I supposed to refer to you as 'Your Highness' as well as all your other minions?"

He spun around and glared at her. "If you do I'll turn you over my knee and spank you."

She looked up at him, all the hurt and despair showing through in her eyes as she said, "I thought you were just a horse trainer." She said the words softly but he heard her and some of the anger left him.

He sighed and ran a frustrated hand through his hair, his shoulders still tense, but looking suddenly defeated. "It was nice to be thought of that way for a few days. You don't know what it's like to be bowed to all your life. When we met, you didn't do any of the normal things women do around me and I liked it."

She sank gratefully into an empty chair and tried to steady her shaking hands. "You mean they didn't cater to your every whim?"

He smiled seductively and shook his head. "I believe I remember you catering to several of my whims," he replied.

Sidra blushed and looked away, focusing instead on the plans and refusing to reply to his comment. She'd more than catered to him, she remembered. She'd begged and pleaded that third day for him to end their torment. And that was after she'd done some tormenting of her own, following his instructions even if some of those instructions had been non-verbal. She was embarrassed now by how uninhibited she'd been with him and wanted to wipe those mornings from her mind. "I thought you might like to switch the sitting area in here around so that the light coming in through these windows could be more useful." She was referring to the living area of his private quarters, her finger pointing to the largest area and praying he would take the hint that she couldn't talk about their intimate time together any more.

Rashid considered pulling her back to the previous conversation, but he looked down at her shaking fingers and quivering chin and gave her a bit of space. He wanted this woman and he wasn't giving up on her, but he could tell that she was pulling from the bottom of her capacity to cope right at the moment. He didn't want to destroy her. But he wouldn't let her walk away.

"Start in the bedroom," he commanded and pointed to the opposite side of the plans. "What are your ideas for this room?" he asked and took a seat on the other side of the conference room table so he could watch her. He couldn't give a damn about redecorating his private quarters. The whole idea was just an excuse to get her on his own turf and understand what had happened that last day.

Sidra's heart sank at the reference to his bedroom. She didn't want to discuss the private areas where this man slept, where he probably took the women in his life, maybe even had enjoyed a love affair or two. How many women had shared his bed? Had he felt anything for them?

With shaking fingers, she pulled out the ideas she and Debra had discussed for his bedroom and stammered through several of the ideas, explaining the advantages. He was very considerate as they talked, asking her opinion, why she would do one thing versus another and suggesting very few alterations. He even asked her what her favorite color was and told her to use that for the basis of the design.

She looked up at him, confused by his response. "Are you sure you want a yellow bedroom? We could use a darker shade, more gold than yellow..."

"Show me that color chart again?"

She pulled it back out from underneath several of the plans she'd drawn up with Debra the previous night and handed it to him. "Would you mind if I grabbed something to eat now? We've made some good progress."

He instantly looked up at her and shook his head. "Please, fill a plate with anything you'd like.

While he examined the options, she walked over to the food. The breakfast dishes had been taken away at some point and replaced with snacks and delicious cheese with savory crackers and olives. It was lunch time and she was actually famished. Apparently work really had helped her settle her stomach. And keeping off of subjects that produced anxiety definitely helped.

If she could just stay out of his arms, she might get through this project with her heart intact and her pride only somewhat in tatters.

She took a fork and tried to be polite about the food, but she was just too hungry. She was focusing on the strawberries, savoring their tart sweetness when she felt something strange and opened her eyes. Rashid was sitting back in his chair, no longer reviewing the plans but simply staring at her with open amusement.

"What?" she asked, swallowing the strawberry.

He didn't say anything for a moment, just continued to watch her, thinking how sexy she was as she enjoyed the food. "We haven't even shared a meal. This is our first meal together."

That reminded her of how silly she'd been to fall into a relationship with a man she didn't know. "Lessons learned for next time, eh?"

He frowned and she saw his eyes darken. "What do you mean, next time?"

"When we meet our next partner," she clarified, her stomach clenching with disgust at both the idea of another man touching her as well as any woman touching Rashid. Her eyes glanced down the stairs, thinking of the lovely flight attendants. She wondered if Rashid had already sampled their beautiful bodies and she hated them instantly.

She pushed her plate away, unable to eat anything more. "If that's all you wanted to discuss," she said wearily, her exhaustion coming back up to bring down her excitement from the past several hours of discussing the details of his home changes with Rashid, "I'll go find a spot to work."

Rashid glared at her, wondering how he could get her to understand that what they'd shared in England was rare and she shouldn't be so cavalier about it. Surely she'd realized that when she'd been with that other man at the hotel? How could she just dismiss something so special?

He sighed and rubbed the back of his neck. "That's fine. Have more plans for me by the time we land and we'll discuss them over dinner tonight." He felt like he'd made some small progress and he wanted to continue during dinner. Maybe a glass of wine or a hot meal would help her relax and they could talk more openly.

Sidra nodded and shuffled all of her papers together, wondering how she was going to come up with more ideas when all she wanted to do was fall asleep somewhere. She was so worn out she wasn't sure any ideas she came up with now would be any good.

She picked up her papers and stuffed them into her briefcase, then walked carefully down the stairs. At the bottom, several men were waiting and, at the site of her, they quickly moved upstairs. Sidra wondered if she'd taken up more of Rashid's time than she'd been allotted. If that were so, she thought as she walked down the plane, looking for an empty seat in a quiet corner, then it was all his fault. She hadn't wanted to do this on the plane. She'd wanted to sleep and work and possibly more of the first than of the second. But here she was, her mind trying to come up with unique ideas to create a masculine bedroom with butter yellow decor. That was impossible, she told herself as she found a chair way back in the back of the plane. It wasn't the most comfortable, but it was out of the main walkway which meant she wouldn't be disturbed and could get a couple of hours sleep before landing.

She placed her briefcase next to her feet, then slipped her shoes off and pushed the button that would lower the back of the chair into a reclining position. It took her perhaps three seconds after her eyes closed before she fell asleep.

She didn't hear the pilot turn on the fasten seatbelt sign. Nor did she hear the rest of the crew as they finalized preparations for landing. The day had disappeared as the plane moved across the sky to the east and it was now early morning in Tasain. As the plane taxied to a stop, the personnel rushed about, collecting their papers and hurrying down the stairwell so they could finalize their work prior to reporting later in the day. No one remembered to check for the new interior designer who had joined their ranks until Rashid descended the steps and inquired as to her whereabouts to his security chief. He wanted her to ride with him, but no one had seen her since she'd descended the stairs earlier in the flight.

When the body guard looked back blankly, Rashid cursed and called a halt to everyone's departure. "Find her!" Rashid hissed and even he stormed back up the stairs in search of his missing lover. Twenty minutes later, and still no sign of her, Rashid was starting to wonder if she'd gotten off the plane with someone else and was already heading back to the United States.

No, he hadn't known her long, but something inside him told him that she wouldn't just run away. She was too proud and when she'd descended the stairs several hours ago, she looked about ready to pass out from exhaustion.

"She's sleeping somewhere. Search all the areas where someone might have curled up and fallen asleep and make sure she's okay." Rashid swore under his breath, thinking about how he'd wanted to call her back and ordered her into his bedroom to sleep before she'd gone back down the stairs. No one had ever entered that area but himself so it would have looked odd, and declared his intentions more quickly than he wanted them known. But his frantic search now was giving away exactly what he wanted to hide and he didn't give a damn. He just wanted Sidra found to make sure she was okay.

He was walking down the aisles of the plane, looking to his right and left, trying to think of any place she might have hidden to find some sleep when he almost stumbled upon her. She was curled up in a chair, her hair fanned out behind her and both of her hands stacked on top of each other to form a pillow for her chin. She looked exceptionally lovely and peaceful.

He signaled to one of his body guards who immediately radioed to the others that the woman had been found. Rashid bent down and watched her for a moment, looking at her perfect skin, the heart shaped face that had caused him so many nights of frustration. As well as her lovely, long legs and her perfect breasts that fit in his hands exactly.

As he watched her, she sighed in her sleep and mumbled something, but he couldn't understand her. He knew he'd have to wake her up, but she looked so peaceful, he regretted it when he touched her shoulder gently and she jerked awake.

"It's time to disembark, little one," he said softly, smiling at the way she looked around. She was like a little kitten when she woke up. She stretched, glanced to the right and left, forward, her hand reached up and touched her hair and she ran her fingers through the soft, brown tresses, exactly like he wanted to do.

One moment she looked adorable, the next she was shoving him out of the way and racing towards the bathroom. He couldn't believe it when she slammed the door shut and he could hear her throwing up. He was instantly worried about her now and knocked on the door. "Sidra, open the door, love. You need help."

When there was only silence, he signaled to the flight attendant to unlock the door. All the attendants had keys to the bathrooms in case of an emergency and Rashid considered his woman throwing up a definite emergency. As soon as the door was opened, he said to his body guard, "Call ahead and have my physician standing by when we reach the palace. I want her to see him as soon as possible. And get me a warm towel," he snapped as he entered the bathroom to find Sidra sitting on the floor to the bathroom, a towel already in her hand and her eyes closed.

He bent down next to her in the cramped space and pushed her hair gently out of her face so he could see her. She looked ashen and miserable and he wanted to pull her into his arms and rock her until she felt better. "What's wrong, love?" he asked and ran a finger down her soft cheek. "You weren't feeling well earlier. It's obviously worse now."

Sidra felt so miserable, she couldn't even argue with him. All she wanted to do was break down in tears and pray that her stomach would feel better soon. She couldn't even shake her head or smile to reassure him, afraid that any movement would send her stomach into overdrive again since it still hadn't completely settled down, even though there probably wasn't anything left in it at this point.

"Can I pick you up?" he asked softly when she didn't appear to want to move.

"No," she whispered, keeping her eyes closed.

Rashid sat there next to her for another moment, then shook his head. "I can't leave you like this," he said and put an arm under her legs and behind her back. She mumbled a protest, but couldn't argue much since she was so miserable. When her head dropped against his shoulder, he pulled her closer, careful to not shake her as much as possible.

His body guards were already ahead of him, opening the door to the limousine. Rashid wouldn't let her move to his side and after a feeble protest, she simply lay in his arms, her face pressed against his neck.

Sidra wasn't sure if she wanted to die of embarrassment more, or just any way possible that would stop the horrible feeling in her stomach. Even the smallest movement made her want to wretch again but she concentrated on relaxing every muscle in her body so that she could control the nausea. She didn't open her eyes so she didn't see the magnificent structure they were approaching, lit up by the bright sunshine and located in the center of the city. The Tasain Palace was one of those amazing structures that were built so long ago with additions built up around each side and on top over the centuries. Rashid was proud of his city and equally proud of his country. He would have liked to show Sidra the sights both during the day as well as at night, to let her see how incredible the city could be and give her some of the history. But right now, all he wanted was to get her into his palace and have his physician explain how to make her better. It was probably just a stomach bug, he told himself, but he didn't want to take any chances.

The guard nodded his head, indicating that the physician was on his way to Rashid's private quarters. Rashid followed along, hurrying down the long hallways. A guard had the door open and he walked inside, laying Sidra down carefully on the sofa by the fireplace. She barely even acknowledged the change, barely moving and Rashid's concern increased.

"Where the hell is the doctor?" he demanded to his guard.

The door to his quarters was opened by another guard and Doctor Hamid walked in, still buttoning his shirt and straightening his glasses on his face. "I apologize for the delay, Your Highness. What's the problem?" he asked.

Rashid waved the elderly man over to the sofa and stepped back. "She woke up from a deep sleep about twenty minutes ago. She looked fine one moment, then lost what little she'd eaten during the day in the toilet."

The man nodded his head, seeing the concern on his leader's face and understood that this woman was important to him. "Let me see what's going on," he replied gently.

He bent down and took out his stethoscope, listening to Sidra's heart, her lungs and starting to touch various points on her body. But when he tried to move her, she protested, shaking her head slowly and closing her eyes.

Dr. Hamid turned to Rashid with caring eyes. "Would you mind if I spoke to the lady alone?"

Rashid instantly shook his head. "Not on your life. I want to know what's wrong with her."

Sidra tried to protest, but any movement, even raising her hand to challenge Rashid's assertion that he would stay in the room made her too miserable.

Dr. Hamid understood, and wasn't going to challenge his leader. The man had absolute power here and if he wanted to stay during the exam, he stayed.

Turning back to Sidra, he took her wrist and noted the rapid pulse. "Can you tell me the date of your last period, dear?" he asked gently.

Sidra swallowed slowly and counted backwards. Actually, she couldn't remember the last time she'd had her period. "I can't remember."

The doctor clasped his hands together. "Could it have been in the past month?"

Sidra's hand covered her face and she shook her head, then stopped when that caused her stomach to quiver. "The last three weeks have been....difficult..." she finally said.

"Are you normally regular?"

Sidra couldn't believe she was discussing things like this with Rashid in the room but he wouldn't leave. She couldn't see him, but she was sure he was probably just as embarrassed as she was. "Yes. Very regular."

Dr. Hamid pulled a syringe out of his case and some cotton balls. "What's that for?" Sidra asked, terrified of what he was going to do. "I'm fine," she started to say, wanting to avoid the needle as much as possible. "Please, no needles."

The doctor chuckled and patted her shoulder soothingly. "I'm very good at this. You'll barely feel anything."

Sidra wasn't convinced. She looked up at Rashid, wanting him to make the man stop, but his face looked painfully pale underneath his tanned skin and she wasn't sure she'd get much help from him. Obviously he didn't like needles any more than she did. "Please. I just picked up a stomach flu somewhere. I'll be fine with a bit of rest."

The doctor soothed her and shook his head. "Let me just get a blood sample and we can make sure that it's just a stomach flu. I can then give you something to help with the nausea."

Sidra sat back, curling herself up into a ball. "Please. No needles," she begged.

Rashid stepped in, placing a hand on Dr. Hamid's shoulder. "Let me talk to her," he said quietly.

The doctor moved back and Rashid took his place. "Sidra, is there any chance you might be pregnant?" he asked, not sure how he felt about the situation.

She closed her eyes and thought back. Yes, it was entirely possible. They had only used condoms while in England and they weren't one hundred percent reliable. Anything might have happened and there was that one time when they'd been rushing. She had no idea but she might not have put the condom on correctly.

"Please, no!" she thought and curled up tighter. "No no no!" She was rocking herself now, tears streaming down her cheeks and she prayed that it wasn't so. "I can't be pregnant," she whispered. "How is it possible?"

"We were together three weeks ago. If you can tell the doctor the date of your last period, he can move on from there."

"No. You sleep around! You don't want to have a baby with me." She was crying now and Rashid pulled her back into his arms. He signaled to the doctor to leave them alone and both the doctor and his guards left the room quietly. "Please, can I just go to sleep?" she asked, sniffling weakly.

"Yes," he sighed and lifted her up, carrying her into his bedroom.

"Where am I?" she asked as he slipped her shoes off. She still couldn't move because her stomach rebelled at any kind of movement.

"You're in a bed. Just relax. The bathroom is to your right if you start to feel bad again." He slid his hands up her legs, almost groaning with the sharp stab of lust when he found she was wearing thigh high stockings. He peeled them down off her legs, leaving her skirt on but slipping the jacket off of her arms.

Sidra didn't want to argue. She just wanted to sleep and pray that she would feel better soon. She curled up onto her side and was instantly asleep. She wasn't even aware of the strong arms that wrapped around her waist, pulling her back against a muscular chest as she sighed with sleep. "Rashid," she sighed happily.

"Yes. It's me. Not that other idiot so don't you forget it."

She snuggled up closer to him and Rashid gritted his teeth as her round bottom pressed against his erection. "Never anyone but you. Always you."

Rashid's muscles tensed and he wondered if she knew what she was saying. "What about the other guy?" he asked softly, testing to see if she would respond.

"Only you," she whispered and if he hadn't been waiting for it, he might have missed her words.

He smiled into the darkness and pulled her closer, careful not to put any pressure on her stomach. The woman hadn't betrayed him, he thought with a satisfaction that was more potent than anything he'd experienced in a long time. Three weeks, actually.

Chapter 7

Sidra opened her eyes but there wasn't any light. She had no point of reference and she was so hot she could barely stand the heat. She tried to throw off the blanket, but it came right back to her and she felt smothered.

Turning around, she realized that it was Rashid who was wrapped around her. And not only him, but her legs were tangled up in his as well.

Her heart started pounding and she stayed very still. Was her stomach going to rebel? She tested some movement and miraculously, she actually felt fine. Better than fine, in fact. She felt marvelous!

And then she realized that Rashid was naked!

Those 'fine' feelings instantly dissipated as desire streaked through her body. All that body heat was not to be ignored. She moved more, trying to loosen his arms, but the more she moved, the more tangled they became. And the more intense those feelings of need increased, of craving his body.

She untangled herself carefully from him, trying very hard not to wake him up. But if she stayed like this much longer, she wasn't sure she could resist touching him the way she had that morning.

After several starts and stops when he moved and she was afraid he was going to wake up, Sidra finally freed herself from him and the bed. She made her way to the bathroom, grateful for the dim light that he'd left on. Probably because he didn't want her throwing up in his bed.

But she felt incredibly good right now, although she needed a toothbrush. The gross feeling on her teeth was making her stomach not feel very good again.

She searched through the drawers and found several packaged tooth brushes. She didn't dwell too long on the fact that the man stored spare tooth brushes in his bathroom because she'd just get angry and she was too tired of being angry with this man.

Sidra quickly brushed her teeth, then ran her fingers through her hair. The silk shirt and wool suit were toast, she thought as she looked at her appearance in the mirror. And she had no clue where her shoes or stockings had landed. She didn't mind finding a new room in bare feet, as long as she wasn't caught by....

She caught his reflection in the mirror and swung around, her eyes automatically taking in his magnificent naked body. The man was all muscle and...well, mostly muscle. And that incredible erection where her eyes watched it grow.

"What are you doing?" she gasped as he stood there looking at her.

"Coming to check on you. How are you feeling?" he asked casually, as if he weren't just standing there naked in front of her, his arousal growing as plain as day.

"I'd feel much better if you would put some clothes on!" she squeaked out, then looked away and tried to pretend she hadn't seen anything.

He chuckled softly but grabbed a towel, putting it around his waist for her benefit. "Is this better?" he asked and walked towards her, stopping when he was less than a foot away.

Sidra looked down and noticed the terry cloth was covering him, but it left nothing to the imagination because his erection was still there for her to see, even if she couldn't see the details of the actual flesh. "Fine. I just need to go," she said with a strangled voice. "I'll find my way to my room."

"You're staying here," he countered and moved closer. With a swift movement, he swung her up into his arms and she had no choice but to grab onto his neck and hold on while he carried her back to his bed.

"What are you doing?" she demanded when he laid her down in the center of the bed.

"Right at the moment, I'm putting you back in bed. But in about two seconds, I'm going to make love to you since you appear to be feeling better."

"No!" she gasped and tried to roll away, but he caught her and pulled her back.

"There's no getting out of this," he replied. "You talk in your sleep, by the way," he said and covered her mouth with his, preventing her from asking him what she might have revealed.

His hands didn't stop touching her until all of her clothes were gone. It probably would have been better for her case if she hadn't helped him pull her clothes off. But within seconds of him kissing her, all she wanted was more of this man. More of his touch and helping him get her clothes off so she could feel him was imperative. She couldn't believe how effective he was at dispensing with female clothing but when he covered her naked body with his, she didn't protest any longer. She'd dreamed about this so many times over the past several weeks and with him here, his legs pressing between hers, she couldn't fight it any longer.

His hands were everywhere, touching her stomach, molding her breasts in his hands, kissing the tips and then coming back for a longer taste as he sucked against the hard peaks, not relenting until she cried out and tried to push his head away from the intensity of what he was making her feel.

He was relentless, moving down her body and she was barely able to breathe with all the sensations she was feeling. One after the other, she couldn't seem to catch up and when he moved between her legs, she just about lifted off the bed with the shock of his tongue on her heat. She was actually embarrassed by how wet she was as he slid one finger, then two inside of her, moving his fingers in and out while his tongue teased that hard nub. When she was close, so close to her climax, he stopped and stilled, looking up at her with angry eyes. "Tell me that you're mine," he commanded.

"I'm not! I'm not anyone's to order around!" she screamed out and moved underneath him, furious that he wasn't giving her what she wanted. But he wouldn't let her escape and his hand came right back to her core, moving slightly against the swollen flesh.

"You are mine. Even if you won't say the words, I know that you have always been mine ever since the moment we met." His hands shifted and she gasped when he did something that shot sparks of fire throughout her whole body. "Tell me you like this," he commanded more softly.

"Yes!" she screamed again.

"Tell me you want me to keep doing it to you."

"Yes!" she begged, her eyes wide, showing him the desire she was feeling, the way every cell in her body needed him to come back to her. "I need you so much!"

Rashid couldn't wait any longer. She was so hot, so beautiful like this that he couldn't resist the need to bury himself deep inside of her, to take her to the limits of what her body was capable of feeling. The need to show her that they belonged together overrode his need to possess her completely.

"You're mine," he growled a moment before he moved back and tasted her one more time, bringing her over the edge to a climax but not relenting. Over and over again, he brought her to the peak until she was shivering in his arms. Only then did he move higher, filling her up with himself.

"Protection!" she gasped when she felt his hardness at her core.

"Don't need it any longer," he said and slid into her heat, gritting his teeth with how wonderful she felt without the irritation of a condom between their skin. "You feel incredible!" he said and bent down to kiss her while his hands pulled her legs up, allowing him to push deeper inside of her. "So wet, so hot for me," he said and moved slightly, eliciting that sexy gasp of pleasure he remembered so well from their creek days.

Even then, he wouldn't enjoy his own release until she was with him, needing her complete abandonment of herself to him so they could ride the wave together. When he felt her body start to pulse around him, he let himself go, pounding harder and faster to reach the ultimate release. As his body drained into her, he thought about the baby they'd formed several weeks ago and the orgasm actually increased in intensity, making him shudder with the power of it all.

A long time later, with her once again curled up beside him and fading off to sleep, he chuckled at her demand for pregnancy protection. She didn't hear his amusement since she'd already drifted off to sleep once again, but he thought it cute that she still didn't realize that she was pregnant.

And because she was a real chatterbox while she slept, he had no doubt that the baby was his. Unlike the first time she'd fallen asleep in his arms when he'd avoided any kind of pressure on her stomach, he now placed his hand over her flat abdomen. It was almost as if he wanted to protect his unborn child from harm.

Sidra woke up feeling better, but once again, she was wrapped around Rashid. She wanted to bury her face in her hands with embarrassment after her memory caught up with her but she considered it a higher priority to get out of this room before it happened again. And that was a definite possibility since she was already feeling those stirrings.

The room was still dark and she had no idea what time it was. She felt better, refreshed, but since she'd traveled east into time zones, it could be the middle of the afternoon for all she knew. She'd slept on the plane, but wasn't sure how long.

She had to get out of here!

She tip toed towards what she suspected was the door to his bedroom and was grateful when it opened and there was bright, morning light shining through the windows. That gave her a time reference.

A man with bulging muscles stepped into her pathway and she jumped, almost yelling out with her surprise but she was able to stop herself in time.

"I'm sorry, but I don't know where my luggage has been placed. Do you have any idea?" she asked.

The man nodded and waved for her to follow him. He led her to a room right across from the door she'd just left and she was surprised. "I thought this was Rashid's private area. Is this actually the guest wing?"

The man shook his head and opened the door for her, turning on the light and doing a visual check of the room before standing back and silently indicating that she could enter.

Sidra thought that was odd, but so far, everything had been odd from the moment she'd stepped onto the plane. Yesterday? Or was it still today?

She sighed and shook her head. She was too mixed up to have an existential moment.

She saw her luggage though so she was relieved to at least be able to change and get into something less rumpled. She closed the door behind her, smiling her thanks to the man who had shown her in. Once alone, she hurried over to her cases and opened them up, but all of them were empty. She opened the various doors and found one that led to a beautiful marble bathroom, and another that was filled with her clothes, all freshly pressed and hanging in the closet. She chose another suit, this one a simple navy blue one and another silk shirt and headed into the bathroom. Once she was showered and her hair blow dried, she felt enormously better. A touch of makeup, her suit in place and buttoned up, and she could almost forget that she'd made love to Rashid last night.

Except that her body was still tingling from the experience and her mind kept jumping back to those moments when she had begged him, needed him so desperately that she hadn't cared what she said or did as long as he would continue touching her. Yes, that was embarrassing. But enormously satisfying.

She was turning to head out of the room when everything swayed, spinning around her and she stopped, sank into the bed and just sat there until everything was better. Food! She really needed food! She was so hungry she was faint with hunger. It wasn't good to skip so many meals. She couldn't even count how many meals she'd missed since she had no idea what day it was or even the time, much less which time zone she was in.

She stepped out of the room and that same guard was still standing outside the door. "Would you mind telling me where I might find some breakfast?" she asked, not sure if she should actually go outside the palace to get something to eat or if food would be provided. She might be here with Rashid, but she was fully aware of her status as an employee and nothing else.

Okay, so she had slept with the guy last night. More than slept with him, she cringed. Maybe she had a slightly altered status, but she didn't like what that made her, so she resumed her acceptance of her role as employee or vendor, whichever was more appropriate.

At this point, with her stomach growling loudly, she didn't even care about palace protocol or what her status was currently. If Rashid or this burly guard wouldn't tell her where to find some place to eat, she'd just walk down the street and grab something out of the first place she saw. She was too hungry to be picky.

How far was it to get out of the palace? She had a vague recollection of very long hallways and several check points. Last night, no one had stopped Rashid, but since he was the head honcho, he probably had carte blanche to move about the palace wherever he desired. She definitely wouldn't have that kind of access so it might be a long time before she found food. That wasn't good, she thought as her stomach rumbled a protest. asldfjasljkf

The man nodded at her request and turned slightly. He said something into his watch and Sidra felt odd, wondering what kind of spy novel she'd fallen into. Since he was speaking in Arabic, she had no idea what he said, but he turned back to her and stood looking down at her.

She raised an eyebrow, wondering if he'd understood her. "Okay," she replied awkwardly and looked around. The door to the suite was off to her left and she pointed to it. "I'm going to go out and find something to eat because I really can't wait much longer."

The man stepped in front of the door and shook his head.

"I'm not allowed to leave?" she asked, trying to understand his non-verbal messages. A body in front of the exit was definitely loud and clear but she wanted to understand the why.

The man shook his head just as a knock sounded on the door. He turned and opened the door, peering around before he nodded and allowed whoever was there to come in. He stood back and a large, linen covered tray was wheeled into the room by two uninformed servants.

There were about five different silver covered dishes but the most overwhelming scent was the coffee. She was about to say something, to ask that the coffee be removed but before she could utter a word, her entire world simply blacked out. Her last thought before she hit the floor was that the large man who hadn't let her leave sure could move quickly.

Sidra woke up, unsure of how long she'd been out but people were yelling around her, she was being carried by strong arms and she heard Rashid's voice somewhere. "Get the doctor" was all she could decipher as her head continued to spin.

"Please. I'm okay," she whispered but no one seemed to be paying attention to her.

The man who had arrived last night bustled into the room, looking concerned. Before she had a chance to do anything, her arm was pricked by the needle. Sidra looked down, saw the needle and her mind blanked out once again.

By the time she woke up this time, the room was empty except for Rashid who was sitting beside her looking worried.

"What's wrong?" she asked as she blinked in the bright sunlight.

"You fainted. Again." Rashid took her hand in his and held it tightly. "The coffee the first time. Needle the second time."

Her stomach churned at the thought of a needle poking her and she put her free hand to her forehead. "Needle?" she asked weakly.

"Yes. The doctor tried to get a blood sample last night, but you were too tired and weak from the plane trip. And then this morning when you fainted, he ordered a blood test immediately. When you saw the needle in your arm..."

"Stop!" she gasped and rolled over onto her side. "I really hate needles," she said weakly.

"So I guess we're going through natural childbirth instead of an epidural?" he suggested with amusement lacing his voice.

Sidra rolled onto her back once again and stared up at him. "What do you mean? I'm not having a baby and there's no need for an epidural!" She shuddered at the idea of the enormously large needle that was used to administer an epidural directly into the spine.

Rashid's mouth lifted on one side as he shook his head. "I'm afraid that you are pregnant. About three weeks ago, which technically makes you five weeks pregnant."

Sidra gasped and shook her head. "No!"

"Yes."

She pushed herself up so she was sitting on the bed versus lying down, unable to think clearly with him looming over her like that. She shoved her hand through her hair and shook her head once again, but the idea still wouldn't make any sense. "How is that possible?"

He raised an eyebrow at her question but didn't laugh. At least not outright. "We had sex three weeks ago. It was very nice, if I remember correctly."

"Yes, but we used protection!"

"Obviously it didn't work quite as well as it should have." Rashid knew he should be upset about the idea of having a baby but in truth, he was thrilled. He wanted this woman, and after the kiss on the plane and her words while sleeping, he knew that she felt exactly the same. They had a great deal to work out between the two of them, but he knew that he'd somehow get through to her.

Sidra's mind went back to the moment she'd sheathed him with the condom, and how much she'd enjoyed the experience. When she looked at his eyes, she knew that he was remembering that moment as well. His eyes darkened slightly and she saw the sensuous change in his body. "That's why you said..." she swallowed as the memories of the night before returned, "last night...we didn't need protection...because you knew I was already pregnant."

His hand moved casually up her thigh as he nodded his head, confirming her fears. "I was fairly sure about it when the doctor started questioning you about your period last night and you said you hadn't had anything since we were together." Sidra blushed and looked down, ignoring his soft laughter. "Sidra, you're going to have to get used to being more honest with me. We're having a baby together and as miraculous as that is, I need to know what's going on. And it might not be the most flattering information that you need to tell me."

She couldn't even think about that right now. She was still trying to recover from the idea that she was pregnant. And then it hit her. "This baby is your heir?" She waited that painful, horrible moment until he confirmed that he didn't have any other children. When he nodded slowly, she let the breath out that she'd been holding. "Then you're not married."

"I will be."

At those words, Sidra wasn't sure if the most prevalent emotion she was feeling was furious jealousy or painful sadness. Neither really mattered since her stomach rebelled against both emotions storming through her system.

"Who is she?" Sidra asked as she leaned her head against the back board of the bed.

Rashid laughed and shook his head. "Sidra, you and I have to get married."

She opened her eyes and glared at him. "I will not be a second wife!"

Rashid's amusement couldn't be contained this time. He threw back his head and laughed, his hands just barely able to keep her still while he struggled to overcome his amusement so he could talk to her. She was trying to push his hands away and get off the bed, furious with him for laughing at her and for making her jealous. She hated both parts and wanted nothing to do with this horrible man!

"Let me go," she growled, fighting him with everything she had in her. But he was too strong and countered all of her moves, pinning her down to the bed.

When he finally had her subdued and had controlled his laughter, he looked down at her and said, "You will be my only wife, Sidra. I apologize if I made you think otherwise. I thought it was obvious that you and I would be getting married but I can see how my words might have confused you."

She relaxed somewhat, but her glare was still in place. "We can't get married," she countered.

He wasn't even upset by her words, knowing that she was protesting out of habit now. She'd shown him too much for him to actually believe her protests. "We must," he said firmly so she had no doubt about his intentions. "But tell me why you think it's not a good idea."

She sighed and tried to control the increasing desire that was pooling in her stomach, and spreading outward as he held her hands over her head and his eyes roved over her features, moving downwards and she knew that he was feeling the same thing. She struggled to maintain focus, to remember what they were discussing. "We don't know each other. We've spent about eight hours in each other's company while in England. We don't know what the other likes or dislikes and its bound to be a problem later on."

He shook his head. "We will be married in two days in a private ceremony. The announcement has already been made to the press, your boss has been informed," he ignored her gasp of outrage at that comment and continued on, "and we'll just have to learn about each other after the wedding."

She couldn't believe his gall! The horror that her career was over now that Debra knew she was pregnant. This couldn't be happening. Surely there might have been a way for her to continue with her career even while she was pregnant. "Why did you tell my boss? I could have..." she struggled once again to think clearly. "Many women continue working right up until their due date. You didn't have to do this to me! Debra was very clear that this project had to go smoothly or she'd make sure I wouldn't be able to work in the industry again. At least not for a reputable design firm!"

She wasn't fully understanding the reality of her new life. He wanted to be kind, to let her go on thinking that she might have a career, but that wouldn't be fair since she couldn't work outside the palace. Not as his wife. "You would not have been allowed, Sidra."

She couldn't believe what he was saying. "You mean I can't have a career simply because I'm pregnant with your child?"

"You may still redecorate the palace in any fashion you'd like. But no, you cannot have a career."

She looked up at him, her fury increasing as the full impact of what he was saying came through.

She was just about to berate him for the hypocrisy of the whole situation when a disturbance outside of the room caused both of them to turn their heads. Rashid listened for a moment, then turned to Sidra with a grimace before standing up. "Brace yourself," he said a moment before his bedroom door opened up. Two beautiful women pushed their way into the bedroom and Sidra sat up, pushed herself back so she was sitting up more and was instantly overwhelmed by the chaos that surrounded the bed.

"What are you doing here?" Rashid asked of the two women, both of whom were looking at Sidra as if she were some sort of unearthly being. How two women could make things so crazy, he'd never understand. Both were arguing, bickering at each other and he was just glad that Sidra didn't speak Arabic yet. She'd be blushing furiously because they were talking about how this woman had spent the night in his private quarters so obviously she was 'the one'. No other woman had ever been allowed into this area so the implication was clear to anyone within the palace walls. And probably outside by now since servants tended to talk about something as significant as Sidra staying in his rooms.

The tallest one, who still only reached Rashid's chin, smiled brightly up at him. "We came to finally meet the woman you've been moping about for the past month, of course."

Rashid's arms crossed over his chest and he glared at her. "I don't mope, Isla. What are you doing here really?"

The lovely woman with dark hair and dark eyes, apparently named Isla, smiled mischievously and Sidra wondered about their relationship. It seemed good, but how could she dare to tease this man who was obviously very angry? She was in her early to mid twenties, Sidra guessed, and apparently had no fear of Rashid, looking as if she intended to tease him even without his morning coffee.

Wasn't he?

Sidra had to acknowledge that she didn't know him well enough to state whether he was truly angry, or simply annoyed. Both expressions looked similar to her uneducated mind.

The second woman laughed and shook her head. She was younger by several years and looked similar to the older one, but much softer with light brown eyes and a glow to her that made Sidra feel pale in comparison. "Rashid, be nice. You're scaring your lady. Let us take her away and give her some advice on how to handle you. We'll return her with good information and she won't look like we're all crazy."

Rashid took a warning step towards the second woman but she didn't back down even an inch. "Zarah," he growled toward her but her only response was to smile wider, then turn to Sidra. "Ignore him. He's just a beast until he has his morning coffee. And since he hasn't had that yet, he's just being a grouch. Once he's had his brew, you'll be able to manage him like a puppy dog."

Sidra looked from the woman, to Rashid and then back again. Rashid looked disgusted and shook his head. "Zarah, get out of my private quarters. Sidra hasn't eaten yet and she's not going anywhere until she and I talk. A conversation I was just having with her before both of you decided to barge in unannounced. And uninvited," he warned.

Isla shoed his comments aside. "Why hasn't she eaten? You know she's supposed to eat small meals all day long in order to keep that nausea away." She looked alarmed and walked to the side of the bed where Sidra was perched. "Come with me. I'll make sure that you have something good to eat. You also need vitamins. I'm sure Doctor Hamid has those ready for you to take as well. Don't worry. He's a wonderful doctor and you'll have the very best of care," she was saying as she took Sidra's hand and pulled her out the door.

Sidra had no choice but to follow and Rashid was busy talking with the big man that had kept her from leaving the suite earlier. As she was pulled out of the bedroom and into the living area, she noticed that the breakfast food had been cleared out of the way and her stomach rebelled.

She was starting to feel weak and angry and knew it was all due to her lack of food. These women were very nice, but Sidra had been trying to get some food for what seemed like hours and nothing was forthcoming. "Excuse me, but is there any way I could just have some breakfast?"

Zarah laughed and pulled her along after her. "Of course you can! We're taking you to the family dining room. The chef can make you anything your heart desires. He's fabulous!"

The three of them walked out of the room, Zarah and Isla eagerly asking Sidra questions to which she couldn't answer because as soon as one was answered, the next was posed to her. Both women introduced themselves as Rashid's sisters but she was confused about all the rules Debra had given her before Sidra had boarded the plan, terrified of what she and Rashid had been discussing only moments before this crowd had barged in and all she wanted to do was hide away in a hole and find a place to cry. And eat. She definitely needed to eat large amounts of food!

Despite the confusion, introductions and long, mind-boggling hallways, two things were uppermost in her mind. She was pregnant and she was getting married. Or more specifically, Rashid had told her she was getting married. The pregnant part made sense now that she put all the pieces together. The lack of a period should have been her first clue, but since she'd been so distraught over Rashid's abandonment, she hadn't really thought through the consequences of her lack of a menstrual period.

The two beautiful women led her down one more long hallway and finally into a formal dining room. There was a table with approximately twenty chairs on both sides and a side table filled with various breakfast foods. Sidra was encouraged to go first since she was so hungry and pregnant. But when she simply stood there staring at the various foods, the young and enthusiastic Zarah took control and started heaping foods onto the plate, explaining all the various foods, most of which were Rashid's favorites.

She also explained the various ways to irritate their older brother by spicing up one dish or the other with pepper or jalapenos. He liked spicy foods, she explained, but only on some things. Other things, he liked the traditional way, and on and on. This woman obviously loved Rashid and, from the things she was saying, Sidra naturally assumed that Zarah was one of Rashid's sister that he'd mentioned. Isla was probably a sister as well since she piped up and offered other suggestions on ways to irritate the man who ruled their country.

"But seriously, we're all very excited to have you join our family. When we first realized that Rashid was smitten with someone he'd just met, we were all eager to find out more about you. That's never happened before. Rashid has always been very casual about relationships before and never, ever brought any of them back to the palace."

Sidra stared down at the plate that was now heavy with all of the food Zarah had insisted she try. "How did you know Rashid was smitten? And why do you assume that this person is me?" she finally asked, filling up on eggs and fruit, her eyes wide as she took in all the information.

Isla laughed. "Because he came back from England in an all fired up hurry to quell some stupid temper tantrum from Johan, a tribal leader up in the north who was just trying to get some concessions from Rashid for an oil license," she explained. "Rashid refused to give it to him and Johan won't be poking the bear any time soon," she winked at Sidra and Zarah laughed, even the body guards at the door smiled in amusement. Apparently all of them knew what had happened to Johan but Sidra was still in the dark.

"Anyway, he tore back through the palace after putting down that skirmish and headed right back to England, ignoring all the other state business. And when he came back several days later in the grouchiest mood we've ever witnessed, tearing at his guards to try and find someone, we started to put things together and figured that Rashid had finally met a woman who was important to him. That's how we knew that the woman he'd fallen for had come from there. But he couldn't find you."

Zarah leaned forward. "He had everyone looking for you! It was pretty tense for a while."

Isla shooed her sister away again. "She's right. He was livid when you'd disappeared." She was beaming at the memory of her older brother being so upset. True siblings, she thought, thinking of Ryan and how he loved to irritate her over small things just to get a reaction out of her.

Zarah nodded her head in agreement. "So when he disappeared again, and we heard that you were staying in his private quarters, we put two and two together and figured out that you were the one he'd been looking for."

"But..." Sidra wasn't sure she wanted to know how they were aware of her pregnancy. Especially since she only found out about it a few moments before they walked in.

"How did we know that you were pregnant?" Zarah asked, almost as if she were reading Sidra's mind.

Sidra blushed and bit her lip. "That's the question that's most prevalent on my mind, yes."

Isla perked up, her dark eyes sparkling with excitement and intelligence. "Because we spoke to Doctor Hamid this morning. He was carrying a vial of blood and hurrying on. He didn't look nervous, was even excited. So we figured it out from that reaction."

Sidra sighed and put her fork down. "I guess there isn't much that can be a secret around here, is there?"

Isla laughed and shook her head. "Not really. But you'll get used to it. And it has both pros and cons to that invasiveness."

Sidra laughed and looked up at the women's smiling faces. "What are some pros to everyone knowing things before I do?"

Zarah and Isla both looked stunned. "You mean you didn't know that you were pregnant?"

"Not until Rashid told me right before everyone came in."

"You mean..." Isla and Zarah both turned to look at each other, then grinned delightedly. "Oh, this is wonderful news! I can't wait to tell everyone else!"

A dark shadow drifted into the dining room and three sets of eyes turned towards the doorway. "You'll tell no one, Isla. Or I'll marry you off to Hussan El Hamin" Rashid said as he walked purposefully into the room. He ignored the horrified look on Isla's face and the anger that entered her lovely eyes.

He looked around the table until he spotted Sidra, then his shoulders seemed to relax slightly. It was almost as if he were trying to find her once again and it made Sidra feel a small bit better about the morning. Except for the fainting part, that is.

"Everyone out," he commanded and Sidra was stunned when both women simply put down their forks and started walking out, regardless of whether they were finished with their meals or not. Sidra quickly followed suit and laid her fork down, hurriedly wiping her mouth with her linen napkin before she followed Zarah.

"Not you," he snapped and grabbed her arm as she passed by him. "You and I are going to talk and we're not going to be disturbed this time," he commanded. He was speaking to Sidra, but he was watching the others. The two body guards who were standing by the door heard the order and turned to follow the women out the door, closing it behind them. Sidra assumed they would stand sentry outside the dining room doorway until Rashid was finished.

Sidra stood in the middle of the room, looking down at the floor nervously. She wanted to ask him about all the things his sisters had told her, but wasn't confident enough to question him. She didn't know him well enough to gauge his mood either. His sisters had mentioned something about him needing coffee and, of all the questions that came to mind, that was the one at the top of her list. Instead she said, "I'm not missing the irony here that I'm terrified of asking you anything and yet we're apparently going to be married and having a baby together." Her hands were clasped in front of her and she looked at him, then down at the floor, unable to hold his gaze after all that had transpired over the past several hours.

Rashid smiled, impressed with her courage under the circumstances. "It does seem to be a controversy we should overcome." He walked closer to her, eliminating the distance between them at least physically. He stopped when he was less than an inch from her, looking down onto the top of her head. "What do you want to ask me?"

She thought of all the questions that raced through her mind. Could he ever come to love her? Did he plan on marrying her and going off with another woman when the mood struck him? Was there any scenario where he might be faithful to her? "Why did you leave that day?" was what actually came out, her courage deserting her at the last moment. "Your sisters mentioned something about a tribal leader named Johan and some trouble up north."

Rashid nodded and took her hand, pulling her back to the dining room table and sitting down with her. "There was an emergency and I couldn't be out of the country during those kinds of issues. I have lots of perks, such as being able to order my sisters and miscellaneous family members out of the dining room or other situations, but there's a down side to being a ruler as well. Resolving that problem took precedence and I'm sorry I couldn't speak to you personally before I had to leave. I know it left you confused and hurt."

Sidra couldn't help but laugh at the idea that ordering sisters about was one of the perks. "You weren't able to order them out of your bedroom very effectively. What's the difference with the dining room and your private quarters?"

Rashid also chuckled softly and shook his head. "Zarah and Isla have a mind of their own sometimes but they know when to listen, which has served them well over the years." He reached out to touch her hand, trying to get her to look at him but he could tell she was still too embarrassed. "Apparently in my bedroom, they had no qualms about ignoring me. Maybe it was the threat of marrying her off that got one to lead the other off."

"We passed by a room filled with other children. I initially thought all those kids were theirs."

Rashid quickly shook his head to negate that idea. "Good grief, no!" he chuckled. "You met both of them. I don't know of a man who could handle either of them right now. He would have to be insane to even try. Or at least that's what I assume on some occasions," he said as he rolled his eyes with memories of his sisters' antics over the years.

"Your sisters love you very much. They gave me a great deal of advice. Most of which I don't think is very valuable," she said with a grimace.

He smiled, wondering which of their tricks they'd relayed to his new fiancee. "What did they tell you?" He shuddered to think what Sidra might learn from those two hoydens. He knew he was going to have to do something about Isla soon. She was getting too old and needed to find an outlet for her ambitions. He suspected she was becoming smothered by palace life here.

Sidra bit her lip and looked up at his blue eyes, wondering if she dared to tell him the most interesting fact she'd heard from his sisters. When he only stood there in front of her, waiting patiently, she took a deep breath and said, "One of them told me that you were grouchy after coming back from England."

Rashid nodded, not denying that he'd been a changed man after that trip. "I was. I couldn't find you. No one knew who you were or where I could find you. I was furious that you hadn't left any forwarding information."

She shook her head at his last statement. "I did leave my contact information with Laura. She just went on assignment unexpectedly after I left. I didn't know that until last week when I spoke to her on the phone but she didn't mention that anyone had asked about me."

"Why did you contact her last week?" he asked gently.

She looked down at her hands and bit her lip nervously. He'd almost admitted that he had been looking for her. It wasn't clear, but his sisters seemed to be fairly sure that Rashid had some feelings towards her so she was going to take the risk and throw it all out there. "I was hurt that you hadn't called me so I finally broke down and contacted her and asked if you'd even called to find out where I was or how to find me."

He seemed relieved that she'd admitted that. "I had my security men stationed outside of her flat for about two weeks. They must have just missed her. I might fire them for that," he grumbled.

"For what?"

"For giving up. If they'd stayed a couple more days waiting, we might have been able to be together this past week."

Sidra's whole body warmed at the thought that he might have wanted to be with her earlier than now. "So why did you hire my firm to re-decorate your palace?"

He took her hand and pulled her closer, eliminating the last few inches that separated them. "Why do you think?"

She looked up at him hopefully. "So you could get in touch with me?"

"Of course. And to get you over here on my own turf and make sure that you stayed put. I didn't want you running off while I was trying to convince you to stay here with me."

Her whole body was starting to tingle with excitement. "And why would you want me to stay here with you?"

He took her hand and turned it so that her palm was up while his finger trailed tantalizing circles over the surface. The movement caused shivers to run up her arm and down her spine. "Because you're an incredibly beautiful woman. And what we started in England by that creek seemed pretty special. I didn't want to lose it."

She felt that silly grin form on her face. The one she'd been wearing that whole week after she'd arrived back from England. "I thought it was pretty special too. But when I didn't hear from you, I thought I had just been...." She didn't want to put a name to what she'd thought, so she left the sentence dangling.

"You thought I'd left to avoid saying goodbye."

Sidra nodded sadly.

"And you thought that I'd only used you for a quick conquest," he suggested, watching her carefully to try and discern the truth.

Again, she nodded and looked back up at him.

He took her hands and held them firmly in his. "I couldn't get away but I tried to find you."

She smiled broadly. "Your sisters said you were pretty angry over the past three weeks."

"I've been furious. I thought you'd gone ahead and left, just using me as your first lover and moved on to other men. When I saw you at the hotel after finally tracking you down, you were with another man and I just about lost it right then and there. And then when you wouldn't come back to my suite to discuss the issue with me, that only seemed to confirm the issue."

She pulled her hand out of his and placed it in the center of his chest, the space quickly becoming her favorite spot because she could feel his muscles, the heat of his body and the incredible heartbeat that told her so much about what he was feeling. "I didn't leave with Tom."

"Are you in love with him?"

Sidra shook her head to reassure him. "No. Definitely not in love with him. In fact, that night was the first time I'd even met him. I was on a blind date because my friends were becoming worried."

"Why were they worried?"

She smiled shyly and looked down, her fingers moving slowly across his chest, feeling him move as she touched different spots that either tickled or felt good. "Because I'd started avoiding everyone, becoming a recluse." She moved slightly closer and looked up at his eyes, trying to determine if he might be receptive to what she was about to say. When she noticed the same hidden hope in his eyes that she was feeling, she decided to go ahead and take the plunge. "You see, I'd met this guy and fell in love with him, as crazy as that sounds. He rode this enormous horse..." she tried to finish but Rashid had already pulled her into his arms and covered her mouth with his, kissing her like there was no tomorrow.

She was pressed tightly against him, her mind more than just a little relieved that she was back in his arms. She gave as good as she got, kissing him back, pouring her whole heart into the kiss to show him how she felt since he wouldn't let her say it.

"I've missed you so much!" he growled and swung her back up into his arms.

Sidra laughed as she wound her arms around his neck, happy to be anywhere he was at this point. "Are you going to carry me everywhere?"

He shouldered his way out of the dining room and walked briskly down the hallway, uncaring of the two burly men following behind them. "I just might do that if it helps me to keep track of you. I don't ever want to feel that way again!"

He pushed into his private suite and Sidra was relieved when the two men stopped at the doors there, not following them into the suite. "Do those guards follow you everywhere?"

Rashid tensed as he let her feet drop to the floor. "Sidra, that's one of the down sides to being married to me. You'll have to be protected at all times."

Her eyes widened slightly, but she placed her hand on his chest. "Will you be protected as well?"

"Always. Privacy as you knew it will never exist again."

She considered that for a moment before she accepted the news with a nod. "Will our children be safe?" she asked.

Rashid smiled down at her, pulling her closer as his arms wrapped around her waist. "I'm glad you know that there will be more than this child."

She stood up on her toes, pressing herself against him, feeling his approval of her move against her stomach. "Of course there will be others. But how about if we plan the next one a bit more logically?"

Rashid laughed, but nodded his head. "Sounds like a good plan." And then he kissed her. "I love you," he said. "I know it's crazy to be in love with someone I've known for hours, but I fell in love with you when you turned around and had the map upside down."

Sidra grimaced and shook her head. "I love you too. I don't know exactly when it happened, and I tried to pretend that it wasn't the truth when you didn't call me, but I do love you. So if you're crazy, we'll just have to figure out how to go insane together."

He unbuttoned the jacket of her suit and shoved it off of her shoulders onto the floor. "I know of several good ways to go insane."

Sidra smiled shyly, but didn't turn away. "Bring it on," she whispered.

The Beginning....

Nine year old Rashid looked at the pink and pudgy thing in his mother's arms, disgusted and irritated. He didn't want to be here. He wanted to get back to his studies. His instructor was just telling him how to calculate an angle which was much more fascinating than whatever this...thing...was. "It's a girl," he said with nine year old disdain and stepped back from the bed where his mother was laying with the 'thing' in her arms. He didn't know why she wanted anyone else in the family. The three of them were just fine!

Lila, Rashid's mother laughed softly and nodded her head. "You're very smart," he teased. "She's a girl and she's very interested in meeting you." Lila looked down at her already handsome son with pride, understanding that he felt as if this new baby might usurp his place in her heart. She had to be gentle so that he knew that she loved him just as much as before the birth of their new baby.

Rashid glanced down once again, noting that the eyes in the round, pink face were closed. He discarded the notion that the baby was even remotely interested in meeting him. "I believe it's more concerned with sleep mother," he said carefully, not wanting to hurt her feelings, but still not interested in his new baby sister. "Besides, I wanted a brother. Not a sister."

Lila glanced up at the man standing at the end of the hospital bed with amusement. Majid El Hasham Busain, current Sheik of Tasain and one of the most handsome men she'd ever met in her life, looked down at his first born son with pride and amusement as well. When Lila looked back at her son, still standing stiffly beside the bed and pretending to not be interested in the baby girl, she chuckled. "Why would I want another boy? I have a perfect son with you," she replied and leaned over to kiss his dark hair.

Rashid sighed, leaning in to the kiss and stepping closer to his mother. "What are you going to call it?" he asked, trying to get into the spirit of the occasion. Since they were alone in the room, he accepted her affection but he didn't like it when others might see him. They might think he was weak if they knew how much he liked his mother's hugs and kisses and that couldn't be allowed. His father had told him over and over again how a ruler must never show weakness. And the people of Tasain loved his father, almost as much as he did, so the invincible man must be doing something correctly.

His father smiled down at his slightly larger family, beaming with delight. "Her name is Isla and she's going to love you just as much as we do, son."

Rashid felt better when his tall, strong father walked to the side of the bed next to him. "Will it cry?" Rashid asked carefully, slipping his hand into his father's larger one, feeling better when his warm, strong hand wrapped around his smaller one.

His mother laughed softly. "Your sister isn't an 'it', dear. And yes, Isla doesn't know how to talk yet so the only way she can tell us she's hungry or uncomfortable is by crying."

Rashid leaned against his father's strong leg. "I still don't understand why you wanted a baby," he grumbled.

He didn't see the look cross between his mother and father because he was watching as the pink bundle moved, her lips pouting together and one hand reaching out as if to touch him. Her eyes were still closed so he wasn't sure what she was doing, but he reluctantly agreed that pink wasn't such a bad color, as long as it was on a girl.

Nine years later....

"Come on!" Rashid called out, pulling eight year old Isla along behind him. "You've got to see this!" he said.

Isla ran as fast as her little legs could carry her, but her older brother was much taller. She hoped she could be as tall as he was when she got to be seventeen but she knew she had a long way to go before she could match her beloved brother.

Well, she loved him today. That wasn't always the case. Sometimes she just wanted to punch him but knew she shouldn't. She did on occasion though. And only when he wasn't expecting it because Rashid was fast and strong. The last time she'd done something to him, he'd caught her and tickled her until she was crying, which she didn't like. But most of the time, he was pretty nice. Especially when he helped her with her homework. He had a lot of patience with her then.

"Just trust me," he said, his deep voice and broad shoulders already more than matching his father's. In fact, they were the spitting image, except that Rashid was now slightly taller. The brother was extremely protective of his baby sister, especially since she'd transformed from a pink pudgy ball into a little girl he could play tricks on and he could talk to, when he wasn't talking with his father about everything from politics to economics.

"Is it mother?" Isla asked, concerned because she'd gotten so big lately. "Has the baby come yet?"

"You'll have to wait and see," he said, only slightly disappointed that she'd guessed so accurately. Most of the time, he enjoyed his sister's intelligence. He was glad she wasn't one of those irritating girls who only thought about shoes and clothes. Isla was smart and picked up on her lessons quickly. Otherwise, he would stay away from her as much as possible. He really disliked women who were brainless and there were enough of them in the world! Well, there were stupid men too, but he was thinking about the soft, sexy women and the way he liked to kiss them.

A horrible thought occurred to him and he stopped in the middle of the hallway. Isla stopped as well and looked up at him and he was startled to realize that his little sister was going to be a great beauty. Would some other man do to her the things he thought about doing to other women?

The idea of his sweet little sister in the arms of another man suddenly enraged him.

"What's wrong, Rashid?" Isla asked, suddenly worried about the furious expression on his face. He'd been so excited a moment ago, what had changed?

Rashid started to say something, his hand tightening on his arm as he looked down at her innocent expression. "Don't ever..." he started off, but stopped himself. He knew that his sister would eventually marry, but he gritted his teeth with determination. She wouldn't marry some jerk! Or someone like him, who....well, just not someone who would think of doing things to her that he thought of doing to other women. Things like kissing and touching their breasts, of moving inside....

No! She would be protected from that! She was sweet and innocent. She shouldn't even think about having sex, much less doing it. His mind always seemed to be thinking about sex and women and how lovely they were and how soft and pretty.

Dammit! He had a responsibility towards his little sister, and now there were two of them! What was a man to do?

Father would know, he thought to himself. Rashid knew he'd have a talk with his father as soon as possible. He had to protect his sisters now!

"Rashid?" Isla prompted when she saw his jaw clench. She put her hand on his shoulder, trying to comfort him as best she could. "Are you ill? Should I call a doctor?" Her mind frantically went through the possibilities but he didn't have any of the symptoms she'd read about in the medical books she'd snuck out of the palace library. She read them in secret, thinking they were the most fascinating things to read. But none of them helped her right at the moment. She couldn't discern any problems with Rashid and that scared her.

Just as suddenly as his ager came, Isla saw his face clear up and he smiled down at her. "It's nothing. I just thought of something I need to discuss with dad." He squeezed her hand to reassure her. "I promise, it's nothing I can't take care of."

Isla smiled and breathed a sigh of relief. He was right. Rashid could do anything and if he had trouble, father was always there to advise him. She sometimes became irritated with their discussions because they were always filled with boring talk of politics and money or buildings. That was so boring! But they liked it, so she tried very hard to keep quiet when they were intently arguing their side during a conversation.

Rashid pulled her along again and they were walking as quickly as possible towards the area where the palace hospital was located. The closer they got, the more concerned she became.

At the hospital room door, he looked down at her with an eager expression, then shoved open the door to allow her entrance.

Isla looked inside the room and saw her mother and father. "Mother, why are you in here?" she asked, more than a little worried because everything looked strange here. The bed wasn't comfortable like the one at the palace, and the people all were wearing strange clothes, very plain and dull.

She peered over the high bed, ignoring her mother and father's huge grins. Something was wiggling and she wanted to see. "What's that?" she asked as she noticed the baby. "It looks like a baby. Is that what was in your tummy?" she asked curiously.

Lila laughed and nodded her head. Patting the side of the bed, she encouraged her daughter to get a better look. Rashid came over and lifted his little sister up high. "Isn't she pretty?" her mother asked, her long, tapered finger running down the chubby cheek of the newborn.

Isla looked down, wondering what it was her mother and father saw in the baby. "She looks squished," she replied.

Lila looked at her husband and they both laughed.

"She'll get pretty, just like you," Majid said and took his daughter out of his son's arms. "Go ahead and hold her, Rashid. You never held Isla when she was a baby so this is your chance."

Majid came over and lifted Isla out of Rashid's arms, not giving him an excuse to avoid holding his newest baby sister.

Isla giggled as her father nuzzled her neck, but she watched with rapt attention as her fabulous brother gently lifted the baby out of their mother's arms. His face slowly changed from wariness to fascination as the tiny bundle opened her eyes and looked up at him.

Rashid looked down at the tiny infant, amazed that such a small human could actually survive. "She's so small!" he gasped.

Majid tickled his daughter. "Your brother was that size once," he said and laughed again at her disbelieving expression. "I have pictures," he said.

Isla looked from her giant father, to her huge brother and shook her head, crinkling up her nose. "Na ah," she argued. "Rashid was never a baby."

Rashid just rolled his eyes and handed the infant back to his mother. "I've received word back," he said, his tone ominous and he looked carefully at his little sister. "I've decided to accept Harvard's offer. I think they're the best school for business, which is what I think I should study for Tasain's future."

Isla didn't understand what he was talking about. "What's Harvard? And what did they offer you?"

Rashid's father pumped up with pride. "I know you'll do very well there, son."

Isla didn't like where this was going. Something was happening and she was instantly nervous. Her little arm went around her father's neck, holding him tighter because her father always protected her from bad things, even scaring away the monsters in her closet when she suspected they'd snuck back into the palace. "What's he going to do?"

Lila shifted her newborn daughter in her arms. "He's going to school, dear."

"But he goes to school here. We're in the same class."

Majid shook his head. "Next year, your big brother will be going away to school."

She didn't like that at all. "Will I be going too?"

Rashid shook his head. "You'll have to stay here and take care of our baby sister. Just like I took care of you, Isla. Zarah is going to need you to show her how to do things."

Isla felt very important all of a sudden and looked at the baby in her mother's arms. "Will she listen better than I do?"

Rashid laughed, as did her mother and father. "I certainly hope so."

Eight Years Later....

"Rashid!" Isla yelled out, immediately dropping her pencil to race across the school room, throwing herself into her brother's arms. "You're home!" she cried out, excited to see her older brother once again. "I can't believe you're finally home!"

Rashid grabbed his sister in a giant bear hug. "I've missed you too, brat," he said with deep emotion. He'd missed home and his sisters, his parents and all the wonderful scents that were co-mingled with his life here in Tasain. He loved this country and his family had always been the center of his life. He was sincerely glad to be back for good this time.

"My turn!" Zarah called out, stomping her foot impatiently when her older sister wouldn't let go of their brother. "Just because you turned fifteen doesn't mean you get to hog him all to yourself," she said, glaring at her sister's back.

Isla pulled back from her brother and grimaced up at him. "She's been a beast these past few weeks waiting for you."

Rashid looked down over his sister's head and spied the little grouch behind her. "So you've been misbehaving, have you?"

Zarah's face went from angry to horrified in seconds. "I have not!" she gasped. The tears formed in her pretty eyes and Rashid couldn't take the possibility of hurting her feelings. "I was just teasing, little one. Come here," he said and bent down with his arms wide open. When her little body hurtled into his arms, he pretended to fall backwards with the impact as she giggled her delight. He wrapped an arm around her back, protecting her as they tumbled to the marble floor and he laughed along with her.

As he looked up, he saw a tall figure glaring down at him and his grin widened. "Hello dad," he said, not bothering to get up off the floor since the seven year old Zarah seemed to be in no mood to release him. "I can't move with Zarah on top of me, sir," he explained.

Majid looked at his oldest, sprawled on the floor with his daughter's legs straddling his chest. "She does look like quite the victor," he replied.

Zarah jumped up, grinning from ear to ear and reached her hand out to assist her huge, older brother to his feet. "So I won this round?" she asked excitedly. She'd sparred with her sister on several occasions but never with her brother, although she'd watched him on many occasions during his breaks while sparring with his trainers. Rashid was magnificent as he fought all of them, sometimes more than one at a time. He was slowly learning to best all of them and she cheered him on whenever she was allowed to watch. She'd never beat her sister yet, but there was still time. She had high hopes that she could eventually be skilled enough to best both of them. She might be small, but she knew she was faster than both of them. And she was meaner, she thought to herself.

Isla rolled her eyes and shook her head. "He let you win, silly."

Rashid winked down at the deflated little girl. "Not true. She won fair and square."

"Your mother is waiting impatiently for your return," his father explained with a look that told Rashid that he needed to make haste to his mother's office or face dire consequences."

Rashid laughed as he bowed to his father. "I'm positive that she'll have some sort of horrible punishment if I don't greet her immediately." He turned to his sisters. "Will you both come with me?"

The four of them walked down the hallway towards the greenhouse. Sure enough, as soon as Rashid walked through the door, his mother rushed into his arms, but with a great deal more decorum than her daughters. "You're home! Oh, goodness, it's wonderful to see you again!"

"Hello, mother," Rashid said formally, bowing once she'd stepped back.

Lila looked at her oldest child, surveying his appearance to check for any signs of stress or problems. "How have you been? Have you been eating well? Not staying out too late with your rowdy friends from school, I hope?"

Rashid laughed softly and kissed her beautiful, still wrinkle free cheek. "I've been well. Have these two rug rats been driving you crazy?" he asked, referring to Isla and Zarah who were standing just behind him.

Lila laughed and shook her head. She opened her arms and both girls came to her side. "Just for the past few weeks waiting for you to finish your final exams and turn in all your papers." She hesitated for a moment. "I'm sorry we couldn't be there for your graduation this time," she said softly, her eyes filling with tears.

Rashid shook his head. "I understand, mom. I knew you were there in spirit," he assured her. He looked down at his sisters. "Besides, these two sent me enough letters so that I got homesick!" he ruffled Zarah's hair and chucked Isla underneath her chin. Knowing how to get even with them, he teased, "Have you chosen their husbands yet, dad?"

Majid sighed and slumped into a chair. "As if I could!" he stated, exasperation in every syllable.

"Don't you dare!" Lila admonished, shaking her finger at her husband. "They're way too young. Let them live a little before they have to deal with the insanity of a husband, or even the prospect of one!"

Majid opened his mouth to argue, but then shut it just as quickly when he saw his wife's stern gaze. He knew better than to bring up this subject with her. He'd tried on several occasions, explaining that they could form alliances early by simply betrothing the girls to their future husbands while letting them have their freedom now. It was done in every ruling family but she would have nothing to do with it. She'd been his betrothed since birth and it was just a stroke of incredible luck that they fell in love at first site. After meeting her when he was twenty-five, he'd never wanted another woman. She'd been only eighteen at the time, so he'd had to wait another two years before making her his bride, but he'd never regretted a moment of their time together. Now, twenty-six years later, he still loved her just as much as that first day.

"I'm never getting married," Zarah proclaimed and plopped herself down in one of the brocade covered chairs in her mother's office, crossing her arms over her chest with an emphatic nod. "Boys are gross."

"Hey!" her brother called out as he poured himself and his father a glass of bourbon.

"You're not a boy," Zarah giggled. "You're my brother!"

"Has Rashid's bride been chosen?" Isla asked, sitting more primly on the edge of another chair, looking curiously at her parents. She saw Rashid stiffen slightly, but then he relaxed and looked at his parents curiously.

Lila looked to Majid, trying to hide her concern. "Your father has been offered several potential brides but to date, he's resisted pinning anyone down." She said that with scorn because her handsome, wonderful husband's biggest fault was his sexist attitudes. He wanted to quickly select husbands for his daughters but wanted to let Rashid have a few more years of freedom.

Majid rolled his eyes. "Woman, you know the issue there! He's a man! He needs to..." he started to say but then stopped as he looked at his two daughters. "Well, never mind. We'll discuss this later."

Lila accepted the chilled glass of white wine Rashid brought to her, all the while, shaking her head. "We will not discuss this further, my love."

Majid looked at his son who was holding back his amusement over the bickering of his parents. "Don't laugh, son. Wait until you marry! I'll bet that you'll be manipulated just as easily by your bride as I am by mine."

Rashid bowed slightly, pretending to accept his father's guidance. But in his mind, he knew he'd never allow a female, especially his wife, to disobey his commands. He would have a biddable wife who was beautiful and intelligent, but who would trust him and his decisions.

Lila stood up and raised her hand. "Enough about your future spouses. I'm sure they will all be absolutely wonderful and I look forward to each and every one of you getting exactly the man or woman you deserve," she said and looked darkly at her son who was arrogantly leaning against the door frame. Her look was blatantly saying that she expected his wife to be just as biddable as he was, which was not at all. "It is time for dinner and I'm truly grateful to have all of you here again at last."

