Chapter 1

The air conditioner whirred quietly but it didn't ease the tension in the room or cool off Victoria Anderson's tense nerves. She was terrified and hoped the dragon woman sitting in front of her didn't see her anxiety.

The dragon lady continued, "You understand that this is a one year commitment, correct?" She was actually the head of human relations, Margie Peterman, but she seemed extremely protective of her boss's schedule and requirements. "Mr. Attracelli is very firm about the commitment, to the point of requiring a contract stating that you will remain on the team for one full year. Despite the numerous tests and interviews, we've had a run of bad luck with recent personnel leaving before the year is over. It puts his team in a difficult position and they aren't able to meet their tight deadlines."

Victoria's hands clenched together in nervousness. "I understand," she said in a voice she hoped sounded confident. A wisp of honey blond hair floated down the side of her face, having escaped the tight chignon she'd put it in this morning. She casually pushed it back off her face, not even aware of the action as Margie looked down through Victoria's resume and test scores again, looking for something else to question Victoria about.

The chair Victoria was sitting on should have been comfortable, but because she was so nervous, the Chippendale chair and highly polished conference table seemed too forbidding to allow any possible comfort. She perched herself on the edge of the chair with her back ramrod straight and her hands neatly folded on her lap, not able to relax even slightly.

Victoria surreptitiously wiped her hands on her black, wool suit skirt, hoping the interviewer didn't notice her slight hesitation. She wasn't afraid of the long hours, the travel or the demanding boss. She already had that without the excitement of visiting different cities and foreign countries which this job offered. There was nothing holding her in Washington, D.C. any longer now that Laci, her younger sister, would graduate from law school in a few months. This would be Victoria's last fling before settling down and marrying Barry Lawson, the man she had been dating for over a year now. Once she'd "sowed her wild oats" as she was now thinking of this job opportunity, she'd feel comfortable settling down and raising children with her husband and knowing that she wasn't missing out on anything.

"And you understand the demands of the job? The travel needs, the long hours?" Margie asked, her sharp, grey eyes watching Victoria's expression over the edge of her bifocal glasses.

"Yes, I understand," Victoria repeated, nodding her head for emphasis. "I'm eager to see different parts of the country," Victoria explained, leaning forward slightly. The traveling part of the job was what had caught her interest immediately. "I've lived in the Washington, D.C. area almost my entire life. But as much as I like this area, I love traveling even more."

Margie looked over the serene young woman sitting primly in front of her. The strikingly lovely woman was petite with beautiful blond hair pulled back at the nape of her neck and soft, green eyes. The black suit and crisp, white silk shirt she wore was professional looking but in no way enhanced her feminine shape. Margie considered that a good sign since the days would be long and hard. There was no time for primping and high maintenance females.

It was a good thing that this candidate had a long term boyfriend. Margie had seen enough females throwing themselves at her boss, Thomas Attracelli. He didn't need someone on his personal staff getting romantic ideas. That would throw the whole team into a mass of inefficiency and chaos.

The only doubt Margie had about Victoria Anderson was the woman's timidity. She definitely had the skills and the experience for the job.

Margie sat up a little straighter. She had considered all the applicants and the woman sitting in front of her had the best resume and interviewed extremely well. What's more, from several tests, phone conversations and interviews over the past two weeks, Margie suspected her personality would fit in with the team easily, although her nervousness right now belied that impression.

Chalking that up to interview jitters, Margie decided to go with her gut instincts and recommend hiring Victoria over the other five candidates interviewed so far. Mentally nodding her head, she moved on. "I know this is your fourth interview but this really is the final one. You'll be meeting Thomas Attracelli, the lead on the team, who will make the final decision." Margie looked at her watch and frowned. "He should be here any minute," she explained.

Victoria desperately wanted this position more than any of the others she had interviewed for over the past two months. But more desperately, she wanted out of her current situation. Victoria already had three job offers but was waiting to find out if she would be hired for this one, the most interesting and challenging from what she had learned so far.

Victoria tried to hide her sense of excitement but the idea of traveling to so many cities and countries, working on so many different projects had drawn her out of her job inertia initially. Over the past year, Victoria routinely reviewed the classified section of the newspaper, searching for job opportunities that seemed interesting. She'd seen the job offer for this position in the paper and had thought it was too good to be true.

"Who else is on his staff?" Victoria asked, eager to learn more about the job, praying that she would be selected over the other candidates.

Margie smiled, glad to have something to talk about while they waited for her delinquent boss to arrive. He had been scheduled to meet with this applicant fifteen minutes ago but he had yet to show up or call to let Margie know when, or even if, he would arrive.

Leaning back in her chair, Margie set her pen down on her yellow notepad and relaxed for the next few moments. "Mr. Atracelli travels with two other staff members. Mike is the operations manager and there's also Bob, who is a human relations developer."

"What is a human relations developer?" Victoria asked, not wanting to appear ignorant, but curious about the title.

Margie laughed slightly, appreciating the woman's twinkling eyes showing her sense of humor. "It sounds like a made up, politically correct title, doesn't it? I can assure you that 'human relations developer' is a perfect description of what this man can do. Bob goes into the ATI offices and assesses the morale of the place. He has a knack for building up the spirits of a group and creating a sense of unity. He works with the supervisors and mentors them on ways to increase or improve morale. He believes, and has shown, that an energetic and team oriented office staff produces much higher results statistically than a segregated and, what some offices consider, normal environment. I've seen him work and it's a pretty great talent. But then, Mr. Attracelli only hires extremely talented people, like you," Margie smiled conspiratorially.

Victoria returned the smile and was grateful for the vote of confidence. She looked at her watch again. "I think I might need to reschedule the interview with Mr. Attracelli. I really need to get back to work," she said, about to rise. "I'm sorry, I only have one hour for lunch and my current boss is very particular."

She and Margie had been waiting for almost fifteen minutes for the illustrious Thomas Attracelli to arrive for the interview and Victoria would be late getting back to her job if things didn't start moving soon. Victoria was only able to take an hour for lunch, and that hour was almost over. She didn't want to be fired if she wasn't going to get this job so she was extremely nervous about the time.

Margie leaned forward in her seat again. She didn't want to lose this candidate just because Thomas was being inconsiderate of her time. "If you'll give Thomas just a few more minutes, I'm sure he'll be along soon," Margie said.

Victoria understood Margie was trying to finalize the interviews. She looked at her watch again and decided to wait five more minutes before leaving. Depending on how long the interview with this mysterious Mr. Attracelli took, she hoped that would still give her time to grab a sandwich at the deli in her building on the way back to her office.

Suddenly, the hairs on the back of Victoria's neck stood up, and she was instantly alert for some reason. The air seemed to crackle an instant before the door to the lobby swung open. She could only see his tall frame, broad shoulders and his black hair but Victoria knew this was the sexiest and most dynamic man she had ever laid eyes on. It was as if a hurricane had just come through the room, then disappeared behind a set of double doors.

Once the storm was over, Victoria looked around her and was a little shocked that the room was still as orderly as it had been a moment before the man had entered, then just as quickly left.

Victoria suspected that Margie felt the same way in so far as the hurricane was concerned because her eyes just stared at the partially opened doors as if a bull had just gone through them. Turning back to Victoria, Margie raised her eyebrows, obviously astounded by what had just happened. Shaking her head, Margie picked up Victoria's file and stood up. "I'll be right back," Margie said and crossed the room to disappear behind the doors. She didn't close them all the way so Victoria was able to hear their conversation.

"Thomas, you're late. You were supposed to be here for an interview over a half hour ago."

A deep voice replied a moment later. "I'm sorry, something came up."

"Well, I really think you should meet this..." Margie started, only to be cut off mid sentence.

"I know," the deep voice came back, followed by a long sigh. "Listen, I'm late for another meeting. Is this person any good? Can he or she step in and take over the gaping hole in my staff? I'm not really in the mood to talk to a 'maybe' candidate."

"Take a look at these credentials," Margie said and Victoria pictured in her head Margie handing the tall man her resume.

There was a long period of silence, then the voice came back. "This looks fine. Send her in."

Margie appeared a moment later and motioned her through the double doors. Victoria stood on shaking legs and followed Margie into the adjoining office. Margie put the rest of Victoria's file in the middle of a glass topped, mahogany desk, smiled reassuringly at Victoria, then left the room, leaving Victoria staring at the back of the tall man while he read through the rest of her resume.

Victoria took the time to look around the room, trying to find something to help her relax, something that might create a common bond with this intimidating man. The office was extremely large and filled with antique furniture. Victoria sat down on the edge of a Louis IV chair and tried to think of something to say that would start off the conversation and let him know that she was interested. But her mind drew a blank each time she looked at his broad shoulders.

Staring out the side window, she was impressed with the view of the National Cathedral peeking through the tops of the lushly green trees. A plane passed overhead, but the room was so well insulated, she couldn't even hear the engines or any of the traffic from the street below, although they were fifteen stories up.

Victoria could feel the man's eyes on her so she looked up and was surprised at how handsome he was. Weren't men of his caliber old and fat? Or at least bald? There was definitely no fat on this tall man's frame. She slowly raised her eyes to his and immediately felt as if she had been shocked by an electric current. He had thick, dark brown hair that was almost black and dark blue eyes, firm lips and a straight jaw that seemed to be clenching for some reason.

Victoria tried to smile, but she wasn't sure if she actually made it. She placed her hands in her lap and swallowed, wishing she could stand up and run instead of having to sit here and endure his stare. Why in the world was he angry? she thought. He was the one that had allowed his schedule to get out of whack and put everyone else in a bind, including himself.

Finally he spoke. "Where were you born?" he asked abruptly. The question seemed to echo through the previously silent room.

Of all the questions he could have asked her that was not one she expected. "I'm sorry?" she asked, raising her eyebrows in polite inquiry, sure she had misunderstood or misheard the question.

"Your birthplace. Where was it?" he snapped out.

"I was born in Massachusetts," she replied, surprised at how angry his tone was.

"Where in Massachusetts?"

"Um...Springfield?"

"You're not sure?" he barked.

"I'm sure," she snapped right back, sitting up straighter in her chair, her chin going up incrementally. He might be gorgeous, but he was a complete jerk so far. No one had the right to be this rude upon a first meeting. Interviews were already filled with stress. Adding to it by rudeness was just obnoxious. Victoria considered standing up and leaving. This seemed more like an interrogation than an interview.

"Then why the hesitation?"

Victoria started to get mad. Here eyebrows drew together and her eyes flashed. "I'm wondering how this has any relevance on the position under discussion."

Thomas watched the delicate beauty sitting in front of him and cursed to himself. She was right. Her birthplace had no relevance to the issue but he just couldn't think of anything else to ask. He couldn't think much of anything. As soon as she'd walked through the door, it felt like someone had punched him in the stomach and he could hardly breathe. She was so damn beautiful!

And it was only getting worse now that she was angry. The eyes that had been a mossy green a moment ago were now sparkling emeralds and there was a little bit of color in her cheeks, making the porcelain-like skin glow. He'd always thought the line about a woman becoming more beautiful when she was angry was just a line. Now he knew that it was more, so much more. This woman definitely stirred him with her anger.

She was like a china doll, perfectly sitting on the edge of the seat, her skin flawless, her thick, blond hair primly knotted behind her head looked like it would fall through his fingers like a caress. His mind told him to end the interview immediately because there was no way she could join the team. He knew he'd let her interfere with the team's work. In fact, he wanted to ask her if she'd go out to dinner with him, among other things, instead of finishing the interview but he'd have to find some excuse to not hire her first so he'd better start interviewing her properly.

He smiled. "You're right," he thought quickly. "I'm sorry. It is March Madness and Duke is down at the halftime in the playoffs so I'm a little frustrated," Thomas said, referring to the Men's NCAA championship tournament currently being played out all over the country.

"Duke?" She was so amazed at how his smile transformed his face, she couldn't grasp the message in his words. His smile changed his face from incredibly handsome to devastatingly attractive.

"Yes, the basketball team," he said patronizingly, explaining his favorite team's sport. He looked back down at her resume, dismissing the topic and trying to come up with another question to put to her so he could end this farce of an interview.

"You didn't bet on them, did you?" she asked, a small smile on her lips.

He glanced up from reading and watched her eyes change back again to a soft, green glow. He wasn't sure if her eyes or her words were more intriguing. Did this delicate beauty follow basketball? It was not possible so he tried to dismiss the idea immediately. But a niggling sensation remained and he had to find out if she knew anything about his favorite sport. Leaning over his desk, he shook his head and explained, "I put twenty dollars into the office pool, with them taking it all home."

Victoria smiled gently. "But why?"

Thomas blinked in astonishment. "Why? Because they have a great team." The pity he recognized in her eyes fascinated him. He chided himself for liking the fact that she was pitying him. What an idea!

He saw her shoulders visibly relax. "They used to be a good team until their center broke his finger in the playoffs. Now, they haven't had the psychological edge the tip off allows them. Besides, they aren't versatile enough to go all the way this year."

Thomas could only stare and shake his head. How could this graceful beauty disagree with him on basketball? "But I went to Duke," he replied, as if that made all the difference in their playoff chances.

Victoria shook her head in commiseration, her eyes showing her misfortune for his plight. "I'm sorry."

"You're sorry?" he asked, pushing away from his desk and coming around to the front, hardly noticing the polished surface.

Victoria nodded, crossing her hands over her knee, "They need a better center and left guard. I think they have some great players in the queue but you'll have to wait a few more years for a championship contention."

He smiled, fascinated. "Who are you betting on?"

Victoria blushed. "Oh, I never bet. It makes me a little ill. But if I were, I'd go for Gonzaga or Oklahoma State. They have shown definite resiliency over the past few games."

Thomas was getting a whole different impression of the woman now.

"So how does my birthplace fit into the position?" she asked.

Thomas laughed. "I'm not sure it does anymore," he said and glanced down at her resume. "You've worked for your current company for over four years. Why do you want to change?"

Victoria smiled wistfully, looking down at the luxurious carpeting in order to shield her eyes from his too perceptive gaze. "Well, this might be a little silly but being an accountant, I don't get many opportunities to travel the world. I want to travel and things get a little too hectic to take time off where I am currently."

"Where would you like to go?" Thomas asked softly, putting her resume on the desk behind him and sitting down on the corner, one leg draped over the side to swing below while the other balanced him. He knew he was getting off track again but was fascinated by the woman and found himself wanting to know more about her personally rather than professionally.

"Oh, anywhere," she said, shrugging her shoulders and looking off into the distance as if she could see her dream vacation. "I was born in Massachusetts but I've lived here in Washington, D.C. ever since my parents moved us here about twenty five years ago."

"Why not just take a vacation? Why take a job that will have you traveling nine months out of the year."

She nodded her agreement with his point but shrugged her shoulders slightly before answering, "Well, I don't think anyone really gets to know a place until they live there. And I guess working there would be the next best thing, right? If I only go someplace for a few days, I'll only see the tourists traps."

Thomas agreed with her. It was one of the reasons he liked his job so much. He didn't delve into the lifestyle philosophy of her answer though. "You understand we work most of the time. The schedule usually doesn't allow much time to see the places we're staying."

Victoria nodded but there wasn't any sadness or disappointment in the acknowledgement. In fact, she seemed to become more enthusiastic in the topic. Her shoulders leaned forward almost imperceptibly and her hands curled into tiny fists on her lap, revealing her excitement. "I understand. But even an hour off in each place will allow me to see more than I would otherwise. I could just walk outside in Italy and eat a sandwich, watching the sunset. But at least I'd be in Italy. That's something to tell my grandchildren. Right now, I don't have many stories," she said, her eyes turning sad at the idea.

After a moment, he realized that she was finished and he was just staring at her lovely face. He scrambled quickly to come up with his next question. "What do you like about accounting?"

Victoria shrugged her slim shoulders. "Numbers make sense to me. I like the challenge of finding the story they are telling."

Good answer, Thomas thought. He wasn't doing a very good job of disqualifying her. "Have you ever found a story you didn't like?"

She laughed and Thomas held his breath at her beautiful smile and warm laughter. When she smiled, her whole face lit up and the sound seemed to soothe something inside his soul he hadn't known was wrong.

"Sure! I've had to go into meetings to report losses. But I consider that someone else's story so I just present the data."

"What's your story?" he asked suddenly.

Victoria was taken aback at the question. She didn't know how to answer his question. She didn't want to admit to this dynamic, overwhelmingly gorgeous man that she didn't really have a story. She'd lived her life quietly without incident and that was part of the problem, part of the allure of this job. She wanted more out of life than what she currently had.

"I'm not sure," she faltered, wondering what the best answer to his question should be. But he interrupted her before she could come up with an intelligent, witty answer.

"Never mind," he said and rubbed the back of his neck. Not an appropriate interviewing question, he reminded himself. Get on the ball and find something to disqualify her. And stop looking at her long, sexy legs! Thomas turned and faced the window. Unfortunately, he could still see her lovely reflection in the glass so that didn't help. "What would be your top places to visit?"

"Paris," Victoria said immediately and nodded her head for emphasis. "Or Italy - but no specific city. I took French and Italian in college and loved the languages. During history class, I always loved the Roman Empire period. I'd be depressed for weeks after the fall in school."

Thomas threw back his head and laughed at the unexpected answer. "I loved history as well but probably not that much."

"But you didn't major in it," she said as if it were a matter of fact.

"No."

"Why not?"

"Because it didn't make sense," he replied, a charming grin on his face as he threw back her previous answer and was rewarded by her melodic laughter in response. For some reason, he felt privileged to have made her laugh. Her laughter seemed almost like a gift that she gave out to only the most worthy of people.

Get a grip, Thomas told himself. He wasn't making sense. The woman didn't strike him as the type to hoard her laughter. She was just a normal female with what appeared to be a superior knowledge of auditing procedures.

Thomas cleared his throat and looked back down at her resume. "Can you wait outside? I need to talk to Margie another moment, then she'll need to speak to you again," he said and stood up, reaching out to shake her hand.

Thomas took her shaking hand in his and a protective feeling washed over him. He wanted to reassure her that everything would be okay. But since he wanted to date the woman, rather than hire her, he couldn't give her any reason to relax.

Chapter 2

As soon as she walked out to the lobby, he felt like the sun had disappeared behind the clouds. What was wrong with him, he asked himself, turning away from the door she'd just exited.

He picked up her file and went down the hallway to find Margie and tell her that Victoria Anderson would not work out.

Entering Margie's office, he tossed her file down onto her desk. "Find someone else."

Margie leaned back in her chair, not touching the file. "Why? She's perfect for the job and you know it."

"No, she's not."

"First of all, why are you in a foul mood all of a sudden? And second, what's wrong with her?" Margie demanded. Not many people dared to stand up to Thomas. But he allowed it with Margie and a few others simply because they'd been around for so long, and they were usually right.

"Don't worry about my mood," he snapped despite the fact that he was acting unusually surly. "As for Victoria Anderson, she's not strong enough. We work long hours and she's too dainty. She'd never last a month, much less my required year."

"She's not too dainty. She's a strong, effective person with a spirit and drive that is unusual in someone that young. You're just too much of an ogre to realize that fact so step back and take a closer look. She also has all the experience you need. I've given her several different kinds of tests and her personality fits into your team's better than anyone else. Good grief, she's basically a perfect match for you."

Initially Thomas was stunned by her last comment. But then he considered the idea and realized he liked the way that sounded too much. Unfortunately for his current predicament, he wanted to sleep with the woman, not work with her. Well, not sleep with her exactly. His mind instantly pictured several images of what he'd like to do with her and none of them included sleeping. As soon as he realized where his mind was going, he shook his head and immediately pushed those thoughts aside in order to deal with Margie and the subject of his missing auditor for the team.

Margie stood up, trying to reason with her boss. "What's wrong, Thomas? She has a boyfriend who is basically her fiance and he is willing to let her travel all over the world. What are the odds you'll find someone else with her skills and attitude in addition to an understanding significant other? She's excited about traveling, more than willing to take on the challenges, has all the experience you need and, from what her previous employers say, she has the financial intuition to go along with that experience. Give me a reason to reject her and I will."

The only thing Thomas heard was that she had a fiance. That idea made him want to punch the wall but it also gave him the perspective he needed to see the woman more clearly. Having a boyfriend, no a fiance, he corrected, made all the difference in the world in his mind. That made her off limits to him and therefore, eminently eligible to work on his team.

Suddenly, the thought that she would be traveling with him, working beside him, made him feel one hundred percent better. He didn't want to investigate that feeling too closely. Instantly, his mood lightened and he smiled, ignoring the surprised expression on Margie's face.

"Well then hire her and get her started immediately," Thomas said and walked out of the office, leaving a befuddled Margie to wonder what had just happened.

Margie walked down the hallway to the lobby a moment later and motioned for Victoria to follow her back to her office. Once there, she closed the door and motioned for Victoria to sit down in one of the chairs facing her desk. "I guess you heard the conversation?"

Victoria nodded. "I'm sorry, I wasn't trying to eavesdrop but it was difficult not to hear," she said.

Margie laughed. "Yes, I know. Sometimes it gets eerily quiet around here. Especially during deadlines." She shifted some papers on her desk, then folded her hands over the files. "So I guess you understand that Mr. Attracelli is serious about the one year commitment?"

Victoria grimaced slightly. "Is he that much of an ogre? Does he have trouble keeping people?"

Margie laughed. "Absolutely not. Bob has worked for Mr. Attracelli for almost five years and Ted lasted for three before deciding to get married. He's now working in one place instead of traveling all over the world, but still with ATI. His wife is happier about the situation too."

"That doesn't seem very long," Victoria said, still slightly concerned about longevity and job security. The possibility of travel and new experiences overrode those concerns though.

"It is when you understand the demands of the job. Mr. Attracelli wasn't kidding when he said the schedule is tight for the next six months. His schedule has him reviewing ten of the ATI companies in six months. Some of them need some serious revamping. Mr. Attracelli generally isn't called in unless there is the suspicion of trouble. And it will be your job to find the financial issues. There are also routine audits, but those don't take up a large portion of his time usually."

"Wow!" Victoria muttered, astounded at the possible workload.

Margie nodded. "Exactly. The hours are long but the challenge is definitely there. And the compensation is extremely good," Margie said and mentioned the starting salary.

Victoria couldn't help it but her eyes widened at the figure Margie mentioned. "Why so much?"

"Because Mr. Attracelli demands a lot from his personal staff. He also gives it back. He takes care of his people."

Victoria could only stare. The figure was almost double what she was currently earning. That much money would enable her to help her younger sister pay off her college debts and still put money away for her wedding.

"So what do you say?" Margie watched the lovely woman expectantly.

Victoria bit her lip. She could feel the excitement already bubbling inside her. A chance to travel all over the world, a great salary and experience that she never thought she'd ever have a shot at? What was she waiting for? "Of course," Victoria said, nodding her head for emphasis.

Margie was visibly relieved. "Great. Then you've got the job. When can you start?"

Victoria's face lit up at the offer. "Um....I don't know. I think I need to give two weeks notice."

Margie frowned. "Mr. Attracelli leaves for Seattle in one week. If there is any way your current employer can let you go prior to that, please let me know. But having just resolved a staffing problem," Margie smiled and relaxed her shoulders, "I understand if you will have to work the full two weeks," she said. Margie stood and extended her hand. "Welcome aboard. Once you give me your start date, we'll make arrangements for you to stop by and get some orientation information and get your security badge and a few other things out of the way."

Victoria stood and shook the offered hand, feeling light-headed. "Thank you!" she said, eager to leave the office so she could let her excitement bubble over. Tamping down her excitement until she got out of the office, Victoria left and considered walking quickly back to her old job. Instead, she splurged on a cab ride and arrived back at her small office with only minutes to spare before her lunch break was over.

"Long lunch?" Jim Vendmore asked sneeringly, peering into her office with a frown.

Victoria looked at her boss's polyester blend shirt and clip on tie that was slightly askew on his neck. He was almost completely bald but persisted in combing over his pointed, shiny head what few strands of hair were left, which only created a greasy, stringy mess.

"No," she said, ignoring his protruding stomach that pushed her pencil box farther onto her desk. "I'm back just in time," she replied and moved her computer screen so he wasn't leaning against it as well. He'd done that before and had completely disconnected the plugs one day. She didn't want to risk that again.

He grunted in response but didn't pursue the issue. "Do you have the Jamison figures?" he asked, referring to the project audit that was due that afternoon.

"I put them on your desk this morning." Victoria replied, maintaining a serene expression. She noted that Jim was in the mood for an argument and was searching out an issue on which to chide her. He was the type of man that had to find things wrong with his staff in order to feel better about himself.

Jim took out a handkerchief from his pocket and blew his nose, then crumpled it up and stuffed it back into the pocket of his polyester pants. "Good, good," was all he said but continued to stand in her office.

Ignoring her revulsion at the dirty handkerchief that was now residing in his pants, Victoria looked back at her computer screen, eager to write her resignation letter. But when he didn't move out of her office, she glanced back up at him. "Was there something else?"

Jim shuffled his feet slightly, giving Victoria warning that she wasn't going to like whatever he was preparing to ask next. "Well, I was just wondering how things are going with your boyfriend," Jim said, wiping his nose with his bare hand.

Victoria kept the disgust out of her voice and nodded her head. "Fine. Thank you for asking." She wasn't about to give him any details about her personal life.

Jim grimaced. "Are you always so polite?" he grumbled, exasperated by her non-answers or evasive replies.

"I try," was all Victoria could say, unsure why he was criticizing her manners.

"Well, it's a little weird," he muttered with a scowl.

"Being polite is weird?" she clarified, confused but not really caring about his eccentricities.

His bushy eyebrows dropped lower over his shifty eyes. "No, not that. Just that you're so timid. I'm never sure what to make of you."

Victoria had no response to that so she simply folded her hands in her lap and continued to watch him, a calm expression on her face as she waited for him to get to the point.

"Well, I guess it can wait until later," Jim said gruffly and turned quickly to exit her office. "Make sure the audit of Landew is done before tomorrow's ten am meeting," he said, already out the door and walking down the hallway. "And I'm going to need a summary of your findings so I can brief the controller."

Victoria sighed deeply. The Landew audit was a small subsidiary of Global Corp that she'd been assigned to quickly review and summarize for a meeting with the head of her division. She didn't think it would take very long and she had other priorities to clean up so she turned back to her computer, wrote a simple resignation letter, then dove into her stacked in-box in an attempt to clean things up before her two weeks were over.

She worked hard all afternoon and was relieved when five o'clock came around. She looked around her office and packed up all her personal items. There wasn't much, only two pictures, one of her younger sister, Laci, at her college graduation and another of her parents who lived in Florida now. There was also a coffee cup that she'd brought from her apartment and a space heater since her office usually didn't get very good circulation from the heating system. She glanced around and decided to take the Landew files home so she could finish working on them on her personal computer instead of cramped up in her small, windowless office.

Turning off the light to her small, cramped office, she took her letter of resignation down the hallway and was grateful that Jim was already gone for the evening. She knew that he usually left the building right at five o'clock but hurried just in case today was an exception to his usual departure time and he'd only stepped out of his office for a moment. She placed the letter in the center of his desk so he wouldn't miss it in the morning and quickly left the building herself.

Chapter 3

The relief she felt once she was outside was uplifting. She wanted to skip and dance, but she settled for a secret smile as she walked through the parking lot, passing by her co-workers as they all made their way home for the evening. She felt silly with her smile since not many other workers had similar expressions. But for the life of her, she couldn't tamp down her excitement. An image of the incredibly handsome Thomas Attracelli passed through her mind but she quickly dismissed that as the reason for her euphoria. It was only the start of a new job and a new path, she told herself.

As soon as she entered her apartment, she dropped her purse and called her sister, hoping that Laci was home so she could tell her the good news. "Laci?"

"Hi, Vic! What are you up to?" Laci answered on the first ring.

Victoria didn't cringe at the hated nickname because she was too eager to relay her news. "Guess what?"

"You got the job!" her sister bubbled over the phone. Victoria imagined her sister jumping up and dancing around her small apartment, just as Victoria had wanted to do an hour ago. The difference was that Laci followed through on her impulses whereas Victoria suppressed them underneath layers of inhibitions and manners.

"Yep." Victoria fell onto her sofa, letting the tension from the day ease out of her body. She kicked off her navy blue, high heeled shoes and unbuttoned her conservative, navy blue jacket.

After another small giggle of excitement, Laci proclaimed, "I'm on my way over to celebrate. I'll be there in twenty minutes." Without another word, not even a goodbye, she hung up the phone.

Victoria looked at the now dead phone and laughed. She hung up the receiver and put it back onto the side table, not caring that her sister had just hung up on her. She was too eager to celebrate herself.

Her younger sister, Laci, was the complete opposite of Victoria. Where Victoria was reserved and polite, Laci dove into life with both hands in the air, daring the world to stop her. Victoria was tentative and safe. She liked order. She liked the predictable. Victoria had her future mapped out for herself and was happy, if mildly and unexplainably dissatisfied, with her life so far.

She knew that, instead of her current life where she envisioned herself working day after day in a small office or cubicle, crunching out numbers for a faceless corporation, Victoria wanted to chart new waters and find a new life, break out of her dreary, hum drum existence.

Victoria's new path was to travel the world, experience life and learn as much as she could. Then she and Barry would settle down, have two lovely children, Victoria would stay at home and see that they were raised with love and compassion and Barry would be the wonderful daddy who arrived home just in time for dinner and bath time. Victoria wanted a garden with vegetables and herbs and lots of flowers around her house.

What she currently had was a small, stale apartment with sensible furniture and potted plants sitting out on her tiny balcony that somehow survived in the pollution clogged air surrounding Washington, D.C.

If Victoria had her life planned out for the next twenty five years, Laci was the exact opposite. Laci was chaos personified. Even their hair reflected their individual personalities. Laci had curly, dark, brown hair that fell down to her waist. It bounced in every direction when she moved. Victoria, on the other hand, trimmed her golden hair at shoulder length so it curled softly around her face. It was still wavy, but much less dramatic than her younger sister's. During the week, Victoria always wore her hair neatly pinned at the nape of her neck, not wanting it to get in the way while she worked but not sure what to do with it otherwise.

Despite their different personalities and an age difference of four years, two sisters had never been closer. Victoria's doorbell rang fifteen minutes later. As soon as Victoria opened the door, Laci burst in and gave her big sister a hug that almost brought the two of them to the floor. Victoria laughed and hugged Laci back. "Oh, you were just what I needed to build up my confidence," Victoria said, leading the way down the hallway to the combination family room and kitchen with the two bottles of wine Laci had brought. Laci was balancing a box of pizza and a pint of chocolate brownie ice cream in her hands.

"I'm so happy for you, Vic! It will be great for you to get out of Global Dork," she said, using the name she'd given the company for which Victoria had worked for the past two years. "They have really been a rotten experience, but I have a good feeling about ATI."

Victoria laughed at Laci's optimism. "How would you know? You don't know anything about the job or the company."

Laci put the ice cream in the freezer and twirled about, her blue eyes sparkling at the information she was eager to share. "Not true," she exclaimed, her first finger pointing into the air to emphasize her newfound information. "I looked them up on the internet and I really like the company. First of all, it is run by Salvatorre Attracelli, a hottie if I've ever seen one, by the way," she said, pulling plates out of the cabinet. "I'm sure it was an aged picture though. He's probably old and decrepit by now."

Victoria laughed, loving her sister's enthusiasm. "I didn't get a chance to meet him."

"Well, your hunk isn't too bad either. Didn't you say were interviewing with Thomas Attracelli today?"

"Yes," Victoria said and quickly busied herself with pulling napkins out of the pantry for their pizza, hiding her exited reaction to just the man's name.

"He's almost as gorgeous as the older one." Laci took a huge bite of her pizza, then put the pizza down and uncorked the first bottle of red wine. "Although none of them seem to be old enough to be running a company the size of ATI."

"Yes, but Thomas will be my boss. It's never a good idea to think of co-workers that way, much less a supervisor."

"Well, don't worry, he looks very nice. You really should get a load of the older one though. Goodness, he probably should have been in movies or something when he was younger," Laci said, dramatically fanning her face with her hand as if she were overheated.

"How do you know? You've never met him. How on earth could you know what either brother looks like?"

Laci smiled mischievously. "Tommy 'A' is one of the executive vice presidents. All their pictures are on the web site along with the pictures of the other vice presidents and their oh-so-lofty titles."

"Their company motto is great too," Laci continued. "'Integrity and ethics' is simply put." Laci rolled her eyes and made an inelegant snort of disbelief. "As if a conglomerate the size of ATI can claim integrity and ethics. Everyone knows in this day, integrity is out the door in large companies and ethics are a matter of their own personal interpretation. But at least they say that up front. Most companies probably don't even know how to spell the words, much less put in any lip service towards promoting the ideas."

"No indication of what kind of law you'll be practicing in that statement, is there?" Victoria teased her younger sister, knowing Laci was studying law to protect the underdogs of the world. Victoria took the seat next to Laci on the cream colored sofa, her body facing her younger sister as she shook her head in disagreement. "Besides, I don't' believe that all large companies are unethical and lacking in integrity. You might not like Global Corp, but I seriously doubt there is anything going wrong in the company."

"I don't like Global Corp because of the way they treated you. Especially that incompetent boss of yours. He made you do all the work and constantly took credit for it himself. If that man knows how to add, I'll marry Sal Attracelli no matter how old he is," she laughed.

Victoria laughed as well. "Don't even think about it. If he's running a conglomerate the size of ATI, he's probably way too old for you," Victoria said then delicately took another bite of pizza. "Speaking of which, how is Jason?" she asked, wiping her hands primly on her napkin.

Laci wrinkled her nose at the mention of her latest boyfriend. "He's getting a little strange," she replied, then took another slice of pizza.

Victoria raised her eyebrows in question. "In what way?"

Laci thought about the best way to describe her current boyfriend's attitude. "Well, I can't really explain it. I just catch him staring at me sometimes with a strange look on his face."

"Uh oh, that could be trouble," Victoria teased. "Staring is not really a healthy past-time, you know."

Laci rolled her eyes and shook her head. "I know what you are thinking but I'm not ready to settle down. I'm just about to finish my sixth year of school and I want to have fun. I don't want to tie myself down. There are too many things in the world to do and try."

"I think having babies would be a wonderful thing to try," Victoria retorted.

Laci sighed. "I know your fantasy is to have babies, live in a cottage house surrounded by flowers and a vegetable garden with a husband walking through the front door at six o'clock each evening. But you're the one that wants the Brady Bunch fantasy. I want something different. I want to help people, make a difference in the world."

"I know, Lac. That's why I love you so much. And when you do all those things, you have to make sure to come back here and tell me all about them." Victoria took another small bite of her pizza, placing the rest carefully on the plate. "And after each of your adventures, you'll be able to come back and wow all your nieces and nephews. You'll be their favorite Aunt."

Laci looked at her older sister, noting the smile in her eyes as she talked about possible adventures someone else might experience. "Vic, have you ever considered that you might want to do some fun and crazy things yourself?" Laci had always suspected that there was a passionate streak lurking beneath the overly calm exterior of her older sister.

Victoria laughed. "Oh no! I just want to hear about them. I'm not the type of person who wants to live a crazy life. I'm content to live vicariously through others. You're the one that wants to jump out of a plane, jet ski in the middle of the ocean and save the world all at the same time. I just want to have a peaceful life and watch flowers grow."

"So why the sudden desire to do some world traveling?"

Victoria didn't know the answer to that question, so she just delicately shrugged her shoulders. She ignored the little voice in the back of her head that was telling her that Barry was too dull to understand what she wanted. She reminded herself that she loved Barry and they had a mutual understanding of what each other wanted for their future. "It will be my last fling before settling down with Barry." Another picture of the very virile, very dynamic Thomas Attracelli popped into her mind. Victoria quickly banished the image for the second time that night and forced her mind to start listing Barry's wonderful attributes.

"Does he know about your new job?" Laci interrupted before Victoria could think of the first item on her list of good things about Barry.

Victoria looked up sharply and gasped. "Oh, no. I forgot to tell him." She reached for the phone and started to dial his number.

"Didn't you tell him you had the interview today?" Laci asked, watching her sister dial the number to Barry's office. Victoria knew that Laci didn't like Barry. Laci thought her older sister deserved someone with a little more pizzazz, more personality and definitely more interest in Victoria and less interest in work. According to Laci, Barry was just as predictable as Victoria. The two didn't challenge each other in any way.

"Well, yes but..."

"And he didn't call you to see how it went?" Laci asked, her lawyer's interrogation mode operating at full throttle.

"Well..." Victoria started. She wanted to defend Barry but was a little hurt that he hadn't taken the time to call and find out how the interview had gone today. She'd talked to him on the phone last night and she'd discussed how nervous she was about the interview and how much she really wanted this particular job.

"But he didn't take the time to call," Laci surmised, easily understanding her sister's hesitation. Victoria listened to the receiver and sighed when Barry's voice mail came on instead of his voice. She hung up the phone, not wanting to give him the news in a voice mail. This was too exciting. She wanted to wait until she could tell him in person.

Victoria shook her head, thinking that Barry probably had tried to reach her but had done the same thing she'd just done, not wanting to leave a voice mail about something so important to her. "You have it wrong about Barry. He's just very busy. He'll call tonight after he gets off work."

Laci glanced at the clock over the stove. "It's eight o'clock now. What time does he leave work?"

Victoria looked at the clock to confirm that it was really that late. She hesitated before replying, knowing that she was damning her future husband in Laci's eyes even further. "Sometimes late," Victoria hesitated, shaking her head. "Barry will call as soon as he's able. He's a very busy man and has many obligations after work."

Laci poured herself another glass of wine. "Is there any passion between the two of you?"

Victoria blushed. "I don't think..."

"You haven't slept with him yet have you?"

"No!" Victoria replied. "Barry is a gentleman," she said. "Besides, sex is overrated anyway."

"You've been dating the man for over a year, you're planning on marrying him and yet you still have tested the goods, so to speak," Laci said, winking at her sister's blush.

"Don't even try that. You're not the type to sleep around either so don't condemn me for not doing anything about a physical relationship with Barry," Victoria said, but she couldn't look her sister in the eye when she said that, too embarrassed about the conversation. And there was also the knowledge that she didn't have any need for a physical relationship with Barry. It was something that had crossed her mind occasionally when he'd dropped her off after their dates with a chaste kiss, something both of them were satisfied with.

Laci let out an unladylike snort. "Yeah, but I'm twenty four. You're twenty-eight. There's a world of difference there."

"I'm not sure age has a whole lot to do with sex at either of our ages. We need to find someone that interests us."

Laci tapped her finger against her head, thinking about the situation. "I think you need to meet a man who is more forceful, more masterful. Maybe then you'll have sex with someone like that."

"Laci! I've never heard you talk like that," Victoria admonished, laughing at her sister's statement.

"Well, I was thinking that maybe the reason you've been so hesitant with Barry is because you haven't met anyone that really floats your boat, so to speak."

Victoria had to laugh at her little sister. "Well, I don't know if that's the case, but thank you for the turn of phrase."

Both women were quiet for a moment, each lost in their own thoughts. Suddenly, Laci burst out, "Ok, enough of this melancholy. This is a celebration. I'll bring out the ice cream and you pop in a movie. We're doing this in style!" and she danced into the kitchen to get the ice cream.

After having huge bowls of ice cream, they sipped the rest of the wine and watched movies. Laci ate two more bowls of ice cream before finally falling asleep on Victoria's couch.

Chapter 4

Victoria woke the next morning, prepared to head in early to her office to try and clean up her projects before her two week notice ended. She was racing around trying to get ready for work when the phone rang. She considered not answering it but remembered her conversation with Laci last night about Barry and thought it might be him.

"Hello?"

"Victoria? This is Jim. I got your resignation this morning. Don't bother coming in to finish out your two week's notice. We only like loyal employees here at Global Corp!" he snapped gruffly and slammed down the phone.

Victoria held the receiver away from her ear and stared at it as if it had grown a head. For a few minutes, she felt as if she had been fired, but then her shoulders relaxed, her mind cleared and a small bubble of excitement burst within her. She was free! Victoria hadn't realized how much she had hated that job until now.

Looking around her small apartment, she wanted to step out onto the balcony and yell at the top of her lungs. She didn't, of course, since it wouldn't be appropriate, but she giggled slightly as she put the phone back in its receiver.

She immediately dropped her purse and rushed over to her still sleeping sister, shaking her shoulder to wake her up. "Laci! Wake up!"

"Wha..?" the sleeping woman asked, not bothering to open her eyes.

Victoria wanted to dance around in her excitement. She gently shook her sister instead. "Wake up! I don't have to go into work today. Want to come shopping with me?"

That woke up the sleeping woman instantly. "What happened? Why don't you have to work?" Laci asked, rubbing her eyes to clear them from the fog of sleep.

"My boss called and said that he'd received my resignation and that I didn't need to fulfill my two weeks notice."

The confused expression on her sister's face cleared and she smiled brightly. "Well in that case, let's get moving." Throwing off the blanket Victoria had put over her legs the previous night, she stood up and bounced to the bathroom. "I don't have classes until tomorrow. I think you need a whole new wardrobe for your fantastic new job."

Victoria laughed. "I don't have the money for a new wardrobe, but maybe a few more nice suits."

"No way," Laci said, popping her head back through the doorway of the bedroom. She'd almost made it to the bathroom to shower when she'd heard her sister's comment. "You're going to step out in style if I have to push you yelling and screaming. And jeans! You're going to buy a pair of jeans. You don't own any but I'm betting you'll look fabulous in them. With your legs, how can you not?" she said, ignoring Victoria's skeptical look.

Laci rushed into the shower and was ready in record time. She had some clothes in Victoria's apartment since she was there so often so she just pulled on a clean outfit and they were off for a day on the town. They spent a leisurely morning sipping coffee, getting their nails done then spending the day at the mall. Laci convinced Victoria to buy one pair of jeans and several more casual sweaters for site seeing in all the different places she would be traveling to over the next year. Victoria also bought two new suits, one in a soft yellow and another in a creamy green that brought out the green in her eyes. She liked the more feminine shades instead of her usual black and navy blue.

Victoria also called Margie and told her that she had been released from giving two weeks notice so she was free to start immediately.

"That's great news," Margie exclaimed. "Can you come in for a travel briefing on Friday? Mr. Attracelli will be going over the schedule for the next few months and briefing the team on the issues they'll be researching in each city."

"I'll be there," Victoria replied. They discussed the details and a few minutes later, Victoria smiled at Laci. "Well, that's that, I guess."

"You've just committed yourself to a whole year of world traveling," Laci sighed. "I'll miss you but I'm very excited for you. And with a gorgeous man like Tommy too! Wow. You really have it all now. You need to get some sexy new clothes to wow that man."

Victoria shook her head immediately. "No way am I getting involved with Thomas Attracelli. He's my boss and that's all. There should never be anything between co-workers, much less a manager and a subordinate."

Laci deflated. "Why do you always have to play by the books? Just once, I'd like to see you do something daring and against the rules."

"Rules are in place for a reason. I like rules. I like knowing what is expected. It keeps me sane," she laughed.

Chapter 5

The next three months went by in a blur for Victoria. The team traveled a lot and worked long hours. There were times she wasn't sure which city she was in. She never complained though. She loved the work and got to see some of the sights although it was usually in the early mornings on the way to the office or the night lights as she traveled from the office to their hotel.

The first two weeks, Thomas's team was in Seattle, Washington where she got an afternoon off and traveled to the skyscraper to enjoy the view. Then a month in Chicago with one weekend off. Even though they didn't have much time off, Thomas took the team out to dinner several times a week and they joked with each other, laughing about the problems they were having or the odd characters they ran into. Thomas seemed to know exactly when to treat them to a night out, gauging the stress levels of the team accurately and letting them blow off steam when needed.

By the end of June, Victoria felt as if she were finally getting a grip on her job. She was exhausted but challenged. The team seemed to work non-stop. Sixteen hour days were the norm and each of them only took time to pass out in the hotel before starting over again the next day.

She started to understand the team's personalities a little bit as well. Bob was the joker. Whenever there was a lot of stress or something happened on the road that interfered with the work schedule, it was always Bob that stepped up with a joke or a sarcastic comment that broke the tension.

Mike was the diplomat and communicator. He made sure everyone knew what was going on wherever they were, no matter what city. Mike tended to sit back and let the issues wash over him. That allowed him to see the bigger picture and step back to analyze the problems and come up with a solution. Margie had been correct in her assessment of Mike's skills as a human developer. The man had a knack for generating team spirit and focusing the employee's efforts.

Thomas was a genius, Victoria thought. He masterminded the whole team, kept them on track and had the intuition of a psychic. Before the team landed in any city, he already had a good idea of what the problems were and how the team should go about fixing them. He directed the team's research with a skill that Victoria had never experienced before but was constantly surprised and impressed with.

At the end of June, they had an assignment in New York City and Victoria was thrilled when Thomas declared a night off. Victoria immediately headed for Broadway and saw Cats. It was the same in each city they worked; Thomas would give them a day or a night off from their research and Victoria would sample the main attraction each city offered. To get the tickets wherever they were, Victoria utilized Thomas's headquarter secretary, Martha, who stayed in Washington, D.C. and coordinated their travel arrangements. She also was a whiz at getting tables at the best restaurants or tickets to a play, concert or opera, even if it was sold out.

Unfortunately, along with the good came the frustrations. The more she worked with Thomas, the more fascinated she became with the man. He was always a gentleman, never making any inappropriate comments. But Victoria loved watching him work, listening to him brainstorm with the team or just sift through information on the computer.

One night in July, they were working in the Bankok, Maine office, she found herself alone with Thomas in the conference room. She hadn't realized that Mike and Bob had already left for the evening, having been absorbed in her own tasks. She was pouring over some files when she discovered some discrepancies in the numbers. In the process of pointing them out to Thomas, he leaned over her shoulder. She could feel the heat from his body through her yellow silk blouse and became flustered but tried to hide it. It was difficult for Victoria to remember what she was explaining to him.

It took her several minutes to concentrate. Thomas listened patiently as she stammered out her problem and was relieved when he stepped back from the table so she could breathe more easily. She definitely needed space from this man in order to think clearly.

She avoided his eyes when she finished her explanation that night and thankfully, Bob came back into the room and helped ease the tension. The three of them discussed her findings and came up with a plan to dig further into the numbers.

Another time, Victoria was reading a file and waiting for the elevator. Since it was so late at night, no one else was in the building except Thomas' team so she didn't bother to look up when the elevator opened. She simply walked forward, assuming the elevator would be empty at that time of night. She was wrong. She walked right into Thomas. The next thing she knew, she was being held in strong, incredibly muscular arms, papers floating everywhere as they gently floated to the floor in every direction. Victoria had trouble understanding what had happened as she stared up into Thomas' dark blue eyes, his arms still wrapped around her waist.

"My fault," Thomas said, steadying her. "I need to slow down." He took a step back and looked her in the eyes. "Are you ok?"

Victoria could only nod, her voice refusing to come while he was still touching her arms.

Then they both bent down to pick up the errant papers. Victoria was instantly aware of her skirt sliding up her thighs. She tried to inconspicuously pull the soft green linen skirt down, but it slipped back up as she reached for the papers farther away.

She turned around to grab the last paper and realized that the lace at the top of her thigh high stockings was exposed. "Oh," she said, and stood up immediately, her face turning red with embarrassment. She glanced over to look at Thomas, hoping he hadn't seen her exposed intimate apparel. The hooded look in his eyes told her he had.

Thomas just stared at her thigh for another moment, then stood up with her, handing over the papers. "I'll be more careful," he snapped and walked quickly away without another word.

Victoria was confused by his angry tone but took the papers he handed her and watched him walk towards the conference room. Telling herself that he must be overworked, just like the rest of the team, she pushed his tone aside and continued down to the filing room where she had originally been heading before her embarrassing encounter.

Thomas entered the conference room a few minutes later and poured himself a glass of ice water, knowing that his body needed something stronger. He wished he hadn't seen her sexy lingerie. For the past three months, he had been able to keep his space from Victoria only by sheer force of will. She was one of the best accountants he'd ever had on his team and he didn't want to mess that up because he couldn't keep his libido in check.

For his peace of mind, he needed to think of her wearing plain, white cotton underwear and normal panty-hose. When she'd first started working on the team, she'd worn stiff, navy or black wool suits that hadn't flattered her figure in any way. They were serious suits that, although they didn't detract from her physical beauty, they didn't enhance her looks in any way. And they definitely hid most of her stunning figure from his hungry eyes. He'd had to really look to know that the severe, navy and black fabric covered up a tiny waist, slim hips and breasts that he knew were not too large but definitely not too small. From the brief glimpses through the formal silk blouses she'd worn, he knew they'd fit perfectly in the palm of his hands.

But over the months, she'd acquired almost a whole new wardrobe made of more feminine colors. She wore suits made out of silk and linen in soft, pretty shades of pink, yellow and mossy green, a green that perfectly matched her beautiful eyes, he remembered.

He needed her to be unfeminine in some way and her underwear was the most obvious place. But he now knew what lay underneath those feminine suits and his mind reeled at the idea, wondering what else she was wearing. Would her bras be as pretty? Did the lace of her underwear match whatever outfit she was wearing? He knew the idea would be bothering him now. And he had no right to find out, which frustrated him. Her fiance was the only man who had the right to view her beautiful body and he wanted to punch the man even though he'd never met him.

The reminder that she had a fiance should have cooled his desire for her. The fact that she had a fiance should mean that the woman was unavailable to him. Even if she wasn't otherwise committed, he told himself, she was completely off limits as a member of his team. She was fantastic at her job and he respected her intelligence so he needed to keep his hands, and mind, off of her long, sexy legs and her perfect derriere.... Thomas stopped his mind from traveling further up her body, knowing he needed to get in control before he burned up in flames just thinking about her.

By the fourth month, Victoria felt as if she was finally a part of the team. Bob and Mike both teased her about her weekly calls to Barry, telling her that she needed to find someone who called her once in a while. In turn, she laughed as they traipsed out to find dates for the night and felt more like a sister with the two of them as they told her about their conquests at the various bars in the morning, trying to shock her at the lengths they would go for a lady.

Thomas, although the leader of the team, seemed to keep himself out of the teasing. He was always within ear shot and she'd caught him laughing when either Mike or Bob made a crack about one thing or another. But he didn't participate. Which both Mike and Bob mentioned was a little odd.

As the team meshed more and more, Victoria found her niche in the group and felt more comfortable. Unfortunately, as her comfort level increased, so did her attraction to Thomas. She found herself watching him while he talked on the phone, fascinated by the aura of authority that surrounded him. She caught herself staring at him one afternoon on the plane to London while he worked through some report. She looked at his hands and fantasized about what they might feel like when they touched her skin. She had to quickly look away when he unexpectedly glanced up and caught her. She tried to hide her flaming cheeks, but she suspected that he'd noticed.

At the end of August, Thomas had the team auditing the Paris offices. The city of Paris was a wonder to her. They arrived in a hotel that was only a few blocks from the ATI offices they were auditing and Victoria insisted on walking everywhere. She always volunteered to get the lunch sandwiches instead of asking one of the office secretaries to order something in.

Thomas refused to let her go out for the dinner run though, not giving her any explanation. Victoria didn't mind as long as she could take her laptop out onto a balcony and work while she was eating a sandwich or whatever was ordered for the evening. The air was only a little bit polluted from the top floor of the building where they were working and the summer heat was in full swing but with balmy breezes pulling wisps of hair out of its neat chignon.

They had one night off and Thomas announced that he would treat them all to dinner at the famous Maxime's. Victoria was thrilled and couldn't contain her excitement. Bob and Mike teased her but she didn't mind. She was in Paris and she was about to dine at the most famous restaurant in the world. What more could a woman want, she thought? Her eyes instantly moved to see Thomas sitting at the head of the conference table, talking on the phone. She wondered what he was saying, his French much more fluent than hers ever was and she was only able to catch a few phrases.

Victoria reminded herself that he had a girl friend. There was a woman named Antonia who called occasionally and he had called her on several occasions. Victoria just left the room whenever she knew he was talking to her and pretended she wasn't insanely jealous that some other woman got to talk to him so carelessly. She knew it wasn't about business. They talked about personal things, nothing intimate, but just casual. Thomas joked with this woman and laughed with her, his deep voice telling her to stay out of trouble and letting her know when he would be coming back or what city he was heading to next.

Suddenly, Victoria realized that she'd been staring at Thomas for quite a while because her eyes focused and she saw that one of his eyebrows was raised in inquiry as he looked back at her. Victoria instantly dropped her head back down to study the file in front of her and hoped her cheeks weren't really as red as they felt.

Fortunately, Bob and Mike burst into the conference room at that moment, both arguing about some issue that Victoria couldn't grasp as she calmed herself down from Thomas's intense look. It was a look that told her he knew what she was thinking about but she reminded herself that, although he was the smartest man she'd ever met, he couldn't read minds. At least she hoped he couldn't, she told herself. She'd be mortified if he ever knew what she had been thinking.

The following week, they were in London and Thomas apologized for not giving the team any time off but promised that they would the next round in London which would be soon. They only stayed for three days and then were back stateside.

Victoria was grateful when Thomas announced that they would have a whole weekend off with a late start on Monday when they would be off to Atlanta, Georgia.

Victoria needed the break. She was starting to dream about Thomas at night and she needed to spend some time with Barry. He would put things into perspective for her. She needed to be reminded of what her plans were, where her future was going and what was at stake when she constantly thought about Thomas.

Despite that, for some reason, she didn't call Barry when she got home. She dialed her sister up first, talking with her for about an hour before hanging up. Victoria unpacked and started her laundry, knowing she should call Barry and let him know she was in town. The last few discussions she'd had with Barry had been strained. They didn't have enough to talk about when they were an ocean away. She told herself it would be better between the two of them when they were face to face and could discuss business or politics like they used to. But for some reason, she still didn't call him up. Victoria waited for Laci to arrive at her apartment instead.

"I miss you!" Laci said as soon as Victoria opened her apartment door, predictable box of pizza in hand.

"I miss you, too!" Victoria said, hugging her sister.

They walked out onto the small balcony to eat their pizza. "So tell me all about your travels. It isn't the same when you call me from some place."

Victoria took a sip of red wine and savored the final rays of the setting sunshine. "Well, it certainly isn't boring," she said.

"You've been to twelve cities in four months and all you can say is that it isn't boring? Come on, give over the details. What's the best thing about everything you've been doing? What kind of life is it? Do you get to do a lot of sight seeing?" Laci crossed her legs and leaned forward, eagerly awaiting romantic tales from her older sister's worldly travels.

"Thomas really keeps us moving,"

Laci rolled her eyes. "You are definitely not giving out enough details, woman." She jokingly slapped her forehead, "What am I saying? You're not giving out any details. Come on, spill the beans. What about Paris? That had to have been exciting." Laci said, already on her third piece of pizza.

"I ate outside on the balcony a few times but other than that, we only had one night off and we were back to the states."

Laci wouldn't be discouraged. "Ok, so you're not seeing much of the world. There must be something in the conference rooms to make you stay indoors. What's this Attracelli guy like? You constantly refer to him on the phone but I've only heard you talk about him in a business reference."

Victoria warmed to that subject but knew she had to keep her description of Thomas brief and impersonal. Laci would catch on to anything romantic if Victoria even hinted that she had feelings in that direction. "He's very nice, incredibly brilliant. A genius, really."

Laci shook her head and put her pizza down on the plate. "No way. I've seen his picture, remember? There's no way that man can be described as simply nice. He either has to be a real womanizer, a charming seducer or gay."

"Well, he's very intelligent, and kind. He makes us laugh and teaches us constantly. I've never met anyone as patient as he is," Victoria replied, a small smile on her face.

Laci watched her sister and noted the dreamy expression on her face and the stars in her eyes. "Victoria?"

Victoria didn't respond, she seemed to be miles away.

"Um...tory?" Laci prompted, waiving her hand in front of her sister's face to bring her back to the present.

Victoria blinked and blushed slightly. "Uh oh." Laci said.

"What's wrong?"

Laci grinned knowingly. "You have the hots for your boss."

Victoria's blush intensified, realizing her plan of hiding her feelings for Thomas from her sister had gone awry. "Don't be silly. I respect him and his intelligence. Nothing more," she stated firmly.

Laci wasn't buying it. "If you looked that way when you talked about Barry, then I'd probably believe you. But the fact is, you barely talk about Barry. I know you don't talk to him very often on the phone either and this is your first full weekend off in more than a month and you chose to spend Friday night with your baby sister. Don't get me wrong, I'm glad because I miss you so much. But I also know that look. The only other time you looked like that was when you were fifteen and Dennis DiMarco asked you to Homecoming."

"Not true," Victoria argued. "I've felt like this for other guys," she started only to be interrupted by her sister.

"So I'm right!" Laci exclaimed and she jumped up to throw her arms around Victoria's shoulders. "You do have the hots for The Great Thomas Attracelli!" she said smugly, settling back down and picking up her pizza again.

Victoria sighed. "I guess I'm a little attracted to him but I guarantee that nothing is going to come of it. It is just natural to be mildly interested in someone so..."

Laci waited but Victoria didn't finish. "So what?" she prompted.

"So...strong," Victoria finally said.

"Strong?"

"Well...yes. Strong. He's a pretty amazing man."

"In what way?"

"Well, in every way. But we really need to change the subject. I'm marrying Barry so this is just a school girl crush that I'll get over soon. And you're right. I should have called Barry to see if he wanted to do something. I just thought he'd already have plans since this was a surprise weekend off."

Victoria called Barry Saturday morning and they went out to dinner that evening. But no matter how much Victoria tried, she couldn't stop comparing Barry to Thomas.

Where Thomas was tall and had an overpowering presence, Barry was only a few inches taller than Victoria. He had a lawyer's presence which was nice and confident, but Victoria saw small points of insecurity that she hadn't noticed before meeting and getting to know Thomas. Barry's smile was comforting, Thomas' smile turned her stomach to jelly.

When Barry laughed it came out as harsh and a little malicious since he was laughing at someone's outfit at the restaurant. Victoria realized that Barry didn't have very many nice things to say about anyone and spent most of the evening complaining about his co-workers and boss. She thought back to all the times Bob and Mike had discussed personnel issues with Thomas and never had a derogatory comment been uttered. All issues were performance based. Barry criticized personalities.

Thomas made her laugh and his intelligence continued to astound her. His very presence made her think of wearing a sexy dress and wondering what he would do to her, with her. He set her blood on fire with just a look.

Victoria left Barry with a chaste kiss on her doorstep and that didn't do much to stir her passion. Barry definitely came out on the lower end of the attraction scale.

Barry was soft where Thomas was strong and muscular. Victoria wasn't sure how or when he found the time to work out, but Thomas definitely had some attractively bulging muscles. She realized that Barry was sagging slightly around the waist. She wondered if that was a new occurrence or if she was just used to the flat stomach Thomas had. She'd seen Thomas swimming a few times in the hotel pool and knew that he was an amazing specimen of a man.

It wasn't just the topic of conversation from the previous night with Barry that Victoria objected to. She even found it difficult to converse with Barry Saturday night, she realized as she stepped onto the plane that would take them down to Atlanta. She figured that she was getting used to Thomas's rapid fire conversational style and kept waiting for Barry 's slow, well thought out questions and answers.

While they waited for the plane to get permission to take off, Thomas immediately started talking about their new assignment and she understood that her impatience was due to Barry's deliberate conversational style. He considered everything he was going to say before he said it whereas Thomas was always thinking about five steps ahead of all of them, shooting questions and issues out as they occurred to him. It was a very invigorating style and Victoria fell right back into the stream of conversation, thrilled that she could keep up her end of the discussion.

Chapter 6

Thomas watched as Victoria took a seat and strapped on her seat belt. He had spent the weekend with his family but had wondered the whole time what Victoria was doing. The thought of her in her boyfriend's or fiance's arms tortured him.

Thomas wanted to find the man and smash his face in when he thought of him touching Victoria. He didn't even know the man and he already hated him.

"So what did everyone do this weekend?" he asked, turning to Mike as the plane prepared for takeoff. Thomas didn't really care what Bob or Mike had done for the past three days. He wanted to hear what Victoria had done but didn't want to be obvious about it.

"Alas, no woman would have me. Bob and I hung out at several bars but we were both turned down," Mike revealed, shaking his head in mock grief.

"Speak for yourself," Bob laughed, a charming smile on his face as he wriggled his eyebrows. "You left 'Shasba' too early," he said, mentioning a new bar in Washington, D.C.

Thomas laughed as the two younger men discussed the women at the bar. "And what about you?" he asked softly, turning to Victoria.

Victoria had to fight the incredible feeling she had whenever he spoke to her directly. He always made her feel special with the looks he gave her. When he directed a question to her, his whole body indicated that he genuinely cared about her answer and that he wasn't just asking to be polite.

"I had dinner with my sister on Friday night," she said. For some reason, she didn't want to admit that she'd also had dinner with Barry on Saturday night.

"No hot date?" Mike interrupted. Victoria had thought he and Bob were too intent on recounting the details of their bar hopping to have heard her conversation with Thomas. "What about your D.C. man, Barry?"

Victoria smiled slightly before responding but she didn't really want to talk about her date. "Barry and I had a quiet dinner on Saturday night. It wasn't anything special." She couldn't look at Thomas when she admitted that part.

"What about you?" Bob asked, looking at Thomas. "Did you do anything special?"

Thomas shook his head. "Just a weekend with the family."

Bob instantly perked up. "Was Antonia there?"

"Only on Sunday," Thomas said. "But don't even think about her." There was a very stern look in his eyes when he replied to Bob, as if warning him in non-verbal ways to stay away.

Bob didn't take the rejection to heart. He grasped his chest in the general vicinity of his heart and leaned back in his chair. "Ah, bossman, you can't deny me the pleasure of my dreams. If only Antonia would just glance my way, she'd realize what a catch I am. I know she's taken, but I'm sure I can convince her that I'm the better man."

Thomas smiled slightly but shook his head. "Like I said, stay away from Antonia if you value your life," he growled. "She's in love so don't bother. Dream about some other woman."

Victoria looked away, overwhelmed by the jealously eating at her. Obviously Antonia was a very special woman that he cared for very much. And if Bob was interested, she must be beautiful.

They started discussing business after that but it took Victoria several minutes to get her jealousy in control so she could contribute to the conversation. Even after her emotions were in check, she couldn't look at Thomas. The idea of another woman being held in his arms just flamed up the anger. She forced her thoughts back to the data she was now responsible for and chided herself for her silly thoughts.

It didn't help that he was so protective of this woman. Victoria wondered what kind of woman could generate those kinds of feelings in Thomas. He was such a strong man. What was it about Antonia's personality that could engender such protectiveness?

She was probably tall and gregarious, someone with a personality just like Thomas. The idea started eating at her and she wanted to question Bob or Mike about the mysterious Antonia, but she was afraid of what those questions might reveal, both to them and to herself.

Victoria busied herself on the flight by going over the advance reports she'd been given before the flight. She ignored the teasing banter going back and forth between Bob and Mike and avoided all contact with Thomas. She moved to the front of the plane not wanting to listen to Mike question Thomas about the lovely Antonia anymore.

The plane landed in Atlanta by midmorning and Victoria was grateful for the short flight. The plane was wonderful, but her jealousy still hadn't abated and what seemed like a large and spacious cabin before, had turned into a tight, closed space, filled with her resentment towards an unknown woman.

The hotel was, thankfully, a short distance away from the airport as well. Thomas checked them into the gracious hotel and handed everyone their keys.

She was able to reach her hotel room quickly and hide in her room for a few precious moments. During that time, she stared at herself in the mirror and gave herself a pep talk.

"You are not interested in Thomas and if he is committed to this other woman, then that is all for the better." Victoria didn't like the image that stared back at her. It was of a woman who was not being honest with herself or someone she professed to care about. Barry didn't deserve this kind of cheating, even if it was only in her mind and at vulnerable moments during the day. He deserved her honesty and sincere devotion. Not just lip service on the days she was around him.

Thomas watched Victoria as she quickly entered the elevators and disappeared. He was intrigued by her behavior this morning. She had definitely avoided eye contact with him but he wasn't sure why. Had he done something to make her angry? It had started right after Bob had asked her about her date with her fiance. Apparently, her weekend hadn't gone well. He was glad about that but kept his opinion to himself.

Why had she only spent one evening with the man? If Thomas had been her fiance, he'd have demanded the whole weekend, keeping her in bed most of the time and making love to her....Thomas stopped those thoughts from continuing before they fully formed.

Even so, her attitude and lack of time with this other man made him wonder. It was very suspicious and gave Thomas ideas he knew should better be left not thought about.

He made his way to his hotel room. It was the one right next to hers, a circumstance he knew was not a mere coincidence since he orchestrated the room assignments wherever they went. No matter what city they were working in, Thomas was the one that checked the team into the hotel. He always made sure that his room was right next to Victoria's.

It was an odd sort of torture he put himself through on each trip. He would lie in bed each night wondering what she was doing, what she looked like when she slept, what she slept in and sometimes imagining the idea of her not sleeping in anything at all. He preferred that scenario and those thoughts immediately moved on to what he thought her body looked like underneath those business suits. Those thoughts inevitably led to wondering what she looked like in the heat of passion. He wondered if she would be just as polite and demure as she was during the day or if she was a woman who would claw and demand more, screaming out her climax. At that point, Thomas usually had to get up and take a cold shower in order to calm down his throbbing libido.

Thomas thought about what he'd seen and heard this morning and the more he considered her behavior, the more intrigued he became. The questions tempted him to discover the answers. Was Victoria not as committed to her fiance as he'd originally thought? He knew it wasn't an official engagement. She didn't wear a ring and she didn't talk about any wedding plans. He'd heard her talking on the phone with him on a few occasions, even after she hung up with him, she generally talked about her sister or what was happening in other aspects of home life. She rarely talked about what Barry was doing and never conveyed any stories, funny or otherwise, about their time together.

Putting all those facts together, Thomas decided it was time to do a little investigating. He was going to find out a little more about his Victoria. He stopped in the middle of hanging up his shirts in the closet. Thomas liked the way that sounded - "his Victoria". He wasn't sure how, but it was time to shake things up slightly and see what fell to the ground.

By lunchtime, the team was ensconced in the main conference room of the Atlanta office of ATI and things were back to normal for Victoria after her pep talk. She sat at the opposite end of the conference table from Thomas. There wasn't as much of a rush this time to finish the audit and generate findings on improvements but they all worked quickly and quietly during the afternoon.

By seven o'clock, Thomas turned to everyone and called it quits. "Ok boys and girl, it is time to hit Roxanne's."

Bob and Mike immediately closed their files and stood up, stretching. "This is a treat. Why the early evening and what's Roxanne's?" Mike asked.

"The early quitting time is because we've been going pretty hard for the past few months and Roxanne's is the best barbeque ribs this side of the Mississippi," Thomas said and pulled Victoria's chair backwards. "And you need to slow down this trip," he said, leaning over her shoulder slightly. Then he spun her chair around and grabbed one of her hands.

Victoria smiled as he pulled her to her feet, tamping down the special feeling she got whenever he focused his attention on her. "Well if you insist," she said and pulled her buttercup yellow, silk jacket off the back of her chair and started pulling it on over her yellow and soft, green flowered silk shirt.

"Nope - no jackets tonight. Too messy," he said and pulled her jacket back down her sleeves, holding it captive in his arms as he put a hand to the small of her back and guided her towards the doorway.

Victoria liked this more teasing Thomas but wasn't sure how to deal with him. She was used to the serious task master. "What about the rest of me?" she said, referring to the yellow silk skirt and matching shoes. "Should I head back to the hotel and change? I can take a cab and meet everyone at the restaurant."

Thomas looked down her figure clad in the soft, feminine suit and almost groaned at the tightness that instantly sprung to life in his slacks. "You look beautiful," he said softly. Bob and Mike were ahead of them, already waiting at the elevators so they didn't hear his comment or see Victoria's flush of pleasure at his compliment.

Thomas had never touched Victoria deliberately before so she was astonished at the reaction of her body as it registered his closeness and the strong hand on her back. He didn't let go either as the four of them stepped into the elevators. She felt very special, his nearness and his compliment suffused her with forbidden happiness.

They drove for only fifteen minutes and pulled into an old barn type of building with a gravel and dirt parking lot. The lot was packed with all types of cars ranging from rusty pickups that had definitely seen better days to a Mercedes with a new wax job.

They could hear the music as soon as the doors to their rented black Lincoln Town Car opened and Victoria was a little wary. In general, she avoided loud, busy places preferring a more subdued atmosphere. But she followed them into the restaurant, wondering what kind of experience this would be for the four of them.

She tried to take the seat next to Mike but somehow found herself sitting next to Thomas who seemed a lot closer than normal. She wasn't sure how that happened but tried to hide her confusion and breathlessness since Thomas's arm rested against the back of her chair as he surveyed the rest of the restaurant.

The waitress arrived with huge beers for all of them. "Thomas! It has been too long since you showed your handsome self in here. Come on over here for a hug, boy!" the buxom blond woman said. The woman sported more make-up than a movie star and teased blond hair that almost stood straight up from her head in all directions. Her rubenesque body was squeezed into the tightest pair of jeans Victoria had ever seen.

Victoria's eyes widened as Thomas pulled her into his arms for a bear hug which the woman immediately returned. "Jessie! It's good to see you! How's Hank?" Thomas asked, leaving an arm around her shoulders as he talked to her but they were facing the table so Victoria had a perfect view to be jealous of.

"Oh, he's over at the bar somewhere. He saw you guys come in so he sent me over with the beers but if you don't take your arm off me he's likely to come over and whoop your butt!"

Thomas turned and waived to a huge man wiping down glasses behind the bar. The man waived back at Thomas and laughed at the scene. "Don't let her give you no sass, Thomas!" he yelled over the noise and music in the restaurant.

"Don't worry. I'll take care of her for you!" Thomas called back.

Hank laughed and moved on down the rest of the bar to help a customer, obviously not too worried about his woman being in the arms of a handsome man.

Victoria denied the relief she felt at knowing the woman was already taken. And Jessie shook her head at her significant other's lack of reaction to Thomas's affection. "Hank saw this pretty little gal you're with. That's the only reason you haven't been pummeled. Otherwise, he'd be over here in a New York minute," she admonished, snapping her fingers in the air.

"I know he would, love," Thomas laughed and kissed her forehead.

Jessie laughed and waived him away but kept her arm around Thomas's waist. "What you guy's gonna have tonight? I'll make sure you're order gets in ahead of these slugs," she said, smacking a man's bottom as he passed. The man just laughed and turned back to kiss her cheek, then moved on to his table.

Thomas looked around the table. "Jessie, bring out four slabs with all the sides. And keep the beer coming."

Jessie's smile grew bigger. "You got it, Doll!" she laughed and gave him another squeeze. "Now sit down next to that pretty little thing and tell her what a great guy you are so she'll fall madly in love with you!"

Turning to Victoria, she said in a stage whisper, "You grab this guy and keep him, honey. He's worth all the irritation, I guarantee it!"

Jessie walked off before Victoria could correct her on the relationship she had with Thomas, leaving a laughing Bob and Mike staring at an embarrassed Victoria. Thomas sat down next to her and it seemed as if his chair moved a little closer. Victoria forgot to breathe for a moment, then told herself she was just being silly.

"Cheers, everyone!" Thomas said and raised his glass. Four beer mugs raised in the air, clinking for a moment before everyone paused while they took a sip.

They talked shop, discussing the findings of the day as they normally would if they were in the office. The meal came a few minutes later and all four of them chowed down on the best spare ribs Victoria had ever eaten. They were juicy and had a wonderfully tangy sauce, perfectly complemented by beer, something Victoria normally wouldn't drink, preferring wine.

They feasted on cole slaw, hush puppies, French fries and juicy ribs, having a lively argument about politics and education policies. Once they had made a respectable dent in the food Jessy had delivered to their table, Bob stood up and decided that he needed to dance off some of the food. "Ok, I've spent enough time with you guys, I need to find some female companionship before diving into those files again tomorrow. I'll see all of you in the morning," Bob said and stood up, grabbed his beer and headed off to the bar.

"I think I'll join him," Mike said and followed in his wake.

That left Victoria and Thomas sitting at the table, watching the thinning crowd. It was only a Monday night and most folks probably had to work in the morning, so the restaurant was only half full.

Victoria felt awkward being left alone with Thomas. She wasn't' sure what to say "If you'd like to follow them, I'll catch a cab back to the..."

"Dance with me," he said and stood up to stand behind her.

"Thomas I don't know how to dance to this kind of music."

"I'll teach you," he said and grabbed her hand, guiding her onto the dance floor.

Victoria followed reluctantly. She loved dancing but was afraid of being in his arms. Fortunately, the music was fast paced and the other dancers seemed to be moving in and out of their partners' arms so she thought it might be a little easier to deal with.

She slipped into his arms and glanced up at him, waiting for him to step into the music. He instantly led her through the steps, having a confident ability to lead her. After the first song, she relaxed and trusted him not to embarrass her.

The country music was fun and the two step was easy to learn, especially with a great teacher like Thomas. He knew all the moves and how to coach her into the next step. When they moved, it was as if they had been dancing with each other for years.

"You dance well," she said at a pause in the music.

"So do you," he said, his smiling eyes looking down into hers.

"Where did you learn to dance?" she yelled as the music started up again and he swung her into a country waltz.

"We were all taught to dance when we were kids," he said, leaning down and talking close to her ear so he didn't have to yell.

"I can't imagine all four of your brothers marching into a dance studio. How did your mother manage that?" she laughed at the image. She didn't have the advantage of talking into his ear because he was too tall. Even if she stood on her tip toes, she wouldn't be able to reach his ear.

"She didn't," he said and spun her around and under his arm.

"I don't understand," she yelled as she came around and back again.

The music suddenly stopped, then started again, much slower this time. "There is a ballroom at the main house," he said in a normal voice. "My mother pushed us all into the room with the dance teacher and locked the doors once a week. Since there were five boys and only one sister, that meant we had to dance with each other. We learned how to dance as quickly as possible so we didn't have to dance with our brothers anymore."

Victoria would have laughed at the idea of five boys partnered with each other, but she was breathless again. She could feel every part of his body as his thighs moved against hers, her hips rocking against his and her breast brushing against his chest as they swayed easily to the music. "Your house had a ballroom?" was all she could think to say.

He nodded.

"Of course! Why didn't I think of that?" She thought for a moment. "What else does your house have?"

"It isn't my house. It's Sal's now. I live about five miles from the home I grew up in."

"Ah." Victoria couldn't think of anything else to say. He was holding her in his arms and it felt better than she had dreamed it would be. She had always thought his strong hands would be firm, when in fact they were gentle but with calluses on the palms.

"I think we'd better head back to the hotel." Thomas said, his voice seemed deeper than usual and his eyes were a darker brown.

Victoria realized she was staring at his eyes and mouth and jerked back. "Of course," she said, flustered. "I'm sorry. I really can find my way back if you'd like to stay."

He chuckled deeply and took her hand back in his big one. "Come on. I don't have any reason to stay so stop trying to push me into the arms of another woman."

Victoria didn't understand his humor but was grateful he now had his back turned to her. She needed to pull herself together and stop thinking of him romantically. Ever since her conversation with Laci the other night, she seemed to be thinking of him more and more often.

They got back to the hotel and Thomas walked her to her hotel room. "Do you need to call Larry tonight?"

"Larry?"

"Your fiance?"

"Oh. Barry," she corrected. "But he's not my fiance."

"He's not?" he asked, standing in the hallway, his hands in his pockets.

Victoria searched through her purse for her room key. As soon as she pulled it out, Thomas took it and opened her door for her, his eyebrows raised as he waited for her response.

"Well, no, we've only just talked about marriage. He hasn't proposed yet."

Thomas looked down at her and gently pushed a strand of hair out of her face. "He's a stupid man."

And with that, Thomas handed her key back to her then walked to the next door and unlocked his door, letting himself in. Victoria watched him walk away then disappear into his hotel room, confused about his parting comment.

She walked into her own room and closed the door, leaning against it as she repeated his words over and over in her mind. What had he meant?

Finally, she gave up trying to figure out that enigmatic man. She could put all sorts of meanings behind his words but she would only be thinking fancifully. Bracing reality was what she needed and she pushed against the door and got ready for bed.

The next morning, Victoria finished her evaluation and called it quits. They were leaving the next day for Milwawkie. Bob and Mike had already left for the afternoon, taking some time off while the work was slow. Thomas had left earlier in the morning for meetings and no one had seen him since. She was the last one to finish up and she quickly typed up her notes on her computer then packed up all the files.

Victoria went back to the hotel and wondered what she should do with all this extra time. She had about five hours before she had to start packing for the next city. She stood in her hotel room and bit her lip. The sun was shining outside, beckoning her. She decided to pull on her bathing suit and take a dip in the pool. It was about ninety degrees outside and the crystal clear water of the hotel pool was just what she needed to cool down and relax for an afternoon.

After changing into her bathing suit and a filmy sarong, she stopped in the hotel gift shop and bought some magazines thinking she might have a chance to do some reading. She also picked up a big, floppy straw had to protect her face. Pulling the hat low down on her face, she ventured to the pool. Since it was the middle of the afternoon, most of the chairs were empty and she had her pick of the prime sun bathing spots.

Victoria started reading the first magazine but after only one article, her eyes were so heavy she could barely hold up the magazine. She laid it down beside her, pulled her hat down lower, pushed her sunglasses higher and relaxed her head against the chaise lounge. Almost instantly she was asleep.

Thomas shook hands with Jim Anderson, the Atlanta bureau chief. He had one more meeting and then he would be done for the day.

"Why don't we go to the bar outside and have a drink?" Thomas suggested. "It gets pretty hot here in the summers," he said, leading the way to the patio bar.

They sat down at one of the tables and ordered ice tea. The sun felt good on Thomas since he'd been cooped up in conference rooms for what seemed like months.

He was listening to Jim go over some of the details of an initiative the Atlanta office was experimenting with when the sexiest pair of legs he'd ever seen caught his eye. He was facing the pool but could only see the legs and not the rest of the body. One leg was bent and the other was straight out on the lounge chair.

"So you think this will work in other areas of the company?" Thomas asked, forcing his attention back to what Jim was explaining.

"I think it could be applied to several of the other offices but maybe not in the manufacturing branches," he replied and continued on with his explanation. "If the rumors are true that ATI is branching out into retail, it might be applied there as well, but would need to be adjusted slightly."

Thomas tried to focus. Jim was going over the financial details of his idea and all Thomas could do was nod in feigned understanding. The woman was either asleep or was reading something very interesting because she didn't move in any way the whole time he watched her.

Jim continued on as if Thomas were paying complete attention. Thomas on the other hand, leaned more to the right to see if he could get a glimpse of the body attached to those legs. But nothing worked. Thomas took a sip of his iced tea and hoped Jim didn't notice his eyes straying or his mind's lack of concentration. Hopefully, his sunglasses hid his eye movements.

Realizing that he was straining his neck to get a glimpse of the sun-bathing beauty, Thomas leaned forward, using Jim to block his view of the legs. He was embarrassed that he was so undisciplined. Usually, when he was at work, his whole mind was there as well and he demanded the same of his team members. Well, that was before Victoria came onto the team, he corrected. He seemed to be noting what she wore each day, if she wore perfume, when she left the conference room and, until she came back with whatever data or file she had been pulling, his eyes strayed to the conference room doors, waiting to see her walk back in.

He admitted to himself that he loved the way she walked. She moved with the grace of a ballet dancer. Her whole body was perfectly still except for her hips and her legs. And she wore high heels that made her legs look shapely. He suspected she wore them to make up for some of her height. He wasn't sure, but he assumed she was about five feet four or five inches tall and wanted to hide that fact. The shoes she wore raised her height to about five feet, seven inches tall, which only brought her to the top of his shoulder. In any case, he loved watching her walk, admitting, if only to himself, that it was almost an obsession.

Thomas realized he was imagining Victoria walking down the pool side instead of listening to Jim and refocused. Jim was still talking numbers.

Then two things happened at once. The woman rolled onto her stomach and another hotel guest moved a chair that had been blocking his view of the woman. And his heartbeat accelerated. Now that she was lying on her stomach, he saw that the sexy legs were topped by the cutest derriere.

Thomas turned away, forcing his eyes back to Jim. He took another long swallow of his iced tea and called to the waitress for anther, wishing he could down a glass of scotch instead.

"One more question," Jim asked.

Thomas nodded his head in inquiry but knew that he was holding his breath in anticipation of the woman moving again so he could see her face.

"What's so fascinating behind me that you've just agreed to spend a billion dollars implementing something you have no understanding of?"

Thomas flushed. He'd been caught and had no recollection of the conversation. "I'm sorry," he said to Jim. "I'm a little distracted," he said, hoping the older man wouldn't turn around and see the sunbathing woman.

"Can I look?"

Thomas shook his head. "It's just some kids playing," he lied. "How about if we get out of this heat and continue our discussion?"

Jim nodded. "Sure, sure." He said and stood up to follow. But he couldn't contain his curiosity since he hadn't heard any kids playing in the pool.

"Wow!" Jim said, catching a glimpse of the woman's legs stretched out on the lounger, then picked up his iced tea and followed Thomas into the coolness of the hotel.

"Okay, I saw what had you so captivated. I won't be offended now that I have to explain my idea again."

Thomas smiled as he sat down in a hotel lobby chair and forced himself to listen to Jim. In the back of his mind, he determined that he was going to find the woman immediately after this conversation and get to know the woman. Maybe the mystery lady could push Victoria out of his mind and help him get focused.

Jim went through his idea again and Thomas was able to offer some arguments for and against the idea. They discussed the issues associated with it and Jim left an hour later promising to submit the idea on paper with more data so Thomas could bring it up with others and float the idea at a corporate level.

Thomas shook Jim's hand. "Sorry for being distracted earlier," he said.

Jim laughed. "I completely sympathize. Am I correct in my assumption on where you'll be headed next?"

Thomas nodded his head with a huge grin on his face. "Absolutely."

A few minutes later, Thomas walked out to the patio bar again and looked for her. Sure enough, she was still fast asleep on the chair in the same position, several sports magazines stacked beside her and another one laying open on her towel. Her face was turned away from him so he couldn't tell anything about her except that she had great legs, an incredibly alluring derriere and loved sports. With that much going for the two of them, the least that could happen was a nice dinner. And hopefully more, he thought to himself.

Thomas surveyed the length of her body. She even had nice feet, he thought. She was starting to burn, he noticed as he ordered an ice tea for her and a beer for himself.

He walked over to the woman and picked up the magazine that was laying on the side of her lounge chair. Apparently she was reading an article on the upcoming hockey season. A very worthy effort, he thought, nodding in approval.

"Excuse me, but you're about to burn," he said, holding his voice low so she wasn't startled.

The woman lifted her head instantly and looked around, trying to get her bearings.

"I also brought you something to cool off," he said, holding out the frosty glass of iced tea.

The woman sat up and turned over, eliminating Thomas's very enticing view. But her new position showed that she had very nice breasts and a tiny waist encased in a black bathing suit.

"Oh my," she said as soon as she sat down on her bottom and instantly lifted her derriere off the seat cushion.

He didn't mind. Her new position just gave him a better view of her lovely breasts. "A little sensitive?" Thomas asked. Something about her was shooting off warning signals but he wasn't sure what it could be.

And then she took off her glasses and hat with shaking fingers. "Thank you for the tea," Victoria said, reaching for the glass that was dripping condensation onto the concrete pool patio. "I didn't' realize how strong the sun was out here." She smiled up at him. "You've been gone a long time. Were your meetings successful?"

Thomas almost dropped the glass he was so stunned. He should have known! Damn! He cleared his throat. "You're going to have a hard time on the plane tomorrow," ignoring her question about his meetings. He didn't want to discuss work. He wanted to pull her into his arms and run his hands along her perfect skin, test it out and see if it was as soft to the touch as it looked.

"What were the meetings about? If you don't mind me asking."

Thomas had to focus quickly and wracked his brain to remember the idea Jim had talked about. "Oh, just an idea the Atlanta boss wants to toss around."

"Do you think it will work? Can you tell me the details?"

"Jim's a smart guy. He's going to send me a summary and we'll look at it. You can run the numbers and see if it makes sense financially," Thomas said. He kept his sunglasses on but even so, he tried hard not to stare at her breasts. From what he could see from her bathing suit, they were the perfect size, just right to fit into the palm of his hand, he thought. He cleared his throat and looked at her face.

"Sounds interesting," she said. Victoria looked at the back of her legs, embarrassed that she had fallen asleep for so long. "What time is it?" she asked.

Thomas looked down at his watch. "Five o'clock," he replied.

"Oh no! I haven't packed, I haven't done anything to get ready for tomorrow," she said, and grabbed her sarong and tied it around her waist. "Thank you so much for waking me up, Thomas. I promise I won't do anything so silly again," she said and rushed off to the hotel lobby.

Thomas stared after her. "Damn!" he said and drank down the whole beer. He shook his head and followed in her wake, knowing he'd have visions of those legs tonight in his dreams. He wished he'd never seen her figure like that. He now knew what she looked like without those soft, feminine suits she always wore. That knowledge, coupled with the fact that she wore sexy underwear, was going to bother him even more.

"Dammit!" he said again and headed back to the bar. He needed something stronger to get his body in control. How could one tiny woman affect him so dramatically? And consistently? Why couldn't she be one of those women that he dated where the excitement wore off with time and familiarity? It seemed that this attraction he had for Victoria was intensifying as he got to know more about her.

Did she have no idea of the affect she had on him? Was she teasing him? That thought made him grit his teeth. If that was the case, he'd have to talk with her. There was no time in the team's schedule for needless, sexual teasing.

He shook his head. Of course she wasn't, he told himself. That was just his sexual frustration looming it's ugly head. He was her boss. She treated him with extreme politeness at all times, never indicating any sort of personal recognition. She joked with Mike and Bob all the time but she was too wary around him for anything more than polite inquiries into his well being. In order for her to have been teasing him this afternoon, she'd have to have known he was going to be at the pool but he'd told Bob and Mike that he was going to the Atlanta office for the meetings. It was a coincidence that Jim arrived at the hotel instead of at the office.

She was behaving perfectly and he needed to follow her lead despite his curiosity over her relationship with her soon-to-be-fiance.

He sighed and realized that was the safest approach. He needed to practice that as well and get her out of his mind during working hours.

He smiled ruefully as a thought occurred to him. Maybe there was some way he could hire a gopher for the team. That way he wouldn't have to watch her walk all the time and get turned on simply because of her sexy sway. He grimaced as he entered his hotel room, knowing he wouldn't even consider giving up that kind of pleasure during the day, even if it made his nights easier to deal with. And he also knew that he wouldn't be able to deny his curiosity until he had the answers to the questions knawing at him.

Two more weeks passed and Victoria thought she was losing her mind. Thomas found several opportunities to touch her and as much as she loved having him near, she constantly had to remind herself that he had a girlfriend and she had an almost fiance. It didn't help that she'd tried to reach Barry several times over the past two weeks and was only able to reach him for terse conversations. He seemed preoccupied lately and almost irritated each time she called. He only wanted to know when she was going to be back in town and, since she wasn't sure, he only became angrier.

She wasn't sure what was going on with him. Their relationship was definitely on rocky waters right now. She talked to him about it one night while they were in Milwakee but he didn't seem inclined to agree with her. In fact, they got into an argument about the fact that everything was fine between the two of them. He wanted her back in Washington, D.C. more often was all he would say. When she explained that she could be back the next weekend, she was surprised to hear him say that he had to go out of town.

After that conversation, Victoria determined that she wasn't going to call him for at least a week. She wanted to give him time to calm down. She was also tired of calling him. She hoped he'd eventually call her, show some small sign that things really were okay between the two of them.

A whole week passed with no communications between herself and Barry. It was a week of frustration because Thomas touched her more and more often. It was always simple touches and Victoria knew she shouldn't make more of them than they were. But she was becoming more and more interested in the man and he wasn't helping her fight her attraction to him.

One day they were in a crowded elevator and he stepped behind her to make room for more people. She could feel his whole body against her back and thighs. There were other times he had to lean over her chair to read something on her computer screen and she could smell his aftershave, the scent tingling her nose. At dinner one night, their legs touched under the table and it felt like an electric current had passed between the two of them, and she fought to hide her reaction since Mike and Bob were also at the table. Victoria's eyes met over the table, clashing with Thomas', and Victoria had to look quickly away, frightened of the intensity of his gaze.

Fortunately, the work kept going and Victoria liked the challenge of keeping up with Thomas' schedule. There were tests of the team's skills in every office. San Diego was another easy evaluation financially. The office director ran a tight operation and all the files that Victoria needed were available to her immediately with neatly typed explanation for anything out of the ordinary. She was able to finish her work in only a few days.

Unfortunately, the perfectly kept records which made her job easy, indicated severe morale problems in the office. Apparently, the personnel quit with regularity, meaning that there was no continuity and a severe drain of historical knowledge. It also meant that creativity and ingenuity were stifled by a manager that suffocated his staff and intimidated anyone who disagreed with him.

Victoria knew that, although her task was done, Bob and Mike were having fits with the personnel side of the equation. The office director was a harsh task master, ruling his staff with an iron fist and constant criticism.

Bob was reading the last year's performance evaluations on several employees and not a single positive note was written about any employee. And worse, all the evaluations were done by the division manager instead of the direct supervisor. There was definitely a problem. Discovering that problem was the easy part. Resolving the issue was the hard part.

It was almost midnight when Thomas, Bob and Mike walked back into the conference room after meeting with the director for several hours. She could tell they were pretty disgusted and frustrated by the way the meetings were going. "Not good, huh?" she asked.

All three men shook their heads. "Not good at all," Bob said, dropping into the chair opposite Victoria. "Why does he act as if any stab at freedom of thought is a personal assault to his authority?"

Thomas shook his head and rubbed his forehead. He looked down at the floor, which naturally meant checking out Victoria's legs which were crossed and halfway out from the conference room table.

He quickly looked away, but something caught his eye and he glanced back. "Dammit!" he said and stood up to look out the darkened windows.

Thomas could see their expressions reflected in the window. He noticed the three of them raise their eyebrows at his outburst but he couldn't help it. If only he hadn't glanced down at her legs. Why couldn't he break this obsession he had with her legs? Hell, he admitted to himself, he had an obsession with her whole body.

Victoria was wearing an ankle bracelet. It was demurely under her stockings but he could see it plainly enough He could also see the worried look on her face although she tried to hide it. It warmed a place deep inside him to know that she felt something for him, even if it was only concern for his erratic behavior.

Clearing his mind, he turned back to everyone and looked at his calendar. "Okay, we have three more days here and we have a major issue. What are the goals for retention and what plans do we need to put into place to get there?" he asked to the group, starting the daily brainstorming meeting.

They talked for several hours and came up with a draft plan for the office. By one o'clock in the morning, Thomas said it was time to pack things up.

"Hey, boss. Isn't the company party this Saturday night?"

Thomas stared blankly at Bob for a moment. He'd had another flash of Victoria's legs as she shut down her computer and stood up. He couldn't follow along with the conversation. "Excuse me?" he asked.

Bob repeated his question and Thomas looked down at his calendar. "Oh, yeah.," he said, punching some keys on his computer to bring up the next week's schedule. "We'll all be able to make it."

"What's going on?" Victoria asked, not having this event on her calendar or having heard about it before.

Mike smiled evilly as he explained, "It's the one night a year where the boss has to take us back to DC and hang out with us without giving us orders."

"I'll be giving out everyone's assignments for the next month this coming Saturday night," Thomas joked.

"I'll bring my notebook," Bob fired back, winking at Victoria.

Thomas turned to Victoria. "It's the annual ATI ball. The attire is black tie. You probably got an invitation in the mail but haven't had a chance to sort it out from your bills yet. I should have mentioned it sooner but it slipped my mind," he grimaced.

Victoria nodded her head as she put her computer and her notes into her bag. But her mind was spinning. She had to go to a formal ball in six days time? How in the world was she going to find a dress in time for something that formal?

The next morning, she called Laci and talked to her for a little while. Once the pleasantries were over, she casually asked her sister for a favor. "Laci, do you have a little time this week to do me a huge favor?"

"Sure! I don't have any papers or exams. What's up?"

"Well, there's this party Saturday night. I need a formal dress but I don't know if I'll have any time to go shopping. Do you have anything I can borrow? Or would you be able to pick up something for me?"

Laci chuckled. "Let me get this straight. You're so desperate for something nice to wear around Mr. Hunk that you are willing to trust your baby sister to hunt out an appropriately demure dress for you to wear?"

"That about sums it up," Victoria said, cringing at the idea. Laci and Victoria had completely opposite taste in clothes. Victoria was more sedate whereas Laci liked the strong, vibrant colors and more daring cuts. "Would you try? And not be offended if I need to go out on Saturday to get something different?"

"I'll be happy to go on a shopping spree. I'll even get several dresses for you to try on. When's the party and when are you coming home?"

Victoria reviewed her day timer, running a tapered fingernail down through the rest of the week. "We're scheduled to fly in early Friday evening, but from the way things are going, I'd venture that it's probably going to be late that night. Could we meet for a late breakfast Saturday? Then I'll treat you to a day at the spa for your efforts - as long as you get something I can wear in public," Victoria warned.

Laci laughed at the suspicion in her sister's voice. "I promise not to let you down."

Victoria hung up with her and called Barry. He wasn't home but she left a message for him letting him know that she'd be home and asking if he would be able to accompany her to the Saturday night event. She knew he owned a tuxedo so she wasn't worried on that front. But she also knew he didn't like staying home on Friday or Saturday night so he might already have plans. Victoria hated the idea of going to something like a formal event alone. She made the decision that if Barry was already engaged with another event, she would just make an appearance, then disappear.

She had been right in anticipating a late departure on Friday night. They didn't finish up in San Francisco until ten o'clock at night which meant a late flight back to Washington, D.C. She entered her apartment around four in the morning, then fell into bed.

Her phone started ringing at eleven o'clock the next morning. "Hello?" she answered the phone drowsily.

"Victoria?" Laci's voice answered. "Are you ready?"

Victoria sat up in bed and pushed her hair out of her face. "I guess so," she answered, yawning. "Come on over and let me see what you've got," she said.

"I'm downstairs," her sister said. "I'll be up in two minutes."

Victoria smiled at her sister's enthusiasm. And sure enough, two minutes later, Laci burst into the room with an armful of shopping bags.

"Good grief," Victoria said, amazed at the amount of stuff Laci had brought.

"Well, I wasn't sure what you might like since we're so different in our clothing taste. So I went a little wild."

As Laci started pulling out the dresses from the various shops she'd attached, Victoria had to admit that she was impressed. Laci had done a great job, Victoria thought as Laci pulled out one dress after another that would be perfect for the night. Not too loud but colorful and elegant. "I think this one will do the trick," Victoria said, holding up a simple black dress with cap sleeves and a beaded collar that showed off her neck but nothing else.

Laci shrugged. "I got that one because I thought you'd like it. But I think you'd look even better in this one," Laci said and pulled out the last dress. It was made entirely of rose satin with a rounded neckline and spaghetti straps. There was a matching shawl of rose georgette that would drape around her shoulders. The rose satin glowed as it shimmered along Laci's arms, eventually falling to the floor.

Victoria fell in love with the dress and immediately started imagining Thomas's reaction to her in it. As soon as she realized what she was doing, she corrected herself and thought of Barry. "Oh, Laci! This is beautiful. Where did you find it?" Victoria laughed and held the dress up to her so she could see her reflection in the mirror.

"I found it at a small store in Alexandria and I knew you'd love it. I'll take back the rest of these."

Victoria looked at the way the dress made her look in the mirror and hesitated. "Do you think it's too feminine?" The material might cling to her figure a little too much. "Or maybe a little too risque?" she asked, biting her lower lip as she moved slightly.

Laci's mouth thinned out. "You're kidding, right?"

"Why?"

Laci considered how much she should say. After a moment's hesitation, she dove into her observations. "Well, it's just that you're going to be with Barry, a guy you profess to love enough to commit the rest of your life to. And from what I've seen, you'll be having a romantic evening dining and dancing and all dressed up. You only need to say hello to Mr. Hunk, then walk away with him staring after you jealously because you're so beautiful and you're on the arm of another man and he hasn't done anything to change that."

"Laci, he can't change that nor would the thought ever occur to him to do anything to break up me and Barry. He can't change the fact that I'm committed to marrying another man. Besides, he's my boss. We can't get involved," Victoria emphasized. But she kept staring at her reflection in the mirror in the rose colored dress. "You know the rules about office romances. They never work out. Besides, he'll probably be with his girlfriend." Just saying those words shot a spark of jealousy into Victoria's heart.

"Even better," Laci said, getting into her romantic scenario. "She'll see you and realize there's no way she can compete with you and will give up Mr. Hunk and give you free reign."

Victoria laughed, wishing the scene would enfold in that way. "You're too much of a romantic to be a lawyer. You know that, don't you?"

Laci sighed. "Yes. I'm too idealistic, too old-fashioned, yeah. I know the speal," Laci said, frowning. She flopped down on the bed, her long, curly brown hair pooling in a large, glossy pile behind her.

Victoria turned away from the mirror to look at her sister. "What's going on?" she asked, putting the dress on the side of the bed and taking a seat in front of Laci.

Laci shrugged. "Nothing," she said, but wouldn't look Victoria in the eye.

Sitting down beside her sister on the bed, she looked at Laci's long face. "Laci, what's wrong?" Victoria repeated patiently.

Laci forced a smile and looked up with a falsely bright smile. "Nothing, really."

Victoria leaned back on her hands and watched her younger sister. "Okay, if you won't tell me, I'll call mom and she'll drag it out of you," Victoria said and leaned over, reaching for the phone.

"Okay, okay," Laci said, putting her hand over Victoria's on the receiver. "Todd broke up with me. No big deal, it was ending anyway." Laci covered her sadness with another bright smile, but it came across to her all-knowing, big sister as brittle and false.

Victoria nodded, suspecting Laci's was going to say that. "But you weren't really into him were you? Last time we talked, you said he was getting a little too arrogant for your tastes."

Laci shrugged and started putting dresses back in their bags so she could return them. "It wasn't that we broke up. It was the things he said while we were fighting the last time."

"What did he say? That you were uptight and old-fashioned?"

Laci nodded, her smile faltering. "Something like that."

Victoria didn't say anything else as she waited for her sister to continue.

After a few minutes, Laci's shoulders drooped and she ignored the last of the dresses, leaving them to drape over the furniture in Victoria's room. "Am I really that strange? I just don't feel that way for him. It seems that everyone else around me has a significant other that they can't seem to live without. Even you now."

"I can live without Barry, obviously. I've been living without him for several months. Even before I started this job, we lived separate lives. It gives us something to share when we go out to dinner, something to talk about."

Laci's eyes twinkled for a moment, amused at her sister's own ability to ignore the reality of her feelings for her boss. "I'm not talking about Barry." But before Victoria could argue, she went on, "I just think there needs to be something more than mild interest before two people commit their lives to one another."

"Did Todd propose?"

Laci laughed. "No way. He just wanted to move in together."

"Ah!" Victoria said. She was starting to understand. Quietly, she said, "So you haven't met anyone who turns your belly to butterflies and makes you distracted enough that you can't work or study, you don't stay awake nights staring at the ceiling and wondering what he's doing. Is that an accurate assessment of your feelings?"

Laci raised one eyebrow at her sister. "That's pretty much sums it up. I'm guessing you know that feeling since you are able to describe it so well."

Victoria shrugged.

"Just tell me it wasn't Barry that generates those feelings for you," Laci pleaded, sitting up slightly from her reclining position.

Victoria couldn't hold Laci's gaze so she stood up and picked up the dress again. "Barry is very nice. I don't know what you have against him."

"The fact that he likes working more than he likes you is one of my major issues against him. You deserve a man who is chomping at the bit to get home to you. Do you ever sense that Barry is willing to dump a case he's working on so he can rush to meet you somewhere for a date? Even a spur of the moment meeting?" Laci paused to let her words sink into Victoria's mind.

When Victoria was silent, Laci continued, "There's also the fact that he has stood you up on more than one occasion with suspicious excuses. I'm not going into details on that one but suffice it to say that a neighbor's sick dog is a little sketchy. I also don't like the way he drinks when he's at a function with you in a professional capacity. No, I'm not particularly fond of him," Laci said, plucking a pillow off of the top of Victoria's bed and hugging it to her stomach. "But I don't dislike him because of those reasons. I don't trust him because of the afore mentioned list," she said, her lawyer's tone coming out. "If you loved him, I'd embrace him simply because he makes you happy. The reason I don't like him and don't accept him as your main squeeze is because he doesn't create those feelings you just mentioned in you." Laci smiled slyly. "I'll bet Mr. Hunk does, though."

Victoria rolled her eyes but refused to appease Laci's curiosity. "We need to get going or we'll be late for our appointment at the spa," she said and hung her new dress up in the closet. Grabbing Laci's hands, she pulled her to her feet. "And you'll find him. I'm sure of it."

They spent the afternoon getting manicures, pedicures, facials and both received a massage. Victoria had her hair pulled up into a French twist, held in place by small pearl pins.

By the time Barry picked her up at seven that evening, she felt like a new woman. The expression in Barry's eyes when he initially saw her was gratifying.

"Wow! You look fantastic," he said. "This must be a pretty amazing shin dig for you to get all gussied up for it."

"I've gotten dressed up for several of your company functions," she said, maintaining her smile despite his whiny tone of voice. "You look very handsome in your tuxedo, by the way," she said before he could comment further about her dress.

Generally, Barry was a very nice man. Unfortunately, if he felt slighted in any way, or threatened, he became belligerent and obnoxious. It wasn't a pretty picture. And not a very good scenario for an up and coming lawyer in the Washington, D.C. circles. Victoria hoped tonight wouldn't be one of those nights. She'd only been with ATI and Thomas's team for five months and she still felt like she was new. She hoped Barry wouldn't embarrass her during the evening.

Victoria wanted the night to go smoothly. If Barry started drinking, she knew he had a tendency to get ugly. When they were almost there, Victoria turned to Barry, her eyes pleading. "I hope you don't take this the wrong way, but...this is a very important night for me. I was hoping you could hold off on drinking, at least until a little later in the evening. I have to socialize a little with my team but once that's done, we can mingle and have a little more space. Would you do that for me tonight?"

She could tell from the way his lips thinned that he had definitely taken her comment the wrong way. His sarcastic tone confirmed her suspicions. "Ah, so you think I'm going to get drunk tonight, huh?"

"Barry, please don't do this," she begged, hearing the antagonistic tone bubbling up in him.

"I don't know what you're talking about, doll. I'm always on my best behavior."

Victoria wasn't convinced. "So you'll hold off on drinking for a little while?"

"Listen, Vicky. I can hold my alcohol. Don't worry about it." He chucked her on the chin in what he probably thought was a playful gesture but it was hard enough to push Victoria's face away. She bit her tongue about the movement, not wanting to start a fight only moments before they entered the party.

They pulled into the parking lot at that moment so there wasn't any more time to discuss the issue of his drinking or his temper. Victoria just had to put her trust in him and hope for the best.

The hotel where the party was being held was beautifully decorated and everyone was in their most glamorous dresses. Some of the women were dressed in all out ball gowns. Others, like Victoria were in formal gowns. Almost every man wore a tuxedo and it seemed that everyone already had a glass of champagne in their hands. The laughter from the crowd was bubbling up from every corner and Victoria tried to lose her nervousness. This was a party, not a test, she reminded herself. She was supposed to have a good time.

She knew it was going to be a tough night when Barry immediately took her to one of several open bars in the ballroom and ordered scotch. Victoria requested champagne and was sipping the bubbly liquid when Bob, Mike and Thomas found her.

"You made it!" Bob said and his eyes showed his appreciation for her appearance.

"And how!" Mike added, whistling as he took her hand and spun her around so he could check out her dress. "Nice rags, lovely lady," he said and released her hand, but his eyes still admired her in the rose colored dress.

Victoria laughed, grateful for their praise. She didn't want to analyze why their comments made her feel good whereas Barry's initial reaction engendered only marginal emotions. She kept her eyes away from the man that she wanted to see the most. Thomas was standing out of the corner of her eye and for some reason, he looked angry although she couldn't imagine why.

"What do you think, Thomas?" Mike asked, turning to their boss who was standing a little bit back from the group. "A little different from her normal business suits, huh?"

Thomas slowly looked her up and down, the appreciation evident in his look. "Definitely lovely," he said quietly.

Victoria couldn't help the flush of happiness that overcame her with his comment. And she realized that she had been anticipating his reaction ever since Laci pulled the beautifully feminine dress out of the bag. "Thank you," she said softly, looking away quickly so he wouldn't see how much his comment meant to her.

"I'm Barry Rogers," Barry said, putting one arm around Victoria's waist and sticking the other hand out to shake Thomas's. Although the gestures were correct, there seemed to be an underlying threat communicated between the two men. Victoria was initially amazed that Barry had picked out the one man who might be a threat to Victoria's loyalty to him. But then Victoria took a good look at Thomas in his tuxedo and changed her mind. There was no question about who Victoria would choose among the three men, she thought. Thomas in a tuxedo was stunning. He looked suave and more debonaire than James Bond could possibly hope to appear. He literally took her breath away.

Thomas hesitated for only a moment before taking the offered handshake. "Good to meet you," he said. "Thomas Attracelli. Thanks for giving up your fiance for so many weeks at a time. She's a great asset to the team," he said, looking down at Barry.

Barry stiffened slightly at the mention of fiance so Victoria quickly stepped in. "I've told him nothing has been formalized," to Barry. Her words seemed to make him relax but there was still a wariness about him.

"She has," Thomas reiterated. "Several times. I just don't seem to be able to grasp how a man could leave her to travel the world without that kind of commitment. She's a beautiful woman. I'd be afraid someone would steal her away while you were waiting to pop the question."

"Victoria and I have an understanding," Barry said. "We'll get married. It's just a matter of time and opportunity."

Bob laughed. "Man, you might want to make the time and create the opportunity," and walked towards the bar.

Mike looked between the three other members of the group and knew that something was going on. "Victoria, you really look lovely. Can you believe we've gotten two weekends off in one month? Thomas must be getting old," he joked, punching Thomas's arm.

Thomas ignored Mike and he didn't take his eyes off Barry, sizing up the man and adding to the tension in the group. Victoria didn't know how to handle that and didn't understand the dynamics that were happening.

"I think I'd like to dance," Victoria said, turning to Barry.

Barry looked down at her and shook his head. "I think we should eat something first."

Victoria tried to hide her disappointment but Mike immediately caught on to it. He turned to Barry and suggested, "Why don't you get dinner for the two of you and I'll dance with Victoria." Mike's diplomacy was amazing, Victoria thought.

Without waiting for an answer, he handed his drink to Barry, then took Victoria's out of her hand and handed it to Barry as well, who took it without realizing what was happening.

"Come on, let's trip the lights fantastic," Mike said to Victoria, grabbing her hand and pulling her out onto the dance floor where a loud swing song was in progress.

Victoria loved to dance and she was grateful to Mike for taking her out of the odd situation back there. She glanced at Barry once and noticed that he was moving off towards an empty table near the wall. She was glad that he was retreating from the group but thought it was unfortunate that he hadn't liked her co-workers.

Well, in reality, he hadn't even noticed Mike or Bob, understanding somehow that Thomas was the real threat. Victoria shook her head, admonishing herself for even thinking like that. Thomas was no threat to Barry. Thomas was only her boss and nothing would come of her silly infatuation with him, she reminded herself.

"He feels it too," Mike said.

Victoria turned back to face him, guilty of ignoring him while she watched Thomas and Bob laugh about something. Now that Barry was out of their immediate area, the two seemed to have visibly relaxed. "I'm sorry?" she said, turning to Mike who was staring down at her.

Mike shook his head, a smile on his face. "You can hide it from Bob and Thomas, but don't try to hide it from me," Mike said, twirling her under his arm.

Victoria stumbled slightly, then caught herself just in time. "What do you mean? What am I trying to hide?"

"You're interest in Thomas."

Victoria blushed. "I'm not interested in him in any way other than as my boss."

Mike let out an inelegant snort. "Sure," he said, nodding but his look told her he knew she was lying.

"I'm with Barry."

"You're physically with Barry. But you're emotionally with Thomas."

"No. He's my boss. I don't think of him in any other way. Why don't you and Bob have dates? It seems like you two are always out scouring the bars and clubs for women."

Mike shook his head but followed her conversational lead, understanding that she needed to change the subject. "We decided to be gentlemen tonight."

Victoria laughed. "You mean you couldn't find dates."

Mike nodded sheepishly. "That about sums it up."

"Well, there appear to be many damsels here tonight. Why are you dancing with me?

"Because you really are the most beautiful woman here tonight."

Victoria rolled her eyes.

"Ok, well maybe both Bob and I are waiting for Antonia to show up and realize how wonderful one of us is and hope we can sweep her off her feet."

Victoria laughed, despite the dull ache that formed in the pit of her stomach. "Isn't that a bit dicey?"

"Because of her relationship with the boss?"

Victoria nodded, not liking that statement.

"I guess so. But she's worth it," he leered, wriggling his eyebrows.

"I'm going to tell Thomas if you don't act like a gentleman."

Mike threw back his head and laughed. "Don't worry. There's no way we'd be anything else around Antonia. We know that our lives would be in danger if we acted otherwise. Besides, she's a lady and wouldn't accept anything less."

Victoria didn't want to hear about the other woman. She hated her already, despite the fact that she'd never met her. She didn't have a witty reply to Mike's comment so she just danced.

The song ended and they made their way towards the table where Thomas and Mike were sitting with several other men Victoria didn't know.

Thomas stood up as she approached, as did the other gentlemen at the table, including Bob which almost made Victoria laugh since the man rarely treated her with anything other than sisterly affection.

"Victoria, I'd like to introduce you to my brothers," Thomas said. The first man, who was just as tall as Thomas, extended his hand and raised hers to his lips. "This is my oldest brother, Salvatore Attracelli," Thomas said.

"It's a pleasure to meet you," Victoria replied, embarrassed by the handsome man's attention.

"The one over there is Guiseppe, we call him Gus. The others are Michael and Carlo. Both of whom are reprehensible womanizers so stay away from all of them."

"It's nice to meet all of you."

Carlo immediately pulled out a chair for her to sit in. Once she was seated, the five men, Thomas's brothers as well as Mike and Bob sat down as well. Mike and Bob asked the question at the same time, "Where's Antonia?"

Thomas scowled at them. "Down, boys. She's sick and won't be here tonight."

Their crestfallen expressions made Victoria smother a laugh. But she knew what would come next. "Well, in that case, I think I'll go find a drink," Mike said. Bob quickly followed his lead.

Carlo laughed. "Not very good about hiding their feelings, are they?" he said to the table in general once the two younger men had departed.

Victoria shook her head. "I can't imagine what Thomas thinks of them."

"Oh, it's almost a game by now,' Gus said and grabbed another glass of champagne for Victoria. "And just ignore Sal's scowling after Mike and Bob. He tries to intimidate everyone since he's the boss of the company. But we all know he's a softy," he said, winking at the tall, elegant man sitting two seats away from Victoria.

Sal laughed then smiled at Victoria. "Don't listen to them. I am terrifying." Everyone at the table laughed and that's when Barry walked up to the table.

"What's going on?" he said and sat down in the only empty chair, which happened to be a few seats away from Victoria. "I think we need to leave, Victoria," he said, rubbing his forehead.

She could tell by the defensive way he was sitting that he felt outclassed. And he was right. Barry in a tuxedo couldn't compare to these five, amazingly attractive and obviously fit men. He was at least a head shorter than all of them and his tuxedo was filled out with padding. Whereas, the men sitting around the table all had broad shoulders and appeared very muscular.

Victoria eyed him carefully. She estimated that he'd already had several drinks and was heading towards trouble. She sighed and started to stand up, ready to move him out of the party. But a gentle hand on her arm stopped her. "Would you dance with me?" Thomas asked, already standing and taking her hand in his strong one.

"Victoria," Barry started, only to be interrupted by Carlo, who patted him on the shoulder and engaged him in conversation.

Thomas led her onto the dance floor and, thankfully, they were swallowed up by the large crowd already dancing.

"Thank you," she said, staring at the buttons on his shirt.

"For what?" he asked.

"For rescuing me from an obviously irate boyfriend," she replied and glanced back to the table, only to be spun around so she was facing the opposite direction. She smiled, "Is he doing something else to embarrass me?"

"No, but when you're dancing with me, I don't want you thinking about another man, regardless of the circumstances."

Victoria loved the way he danced. He was so smooth and elegant. She felt like she was gliding across the floor. He knew exactly how to spin her and move her. Following his lead was easy and she never bumped into anyone else on the floor. Automatically, she compared dancing with Thomas to dancing with Barry and, except for the fact that there was music, there was no comparison. Barry was hesitant and only knew a few moves, enough to think he was able to impress the other dancers. Whereas Thomas didn't seem to care if anyone was watching him. He was there to dance, not to impress anyone else. The difference was dramatic.

She looked at her hand in his and started shaking. His large hand seemed to swallow her smaller one. He was so strong and handsome! She worried that he would notice her shaking and forced herself to talk to him. "So those are all your brothers?"

Thomas was looking down at her with an odd expression in his eyes. He nodded in response to her question.

"It must have been a busy house while you were growing up," she said, unable to hold his gaze.

"It got a little crazy at times."

"They seem very nice."

"They are, at times," he replied, pulling her imperceptibly closer. "Tonight, they are on their best behavior." The music was quick and he had a hard time concentrating on the steps when she looked up at him. And boy did he love her dress. He thought about how angry he was when he'd first seen her with that obnoxious man's hands on her. Thomas had wanted to smash her boyfriend's face in right in the middle of the party. He didn't think that would be a very good role model, him being a senior vice president and all.

But now Victoria was in his arms, if only for a few more minutes. And she felt wonderful, he thought as he slid his hand slightly against the satin of her gown. It was almost as if he were touching her in a satin nightgown, he thought. He had to tamp down on that idea and the images it conjured up when his body reacted instantly to the image.

He needed to get hold of himself. She was a committed woman with a very jealous boyfriend, if the man getting drunk on the opposite side of the ballroom was any indication.

But he couldn't get his arms to obey his mind and step back from the beauty in his arms. He'd imagined her like this so many times. Hell, he took every opportunity to touch her even if it was only a casual touch in the office. He felt like a letch at times, touching her as he leaned over a file folder or in the elevators, on the plane. Any excuse to get near her and touch her satiny smooth skin was good enough for him. If that was all he was able to get, he was going to touch her as often as possible.

Victoria controlled a shiver when she felt his hand move on her back. She loved being in his arms but she knew it was a forbidden pleasure. She was definitely playing with fire.

She almost groaned when the music slowed and Thomas pulled her closer. As they moved, she could feel his legs against hers, his hand firmly against the small of her back and she looked up, wondering if he was feeling the same things.

The heat in his eyes made her breath catch in her throat. She missed a step but he caught her, bringing her closer to his tall frame. Victoria felt cherished and very beautiful, just because of his look.

They swayed to the music, feeling the beat pulse all around them. She looked to the side, afraid that he would realize how much she wanted him if she didn't. But when she turned her head, she closed her eyes, letting him guide her while her mind flew off to a fantasy all her own, where he felt the same way she did. There were no girlfriends or boyfriends to consider and their professional relationship was not a reality that would hinder anything.

Thomas looked down at the top of Victoria's head and wondered about the look she'd just given him. Could she possibly be feeling the same way he was? He felt her shiver and pulled her closer, feeling her breasts brush slightly over his chest. He decided to test his theory and moved her to one side slightly, allowing him to see her face better.

He was right! Her cheeks were slightly more pink and her eyes were closed. When he moved his arm more securely around her, he watched her mouth open slightly. Interesting. The more they danced, the more confident he was that she could feel every electric pulse going between them. Again, his body reacted to the knowledge and he had to remind himself of his mother's instructions on being a gentleman.

If it were up to him, he'd grab her hand right now and drag her from the dance floor, pull her behind the stage where the musicians were playing and kiss her senseless. But that wouldn't be the wisest thing to do, he thought. Especially since he was still her boss and she was still practically engaged to someone else, regardless of the fact that the man was a drunken ass.

The music ended and Thomas took her hand and placed it over his arm as he walked her back to their table. After holding her chair, he quickly stepped away. "Can I get you anything to drink?" he asked.

"I'll have..." she started, then noticed Barry's furious expression. "I think I'll pass," she said. As soon as he walked away to get the other's requests, she stood up and moved over to Barry.

"Would you like to leave?' she whispered into his ear.

"Hell, yes," he said and immediately took her hand and dragged her towards the doorway.

Victoria hadn't realized how drunk he was until he breathed in her face. He was completely inebriated. Now he was going to try and drive her home and the thought terrified her.

"Barry, wait. I don't think that's a very good idea. Have you eaten anything tonight?" Victoria said, skipping to keep up with his angry strides.

She tried to pull her hand out of his but he grabbed her again and pulled her to the door. "Come on, we're getting the hell out of here. This whole evening was a complete waste of my time."

"Barry, please," she whispered, "you're drunk. Let's get a cab home." She didn't want to make a scene, but Barry was really scaring her now.

He managed to drag her all the way to the lobby before five tall, strong men surrounded them. "I don't think that would be a very good idea," Sal said and took the lead in front of the doorway.

"Get out of my way," Barry said belligerently but realized that he was definitely outnumbered.

Victoria looked around and found Thomas, relieved to have him step in. This was a scary situation and she didn't know how to handle Barry when he was this drunk. She tried to hide her concern over Barry's inebriated state when she saw the look of fury on Thomas's face.

"Barry, please, let's catch a cab?" she said.

Barry turned to her and she could tell that she had only made things worse. "Shut up," he said and tried to yank her between two tall bodies.

"I don't think I can let Victoria leave with you. She's an ATI employee and we have a strict policy against drinking and driving," Thomas said, his face hard and determined.

'Victoria, tell them to leave us alone," Barry slurred.

"No. I won't do that. They are right. You are completely drunk and making a scene. Please let one of the hotel staff call us a cab."

Barry turned to her and rolled his eyes. "Fine. But you're coming back here to get my car tomorrow."

"Fine," she said, letting the air out of her lungs.

"No need to call a cab. We have a limousine waiting outside that will bring you home." Sal offered.

Victoria's relief was swift. She smiled her thanks to the man standing between them and the door. "That's very generous, but we'll be fine in a cab. I appreciate the offer though." She cringed only slightly when Barry crushed her fingers in his grip. He was trying to hurt her.

"Actually, there's every need," Thomas interrupted. "In fact, I'll see you home in my car," he said and put a hand in the small of her back to guide her out of the way.

Barry instantly released her hand, knowing he was no match against the five of them. Victoria was relieved and surprised that he'd given in so quickly, but wasn't going to question good fate. She immediately moved closer to Thomas.

She looked back, about to offer to pay for the cab ride for Barry, but he was already being put into the back of a shining limousine.

"Thanks," Thomas said, waiving to his brothers who were forming a line of smiling, tall men.

They were out in the parking lot a moment later and Victoria pulled her shawl closer around her. Thomas noticed and immediately took off his tuxedo jacket and draped it over her shoulders.

"Thank you," Victoria whispered. She stepped into a black BMW and Thomas closed the door for her after placing the rest of her dress carefully inside the car.

"I'm sorry for that nasty scene back there," Victoria said as soon as he got into the driver's seat.

"Why were you leaving with him in the first place? Didn't you realize he was drunk?"

Victoria sighed. "Yes. And I would have gotten the keys away from him somehow," she said.

Thomas looked at her with one raised brow. "How would you have accomplished that?" he asked, turning out of the parking lot and heading in the direction of her apartment.

"I don't know. Barry's not usually like that. In fact, I've never seen him so drunk before."

Thomas didn't respond but smoothly changed lanes to enter the highway..

"Well, he drinks a lot," she relented. "But really, he doesn't drink to excess like that. I've seen him obnoxious, but not to the point of doing something illegal like driving under the influence. Barry would never willingly do anything to jeopardize his career. He's a lawyer, you know," she said lamely.

"Is he any good?" Thomas asked.

Victoria shrugged her shoulders slightly. "I don't know. I've never had a need for a lawyer."

After a moment, Thomas said, "That's an interesting answer." He was thinking back to their dance and her response to his touch.

He dropped her off at her apartment building, walking her all the way to her door and unlocking the door for her.

Victoria stood in her open doorway, unsure what to say. "Thank you for your help tonight. And I'm sorry you had to leave your company party."

"It's your company too."

Victoria laughed self-conciously. "Not like it is your company. I mean, you really own it, don't you?"

Thomas's expression was blank. "I own stock in it," he replied.

"Yes, well, I'm sorry. But grateful. I'll talk to Barry tomorrow and hopefully he'll call and apologize. He really is a nice guy, once you get to know him."

"I don't think I'll have that pleasure," Thomas said. "Get some sleep and enjoy the rest of the weekend. We leave early Monday morning," he said.

Victoria nodded. "I will. I'll see you Monday, then," she said and walked into her apartment, quietly closing the door behind her.

She took off her dress and carefully hung it in her closet. While she prepared for bed, she thought back to what it felt like to be in Thomas's arms and her body heated at just the idea.

Laying in bed that night, she stared up at the ceiling, wondering what it would be like to attend that kind of function as Thomas's date. And to leave with him, knowing that they would fall into bed together at the end of the evening.

Victoria sighed and rolled over, forcing her eyes to close and her mind to stop thinking along those lines. She went over what she would say to Barry on Sunday. Unfortunately, her mind drifted back to thoughts of Thomas and not Barry. When she finally fell asleep hours later, it was Thomas who infiltrated her dreams and they danced together on a cloud, drifting high over the city, unaware of anyone else as they touched and danced.

The phone rang around ten o'clock on Sunday morning. Victoria had just finished the newspaper and was on her second cup of coffee. She assumed it was Laci calling to get the scoop on the previous night so she answered it quickly.

"I wanted to make sure you were okay," Thomas's deep voice came through the phone lines.

Victoria knew he only called as a professional courtesy, but she liked his concern regardless. "Yes, thank you very much for the ride home."

"Glad to do it," he said. "Are you ready for work tomorrow? It's not going to be a difficult schedule for a few more months," he said.

Victoria laughed. "You mean we only work twelve or fourteen hour days instead of eighteen?"

Thomas chuckled. "Well, you might get away with only fourteen hours if I'm in a good mood and you behave," he teased.

Victoria wanted to know what he considered behaving but didn't have the courage to ask. Instead she said, "Good to know. By the way, how did you know where I lived?"

There was a pause. Thomas wanted to say that he knew a lot about her. For instance, he knew that she liked cream and lots of sugar in her coffee. He knew that she needed two cups of coffee before she really got going in the morning and that nine o'clock was her ideal hour to wake up even though she was dealing with the early seven am work starts the team preferred. She read sports instead of fashion magazines, and she flipped through the ads with irritation. She tapped her pencil slowly when she was concentrating and quickly when she was angry and that she wore sexy lingerie under her business suits that drove him nuts. But he simply replied, "Employee file," and left it at that.

"Ah!" was her only reply.

"Well, I'll see you early tomorrow," Thomas said, knowing he didn't have any other reason to talk to her.

By the end of the sixth month, she needed a break. Not from the work but from the boredom in the evenings. The team had been to three cities with easy audits where they finished ahead of schedule. The agenda seemed to be easing up a bit and they were all able to head back to the hotel each night around seven o'clock instead of the normal nine or ten. This meant that she was on her own each night with nothing to do.

By the third night of the early work stops, Victoria needed a break from reading magazines alone in her room. So she put on her bathing suit and decided to go for a swim in the hotel pool. Thomas said they might have a long weekend coming up and she considered staying on in Tulsa and meeting up with the team when they arrived in Denver the following week. The weather was hot but the air was less humid than it would be in Washington, D.C. in August.

Victoria thought about the pros of not going back to Washington, D.C. this time. She wouldn't know if Thomas was meeting up with his mysterious Antonia that both Bob and Mike were infatuated with and she wouldn't need to tell the obnoxious Barry that she was home and spend another awkward night with him. She'd missed Laci but maybe there was some way she could fly her sister out here for the weekend and they could go shopping and see the sights. Victoria hadn't had much time to spend any money in the past four months so her bank account was looking very good lately. It was time to treat herself to some little luxuries.

She was swimming along the water and making plans, hoping things would work out and wondering if Laci had any exams this week. Because her mind was occupied with other things, she didn't hear the splash or notice the other swimmer until it was too late.

"Oh, I'm sorry," she said as she swam right into another body.

The muscular body sputtered for a moment then stood up, but Victoria was so astonished to find out it was Thomas, she slipped on the pool's bottom and almost slid under the water.

"Hold up," Thomas said and pulled her up against him and out of the water so she could catch her breath.

Victoria pushed the wet hair out of her face and caught her breath. "I'm so sorry, I didn't see you," she gasped.

"Thinking about seeing Barry this weekend?" Thomas had meant it to be a joke, but it came out sounding like an accusation.

Victoria shook her head, intensely aware of the feeling of their nearly naked bodies touching, moving gently with the waves in the pool. "No." It was late in the evening, almost nine o'clock. Most of the other hotel guests were probably getting ready for bed so the pool area was completely empty except for the two of them.

"What were you thinking about then?"

"I'm...umm...I can't remember."

Thomas let her body slide down his so her feet were touching the floor of the pool. "Well, I'm glad." His voice was incredibly deep and incredibly sexy. He watched her eyes, noting the same reaction as the night of the party when he'd held her close. And sure enough, he suspected that she was feeling exactly the same sexual frustrations he was feeling.

"Why?" she asked breathlessly, her hands were resting accidentally on his muscular forearms, and she told herself to pull away, but her body wouldn't follow her mind's directions. Victoria's hands simply liked the feel of Thomas's arms.

Thomas shrugged his shoulders. He couldn't tell her he was glad that she wasn't thinking about Barry. Hell, he kept putting his room next to hers so he'd be near her. And that's all he would allow himself. He was her boss. And the last thing he wanted to do to her was put her in an awkward position. But each time he got close to her, smelled her soft perfume, touched her porcelain skin, he wanted more. And it was getting dangerous.

Even now, he knew he should step back and put some space between them. But he didn't. In fact, he pulled her slightly closer. "Why were you exercising so hard?" he asked.

Her body was perfect, he thought to himself. He wanted to touch every inch of her and find out if she was really as soft as she looked. Right now, his hands were around her waist and he was amazed at how tiny it was. His hands could almost span the width. And her bathing suit was driving him crazy. The black material clung to her figure, showing him that she was perfectly proportioned. He noticed her nipples tighten and that made him go a little nuts, knowing that she wanted exactly what he wanted.

"I..um...I wasn't really, just aimlessly swimming," she was finally able to get out.

"You're a good swimmer."

Victoria took a step back and forced herself to concentrate. "Thanks. I guess I should get out of your way and let you swim."

"Want to race?"

Victoria had put enough space between them so she was able to think a little more clearly. She laughed at his suggestion. "I don't think I'd stand a chance."

"You don't even know if I'm any good," he smiled charmingly. "I might just flop around in the water. We could put some money on it, make it more interesting," he challenged, pushing the water back and forth between them with his hands.

Victoria surveyed his firmly muscled stomach and obvious biceps. "Somehow, I don't think that would be a very safe bet."

Thomas swished the water around him as he walked towards her. "So you don't like to gamble, you don't like to race. Tell me something else about you."

Victoria moved backwards with each step he took towards her, enjoying the building tension but knowing she should end it immediately. It was wonderful to have such an attractive man flirt with her.

"Well, I like gardening."

"What about gardening do you like?"

"I like putting something in the ground, taking care of it and watching it flower."

"Ok. What else?"

Victoria looked up at the glass ceiling of the indoor pool and considered what other tid-bits she could disclose. "I don't really like beer," she whispered conspiratorially.

"I know that," he said, a smile forming on his face. "Tell me something I don't know about you."

"How do you know I don't like beer?"

Thomas chuckled softly. "I could see it in your expression a few months ago at Roxanne's before you took a sip. I was impressed that you persevered though."

Victoria laughed. "I thought I hid it well."

"Nope." He shook his head. "So you don't play poker well and you don't like beer."

"Who said I don't play poker well?" she asked, and her shoulders bumped up against the wall of the pool.

"Most of your thoughts are right on your face," he said and stopped a foot away from her.

"I'm not that transparent," she argued, her breath catching in her throat as he took a step closer.

"Yes you are," he said. "Right now, you're wondering what I'm going to do. You want me to kiss you but you know it wouldn't be a good idea."

"I don't want..."

"Don't lie," he interrupted her. "I can see it in your eyes. You can deny it all you want but the truth is there in your beautiful green eyes." He took another step closer. "You're lips can lie all they want, but your eyes tell me truths even you can't hide." His voice was husky, seductive.

Victoria's eyes widened and she tried to look away from the intensity of his expression. Unfortunately, she was drawn to him and couldn't do anything about it. And now he knew it.

"I know it isn't a good idea either," he continued. "But it's bound to happen sooner or later. I think we've both been wondering what it would be like. Why don't we get it out of our systems so we can concentrate on work?"

"That probably isn't a good idea."

Thomas tilted his head to the left slightly. "Do you deny it?"

"I..." Victoria tried, but knew she'd be lying and he'd know it. "No."

She could see the admiration in his eyes and it made her start shaking.

"Do you have a better idea?"

"Ignore it?" she suggested, here eyes wide with feigned hope.

Thomas shook his head. "We've been trying that for months. It hasn't worked. Any other ideas?"

Victoria could only shake her head as his body came into contact with hers again. She gasped as he took her hands and placed them on his shoulders. Then she waited in agony as his head slowly came down to meet hers.

His lips touched hers tentatively at first, then with passion as the electricity between them ignited into flames. Victoria's head fell backwards against his arm and she moved into the embrace, opening her mouth to his when his tongue requested entry.

Victoria had never before experienced the passion that flamed between them. She lost all sense of time and decorum. It was as if the world had stopped spinning and she was caught up in a heat that was out of control.

She moved closer, moving her arms up to wrap around his neck, her fingers fanning into the hair curling at the nape of his neck. And she couldn't get enough of him.

His hands were just as restless. They moved from her waist, to her back, then up into her hair, pulling the pony tail loose. He heard her groan and it only made him go a little more nuts, pulling her against his whole body, needing to feel her heat and know that she was as on fire as he was.

His lips moved away from her mouth and kissed his way to her ear, feeling as well as hearing her gasp as he took her earlobe between his teeth. She seemed to jump in his arms and he wouldn't let her down again, liking the feeling of her slim body being held in his arms even if the bouancy of the water was taking most of her weight.

He then moved from her ear down to her neck and got the same reaction and it quickly made him need another from her. The need to make her want him was an all consuming force within him now.

Laughter from another couple entering the pool was like a pail of cold water on the moment. Victoria jumped back, only to find her back already against the pool wall. She stepped out of his arms which were loose only because of his confusion.

"I'd better get out of here," she said and dove under the water, swimming all the way to the pool steps.

Thomas watched her lithe body as she stepped out of the pool and grabbed her towel. He couldn't leave himself, evidence of his arousal would be too obvious. So he simply enjoyed watching her walk out of the pool, satisfied with the knowledge that he'd affected her just as intensely as she'd affected him.

Once the door swung shut behind her, he turned and swam laps for over an hour, needing to exhaust himself in order to get any sleep that night.

A week later, they were in Annapolis, Maryland. It was another audit of one of the site offices so the work was not very intense. Despite the easy work load, Victoria threw herself into the work, trying to keep the memories of the kiss between herself and Thomas out of her mind. She made sure to not look Thomas in the eyes when he came into whatever offices they were working in and she only glanced at him when she was sure he wouldn't see her.

By Wednesday night, the team was finished with their work and all reports had been submitted. They were scheduled to leave for Connecticut the following morning. Thomas had left the hotel suite earlier, dressed in a tuxedo explaining that he had a business dinner to attend.

Since they were staying in a four room suite, with a large family room area in the middle, Mike and Bob were arguing good naturedly about what to do for the rest of the evening while Victoria read a magazine on the sofa, laughing occasionally at some of the suggestions coming from the two men.

"Okay, how about some poker?"

"Now you're talking!" Mike responded. "Victoria, come on over. We need a third person."

"No you don't," she said and turned the page. She remembered Thomas mentioning that she probably didn't play poker well and laughed. "I'm sure you two could lose your money to each other without my help."

"Ah, so you're not willing to risk your money to our superior intelligence, huh?" Mike challenged while Bob called down to the front desk for poker chips. "I guess I understand."

Victoria didn't rise to the challenge. She laughed, but continued reading her magazine.

The chips were delivered by a bellboy almost immediately and the game started. The two men sat down at the circular table that was set up just outside of the small kitchen area. Mike shuffled the cards and Bob cut the deck. Once Mike dealt the cards, they studied their cards intently, both throwing out insults to the other in an effort to fake the other one out. The comments were meant to rattle the other's confidence but they knew each other so well, neither broke. The two of them played together for fifteen minutes. Each time one had a winning hand, the other recognized the signs and folded. The game didn't move very quickly.

Victoria laughed and decided she needed to join in. "Okay, boys. You seem to be having too much fun and this magazine is a left wing propaganda rag. How about if you I join in and add a little challenge for the two of you."

"Come on over, my love, and learn the great art of poker," Mike replied, pushing out one of the chairs with his foot.

Victoria sat down at the table and was immediately handed the deck of cards. She smothered a smile when Mike automatically assumed she didn't know how to play poker. "Why don't you deal this time," Mike said and handed her the deck of cards.

Bob got a piece of paper and wrote down the possible winning hands according to the poker hierarchy. "Here you go princess," Bob said. "If you get any of these, you're the winner. Just so you know, the odds of getting the last one, a royal flush, is six hundred and fifty thousand to one, with no wild cards. But please feel free to shoot for it," he scoffed.

She put the list down on the right hand side. "Got it. What are we playing for? I'm not much of a gambler."

"How about a dollar a point?" Mike suggested.

"Sounds good to me," Bob agreed.

The two men looked at Victoria and she bit her lip for a moment. "I guess that's okay as long as you two won't mind if I bail out if I lose too much money."

"What do you consider too much?" Bob asked, waiving his hands towards the deck of cards she still hadn't touched.

"Hmm...probably anything over twenty dollars," she said and picked up the cards to start shuffling them.

"Deal," Mike said. "Now let's play. I need Victoria's twenty for tomorrow night. We'll be in Hartford and there's a great bar that serves incredible martinis to beautiful women."

Victoria laughed and dealt out five hands to the three of them. "Why do you think I'm going to lose?"

Bob rubbed his hands together. "Are you kidding?"

"I might be."

"Eh, beginner's luck will only take you so far," Mike replied.

An hour later, both Bob and Mike weren't laughing so much. It was Victoria's turn to deal again. She decided to ramp it up a bit since she was a hundred dollars up. "Let's stick with five card draw, Aces and twos are wild, one dollar ante."

Bob chuckled at her ease of the vernacular. "Mike, you realize she took us for suckers right?" he said as he viewed his cards.

Mike shook his head. "How were we to know?" he asked, picking up his own cards and putting them in order. "She certainly portrays the look of an innocent lady."

"We just assumed, my man," Bob joked. "Never assume with a woman. They will always sneak up and get ya from behind."

"I resent that, gentlemen. Just because I can calculate odds in my head does not mean that I suckered you into this game. Mike suggested the game. I just joined in once I realized I could beat you both so easily. But I'll agree that you both assumed I hadn't ever played poker."

"It's the suits," Bob said and Mike instantly nodded his agreement.

"What's wrong with my suits?" Victoria asked and handed Mike three replacement cards.

"Too feminine. You don't appear to be the kind of woman who would ever deign to play poker, much less be this good at it."

"Flattery will get you no where with me. Did you know that there are over two point six million possible hands in poker? And just to be exact, you're earlier statement about the possibility of a royal flush, is six hundred, forty nine thousand, seven hundred and forty to one, depending on what you consider a full deck and what cards are wild."

Bob and Mike looked at her as if she'd just spoken a different language.

She laughed at their stunned expression. "What's the ante?"

"What's going on?" Thomas said, walking up to their table directly behind Victoria.

"She's robbing us blind, boss man. Make her stop," Bob pleaded but tossed in his requisite one dollar ante.

"Hmm...sounds interesting. Please continue," Thomas said and pulled his tuxedo tie loose.

"Care to join us?" Mike offered.

"I'll join the next hand," he said and pulled off his tuxedo jacket to drape it over the back of the sofa. He headed to the kitchen and pulled a beer out of the refrigerator. "Anyone else need a beer while I'm up?" he asked.

Both Bob and Mike asked for another beer but Victoria was too flustered to answer. She had to concentrate on her hand, not sure how she was going to play it since Thomas had arrived.

A moment later, a glass of wine appeared by her elbow and Victoria was instantly aware of Thomas standing next to her. She was flattered that he knew her preferred drink. "Thank you," she said softly and took a grateful sip.

"No problem. I'm guessing from the large pile in front of you and the relatively small piles in front of Mike and Bob, that I need to get you liquored up in order to win this game."

She laughed and shook her head. "I'm sure you can hold your own in a game of cards with an innocent lady playing with you," she said and batted her eyes at Mike.

"We'll see," he said and waited while they finished their current hand.

A few minutes later, Mike groaned and tossed his cards down onto the table. "I fold."

It was down to Victoria and Bob. "No way, lady. I know you're bluffing this time. There's no way you have a good hand. The odds have to be against you at some point and I'm risking another dollar that this is the time." He tossed another dollar chip into the pot and raised her one dollar.

"Fine. I call," she said. "What are you holding?"

Bob chuckled. "Three of a kind, all jacks. Beat that!"

Victoria laid her cards down on the table. "Straight, queens high."

Bob could only laugh. Not only had she beaten him, she'd won the hand with a really good hand. "Okay, Thomas, teach her a lesson. Show her how it is done."

Thomas raised one eyebrow as he picked up the cards. "It seems to me that she's already shown both of you how it is done. I don't think I could teach her anything she doesn't already know." He knew he was going to join in the game. Victoria hadn't looked him in the eye since their kiss last week. He'd also felt her looking at him during the day. That feeling, and the fact that he'd seen plenty of blushes, kept him optimistic. Sitting down across from her, playing poker against her, he figured she'd eventually have to look at him. He wanted to see her warm, green gaze upon him.

Victoria laughed but was warmed by his praise.

"It's just because she's a math whiz," Mike said, shaking his head. "I can see now that I should have paid more attention in math class."

"I bet you failed out of Math. Too busy trying to get the girl," Bob joked.

Mike flashed his most charming smile as Thomas dealt the cards. "Well, that's why I'm so good at my job, huh Thomas? I pushed more in the human relations department."

"You mean female relations?" Victoria asked, picking up her cards.

"Absolutely," he leered.

Victoria laughed. "You're incorrigible."

"Wouldn't have me any other way, would you?" Mike said and punched her gently on the arm. "Three cards, boss man."

Thomas tossed him three cards and Mike two. Victoria took two as well. Thomas took only one replacement card and Victoria was intrigued.

"She's challenged, Mike!" Bob said, noting the interest on Victoria's face instantly. "Dare we assume that she might consider our illustrious leader a fitting partner to her superior skill?" Bob joked.

"We can only hope, my friend," Mike replied in mock seriousness.

They played in silence for a few minutes while they each considered their hands and guessed on their opponents' possible hands.

The ante was already in the pot. Mike was the first bidder and he raised by two dollars. Victoria accepted but didn't raise. Bob instantly accepted and increased it by another dollar. Thomas accepted and the bet was back to Mike. The betting went on for a few more minutes until both Mike and Bob folded. It was down to Victoria and Thomas and it was Victoria's bet.

She wanted to raise him. She had three jacks in her hand. Unfortunately, she couldn't look up at him in order to evaluate his strategy. Each time she looked up, he was staring right at her.

"Fold," she finally said.

"Oh no!" from Mike.

"Cha ching!" from Bob.

Thomas pulled the fifteen dollars in chips closer to him.

After another twenty minutes of playing, Victoria was disgusted with herself. She had to grab her courage and start playing like a real woman, she told herself. Each time the betting came down to her and Thomas, she folded and it was embarrassing.

The next hand, she had a straight flush. This was it. She bet all the way up, twenty dollars in the pot. She finally looked up and glanced at Thomas. Again, he was staring right at her. Taking a deep breath, she stared right into his eyes. "I'll raise you three dollars," she said.

Both Mike and Bob immediately folded. It was again down to Victoria and Thomas. She bit her lower lip, but wouldn't look away. She even raised one eyebrow in his direction, asking him silently if he wanted to raise her again.

Thomas took his time. He lifted his beer and took a long sip, watching her the whole time. He acted like he was considering raising the bet, or at least accepting her bet and calling. But in reality, he was just enjoying the view. She was flushed from the wine and the jovial card game and he knew she probably had a winning hand. The look in her eyes, and the fact that she'd finally found the courage to look at him, meant she would probably beat him.

Was he going to be nice and let her win the hand? Or could he make her back down like he had with all the other hands. It was interesting, seeing how her mind worked. He'd mentioned that her expressions were usually on her face. And now he had more evidence of that statement.

He realized that he didn't want to end the hand. He was enjoying her challenging looks too much. She was just too beautiful as she glanced furtively at him, blushing each time. He was so intrigued by this woman. She had so many layers to her personality and he was enjoying getting to know all of them.

"I'll raise you a dollar," he finally said, and tossed in another chip.

Victoria shivered. There was already forty dollars in the pot. She hated gambling that much money. But she knew she could beat him with this hand. At least, she thought she could. She'd been sure of it a few minutes ago, until he raised her again. Could he possibly beat a straight flush?

"Fine," she said and tossed in her dollar. "Call."

Thomas chuckled. He'd been anticipating that. He didn't think she'd be able to hold his stare much longer. He laid down his cards and showed his three kings.

Just as he suspected, her face lit up and she laid down her hand. Straight flush. He was impressed. As a further benefit to her win, he was treated to a small show of the swell of her breasts as she reached across the table to pull in all her winnings. Thomas controlled a groan as he noticed the beautiful lace that barely covered the swell of her breasts.

He lost the next three hands because of that glimpse. He just couldn't concentrate. He kept wondering if she was wearing matching lace underwear and if she was possibly wearing thigh high stockings again. Maybe with matching lace at the tops as well. His mind went through all the variations and tried to picture what the scrap of lace on her breast was covering.

Bob sighed heavily as Victoria pulled the winnings over to her side of the table again. "Mike, I think we should go somewhere that would enable us to lose our money more purposefully. Perhaps the hotel bar?"

"I agree with you," Bob said. "It wouldn't be as senseless as playing with these two. We haven't won a hand since Thomas came in. We might as well throw it away buying drinks for ladies of questionable intelligence who might decide we're worth a glance. What do you say?"

"I'm with you. Come on."

Within minutes, both Bob and Mike were out the door, arguing about who would have to buy the first round of drinks. The door closed on a lively argument about who had lost the most amount of money.

An awkward silence filled the suite.

Victoria glanced at Thomas and wondered how she could casually head to her room without him knowing how nervous she was.

"Trying to think of a way to escape?" Thomas asked, a knowing look in his eyes.

"No, not at all," she stuttered. Then bit her tongue. It would have been better if she'd just admitted that she was tired and needed to head to her room.

"Want to play another round?"

"No, it isn't much fun with only two people."

He picked up the deck and shuffled the cards. "Oh, I don't know about that. I can think of lots of games that should only be played with two people. Care to join me?"

Victoria's mind instantly thought of strip poker and she blushed. "I don't think so," she said.

"Scared?" he challenged.

Victoria laughed. "Terrified."

Her jest was rewarded with his deep chuckle. He started dealing another hand. "One more hand but we won't bet money," he said, tossing the cards quickly.

Victoria picked up her cards automatically but shook her head. "No way. I don't trust you."

"Why not?" he said, feigning offense.

"Because you are entirely untrustworthy," she replied and tossed out three cards for replacement.

"What makes you say that?" he said and dealt her three more cards.

"Woman's intuition."

"I thought you relied on hard facts and calculations. What makes you trust your woman's intuition in this case?" he asked and tossed in the dollar ante, taking a long sip of beer.

"I don't know," she said and tossed in her dollar. "Give me one good reason why I should trust you."

He thought for a moment. "I guess I should be honest with you and tell you that you shouldn't trust me."

Victoria laughed. "Well, then, what's your bet?"

He tossed in ten dollars. She looked up at him and raised an eyebrow. He was bluffing, she thought. But what if he wasn't? Victoria debated back and forth, finally allowing that she was too curious to ignore his blatant challenge. She had two aces. Not the best hand but she'd won with less in the past.

"I'm in," she said simply and tossed in her ten dollars.

"Are you raising?" he asked.

Victoria looked at her hand again. She debated raising him another dollar but was now doubting her assessment that he was bluffing. Did the man have to be so confident all the time?

"I'll raise you a dollar."

"Just a dollar? That doesn't seem like much. Don't you think you can win the hand?" he asked, tossing in another chip.

"I'm not sure."

"Why not? I'm calling by the way," he said.

Victoria waited for him to lay down his hand. Suddenly, her nerves were firing warnings throughout her body.

"Three of a kind," he said, laying down three twos.

Drat! Victoria thought. "You bet ten dollars on three twos?" she demanded, laughing at his audacity.

"Why not? I won, didn't I?" he asked, still waiting for her to lay down her hand.

"Yes, you scoundrel," she laughed, laying down her two aces.

"You countered with only two good cards. I'm guessing that makes you just as reckless as I am."

Victoria smiled at being called reckless. That was definitely a first. "Okay, I'm out. You're too tough to handle."

"Too tough?" Thomas chuckled at the idea. "I'm actually putty in your hands. Care to try me?"

Victoria blushed and her mouth dropped open. Yes, she wanted to try but didn't dare.

"No response? Am I getting too close to your thoughts? I know they're pretty close to mine. Care to swap dreams from last night?"

Victoria's face turned even redder because she'd been dreaming of making love with Thomas every night for the past month, she thought. "That probably wouldn't be a good idea."

"From the blush on your face, I'm guessing it would be a great idea," he said softly, his dark blue eyes intense as they watched the emotions flit across her face.

"No, I think we should just stop thinking along those lines. It is too dangerous," she said. Victoria grabbed the deck of cards, shuffled quickly and dealt a new hand of poker. "Twos and threes wild," she said absently, not really thinking about what she was saying as long as the conversation moved away from the titillating subject of her and Thomas making love.

They played three more hands. Victoria won the first one but then lost the next two easily.

"How about if we play for some real odds?" Thomas suggested.

"I think the stakes are high enough," she countered and pulled the deck back towards her. Her mind told her she should play this safe and call it a night, head back to her room. But she really was having too much fun. It was a new experience to beat Thomas at something. Besides, he was a great loser and a charming winner. Each hand, he had her laughing or moaning inside. One moment he was chiding her for being too rash at her challenges. The next he was teasing her for beating him with such a weak hand.

"I think we should raise the stakes," he said and dealt the next hand.

"I don't think that would be a good idea," she laughed, noting the glimmer of mischief in his eyes.

"You never know. It might be something great like a weekend off or a night at the opera. Why would you ignore that possibility?"

Victoria eyed him suspiciously. "Because you're a very generous boss. If we wanted to go to the opera, you'd arrange it. I wouldn't have to win it."

"What about the possibility of a weekend off?"

That made her laugh harder. "You'd never allow it even if I won the hand."

"Good point," he sighed. "But that wasn't what I had in mind anyway."

"I don't want to know," she said, knowing full well what he was going to suggest.

"Even another kiss? Winner takes all?"

That made her gasp in anticipation.

She saw the heat come into his eyes. "I can see that you like that idea," Thomas said, picking up his cards.

"No, we can't. It's one thing to joke but it can't go any farther," she said breathlessly.

"I disagree," he countered, moving his cards around in his hand. "And I can tell that you don't really believe it either. Admit it, you've wanted to see if that one kiss was nothing more than a fluke."

She couldn't deny it. She'd thought that very same thing several times. Had tried to convince herself of it in the wee hours of the night when she was thinking about him. "No," she lied.

He shrugged his shoulders and sighed. "Deny it all you want but I know you're lying to yourself and me." He smiled and changed the subject. "And now, my lady, you're going to lose all your ill-gotten gains," he teased.

She blinked, trying to keep up with the topic and his mood. "What?"

"Ante is one dollar. I'm raising the bet to twenty five dollars. Are you in?" he asked.

"Oh, no. That's too much for me," Victoria said. "Fold. And I think without the cautioning effects of Bob and Mike, I'll take the coward's way out and call it a night."

"I thought you'd say that," Thomas laughed and leaned back in his chair, taking a long swallow of his beer as he watched her stand up, collect her winnings and push her chair under the table.

She made the mistake of glancing at him one more time. He winked at her, his smile indicating that he knew she was running away from what they were both feeling towards each other.

With that, she stood up and waived as she hurriedly disappeared into her room. Victoria leaned against the door, closing her eyes as she pictured Thomas watching her walk away. There was no expression on his face, but the look in his eyes showed the fire she was also feeling.

A few days later, she was sitting in the conference room of the Tulsa office, making notes on a legal pad while conferring occasionally with some reports. She'd been alone most of the day while Mike and Bob were out doing site surveys.

So when she heard Thomas's deep voice behind her, she jumped a foot out of her chair.

"It didn't work, you know."

Victoria spun around, worried that she knew exactly what he was talking about. "I'm sorry?" she said, feigning ignorance and grabbing a file, pretending to be absorbed in the numbers. She hoped he couldn't see her fingers that were shaking as she held the file folder.

Thomas came over to sit on the conference table beside her. "It didn't work and you know it."

His thigh was so close to her hand, she could just stretch her fingers and she'd be touching the gabardine fabric of his slacks. Glancing away in an effort to avoid the temptation, she asked, "Thomas, could you be more specific? I've given you several suggestions lately and I'm not sure which...."

"Stop it Victoria," he said, his voice soft but firm. "You know what I'm talking about because you're feeling it as well."

She put her forehead in her hands, knowing she couldn't feign ignorance any longer. He was too perceptive and she wasn't any good at lying anyway. "We need to get back to where we were before you kissed me."

"You kissed me as well."

She looked down at her paper, embarrassed at the reminder of how she had lost control in the pool. "Yes, well, that's true. But I don't think it will do any good to dwell on it," she said and pulled another file closer in an attempt to change the subject. "If you'll just check out these numbers, I think you'll...."

Thomas shook a pencil in her general direction as he said, 'Well, you see, that's pretty much the problem. I dwell on that kiss all the time. As well as your participation in it," he explained. He stood up and walked over to the window but didn't take his eyes off her. "I think about it when I'm in the shower, or in bed at night. I've even started dreaming about that one kiss."

Victoria gave up on the file and looked down at her hands folded in her lap. "So what do you suggest we do now?"

Thomas shrugged his shoulders. "It's as if we've opened Pandora's Box."

Victoria considered that comment and nodded. "You're right. So where do we go from here?"

"How about if you come out to dinner with me and we'll discuss it?"

Victoria laughed nervously. "I think that is a supremely bad idea."

"Why?"

"Because I think we should just pretend it didn't happen and move on." She knew her idea was lame. They'd both been trying to forget about it and neither had been successful, apparently.

Thomas shook his head. "I'd like to as well. But you see, I've been losing sleep because of that one kiss. I keep wondering what would have happened if that couple hadn't come in."

"Nothing," Victoria said, shaking her head for emphasis. "Nothing would have happened. We still would have stopped."

"Are you sure?"

Victoria considered repeating her statement. But she looked into his eyes and knew she had to be honest with him. She shook her head. "No."

"Good. I'm glad you're honest about the situation." He came back around the conference room table so he was again standing next to her. "So come out to dinner with me and tell me all your awful little secrets. I'll tell you mine and we'll get this thing out of the way. There's nothing like a little familiarity to douse the passion in any relationship."

"You don't seem like the type of man to have many awful secrets," Victoria said, laughing despite the skeptical look on her face. She wished he wasn't handsome and charming. It would be much easier to refuse him. But facts were facts and she had to admit that he was the most handsome specimen she'd ever met. And the most intelligent person she'd ever worked for, the funniest and most charming man she'd ever conversed with. Why couldn't he be a little irritating in some regard?

"You won't know until you come to dinner with me," he smiled and took her hand, pulling her out of her chair.

Victoria only had time to grab her jacket and purse before he got her through the doorway.

The restaurant he chose was only a block away and sat right on the waterfront. They were shown to a table right by the window and Thomas ordered a bottle of wine she'd never heard of.

"So tell me some awful stories of your childhood," he started.

Victoria couldn't help it. She burst out laughing at his hopeful expression. "I'm not sure I can come up with very many awful stories. I was too much of a bookworm to do much."

His eyes scanned her soft blond hair that framed a face of perfect skin, glowing eyes and rosy red lips. Lips that had haunted his dreams every night for months. Top that off with her figure and...well, he didn't go down that path. His thoughts were already un-boss-like. He wouldn't be able to think about anything at all if he started to picture her breasts or her long, sexy legs. He cleared his throat slightly and concentrated on the topic. "I can't believe that. You're too beautiful to not have some awful stories lurking from your past."

She flushed at his compliment. Why did he have to say all the right things? "I'm sorry, but it's true. Ask my sister. She's the one that went out with all the cool guys while I helped her get through math class."

"Didn't you have loads of boyfriends in high school you took advantage of?"

"Nope. I didn't even really date until I got into college."

"Not even for homecoming? Or Prom?"

"Well, I had friends and we went as a group to those things but nothing that anyone would call serious."

The wine steward arrived at their table and Thomas dispatched with the formal wine tasting and just waived him on to serving, eager to get back to the conversation. "Who did you date in college?"

"I dated two different men in college. One was a law student and the other a medical student."

"And what happened? Obviously you had no burning desire to be a doctor's wife."

"Nothing really," she said evasively. "Things just didn't work out."

He noted the way her eyes slid away from his and he knew there was more than she was telling him. His eyes showed his curiosity. "I'm sensing a deep, dark secret. What went wrong?"

Victoria laughed at his persistence. "The lawyer thought he was too good for everyone and myself specifically. I got tired of him treating the world like we were his servant or doormat and got rid of him. I heard he married a young lady his senior year and they probably lived happily ever after."

"And what about the other guy? The doctor?" Thomas asked, encouraging her to talk more about her past.

"The doctor....well, he always wanted to play doctor and it got old quickly."

"Ah!" Thomas replied, hiding his jealousy over the two men who were able to openly date this amazing woman. Fortunately for him, they had both been too stupid to know what they had.

"How did you end up with such sterling characters in the first place?"

Victoria thought back in time for a moment. "I was set up on a blind date with the lawyer. The doctor was a friend of a friend and we met at a party I think."

"You don't seem like the kind of person to waste your time on superficial or irritating men. Why did you date them beyond the first date?"

Victoria shrugged slightly. "Most people are on their best behavior initially. So I didn't realize how obnoxious they were until we were into the relationship for a few months."

"A few months seems like a long time."

"I don't like to judge people too quickly. Besides, as soon as I told them to get lost, they cleaned up their act and started acting charming, so I gave both of them a few more chances. Eventually, I realized that they really weren't going to change and I got rid of them. I've never been someone who has to be dating a man in order to feel like my life is complete." She smiled cheekily before continuing, "Irritating men need to be eliminated as superfluous parasites, in my mind."

Thomas chuckled over that description. "Do I fit into that category?"

"Heaven's no. I've known you for months and you've never been on your best behavior."

Thomas threw back his head and laughed. "Am I so awful to work for?"

"You're challenging," she countered, her eyes twinkling.

"Is that good or bad?"

"Yes," she said, and took a sip of wine.

He waited a moment. "Are you going to elaborate," he asked when she didn't go on?

She shook her head, her blond hair swaying around her shoulders. "No. You're my boss, remember? One of the reasons we're here tonight trying to get over whatever is going on between us?" Victoria played with her fork and looked down at her plate. "Let's just say I'm a dedicated employee and leave it at that."

"Will you tell me once we get to know each other better?" he asked.

She thought about it for a moment. "Probably not. We're supposed to be fighting this thing, remember?"

"Exactly," he sighed. "So you should elaborate all of my faults and irritate me even more."

Victoria laughed at his enthusiasm. "Nice try, but I see through your ploy. I tell you all of the times you've been mean, then you fire me and I'm unemployed. How does that serve me?"

His eyes showed his satisfaction and he leaned back. "Aha! So you do like working for me!"

Victoria coughed as the wine went down the wrong way. How had she revealed so much? "I didn't say that."

Thomas leaned forward, triumph in his eyes as he said conspiratorially, "You didn't have to."

Thankfully, their meal arrived at that moment and Victoria was able to retreat slightly behind the act of tasting her meal. She'd ordered roasted salmon and it was heavenly. She closed her eyes as she took her first bite. "Oh, this is wonderful," she said as the subtle herbs came to life in her mouth.

Thomas watched as she tasted her meal. He enjoyed the look of rapture and the thought occurred to him that he wanted to put that look on her face. Then he pushed the thought aside. He was supposed to be getting over this attraction, not increasing it.

"What's your sister like?" he asked, looking at anything but her beautiful face. But he glanced back at her in time to see the softened look on her face.

"Laci is my only sibling and she's great."

"I thought sisters were supposed to hate each other. I know I don't always love my siblings. They are a pain in the ass most times."

"I know. And when Laci was first born I was furious. I wouldn't talk to my mother for about three months." Victoria laughed as she thought back to that period when her life was turned upside down. "I was so mad at this little creature who took my mother and father away from me, I used to hide her toys. My parents would find things in the refrigerator, the pantry, under the cushions of the sofa. It was getting pretty out of hand. Finally, when my mother cooked one of Laci's rattles because I'd hidden it in the oven, my parents sat me down and taught me how to play with Laci. I wasn't impressed. It wasn't until Laci was about three that I realized she could be kind of neat. I got to teach her how to read, tie her shoes and lots of things."

Thomas shook his head. "Sal is only a year older than me and he took all my toys apart."

"Was he mad at you too?"

"No, he just wanted to see how they worked."

Victoria laughed. "You look very abused." He shook his head at her lack of compassion. "What about all your younger brothers?"

"They were okay. Like you and Laci, it wasn't until they got older and I was able to torture them that I learned to like having siblings."

Victoria couldn't help but laugh. "Thomas, that's awful. Didn't you get along with your brothers?"

"Sure, as long as they did what I told them to do," he smiled unrepentantly.

"Do you have any sisters?"

Victoria saw the hint of sadness that entered his eyes but he quickly hid it. "I had an older sister but she died her second year of college. She ran into a burglary in progress and the guy killed her. I also have a younger sister."

"Oh Thomas! I'm so sorry," Victoria said.

"It was pretty rough for a long time. We're a close family. We're probably overprotective of my younger sister because of it." He grimaced at the memory of previous discussions with his little sister. "At least, that's what she says but I don't agree with her."

"It's nice that you all look out for her."

Thomas laughed derisively. "I think it drives her a little nuts. At least it did until she met her husband. Now they are pretty much inseparable. It can get a little nauseating at times but I'm glad she's happy. It's also a relief to know that she's safely married. She ran us a merry chase for a while, trying to keep her safe."

They talked about their respective families for the rest of the night and on the short walk back to the hotel. The two of them were standing in front of the door to the suite, neither wanting to go inside just yet. It was apparent that they wanted to continue to be in each other's company longer but didn't have any excuse to continue. It was also very late and they had early meetings in the morning.

They were standing in the hallway of the hotel, laughing about the last story about their families but the silence became awkward after a moment. Finally, she asked shyly. "Thomas, we leave for Paris Monday, right?"

"Yes." He was leaning against the wall, his large body blocking her from anyone who might come down the hallway.

"Why don't I have my sister fly out and join me, show her around Paris? Laci and I will tour the city in my off time. That way, you and I won't have the temptation we currently have." She wouldn't look up from her view of his shirt front while she made the suggestion.

"You mean you want your sister to come out and babysit," he said grimly.

"Well, in a sense yes," she said in a near whisper.

"And what about once we leave Paris?'

She raised one shoulder delicately. "Maybe by then it will have gone away."

After a few minutes of silence, he spoke up. "And maybe you should leave the baby-sitter in Washington, D.C, I should show you Paris and we should investigate this issue further," he said, leaning down to whisper in her ear, nibbling on her neck.

Victoria couldn't pull away. She loved the way he made her feel and she didn't want it to end. Her hands had already strayed to touch his chest, feeling the muscles through the fabric of his shirt. She loved the feeling of his muscles tensing to her touch. She sighed, wanting the feelings he stirred within her to continue. But one of them had to be reasonable. She sighed again as his lips moved to her earlobe, his teeth took the sensitive skin between them and nibbled softly. Victoria shook her head. "No."

"Yes," he countered and she felt his lips on her neck, whisper soft, barely there. But her knees went weak and her mind stopped functioning.

"Thomas..."

He put a finger over her lips to silence her. "I know Paris better than your sister, I promise. I'll send Mike and Bob home for a long weekend and it will be just the two of us exploring Paris together," he said, nibbling her earlobe, then moving down her neck, making her gasp when he found a spot just below her ear. "Spend the next few days with me and we'll work on getting rid of this attraction. I promise I'll work it out of my system by the time we leave for Rome next Wednesday."

"I think.." she said and stopped, unable to form any words.

After a moment, he said, "I'll take that as a yes," and moved to the other side of her neck.

All she could do is nod her head, the feelings that were rushing through her right now were too new and too intense.

Thomas pulled back and Victoria looked down at the floor, trying to get her breathing back to normal.

"Get some sleep. We'll leave on Friday."

With that, he unlocked her door and gently pushed her inside.

Victoria took her key and closed the door, wishing she could appear as unaffected as he was. But she was a shaking mass of nerves and unsatisfied desire. She wished she had the courage to call back to him and ask him to stay the night, but she didn't. She crawled into bed and stared up at the ceiling, wondering what she had gotten herself into.

She had one more day, then she'd be spending five days, alone, in one of the most romantic cities in the world with the man of her dreams. Unfortunately, he was so out of her league she was bound to be hurt. She didn't understand his rules, much less know how to play by them. He was part of the jet set, literally. He was tall, wealthy, gorgeous, incredibly intelligent and the best kisser she'd ever experienced. How was she supposed to keep her wits about her when she was alone with him?

She'd just have to tell him she couldn't go through with it. He'd be angry, but she knew he wouldn't push her towards a relationship.

She fell asleep with that final thought.

The next day was complete chaos. The machinists realized that a major vice president was in the building and all of them wanted to talk with him. Thomas, Bob and Mike worked on getting a late afternoon meeting organized with the machinists while Victoria hurriedly worked up her final evaluation on the accounting staff while also fielding calls from worried staff members about what the machinists wanted.

It was past midnight when she gave up waiting for the other three. The meeting was still going on, someone had ordered pizza for over two hundred people. Obviously, the machinists were not happy with their current working conditions and didn't trust Thomas to do anything about it or were convincing him of some much needed changes.

Victoria went back to the hotel and fell asleep, but she set her alarm for five in the morning. She wanted to be up and ready before Thomas sent Mike and Bob home, leaving her alone with Thomas.

It seemed that the whole world was conspiring against her effort at common sense.

Even electronics. The previous night, she'd set her alarm for what she'd thought was five o'clock in the morning. Unfortunately, it turned out to be five o'clock in the afternoon. She looked out her window and the sun was high before she rolled over and realized she'd overslept. Victoria rushed through her shower and was just pulling on a green suit with a soft yellow silk shirt when someone knocked on her hotel room door.

"Yes?" she asked, opening the door slightly.

"I'm here to get your bags, ma'am," a bellboy said. He had a trolley behind him and smiled patiently.

"Oh.. well, I'm not quite ready. I'll be downstairs in a few minutes and I can carry my bags."

"Will fifteen minutes give you enough time?" the bellboy asked politely.

"Oh, yes. Plenty," she assured him.

"I'll be back then, ma'am," he said, tipped his hat and immediately pushed the baggage trolley down the hallway.

Victoria groaned and hurriedly packed her bags. She didn't have time to pull her hair back before the bellboy was again knocking at her door. "I'm sorry, I'm not quite ready," she said and pulled open the door wide, thinking she could just give him her bags while she pulled her hair back in the elevator.

"You look incredible to me," Thomas said from the doorway. His hands were braced on opposite sides of the door frame and he was leaning slightly inside the room. He looked refreshed and charming, instantly turning Victoria's stomach to jelly.

"Thomas!" He looked so incredibly handsome but she was terrified of what he might be expecting of her.

"Were you expecting someone else?"

"Yes, the bellboy."

"Well, when he came back to the lobby empty handed, I decided to come up and see if you were trying to back out of the weekend."

Victoria opened her mouth to respond, but the words wouldn't come.

Thomas smiled and walked into the room. "I see my assumptions were correct."

She sat down on the bed, defeated and unable to look at him. "I just don't think this is the best plan of action."

He slowly walked towards her. "It probably isn't," he said as he stopped in front of her, an enigmatic smile on his face. He took her hands in his and pulled her gently to her feet so she was standing in front of him. "How about if I promise nothing will happen that you don't want?"

Victoria couldn't think with him this close.

He reached out and took a lock of her hair in his hands and his smile deepened. "I guess that's part of the problem," he said, raising one eyebrow in inquiry.

"What do you mean?"

"What you and I both want is the dangerous issue."

Victoria let out the breath she'd been holding. "I just don't want to get hurt."

Thomas took her hands and pulled her close, then put his arms around her waist. "Let's just have a nice, relaxing weekend. No pressure."

Victoria leaned her forehead against his chest, her hands resting on his forearms. "Ok," she said, her voice muffled by his shirt.

"What did you say?" he asked, pulling back slightly so he could look at her face.

She sighed and lifted her head to look him in the eye. "I said, okay."

With those words, he grabbed her hand and pulled her out of the room. "Great. The bellboy will be back in a few minutes to get your bags. Let's head downstairs and get you your first cup of coffee before we have to head to the airport."

"What about Mike and Bob?"

"They are already back in Washington, D.C. They left late last night right after the meeting with the machinists ended. Jim dropped them off and came back to pick us up. He'll fly back on Tuesday night to get Mike and Bob and we'll meet up on Wednesday."

Victoria blushed, wondering if Mike and Bob knew why they'd been flown home alone. "Do they know why we're not with them?" she asked, stepping into the elevator with Thomas.

"No. I didn't think they would mind though since it gave them an extra day off. I told them you were finishing up a report I'd asked for, which was the truth at the time since you stayed at the office so late last night."

"How did you know I was there late?" she asked, amazed at the amount of information he could assimilate.

He glanced back at her as they entered the elevator. His smile was gentle as he casually said, "I had a spy come tell me."

"Ah," she said. She should feel like her privacy was invaded. But his obvious concern only made her feel cared for. The thought popped into her head that Barry rarely knew what she was doing or where she was, and never asked unless she was late for a date with him.

Victoria banished that thought, not wanting to think about what this weekend would do to her relationship with Barry. She knew she would have to break up with him, no matter the outcome of this weekend. Even if she and Thomas had a completely platonic few days with each other, she understood she was no longer in love with Barry, if she'd ever been. She'd latched onto him as a security blanket, not knowing what she was missing until Thomas exploded on her life.

Paris was more romantic than she had ever imagined. They spent the first day just walking down the streets, taking in a few sections of the Louvre, the gardens that were perfectly tended, the restaurants and the Arc De Triumphe. They had pastries and tea in the afternoon, then Thomas pushed her gently into her hotel room to sleep off the jet lag and time zone changes.

She woke up at seven o'clock that night and felt wonderful. Thomas took her to dinner at a lovely restaurant that looked out over the lights of the city. Afterwards, they climbed the Eiffel Tower and held hands on the balcony as the wind whipped around them. Usually Victoria was afraid of heights but being up on that metal edifice with Thomas, she felt completely safe and was able to enjoy the view.

The next few days were a romantic blur. Thomas hired a car and driver to speed them all through the city. He showed her Notre Dame, Montmartre, The Louvre, Musee D'Orsay and they shopped for hours, buying presents for their families. Each night, Thomas took her to dinner and they made each other laugh about stories from their past.

And each night, Thomas left her at her hotel room door with a kiss that made her toes curl with its latent passion. She fell asleep each night smiling but hopelessly frustrated.

Sunday night, it was ten o'clock when Thomas walked her to her hotel room. She could hear the phone ringing through the door and rushed to answer the phone thinking it was Laci.

"Hello?"

"Remember me?" a man's voice asked angrily. Barry was not a happy camper, she thought. She knew he was trying to be funny and jovial but it came across as simply sarcastic.

"Barry!" Victoria gasped, the guilt immediately coming to the surface. She glanced at Thomas and noticed the angry expression come over his face.

Barry chuckled sardonically and Victoria had to grit her teeth to keep her voice calm and not shout at him to call back another time. "So you do remember me! It's good to know since we haven't spoken in almost two weeks. I wasn't sure," now his sarcasm was blatant.

She turned so she was facing the wall instead of Thomas' angry face. "I'm sorry Barry. Things have been pretty hectic," she lied. Victoria had been able to phone her parents and her sister on a regular basis but had put off calling Barry because of the guilt she felt over her feelings for Thomas. "What are you doing calling this late? Isn't it around 2 am in Washington?"

His voice gentled slightly. "It's three but I've been worried about you."

She looked up in time to catch Thomas's furious expression and her hand shook as she pushed her hair out of her face. "You shouldn't be. Everything is fine. Listen Barry, I need to call you back," she said quickly. She needed to explain the situation to Thomas before he got the wrong idea.

"Are you sure? You won't forget me again, right?" he said skeptically.

"I'll call you back soon, I promise."

Victoria hung up the phone and turned to face Thomas.

"You haven't broken up with him?" he said, the anger seething from him.

"Thomas, I wasn't holding on to him. Honestly, I just forgot to call him."

Thomas rubbed his forehead. "Victoria, I'm not sure what we have together, but I'll be dammed if I'm going to hang around and be the man you're with until you get back to the states." He turned away, running his hands through his hair and then swung back to her, eyes blazing as he said, "End it with him."

Victoria nodded her head. She'd already known she'd have to, months ago. After working with Thomas, she'd never be able to settle for Barry.

"Tonight, Victoria," he warned and stormed out of her hotel room.

Victoria wasn't sure, but she suspected that Thomas was jealous. She smiled to herself at the idea and it made her feel both guilty that she'd put those feelings inside him, even unintentionally and proud that he felt something, anything for her besides just a passing fling. It gave her hope as well as courage.

Victoria sat down on the side of her bed and dialed Barry's number.

He must have fallen asleep in the five minutes since she'd hung up with him because he sounded groggy when he picked up the phone.

"Hello?' he answered.

"Barry, its Victoria. I just needed to finish up something. But we need to talk."

He seemed to sit up in bed because she could hear the bed covers moving. Then he came back on a little more clearly. "What's up?"

"Barry, I don't think this is going to work out between us."

"Of course it isn't. You're never here. Why don't you quit that awful job and come back to D.C. You can't like it, being so far away from your sister, and me," he laughed. "Surely you can find something more appropriate back here in Washington."

"It isn't an awful job. In fact, I love it. More than anything else I've ever done. The job is fascinating and challenging and I get to visit places I never would have seen otherwise."

There was a long silence. "Barry? Are you still there?"

"Yes. Are you saying you called me back at three in the morning just to tell me you don't want to see me anymore?"

Victoria bit her lip. Put that way, it did sound a little awful. "Well, yes. I guess I did. But I promised to call you back and I needed to do this."

"Victoria, you're obviously working too hard. You don't know what you're saying. Why don't you ask that ass of a boss to give you a few days off. I'll take you out to dinner and we can discuss this face to face. You can get some rest and think this thing through more carefully."

"I can't do that," she said sadly.

"Why not?" he said angrily. "This is insane to break up with someone after everything we've been through, from thousands of miles away in the middle of the night." His sigh came through the phone line. "Victoria, this isn't like you," he said in his best lawyerly tone of voice. "Come home and let's discuss this like two, normal people and make a rationale decision about our relationship. You're not this kind of person."

"I know," she replied and felt awful. Everything he said about the situation was true but it didn't change the way she felt about him or their connection. "It really isn't fair of me. But I've been feeling this way for a long time."

"Why? Because I've been putting off a marriage proposal?" he snapped. "We've discussed this ad naseum."

She couldn't believe that this was so difficult. She didn't think Barry cared for her that much. "No. Really, I know your reasons for postponing marriage and I respect them and you for resolving to stick to them. You want to be more settled in your law firm before you make any kind of commitment to a woman or to anyone. It made sense when we talked about it last year and it still makes sense. I wouldn't want to push anyone into something they are not ready for."

"Well, if you're as convinced as I am that this is the right plan, why are we discussing this? Victoria, you're not making any sense. When you took this job, you said it was your last fling before settling down. What happened to your plans?"

"Well, Laci was right. I realized that I wasn't ready to settle down. This was supposed to be for only a year, but I really love this job. I love the challenge and the travel. I love all the new things I'm learning and I like the people I work with," she explained, hoping he didn't catch on to her feelings for Thomas. "I don't know if I'm going to be ready to stop in a year. It is extremely challenging and fascinating. I feel as if I'm really contributing to something here."

"Laci? That silly sister of yours? She put you up to this? I should have known that you're flighty sister would be at the bottom of this conversation. She's always hated me."

"Barry, no," she said, knowing how much he disliked her free spirited sister. "Please don't talk about my sister like that. You know how much it hurts my feelings. Laci only pointed out how excited I was about traveling and wondered if maybe I was jumping the gun on the whole marriage and kids thing. Now that I've been in this job, I understand that she was right. I've been sleeping through most of my life and now I'm finally awake and I like it."

"You've been sleeping?" he asked. "Again, Victoria, you're not making any sense. I repeat, this conversation is insane."

"Metaphorically, Barry," she said impatiently. "I've been living my life in a haze, not really pushing myself and living in a safe cocoon, surrounded by what is familiar and easy; nothing scary. Things are more fun now, more challenging. I like it. All my other jobs have been just that, a job. They were a place to go for eight hours, fulfill requests from my supervisors and collect a paycheck. Marriage and kids were my escape plan, not my goal. I'm finally realizing that."

"And you need to break up with me to do that?"

"Well, yes."

Another long pause. "You've met someone else, haven't you?"

Victoria couldn't answer him. He was right, but Thomas was only half the truth. "Barry, that's not the point. You're not listening to anything I'm saying, are you?"

"Yes, it is. You've met someone who will marry you immediately and give you the kids and garden you've always wanted. Well, if you can just hang on a little longer until I make partner, I can give you those things as well. Just don't make any rash decisions until we can talk about this face to face."

"Barry, your lack of a proposal is not the reason but I won't deny that I've met someone. But there won't be any marriage or settling down with this man either. It is just someone who has shown me that I've been missing things for a long time."

"Is it because we never made love? I tried to respect your feelings on that. I thought you wanted to wait until you were married. I'm guessing I was wrong not to push in that area." Barry just couldn't get it. No matter what she told him, he was determined to find another reason for her need to break up with him, something that made more sense to him.

"Barry, you aren't getting this are you? It isn't about you and me. This is about me and my realization that I need more to life than what I was settling for."

Victoria didn't like the way that came out. Neither did Barry.

"And you were settling for me," he said quietly. His next comment was too perceptive for Victoria's comfort. "Is it your new boss?" he sneered. "I suspected you were panting after him at the party but I tried to be a gentleman and ignore the way you treated me that night."

When Barry got nasty, he didn't pull any punches. She was so shocked at his statement she couldn't even respond without pouring out her embarrassment and anger over his drunken and agitated state that night. So she ignored his statement and moved on. "I'm sorry Barry, but I just want something more than what I had before," she said and hoped that her declaration would end the conversation.

Barry didn't say anything for a long time. "Well, I can't say I wasn't expecting this. A girlfriend doesn't call for two weeks, a man's got to know something is wrong. I hope you love him," he said and hung up the phone.

Victoria's hand shook as she hung up the receiver. She was glad that the conversation was over and sorry that it had ended so badly. Barry wasn't the best or most charming in the world but he didn't deserve what she'd done to him. He had ever right to be angry over the way she'd broken up with him.

His last statement had stabbed her heart, tearing it open so she had to evaluate what was going on with her and Thomas. Was she in love with Thomas? She admittedly respected him and his intelligence more than anyone else she knew. And there was no doubt about her physical attraction to him. She'd never met anyone as dynamic or appealing to every one of her senses. And he definitely was the most charming and considerate man she'd ever come across.

There were so many adjectives that she could put to her feelings towards Thomas. But love?

Victoria took off her jeans and tee shirt and sighed as she pulled a brush through her hair, preparing for bed. Yes, she was in love with Thomas. She went to sleep that night wondering how she was going to deal with her newly discovered feelings.

The next morning, Thomas met her in the hotel restaurant for breakfast. As soon as he saw her, he stood up and pulled out her chair.

"Well?" he asked as soon as he pushed her chair in for her.

"Well, what?" she asked still groggy from lack of sleep and a little breathless from his closeness. He was such a handsome man and he really knew how to fill out a pair of jeans and a tee shirt. His broad shoulders and muscular arms made her stomach do flip flops.

"Did you talk to Barry?" His eyes didn't leave her face as he asked the question.

"Oh, yes," she replied, her tone confirmed her sadness over last night. "Yes, I broke up with him."

He hadn't realized how important that was to him. The tension quickly left his shoulders and his eyes showed his feeling of victory. Thomas picked up her hand and kissed the palm, sending Victoria's heart into double time. "Thank you," he said and signaled to the waiter to pour another cup of coffee.

"I didn't do it for you," she said quietly, her fingers curling over her palm, wanting to savor the feeling of his kiss despite the awful topic of conversation. "It wasn't fair to him since I don't feel anything for him anymore."

Thomas didn't care why, just as long as it was done. The man was an idiot to not know what he had with Victoria and fight for it, but he wasn't going to tell him that. "How did he take it?'

"Not well," she said, smiling to the waiter who poured her fresh coffee.

"I can imagine," Thomas said. "But I can't say I'm sorry."

Victoria leaned back in her chair and smiled. "You don't look sorry."

"Victoria, you're mine," he said and the intensity in his eyes took her breath away. "I don't share with anyone."

That day was a turning point in both the way Thomas treated her and in their relationship. The previous two days, Thomas had kissed her and held her hand when they were walking somewhere but he always respected her wariness.

But now, he kissed her at every opportunity and it was always a sensual onslaught. They were walking across a small bridge and he stopped her at a very picturesque spot and lifted her up so she was sitting on the cement barrier, opened her knees and slid his hips between them, then tilted her head up for a kiss that awakened every dormant need in her body. Victoria was ready to make love to him right then and there. The only thing that kept her decent was the fact that they were in a public place.

They ate lunch in the park in front of the Louvre. Thomas got sandwiches and some fruit from a vendor. He sat down with his back against a tree, then pulled her down to sit with her back against his chest so she was sitting between his legs. Victoria was so aware of him, she could barely swallow her sandwich.

For dessert, he pulled out strawberries but he wouldn't let her eat them alone. He fed her the strawberries and made her feed them to him, then sucked her fingers of all the juice, making her mouth fall open with her need.

After dinner when he walked her to her door, his hand held onto hers and Victoria knew there would be another onslaught at her door. But tonight, she didn't want him to leave her with just a kiss. She wanted to make love to him, for him to finish what he'd started and continued all day. She wanted him so desperately but she wasn't sure how to make the first move. She'd never wanted a man like this and she didn't know how to let him know it.

It turns out that she didn't need to say any word. He took her key and unlocked the door. "Invite me inside, Victoria," he said in a no-nonsense voice and pulled her close to his body so she could feel his desire.

Victoria turned to him and tried to say the words, but they were stuck in the back of her throat, not out of fear, but because she wanted him so much she couldn't think clearly.

He bent down and kissed her, sensually assaulting her mouth with erotic kisses meant to tempt her. "Invite me inside, Victoria," he repeated, then bent to find the spot below her ear. Her knees gave out as soon as he found the spot and all she could do was beg.

"Please," she said and grabbed his shoulders as the only solid thing in her world.

He lifted her off her feet and carried her into the room, kicking the door closed with his foot. He settled her on her feet right beside the bed and kissed her again, and amazingly it was more passionate than before.

"I can't believe I've been able to wait this long," he said against her throat.

Victoria was speechless. Her heart was beating and she was scared but she was so ready she felt as if she was going to light on fire if he didn't take her immediately. She reached out and touched his shoulders and felt his hands on the hem of her tee-shirt once he pulled it out of the waistband of her jeans. Then his hands were touching bare skin on her back and she gasped.

"I know. I feel it too," he said and took her mouth in his while he worked the rest of her shirt out of her waistband. He then lifted her shirt over her head to reveal a black lace bra underneath.

"My god, you're beautiful," he said, noting that the lace barely covered her nipples. "I always wondered what kind of underwear you'd have on. Ever since I saw your stockings. You've been driving me nuts, my imagination going wild." He continued to look at her, his hands resting just below her breasts on her rib cage, his thumb rubbing the sensitive skin distractedly.

Victoria shyly looked up at him. She wanted to cover herself up, not used to having someone look at her this way. But the look in his eyes changed her mind. He liked what he saw and it made her proud instead of embarrassed that she had such risque underthings on.

"Thomas, please," she said, looking at him with her need in her eyes. "I don't know what to say or do."

Thomas understood and he stepped forward, taking her lips in his again. He picked her up and laid her back down on the bed, then stood over her while he pulled her jeans off, slowly sliding them down her legs, his eyes devouring every inch that he revealed to his hungry gaze.

He tossed her jeans to the side with no regard for where they landed, then slid his hand up her legs, reveling in the softness of her calves and thighs. Her hand caught his as he reached her hips and he chuckled at her shyness but continued with his exploration, but on the outside of her hips, moving upward to caress her stomach. His mouth followed where his hands led, investigating every beautiful, sexy inch of her body with his lips and his tongue.

Victoria inhaled sharply when his tongue delved into her belly button, her whole body tingling as he set her on fire with his touch. She wanted to do the same to him, but he shook his head and trapped her hands over head. "I can't let you touch me, not tonight," he said, his voice raspy as he reached down and kissed her stomach, then moved higher, nuzzling the underside of her right breast.

"Thomas please!" she demanded restlessly, her legs rubbing against his jean clad leg, her hands straining at his gentle, vice-like grip, trying to free themselves as she moaned in frustration, desire pouring like lava through her body, coiling in her stomach.

"Please what?" he asked and bent down to kiss her mouth with a long, drugging kiss.

"I don't know," she called out as soon as he lifted his mouth from hers. Victoria writhed under his hand as it moved from her shoulder down to her breast to cradle the softness. "What are you doing to me?"

"The same thing you're doing to me," he said and took her nipple in his mouth through the lace fabric. Victoria cried out with the desire his mouth created within her. "The same thing you've been doing to me for the past few months in my sleep. Every night you come to me in my dreams and I make love to you, just like this. The reality is so much better," he said, his voice was velvet roughness to her ears.

Victoria arched her back and struggled to free her hands. He let her hands go and she held onto his head, holding it where it was, but not sure how much longer she could endure the pleasure his mouth was inflicting on her.

With a swift move, he removed her bra, tossing it to the side. He stood up quickly and pulled his clothes off and was back against her nakedness within moments. Victoria loved the feeling of his skin but her mind again went blank when he took her nipple in his mouth, lathed the left breast as his hands moved along her side, touching her hip. He pulled her on top of him and her legs straddled his hips. But he wouldn't let her sit up, holding her breast over his mouth.

Finally, she sat up and looked down at him. She wasn't sure what to do, but found herself fascinated by his chest. It was muscular with a thin sprinkling of hair across the top, forming a V as it moved down to his waist. Her fingers trailed down his skin, marveling as the muscles flexed wherever she touched.

Her finger moved over his nipple accidentally but his reaction was instantaneous. He sucked in his breath and he pulled her hand away. Victoria liked that reaction and her eyes showed that she was fascinated. Since he was holding her hands away from his chest, she shyly bent over and gently touched him with her tongue where her fingers had just been.

Thomas groaned and rolled her onto her back again. "I can't take much more," he said and kissed her stomach, his hands quickly removed her underwear. His hand released hers and moved down her hip to her knee, then up again but on the inside this time. Victoria's knees instantly closed. Thomas kissed her nipples again and her body reacted instantly, giving Thomas access to her most private spot.

When his fingers found her moist center, Victoria's eyes flew open and her hand grabbed his wrist. "No," she inhaled.

"Why?" Thomas asked, noting the passion glazed look. "I won't hurt you, I promise," he said and kissed her again.

His kiss melted away all her resistance and his finger eased inside. Thomas almost lost his control when he found her slick and ready for him. He wanted to bury himself inside her, possess her completely and brand her body with his. But he understood that she wasn't sure what to do and he wanted to make sure she experienced the same pleasure he knew he would find with their mating.

Easing his fingers out, he reached for the foil package he'd left on the side of the bed and tore it open. Then he moved between her legs again, placing his own heat where his fingers had just been, pressing his manhood into her softness and groaning when he was fully embedded within her moistness. "You feel so good!" he groaned and slowly started moving. As soon as he did, her body rose to meet his thrusts, more than matching his passion.

Thomas knew he was close to his orgasm so he reached down between their bodies. As soon as his fingers found her nubbin, she splintered in his arms, instantly reaching her climax. Thomas quickly followed and it felt like his whole body was draining of tension.

It took a long time for their bodies to come back down to earth. Thomas was the first to move and he rolled off her, pulling her against his side with one muscular arm. Victoria's breathing finally returned to normal and she ran her fingers along his chest, teasing the nipples again.

Thomas instantly stopped her movement. "You're asking for trouble," he chuckled.

Victoria stopped instantly, not sure what that meant. She wanted to explore his body, but wasn't sure about the appropriateness of that.

Thomas sensed her confusion and rolled over so he was looking down at her. "What are you thinking about?" he asked, his hand gently pushing the hair out of her face.

She blushed and turned her face away. "Nothing in particular."

Thomas laughed, a deep sound that reverberated in his chest. "I think there's something very particular that you're thinking. Why don't you tell me about it?"

She thought about what was on her mind and pushed the idea away. She wasn't that comfortable with her sexuality.

"Say it, Victoria," he groaned, noticing the color in her cheeks and the way she was biting her lower lip. "Ask me anything."

"There isn't anything I wanted to ask," she said, but looked at his shoulders, fascinated by his skin and muscles.

"Can you answer one of mine then?"

She nodded her head.

"Why have you never..." she covered his mouth with her hand so he couldn't finish.

"Because I've never..." she couldn't finish the statement either.

Thomas understood that she was shy and couldn't articulate what her body had just gone through. "It isn't a bad thing, Victoria. I'm just wondering why you've never experienced the feeling before."

"What makes you think I haven't experienced it before?"

He raised an eyebrow and chuckled. "Victoria, you've never found satisfaction in bed before, have you?"

"Well, not in the physical sense."

"Why not?"

"I've never been with anyone that makes me feel comfortable."

"And I do?" he watched her face and loved the beauty of her eyes. "I'm not sure I like the fact that you're saying I'm a comfortable lover," he teased.

She laughed at his joke. "There's no way I'd label you as a comfortable lover." She searched for the words that would describe what she was feeling. "You just overwhelm me with feelings other than shyness. You don't really leave any room for anything but making love," she said finally.

"Would you mind if I overwhelmed you again?" he said, his mouth moving to nibble on her jaw, her ear, moving lower.

Victoria gasped, her body instantly reacting to his again. This time the feelings were more intense, more immediate. Also, this time she wanted to participate more. She wouldn't let him hold her hands. If he got to touch, she wanted the same privileges.

They made love two more times that night. It was dawn before she finally got to sleep and she slept curled up in his arms, barely moving because of her exhaustion.

The next morning, she woke up alone in the large bed, but heard the shower running. She disentangled her legs from the sheets and walked into the bathroom in her robe, intending just to say good morning. But when she saw his body, lathered in soap, she couldn't move. The next thing she knew, the door to the shower opened up and he grabbed her wrist and gently pulled her into the shower with him. She quickly discarded the robe she'd just belted only a moment before the water hit her.

They made love in the shower, then again on the bathroom floor outside the shower. Victoria had always thought that the bathroom floor would be a very bad place to make love because of the cold, hard tiles underneath. But Thomas heated her up and never gave her a chance to think about the hard tiles beneath her.

Once their passion had waned for the moment, she looked up at the bathroom ceiling. "I guess I'd better take another shower."

Thomas rolled over to her and kissed her neck. "I'll join you." He said.

"No, you won't. I'll never get showered," she said, laughing as she pulled away from him.

She managed to jump away from his hands moments before they almost closed around her ankle and slammed the door shut quickly.

"Fine, have it your way. But I won't always be a gentleman about the issue," he said, opening the shower door and leering at her naked body. Victoria watched him walk out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and wanted to call him back but controlled herself. She felt wanton and a little concerned over the fact.

Since it was their last day alone, they spent the morning sitting on the balcony sipping coffee, eating croissants and reading the newspaper. The afternoon was spent going through more museums and walking along the Seine. Dinner was spent in bed, making love and feeding each other as they talked about whatever came to mind.

On Wednesday, they were back at work. Thomas met Bob and Mike at the airport and brought them to the Paris office then distributed the assignments. Victoria threw herself into the project Thomas assigned to her and thrived. She worked later than the others in an effort to make sure Thomas didn't allow her any partiality.

She worked hard all day but each night, Thomas came to her room and they made love until dawn.

That pace kept up while they were in London so by the end of the second week, she was exhausted and slept the whole flight back to Washington, D.C.

Victoria arrived back at her apartment, dropped her bags near the sofa and fell into bed that Friday night. She slept all the way through until Saturday evening when someone started pounding on her door.

She pulled herself out of bed, not bothering to pull on a robe since she assumed it was Laci who was coming over to study later that day. Victoria knew her sister had finals coming up soon and was nervous about some of her classes. Laci had asked if she could come over to Victoria's apartment to study and get away from the crowds at the library and the noise in the dorms where she was a resident advisor to an entire floor of university freshmen.

Victoria unlocked the door and opened it up, not really opening her eyes because she assumed her sister would just come in and make herself comfortable.

"Where the hell have you been?" Thomas asked, storming into her apartment behind her.

Victoria jumped a foot, partly because he sounded so angry and partly because she had been wondering where he was and what he was doing. It was very odd to hear his voice right after her mind formed the thought about him.

"Thomas, what are you doing here?" she asked, pulling at her tee-shirt and immediately wishing she had a comb for her hair and a toothbrush.

"I've been trying to call you for the past twenty four hours. Where have you been?" he demanded, his hands on his hips as he waited for her answer.

"I've been here, sleeping," she said, becoming defensive at his accusatory tone.

"Why? Are you sick?" he said, the sarcasm in his tone confirming his disbelief.

Victoria squared her shoulders and confronted him head on. "I think you'd better spell out exactly what you are thinking."

Thomas closed the distance and looked down at her. "Who was here last night? Why didn't you answer your phone?"

Victoria poked a finger in the middle of his chest, emphasizing her words, "I was here, alone, exhausted because you and I have been up each night making love until morning. So I've gotten a total of about six hours of sleep in the past three days."

Thomas looked shocked. "You weren't with Barry?"

Victoria's eyes narrowed. "Again I ask, what exactly are you thinking?" She wanted to hit him, she was so furious at his unspoken accusation. "I told you two weeks ago that we broke up. Do you really think I'm the kind of woman that would lie to you? Was there any moment during the past two weeks when you had any doubt about me?" she demanded. She no longer cared that she looked like a mess. She was too furious with Thomas.

Her anger defused his. He lost his angry stance and stared at the furious beauty standing in front of him in pajamas that turned him on just as much as her sexy underwear. Thomas put his hands in his pockets and shrugged his shoulders. "I'm thinking you walked away from the plane yesterday without saying anything to me. Then you avoided my phone calls all night." He smiled sheepishly. "I'm sorry. But our last conversation about your fiance was after he called and I stormed out of your hotel room."

Victoria tried to remain angry but he was basically admitting he was jealous. That had to mean he felt something other than jus sexual for her, right?

Her anger left her body, the tension draining from her shoulders. "Thomas, I broke up with Barry that night," she said, folding her arms across her chest, trying to hold onto her anger despite his repentant attitude.

Thomas shrugged again. "Well, you didn't say anything more about it other than the fact that it was over." After a pause he said, "I'm sorry." He pulled his hands out of his pockets and reached for her arms.

"No, I'm still mad at you," she said and slipped away, moving across the room and out of his long arm's reach. "You have some explaining to do, buddy. If you'll look behind you you'll see my luggage still sitting where I left it. I think my suit is on the floor of my bedroom. You're wearing me out with this pace of yours," she said, her face turning just a slight shade of pink when she talked about the number of times they made love each night.

He stalked her slowly, challenged by her avoidance tactics. "Didn't you say you were exhausted? I think you should go back to bed," he said, leering at her slim body clad only in one of his tee shirts she'd borrowed and forgotten to return to him. His hands reached for her again.

Victoria yelped and jumped away, unable to contain her laughter. Thomas in a playful mood was too infectious. "Thomas you leave right now. I know that look in your eyes and we won't get any sleep." She moved so that a chair was between the two of them, thinking the furniture would slow him down. She was wrong.

"I promise I'll let you sleep," he said and grabbed her arms in one swift movement. She wasn't really sure how he did it but she found herself on the other side of the chair suddenly. He was so strong he flipped her into the air, then turned her around so he could kiss her, still holding her gently in his arms.

Just as she knew would happen, at the first contact with his body, she was lost. When his lips found hers, she wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs held him around his waist. She finally gave in to the passion that was always just below the surface whenever he was near her.

Thomas stood there kissing her in the middle of her family room for a long minute, holding her suspended in mid air. Eventually, he moved to the breakfast bar that divided her family room from the kitchen, placing her on it and moving between her legs. From this position, Victoria was finally at eye level with him and she threw herself into the kiss, knowing and already prepared for where it would lead them.

"Oh, my," a female voice said from the doorway. "I think I'm interrupting something. Perhaps I should call before coming over next time," Laci said, a huge grin on her face as she witnessed her sister kissing a tall, gorgeous man that looked suspiciously like the picture from an internet site she'd seen several months ago.

"Laci!" Victoria gasped, her legs dropping from his waist and her arms pushing at Thomas's shoulders so she could jump down from her countertop.

But her sister was already out of her apartment and he didn't move fast enough for Victoria to catch up to her sister. "Wait, I need to talk to her. She probably has the wrong idea."

Thomas laughed but stepped back and lifted her gently down to the floor. "I doubt she has the wrong idea, but try and convince her otherwise," he mumbled to her departing back.

Victoria ran out of her apartment and down the hallway, catching sight of her sister just as the elevator doors closed on her and she waived happily. "Laci, come back! I can explain."

"No need for explanations. I understand completely." Laci disappeared behind the closing elevator doors.

Victoria walked back to her apartment and closed the door, making sure all the locks clicked into place this time. She saw Thomas looking out her window and waived to what she suspected was Victoria's sister but wasn't positive.

Thomas watched a petite brunette leave the building and glance back up at the balcony, waiving. She was a little ball of fire from what he could see of her.

"She's gone," he said and turned back to face a distraught Victoria. "She seemed nice," he said, holding back the laughter since he suspected it might bother her more than the idea that her baby sister had seen them in a compromising position.

"She's great," Victoria nodded.

"What's the problem?" he asked, walking over to stand in front of her.

"I just don't want her to get the wrong idea."

There was a small moment of quiet before he asked, "What would be the right idea?"

Victoria sensed the tension in him but didn't understand it. She felt it herself. Neither one of them had talked about their relationship except in terms of boss and employee. It was as if defining what they had with each other might cause some sort of rift between the two of them. So it remained unspoken.

"I don't know. But she probably thinks the wrong thing."

"What do you want the truth to be?" he asked quietly.

Victoria tried to remain casual. She shrugged her shoulders and tried to come up with the right answer - what he wanted to hear. She didn't want to love him because she knew she'd be hurt later on when he moved to his next girlfriend.

"I think we're friends," she said cautiously.

"Is that all?"

"Lovers?" she ventured.

"Is that what you want us to be? Lovers?"

"I think it has a nice ring to it," she replied, wondering if that was too much for him at this point in their relationship. She swallowed hard, hoping he wouldn't laugh, or worse, leave her.

Suddenly, he seemed to shake off the tension. A smile formed on his features. "If we're lovers, shouldn't you be back up on the counter?" he joked.

She was so relieved that he didn't mind being considered her lover, Victoria laughed. "Among other places," she countered. In her most private moments, she admitted that she wanted to be more, much more to Thomas. But those were forbidden thoughts and were better left unspoken.

Thomas pulled her back into his arms and swung her legs up high into the air. "You're kind of saucy for someone so little. Do you think that's safe?"

Victoria laughed as he tossed her to the middle of the bed. "Probably not," she replied, then watched as he peeled his shirt off over his head. She sighed, loving the sight of his body, amazed at how wonderfully put together he was.

"What other places would you suggest?" he asked, taking off his belt, sliding his jeans down his long legs, revealing blue boxer shorts beneath.

Victoria had trouble concentrating on the conversation as she watched him pull his boxers off. "I think you're probably more creative than I am in that area."

He lowered his naked body down to hers. "I think this is the perfect place for the moment except for a major issue."

"What's that?" she asked, gasping as his hands slid underneath her tee-shirt.

"You're wearing too many clothes," he said and pulled her shirt over her head. He then pulled her underwear off and covered her nakedness with his own.

Several hours later, Victoria was sitting on her sofa. Thomas had gone out to the grocery store to get some food and Victoria dialed her sister's number.

"Hi Vic!" Laci said as soon as she picked up the phone.

"How did you know it would be me?" Victoria asked, nervous now that explanations were due.

"Well, I realized what was happening, then extrapolated on the time of your call," Laci laughed. "But I was off by about two hours," she said, cracking herself up. "He's hot. Is he who I think he is?"

"Who do you think he is?" Victoria asked, stalling for time.

"Is he your boss? The one and only Thomas Attracelli? The one that I told you was a hottie from the website? The one you said was attractive as if he would look nice up on your mantle instead of where he should be - in your bed?"

"Well, I guess he's one and the same. Although I'm not sure about the last few descriptions."

"What happened with Barry?" Laci asked excitedly, wanting more details and not afraid to ask for them.

"I broke up with him. He didn't take it well." Victoria didn't like thinking back to the way she'd treated Barry but Laci was her sister. If anyone would understand, it would be Laci who never judged Victoria.

Laci laughed, delighted. "I would imagine not. You're a beautiful, successful, intelligent and witty woman and his lack of dynamism and procrastination meant he lost out on a pretty fabulous woman."

Victoria chuckled. "You're good for my ego, Lac."

"You don't need me for that, Vic. You just hang on to Mr. Hunk and you'll get much more." Victoria loved the way Laci's excitement infected her from across town.

"Well, don't count on anything coming of this," Victoria warned her sister, not sure herself of what Thomas wanted out of their affair. Their small discussion earlier this evening was the first time they'd actually attempted to define their relationship, scary though it was.

Laci laughed and Victoria could hear several books drop onto the floor. "I'm sorry you wern't able to have peace and quiet while you studied. Were you able to get much done?"

"Not really. I kept wondering what was going on over at your place."

"Well, I'll be leaving for New York Monday morning. Do you want to get together tomorrow night for dinner? Can you spare the time?" she asked, and watched as Thomas carried in several bags of groceries.

"Sounds good to me. I'm guessing by the background noise that your hunk just came back from whatever errand you sent him on. Am I right?"

"Thomas just brought back some groceries," Victoria confirmed, using his first name instead of Laci's new nickname for him. She wasn't sure how Thomas would take to being called Mr. Hunk.

"Oh yummy!" Laci exclaimed. "He's gorgeous, intelligent and he cooks! What more could a woman ask for?"

"I have to go. I'll see you about six for dinner?" Victoria asked.

"Sure. Have a great night!" and Laci hung up the phone.

Victoria put the phone back in its cradle then walked over to see what Thomas had brought. "Did you buy enough food?" she asked, astonished by the number of bags filled with groceries.

Thomas chuckled. "I know. But when I cook I don't like to have to do without. And they don't sell many things for a one night, two person meal."

"Is there anything I can do to help?"

"Yes," he said and handed her a bottle of wine. "Pour this. I have no idea where your wine glasses are."

Victoria opened the bottle and poured it into two wine glasses. She took a sip and loved the rich, red texture. "What are you cooking?" she asked and propped herself up on a kitchen stool.

"Chicken Piccata."

"Wow! You really are a cook. Will it taste good?" she teased.

Thomas glared at her. "For that, you will be put to work," he said and handed her a knife and some garlic.

They cooked together and talked, Thomas being as much a task master in the kitchen as he was in the office so Victoria had to really work to keep up with him.

They ate out on the balcony where it was cool, but the summer humidity had died down so it wasn't uncomfortable. The evening turned out to be lazy and wonderful while they talked about everything from politics to sports. Victoria was always amazed at how knowledgeable he was in almost every subject.

They made love during the night and fell asleep in each other's arms. Victoria reveled in the feelings he could incite within her with just a touch even after two weeks. He knew all the right places to touch her and encouraged her to explore him as well, freeing her even more to enjoy the wonders of each other's bodies. He appeased her curiosity both physically and sexually. It was a wonder to Victoria each time they made love.

The sun was just starting to come up over the horizon when Victoria stirred. She didn't have long to wonder if Thomas was awake. As soon as she moved, she knew he was up and waiting for her.

"Good morning," she said and rolled onto her back to smile up at him.

"Good morning," he replied, and kissed her gently. "Will you come with me today?" he asked after pulling back.

"That depends. Where did you want to go?"

"Tell me you'll come before I tell you where we'll go."

Victoria shook her head. "Nope, I don't trust you."

Thomas laughed. "Smart woman." His fingers touched her breast and his lips kissed the tip, making her mind reel at the desire rampaging through her body.

"What were you planning?" she gasped, her fingers stroking his neck, her nails grazing his back where she knew he was extra sensitive, giving as good as he was doling out.

"I want you to come to lunch with me today," he said and pulled her on top of his chest. Her hair pooled around them, creating a canopy around their faces. His hand rested on her bottom as he talked to her.

"That doesn't seem too hard," she replied. "Why the secrecy?"

He rolled her over onto her back and pulled her arms over her head and started kissing her neck. "At my brother's house," he clarified and braced himself for the fight.

Victoria stiffened. "Just your brother will be there?" She didn't want to hear the answer, knowing it would be more than jus this brother by the way he was asking her. There was much more to this conversation and he wasn't giving her details quickly, which meant he was holding something back.

Thomas lifted his head and looked her in the eye but wouldn't release her arms. "There might be a few other people there. I never know who is going to show up."

She understood what he was saying. It was possible all his brothers and his extended family could show up. Victoria shook her head. "No. I'm not sure that would be a good idea."

Thomas sighed. "Ok. I can see that you aren't ready for that. But will you think about it for the next time we're in town? I don't want to push you."

Victoria relaxed and nodded her head, relieved that he had let the subject drop so easily. She wasn't sure what Sunday lunches meant to Thomas so she didn't want to venture into that area.

Thomas left a few hours later after a lazy breakfast and a shower. He mentioned something about going to church with his family and then lunch at Sal's house afterwards but she didn't know what that meant in so far as family members and formality of the day.

She called her parents and talked to them for a while, then spent a boring afternoon washing clothes and packing for the next trip. She looked at the agenda for the next few weeks and was relieved that there were only minor audits coming up. She'd done so many of them lately she knew she could handle them.

Dinner with Laci was a trial. Laci interrogated Victoria on her relationship with Thomas and wouldn't relent until Victoria snapped at her. "Look, Laci, I don't know where this is going with Thomas. I know you want me to tell you that everything is going to work out well, but I can't guarantee it. Not all romances end that way. Things are complicated."

Laci was immediately contrite. "I'm sorry, Vic. I didn't know you were having problems. From what I saw yesterday, everything looked wonderful."

"Well, well, well, if it isn't the little world traveler." A familiar, snarling voice said from behind Victoria.

Victoria looked up and saw Barry and a tall, blond woman closing in on their table.

"Hello, Barry," Victoria said, tensing at his slightly inebriated state.

"Aren't you supposed to be in some wonderful, far off place cheating on me?" he asked, his tone getting louder.

Victoria hated scenes and people were starting to stare at them. "Barry, you remember my sister, Laci, right?"

Laci stood up and took Barry's hand in hers. "It's great to meet you again, Barry. We've only met once." Laci took charge of the situation wonderfully. "How is the practice going? Is everything well? You're in criminal law, correct?"

Barry was taken aback by Laci's questions and her enthusiastic interest. He was off balance and didn't know how to handle Victoria's sister, who he'd thought didn't like him. "Everything is going well, thank you for asking," he replied politely despite the alcohol. "And yes, I'm in criminal law. You're in law school, right?

"That's right!" Laci said excitedly. "I'm in my last semester of my last year, thank goodness," she said, sighing deeply.

"When do you take the bar exam?" he asked, desperately looking for an escape now. Victoria smiled as she recognized his confusion. Barry's only defense against an unknown threat was to escape. The idea didn't bother her in the least since she hadn't wanted to talk to him in the first place.

"In a few months," Laci smiled, then turned to the blond woman who had been silent up to that point. "I'm sorry, but I don't think we've been introduced," she said, turning to the blond woman draped over Barry's arm.

"I'm Ann," she said in a grating voice.

Victoria could see the mischief in Laci's eyes and knew her little sister was dying to make some remark about the woman's vacuous expression. Laci hated women who didn't do something with their minds and this woman seriously looked like she was trailing after Barry.

"Ann, that's a very nice sweater you have on. It looks wonderful with your eyes."

Ann giggled and preened at the compliment. "Thank you," she said and smoothed the soft blue sweater more smoothly down over her black skirt.

Laci waited, expecting the woman to continue the conversation but there was only silence afterwards. "Well, I imagine you two have a wonderful night ahead of you, so we won't keep you. Thank you so much for stopping by to say hello."

Victoria was always amazed at how well Laci could control a situation and sure enough, Barry and Ann stepped away from the table, just as Laci had directed them to do, and moved on out of the restaurant with no other snide comments uttered.

"You're amazing," Victoria said, both laughter and pride in her voice.

Laci just shrugged and sat back down across from her sister. "I just didn't want to deal with a scene. You've come a long way as well. I can't believe how confidently you act now. You've always been very assertive, but the past few months, you've really started to shine."

Victoria realized it was all because of Thomas's influence. He had taught her to speak out in staff meetings and talk about an idea when she thought of it. The team thrived on each other's ideas and it was rubbing off into other aspects of her life.

"I guess I've had to strike out a bit more in this job," Victoria said. But then she changed the subject. "I wish I could see Mom and Dad. I haven't seen them for about six months."

"They'll be here for my graduation in a few months. Will you be here?"

Victoria nodded. "I wouldn't miss it."

"What's your schedule like for the next few months? Where will you be?"

They discussed the events that were happening in the next few months and where each of them will be. They splurged on dessert before Laci admitted she needed to get back to study.

The next month flew by in a whirl. The team was in London for two weeks, home for a weekend, then off to three different cities, one every three days with a long weekend in between each. The days were busy and seemed to pass by in a blur whereas the nights were long and slow as Victoria and Thomas made love each night, then fell asleep in each other's arms. But neither would discuss the future or anything serious. They had been lovers for two months but it seemed that any serious discussion was immediately shelved for another time. Unfortunately, that time never seemed to arrive.

Victoria worked hard and, with the help of the team, came up with some great ideas on improving the efficiency of several of the branch offices or factories for the financial areas. Professionally, she was soaring beyond anything she ever could have dreamed of doing.

Personally, she was living in limbo. Until one afternoon in Savanah, Georgia.

Victoria was sitting at the conference table trying to concentrate. Mike and Bob were at one end conferring about some issue while Thomas was at the other end. She was having difficulty concentrating because she kept feeling Thomas's eyes on her. And each time she'd look up to find out, she was right. The intensity of his gaze took her breath away. Each time he looked at her, his message was clear. He wanted her. And Victoria felt the same way.

It was mid afternoon and the phone started ringing. Thomas immediately picked it up. He listened for a moment then his eyes lit up. "Hi! Are you behaving?" he asked, laughing at the response.

Victoria's stomach clenched. She had no idea who he was talking to but she didn't like it. And she didn't like the jealousy clawing at her heart. She tried not to listen, but she couldn't seem to block out the conversation.

"I know, I know. I haven't been back in a while," he said and stood up to look out the windows. "No I haven't been hiding anything," he said and glanced back at Victoria.

Something inside her froze at that glance. How could he? Was he talking to that woman? She had completely blocked her existence out of her mind but the conversation Thomas was having over the phone had to be with her. Victoria didn't know of any other woman, other than the infamous and purportedly beautiful, amazing Antonia, that Thomas had ever spoken to besides business associates. Victoria had been working for Thomas long enough to know that he didn't speak to business associates like he was now.

"No, I'll be there. I promise." There was another long pause. "Antonia, I told you I'd be there and I promise I will. I know I've let you down for the past few months but I'll be there." Another pause. "Yes, hopefully I'll have something important to tell you."

Victoria couldn't take it anymore. She felt as if she were dying inside as Thomas talked to his other woman. She had to be another lover - and Victoria hated that thought. Because Victoria realized that she herself was actually the "other woman", not the other way around. Antonia, whoever she is, had Thomas first. Victoria had always known about Antonia. So Thomas was cheating on his girlfriend, or worse - possibly his fiance, with her. And what was the "big news" he hoped to convey when he got back home. Victoria was sick to her stomach wondering what he might be excited to tell this woman and a jealous rage took over.

She walked out of the conference room, needing someplace to break down and cry. Some place private. She would not embarrass herself in front of Thomas. She needed to have something left over and pride was about all she could claim right now. And not very much of that, she thought as she stood up to leave, pretending a sudden interest in a file.

Victoria made it to the bathrooms before she broke down. She put her face in her hands and sobbed out her misery. How could he do this to her? Of all the things about Thomas that she loved, one of them was his integrity and honesty. But she couldn't really blame him. He had never hidden his relationship with Antonia from her. And he'd never claimed anything other than an attraction with her. No, Thomas had never led her to believe that he wanted anything more than a physical relationship with her.

She'd deluded herself into thinking that he was starting to care for her. She knew that she was already hopelessly in love with him, and didn't expect her feelings to be returned. But she definitely wasn't expecting this. She should have, she thought to herself, wiping the tears away with a rough paper towel. It was a useless endeavor though. As soon as she wiped one tear away, there was another immediately behind to take it's place.

Victoria wasn't sure how long she'd been crying but knew it had been too long. Someone was bound to come looking for her. She needed to snap out of this so she could get through the end of the day. After a good talk, where she reminded herself that she'd known all along that this probably wouldn't be a long term relationship, she was able to pull herself together. She stopped crying and looked at her reflection in the mirror. Victoria was shocked at how awful she looked. Her eyes were puffy and her mascara was all down her face. Even her lips were swollen from the salt in her tears.

She ran cold water over her cheeks, attempting to get rid of some of the redness. She didn't have her purse with her to repair most of the damage, but she couldn't do anything about that. She'd just have to tough it out. Maybe she could hide in the accounting department for a while to get herself back together.

Victoria made it all the way to the elevator. It was just about to open when she heard her name called from the direction of the conference room. Thomas was standing in the doorway. She glanced back and waived to him but stepped into the elevators anyway, ignoring his call for her to stop.

"I'll be right back. I just need one more file," she said as the doors closed.

Victoria went into the large filing room and hid among the stacks of filing cabinets. She leaned against the cold metal and took deep breaths, wondering how she was going to get through the rest of the day.

She'd have to quit, she told herself and that almost made her start crying again. She loved this job and all the different challenges each new city presented. But she didn't think she'd be able to work with Thomas, not loving him and watching him love another woman.

"Victoria?" Thomas's deep voice called from the entrance to the filing room.

Victoria quickly wiped the tears from her face.

"Victoria?" he called again. "Are you ok?" he asked.

"I'm over here," she called and quickly pulled a file out of a cabinet and pretended to read it.

"What's wrong?" he asked, coming around the corner, one hand braced on each side of the filing cabinets.

"Nothing," she said, forcing a bright smile.

Thomas walked down the aisle to stand directly in front of her. He took a moment to study her face then shook his head. "You've been crying. Is everything okay?"

Victoria looked down at the file. "Everything is fine. I just needed to look something up."

He glanced down at the title. "An expense report for a Christmas party?"

Victoria focused on the words and let out a deep breath. "Well, I thought it was something else."

"What are you looking for? I'll help you find it."

"That's okay. I can find it on my own," she said, looking down so he couldn't see the tears forming in her eyes.

Thomas moved closer to her. "Victoria, something has obviously upset you. Please tell me what happened. I promise I can make it better," he said and started to pull her into his arms.

Victoria jumped back. "No!" she cried and small tears formed in the corners of her eyes. "I'm fine, really."

He shook his head. "You're not fine. Tell me what happened?"

"Nothing."

Thomas pushed a hand through his hair. "Okay, so you don't want to talk about it now. Will you tell me about it later tonight?'

This was going to be the hard part. She decided the best way to do this was to just spit it out. Taking a deep breath, she said, "Thomas, I think we should keep our distance."

There was a long moment of silence before he responded. "Okay. I can respect that. But I'll need an explanation."

Victoria's hand shook as she pulled open the filing cabinet and slid the file back into it's place. "I just think we should get back onto a professional relationship."

"Why?" he asked again. "What happened between this morning and now that has turned you around like this? You have to admit this is rather sudden."

Victoria shrugged and turned her back to him, unable to face him. She was near to tears again and didn't want him to know it. "It isn't really," she lied. "I've been thinking about it for a while. I just haven't said anything to you about it."

He sighed in frustration. Leaning his hands against the filing cabinets, he looked up at the ceiling, trying to get control of his temper. "I've felt like we needed to have a serious discussion. This wasn't the way I'd thought it would go though." He sighed again and rubbed his hands over his face. "Why haven't you said something before now? What's so special about today? Did someone say something to make you feel this way?"

Victoria shook her head. "I've been waiting for the right time," she lied. "That moment just never seemed to arrive."

"Until now?" he looked around the filing room. "This is the right time and place?"

"Well, no. But like I said, it is something that needed to be said and there really wasn't a good time to do it."

Thomas shook his head. "Victoria, this isn't right. You know we're good together. What happened?" Thomas took her arms in his strong hands and turned her towards him. "What's going on? Not even ten hours ago, you were in my arms and we couldn't get enough of each other. Now you want to just go back to the way we were before?" The last sentence was said in a growl of disbelief.

Victoria couldn't look at him so she just nodded her head.

"Why?" His anger was barely contained.

She took a deep breath, praying she wouldn't break down in front of him. "I just don't think I can handle the kind of relationship you expect from me."

"What are you talking about?" he demanded. "What kind of relationship to you think I want?"

"I think you expect something I'm not emotionally able to give you. So I think we should just go back to..."

"Don't say it," he said and took a step back. He pushed both hands through his hair in frustration and walked away from her a few steps. Then turned back, both hands on his hips. "You're saying you want us to work together, just like we used to, but pretend we don't feel the way we do, that the last two months never happened?"

Victoria shivered at the idea. It wasn't what she wanted. She wanted, needed, to feel his strong arms around her again. She needed for him to tell her that whoever Antonia was, that she didn't mean anything to him and that he was starting to care, just a little bit, for her. Instead, Victoria nodded, unable to speak for a moment. "Maybe it would be best if I just left the team," she said, her voice cracking at the idea.

"Don't even think about it!" he hissed. "If you try, I'll slap a lawsuit on you so fast you'll never see the outside of a courthouse."

Victoria couldn't believe what she was hearing. "But...."

"No," he sliced his hand through the air, cutting her off. "You can't handle what we have together, fine! But you're not leaving this team until the end of your contract" he said and walked out of the filing room.

Victoria stood there shaking. She'd never seen Thomas so angry. Would he really sue her for breach of contract? She guessed he had every right.

The more she thought about it, the angrier she got. She stormed back upstairs and sat down in her chair. She was glad that he'd said that. It made her angry instead of sad.

She worked until ten o'clock that night, not noticing Bob and Mike's curious expressions throughout the day as they glanced from her to Thomas. They understood that something was wrong, but not sure why there was suddenly tension so thick it was almost palpable.

"I'm going back to the hotel to work." Victoria declared, frustrated with the constant concerned looks from either Bob or Mike.

"Can't handle the heat, can you?" Thomas challenged, looking up from his papers.

"Can't handle the company," she fired back and stuffed papers and files into her briefcase and turned on her heal to leave.

Thomas didn't say anything else but he watched her leave, feeling frustrated and furious that she was doing this to them. He had been about to propose. He even had the ring in his pocket. He was glad she'd stopped him before he made a complete fool of himself. He had no idea what was going on, but if she couldn't handle an affair with him as she'd stated, then he doubted she could handle marriage to him.

He threw his pen down onto the conference room table and shoved his chair away. Standing up, he walked over to the window and looked out unseeingly at the darkened window.

What the hell had happened, he wondered? All morning, she'd been giving him looks that told him she felt exactly how he felt - that they'd both rather be alone and curled up in bed rather than dealing with all this mess.

Striding back to the table, he sat back down and pulled the papers back towards him, determined to get his work done.

Good riddance, he told himself. As long as she did her job, he could handle the situation. But the minute she started slacking off, he'd fire her. He had no intention of letting the rest of the team suffer because she was too scared to handle a long term relationship with him.

She'd been with him just for the sex! He could handle that. It had been the best sex he'd ever had in his life. Usually, the best sex with a woman was the first time with a partner. The mystery, the newness of the relationship created the tension that made the sex better and more interesting. After a while, the sex bored him.

With Victoria, Thomas discovered, he'd only been drawn in deeper with each encounter. Each time they touched, the heat was hotter, the passion more intense and the flames between them reached out and consumed everything around them. There was no place for anything between the two of them.

He slammed his file closed five minutes later, not able to concentrate on the words in front of him. "I'm done for tonight," he said and left the conference room, leaving both Mike and Bob with their mouths hanging open in shock.

Back at the hotel, he was too restless to sleep and there wasn't anything on television to watch. He went down to the hotel pool and swam laps, trying to exhaust himself. But that only brought back memories of their firs kiss.

He dried himself off and went back to his hotel room. Within five minutes, he was changed into a pair of running shorts and shoes. He went out the front of the hotel and started jogging, not caring about the streets or where he was going. He pushed himself harder, trying to rid himself of her memory. The pavement under his feet usually tapped out anything that was wrong and he was able to sort out whatever issue was bothering him. But after five miles, he headed back to the hotel. The run wasn't doing it for him this time. He couldn't get her memory out of his brain.

Back at the hotel, he went into the gym and lifted weights for a long time, feeling the pain of the workout. The weight lifting started to work. He pushed harder, lifted more weights until his body just wouldn't do anymore. He was physically exhausted and he moved back to his room, wondering what he was going to do next. It was too early to go to sleep and he wasn't hungry for anything.

He wracked his brain, trying to figure out what had happened between this morning and the afternoon when she'd left the conference room. There had to be a sign or something he should have been aware of that would put the fear of him back.

He got back to his room and poured himself a brandy, needing the fire to burn his throat. He showered and sat down in bed, then pulled the reports over to himself and forced himself to review them and pushed Victoria from his mind as best he could.

The weekend came and Thomas declared that they would take a long weekend. No one was more relieved than Victoria. She hadn't slept more than three hours each night, working herself to exhaustion each night and pushing herself harder and harder each day to satisfy Thomas who had become an ogre, never pleased with anything she'd given him, no matter how thorough the report was.

Back in Washington, D.C. she reached her apartment in record time. She rushed off the plane as soon as it was safe to open the doors. Without a backwards glance at the rest of the team, she stuffed her suitcase into her car and drove off. She drove as fast as possible to her solitary apartment, amazed that she didn't get a speeding ticket on the way. As soon as the door was closed behind her, she burst into tears. She yanked off her suit, grabbed the first tee-shirt she could find and fell into bed, crying herself to sleep.

By eleven o'clock the next morning, she was woken by someone banging on her apartment door. She assumed it was Laci who had somehow found out she was home. Victoria dragged herself out of bed and opened the door, not bothering to look back as she curled up on the sofa. "I'm sorry Laci, I'm not sure I'm up for a shopping trip today," she said and started closing her eyes.

"Good, because I'm not either," a deep voice said in response.

Victoria instantly woke up and sat straight up on the sofa. "What are you doing here? I thought you gave us the weekend off."

"You're wearing my tee shirt. I want it back." He said.

Victoria looked down at what she was wearing. And sure enough, it was his college tee shirt she'd grabbed the night she'd spent the night with him that first night. "No."

He walked up to her and gave her a hard look. "I could take it off you. I'll bet you wouldn't even fight it," he said softly. He watched her eyes turn to a mossy green as his suggestion sunk into her brain. He chuckled when he noticed how her body responded to him. "You need me just as much as I need you. Tell me what happened and I'll make it right," he grated out, frustrated as hell at her stubbornness.

She took a step backwards, wanting him to make things right so badly she actually ached to have him pull her into his arms. But she knew he couldn't do that. Victoria had ignored the reality of Antonia for too long. It was time to face up to it and break herself free of him. The longer she stayed in the relationship, the harder it would be to walk away when he married that woman. "Stop it, Thomas!" Victoria said and turned around, putting a large chair between the two of them. The tears were already forming in her eyes and she shielded her face from his knowing gaze.

"Fine. Have it your way. We'll both suffer," he said through clenched teeth.

"I'll bring your tee-shirt back on Monday, washed and wrapped."

"Forget it. That wasn't why I came by," he said and dropped some papers on her coffee table. "I need you to you redo this report. It won't work. I need a new solution by Monday morning." He started to leave.

He was almost to the door when she answered him with a simple, "No."

Her word stopped him in his tracks. "What did you say?" he asked and slowly turned around.

Victoria noticed the fire in his eyes but didn't care. She was not going to cower in front of him. "I said No. The idea is good and I'm not going to revise it."

Thomas walked over to stand directly in front of her, his blue eyes turning almost black as he gazed down at her face. Her determination to not be intimidated by him flew out the window as she stared up at his angry demeanor. "I said, it won't work. I want a new report on my desk by nine o'clock on Monday morning with you standing there to defend it. Do I make myself clear?"

Victoria could only nod but her chin went up a notch.

"Good," he said and turned around to head for the door. "Have a nice weekend," he said and slammed the door closed behind him.

Victoria picked up the report she'd done and threw it at the door, letting out a screech as she did. Then she collapsed on the sofa and burst into fresh tears.

"I hate him! I hate him!" She kept repeating the line over and over again as she picked up the report from her entry way, wanting to shred the papers instead of just gather them up and re-order them. Eventually, she would believe the line, she told herself as she curled up on her sofa, sobbing.

The phone rang and she picked it up absently, hoping it was her sister.

"Vic? What's wrong?" Laci said from the other end of the phone.

"Can you come over?" Victoria asked, her voice barely audible after her last angry outburst.

"I'll be there in fifteen minutes," she replied and hung up the phone.

Victoria was so glad that she had Laci right now. She needed someone to talk to and couldn't call her mother or father in Florida. They would be worried and might feel the need to fly up here. She didn't want them to worry and she knew they didn't have the money to fly up to Washington, D.C. on the spur of the moment.

Fifteen minutes later, Laci knocked on the door. As soon as Victoria answered it, she burst into tears and the two of them stood there, holding each other as Victoria cried her heart out in the open doorway.

With difficulty, Laci moved them into the apartment then guided her sister over to the sofa and sat her down, handing her a tissue at the same time. "Okay, start at the beginning. I can't understand you."

Victoria took a deep breath, trying to control her emotions. "It's Thomas. I broke up with him and now he's being awful to me."

"Oh, Victoria, why?"

Victoria laughed, but it was humorless. "Why did I break up with him or why is he being awful?"

Laci smiled at her older sister's pathetic, tear stained face. "I'm guessing the one has to do with the other but I'm not sure which came first. Was it the break up or the emergence of an ogre that precipitated the other?"

Victoria sniffled. "I broke up with him first. Now he's being awful to me. He rejected an idea I had just out of spite and demanded that I work all weekend to revise it. When I told him I wouldn't do it, he got even nastier."

"That doesn't sound like the man you've been describing to me for the past eight months."

Victoria shrugged daintily. "I guess I just didn't know him, then."

Laci smothered a laugh. "Why don't you start at the beginning? Why did you break up with him? I know you are in love with him. I thought things were going along well."

"How did you know I was in love with him?" she asked her little sister. "Oh, never mind. It's irrelevant since it's over anyway." Victoria stood up and paced her small apartment. "I had to," she explained, throwing her arms up in the air, tissue floating along the way as well. "I'd forgotten something important but it was brought up again and I couldn't ignore it anymore."

Laci waited for her to continue. When she didn't, she prompted, "Are you going to explain that mysterious statement or should I start guessing? I could you know. You remember how often I guessed my Christmas presents each year."

The memory of Laci lying underneath the Christmas tree, shaking her presents and guessing what they were, usually correctly within two or three guesses, brought a smile to Victoria's face. She wished things were simple like that again. It seemed that nothing was simple anymore. Life was way too complicated now.

Taking a deep breath, she admitted her awful situation. "I've become the other woman, I guess is the easiest way to explain it."

Laci gasped. "Thomas is seeing other women?"

Victoria shook her head. "Not exactly, which makes it slightly worse."

"Worse than cheating on you?"

Nodding, Victoria braced herself to tell her sister the whole story. But she was still ashamed. "He's actually cheating on someone else with me."

"No!"

"Yep," she said, nodding for emphasis. "I'm the other woman. I've known about this person since I started working with Thomas. I'd heard him talk to her on the phone. Good grief," Victoria grimaced, "both Bob and Mike are even fighting over her. They think she's the best thing since sliced bread. But when things started heating up between us, I just conveniently forgot about her."

"Sliced bread?" Laci couldn't resist teasing.

Victoria rolled her eyes. "You know what I mean."

"Sorry," Laci said and smothered her smile. "Who is she?"

Victoria shook her head. "I don't know who she is. I just know her first name is Antonia."

"What an awful name," Laci said, solidly in defense of her older sister. "She's probably an awful person and Thomas should dump her and be with you."

"No," Victoria said, inhaling shakily. "She had him first. I'm the one who needs to step out of the picture. It's the only fair thing to do."

Victoria fell onto the sofa next to Laci. "I'm sorry to pull you into this when you are studying for your finals."

Laci laughed. "I've been studying for so long I'm tired of it. Don't worry about me. I'm ready for these exams and wish they'd just be finished."

Victoria smiled. "Thanks for coming over."

They were silent for a few minutes. Then Laci said what she'd been thinking all along. "You do love him don't you?"

Victoria could only nod sadly. If she said anything out loud, it would only start up the tears again.

Laci's eyes were determined as she thought about the situation. She finally said, "I think you should fight for him. You should go to him and tell him to dump this Antonia woman and be with you. You probably love him more and would be better for him anyway."

"Oh, you're wonderful," Victoria said and hugged her little sister. "I wish I could. But I'm just not that brave. Besides, that's something he's got to decide for himself."

Laci stayed and talked for over an hour. She finally got Victoria to stop crying and was even laughing at some of her more ridiculous ideas on how to get back at Thomas Attracelli. By the middle of the afternoon, Victoria sent her home so she could study more. Unfortunately, as soon as she left, Victoria broke down in tears again.

By Saturday night, her eyes hurt so badly she could barely see. She hadn't eaten anything since Thursday and she looked awful. She had to pull herself together. She would not be beaten by a two timing man, no matter how charming and gorgeous he was.

Victoria tore off his college tee-shirt and threw it into the laundry basket. Then, just to be spiteful, she pulled it out and stomped on it. She wished it was his head, she thought as she picked it up again, feeling petty. She put it back into the laundry basket and padded barefoot to the shower.

The steaming spray helped her feel slightly more human. It took some of the swelling out of her eyes and she felt better just being clean again. Toweling herself dry, she faced her image in the mirror. Victoria debated the idea of going out and getting her hair done, but in the end, she just pulled it back into a pony tail, not ready yet to face the rest of the world. She changed into a pair of jeans and a sweater, then made some coffee and toast.

She sat down at her desk and turned on her computer, not really sure what she planned on doing. She pulled the report onto her desk and stared at the words, unsure of how to revise the report.

"Just start typing," she told herself. "You're a creative person, something will come to you eventually."

As soon as she started to work, the words seemed to fly out of her fingers as she typed. She was coming up with the craziest idea to reorganize the accounting departments for ATI she could think of. By midnight she was finished. She looked back at her work and reviewed it, smiling as she pictured Thomas' expression when he read through the details.

When she was adding the cover page, the thought struck her that, although she'd written her ideas out of spite, the plan really could work. She re-read the words, taking out some of the sarcasm she'd put in to irritate him. She picked up her pencil and paced her small apartment, twirling it between her fingers distractedly. It really could work, she thought. With a few alterations, this was a good idea! She was amazed at how good it really was.

She clicked on some internet links and, after about an hour, found what she was looking for. She knew it! It really would work!

She was so excited, she went back to her report and re-read the whole thing, editing many of the paragraphs, reworking some of the data to better illustrate her point.

It was five o'clock in the morning when she finished. She turned off her computer and fell into bed, exhausted. For the first time in a week, she slept well and woke with no tears.

She slept until noon on Sunday. Pulling herself out of bed, she ignored the thought that Thomas would be at his brother's house having lunch. She didn't want to know if Antonia would be there. Instead, she pulled her report out from the middle of her desk and tweaked some of her points, working on it all day and into the night.

By Monday morning, she was completely rested and ready to tackle a panther. Or Thomas Attracelli which could be worse. If she didn't feel like her old self again, at least she didn't look like death, she told herself as she walked into Margaret's office at five minutes till nine the next morning. "Good morning, Margaret. Thomas said he wanted to see me a nine o'clock. Is he in?" she asked.

Margaret smiled and shook her head. "He isn't but he told me to expect you. He asked me to tell you to wait here until he arrived."

Victoria gritted her teeth but smiled a Margaret. "Well, how about if you call me when he gets in? I'll be in my office." She was about to turn away when she remembered the report. "You can give this to him, though. This is what we were supposed to discuss at nine o'clock."

Margaret's smile faltered slightly. "Don't you want to wait for him?'

"Nope," Victoria smiled more brightly, leaving a shocked Margaret to tell her ferocious boss that Victoria hadn't waited for him as instructed.

Victoria walked down to her office and turned on the light. It was a relatively small office but she didn't mind. It was really just a courtesy that she have an office at the ATI headquarters since they traveled so much.

She looked down at her phone and realized she hadn't even called Laci after her Saturday afternoon discussion to let her know that she was okay. Or her parents. She picked up the phone and dialed her sister's number. As expected, there wasn't an answer. She was in the last month of classes and things usually got a little crazy. Laci was probably also interviewing since this was her last year of law school. The Bar exams were in about three months but knowing Laci, she was already studying for them.

Victoria left a message asking Laci to call her whenever she got in. But even Victoria wasn't exactly sure when the team would be taking off again. Usually Thomas gave them instructions on Friday before they split up. Since she'd left so quickly after landing, she wasn't sure what the plans were. She'd assumed that if they were scheduled to leave, someone would have called to tell her. Thomas would have told her on Friday if they were leaving so she was reasonably sure that they would be here this week instead of traveling.

At nine thirty, Bob poked his head into her office. "Hey, Thomas called a meeting. We're supposed to convene in the conference room immediately."

"Thanks," she said. "I'm ready."

He eyed her up and down. "Are you sure?"

"Absolutely. Why shouldn't I be?"

Bob shrugged his shoulders. "I just work here," he said and he disappeared from her doorway.

Victoria plastered a bright smile on her face and followed Bob down the hallway to the conference room. Mike was already sitting down when she and Bob walked in and took their seats. Thomas walked in from the door that came from his office moments later. She recognized her report as he slapped it against the table right before taking a seat.

"Here's the schedule for the next three months," he said, starting off the meeting without any greetings. He passed some papers down the table, not even looking up as he spoke.

"And we have an interesting proposition from the lady in our group," he said and tossed two copies of her report to Mike and Bob who automatically picked up the report and started flipping through the pages.

Victoria pulled her own copy out of her portfolio and pretended to read it. But inside, she was seething with fury.

"If you notice on page twelve, she is asking...." And Thomas flipped through page after page, criticizing her idea, ripping it apart. By page fifty, where he started in on her data she stood up, not willing to take his abuse anymore.

"You're wrong. This will work and you're just being too stubborn to admit it!"

Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed both Mike and Bob slide down a little in their seats. She was sure no one had ever raised their voice to their esteemed leader but she was sick and tired of taking his insults and his derogatory remarks about her work.

Thomas also stood up, putting his hands down onto the conference table and leaned forward. "The numbers don't add up and it is an idiotic idea anyway." He glared at her from the opposite side of the table.

"It will work and the numbers do add up. If you'd just read the whole report instead of pulling out small parts of it to tear up, you'd realize that it might be a little aggressive, but it will work if you'd just give it a chance."

"If you'd pulled in the Atlanta numbers, you'd see that the plan goes off by four percent. How are you expecting to account for that kind of variance?"

"There are exceptions to the rule but even the Atlanta numbers would work. It might take a little fine tuning but calculate in their gross contribution and the variance works in their favor!"

"No it doesn't. Take the taxes out of the scheme and you're off again. Put the net contribution back in and it throws the benefits package all out of whack. And the European countries can't back out the Euro in this way with the new counting schema," he yelled

"Yes, they can," she yelled right back. "If the market reacts the way I think it will, the Euro will be back on track and in line with the American dollar," she explained, giving as well as she was getting from him but her eyes were shooting darts across the table at his unreasonable attitude.

"And what if it doesn't react the way you think it will? You aren't very reasonable in your reactions, why should the European Union?"

Victoria gasped and stumbled back a step, her face showing her increased fury. "Are you implying that I don't react rationally?"

"In my experience, I haven't seen very rational reactions from you recently."

"I think you both just need to get a room," Mike muttered.

The comment drew Thomas's glare to him and Mike shrunk a little more into his chair. But since Bob was nodding himself, there wasn't much Thomas could do.

The silence in the conference room was deafening. Thomas and Victoria stood facing each other, fire shooting from their eyes while Bob and Mike looked from one to the other, wondering how they could break the tension and continue the meeting.

The silence was finally broken, but not in a way that Victoria would have preferred. "Am I interrupting something important?" a beautiful, petite brunette with curly black hair asked, standing in the doorway that led to Thomas's office.

All four of them turned to see who had spoken.

Victoria's mouth dropped open as she took in the petite beauty in the doorway.

The woman continued, apparently oblivious to the tension in the room. "I'm sorry to interrupt Thomas, but Margaret told me to come on in. She said something about a moment of silence I should take advantage of."

Thomas nodded his head. "Hello, Antonia. You're fine. I can't say the same for the rest of the occupants in this room," he snapped. He looked toward the other end of the table, pointing his finger at Victoria he said, "We'll continue this later."

Victoria watched as he moved towards the gorgeous woman, putting a hand to the small of her back and guiding her into his office. The door closed. With that sound came the breaking of Victoria's heart. She stared at the closed door for a full minute, not able to move with the pain ripping through her body at his betrayal.

Without a word or a look at Bob or Mike, she picked up her papers and walked back to her office. Turning on her computer, she quickly wrote a few paragraphs, then stared at the computer screen. With her hands in her face, she bent down and cried one more time.

Fifteen minutes later, she was still trying to pull herself together when the door to her office burst open. "Okay, let's finish..." Thomas started.

Victoria quickly stood up and turned to face the window so her back was to him. She tried to wipe the tears from her face but knew he'd witnessed her tears.

"Why are you crying?" he asked, his voice gruff and only slightly angry.

"I'm not," she said, taking a tissue from the top of her filing cabinet.

"You're lying. And I'm not leaving until I understand why."

"Thomas, just leave me alone," she said and took a deep breath, angrily wiping the tears from her cheeks.

She didn't hear him walk up behind her but she felt the heat from his chest on her back. Victoria thought he was closer to her but his next comment showed that he was standing near her computer. "No way! I warned you what would happen if you tried to do that and I don't make idle threats."

She snapped around and saw what he was referring to. It was her letter of resignation on her computer screen. Her shoulders sagged and she couldn't contain the tears anymore. "Please Thomas," she whispered. "I know I have a one year commitment to you and to ATI, but I can't do this anymore. Let me go. I had almost convinced myself that I could do this, work with you, ignore the feelings I have for you and everything that has happened between us," she waived her arms up in the air to encompass the room. "And if she didn't have a face, I might have been able to do it. But now that I know who she is, I don't think I can."

"What are you talking about?" Thomas said, pulling her around to face him by grabbing her arms. "Who has a face?"

Victoria looked up at his handsome, confused face and whispered, "Antonia."

"What about her?"

"She looks nice," Victoria whispered. "She seems like a very nice person with a nice personality." She sniffled again but was sick of the tears. She needed to be strong now and face this situation like an adult. "Thomas, no one that nice deserves to be treated like this."

Thomas shrugged his shoulders, his eyes confused as he watched her sparkling green eyes turn from fiery emeralds to soft, mossy pools of tears. "She is a very nice person but what does Antonia have to do with anything?"

Victoria looked straight ahead, which meant she was looking at his silk tie. "I can't do this to her."

Thomas let out a deep breath and released her arms to run his fingers through his dark hair. "Victoria, if you don't tell me what my sister has to do with this conversation, I'm going to throttle you."

Victoria tensed. Had she heard him correctly? "What did you say?"

Thomas rolled his eyes. "Victoria, you're driving me nuts. Please explain what my sister has to do with us?"

"Antonia is your sister?" she lifted wet eyes up to his.

Thomas nodded. "Yes, but why is that an issue?"

Victoria burst into tears again. "Oh Thomas. I thought she was your girlfriend."

His hands moved back to her arms when she bent over crying again. Thomas tried to pull her up so he could see her expression. "Let me get this straight," he said, bending down so he could see her face. "You thought Antonia was another woman I was seeing?"

Victoria nodded, unable to look at him.

"Would you mind explaining to me what kind of relationship you thought I wanted from you?" he asked, his whole body tense.

Victoria pulled herself together enough to explain. "Well, I had heard you talking to someone called Antonia several times and you were so nice while on the phone with her, I naturally assumed..."

"You thought she was my girlfriend."

Victoria nodded.

"And that I was also having an affair with you."

She nodded again. Victoria thought about what she was saying about Thomas' character. Put that way, it seemed that she didn't have a very high opinion of him and she was instantly ashamed of her misunderstanding.

"The relationship you thought I wanted from you was...Victoria please tell me you haven't put us both through hell for the past week because you thought I only wanted to have an affair with you."

She nodded again, silent tears streaming from her eyes.

"And you couldn't handle that?"

She nodded again.

"I see." He said and stared out the window over hear head. He pulled her gently into his arms and put his chin on her head, tucking her into the safety of his embrace. "So if I were to ask you to marry me, would that be a relationship you could handle?"

Victoria stilled, sure she hadn't heard him correctly.

After a moment, he asked, "Victoria?"

"Yes?"

"I asked you a question."

She took a shuddering breath and pulled herself away from him slightly. "Yes."

"Yes, I asked you a question, or yes, you could handle it."

"I think I could handle it very well" she said, worried that she had misunderstood his intentions.

Thomas picked her up and spun her around so she was sitting on her desk as he leaned over her. "Victoria, you confuse the hell out of me," he said and kissed her deeply.

Victoria returned his kiss with all the love she felt in her heart.

"You're going to marry me!"

"Yes boss," she said and laughed at his chagrined expression.

"And you're going to be happy!"

"Yes boss," she said, since he was being dictatorial and also because it was the truth.

"Victoria!" he said and bent to kiss her again.

Neither one of them heard Mike and Bob walk by the office door. "It's about time!" Bob said.

"Thank goodness," Mike said, and pulled the door closed and walked down the hallway.

Victoria walked into the mansion on Thomas' arm. The date was set for two months. She had a ring on her finger the size of Montana and she'd already called her sister and parents to tell them the news. It was now time to tell Thomas' brothers and to get to know the lovely Antonia.

Thomas pulled her into the kitchen where all the noise was originating from. On any given Sunday, anyone could show up at Sal's house for lunch. Aunts, Uncles, cousins, brothers and sisters were encouraged to come. If they were in town, they usually were in attendance. This Sunday was slightly different since only Sal's brothers and his one living sister, Antonia, along with her very handsome husband, had shown up. So it was a relatively quiet lunch with only six adults and one child. Thomas and Victoria made eight adults sitting around the table, laughing and teasing about everything they could think of.

Towards the end of the meal, Michael, the daredevil of the family asked the question everyone wanted to hear. "So Thomas, what's the deal with the rock on that lovely lady's finger. Anything we should know?"

"She's finally agreed to marry me," Thomas said and smiled down at a blushing Victoria. The whole table burst into applause and Victoria was instantly surrounded by extremely large men who were hugging her and kissing her cheek, already incorporating her into the family.

Sal was the last to offer his congratulations but he was also the most intimidating so Victoria didn't mind.

Sal stood up and raised his glass, filled with beer for the moment. "A toast! To Thomas for beating me to the church. Victoria, we're glad you've decided to join the family," he said.

"Here here!" Everyone else said and raised their glass to toast the newest member of the family.

