Chapter 1

"Wow!" Gus Attracelli caught a movement out of the corner of his eye and walked across the club house deck to get a better view. He craned his neck to get a better look, straining to see the tennis court through the trees. Gus was just as impressed with the volley as he was with the incredibly long, sexy legs displayed by the mystery woman's saucy tennis outfit. He liked the way it swung around her upper thighs, teasing and showing hopeful possibilities but never revealing anything.

He ignored the heat of the late afternoon sun beating down onto the deck where he was standing in order to get another view of the woman. Unfortunately, just as suddenly as the vision with sexy legs came into his line of sight, she disappeared behind the perfectly manicured bushes that lined the tennis courts of the exclusive country club.

He leaned over the railing to catch another glimpse of her but she had run out of his line of site. The sun glared into his eyes but he ignored the inconvenience, putting up a hand to block out the rays. All his concentration was on getting another look at the fantastic pair of legs.

When she didn't immediately jog back into sight, he became impatient. "Where the hell did she go?" he muttered to himself. In the distance, someone was mowing the grass and the engine created a soft hum against the sultry summer afternoon. In the back of his mind, he noted the smell of the chlorine from the pool but since the kids were still in school for a few more weeks, there wasn't any sound coming from that direction. All was basically quiet except for the repetitive sound of a ball machine lobbing tennis balls across the tennis court and then, moments later, the woman's tennis racket hitting the ball.

Abruptly, she was back in his line of sight. She popped back and swung her tennis racket hard at the incoming ball, thwacking it with a mighty hit. Gus imagined the perspiration forming on her forehead as she raced across the tennis court to catch the next ball being lobbed over the net.

Gus wiped his brow and looked behind him, feeling like a voyeur but unable to turn away and allow the lovely lady her privacy. He was spellbound. Again, she chased after a ball that went to the left side of the tennis court. "Where did she go?" he murmured again, leaning over the railing and craning his neck to catch another glimpse.

He almost jumped back when she burst back into his view, then looked around to see if anyone had noticed, slightly embarrassed at his reaction. The woman with the long legs and long, blond hair, was at least five hundred feet away from him. He probably looked ridiculous jumping back from someone so far away.

His concern over being observed was ignored when she bent over to catch a low ball and he was treated to her pert derriere. "Lady, you're a gentleman's nightmare," he muttered, but didn't take his eyes off her sexy figure.

The woman raced to the edge of the tennis court to return the ball and Gus leaned against the rail to the decking in order to get a better view. He was impressed when she returned the volley and grateful when she moved back to the center of the court so he had a better view. His eyes followed her progress as she hit ball after ball. But he wasn't concentrating on her tennis skill. It was her legs that had him mesmerized. They were long and lean and he had a clear view right up to the edge of her sassy tennis skirt. And every once in a while, he got another view of her spectacular derriere when she dove to return a particularly difficult ground shot.

He had no idea who the blond woman was. She was playing against a ball machine in the middle of the afternoon. Gus had arrived at his friend's club early to play golf and, since he wasn't a member of this particular country club, he was asked to wait in the lobby. Thankfully, his wait was rewarded by the view of the woman playing tennis and he was content to remain, grateful even.

Gus considered himself a connoisseur of women but he'd never been particularly fascinated by legs. He was more of a breast man. She bent to get a ball and he was hypnotized by the athletic grace with which she ran and volleyed. He wished he was down there playing with her, wondered whether she was really as skilled as she appeared or if she had set the ball machine to issue easy lobs.

It was a quiet afternoon at the club for some reason and this mystery woman was the only one playing on all six courts. The ball machine shot the balls to her at what seemed to be a merciless rate but from the number of balls on her side of the court versus those that were scattered on the machine's side indicated she was able to keep up with the pace.

Gus heard his friend, Jim Siler, in the lobby and quickly moved from the deck to meet him. For some reason, Gus didn't want anyone else to enjoy his view from the deck. He didn't look into that emotion too closely since it was a ridiculous desire.

"How are you doing, Gus?" Jim called out, shaking Gus's hand and slapping him on the shoulder.

"Great, Jim. How about you?" Gus asked, returning the handshake.

"Fine, fine!" Jim retorted. "Hey, some others were heading out to play a round and I thought it might be fun to put together a foursome. Do you mind?" he asked.

"Not at all," Gus replied, shaking his head. He didn't care how many people played golf, just so long as he could get out and whack some balls as hard as possible. He had been working eighteen hour days for the past three weeks to finish up some projects and he was ready to relieve some stress.

"Great, they were already heading down to the locker rooms. We'll meet them there."

They headed downstairs and Gus changed into his golf cleats, then walked off to check in. It seemed as if all four of them had the same intention of relieving stress he noted as they joked while heading out to the first tee.

A flip of a coin later and the first one teed off. Gus took the last position, not in a hurry this afternoon. When it was his turn, he placed his ball on the small tee, squared off his club, pulled back and let the club swing with all his might into a powerful "thwack" that send the ball straight down the fairway. As soon as he let go of his follow through, he felt his nerves release some of the pressure and a small portion of the stress instantly left his body. He didn't even care that his ball went the furthest and straightest. He just needed the release.

The four of them drove off down the fairway, Gus driving since the other four had at least one more hit before they reached his ball.

Alana Mason used her towel to wipe the sweat from her face then headed to the other side of the fence to start collecting tennis balls. She wished she could go another round against the machine but she needed to meet with a caterer this afternoon and a shower was definitely in order before that meeting. She sighed as she picked up the last of the balls then dumped the whole lot into the ball machine, setting the basket next to the machine for a staff member to collect later.

She wished she could relax like this more often. It seemed that she ran from one appointment to another constantly. And she didn't even have a job in the normal sense. She supposed she could be considered a consultant for her father's property management firm since she acted as his hostess, organizing all his social events. When she wasn't organizing parties for her father, she was organizing fund raisers for the Washington, D.C. orphanages she'd "adopted" three years ago.

She walked the short distance from the tennis courts to the clubhouse, entering through the bottom door that would take her directly to the locker rooms. The air conditioning sent a chill through her perspiration soaked body, but it served the purpose of rushing her through to the locker room so she could shower and change. There was a lot to be done and not much time to do it, she reminded herself. The kids were counting on her and she refused to let them down.

Seven year old David's comment to her the first time she met him always rung in her ears whenever she felt like slowing down. He'd been eating ice cream with her, his big brown eyes staring up at her as she asked about his home. He'd been almost belligerent when he'd explained that he didn't have a home, nor did he need one. "Too many people just brush us off. We don't need them anymore than they need us," he'd said , then the tough little boy had looked down at his bowl of ice cream, refusing to let the tears fall down his cheeks despite the fact that they were brimming on the edge of his eye lids.

Alana smiled softly at the memory of David running into her on his skateboard one afternoon three years ago. She had been coming out of her lawyer's office after signing her formal divorce decree. That afternoon, she'd been feeling like a failure for only being married four months, all of which had been awful and humiliating.

There had been five kids skateboarding recklessly down the street that day, but David was the only one the doorman had caught. The older boys had all escaped. The doorman was about to call the police as he held David by the collar of his shirt. Alana had convinced him that it wasn't necessary. No one had gotten hurt and the boys hadn't been malicious in their intent. But she required David to come with her for lunch. David, she found out over the next hour, was seven years old, skipped school on a regular basis just as he was doing that day, and lived in a run down orphanage five blocks away. He was an easy companion and talked almost non-stop once Alana offered him an ice cream sundae. They ate ice cream and he told her about his difficult life and Alana realized that she had been wallowing in self pity for so long, she hadn't been able to see how pathetic her life had become.

Alana had gone to visit the orphanage that afternoon and realized what a horrific place it was. The building was falling apart, there was almost no supervision, the playground was a set of swings, one of which was broken and the chains on all were rusting away. The basket ball court was filled with boys shooting hoops but there were no nets anywhere. And a line of girls sat on the sidelines, primping and calling out to the boys in obvious attempts to get attention from them.

Over the past three years, Alana had found donors for several projects benefiting the orphanage. It now boasted a bright, cheerful playground, newly asphalted basketball courts with nets on each of the hoops, a computer room, a small library, a van to take the kids on field trips and a support staff that helped the kids with all types of problems. She'd also organized a volunteer campaign from various companies that mentored the kids, helped them with their homework, coached girls and boys sports activities and several other projects.

As she showered, she went over her afternoon appointments. She needed to meet with the caterer for her father's cocktail party this Friday night. She knew she needed something different to serve the guests but was at a loss as to what that could be. Alana was hoping the caterer would have some ideas.

Quickly dressing in light blue, silk slacks and a white, silk shirt, she rushed out of the locker room intending to head to her car. At the last moment, she changed directions. She headed upstairs to the bar to get a bottle of water, needing something to quickly quench her thirst. She'd just gotten a bottle of water and had wandered out onto the patio to drink when a movement to her right caught her eye. The bottle froze halfway to her mouth and her eyes simply stared at the most amazing specimen of manhood she had ever laid eyes upon.

All thoughts left her mind. Forgotten was her busy afternoon agenda, her thirst and her exhaustion. The whole world seemed to disappear when the man stood up again. He had the broadest shoulders she'd ever seen, was at least half a head taller than the other three men waiting for him and was muscular in all the right places, and all the places in between, she thought as he turned to laugh at someone's joke.

Her breath froze in her throat as she watched the muscles in his shoulders and back bunch up as he prepared his first shot. She observed in fascination as he pulled back, hesitated for only a moment, then let the club rip through the air to hit the ball with a mighty whack. His follow through was perfect and she got to see the play of muscles again as the club swung over the opposite shoulder.

She knew she should be watching where the ball was heading, but her eyes were glued to the man and his incredible body. No other man had ever affected her in such a way and she was helpless in her fascination.

The three other men shook their heads and patted him on his back, obviously congratulating him on his shot. The four of them headed over to the two golf carts, then sped off down the fairway.

Alana finally took a breath when she couldn't see him anymore, then glanced around her to see if anyone had noticed her staring at the man. Thankfully the patio was empty at this time of the day. She pulled her bottle of water to her mouth and drank thirstily, replenishing the liquids she'd lost in her tennis practice, and because her mouth had been hanging open for that small period of time.

Alana grimaced and turned her back on the now empty golf course. Heading back to her car, she mentally reviewed her schedule. Glancing at her watch, she realized she'd spent at least ten minutes watching the mystery man, she picked up her step.

Chapter 2

Walking into the beautifully decorated executive offices of ATI Incorporated several days later was a daunting experience for Alana. As much as she believed in her cause, she really hated the fundraising part of the job. She wished she didn't have to go begging for money to fund the orphanages and the programs they needed in order to help the kids. She didn't understand why everyone didn't understand what a worthy cause these children were and donate their money without her having to ask for it.

Getting off the elevator and making her way down a subtly lit hallway lined with dark green carpeting that muffled her steps, Alana gave herself a pep talk. She reminded herself that the kids were a great group but no one knew their needs. It was up to her to raise the funding for the projects the kids desperately needed.

"Alana Mason to see Salvatore Attracelli," she said calmly to the first receptionist she came to.

The receptionist behind a large, curving desk ran a tapered fingernail slowly down a sheet filled with names, then finally nodded. "Mr. Attracelli is expecting you, Ms. Mason. His office is the last one on the right. It is just past the conference room," she explained, pointing in the general direction of another long hallway.

"Thank you," Alana said and smiled her thanks. Alana continued down the hallway, taking deep breaths in an effort to calm down. She really hated these kinds of appointments. She felt like a beggar.

But it was the only way to keep the funds flowing.

"Good afternoon, Ms. Mason," a courteous female voice greeted Alana from the doorway. "Mr. Attracelli is running slightly behind. Would you mind waiting just a moment?" she asked. Alana located the body that was attached to the voice and smiled at the woman who appeared to be in her mid forties, with horn rimmed glasses, a perfectly tailored, black wool suit and one inch heels. She seemed to be a very efficient, no-nonsense kind of woman. Alana made a mental note of the kind of woman Salvatorre Attracelli preferred for a secretary. She used that kind of information to set the tone for her presentation.

"No problem," Alana replied and took a seat in one of the chairs outside a large office and conference room. The walls of the conference room were glass so she had an unfettered view of the occupants. She was trying not to eaves drop, but the man inside instantly captured her attention with his deep voice and she was unable to tear her gaze away.

It was the golfer, she thought. She had a clear view of his back and she recognized the broad shoulders and was again mesmerized by the muscles rippling along their breadth. She could also see that his hair was a little too long, it curled along the edge of his collar. His tie was loose and his sleeves were rolled up. She watched with fascination at his hands as he motioned to another occupant to talk. He had long, slender fingers and well muscled forearms.

She didn't hear what the other man was saying, too preoccupied with the golfer's physique. This was definitely odd, she thought to herself. She had never been attracted to a man because of his superficial qualities. It generally took a lot for her to even become interested in a man. And to have this strong of a reaction was just silly since she had only heard his voice and seen his back.

Was she completely losing her sense of decorum? She was sensible and reasonable. She did not lose her concentration and purpose simply because of muscles and a sexy, deep voice.

She turned her knees so her body faced another direction, but her mind refused to relinquish it's fascination with the man.

"Okay, what's the end item responsibility, Pete?" the man said.

Alana felt his deep, resonant voice slide along her skin, wrapping around her and warming her soul like a velvet blanket. She leaned forward, wanting to hear more, but "Pete" apparently had the floor and had started speaking while her mystery man was simply listening and nodding his head.

"Where would that put us in the industry?" he asked and another occupant answered.

"What are the alternatives?" he asked.

Of their own accord, Alana's knees slowly turned back so she was facing the conference room and her eyes were again able to feast on the man's physique, or what she could see of it, anyway. Alana stared at his back and enjoyed the sound of his voice, liking his confidence and the respect he paid to the others as they spoke. He was obviously in charge of the meeting and extremely knowledgeable on the subject, whatever it was.

"Ms. Mason?"

Alana snapped around at the sound her name being called and noticed the secretary standing in front of a doorway, waiting impatiently for Alana to respond. Alana guessed that the woman had called to her more than once if her raised eyebrows were any indication.

Alana fought the blush creeping up her neck as she picked up her small purse and followed behind the woman into a large, airy office with a tall, handsome man coming around a desk to greet her.

"Ms. Mason?" he was asking.

"Yes. Please call me Alana," she said, taking the man's offered hand.

"I'm Sal," he said.

Alana smiled. "It is nice to finally meet you, Mr. Attracelli. Thank you so much for taking the time to meet with me. I know you have a very busy schedule so I'll get right to the point," she said and took out a glossy brochure that detailed the events and programs of the girls and boys' orphanages for the next six months.

Sal waived to a sofa and two chairs and the two of them sat down to discuss Alana's cause.

She talked for almost twenty minutes about the children and how important their future was, for the city and for the industries around the city. But Alana couldn't tell if she was getting through to this man. He nodded in all the appropriate points but no other expression crossed his face.

At the end of her pitch, she waited anxiously as Sal flipped through the pages of the brochure. She had put high hopes into getting ATI to support the kids but she had a feeling she had failed miserably. She didn't even know if ATI supported these kinds of efforts. There was no record of their charitable contributions but it was a large conglomerate. Surely they had some sort of community payback that set aside funds for charitable efforts.

"Well, this sounds like a nice proposition. I'll give it some thought and will get back to you," he said.

Alana understood her cue to leave and she quickly stood up. "I appreciate your time," she said and shook Sal's hand again.

Sal shook her hand and started walking her to the elevators down the hallway. "I've seen you at the various functions around town. You throw some very interesting parties," he said.

Alana laughed self-consciously. "Actually, it is my father who is the social whirlwind. I only act as his hostess."

"You're more than that," he said, chuckling. "You sold me to my wife about two years ago," he said, walking with her to the door.

Alana's eyes widened. "You're married to Laci?" she asked, remembering the Children's Charity ball several years ago. It had been one of the largest fundraisers.

"One and the same," he said. He walked with her out the door and down the hallway as they talked.

"I had no idea. I'm sorry I didn't make the connection. If I had, I would have been knocking on your door a long time ago," she replied, laughing.

Sal laughed as well. "I'm sure you would have."

"How is Laci? She was my Resident Advisor during my freshman year at college." Alana said, shaking her head at what a small world it really was. "I just spoke to her about a week ago and she wasn't having a good time in the last few weeks of her pregnancy."

Sal smiled, and Alana could see the love in his eyes despite his obvious weariness over the impending pregnancy. "No, she definitely hasn't been very happy these past few weeks. But she's due in about three more weeks so there's a light at the end of the tunnel," he explained.

From his words, Alana guessed he had been a very harried husband lately.

"Wow! I'm a little embarrassed now. I never made the connection with you and Laci. She talks about you all the time though."

"Well, she didn't take my last name so it gets a little confusing sometimes," Sal said.

"I'll bet she just loves that," Alana laughed, knowing her friend well.

"She loves it even more when a sales person calls the house and asks for Mr. Anderson."

Alana laughed softly. "I bet she does," she said, pressing the elevator call button.

"It was good talking to you," Sal said, holding the doors to the elevator as they slid silently open. "And I'll give you a call regarding your projects."

"Thank you for considering it," Alana said and smiled genuinely at the tall, elegant man who had married her college mentor. "Tell Laci to hang in there and I'll give her a call soon."

"Will do," Sal said as the doors closed.

Sal walked back into his office and found his brother Gus lounging against his desk. "What's up?" he asked, tossing the brochure onto the glossy surface.

"We need more space for the Los Angeles office," Gus said without preamble.

"So go get it," Sal said and took a seat on the sofa, waiting for his younger brother to get to the point. Sal knew it had to be more than just the lack of space update. Gus drove himself too hard on a regular basis so it was odd to see him just lounging around.

"Already on top of it," Gus said absently.

"So what's the issue?"

"What's that smell?" Gus said, pushing away from the desk and walking over to the grouping of chairs and sofa in one corner of the office. The rose smell seemed to be concentrated in this area and he sniffed the air, wanting to absorb more of the scent.

"What smell?" Sal asked, rolling his eyes at his younger brother.

"I don't know," Gus said, inhaling deeply. "You have a woman on the side I should tell Laci about?"

Sal had moved to stand beside his brother, flipping through the orphanage brochure again but he laughed at Gus' teasing. "I wouldn't dare," he said. "Laci unpregnant is one thing. But Laci more than eight months pregnant is....well, she's just..."

"No diplomatic way to put it, huh?" Gus said, thinking back to their youngest sister and sister in law who had both become irritated with their last month of pregnancy.

"Exactly." Sal nodded his head. "Sometimes, life just isn't fair," he said.

Gus laughed. "Don't even try it," Gus said, shoving his oldest brother's shoulder. "You're just as thrilled and excited as Laci is."

Sal smiled sheepishly but didn't deny the statement. "Here," he said, changing the subject by handing Gus the glossy brochure of the orphanage program. "Can you go over and check this out?"

Gus took the brochure and flipped through the pages. "Sure. What is it?"

"That's the rose scented perfume," Sal replied, walking back to his desk. He wanted to get out of the office so he could take Laci out to dinner tonight. She needed cheering up, he thought.

"Ah. Well then in that case, you can definitely count me in. But why are kids wearing rose perfume?" he asked, laughing at his own joke.

Sal rolled his eyes. "The kids aren't wearing the perfume. The woman asking us to donate money was."

"She doesn't know you're a happily married man, does she?"

"I'm not the one who noticed that she was wearing perfume," Sal said, looking pointedly at Gus. "And more to the point, she's a good friend of Laci's. She also didn't strike me as the type to use those kinds of tactics," he said absently, already moving on to the next issue of the day.

"Pity," Gus said, and moved towards the doorway.

"Why is that a pity?" Sal asked distractedly.

"Any woman who wears that perfume has to be beautiful and...." Gus wracked his brains for the appropriate adjective but his mind came up blank. "Well, I don't know what, but I'm already interested."

That caught Sal's attention. He glanced at his younger brother's retreating back with surprise. "You haven't even seen her. She might be an ugly old hag with buck teeth and scraggly hair with the personality of a goat," Sal emphasized.

Gus turned around and smiled roguishly. "You've been out of circulation for too long, old man," shaking his head in dismay and mock disappointment. "With that perfume, I'm imagining that she's a hot little red-head just itching to have me sweep her off her feet," he laughed.

Sal looked up from his desk. "Get the hell out of here," Sal said, but laughed at his brother's voracious appetite for beautiful red-heads.

"A sultry brunette?" he asked hopefully at the doorway.

"Sorry," Sal shook his head. "She's a blond."

Gus's whole face fell. "Pity."

"What in the world is wrong with a blond?" Sal asked, mildly curious. "Victoria is a blond and she's very nice," Sal said, referring to Thomas' wife, the second to oldest brother, right behind Sal.

Gus shrugged. "I don't know. Just not interested in blonds. Something about their coolness, lack of fire," he said and ducked out of Sal's office.

Chapter 3

Gus walked back to his office and sighed. The last thing he wanted to do was to research another charity. He dialed his secretary and, when she came into his office, handed her the brochure. "Can you look up this organization and get me some information on it? If you think it is worthwhile, let me know." And with that, the charity was dropped from his mind and he issued a series of instructions on finding more office space for the Los Angeles personnel, as well as the several other problems brought up in the meeting he'd just left.

Being in charge of property management for all the ATI locations around the world, as well as security, had its challenges. But Gus thrived on the legal and commercial problems that came up on a daily basis. He was in charge of over seventy office buildings and their security, worldwide. There were international, national and local laws that had to be adhered to in all situations.

"Can you also call these real estate firms and find out if they have at least ten thousand square feet of space available in Los Angeles?" he asked, handing her a piece of paper with a list of names on it.

Dora, his secretary, took the list and scanned it. "I'll have something for you later today," she said and left the office.

Gus spent the rest of the afternoon going through correspondence and cleaning up various issues that seemed to appear out of nowhere. It was after five o'clock when Dora came back, handing him a stapled sheaf of papers with information on it. She automatically sat down, waiting for the next set of instructions.

Gus reviewed the list and sighed. Dora had compiled a list of all the spaces available in the Los Angeles area, the price per square foot and the proximity to their current offices. "This doesn't look very promising," he said, turning the pages.

"The best one is on the last page. They have twenty thousand square feet so there is room to grow and the price is more reasonable. It is also two blocks away from the current location."

Gus flipped to the last page and scanned the information, nodding his head. "You're right. This is ideal. What's the second best?" he asked.

"The second to last. But it is three miles from the current location and almost double the price per square foot," she explained.

Gus nodded, calculating the numbers in his head and nodding. "Okay, then it is the Mason building in Los Angeles," he said, referring to the last one since it was the better deal. "If we can't get that site we'll work out something else."

Dora nodded. "What's better is that Mason Properties is headquartered out of Washington, D.C. so you won't need to fly back and forth to L.A. to negotiate the lease."

Gus looked up sharply. "Really?" he asked hopefully.

Dora smiled, a rarity. "Really," she said. "So you won't need to miss the birth of your nephew," she said. Then reverting back to her serious expression, she stood up. "I'll get you an appointment with Ed Mason as soon as possible."

"Thanks Dora."

"Oh, and here's the information you asked me about on the orphanage. It's legit," she said. "And they've done some great work. Here are some statistics on the kids who have gone on to college before and after the foundation's work."

Gus scanned the list and whistled. "How did you get this information so quickly?" he asked, impressed by the statistics.

"I called them up and they faxed them over," she said and walked out of the office.

Gus laughed, knowing it had probably been more difficult than just making a phone call. Dora would have checked the statistics from various sources before she gave them to Gus. She always made sure the information she provided was verified and backed up. That's why, although her title was his secretary, he paid her more than some of the other vice presidents in ATI. She was invaluable.

Three days later, he was walking into his office after a meeting and Dora followed him in. "What's my next appointment?" Gus asked, rubbing the back of his neck. He was tired and frustrated with the slow movement of some projects.

"You're meeting with Ellie Baker of the Washington, D.C. Girls Orphanage in thirty minutes," she said and handed him directions and his keys.

Gus looked up with a blank look. "The orphanage?" he asked.

Dora glanced down at his desk covered with papers and pulled out the brochure. "Yes. The orphanage."

"Ah!,' he said, remembering that Sal had wanted him to check it out. "Can you reschedule for next week?" he asked. "I need to try and get Ed Mason again."

"Nope," she said. "You need to see this place," she said. "Ed Mason can wait, I guarantee it."

Gus looked at his secretary's unemotional face and knew he was going to the orphanage. "Okay. Any reason this is so important?" he asked.

"Because she's a blond," Dora said and turned on her heal and left the office.

Gus stared at his elderly secretary's retreating back. What in the world was that supposed to mean, he wondered.

He looked back down at the information. He really needed a break. He should just take a half hour and go check this out. If he hurried, he could be back in time to try and get in touch with Ed Mason and try and start the negotiations for the west coast site.

Thirty minutes later he strolled through the shabby entrance of the girls' orphanage and was astonished to hear the laughter coming down the hallway. For some reason, he'd always pictured orphanages as sad and somewhat militant. He suspected that he had Hollywood movies to thank for that image.

A round woman with a smiling face greeted him as soon as he entered the administration office. "You must be Gus Attracelli," the woman said, extending her hand. "I'm Ellie Baker. We're delighted that you've taken the time to stop by and see our operation," she said.

Gus nodded, not willing to commit to anything at this point. Ellie showed him around the building, talking about the various activities for the kids, noting the computer room where several students were working on what seemed to be their homework. There was also a ballet class and a huge playground filled with boys and girls running and laughing.

At the end of the tour, Ellie took him through a series of classrooms where adults were paired up with teenagers or elementary kids, helping with homework or just talking and laughing. It was an interesting tour and Ellie explained all the programs the foundation had developed over the past few years.

"And this is the silly party," Ellie was saying. She whispered as she waived her hand to a small group of toddlers dressed in the gaudiest outfits Gus had ever seen. They all had floppy hats and were draped in costume jewelry and scarves. Gus's eyes widened when he noticed several of the little girls were wearing designer shoes that had probably cost over four hundred dollars. And the scarves were pure silk, one was a Versace scarf, he knew since he'd just bought one for a woman about a month ago, he thought.

But what struck him hardest was the woman listening intently to a magical story one of the little girls was telling. The woman wore a huge straw hat with a red, pink and yellow floral scarf tied around the top in a bow so he couldn't see her face at all. She had three or four strands of pearls draped around her neck, and another scarf tied around each of her wrists. None of the scarves matched her periwinkle blue Chanel suit.

What he noticed wasn't the hat or the suit or the gaudy jewelry. His eyes were caught by her legs. The hostess of the silly party, as Ellie had called it, had the sexiest legs he'd seen since he'd watched a woman play tennis a week ago.

His eyes traveled from her tiny feet with her shoes off up to her slim, periwinkle clad hips that were twisted slightly in the tiny, toddler chair. He suspected that the little girl to the left of her had liked the shoes because the little girl was wearing periwinkle pumps, the exact shade of the woman's suit. Her legs were crossed conservatively at her delicate ankles. His eyes traveled upward again, noting her slim calves and muscular thighs. He was impressed again when he noted that, although she was perched in a toddler chair, her cute little derriere fit perfectly.

Unfortunately, that was about all he could see of her figure but she instantly held his attention.

"You don't say!" the woman replied to a story one of the little girls was telling. Gus couldn't understand a word the child was saying but the woman obviously did since she replied several times, nodding in what seemed to be the appropriate places which only encouraged the other little girls to add to the story. They were all chiming in at the same time, wanting to make the story as outrageous as possible. Gus caught the word "shark" and "bear" suspiciously close to "Barbie" and "fairy godmother" but nothing else made sense.

Gus didn't know how long he had been standing there watching the scene, but he finally heard Ellie clearing her throat. "Would you care to join the tea party?" she asked.

Gus shook his head and pulled his gaze away from the mysterious woman. He wondered who she was, then assumed she was one of the corporate mentors Ellie had mentioned to him. He turned away but his head snapped back when he heard her laughing at whatever the girls had said. It was a light, twinkling sound that affected him all the way into his gut, his stomach muscles clenching with an instantaneous need to meet and possess the woman with the amazing laugh and sexy legs.

Ellie was waiting for him at the end of the hallway and he hurried down to her and they walked back to the office.

Now that he was away from the mysterious woman, the spell he'd been under was gone and he was able to concentrate again. "I'm sorry, but I need to rush," Gus explained. "I'm trying to reach someone and need to get back to the office," he said when they reached the administrative offices again.

Ellie nodded her head and extended her hand to shake his. "Yes, you probably have a lot of business to attend to. Thank you so much for stopping by and visiting us."

Gus shook her hand then took out his cell phone then cursed in his mind. His battery was dead again. He'd forgotten to charge it last night. "May I borrow your phone for a moment?" he asked Ellie.

"Absolutely. Do you need to use my office for privacy?"

Gus appreciated the offer but shook his head. "No. I just need to check in with my secretary."

"Help yourself," she said and pushed the phone across the counter towards him.

Gus dialed up and Dora answered on the first ring. "Have you heard from Ed Mason yet?" he asked.

He listened as Dora answered him. "Well, as soon as you can get him on the phone, let me know. My cell phone has died but I'll be back at the office tomorrow. If he doesn't respond, we'll go with the second choice and work out the details later."

Gus hung up a moment later and smiled at Ellie. "Thanks for the phone. I'll be in touch."

Ellie smiled tentatively. "You're trying to reach Ed Mason?" she asked.

Gus nodded, wanting to get out of the office so he could find out who the woman was in the tea party. He knew he should be concentrating on business, but she wouldn't leave his mind. He was hoping Dora would be able to get a list of the mentors working here. Hopefully, he could narrow the list down and find the woman with the haunting laughter and great legs. The tennis player from a few days ago also came to his mind and he wondered why he was suddenly so fascinated by women's legs.

Before Gus knew what was happening, Ellie was speaking into the phone he'd just hung up. "Nancy, I need you to get Ed to call Gus Attracelli," she said in her no-nonsense tone of voice. "No, immediately, Nancy. I think it is important and Ed might be losing some business if he delays." Ellie nodded as the person on the other end of the phone said something. "That would be great. Thanks Nancy," Ellie said and hung up.

Ellie smiled at Gus. "Ed will be calling you tomorrow morning, first thing,' she said.

Gus thought his mouth might drop open. "How did you accomplish that?" he asked.

Ellie shrugged. "We all have our resources," she said. Then her attention was diverted as a group of girls strolled in, arguing about makeup. "I'd better resolve this," Ellie said apologetically. "Makeup can get a little scary when teenage girls are involved."

Ellie came around the desk. "Ladies," she said firmly and even Gus stood up straighter when this friendly, motherly woman used that tone. "Hand it all over," she said.

Gus slipped out, not wanting to get in the middle of a make up dispute among teenage girls.

---

Walking into the ballroom, Gus glanced around, wondering how long he had to stay at this event before he could head home and watch the hockey game. The ball was an obligatory event for ATI and it was his turn to show up. He and his four other brothers alternated attending these events, with him and Carlo picking up more than the lion's share now that the others were married and either expecting or already have kids.

The lights were bright and everyone was decked out in their most glamorous outfits. The ladies were all in designer gowns in every color of the rainbow. The men were in almost identical tuxedos, a few were wearing colorful cummerbunds.

Gus took a glass of champagne from a passing waiter and wished it were a beer. Taking a sip, he grimaced as he scanned the room, wondering if there was anyone he really needed to speak to here tonight or if he could just make a few rounds of the room then head on out. He decided that he would make one round of the room, then decide how important the night might be for ATI to have a presence here. He was willing to forsake the hockey game that was playing tonight as long as he could make some progress on some project or help one of his brothers out on theirs with a useful contact.

After an hour, he had to smother a yawn. He was steadily making his way to the door when someone dropped a pen right in front of him. Gus bent down to pick it up and was confronted by the best set of legs he'd seen in about two weeks. Tennis lady, he thought. He banished the idea. He had been thinking about her ever since he'd played golf that afternoon. She'd popped into his mind at the oddest moments.

He was embarrassed to say that he hadn't seen her face. But he definitely knew her legs.

He stood up, about to turn away when the most beautiful blond turned to smile her thanks, her hand outstretched to take back her pen.

Gus slowly surveyed her slender figure clad in a sea green dress ala the 1950s. It was tee-length with a fitted bodice that smoothed over very lovely breasts, he thought. They weren't too big or small, just right for his hands, he considered. She had the tiniest waist but then her figure was covered by the flaring skirt held up by yards and yards of chiffon and toole.

His eyes finally made it higher and he took in the loveliest blue eyes he'd ever seen, and skin so perfect, he wanted to touch her cheek to see if it was real or made of porcelain. Her long eyelashes were slightly closed, eliminating his view of her eyes, a fact that made him want to make her smile so she would look back up at him.

He knew he was making her self-conscious. He was being rude and his mother would have been horrified if she were still alive. The woman was actually blushing while he made his perusal, but he couldn't help it. He was literally speechless. He wanted to say something witty or even intelligent to put her at her ease, but he couldn't think of anything.

"Thank you," she said, her voice barely a whisper.

Gus raised his eyebrows in question.

"For the pen," she said, a small hand waiving toward his own hand that was holding her pen.

"Oh!" Gus reacted, startled. He'd forgotten that he was even holding her pen. "I'm sorry, here you go."

He stretched out his hand and offered her the pen, aware that she was avoiding looking at him again. That didn't sit well with Gus. When she was about to take her pen, his large hand closed over hers, holding it prisoner with his gentle grip. "I'm Giuseppe Attracelli. My friends call me Gus," he said, his mind screaming his need to see her beautiful, crystal, blue eyes again.

"Hello, Mr. Attracelli. It is very nice meeting you but I have to go," she said, clearing her throat to get the words out.

"Aren't you going to tell me your name?"

The woman shook her head. "I really need to go," she replied.

But he wouldn't release her hand. When she pulled away, his other arm reached out and held her elbow so her hand couldn't pull away from his. "So you're the mystery woman of the evening, correct? May I guess your name?"

"No, please, I really need to..."

"Lorelie?"

The woman's eyes shot up to his and he chuckled at her reaction. "Not exactly, but I'm close, right? So you're not an Irish poem or legend. But you are probably named something soft and beautiful. Is it Alana?"

The vision glanced away, trying desperately to find an escape.

"Bingo!" Gus chuckled, and smiled at her blush. "Why are you trying to leave? We've only just met? I promise to behave if you'll honor me with a dance."

"No really..."

"Alana! How are you doing?" a man came up beside her. "I didn't know you'd be here tonight."

"Hello, Brian," the woman said and moved imperceptibly closer to Gus.

Gus didn't understand the situation, but he understood the body language. This woman, obviously named Alana, did not like Brian whatever his name is.

Gus eyed the man and wasn't impressed. He was only about an inch taller than Alana in her heels and seemed like he should be on a used car lot rather than a society ballroom. He wore the requisite tuxedo but had a bright green cumber bun with paisley designs. His bow tie matched his cumber bun ensemble. There was nothing overtly wrong with the man, but Gus took an instant dislike to him. It didn't help that he bent to kiss Alana who obviously did not want to receive it. Brian originally was aiming to kiss her lips, but Alana turned at the last moment so the man's lips landed on her cheek instead.

"How about a dance for old time's sake, huh?" he turned to Gus and offered a cheesy smile. "You don't mind, do you old man?" and he started to reach between the two of them to take Alana's arm.

"Actually, Brian, Gus and I were just heading onto the dance floor. Perhaps another time?" she said and her voice was very assertive. Gone was the soft whispers and shyness.

Gus put his hand on the small of her back and nodded to the shorter man. "Excuse us, please."

He led her out onto the dance floor and took her into his arms, not bothering to look back to see how Brian was taking the rejection. He suspected that the man didn't like rejection too well.

They had been swaying to the music for several minutes before she spoke. "Thank you," she said, and her voice was quiet again, but at least she wasn't whispering.

"My pleasure," Gus said, and smiled down at her.

Alana looked up and she was almost dizzy. The man was too tall for her tastes, she told herself. And too handsome. Why did he have to have that dimple when he smiled? Her heart went into overdrive when he smiled down at her like that.

"Who was he?" Gus asked.

"No one important."

Gus considered that for a moment. "I think he was pretty important. Most people don't react like that to acquaintances."

Alana smiled at his perceptiveness. "How did you guess my name so quickly?"

"Shot in the dark," he said, shrugging his massive shoulders. "A little luck too, I guess."

"Do you have a lot of that?"

"Luck?"

Alana nodded.

"As much as anyone, I suppose."

Alana could see the curious expression on his face. He wanted to question her further. "What do you do, Gus?" she asked.

"Have fun, I hope."

Alana laughed. "For a living? You don't strike me as one of those socialites who travel from one party to the next searching for the latest thrill."

"What do I strike you as?"

"Well, that's a loaded question."

Gus laughed, delighted with her wit. "Okay, I won't open myself up like that again."

"But you're not going to tell me what you do?"

"Nope."

"Why not?" she asked. "Why so secretive?"

"Don't you get tired of the same old questions?"

Alana nodded.

"So let's ignore the day to day and start living just the two of us?" he said and spun her around.

Alana shook her head. "Ah, we're already to the romantic drivel."

Gus chuckled. "Not an existentialist, are you?"

"No. I'm more of a realist."

"What is Brian to your reality?"

"Nothing," she said quickly.

He had danced her all the way to the other side of the ballroom. She was angry now, which made him more intrigued.

"Where are you taking me?" she asked as he suavely took her hand and led her out one of the ballroom doors to a patio.

"For a walk," he replied. "It was pretty hot in there."

Alana looked back at the dancers. She was instantly nervous when the light from the ballroom slowly faded away. "I don't think I need any fresh air," she said and started heading into the ballroom.

"Brian was about to cut in. I didn't think you'd want that," he said.

Alana looked back and sure enough, Brian was standing near the doorway looking around, his hands on his hips. She quickly walked into the shadows of the garden.

Gus smiled and followed her, preferring the darkness to the bright lights of the ballroom and patio area.

"Who are you?" Alana asked as she sat down on a bench. She was completely sheltered from anyone spying her from the ballroom by a flowering bush, but she wouldn't separate herself completely from the light.

Gus leaned his shoulders against a tree and took in the lovely sight she presented. Did she have any idea of how vulnerable she was? He had felt her shivers when he'd handed her the pen. He knew she was interested in him but not willing to admit it to herself. He didn't know why but it was just another mystery about this woman he was determined to unravel.

Gus noticed that she kept glancing nervously back at the ballroom, but her tightly clenched hands indicated that she knew Brian wasn't her only concern. Smart woman, he thought.

"Relax, you're safe from me," Gus lied. He wanted to pull her into his arms and kiss her red lips, make her tremble in his arms and show her how good he instinctively knew they would be together. But he restrained himself. For some reason, he didn't want to blow it with this particular woman. He was feeling oddly protective. That didn't mean his masculine instincts wouldn't override that protectiveness if she gave him the smallest lead.

She looked like a fairy perched so daintily on the bench. Her golden hair glowed in the moonlight filtering through the trees and he wanted to reach out and touch her, make sure she was real. She also looked like she would bolt at the slightest provocation. He had to take a deep breath and slow down the mental images flashing through his mind with the possibilities.

Alana took a deep breath and tried to relax. She needed to get away from this man but she didn't want to run into anyone else at the party. The feelings Gus stirred in her were unfamiliar and dangerous to her peace of mind.

On the other hand, she'd been trying to avoid Brian all evening and it was unfortunate that he'd caught her just as she was trying to leave the party. He wasn't even supposed to be in town. She'd heard through the grapevine that he was living in New York now. What in the world was he doing back in Washington, D.C.? She didn't trust the man at all. Brian showing up in town could only mean trouble and she wanted to stay as far away from him as she could.

"Why don't we leave here?" Gus suggested, wondering if a change of atmosphere would help her relax.

She smiled softly at his question. "That's what I was trying to do about twenty minutes ago when you stopped me."

"Oh. Sorry." He had the grace to look apologetic.

He moved a few steps closer to her. "If you're trying to leave, I have a great idea. Come on over to my place," he suggested. "There's a great hockey game on and I'll talk you through it. I'm sure you'd love hockey."

"Why in the world do you think I'd like hockey?" she laughed, both horrified at the idea of watching a hockey game with all of its violence and somewhat intrigued that he would think to ask her to enjoy the game with him. Of all the things he might have suggested, that was the last thing she'd expected.

Gus was a little blind sided by her smile but he plowed through, glad that she was talking to him and not rushing away. "Why wouldn't you? Hockey is a great game. Lots of action, plenty of suspense and strategy, all of it happening with a lightning quick pace. You'll love it. I guarantee it."

Alana laughed again. "I think I'll pass."

"Ah, but you don't know what you're missing," he said coaxingly. "The Caps are playing the Devilrays. Long time rivalry. There's bound to be lots of great plays."

She shook her head again, not interested in hockey in any way. "I'm sure it will be the game of the season, but I think I'll just head home to a good book and a long soak in the tub," she said and stood up, about to walk out of the relative safety of her hiding place.

He stopped her, his hands on her waist. "Sounds perfect. I'll join you," he grinned wolfishly.

Alana was shocked by the heat in his hands. She inhaled quickly but his spicy aftershave wafted into her nose and she was almost dizzy with the feelings his touch created within her. "No, I can't..." she started, only to stop talking when her eyes became trapped with his.

"Do you know how lovely you are?" he whispered, his voice husky.

"Please don't," she said, knowing he was going to kiss her. But her mouth lifted to his and her head turned, anticipating the kiss even as his mouth touched hers gently.

"Must," he replied. He kissed her softly at first. But when she didn't pull back, he deepened the kiss, his arms going around her waist and his mouth requesting entry to hers.

Alana was lost with the first touch of his lips against hers. Her arms moved up and slid around his neck, her fingers curling into his hair. She arched her body, wanting to touch more of him, instantly needing to feel his muscular body against hers.

Gus lost control of the kiss. What had turned out to be a simple kiss, meant to test the waters, had flamed into a fire that was quickly out of control. He no longer cared that they were twenty feet from a party filled with acquaintances and business associates. He could feel her shiver in reaction to his touch, could feel her breasts against his chest and slipped his hands along her bare shoulders, bending her backwards as he took more, his tongue finding and mating with hers.

She groaned low in her throat and slipped her arms inside his tuxedo jacket, feeling the muscles flex as her hands moved over his chest.

He had to step back before this went too far. He pulled back and looked at her, about to suggest they leave and head back to his place. But the passion glazed look in her eyes and her swollen lips forced him to bend down and kiss her once again, letting the magic take over as they again lost themselves in the desire pulsing through their bodies.

The music started up again, loudly and they both realized where they were. "Oh!" she said and stepped out of his arms, backing up to the bench.

"Come back to my place," he suggested again, his voice husky and barely above a whisper since it was difficult to speak with his body aching to continue the kiss, and more.

Alana shook her head, horrified at what she had just been doing and where. She stepped out of his arms, grateful he let her go but almost fell onto the ground when her shaking legs almost gave out. Never had a kiss affected her so quickly and so deeply. She put her fingers to her lips, then quickly hid them behind her back so he wouldn't notice her shaking fingers. "No, I don't think that would be a very good idea," she whispered, looking anywhere but at this tall, gorgeous man.

"Why not?"

Taking a deep, shuddering breath, she patted her hair to make sure it was still in place, then turned to head back into the ballroom. "I need to go. Thank you for the dance and the rescue," she said with extreme politeness.

With those parting words, she stepped around the bushes into the light again. Before he understood her intent, she was already gone, disappearing into the shadows of the next bush and around the building.

Gus wanted to run after her but couldn't find her. He searched through some of the bushes, but then gave up the search, feeling ridiculous. He went back into the party and headed directly for the exit, handing his ticket to the valet and wondering how he was going to find the woman again. He didn't even know her last name.

Chapter 4

The next morning, Gus walked into Sal's house, what used to be the family house before their parents died eight years ago. Antonia, his only sister and the youngest of the Attracelli siblings, was already there with her two children.

"Stay right where you are," Antonia called when he appeared in the doorway. Gus stopped and took in his baby sister sitting on the carpet, his tiny little nephew, Max, was proudly standing up and tottering towards him.

Gus understood what was happening and instantly went down on his knees, holding out his hands and watching as the eleven month old boy carefully walked to him, falling into his arms when he was a foot away, trusting that his Uncle Gus would catch him.

"Yeah!" Antonia cheered, clapping her hands and jumping up to rush over to him. "You did it! You walked! I'm so proud of you, my little man!" and she kissed her baby on the cheek.

"That's wonderful, Max," Gus cheered, just as excited as his sister. Gus stood up and hugged his little nephew gently, bouncing him in his arms to make him giggle.

Max laughed at the movement and ignored his mother in favor of his uncle's ears, pulling on them as if they were his new play toy.

"Uncle Gus! Uncle Gus!" another voice yelled from outside the family room. A moment later, three year old Emma hurtled herself at Gus's leg, hugging him and looking up as if she had done something spectacular. Gus bent down, Max still pulling at his ears and hugged the female bundle of energy. "How are you, Emma?" he asked, receiving the huge, sloppy kiss she bestowed on his cheek.

"I'm great! But did you see Max? He can walk now!" the proud big sister exclaimed.

"I did! I saw!" Gus returned just as enthusiastically.

Sal walked into the room more sedately behind his niece. "Have a nice time last night?" he asked.

Gus noted the odd look in his older brother's eyes. "It was fine. The person you asked me to look out for wasn't there so it wasn't the most productive evening," Gus said, remembering his frustrated search for his mystery lady.

"Anything interesting happen?" Sal asked, a small smile on his face.

Gus eyed his oldest brother, wondering what he knew. "Nothing out of the ordinary," he said evasively.

Sal nodded. He tossed the newspaper he'd been holding under his arm onto the coffee table, already open to a black and white photograph of him with a blond woman in his arms. "So you make it a practice to kiss society women in the bushes of the functions you attend?"

Gus shook his head. He hadn't noticed any photographers at the ball last night, but he guessed that they attended all those functions. He looked down at the picture and saw himself with Alana draped over his arm, both of them oblivious to the rest of the world because their mouths were locked on each others, their eyes closed and their arms wrapped around each other.

Antonia walked up behind them and glanced at the photograph as she took Max from Gus. "Wow! Nice profile, Gus. Who's the lady?"

Gus read the description and laughed. "She's Alana Mason."

Antonia laughed with him, instantly able to read her brother. "You didn't even know her last name?"

Gus shook his head but folded up the paper. "Where is everyone? Aren't we going to be late for church?" he asked. The whole Attracelli clan met up and went to church together then came back to Sal's house for a big lunch afterwards. It was one way they were able to get together as a family and talk. Working at the same company didn't accomplish that even though they talked on a daily basis. At the office, the discussions were about work. Sundays were reserved for family only.

Sal shook his head and patted his brother on the shoulder. "I told you to check out her charity, not the woman herself," Sal laughed before walking away to sweep Emma up into his arms.

At that moment, Gus' three other brothers walked in and heard their conversation. "What's going on?" Thomas asked, holding one of his twin sons in his arms. Dennis instantly jumped down from his father's arms and ran over to hug his Uncle Gus. Dennis' younger brother by five minutes, Josh, was right behind him.

Gus had children hanging off of every limb so he wasn't able to explain. But Antonia was unencumbered and perfectly happy to embarrass her brother. "Apparently Gus has been making out in the bushes with some society dame. And she's blond to boot! He's breaking free of his redhead obsession. What will the world come up with next?" she asked sarcastically, punching her big brother on the shoulder lightly.

"I wasn't making out," he countered above the din of laughing children.

"Sure looked like it to me from the picture," Sal chimed in from the family room.

Victoria followed behind her family, not in a hurry to interrupt her boys from their fun. "Why were you making out in the bushes? Isn't that a little high schoolish?" she teased.

"I wasn't making out!" Gus said more loudly.

"He didn't even know her name," Antonia added.

Victoria tsked her brother in law. "Why were you making out in the bushes with someone you didn't even know?"

"I knew her first name. She wouldn't tell me her last."

Sal's wife, Laci, was coming down the stairs and heard Gus's last comment. "Why wouldn't she tell you her last name? Was she afraid of you?"

"I'd be afraid of you too, if I were a woman," Brett Hancock, Antonia's husband added, rushing over to pick up Emma who squealed in delight.

"She wasn't afraid of me and we weren't making out. Can everyone get that through their heads?" he shouted, exasperated. "And shouldn't we be getting to church? This crowd is too rowdy to get there late. Father McGulligan frowns at us throughout the whole service when we do."

The five kids, Sal's son Adam being the youngest at ten months, hid from their relatives, preferring to play rather than get strapped into car seats for the drive to church.

Carlo, the youngest of the brothers, but still a year older than Antonia, had walked in at the last moment and saw the newspaper with Gus's photo. He slapped Gus on the shoulders playfully. "I thought you didn't want to go to that thing last night," he said, a huge grin on his face.

"Okay, okay. Can we move on to something more interesting?" he said and picked Emma up since she was trying to push between his legs.

"What could be more interesting than my big brother making the society page?" Michael, the second youngest of the boys, asked, grabbing Josh and tossing him over his shoulder and hanging him there by his ankles. Both kids were screaming in delight. There had never been a great deal of peace in this house but now it was total chaos.

"Don't we need to get going?" Gus asked, exasperated by all this talk about someone whose name he hadn't even known until five minutes ago.

"What's your rush? We have time. At least a few minutes to hear about how you ended up in the bushes last night?" Laci joked, her long brown hair bouncing behind her as she lumbered down the stairs, heavily pregnant with her second child.

"I agree, you have a lot of explaining to do," Thomas said, laughing as Gus rolled his eyes.

"She probably didn't tell me her last name since she knew what an invasive family I have." The whole family slowly moved out of the house and into cars, then off to church for the Sunday service. Gus was grateful for the relative silence of the service but noticed several of his siblings looking at him curiously, a smile on their faces during the service. He pretended to ignore them while he mulled the woman's name around in his mind, reliving the kiss they'd shared the previous night instead of paying attention to the sermon.

Alana woke up at her normal time on Sunday and stretched her tired body. She'd been up half the night reliving the kiss she'd shared with Gus so she didn't feel very refreshed even though she'd gone to bed over eight hours ago. She was embarrassed that she didn't know anything about the man. Except that he was a great kisser. Oh, and there was the knowledge that he was extremely well built with muscles in all the right places, she thought, her mind wandering back to the feel of him underneath his tuxedo jacket. That man's chest was rock solid, she remembered.

Alana could feel her face flare with color at the idea of her being so forward with a man she didn't know. How could her body have betrayed her to such a point with a stranger? She was not that type of woman, she told herself.

Rolling out of bed, she sighed deeply. This was not a good thing, she told herself. She could not be mooning after a man like Gus, whatever his name was.

She pulled on a robe and some slippers, then went downstairs to the patio to join her father for breakfast.

Kissing him on the cheek, she sat down next to him and poured herself a cup of coffee. "How are you?" she asked, taking the front page section of the newspaper and scanning the articles.

"Fine, fine. How are you?" he asked, eyeing his daughter carefully.

She didn't bother to glance up at him or she would have seen the twinkle in his eyes as he asked that question. "I'm fine," she said.

"Did you have a nice time last night?" he asked.

Alana didn't answer immediately. She smiled up at Maria, the cook and housekeeper who brought out a bowl filled with fresh fruit, Alana's usual breakfast. "Thank you Maria," Alana said and the woman disappeared back into the kitchen.

Ed Mason waited another few minutes before asking his question again. "How was your evening last night?"

"Oh, it was fine," she said, avoiding his eyes. "The usual group of people, no one very interesting."

"Hmmm.." he said.

That got her attention. "Why do you ask?" she asked suspiciously. She knew she was being silly. There was no way her father could know how inappropriately she had behaved last night.

Ed opened up the section he'd been reading and turned it to face his daughter. He almost laughed openly when she realized what he was showing her. Her gasp of horror was priceless.

"How could she?" Alana asked, not expecting an answer. She stared open mouthed in horror as she read the caption underneath the picture of her and Gus kissing. "Has our princess Alana found her prince in Gus Attracelli? Or is Ms. Alana, the ice princess, just another in a long line of mistresses from our handsome Gus? We're all waiting to see!"

Alana wasn't sure what to do. She looked up at her father, but all he did was chuckle at her expression again. "Don't look at me," he said, raising his arms up in the air as if she were holding a gun to him. "I didn't take the picture."

"I didn't even see her!"

"Obviously," Ed said, laughing again. He was delighted. He knew Gus Attracelli and liked the man, respected him even. What was more, he had never seen his daughter so rattled. It was a good sign. She'd wrapped herself up in her charity work and his social whirl so much he didn't know if she saw that life was passing her by. He knew her divorce after her disastrous, one month marriage had hit her hard. She'd never failed so miserably at anything in her life. He wasn't sure if she'd ever failed at anything, miserably or otherwise.

"This is horrible!" she said again, her hand covering her mouth as she stared at the picture, embarrassed that her father, and the rest of the world, had seen her awful indiscretion.

"Why is it so horrible? People kiss each other all the time. Some get photographed. Others don't," he said philosophically.

Alana shook her head. "But those other people aren't trying to find funding for children who desperately need the help. How am I supposed to seriously ask someone for funding when I act like a trollop?"

"A trollop? Isn't that a little harsh? You were kissing the man. What's the harm in that?" he took a sip of coffee, thoroughly enjoying his daughter's rare show of emotion. She was always so calm, so in control of every situation.

Right now, her cheeks were flushed, her eyes were sparkling and she'd never looked so lovely, he thought to himself. He didn't dare say that out loud. He didn't think his always-appropriate daughter would appreciate the extra coloring.

"Well, it seems to me that you have two options," Ed said.

"What's that?:" she said, leaning back in her chair, her hands covering her eyes.

"One - you can move to China where probably no one has seen that picture. Or two, you can go out and date the man publicly, get to know him, kiss him more openly and not always behind the bushes, even though those bushes look very nice and private..."

"Stop, dad! You aren't helping," she cried.

Ed just laughed harder. It wasn't easy to rile Alana so he was taking full advantage of this moment.

"I'll see what flights are available to China, then," he said and chuckled, picking up his newspaper and flipping the pages straight.

Alana stormed off the patio, leaving her coffee and fruit behind.

Six days later, Alana took another glass of lemonade and smiled at the couple talking to her. She had no idea what they were saying. She felt like she was about to jump out of her skin each time she heard a deep voice, thinking it would be Gus.

The garden party was in full swing. The September afternoon was perfect with a beautiful sunny sky, low humidity and a gentle breeze that was just strong enough to cool down the guests without causing havoc with the table cloths. Alana was grateful for the cooler weather. September days in Washington, D.C. were unpredictable. They could be just like an August summer afternoon with all the heat and humidity making everything sticky and miserable. Or they could be cool, bright, sunny and delightful, just as they were today.

A whole week had passed since her escapade in the bushes with Gus Attracelli. Six days since she'd opened up the paper to see her embrace plastered in the gossip columns. Ever since that silly picture, it was all people talked about. She needed to discuss donations to the school house or companies that would sponsor mentors for tutoring for her kids. She didn't need to talk about being kissed at some silly party.

"Dear, where's that handsome man you were with the other night?" Elaine Peabody asked, a smile on her face. Alana didn't want to offend the elderly lady but the idea of throwing her lemonade at the woman's face jumped to mind. Elaine was about sixty five years old and wore flowery dresses to every function with a hat to match. She twirled her pearl necklace as she looked around at the other guests with a sweet, benign smile.

Alana's smile froze on hers. Again! Didn't anyone else do something silly that they regretted the next morning? "I don't know. I haven't seen him since that party," Alana replied as politely as possible. That was three inquiries in the past hour.

Todd Peabody chuckled. "I can't imagine Gus letting someone like you loose without him. I know Gus and he's a great guy. You couldn't do better."

"We don't have any serious plans to see each other again," Alana said, feeling ridiculous that she'd been caught kissing someone one night, then explaining that she wasn't very interested in him afterwards.

"You go get him," Elaine said, completely ignoring Alana's claim that they weren't seeing each other again. "He's a very fine catch. You can't do better than Gus."

Alana wanted to scream at the woman and all the rest of the guests she'd spoken to today. Don't any of them understand that she and Gus were never a couple and never would be? "If you'll excuse me, I need to speak to my father," Alana said, her lips pursed to keep herself from yelling. She forced a s smile to her face and tried to appear outwardly calm but she was furious inside. Seething in fact.

Her whole reputation, everything she stood for, was now in shambles because of one kiss. One kiss that she had let get out of control and now everyone was talking about.

Stepping into the shade of a tall, old oak tree, Alana let the cool wind calm her temper. She fought for control as the breeze picked up the wispy chiffon of her lemon yellow dress. The layers of chiffon overlapped, forming a soft silhouette. She wished she felt as calm as she hoped she looked but doubted it was possible since her stomach was clenching in her frustration.

Reminding herself of the desperate need for computers at the orphanage, she dove right back into the party, intending to speak to Mac Sweeney, a software company owner that might have some old computers that he could donate.

She was halfway across the lawn when she saw him and her whole body froze. She hadn't invited Gus Attracelli! Why in the world had he shown up?

She watched in astonishment as her father crossed the lawn and shook Gus's hand. Had her father invited him without her knowledge? It wouldn't be the first time he'd invited someone without telling her about it. It was his party, after all, so if he wanted to invite last minute guests, that was his prerogative. Alana always ordered extra food for just this type of situation.

It didn't help when Gus caught her eye and raised his glass in a toast to her. Several of the other guests noticed his action and smiled in her direction. Alana didn't think she could have gotten any angrier. She was wrong.

Why had her father befriended this man? Why now? Her father knew how much this man upset her. He'd seen her reaction last week on the patio when she'd caught her picture in the newspaper gossip column. Then she remembered how he had laughed last Sunday when she'd seen the picture. Had he invited Gus just to rile her?

No, her father wasn't that mean-spirited. Alana wasn't sure what was going on, but she intended to get to the bottom of this situation quickly. She would corner her father immediately after the party and find out why he had invited Gus to the garden party.

She stole a glance at Gus from across the lawn. He definitely looked good, she thought. He was wearing khaki slacks with a crisply pressed, white dress shirt that stretched across his broad shoulders. His stomach was flat and she could see the muscles in his legs since one hand was in his pocket and pulled the fabric of his slacks tight against his leg.

Alana gasped when he turned suddenly. He'd caught her staring and he had the audacity to wink at her. She turned away quickly, hoping he was too far away to see her cheeks turn read.

Her temper was at a boiling point and she was fighting to control it. She forced a smile to her face and listened with only half an ear to what someone was telling her. She wasn't even aware of who she was talking to.

After two more hours, the party was starting to wind down. Alana looked over at the table at which her father and Gus were talking. It looked like a very serious conversation which meant that her father probably had some business connections with Gus. That surprised her. She usually knew most of his business acquaintances, knowing that her father would want them invited to the various functions he hosted.

Alana slipped around the edge of the party, intending to move closer to the house so she could avoid any meeting with the man. She didn't have to look to know which table he was sitting at or who he was talking to. She'd known exactly where he'd been ever since he'd arrived. Her senses were completely in tune with his every movement. And if she'd ever been able to forget, every person she'd spoken to had deemed it necessary to point out his current location at the party to her.

She wanted to scream. Alana never screamed, but this was a perfect situation to lose her temper.

There were never any press invited to her parties so she didn't have any fear that her picture would end up in the gossip columns again. But people in her social circle talked. And she did not want to be the latest gossip topic.

Finally, there were only a few more guests that were making their way towards the exit. Alana said goodbye to the last ones and was walking over to speak to the caterer about clean up when her father waived her over to where he was talking with Gus.

She ignored his summons and waived back, going in the opposite direction.

As she turned her back, she heard them laughing and she almost stopped to demand what was so funny but she refused to give in to the urge. She knew that if she went over there, she would make a fool of herself and she was not going to let that happen.

The caterer was already packing up their supplies and the rental company was parking the truck to load up the rental tables and chairs. There wasn't much for her to do which was why she worked with these companies whenever she planned a party.

"How long are you going to avoid me?" a deep voice said from behind her.

She was on the pool side of the lawn, intending to stay as far away from her father and Gus Attracelli as possible.

"Forever," she said without turning to look at him. She immediately started walking again.

He fell into step beside her. "The Caps won."

Alana stopped walking and glanced up at him, confused. "Excuse me?"

"The Caps? Hockey? They won last Saturday night. I know you were curious so I just thought I'd let you know."

Alana turned back and started walking towards the stables again. "Oh."

"Four to one."

She stopped again to look at him, confused. "Four to one, what?" she asked, knowing she should just ignore him but her curiosity and confusion got the better of her.

"The score. I knew that would be your next question but you're obviously too shy and embarrassed about missing the game."

Alana bit her lip to keep herself from laughing. She turned and started walking towards the house, wanting to make a quick exit. She didn't want to like him but he was acting so charming, she was having a hard time not smiling at his silly comments.

"No hat trick though."

Alana stopped again. She told herself not to ask; not to care. But she was too curious. "Hat trick?"

"Yep." He was nodding his head seriously.

Alana waited but he didn't offer more information. "I'm sorry, but you'll have to explain a hat trick. I thought hockey was played on ice with a puck and sticks."

"You're correct."

She was exasperated with him. Was he going to explain or not? "Did you go see a magic show or something afterwards?"

He smiled and Alana's eyes were surprised by his dimples. "No. A hat trick is when one player scores five points in one game. It's extremely difficult to do so they call it a hat trick."

Alana nodded her head as she watched him. Then turned on her heel and started walking again. She shouldn't have asked. It only encouraged him. Hat trick, indeed! What a ridiculous thing to call a sport issue - or whatever it was.

He fell right into step beside her. "Did you know your phone is broken?"

She kept on walking, knowing he was referring to the four phone messages he'd left her over the past week. She was embarrassed to be caught being so rude. "I received your messages. I'm sorry I didn't return your calls. I've been pretty busy lately," she finished lamely.

She noticed that he nodded out of the corner of her eye.

"That's okay. I understand completely."

She didn't like the laughter in his voice. "What do you understand?" she said, stopping again to turn and face him.

He looked at her lovely face, liking the fire in her beautiful blue eyes. "I understand that you're attracted to me but for some reason you don't want to have anything to do with me. I'm guessing it has to do with the kiss the other night and the uncontrollable passion we seemed to ignite off each other."

"I don't..." she tried to finish but the words just wouldn't come. It had been uncontrollable.

"I know, you don't know what to do about it," he said and took a step closer. "It's a little amazing, isn't it?"

Alana took a step backwards, flustered by his closeness. She could smell his aftershave and liked it. "No, I don't..." she couldn't finish. He was too close to her and his words rang true. She was terrified of him.

Alana didn't want to deal with a relationship again. She'd been in one relationship that had ended in disaster and embarrassment. She couldn't go through that again.

"Don't worry. We'll take it slow," he said softly.

"No, we won't," she said and took a deep breath. "I don't want to see you again. It has to be that way. I'd appreciate it if you'd respect my wishes on this."

"That won't work," he said and his hand reached up to smooth a stray lock of blond hair that had fallen across her face.

"It has to work," she said angrily, her hands fisted at her sides. "Look, Gus, I have some important things to accomplish and I don't need this," she sputtered, waiving her hands between their bodies, "whatever it is, to happen."

"Too late," he said, smiling at her loss of control. He could tell she was angry and he liked it. He liked her showing some emotion instead of just ignoring him. He also liked the fact that he could rile her so easily. It showed him that he affected her just as much as she affected him.

She stomped her foot in frustration, which only caused her heel to hurt. "Nothing is too late. We just need to stop being around each other."

Gus nodded shook his head, his eyes sympathetic. "Are you telling me that you haven't thought about that kiss every day since it happened? Are you telling me that you haven't dreamed about it, woken up in the middle of the night wondering what it would be like between us?"

He looked down into her eyes and saw that she was about to deny it. "Don't lie," he said and pressed his finger over her mouth. "I can see the truth in your eyes."

"Ehh! Stop it," she said, shaking her head at the image he was creating in her mind. Everything he said was true. She had dreamt about their kiss. She'd woken up almost every night for the past six nights thinking about him and wondering if it could have worked out if things had been different, if she'd been a different person without her past. But she couldn't overlook what she knew, what she'd already experienced at the hands of selfish, arrogant men. She wouldn't put herself back into that kind of position again.

Putting a finger to the middle of his chest, she emphasized her words, "Look, I don't need you in my life. I don't need any man. So just leave me alone!"

She realized she was shouting and she stopped, looked around to see if anyone was close enough to hear her. When she realized they were far enough from everyone, including the servants and caterers, she was relieved. Alana stepped back, wanting to put some space between the two of them. He made her crazy!

"Leave me alone," she said again, in a softer tone, but with just as much heat.

"Alana wait," he said and reached out to stop her. But she whipped her hand away before he could grab her and took a quick step back. "No, you don't understand," Gus said, and chuckled softly, "You're about to..."

"Gus, don't you touch me!" she said and stepped back again.

"Alana, please, you really don't understand what is about to happen. Just look behind you..." but it was too late. She'd backed up to the edge of the pool and the only thing he could do, the only gentlemanly thing to do, was to grab her around her waist and pull her towards him.

The plan would have worked if she hadn't lost her temper and pushed against him with all her might. Unfortunately for both her pride and her chiffon dress, by the time she realized what was happening, it was too late. She was falling backwards into the crystal clear waters of the swimming pool. Her yell of shock was drowned out by the water swallowing her up.

Alana came up sputtering and furious. "Oh!"

Gus leaned down to the pool level and smothered a laugh. "I'm sorry, I tried to warn you." He reached down and offered her a hand to pull her out.

The water was very cold since the nights were about sixty degrees lately. The sun didn't have enough time to warm up the water so she was shivering. She reached out for his hand, grateful for his assistance out of the pool.

He easily lifted her out of the water, then reached down and swung her up into his arms, carrying her into the house as if she weighed nothing.

She was too embarrassed by her temper and too cold to resist his help. In fact, she wrapped her arms around his shoulders, trying to get some of his heat. The chiffon dress didn't provide any protection against the cool breezes now and the dress was plastered against her skin.

"You don't need to carry me," she said, but was shivering so badly that she could barely get the words out.

"That's okay," he said as he entered the house. "I like carrying you. I can touch you freely and you aren't pushing me away. Must be progress, right?" Gus didn't wait for a response which was good since she was too cold to give him one. He had entered into the back of the house but the grand center staircase was easily visible. He strode confidently up the stairs. "Which way?" he asked, standing at the top. There was a hallway in each direction with several doors but no indication as to which door was hers.

"I can make it from here," she said and wriggled to get down. "Thank you for your help. And I apologize for losing my temper. It rarely happens," she said with as much dignity as she could muster under the circumstances.

He let her feet drop to the floor and her body slid down his. They stood there like that for a long moment, both of them only seeing the other as the impact of their bodies touching hit their consciousness.

"I probably look like a mess," she said, her hand reaching up to her hair that had been in a sophisticated French twist only a few minutes earlier. It was now hanging limply from her head.

"You look lovely," he replied, but his mind was more on her breasts that were showing clearly through her dress. He had a clear view of her figure as the dress was weighted down and he was enchanted.

He bent down and gently kissed her on her lips. And just like the last time, the fire instantly started. Her mouth responded, despite her best intentions and Alana stepped forward, his arms immediately closing around her waist.

Alana opened her mouth, allowing his tongue to have it's way. She shivered, but not from the cold this time. Now it was because Gus was touching her back, her waist, her rib cage and the feelings his hands were creating made her body crave more. Alana wrapped her arms around his neck, and she pressed her body closer.

The world tilted suddenly and Alana felt herself being lifted again, but Gus's lips never left hers as he opened the nearest door, walked through it and slammed it shut with his foot. Once the door was closed, he carried her over to the bed and laid her in the middle of it, then came down beside her, pulling her into his arms again.

Alana knew she needed to stop this insanity. But each time she gathered enough sense to say something, his hand moved to another sensitive spot along her body and she was helpless again as desire coursed through her system.

Gus leaned over and took her breast in his mouth through her dress. The roughness of the fabric caused Alana to cry out, holding his head in place with her fists in his hair. Alana clenched her eyes closed and whimpered, needing him to both stop and continue the pleasurable torture.

Gus moved back to her mouth, kissing her hard. Suddenly, he stopped and sat up, pulling her with him as he did so. "Alana, we have to stop," he said and watched with pride as her eyes opened and he saw the desire there that he was also feeling.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean for this to get so out of hand," Gus said and stood up next to the bed. "We need to slow down. Get to know each other. Come out to dinner with me tonight and let's talk," he said.

Slowly, the desire dissipated as his words sunk into her passion dazed mind. When she looked around her and realized that they had been making out on the bed of one of the guest rooms, her face flamed into color. What made it worse was that it hadn't been her who had put a stop to their lovemaking. If the responsibility had been left up to her, she didn't think she would have stopped at all.

Putting a hand to her hair, which was now more mussed than the pool had left it, she stumbled backwards. "I'm sorry, I have to go."

Gus grabbed her hands and held her steady a moment before she almost tripped over a stool placed near the bed. "Careful," he cautioned and the laughter was back in his eyes.

Alana turned around quickly, furious with herself for being so clumsy around him. "I really have to go."

"Alana, wait. Come out to dinner with me. Let's explore this thing we have together."

"No," she said furiously, walking quickly towards the door. "I can't do that. There isn't anything between us. I have to go," she said and reached for the door knob.

Gus moved like lightning. Before she could open the door, his hand was pressing against the top, holding it closed. He bent down and whispered in her ear, "You're fooling yourself if you think this is over."

Alana spun around to face him. "It can't go any further," she said emphatically.

"Give me one good reason and I'll walk away and won't bother you again." He was staring down at her lovely face and watched the emotions flash across her features. His stomach clenched at the idea that she could come up with something justifiable.

"I can't," she stammered. "You just have to trust me that whatever there is between us is better left unexamined."

Gus slowly shook his head, his hands never leaving the wood from the door as he blocked her in between his arms. "Not good enough. It doesn't make any sense to avoid something that feels this good," he said, his voice was husky as he contemplated kissing her again. He knew she wouldn't resist. He could see it in her eyes. She wanted him just as much as he wanted her. And it scared the hell out of her.

The fear in her eyes was the only reason he stepped back from the door. "I'm going to see you again, Alana. You can fight it all you want but in the end, it is inevitable."

"Nothing is inevitable!" she gasped. "Just respect my wishes and that would be that."

"I've tried. But you're in my mind all the time. And I'm in yours. Don't deny it anymore. The only thing left is for you to learn to trust me. That will take time but I'm a patient man," he said. With those words, he let her exit the room.

Alana whipped open the door and rushed out. Once she was in the relative safety of the hallway, she glanced back at him. That was her mistake. He stood there, his arms crossed over his chest and a challenging look in his eyes.

Alana literally ran down the hallway to her room, closing the door quickly and locking it. She leaned against the thick wood and stared unseeingly at her room, her heart racing not just from her rush to get away, but also from the feelings he created inside her.

How could one man make her feel so happy, furious, confused and passionate, all within minutes of each other. Alana had lived a very well ordered life. She liked the calm, the expected. She wanted to wake up in the morning and know what her day was going to be like. She wanted to accomplish something with her life and that wasn't getting into bed with that infuriating, arrogant man!

He made her laugh, true, but he made her furious as well. She didn't like losing her temper. It rarely happened. She had an image she presented to the world of a cool, calm negotiator for her causes. Gus had gotten in the way twice. This had to stop. Whatever business he had with her father, she would just ask him to conduct at the office and not here at the house. Alana would make sure to avoid her father's offices until she was sure the business with Gus Attracelli was over.

She tossed her ruined chiffon dress and shoes into the trash, then stepped into a warm shower, letting the spray clam down her frazzled nerves.

Not again! Alana looked at the picture in the paper Sunday morning and wanted to scream. She didn't though. She sat very quietly next to her father on the patio. The picture had been taken the day before, right before she fell into the pool. She laid the newspaper down on the table, afraid her father would notice her shaking hands and comment on the fact.

Who had taken the picture, she asked herself. She couldn't think of a single staff member who would be this disloyal. The only explanation was that one of the catering staff or another guest had snapped the shot during the cleanup yesterday afternoon. It was taken from a distance so her features were a little grainy. But it was easy to make out the participants in the episode.

Alana picked up the paper and studied the angle of the photo. She wanted to figure out who could have possibly taken it and where they had been standing. Unfortunately, it looked like it was taken from the driveway so it would be impossible to find out any information on who took it from that vantage point. Anyone could have been up on the driveway after the party.

Sighing deeply, she laid the newspaper on the table and took a careful sip of the hot coffee that had just been served to her. She ignored the fruit in front of her. Alana didn't think she'd be able to eat anything since her stomach was in knots because of her frustration.

"Didn't you go to ATI and ask for help with funds for the kids?" her father asked.

Alana nodded, still trying to keep in control of her temper. "Yes. I met with the president a few weeks ago."

"How did that go?"

Alana thought back to that meeting. She remembered that man in the conference room and a half smile formed on her face. . She'd actually forgotten about how fascinated she'd been with that man. It had been Gus, obviously. She'd know his deep voice and broad shoulders anywhere now. She shrugged daintily in response to her father's question. "I don't know. I haven't heard from him. I guess not well."

"I think Elaine mentioned that Gus stopped by the orphanage and looked around. In fact, she's the one that told me I needed to meet with him last week."

Alana's eyes snapped up to meet her father's. "Elaine? The orphanage director?"

"The one and the same," he confirmed, nodding his head but he didn't bother to look up from his newspaper.

Alana's mind reeled at that idea of Gus going through the building. She'd been with the kids a lot last week. Had she been there when he was touring the facility? "When did he come by?"

"I'm not positive. Last Wednesday, I believe. At least that's when I got the call from Elaine. I was under the impression that he was there at the time of her call. That Elaine can be quite a dictator," he said, chuckling at how he had jumped to contact Gus Attracelli immediately upon receiving the call from the orphanage director.

Her father's cell phone rang and he quickly looked at the caller before answering it.

"Yes?" he asked the caller.

"No, I don't believe so," he said to the person on the other end of the line. "Yes, there's definitely something brewing but you'd have to understand the issue to know it." He hung up a moment later after saying, "I'll see you later then."

Ed Mason stood up and kissed his frozen daughter on the top of her blond head. "Don't worry so much, Alana. You should relax a little more. Why don't you go out with Gus and just get to know him? I think he's an interesting man. You might be surprised by him."

Alana smiled stiffly at her father but didn't heed his suggestion. She sat at the table and stared at the bushes, noting that the chrysanthemums were about to bloom. They were extremely lovely this year. She wondered how the gardeners kept them standing so high, instead of them drooping off to the side. She'd taken a biology class one year that required a science project. She'd done a study on the fact that nature always produced in prime numbers and she'd grown different flowers, counting the number of petals as her example.

Alana shook her head at the silly memory. She didn't understand why she was noticing the flowers when her life was again ridiculed in the newspapers. How in the world was she going to get people to listen to her when her picture kept showing up in the gossip columns? She had to do something about this!

A few minutes later, she heard footsteps along the patio. She guessed that her father had forgotten something. She was startled when a deep voice came from behind.

"Did you see the picture?" Gus asked, standing behind her chair.

Alana whirled around, her eyes hungrily taking in Gus's form in jeans and a tee-shirt. She wished her eyes didn't stray to his muscular biceps but more, she wished she didn't know how strong they were and want to touch him again.

"What are you doing here?" she asked, her hand going to the top of her silk robe. She was only wearing a silk negligee underneath.

"I came to see if you were okay." Gus wasn't thrilled by his reception so far, but at least he hadn't been thrown out the door immediately.

"I'm fine. Why would anything be wrong?" she asked, instantly worried that he could read her mind.

"Because our picture found it's way into the newspaper again. You know it doesn't mean anything, right?" He wanted to reassure her but didn't understand why the pictures upset her so much so he couldn't address her concerns directly.

Alana forgot the fact that she was holding her negligee closed and stood up. "That's where you're wrong. It does mean something. My friends and acquaintances read those silly articles and believe them."

"Why?" he asked, confused.

"Because....because," she sputtered, raising her hands in the air, "just because that's what they do. They spend their time reading silly articles that aren't true. But they don't take the time to figure out what the truth is. They prefer the awful fantasy to the reality." She turned away to pace the patio area. "I'm trying to accomplish something important and people stop listening to what I'm saying and ask me about these silly rumors. It has to stop!"

"I can't keep people from taking pictures," he said and sat down at the glass topped table. He poured himself a cup of coffee and relaxed, thoroughly enjoying the view of Alana clad only in a silk negligee. His mind was not on the conversation. He was too busy watching her lovely, sexy figure walk back and forth in front of him.

She turned back to face him, her eyes shooting bolts of lightening at him. "You can stop creating scenes for them to photograph," she said, exasperated with the man and the situation.

Gus smiled slightly before replying, "I hate to say this, for fear of your wrath, but you're participating in the recent photos. It wasn't just me."

She didn't want to hear that. She knew she'd participated but he didn't need to point that out. If he wasn't around, she'd never have lost control of the situation. Was he deliberately being obtuse? "You don't get it, do you?"

"I get it. I'm just not sure what you're getting," he said, but she didn't hear him.

She was still pacing around the patio, her hands clenching and unclenching in her frustration. "I'll figure something out. We need to come up with a story as to what we were actually doing in the picture."

Gus hid his smile behind the coffee cup. He liked the way she pushed her hand through her hair when she was frustrated. He really liked her hair. He'd always thought blonds were supposed to have thin hair. But Alana's was thick and full of body. It curled gently just above her shoulders, framing her heart-shaped face and enhancing her sparkling blue eyes. He hadn't had a chance to touch it yet since it had been piled up on top of her head on both occasions he'd gotten close enough. But soon, he promised himself. Soon, he'd touch her hair and find out if it was a soft and silky to the touch as it looked.

"Do you have any ideas?" she asked, biting her thumbnail delicately.

"I have several," Gus replied, his eyes roaming her neckline.

"What?" she asked, turning to face him.

Alana noticed his look and her face instantly turned red. "You're not thinking about a resolution to the picture, are you?" she demanded.

"Sure, I am," he countered. He sighed heavily as he stood up, putting his coffee cup onto the table. He walked over to where she was standing and looked down at her lovely, furious face. "Unfortunately, my resolution to that kiss probably isn't your resolution. What are we going to do about that?" he asked softly.

"Oh!" she said, and spun around on her heel. Alana rushed into the house, ignoring the masculine laughter that followed her.

Alana quickly entered the house and went directly to her room. She locked the door, feeling silly about that action but not willing to risk Gus walking into her room. She showered and changed into a suit, then reviewed her calendar for the day. She had to read the list twice before she could figure out what was actually written. She kept hearing his last words in her mind about how he had a different resolution to their kiss than she did. She knew what he'd meant, unfortunately. Now her mind was picturing the same thing, over and over again. She squeezed her eyes shut, trying to block the image, but that only made her imagination clearer.

Alana finished getting ready for her day. As soon as she was finished, she peeked her head out of her room, wondering if Gus was still in the house. That was one of the problems with walking away from someone in a huff. She didn't immediately kick him out so she didn't know where he was.

"Maria," she stopped the housekeeper who was carrying some towels up the stairs, "Did that man leave?" she asked.

Maria's eyes immediately started twinkling with her laughter. "Yes, he left. He has a great laugh."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, he left, but he was laughing the whole way out the door. He chuckled some of the way, but mostly all out laughing at whatever you'd said to him. Why did you run away from him like that? He seems to be very nice. And he obviously likes you," she said, nodding for emphasis.

Alana sighed. Even her household staff was assuming the wrong ideas. "I don't think he's very nice," she said and turned to hurry down the stairway.

Gus walked into the party and quickly scanned the room. He didn't want to talk to anyone. He was searching out one individual. He hadn't seen her all week but not for lack of trying. He'd been to so many functions in the hopes of running into her he was sick of parties and events. He'd even suffered through the opening night of the Opera earlier this week in his efforts to corner her for one more sparring match.

His eyes didn't see her immediately but he had a good sense that she was here. He didn't know how he knew it, but there was just a sixth sense that told him to keep his eyes peeled for her. He did another scan of the room, almost missing her since she was so much shorter than the group she was talking to. Once he found her, his shoulders relaxed and he moved to the side of the room so he could just enjoyed watching her for a while.

Alana was grace personified he thought. She moved from one group of guests to another without seeming to work the room. She mingled with the guests, laughing with them and making them feel comfortable. She seemed to have a knack for knowing when a conversation started to lag or when a guest started to feel left out. Whenever that happened, Alana arrived almost magically and regrouped people without them even knowing that she was doing it. She simply took the single person by the arm or engaged them in conversation herself, then pulled others into the discussion.

It was an art, he knew. He'd seen parties die quickly when the conversation wasn't lively or entertaining or if the guest mix was too awkward. Most people floundered in large group settings. It was the rare hostess who invited the right mix of people and made sure that everyone had a good time.

Alana was a born hostess. He guessed that her father owed much of his business success to parties just like this where the guests were treated like royalty and made to feel as if they were part of a larger family. From experience he knew that more deals were initiated, investigated and finalized in these kinds of settings than at any conference room or office in the world.

Gus watched as several men tried to corner her but she easily sidestepped their efforts. He was about to move in on one man who tried to hold her arm when she started to walk away. But Alana knew exactly how to handle even that situation. She smiled smoothly, took his hand in hers and listened to the man for a few minutes. Then, without him knowing what she was about to do, Alana pulled the man's hand through her arm and led him in the direction of another woman. Slowly, she got the two of them talking, then quietly slipped away.

It was all done with such finesse that no one was the wiser.

Except Gus who had been standing in a small group of people, listening to the conversation with only half an ear. She hadn't realized he'd shown up yet. He knew that as soon as she discovered his presence, her smooth, calm demeanor would slip away.

He rattled her. And he liked that reaction. He loved the way he could spark fire in her eyes.

Gus had never been attracted to blonds before. He'd always thought they were too cool and detached. Watching Alana tonight, he might have concluded the same thing about her. She definitely had sophistication in spades. But there was something that sparked between the two of them each time they got close.

He could also make her laugh. That fact warmed him as well. It gave him hope despite her constant rejection each time he came closer. He suspected that she didn't laugh very often.

Gus had been standing in the same place for almost a half hour watching her mingle with her guests before he caught her eye. He was instantly concerned when he saw the fatigue on her face, the dark smudges under her eyes. She was exhausted and, he suspected, bored out of her mind.

He knew she recognized him despite the dim lighting because she stumbled over a plant. Gus chuckled at the way he could frazzle her so quickly.

Unfortunately, now that she'd spotted him, she was heading in the opposite direction. Gus hadn't anticipated that. He had thought that the minute she'd seen him, she'd come over and start snapping at him.

She moved over to where her father was standing as he smoked a cigar with two other men. She whispered in his ear and Ed's eyes searched the room, obviously looking for Gus. When he spotted him, Gus raised his glass in salute. Ed smiled and returned the greeting, pushing himself away from the railing to walk over to where Gus was standing.

"How are you doing, Gus?" Ed said, putting his cigar between his teeth so he could shake Gus's hand without giving up his bourbon.

"Great, and you?" Gus asked.

"Fine, fine. Although I'm guessing my daughter is about to lynch me for inviting you tonight. She wasn't expecting you. I wonder why?"

Gus chuckled. "She likes me," he explained.

Ed laughed and shook his head. "I think she does. And she'll eventually admit it once she gets over hating you."

Gus threw back his had and laughed, patting the older man on his shoulder. "Any advice on getting through her barricades?"

"My boy, you don't need any advice in that area. You seem to be the only one that has been able to do that. And I've seen a lot of men try. So just keep on with your current strategy and she'll eventually come around."

Gus shook his head, surprised at the man's comments. Ed immediately suggested that they play golf the following weekend at his country club and Gus took him up on the offer, hoping he'd have an excuse to get more negotiations done on the Los Angeles property Ed owned.

She was dancing with Steve Renolds, a nice stock broker who was going into details on how she should invest her money to get the best return. She was only half listening, wondering how she could escape and find a quiet place to be alone when her hand was taken off Steve's shoulder.

The next thing she knew, she was standing in Gus's arms and he was twirling her around the dance floor. Alana's pulse doubled as she inhaled his spicy aftershave and looked into his laughing eyes. "Excuse me?" she said, becoming indignant at his arrogance in interrupting her dance with another partner. "Steve and I were having a conversation."

Gus laughed, shaking his head. "No, Steve was talking and you were bored to tears. Admit it you have no idea what he was saying," Gus said, spinning her to the right and pulling her closer.

"He was telling me about a stock," she said, coming up with a logical assumption since Steve was always talking about a stock.

Gus shook his head. "You just proved my point. He was telling you the formula for calculating compound interest."

Alana looked confused. "He was?" she asked, then gasped at his knowing look.

She couldn't help but laugh at his smug expression. "He was not," she confirmed.

"Since you don't know, I feel justified in saving you from his monotonous monologue on the best way to get into the market," Gus said, then walked off the dance floor, taking her with him.

"Where are you taking me?" she asked, following behind him reluctantly, trying not to make too big of a scene. She didn't want to find her picture in the newspaper again tomorrow morning. Her friends were not believing her when she denied their relationship anymore.

A striking woman with flaming red hair stepped directly in their path. "Gus, you naughty boy. You haven't called me in months."

Gus looked down at the red, pouting lips of Jessica Parker. They had dated a few times but nothing seriously. "How are you, Jessica?" he asked, bending down to kiss her on her cheek.

"I'd be wonderful if you'd take me away from this boring party and buy me a drink, somewhere more quiet."

"I don't think that would..." Gus started to say.

"Like my place," she suggested before Gus could finish his rejection of her idea.

Alana stepped in front of the brassy redhead, ignoring the jealousy that ripped through her stomach. Alana told herself that she was furious only because this offensive woman had insulted her party. "Jessica Parker, how are you doing? I haven't seen you since high school," Alana said and took both of Jessica's hands in hers.

Gus wanted to laugh at the way Alana had gotten the red head to stop touching him but didn't dare. He was too grateful.

"Alana?" Jessica was saying. "I saw your father, but I hadn't seen you come in. It's so nice to see you. Yes, it has been a long time," she agreed, air kissing Alana's right and then left cheek. "What a fabulous dress!" Jessica said about Alana's simple black satin cocktail dress that was conservative, yet still sophisticated.

"Well you still have your daring way with fashion," Alana was saying, holding out Jessica's hands so she could view the tightly fitted, red dress that displayed all of Jessica's charms.

"I like to shock," Jessica replied, twirling for effect. "And I was dying to get this man to take me out of here," She turned back to Gus.

"You'll have to wait your turn," Alana said and grabbed another man who was on his way to the bar. "Gus is trying to swindle my father so give him a few minutes and he'll be all yours. In the meantime, here's Jason Alexander. I don't think the two of you have met."

"Good evening, Jason," Jessica said politely but wasn't immediately interested in relinquishing Gus as her primary target.

"Jason," Alana was saying, "could you get Jessica a drink? She looks like she's almost finished with her current glass of champagne."

The two walked away slowly. Jason must have said something to spark the red head's interest because a moment after they'd walked away, Jessica became intensely interested in the other man.

Once Jessica's arms were off of Gus, Alana started to move away, her mission accomplished. "If you'll excuse me?" she said and took one step towards the opposite end of the room.

"Hold on there, lovely lady," Gus said and wrapped his free hand around her waist and smoothly spun her so that her back was against the wall, his broad shoulders shielding her from the curious eyes of the rest of the guests. "What was that all about?" he asked, his dark blue eyes looking down into her crystal blue ones.

"I'm not sure what you are talking about," she said and looked to the side, unable to return his stare.

He laughed softly. "I'm talking about the fact that you didn't like Jessica Parker draping herself all over me. But once you'd gotten rid of that female companionship, you tried to desert me as well. Not going to happen, Alana," he said, shaking his head for emphasis.

"If you need constant female companionship, then I'll provide it for you," she said as non-challantly as possible. "I sensed that you weren't desirous of Ms Parker's attentions and I resolved the situation."

Gus growled at her response, not liking her evasiveness. "You were right. I don't want Jessica's attentions. I want yours. What are you going to do about that?"

"Nothing. I need to get back to my father's guests."

"No you don't," he shook his head. "The party is running itself. You're a very good hostess."

Alana flushed at his compliment. "Thank you," she said softly, off kilter again. How could he do that so easily? Usually, she was immune to the compliments of the guests. But a simple word from him made her heart skip a beat and her stomach fill with butterflies.

"How did you learn it so well?"

"Lot's of practice," she laughed. "My father socializes quite a bit."

"It would seem so. And have you always been his hostess? What happened to your mother?"

"She died when I was in high school," Alana explained, a soft smile coming to her lips. "She always threw the best parties," she said, thinking back to some happy memories.

"Your mother would be proud," Gus said, feeling honored that she'd shared something of her past with him.

"Yes, well, thank you," she said, embarrassed now. "Gus I really don't think this is a good idea," she stammered out.

"What? Talking?" he smiled. "You've spoken to every single person in this room. What makes me such a leper?"

She laughed at the way he'd phrased his question. "You're not a leper. But any time we're together, our picture seems to end up in the gossip columns. And that's bad for some things I'm trying to accomplish."

"You've mentioned that before. What are you trying to accomplish that being seen with me hinders?"

How could she explain to someone as dynamic as Gus Attracelli that her whole system of obtaining funds for her kids was through her reputation in society? People wouldn't listen to her talk about the kids and their needs if they couldn't take her seriously. They wanted to hear the latest about her relationship with Gus. It was getting in the way and she needed it to stop.

"It isn't the issue of being seen with you," she clarified without revealing her cause. "It is the way we keep getting published that is the problem. I want to get some things done for some needy kids and no one wants to discuss that anymore."

"Why?"

Taking a deep breath, she stared straight at his chin. "It's just a project I'm working on and this..." she waived her hands between them, "is getting in the way."

"What's the project?"

"It is personal."

"Ah! Another mystery to solve." He moved closer to her. "I love mysteries. Did you know that?"

"What are you talking about?" she asked, worried that he would interfere.

"Just noting another wall, another mystery. You surround yourself with them, you know."

"I don't."

"Yes, you do."

"I don't agree."

He smiled at her challenge. Not many people had the courage to do that with him. It was just another facet of her personality that he liked. "Well, I'm the observer and it's my opinion. So what time does this shin-dig end so I can take you away from here and delve into this more deeply?"

Alana shook her head. "It won't be over for a while," she claimed then stood up straighter when she saw her father approach the two of them. She smothered a yawn just as her father was only a foot away from the two of them. "Please be nice, my father is here."

Gus pulled his arm away from the wall and put on a polite expression for her father.

"Listen Gus," Ed said as soon as he reached the two of them, "Alana has been here since about four o'clock this afternoon. She really needs to get out and have a little fun. Why don't you take her out and do something with her?"

Gus smiled broadly. "I'd be happy to," he said and wrapped his arm around her waist.

"No father. I don't mind at all," she was saying. But Gus was already leading her towards the doors anyway.

"Gus please, I don't want to leave with you," she whispered when they were away from the other guests.

"How about if we just relax while watching a movie or something? You look tired. I promise to have you in bed by midnight." His smile was charming but his words made her stomach clench in anticipation.

"Whose bed?" she asked suspiciously. She really did want to leave here. The smoke was getting to her and the dim lights were giving her a headache.

"Whichever is more convenient at the time," he joked, then pulled her along when she started to dig in her heels. "I'm just kidding," he laughed. "Come on. I promise to be the perfect gentleman."

Despite Gus's determined expression, it still took them fifteen minutes to reach the exit. Many people wanted to stop them and comment on one subject or another, many people complimenting Alana on the party or on her taste in men when they saw her walking with Gus. Alana had to grit her teeth through those comments which generated more laughter from Gus.

Alana allowed herself to be pulled along to the exit, but as soon as they were out in the fresh, September air, she broke free of his gentle hold and took several steps away from him. "I really don't need a babysitter tonight," she said.

Gus wouldn't let her run away. He grabbed her by the waist and hauled her back up against his side, enjoying the way her hands instantly held onto him, her fingers touching his chest despite her best efforts to hold them still. "I know you don't. But I do. So just trust me?"

"No," she whispered, but her eyes were on his mouth.

Gus smiled at her spirit. "Smart woman, but if you aren't going to trust me, how in the world are you going to get home?" he asked, his voice low and husky. Her fingers were splayed across his chest and they moved to the center of his tuxedo shirt, playing with the buttons and driving him to distraction. He had to concentrate hard to remember what he was saying to her. "I'm betting you arrived with your father this afternoon so you don't have a car here, do you?."

"I'll call a cab."

He shook his head, denying her an escape. "No deal. Why don't you just allow me to treat you to something a lot more fun than this party, no offense at your efforts, and then I'll take you directly home."

Alana eyed him suspiciously. "What did you have in mind?" Her mind was telling her to run the other way as fast as she could. But the butterflies in her stomach wouldn't let her move, wanting to stay right where she was in his arms.

He shook his head. "Nope, you'll have to trust me."

"I don't trust you," she said but his charm and his dimples were her undoing. "But I guess I don't have a choice since I don't want to wait twenty minutes for a cab and freeze out here in the cold air. The only other option is to go back inside and I don't like that any better. Too many people I don't want to talk to anymore." She looked up into his dark eyes. "I'll just have to throw myself onto your word that you will maintain your manners and act as any gentleman would."

He held up his free hand and chuckled. "I'll do my momma proud," he promised.

She stood there for another moment, questioning her lack of judgment. But finally she relented. "Fine." She told herself she was just curious about where he would take her. She imagined some sports bar with smoke filling the air and dark paneling everywhere. Or maybe a pool hall. She wasn't sure with Gus. But she suspected that it wouldn't be her cup of tea.

He immediately grabbed her hand and pulled her along behind him. "Great. You won't regret it. And just as a matter of point, feel free to throw yourself on me at any time."

Alana tried to ignore his last comment but the image her mind created made her blush. Thankfully it was dark and Gus couldn't see her reddened cheeks. She knew he'd question her reaction.

He helped her into a dark blue jaguar, then came around to the driver's side and got in beside her. He drove for only about ten minutes to an area of Washington, D.C. Alana didn't know very well. It was on the outskirts of Georgetown, the old suburbs of Washington, D.C. that were now the home of many upscale businesses and wealthy families.

Of all the places she could have imagined Gus to take her to, the store he stopped at was not one of them. It was a pink and white striped ice cream shop with pink chairs and white counters. The shop served over fifty flavors of ice cream with just about any topping a person could imagine.

She stopped in front of the ice cream shop and stared at the pink and white striped awnings. "Ice cream? You're taking me out for ice cream?" she asked, laughing as he took her hand and pulled her through the doorway.

"Sure, what did you expect?" he asked and stopped to look down at her smiling eyes.

"I'm never sure where you're concerned," was all she would say.

He grinned wickedly. "Keep you on your toes, don't I?" he said and guided her over to the counter. Thankfully, there wasn't a line and they could look at all the flavors and decide what looked good at their leisure.

A few other patrons glanced at them when they walked in and Alana felt vaguely out of place in her cocktail dress. But Gus just loosened his tuxedo tie and unbuttoned the top button of his shirt as he entered, ignoring the stares of the others as he made his way to the ice cream flavors.

It wasn't crowded at this time of night. It was only nine o'clock so the families with young children had already come and gone, putting their children to bed. The young adults who were coming out of the bars were still to come. Alana and Gus were in mid rush, in a way.

Gus walked right up to the counter and smiled at the server who asked him what kind of ice cream he wanted. "I'll have a scoop of rocky road, another of pistachio with hot fudge, walnuts, whip cream and chocolate sprinkles he said, giving his order to the teenager behind the counter.

He turned to Alana, waiting for her order.

"I'll just have a scoop of vanilla," she said primly.

Gus's mouth dropped open. "No way!"

"What?" she asked, wondering why he was so shocked.

Gus waived his arms at the ice cream cases. "There are over fifty flavors to choose from and you want vanilla?"

"I like vanilla."

"Why?"

"Well, it's predictable. I know I'll like it. What do you have against vanilla?"

"Wouldn't you like to try something a little more racy? Maybe chocolate?"

Alana wrinkled her nose. "I don't like chocolate. Too rich."

"How about a daring strawberry? Or you could really go crazy and try something like bubble gum or wildebeest cherry."

"Uh! That sounds awful," she said, raising her hand to stop his suggestions. "No, I'll stick with vanilla."

Rolling his eyes, he shook his head, saying, "Yeah, you don't want to risk liking something else, do you? It might be too much for your peace of mind."

Alana sighed, trying not to laugh at his argument but her stomach was doing flip flops because of his dimple. "Listen, I like the predictable. I like knowing that I'll like my selection. Vanilla is fine."

Gus sighed in defeat. "Fine. But throw on some raspberry sauce, some whip cream and definitely add a cherry," he told the teenager who was smiling in response to their debate over ice cream flavors. "Everyone needs a little pizzazz with their ice cream," he explained to Alana.

He paid for the ice cream, leaving a five dollar tip for the appreciative clerk. They took their ice cream over to a table set up by the window so they could watch the people strolling by on the street.

At first Alana was horrified by her ice cream. She considered the vanilla tarnished with the raspberry sauce. But when she tasted the exquisite, homemade sauce, she had to admit that it was worth it. The tart raspberry sauce complimented the rich, creamy flavor of the vanilla ice cream perfectly. Alana even saved her maraschino cherry for last, loving the burst of sweetness when she bit into it. She hadn't had a maraschino cherry in a long time. Years, she thought. It brought back some wonderful childhood memories.

"I'm guessing by the look of satisfaction on your face that I might have redeemed myself in your eyes?"

She daintily put the sticky maraschino stem onto a napkin. "Perhaps slightly," she said.

"And now that you've admitted that I was right about the raspberry sauce, maybe there are a few other things you might chance liking? Me possibly?"

Alana laughed at his hopeful expression. "Gus, please tell me you're not using ice cream as a parallel for life."

"Why not?" he chuckled back. "There's all sorts of ice creams from the daring and super sweet frozen treats kids love to the extra rich but passionless vanilla flavors and then there's the heed no warnings rocky road lovers. What better life analogy could you ask for?"

"Are you saying I'm passionless because I prefer vanilla?"

"Absolutely not," he smiled. "I know from experience that you are filled with passion. I'm saying you stick with vanilla because you don't know that all the others can be just as satisfying. More so in many cases," he said, loving the way she blushed at any reference to sex.

"You're saying I'm scared then?"

"I'm saying you're playing it safe," he countered.

"And you're the antidote for my cautiousness?"

"Yep."

Alana laughed. She couldn't help it. The look on his face was too serious but the mischief in his eyes was also apparent. "You're incorrigible."

"Right again," he said, his smile showing off his charming dimples again. "Care to test my theory?"

She shook her head. "Sorry, you're too rich for my taste."

"You're just stuck on the external. You should try to get beneath the layers. I guarantee I can be just as boring as the next guy, for the right woman."

Alana laughed uncontrollably. "You're an awful flirt, Gus Attracelli. I've never had a come on disguised by ice cream flavors before but I'll admit it was a different approach."

Gus couldn't keep his hands off her when she was this comfortable and laughed like that. He grabbed her hand and pulled her out of her chair. "Come on, let's walk. Since you're not going to take me up on my offer to tempt you, let me get you home before my gentlemanly manners are all used up. You're too beautiful when you laugh and relax for me to not make a pass at you soon. You need to be locked up inside your home before that happens."

She quickly stood up and allowed him to guide her out the door and back to his car. She felt safe for some reason despite his admission that a pass might be imminent. He was true to his word. He drove her home and walked her right up to the door. He stood several feet away as she unlocked the door.

She stood in the open doorway and turned back to face him. "Good night, Gus. And thank you for the ice cream."

"Come out with me tomorrow night."

She looked at his face in the dim light. "I don't think that would be a good idea."

"Why not?"

"Won't we be tempting fate and your control?"

He nodded as he contemplated her statement. "It's always a risk. But you took one tonight and it was a good one, right?"

"Correct, but I don't think it would be good to challenge the gods."

"The gods need to be ruffled a little every now and then. Come out with me and see if we can shuffle them around."

"No thank you," she said, smothering a laugh at his ridiculous statement.

"Chicken," he said.

"Cautious," she countered.

"You know this isn't over, don't you?" he said softly.

Alana shook her head. "Gus, it has to be. We both have our own lives to live, our own goals to achieve."

"I think we could be good together and I'm not going to let it end like this."

Alana smiled sadly, knowing that she would double her efforts to avoid him. He was dangerous to her heart now, instead of just her body and peace of mind. "Goodbye, Gus."

She let herself into the house, not looking back this time. She didn't want to see his face again. She just wanted to get back to her mission to help the kids and avoid messy, romantic conflicts. Once was too painful. She couldn't imagine going through that again with someone like Gus. Brian was bad enough.

Alana gripped the table, sure she was going to lose her temper at any moment. "How could she have found me?" Alana asked, looking at the picture in the gossip columns. The black and white photograph was taken from outside the ice cream parlor the previous night. In the picture, Alana was smiling at something Gus was saying and the whole scene appeared to be very romantic.

"Is our ice princess, Alana Mason, melting in the charms of our most eligible bachelor, Gus Attracelli? Third time's the charm!" the caption read.

"Third time's the charm for what?" Alana demanded but her father just shrugged his shoulders and kept reading, knowing that if he looked up, she'd become more furious with the amused look he was sure was in his eyes.

"We were eating ice cream, for goodness sake!"

"Yes dear. It looks very innocent," he said, turning the page of the business section. He knew better than to disagree with her during this conversation.

"Uh!" she said and walked back inside the house, ignoring her cup of coffee.

For the next two weeks, Alana rushed from one appointment to the next, ignoring all comments and questions relating to her relationship with Gus. Anyone who dared to even ask, was given a cold shoulder and the site of Alana walking the other way.

If she saw him at an event, she quickly made her way to the exit and disappeared. She even canceled plans if she knew Gus was going to be at any event. It wasn't until people started to talk about her avoidance that she realized that she was being silly. Gus hadn't tried to call, he never even got close to her or indicated that he wanted to. She realized she was acting like a silly high school girl and she knew it had to stop.

By the following Saturday night, she dressed in a simple white gown that fell elegantly from her neck to her toes, with her shoulders bare. She wore a triple strand, pearl choker around her neck and unadorned pearls in her ears. Alana knew she looked good but didn't care. She was going to talk to Gus, smile carefully but non-committally to him and show the world, or at least her world, that she was not affected by the man as much as they all assumed she was.

The gala was in full swing when she and her father arrived. Ed was immediately called over by a business associate as soon as he walked in. Alana could have gone with him, but she wanted to accomplish her mission for the evening and get it out of the way so she could do some business of her own.

She scanned the crowd, not even sure if Gus would be attending. She knew he'd been invited but he might have decided against showing up at the last minute. It was a common occurrence, especially when there were several other events he might have gone to for the night.

Alana was just about to give up on finding him tonight when she turned to the right and there he was. And he was already staring at her. He raised his drink in salute to her.

Alana took a deep breath and pasted a smile on her face. She ignored the fact that he looked extremely handsome in his tuxedo. He was half a head taller than everyone else around him. His hair was almost black and she could tell, even from this distance, that his dark blue eyes were stormy.

She was stopped by several friends who wanted to know why she kept disappearing over the past two weeks, their winks and knowing smiles irritating her but she kept her answers non-comittal and her temper in check.

As soon as she reached his side, he immediately put an arm around her waist. The gesture was in a sense both comforting but also infuriating. She liked the way he instantly included her in his conversation, even turning to ask her opinion on the political discussion at hand. She felt respected and included which was a nice feeling. But she didn't like the way one or two of the people in the group raised an eyebrow at the intimate, and seemingly automatic, gesture. Gus acted like the two of them were a couple, and had been for a long time.

At the first opening in the conversation, she smiled up at him. "Could I have a private word with you?" she asked sweetly.

"Sure," he said, returning the smile as he looked down at her. "Excuse me, gentlemen," he said immediately and led her away from the group.

Unfortunately, he led her over to the buffet table where he handed her a plate. "Gus, I really need to talk to you," she said.

"I know, but I'm starving. I've been either in meetings or on a plane for the past twelve hours. I've had nothing decent to eat so humor me a little and grab enough for me to eat without looking rude,' he said and piled roast beef onto her plate.

He loaded his with lobster and salad, several other strange but exotic looking foods, then added more to hers. Once he was satisfied with their plates, he led her to a relatively deserted area of the ballroom that had tables. He pulled out a chair and handed her a napkin filled with silverware.

"Okay, shoot. What's on your mind?" he said and stabbed a chunk of lobster.

Now that the moment was upon her, she wasn't quite sure what she was going to say. The whole point was to show the world that she wasn't avoiding him anymore, that they were not a couple and hopefully end the gossip swirling around anything they did.

It sounded silly to her now. What should she say? That she wanted to prove to the world they weren't a couple? It would be difficult when he kept treating her as if she were already married to him.

She swallowed the lump that formed in her throat at that idea. She didn't want to consider that option so she dismissed it immediately.

She took a bite of the roast beef and tried to come up with a topic that didn't sound ridiculous.

She watched him eat and he appeared very hungry. "Why haven't you eaten anything for so long?" she asked, avoiding the awkward discussion she needed to have with him in favor of something more benign.

"I've been in back to back meetings," he explained. "I'm in charge of security for all the ATI buildings and there are problems with the holidays coming up. I was meeting with several companies who have some interesting solutions but none of them solves all of our problems."

"But it's only October. The holidays aren't for six more weeks."

"Right, but we've got to get the precautions in place before then." He winked at her as he went on, "All the security in the world won't do any good after the fact."

Alana blinked, not realizing how much responsibility this man actually had. "How do you go about managing security for all the buildings? Don't you have dozens of offices?"

"More like hundreds," he corrected. "And to answer your question about how, we walk through each site, evaluate the security already in place, and make sure there aren't any leaks that would allow bad people to do something bad," he said, taking a bite of roast beef from her plate. "If there are leaks, we plug them up. Have you eaten tonight?" he asked, watching her nibble at the plate in front of her.

"No," she said and looked up, surprised. "I guess I haven't eaten."

Michael had to laugh. "Why is that surprising to you?"

Alana shrugged her shoulders delicately. "I just don't think about it, I guess."

"You don't think about eating? That seems strange."

"Not really. I just forget to eat," she explained. "It's how I keep my girlish figure," she joked.

His eyes traveled over her figure. "So you don't try to stay so thin?"

She glanced up at him and laughed. "Not really."

"I thought all women watched their weight. Why don't you?"

She shrugged gracefully. "No time, I suppose."

His eyes showed his admiration for her response. "That's refreshing."

That caught her off guard. "How so?"

"It's just nice to hear that there are some women out there who don't agonize over their figure."

Alana rolled her eyes and took a bite of Michael's lobster. "I don't like watching my figure."

"Good. Leave that to me," he said and downed his champagne. Once he was done, he sat back and watched her. "Don't get me wrong. I'm enjoying your company. It's the first time you've actually sought me out. Usually, I'm the one chasing you around the room. Dare I assume that you're just here enjoying my company as well? Or did you want to talk to me about something in particular?"

His words reminded her of her mission for the evening and she instantly lost her appetite. She pushed the plate back, and turned to face him, wondering again how she was going to say what she needed to say.

"Let me guess. You're here to tell me you've missed me for the past two weeks and you want me to sweep you off your feet and carry you to my bed to make love to you," he only half joked. He leaned forward and dropped his voice before he continued, "I'm more than willing. You look beautiful tonight, by the way."

Alana coughed, choking on the roast beef she'd just swallowed.

Once she'd caught her breath, she turned to him, wiping the wetness from her eyes. "No, that's not exactly what I had in mind."

He sighed deeply. "I didn't think you'd made that much progress over the past two weeks. Well, a man can hope, can't he?"

She had to look away. Instead of his face with his charming grin and heart stopping expressions, she looked at a plant across the room. "I think it is time we put an end to this...this..." she floundered.

"I agree," he said, and put his fork down.

"You do?" Alana ignored the painful stab of disappointment she felt at his agreement.

"Of course I do. You've been avoiding me for almost two weeks and for what purpose? You want me, I want you, let's just leave here. Come to my place and let me make love to you. I'll show you how perfect we could be together."

Alana stared at him, her mouth open slightly as she listened to him. Taking a deep breath, she looked away from his intense gaze. "That wasn't exactly what I had in mind."

Gus was silent for a moment while he stared at her. Then he suddenly stood up and grabbed her hand. "Come on, I think we should dance," he said and led her onto the dance floor.

Their bodies immediately fell into step with each other. Alana's hand went up to rest on his shoulder, her other rested in the palm of his large hand, holding her shivering fingers in his warm ones. She stared at his shirt front, wishing she could step away from him. But she loved dancing with him. It was as if her body was magnetized towards his and it craved any touch he was able to give to hers.

"Okay, now finish what you want to say," he whispered, bending down so he was near her ear.

Alana shivered, her body moving closer, wanting to smell his aftershave lotion. "Um...well," she started.

"How about if I finish it for you?"

Alana's worried eyes looked up at his. He was angry but she didn't know why. And then he told her.

"What I think you are trying to say is that you think it would be better if we just ignored each other and the feelings we stir within each other's senses. You want us to be friends, correct?"

"That would be nice," she said, but was looking to the side instead of into his eyes.

"Nice. Is that what you want from life? For everything to be nice? Can't seem to step away from the vanilla ice cream, can you?"

She tried pulling her hands out of his but he held her firmly. "I have goals and things I want to do. This...this, whatever you want to call what is going on between us, is getting in the way." She wanted to run away from him and the things he made her feel but he was relentless. She never should have started dancing with him, she thought. He always made her mind turn to mush when he touched her.

"It's called attraction, Alana. And you don't know what it is because you've never experienced it before. But let me tell you, it only comes along once in a while and if you find it in someone you're intellectually attracted to as well, which we both are, then you should grab it and hold onto it. But for some reason you won't reveal to me, you want us to ignore this amazing thing that is happening to us."

Alana's whole body was shaking now.

"Why are you afraid to give in to what's happening between us, Alana?"

"Nothing is happening except you are ignoring my need to remain free of entanglements," she snapped, losing her temper finally.

"Entanglement? Is that how you see this between us?"

"It is nothing more than an irritation!"

"Ah," he said and swung her around, then grabbed her hand, leading her off the dance floor.

He pulled her along in his wake until they were in a deserted hallway behind the main ballroom. "If this is just an irritation, explain why you can't stop kissing me," he said and his mouth swooped down to capture hers in a punishing kiss.

Alana put her hands on his shoulders, pushing him away from her, but his hand held her head and his mouth ground into hers, his tongue demanding entry. Tears were coming hard now but he paid them no attention. He was furious that she wouldn't acknowledge their mutual attraction and just wanted to sweep these feelings under the rug.

It wasn't until he felt her hands on his cheeks that he slowed down. Her touch changed the tone of the kiss. It turned from punishing to persuasive instantly. His lips gentled and that was Alana's undoing. Her arms stopped pushing at his shoulders and started pulling him closer. Her mouth softened and her lips opened, welcoming the mating of his tongue, the velvety smoothness increasing in tempo as soon as she responded.

Gus's hands held onto Alana's waist, one hand sliding to the small of her back and he leaned over her, demanding more and receiving the instant his mouth asked.

"We've got to get out of here, Alana. Come to my place," he groaned into her mouth.

His words were like a bucket of cold water over her desire. He wanted her to come to his place? That meant...No!

She gasped and stumbled backwards, balancing herself on the wall as she inhaled deeply, trying to catch her breath. "No!" she said again, just to make sure she'd said it aloud.

Gus watched her shocked face and shook his head. "Alana! Why do you continue to fight this? Every time we're close to each other we have the same effect. Why are you fighting it?" His hands touched her arms, moving down each of them to capture her hands in his. "Why don't we just explore it and see where it might lead?" he added, coaxing her to give into the feelings they stirred in each other.

"No!" she said again. His words were too painful to hear and she lashed out, her hand coming up to sting his face. The instant she heard the slap and the sting in her palm from the contact, she regretted her actions. She didn't condone violence but she had degraded herself to that level.

She didn't even see the flash of the bulbs in her fury but Gus did and he whipped around to confront the photographer. But it was too late. The man was already running down the hallway in the opposite direction, turning the corner and disappearing into the crowd of glamorously dressed people.

Alana stood with one hand covering her mouth, the other covering her stomach. She suddenly felt ill. "Please tell me our photograph was not taken again!" she asked, her voice quivering with the humiliation of both her violence and the fact that it had been caught on camera.

"It appears that way," he said grimly, his hand coming up to touch the cheek she'd just slapped. "We need to talk, away from here."

"No!" she said again and this time she ran. Alana ran down the hallway, her feet carrying her to an unknown place, just so long as she wasn't facing this enigmatic man that made her feel things that didn't make sense and didn't belong in her previously peaceful and well ordered life.

Alana had learned the hard way not to trust men and definitely not to trust herself. Once burned twice shy for some people. Once burned, twice petrified was her motto. So these feelings were terrifying to her sense of who she was and what she wanted to accomplish.

A moment later, she found herself in the kitchens of the hotel and she slowed down to a walk, finally coming to a complete halt as she tried to figure out where she was supposed to go. Stopping a passing waiter, she asked for directions to the nearest exit and he pointed to the back of the kitchen. Alana slowly found her way to her car and drove aimlessly through the streets of Washington, D.C. wondering what she was going to do with this situation. She had no doubt she would find her picture in the headlines of the gossip columns again. What she didn't know was if she would see herself in an embrace or a fight, either of which was a bad thing. Very bad.

Gus ripped off his tie and threw his jacket over the sofa of his penthouse, frustrated with the slow progress he was making with Alana. He knew there was a way to get through to her, he just hadn't found it yet.

He had followed her for a few feet after she'd run away but then stopped himself. She was too angry at that point to listen to reason. Especially his reason. He'd decided to let her cool down and try and talk to her tomorrow. Maybe he could catch her at home in the morning and see if she'll listen to him then. The thought crossed his mind that he should just get there early enough so he could wake her up in her bed. Maybe if she was still drowsy with sleep, he could make her listen to him.

He smiled grimly at that idea. He knew that if he were near her, and a bed was close at hand, there wouldn't be much talking going on. He had plenty of other ways to explain to her that she should stop running from these feelings. And a bed was exactly the place to do it, he thought.

"Dammit," he said, his thoughts just frustrating him more. He walked over to the bar in the corner of the room intending to get something to ease the burning in the pit of his stomach he knew to be sexual frustration. He recognized it easily enough now. He'd been dealing with it almost constantly since the first night he'd seen Alana, and kissed her. He also knew that no other woman would satisfy his needs. He'd definitely contemplated that solution. But no matter what he did, all other woman seemed boring and, at the most, barely pretty since he'd met Alana. She did things to him, generated feelings with in him that no other woman seemed to be able to stir.

He was reaching for the brandy when the phone rang from the front desk. He wasn't expecting anyone but answered it anyway, wondering what reason the doorman could possibly have for calling at one in the morning.

"Yes," he snapped at Ralph, the night doorman.

"I'm sorry to disturb you sir, but there's a lady here who is asking to be sent up."

"I'm not expecting anyone tonight, Ralph. Send them away," Gus says and is about to hang up. "Wait," he calls at the last moment.

"Yes, sir?" Ralph comes back on a moment later.

"Who is it?"

"Ms. Alana Mason," he said through the phone.

Gus is stunned into silence for a long time. "I'll send her away, sir. I'm sorry to bother you."

"No!" Gus called out. "Send her up immediately." Gus hung up the phone, not really sure what to expect but thrilled that she was finally coming to him willingly. Well, possibly not willingly. Not after tonight. He was sure the press was going to plaster their picture all over the society columns tomorrow. Which was exactly what he'd been hoping for. It seems that embarrassing her was the only way he could get through to her. And he loved her reaction each time he caught her off guard. She was all fire and spit, he thought, chuckling as he remembered her earlier reaction to his kiss and the flash of the camera's that interrupted them in the hallway. He wouldn't have minded if the cameras had gone off a little later. He had really lost himself in that kiss.

But it was worth it if she was now showing up at his door.

The elevator dinged and a second later, the doors opened, revealing the stunning woman, draped in a white satin cape that covered her from her slim neck to her satin covered toes.

Gus sucked in his breath, partly hopeful that she had finally come to her senses and realized that they were on fire for each other and partly furious because she'd dared to enter his lair, knowing she was going to reject him yet again.

"What brings you out here in the middle of the night?" he asked, and poured two snifters of brandy. He picked one up and handed it to her.

She took the snifter and smelled the liquid, then in one shocking move, she threw back the fiery brew and handed the glass back to him.

"I've come to make you an offer," she said, no emotion coming through to her eyes or her face.

Gus shook his head as he glanced down at the empty snifter. "Okay. I'm all ears," he said and headed back to the bar. "Another shot?" he asked, raising on eyebrow while he held the open bottle of brandy.

"No, thank you," she said stiffly. "We have some business to work through and then I'll be on my way."

Gus didn't like the sound of that. "What's on your mind?" he asked and unbuttoned the top three buttons of his pleated shirt.

Alana watched his long, slim hands as they unbuttoned the shirt. Her mouth was suddenly dry as she watched his muscular chest peek through the white silk. She wondered yet again what he would look like without any clothes on. Was he really as muscular as he seemed in his business suits or was it all an excellent tailor's handiwork? It had to be his tailor. Men as powerful as Gus didn't have time to exercise. He was probably just as flabby as all the other men who showed up at her father's house to swim.

"I'd be happy to oblige your curiosity and take off all my clothes," Gus replied dryly, "but I'm betting that wasn't what you had in mind when you came over here. Although I've been accused of being a diehard optimist."

Alana's eyes snapped up to his and her porcelain cheeks immediately turned a soft pink. Dammit! She thought to herself as she quickly looked away from him. How was he able to read her mind so consistently? Or was she just that bad about hiding her feelings around him?

She cleared her throat and turned her back to him. "I have a deal to make with you."

"I'm listening," he said and took a seat on the brown sofa, spreading his arms out along the back.

Now that the moment was upon her, she wasn't quite sure how to start. She decided to just spit it out. "I need you to stop getting my name into the gossip columns. Instead of these..." she hesitated over the correct description, "indecent meetings, I'll see you as often as you'd like for a period of one month."

Gus's stomach muscles clenched. He was sure he was misunderstanding her. "I wouldn't describe that last kiss as indecent."

"Well I would!" she snapped, losing her composure despite her best efforts. "It's embarrassing, not only to see my face plastered in the newspapers, but also to have to deal with the questions when all my friends ask about the pictures. I hate it and it has to stop," she said, stomping her satin shod foot for emphasis.

Gus stood up and walked slowly towards her, noting the fire in her eyes. The emotionless face was gone now and he was glad.

"Why does that upset you so much?" he asked and moved closer to her. "Because you let yourself go?" he said, ten feet away from her. "Because you kissed me back?" he said, watching her eyes as he moved closer still. "Because if we hadn't been interrupted, you wouldn't have stopped us?" he whispered, only inches away from her. He watched her, loving the way her breath quickened whenever he came closer. He knew he should respect her boundaries, but unless he came close, she kept herself behind her normal facade that she presented to the rest of the world. When he got close to her, he was able to reaffirm that he affected her.

"No!" she gasped but she almost choked on the word, it was too difficult to talk when he said words like that.

"Yes," he countered. "What exactly are you proposing?" he asked quietly.

"I think we should see each other," she whispered, hating the way her voice dropped so low, wishing she could sound more confident around him and ignore these feelings.

"How?" he asked, stepping closer.

Alana took a deep breath, trying to focus. But instead of the air she needed, she breathed in his cologne and she became even more confused. She moved a few feet away from him.

"I don't know. But it would have to be private. I don't want anyone else to know."

"Why?"

Alana sighed. "Because I don't want anyone to know that we're seeing each other."

"Why?"

She turned angry eyes towards him. "Can't you just accept that I don't want that and leave it there?"

Gus took in her angry, frustrated features and relented, for now. "Okay. But what did you have in mind?

Alana squared her shoulders, relieved that he'd let the previous subject drop. "I'd give you free access to me for one month. After that time, you have to leave me alone."

Of all the things he'd expected, that wasn't one of them. And he didn't like what she was proposing at all. "So I have one month and then we're history?"

"Exactly."

"What would that access entail?" he growled out.

"Anything you'd like."

He put his hands on his hips and continued to stare down at her lovely, angry features. "This sounds interesting. I didn't know you were that cheap," he said, angry himself now. He didn't like her proposition. "How many other men have you sold yourself to? Do they get longer time periods? Or is my one month the longest you've committed yourself to?"

Alana's face paled. "What are you talking about?"

"I get free access, right?"

Alana sucked in her breath, finally understanding his meaning. "I didn't mean that!"

Gus shook his head. "I think you'd better explain exactly what you mean because I'm not getting it, doll."

Her fists were clenched at her sides, her frustration and anger barely under control. "I meant we can see each other, spend time with each other, get to know each other and then go our separate ways!"

Gus pushed his hands through his hair, immediately repentant for his assumption. "I'm sorry. I should have known you'd never offer your whole self into the bargain," he said sarcastically.

Alana wanted to scream. She stepped around him and walked over to the coffee table, then around it, needing to vent her anger at him with movement. "See! This is what drives me crazy! One minute, you're outraged because you think I'm selling my body to you in order to protect my reputation. The next, you're sarcastic because I'm not offering you enough. What do you want from me?"

Gus took the few steps that separated them from each other and grabbed her arms, gently holding her close to him as she tried to pull away. "I want it all," he said, his voice husky as he explained his needs. "I want you in my bed, every night, making love until the sun comes up, then begging for more."

"That's just sex!" she said, trying to break free from his grasp, but his grasp was deceptively gentle. He wouldn't let go of her arms and he towered over her as he continued. "I can't give that to you. It isn't worth it!"

"No! I said want it all. I want you to wake up in the morning with me, and shower with me and then eat breakfast with me. I want to conceive our children in a night of passion, then watch you grow fat and lazy with our children inside you. I want to be next to you when you feel them for the first time move within your womb and tremble in my arms with excitement. I want to be in the hospital with you when you give birth to those children and I want to laugh and cry as we watch them grow up, frustrated and happy at the same time."

His words were too beautiful. She couldn't take hearing them because it hurt too much. "No! That's all a fantasy."

He ignored her and continued, "And I want to see you're hair get gray, your beautiful skin age with lines, lines that appear because we've laughed together and loved one another so thoroughly we don't even notice the lines, and not because you're so worried about your damn reputation and your name appearing in a less than perfect light in the gossip columns."

"Stop it!" she cried, the tears spilling over her eye lashes and falling onto her cheeks.

"I want you to be so busy with loving life and loving me and our children that you don't even read the gossip columns ever again."

Alana pulled harder and was able to break free from his grasp but the tears were streaming down her face now. "No! It never comes true! You don't know what you're talking about. So either take what I have to offer or leave me alone!" she said yanking her arms from his grasp. She grabbed her coat, rushing blindly to the elevator. She could barely see where she was going but she knew she had to escape. She had to get away from this man and his fantasies. They were too wonderful.

She was almost to the elevator when his deep voice stopped her. "What time tomorrow?" he asked.

Alana stopped walking, not sure what he had said since she was crying so hard. She turned back to face him. "What did you say?"

"What time tomorrow? What time should I pick you up?"

She shook her head. "No. The deal's off."

Gus shook his head. "The deal's not off. You can't call it off. Because if you do, I'll just find a way to see you. And you'll get more press than you can handle." His voice was hard and determined.

Alana couldn't believe her ears. She looked into his eyes, trying to determine if he was serious. "That's blackmail."

Gus shook his head again. "No. That's just how much I want you. Now that I've had a taste, I want more."

"No," she said flatly and turned to leave again.

"Fine. I'll see you at the Bateman's ball then?"

Alana froze. The Batemans were big contributors to the orphanage. She was just about to get them to refurbish the girls' dormitory. With a little more nudging, Alana knew she could get them to fund quite a bit more.

Her shoulders sagged. "Please don't do this to me," she said, not bothering to turn back to face him.

"I cant' stop. If you won't see me within the normal channels of the world, then I'll have to find any way I can to see you."

Alana stood there for a long moment. Then she sighed. "Pick me up at ten. You decide what we'll do."

"Fine," Gus said.

Alana walked to the elevator and pressed the down button. Thankfully the doors opened immediately and she was back in the relative safety of the cab. She turned around to press the ground floor button and her eyes moved instinctively to Gus and her heartbeat accelerated.

He looked victorious. And that scared her even more.

Alana didn't know what Gus had planned for the day, so she dressed casually in brown slacks and a soft, cream sweater. She was a little wary about facing him after the previous night's scene at his place, but she knew he'd search her out if she even tried to hide from him.

When he arrived, he was wearing a pair of jeans and an old flannel shirt with a tee-shirt underneath. He didn't even mention the previous night when he saw her. But he immediately started shaking his head when he saw what she was wearing. "Not going to work. You'll need a pair of jeans and an old shirt for what I have planned today," he said. "Want some help changing?" he leered at her.

Despite her anger, Alana laughed. He really was incorrigible. "I think I can manage it on my own. What do you have planned?"

"Roller skating," he said and turned her gently around and pushed her towards the stairs.

"Are you kidding?"

"Have I ever kidded you?"

"Yes, constantly."

"Is that one of the problems?" Gus asked, instantly curious.

"No," she sighed. "I'll go change and will be back in five minute.

True to her word, she reappeared less than five minutes later in a pair of jeans and a long sleeve red shirt. Gus watched her walk downstairs in the jeans and groaned to himself. He hadn't realized how incredibly sexy she'd look in jeans and knew her figure was going to haunt his dreams again. But that was the norm now. Usually she was in evening dresses or a business suit. This image of her in jeans was really going to play with his mind.

They drove for about a half hour with Gus trying to get her to talk to him about her past. He had lain in bed the previous night wondering why she was so upset about their relationship and had come to the conclusion that something had happened to her a long time ago. Something that was so awful, at least in her mind, that she couldn't release it and learn to trust him.

Unfortunately, he didn't have any success in learning about her past. Each time he put out a question, she'd answer it with one of her own. He was open and honest with his answers, letting her know as much as she wanted to know about him and his family

Once they arrived at their destination, Alana was already shaking her head. "Gus, please tell me you didn't drag me out here to ride motorcycles."

He smiled and walked around his jaguar, opening the passenger side door and taking her hands, pulling her out of his car reluctantly. "You won't need to ride a motorcycle. They also rent ATVs which are much easier to ride."

She was laughing at his hopeful expression. "No way, Gus. I'm not driving one of those. I've heard about how dangerous they are."

"Only for teenagers that don't already have driving experience. You're not sixteen so it shouldn't be a problem."

She was laughing as he pulled her toward the rental office. "Gus, there's no way you're getting me on one of those."

"Want to bet?"

She looked away from his dimples and tried pulling her hands out of his. "No."

He looked around at the other people walking around the All Terrain Vehicle road park and smiled mischievously. "Well, we could stand here and make out. I'm fine with that," he said and pushed her playfully against his car, leaning down to kiss her.

Alana ducked easily under his arm and started walking towards the rental office. "I'll take option number one, but I'm not driving one of them. I'll ride behind you," she said emphatically.

"You're sure you don't want to ride on your own?" he said, his eyes not giving anything away.

Alana shook her head. "No thanks, I'll trust you, just so long as your hands are on the handle bars," she said.

"Sounds good to me," he said and went into the rental office to arrange for a bike for them to ride and helmets.

After a fifteen minute lesson, they were off. Alana held onto his shoulders, a helmet on her head and goggles over her eyes. She wasn't sure why they needed goggles, but was ready for just about anything.

"You're going to need to hold on tighter than that," Gus called back to her over the din of the other ATVs and motorcycles that were already speeding around the track.

"Why?" she asked, not wanting to touch him anymore than she absolutely needed to.

"You'll fall off the back," he explained.

"I'll be fine," she countered.

Gus shrugged his shoulders at her response. "Suit yourself," he said and tightened the strap on his helmet.

Gus gunned the engine and they were off. Alana almost fell off the back of the ATV at the first hill. She finally understood why he had warned her to hold on tighter. She didn't need to be told twice. By the time they'd crested the dirt mound, she had wrapped her arms around his waist and was holding on with all her might.

After several mounds, Alana was able to relax and enjoy the ride. She was getting the hang of it and didn't even mind the mud that seemed to be going everywhere, even on her face and hair that was sticking out from underneath her helmet. Within a half hour, she was encouraging him to drive faster, laughing excitedly as they charged up one hill and down another, racing against time or another rider.

Within a few hours, she was laughing so hard and begging for a break. She was starving and needed something to drink to ease the dusty feeling inside her mouth from all the dirt flying everywhere.

For lunch, he pulled out a picnic basket and blanket. He spread the basket out under a tree near the track and they feasted on cold, fried chicken, brie cheese, crusty bread and red wine. They laughed as they watched the other riders struggle through the course, some of them falling and others almost going airborne because of the speed they had as they jumped some of the mounds.

"Where did you learn to do this?" she asked, taking a bite out of the crisp, green apples he had packed.

"I used to sneak away from school with a friend and ride these things. I was about sixteen when I first tried it. I was pretty much hooked from the first ride. So was my friend."

"You're pretty good. Why don't you have your own?"

He smiled at the memory. "My parents would never let me get on these things. Like you said, they're dangerous."

Alana waited for him to continue but he just chuckled at whatever he was thinking. "Okay, obviously you know a little more about this. Confess," she said, laughing at his expression.

He hesitated for only a moment. "I was about seventeen when my father suspected something was up. He followed me one day when I was supposed to be heading to school and found out what I that I was skipping school. Apparently, he'd seen my report card that had a specific number of absences. But when he went for my parent teacher conference, the number wasn't the same."

"I'm impressed that he actually went to the parent teacher conferences. Most parents, mine included, just blew them off. You must not have been getting very good grades."

"No, you're father probably trusted you and when you got good grades, it was because you were in school doing what you were supposed to do." He laughed at her nod. "But my father didn't trust many of us."

"Probably for good reason."

"You're right," he said, chuckling at her perceptiveness. "With five boys and a daughter who tried to imitate her brothers, he learned a few tricks of his own. We all got very good grades, but he knew better. Anyway, he followed me one day and found out my little secret."

Alana was delighted with his story and wanted to hear more. "What was your punishment?"

"Not much," Michael said.

Alana didn't like the sound of that. "Why not? You were skipping school! I would have been grounded for a month."

"You don't know my brothers very well. After everything that my parents had to go through with my older brothers, and my younger ones, skipping school to go bike riding was a pretty minor offense."

"You're father's a softy," she declared, sitting back and taking a bite of the chicken he'd handed her.

Gus threw back his head and laughed. "He is probably rolling over in his grave with those words."

"Why?"

"My father prided himself on his punishments. It was an art in his mind, I think."

"He wasn't mean or anything, was he?" she asked, instantly worried about seven small children in a cruel father's household.

"Absolutely not. We probably wished he would be at times."

"I'm not following," she said.

"One time, Thomas and I were fighting when my father caught us. He said we probably didn't have enough to do with our hands so he told us to stand up and hold our hands up in the air."

"That doesn't seem too bad."

"It's pretty hard after fifteen minutes. After twenty, it is downright painful. The muscles in our arms weren't the same for weeks," he explained, laughing at her horrified expression. "Don't feel too much sympathy for us. It worked. Thomas and I didn't throw another punch. At least not when there was the possibility of my father catching us."

Alana laughed, thrilled with the idea. "What else did he do for punishments?"

"Hmmm..." He said, looking up at the sky. "I remember another time Carlo and Michael were tattling on each other constantly. They were about eight and nine at the time."

"They are the youngest right?"

"Antonia is the youngest but Carlo and Michael are the youngest brothers."

"What happened to them?"

"My father said they were getting their noses into too many people's business so he drew a circle on two pieces of paper, then taped them both to the wall in the upstairs hallway just slightly higher than their noses. He then told them to put their noses in the holes and not to move until he released them."

"Oh no!" Alana said, her sides hurting from her laughter. "What did they do?"

"It wasn't so much what they did," he explained, laughing himself now. "It was what we did."

"Oh, Gus, were you mean?"

"Of course we were. All of us were. We were sick of the two of them getting us in trouble. As soon as we found out their noses were in the circles, we played ball, skidded down the hallway, threatened to cut their hair with scissors, anything we could think of to make them move their noses out of the circles."

"Did they?"

"No way. They knew we'd tell on them if they moved even an inch. It was priceless."

Alana pictured his brothers, their eyes wide as they tried to figure out what their older brothers were doing by looking out the sides of their eyes. "You don't seem like the nicest group of siblings around."

"Coming from an only child," he said and tossed her a cookie.

"Of course."

"Did you ever get in trouble?"

She thought back to her childhood. It was quiet compared to what he was relating. "No, not really. I didn't have anyone to get me into trouble."

"What about your friends from school?"

"Oh, no. We were all very studious."

"Never snuck a drink out of your father's liquor cabinet or stole a cigarette?"

"Good heavens, no. Why would we do something like that?"

Gus rolled his eyes. "Just to see what life on the sinful side was like?"

Alana shook her head, laughing. "Nope. I knew plenty of kids who got into trouble. It wasn't really my thing. I was too busy trying to be the straight A student."

"I'll bet you were valedictorian, weren't you?"

"No, I wasn't. But not from lack of trying."

"Were you on the student council?"

"Yes. Weren't you?"

"Nope. I was too busy trying to get into chorus."

"You can sing?"

"No. That's why I had too much trouble getting into it."

"I didn't know you liked to sing."

Gus shook his head. "You're too naive."

She looked over at his smiling face. "Okay, let's have it. Why did you want to be in the chorus?"

"Haven't you ever checked out the male to female ratio in the chorus?"

Alana thought back to her high school chorus. "You're awful," she said when she realized what he had been doing.

"Not really," he laughed at her shocked expression. "Chorus really opened up a whole new world for me," he explained.

"You mean it opened up a whole new set of females. There are more females in that group than in any other."

"A man has to do what a man has to do," he said with no apology. He packed up their lunch. "I think it is time to get you onto your own bike. Are you up for it?" he asked.

Alana watched the other cyclists as they struggled through the course. "Yes," she said, ready to take on the new challenge of controlling that silly bike through the dirt mounds `and valleys.

Alana had never really been very competitive but she had a great time pushing herself to get ahead of Gus. Initially she could tell he was letting her win at times. But by the end of the day, she could hold her own and felt like she was able to win a few mounds without him giving in.

By the time they were pushing their bikes into the rental shop garage, she realized that she hadn't laughed so hard or enjoyed an afternoon so much in a long time. She was covered with dirt and her hair was a mess, she knew. But Gus looked just as bad and he didn't seem to mind that she looked like a walking mud pie.

She washed her face and hands free of the splattered mud, then waited outside on a picnic table for Gus. She watched as he laughed with a father and son that were also cleaning up after a long day of racing. Alana wondered how Gus could create such intense emotions inside her. She always felt carefree around him, able to say whatever she wanted to and think what she wanted. That wasn't the norm in the circles she was used to. Her friends and acquaintances were very reserved.

She pushed those thoughts aside. It didn't matter that some of her circle were superficial. It was the life she'd chosen. She'd stepped out of character once. She wouldn't do it again. Even for Gus, she thought as he walked towards her, a huge grin on his face indicating that he'd had a great time today as well.

They drove home with Gus telling her about his last experience on an ATV. His father had taken him and all his brothers out for the day. Sal was just about to go back to school and they'd spent the afternoon racing each other around the track. He had her laughing at the five boys and their father all aiming for the same dirt mound and the resultant chaos.

He took Alana to dinner at a sandwich shop since they were both covered in dirt. She and Gus argued about everything but it was good natured and she suspected that Gus took the opposite opinion from her just because she'd chosen one position. She knew she'd done so on several occasions which surprised her. She usually chose non-confrontational subjects but with Gus, she sought out issues that might get a rise out of him. It was completely uncharacteristic of her and she wondered about that for a few minutes before dismissing it as unworthy of concern. She had fun with Gus, that was all there was to it. Overanalyzing things just created more havoc in the long run.

It was almost eight o'clock at night when he drove her home. She couldn't believe she'd spent an entire day with Gus. Previous men she'd dated before her marriage had been several hours at best. She'd never spent a whole day on a date.

He walked her to the door to her father's house and waited while she tried to find her keys in her purse. But she was so nervous with him standing there, she kept dropping them back into her small purse.

Gus took over and pulled the keys out of her purse, then handed both back to her after unlocking the door. Alana thanked him and tried walking past him. But he took her arms and held her gently. He lowered his head towards hers, giving her plenty of time to pull away if she wanted to.

Alana held herself still, knowing she should pull away but not really wanting to. She moaned quietly when she felt his body against hers.

He pulled back after only a short kiss. "I'll pick you up tomorrow night. Is seven o'clock okay with your schedule?" he asked.

Alana blinked, not understanding why he had pulled back after such a brief kiss. She wanted so much more from him. The look in his eyes told her he did too. So why was he stopping? Because she'd demanded it, she told herself. Why had he chosen now to start listening to her?

She nodded her head and watched in astonishment as he nodded, then walked to his car and drove away.

Monday night, he picked her up and drove her to an old theatre in Arlington. It was called the Arlington Cinema and Drafthouse. The theatre wasn't like the others with traditional seats in a row. It was in a large warehouse like building that had a very bland entrance. There wasn't any similarity to a normal movie theatre at this place. Instead, there were tables, swivel chairs and small couches placed all around the large, tiered room.

Alana had lived in the Washington, D.C. area her whole life so of course she'd heard about this theatre. Many of her friends had talked about it at school in high school. But she'd never ventured inside. Doing so now seemed like a forbidden treat. She peered around each corner as they walked inside, eager to see what she'd been missing all those years ago.

As soon as they sat down, a waitress came by and took their orders. Alana ordered a beer along with Gus, knowing that the wine wouldn't be the top shelf quality but the beer would probably be cold and acceptable. She also ordered a hot dog and French fries. Gus ordered a beer, chips, a hot dog with chili and several other things she'd missed because of her horror at the first two requests.

"Oh, don't look so shocked," he laughed. "The chili here is spicy and hot. I have no idea what is in it, but you are really missing something by ordering a plain hot dog."

"You don't know what's in it?" she cringed. "Am I putting my life in danger by ordering a hot dog?"

"Probably not. But live on the wild side for once!" he joked.

The meal arrived just as the movie started and Alana relaxed in the chair on the opposite side of Gus. The movie was a romantic comedy. It was light and funny, just enough silliness to let the audience relax without the intensity of a hard core drama.

After the movie, he walked her across the street to a small diner. "How about some pie?" he suggested.

Alana nodded her head, in the mood for something sweet and decadent. "Sounds good. What kind?"

"Apple?"

"I can't believe you're suggesting apple pie," she admonished.

"What's wrong with apple pie?"

"Possibly the same thing that is wrong with vanilla ice cream." She thought she'd score with that parallel but he wouldn't give her the point.

No such luck. "No way. Have you ever tried to make an apple pie?" he asked.

Alana laughed and leaned back against the vinyl of the booth, crossing her hands over her chest. "No. What's your point about apple pie."

"It's extremely difficult to make a good one. You have to have the perfect apples,' he explained. "They have to be cut in a way that isn't too thick or too thin."

"Why?" she asked, curious despite herself.

"If the apples slices are too thick, they don't cook all the way through and are too hard. If they are too thin, they turn out mushy. Mushy apple pie is not worth the effort," he explained.

Alana eyed him. She didn't trust him but since she wasn't really sure how to boil water, she wasn't going to challenge him on culinary trivia. "If you say so."

"I do," he said and ordered a slice of lemon meringue and apple pie with ice cream on top.

"The real test of an apple pie isn't the apple slices though. It is about the filling as a whole. You have to have the right amount of sugar and butter."

"Okay, I'll bite, no pun intended," she chuckled, "why is the butter and sugar so important?"

"Apparently, that's what makes the slice come out correctly."

"How can a slice not come out correctly?" she asked, fascinated but not sure if she believed him or not. He looked too sophisticated, sitting on the opposite seat, one arm draped over the back of the booth. She just couldn't picture him in the kitchen experimenting with the science of making a pie.

"Don't you just hate it when a pie slice isn't all together?"

"I'm not following," she said.

"The slice needs to look like a slice of pie. Otherwise, it is just a mess of fruit and crust all over the plate."

She watched him for a long moment. "Do you really know what you're talking about?"

He laughed at her suspicions. "Ah, darlin', if you only knew!"

She thought he might be referring to something other than pie so she wasn't going to ask him to explain. Their pie arrived at that moment and both of them dug into the sweetness of the dessert. Gus put the two pieces in the center of the table and they ate off both plates, enjoying the sweetness of the lemon meringue against the richness of the apple pie.

They walked down the street and looked into the windows of the shops on Wilson Boulevard. It was an area of the metropolitan area that was truly metropolitan. There were all kinds of stores selling everything from real estate to china. Gus held her hand as they walked and he made up stories about the people they were passing such as if they were on a first date or if they were married and about to get a divorce. Alana didn't question any of his conclusions, too impressed with his imagination to stop him.

He drove her home that night asking her questions about what she was like in high school. Alana answered him but since she had been very quiet and studious, she didn't have much to tell him. She and her friends had sleep overs at each other's houses, that was about as crazy as things got with her growing up.

Again, Gus dropped her off at the door with a relatively chaste kiss, leaving her standing there wondering why.

They went out every night that week, the evenings followed the same pattern. She and Gus would have a wonderful night, usually arguing about one thing or another. They went to the opera, two plays and another movie. Each night, Gus would take her to dinner either before or after the event. He'd also ask her questions about certain periods in her life. By the second night, she was tired of answering all of his questions and started shooting them back at him. She learned a lot about him and his friends during those dinners. She also told him a lot about herself.

Unfortunately, he left her on the doorstep each night with a chaste kiss. He never pushed her any further than that nor did she have the courage to pull him back for something more substantial although she wanted to. After the movie on Friday night, she wanted to throw herself into his arms and beg him to make love with her.

By Saturday night, Alana was wondering what was going to happen when he picked her up at six o'clock for 'dinner'. She asked him for more details on what they would be doing but he wouldn't say anything other than "you'll like it".

He picked her up on the dot at six o'clock. He was wearing slacks and a dress shirt open at the neck. Alana hadn't known what to wear so she chose a slim black skirt and a soft, cream cashmere sweater set. She let her blond hair hang down to her shoulders, curling softly around her face.

He drove her to his apartment and Alana was instantly on high alert. The first time she'd been there, she hadn't taken the time to look around. She'd been too furious about the photographer earlier in the evening to care about where Gus lived or what his apartment looked like. She took the time now to look around in an attempt to hide her nervousness.

The apartment was more of a penthouse than an apartment despite the fact that he referred to it only as an apartment. The elevators weren't private, but the cab would only stop at a specific floor if a key was entered or the doorman pressed a code. Even then, the occupant had to allow the doorman to send a person upstairs.

The feel was very masculine throughout, but had obviously been done by a decorator because it wasn't overly heavy in the lines or lack of details. The front entry way was softened by a bowl of freshly cut flowers on a side table and interesting pictures. The space throughout the apartment was very large and airy, but there weren't many rooms. She guessed that since only one person lived there, he didn't have a need for several bedrooms. There was a large, brick and stainless steel kitchen that had pots and pans hanging down over one of the main cooking areas, a huge living room complete with gas fireplace which he switched on as soon as they walked through it. Other than that, there were some dark hallways, but he didn't take her down either so she assumed one was his bedroom and the other his office or a guest room.

He led her directly to the kitchen and told her to sit down on a stool pulled up to a high counter top. Gus poured her a glass of merlot, then pulled ingredients out of the refrigerator and stacked them on the countertops. She watched for a moment, then asked in confusion, "You're going to cook?"

"Of course. Who did you think was going to do it?" he asked. He took a knife and cutting board, he starting to chop onions while she looked on with curiosity.

"Well, I assumed you had someone who cooked for you and left you wonderfully delicious meals that you just had to re-heat when you were ready," she said, thinking of her own circumstances. Alana didn't really know her way around a kitchen, always having Maria or another cook to make her meals for her.

"Ah, well, that's what you get for assuming!" he said and took out fresh basil and several other unidentifiable herbs to chop. "I like to cook. You're missing out on a lot of fun if you don't know how to cook."

"I don't think I'm missing out on a great deal," she said, taking a sip of wine. "I prefer to not get all messy with the food and then irritated with heartburn after I burn my meal."

"You're that bad?" he laughed, raising his eyebrows in question.

Nodding, she grimaced. "I had to take Home Economics in high school. I barely passed with a C," she explained. "My teacher basically gave up on m after I burned the cake in the microwave oven, permanently adhered cookies to the cookie sheet which had to be thrown away after the class and undercooked chicken to the point that it was still frozen in the center since I had to defrost the disgusting bird in the microwave and I was too nervous after my cake debacle."

"Want to learn?"

She shook her head quickly. "No. I hate cooking. Besides, you're doing a fabulous job."

"What would you do if your cook was sick?" he asked, picking up a large purple vegetable Alana guessed was an eggplant.

"Go out to a restaurant, of course." She said it so matter of factly that he had to come around to the other side of the counter and kiss her briefly.

He pulled back before she could react and was on the cooking side of the counter again by the time she opened her eyes.

"What if your favorite restaurant was closed? Would you cook then?" he asked and took out a tray of other odd ingredients she didn't recognize.

Alana eyed the ingredients he was taking out and sat back in her chair, taking another sip of wine. "Of course not. I know how to make a sandwich in a crisis. And I've heard there are microwaveable meals in the grocery store. I hope they have instructions on the back that tell me exactly how many minutes to cook the meal. How hard can that be?" she asked, seriously asking the question.

Gus laughed again. "Would you recognize a microwavable meal if you ran into them?"

She smiled, "Probably not. But I'm a resourceful woman. I'm sure I could find them if the need arose. Just head to a grocery store and go down each aisle until they pop out at you, right?"

"That's one way, I supposed. But now, you're getting a lesson in gourmet cooking," he said and handed her a mallot and a chicken breast on a plastic cutting board. "Start pounding," he said.

Alana stared at the mallot and then at the chicken, horrified at what he was suggesting. "What, exactly, do you mean by pound?" she inquired. "Surely people don't beat their meals before they cook them." She was holding the mallot like it was a snake that was about to bite her at any moment.

He grinned at her confused expression. "They do if they want it to be tender," he explained. "It also makes the sauce sink into the meat better. Just hit it, pound it with all your strength. You have to tenderize the chicken," he explained. He took the mallot in his hand and banged it against the chicken breast.

"You're kidding, right?" she asked, smiling, honestly thinking that he was teasing her again.

He wiped his hands and leaned against the counter behind him. "Nope. Start hitting," he said and took a sip of wine, waiting.

Alana laughed but she hit the chicken gently.

Gus rolled his eyes at her delicate attack. "We'll never have dinner at that rate. Put a little feeling into it. Pretend it's my head."

Alana smiled again. This time, she hit it with more force. "How's that?"

"Better, but still a little harder."

Alana stood up and licked her lips, determined to follow his instructions. She took aim and hammered the chicken breast with both hands on the mallot, then looked up proudly. "Was that okay?"

He smothered a laugh at her excited expression. "Yes, please continue."

Alana was aghast. "How many times do I have to do it?"

He couldn't hold back anymore. He chuckled at her horrified expression. "Until the chicken is about twice the size it is now, maybe more."

She looked down at the piece of meat and shook her head. "How about pasta for dinner?"

Gus threw back his head and laughed. "You wouldn't like that any better. The flour and eggs might ruin your manicure."

"Doesn't pasta come in a box and then just drop into water? I know I've seen that on television once or twice." she asked, examining her pink nails.

"I thought you didn't know how to boil water? That's pretty essential to dry pasta, isn't it?"

"Yes, but I' can probably do that better than pound this defenseless piece of meat to a pulp."

"You wouldn't like dry pasta I guarantee. You're used to fresh pasta and that's a messy deal. So start pounding."

"Do you always make your own meals?" she said and hammered the breast with all her might.

"Usually, if there's time. Or I go out to dinner if I'm working late."

Alana didn't respond. She was really getting into the hammering. She'd had a tough day and she was enjoying the feeling of pounding. It was as if someone gave her permission to let all her stress out into the hammer.

"I think that should do it," he said, eyeing the chicken breasts a few minutes later. They were definitely tenderized.

"Feel better?" he asked and handed her a towel to wipe her hands.

Alana sat down on the stool again and considered his question. "Yes, actually I do."

"Good. Now tell me why you were so angry."

Alana was surprised at his perceptiveness. "Well, I thought I'd had a program for the orphanage all wrapped up but now the sponsor is starting to get cold feet, thinking that they should go with an environmental group instead of kids that might end up in prison someday - that's a quote by the way. At least, that was the excuse they used."

"What did you do?"

Alana shrugged and talked about how she had called up the president of the company but was only able to leave messages since it was a Saturday. She had some new ideas on who might be able to take over the program if the current sponsor backed out, but since everything was ordered and the kids were ready to go, already selected, she was still irritated.

She talked for a half hour, chopping whatever he put in front of her into small little bits. She'd downed a whole glass of wine and didn't even know when Gus poured her another. Before she knew it, the whole kitchen smelled wonderful and she was relaxed and talking to Gus like she'd never talked to another person before.

She stopped and blinked, looking up at him embarrassed.

"Why did you stop?" he asked, holding the spatula in his hand.

She shook her head and looked down at the chives she was chopping. "I'm sorry. I just realized that I've monopolized the whole conversation tonight. That's very rude of me."

Gus turned down the heat on the stove and put the spatula to the side. He walked around to the other side of the counter and put an arm on either side of her chair, trapping her in the seat. "Do you realize that this is the first time you've ever really talked to me? Until tonight, I didn't even know that you were involved with the orphanage," he said intensely.

"You didn't?" she asked, her eyes wide.

"Nope. You've always referred to some project you're working on but you wouldn't ever tell me what it was about. I even went there to check it out at the request of my brother, Sal. But I didn't know you were involved."

He looked started for a moment. "come to think of it, do you have tea parties with the little girls?" he asked.

"Yes, often. I give them some of my old scarves and costume jewelry to play with too," she smiled as she remembered their last tea party. "Why do you ask?"

Gus chuckled again. "I was going through the building with the director and we stopped at this one room and there was a woman with a great big floppy hat and a very elegant Chanel suit on. I couldn't see her face but I was very impressed with her legs," he explained.

Alana's face turned red. "I have a blue Chanel suit," she explained. "And I'm pretty much the only one who plays 'tea party' with the girls."

He stood up from her chair and nodded his head. "They were having a good time," he said. "You're very attentive. Thanks for telling me about your project. It's interesting."

Alana looked down at the cutting board. "I'm sorry. I just assumed you would be more interested in other things. Not many people are interested in a group of kids that may or may not graduate from college."

"It might interest you to know that ATI cut a check for them last week. You convinced Sal and I was pretty impressed with the organization."

"ATI sent the kids money?"

"Sure. We don't do it through the normal channels though. We use an anonymous venue. We don't want to advertise our charity donations."

Alana thought back to the previous week's donations. "Was it through a bank? An American something or other bank?"

"I think so. Why?"

"We saw that one come through. Thank you. That was very generous," she said softly.

"Like I said, we don't like advertising," he smiled, "but we'll take the tax deduction."

Alana laughed along with him. "We're happy to provide the deduction."

"Well, let's get this meal on the road. You're really in for a treat tonight."

"What's going on besides eating?" she asked, then regretted her statement.

"Are you offering?" he leered, both dimples appearing.

She laughed at his old joking self rising up. "Nope. Just wondering what the 'treat' is going to be."

"You'll have to wait in an agony of suspense a little longer. Come over here and flip these every few minutes," he said and handed her the spatula to turn the eggplant that was simmering in a wine sauce.

"The only thing left is the salad and we'll be ready."

"Ready for what?" she asked again.

"Flip," he directed and pulled apart lettuce, then tossed in several vegetables he'd already cut while she had talked earlier.

The lemon chicken smelled delicious and Alana's mouth was watering. The eggplant looked perfect and Gus tossed the salad. Placing the chicken, eggplant and salad on two plates, Gus topped off their wine glasses, then loaded everything onto a tray and carried it into the living room where the fire was already crackling.

Sit down over here," he said and placed one plate on the coffee table facing the fireplace and the other right next to it. He reached for a remote control and pressed a few buttons. A moment later, a television screen slid down from the ceiling to hang directly in front of the coffee table.

Switching channels, he settled back in the soft, brown leather sofa and took his plate. "The Caps are playing against the New York Islanders."

Alana hesitantly took her plate and sat back as well. "Just to clarify, this is the treat?" she asked, "Watching hockey?"

Nodding his head, he explained enthusiastically, "Not just any hockey. These two teams are first and second in the league right now. They're playing for the Stanley Cup."

"Ah!. Well, that makes all the difference."

He laughed at her sarcasm. "Don't worry. I'll explain as we go."

True to his word, he explained the game and the plays, helping her to understand the nuances of the sport. He knew all the players and their strengths and weaknesses, could even anticipate some of the plays. By the second quarter, Alana was able to enjoy the game a little bit. But the real excitement was watching Gus get into the game and how he enthusiastically explained everything to her so she could enjoy it as well. He never got irritated when she asked a question or told her to wait until the commercial. Gus was the perfect hockey tutor.

It was almost midnight by the time the game was over and Alana was secretly cheering right along with Gus although she didn't want him to know she liked the sport as much as she did. That would be too much for him to take in, she thought.

When the game was over, the Capitals victorious, Alana picked up the dishes and carried them back into the kitchen. Gus followed her with the wine glasses and second bottle of wine they'd finished about an hour earlier.

"Just leave this mess and I'll clean it up later," he said and grabbed his keys. "I'll drive you home."

Alana stared at him and wanted to say something, but she changed her mind and just nodded, smiling stiffly. She wanted him to kiss her, she thought. But that was crazy. He was acting exactly like she wanted him to. She got her wish. Now she wanted him to ignore it and take her into his arms.

"Is something wrong?" Gus asked when he noticed her hesitating by the kitchen doorway.

"No," she said quickly and moved towards the elevator.

Gust stopped her with a slight touch to her arm. "Alana, if you want something, all you have to do is ask," he said, moving closer to her, breaking his promise to himself to force her into making the first move this time. But her slow pace was driving him mad. He wondered if he was taking the wrong approach. Should he wait and let her set the pace? Or should he go back to showing her how good they could be together.

The thought of touching her again, kissing her, feeling her body react right away to his touch was a powerful thought. His body instantly reacted to the idea, liking the way his thoughts were going.

He took a step closer. When she didn't move back, he took another one. "Alana, do you want me to kiss you?" he asked softly.

"No," she said and shrugged daintily.

But her eyes told him something else. He could see the desire in her eyes. "I think you're lying to yourself. And if you're holding back and keeping both of us in pain simply out of pride, let me know right now and I'll make the first move. I've been trying to respect your space. Was I wrong to do that?"

Alana couldn't breathe. She wanted him to kiss her so badly she could almost taste him. Could she say the words? Could she have him touch her and kiss her, show her that other world again without the pain afterwards like she'd had when she was with Brian?

Could she keep her heart separate from her body's needs?

"Alana?" Gus inquired, still waiting for a response, but he took another step closer, his hand reaching up to touch a lock of her hair. "Just say the word and I'll take care of the rest. I won't hurt you I promise. But release us from this pain of chaste kisses and separation."

Looking down at the floor, she took a shuddering breath. "Okay," she whispered.

There was total silence for a long minute. "What did you say?' he finally asked.

Looking up, she saw the desire in his eyes and it made her stronger. "I said, okay."

"Does that mean what I think it means?"

"If you're going to make love to me, you'd better start because I'm about to melt right here, Gus."

He didn't wait another moment. He took the last step that separated their bodies and pulled her into his arms.

This kiss was unlike anything Alana had ever experienced. It was carnal, intense and didn't allow her to think about anything but Gus and his body, his hands that were holding her waist, slipping under her sweater to touch her skin. His tongue moved inside her mouth, swarming her senses and blocking out everything. Once he had ravished her mouth, he moved to her jaw-line, then to her ear, nibbling on her earlobe, sending shivers through her body, then down her neck and collar bone.

"Please touch me. If you don't touch me, I think I'll go insane," he pleaded.

Alana was more than happy to oblige him. She didn't know where he wanted her to touch him but she slipped her fingers into the top of his shirt where it was open at the neck. Her fingers skimmed his neck and collar bone, one hand slipping inside to feel the heat of his chest. Her fingers shook as she unbuttoned the top button, but no more, afraid to push too far. Gus was having none of that. He undid the next few buttons and took her hand, sliding it onto his chest, sucking in his breath sharply when her fingers found his muscles and glided along the overheated skin.

He put one arm under her legs and the other behind her back and swung her up into his arms. Alana grabbed his neck but he shook his head, "Please don't stop," he pleaded as he carried her down one of the long hallways off the living room. She put one hand back into his shirt, the other sliding around his shoulders to hold herself steady in his arms.

They reached the bedroom and he kicked the door shut behind him, then stood her beside the bed. He gently pulled her sweater over her head, allowing her pearl necklace to slip through the opening to rest against her skin. Once he had it clear of her head, he looked at her breasts encased in white satin and lace. "My god, you're beautiful," he said, his tone awed.

There was no time for embarrassment. His hands slid up from her waist to cup the undersides of her breasts. One finger slid along the top, just missing the nipple. Alana cried out in frustration, but he ignored her, letting his hands drop to the waistband of her skirt. Once the button was undone and the zipper down, the skirt fell to the floor in a heap and Gus groaned when he saw her standing in front of him.

Bending down, he closed his eyes and gritted his teeth. "You're wearing thigh high stockings!"

"Sorry," she said and reached down to start sliding them off.

"Don't," he demanded. "Leave them on," he said and kissed her again, bending her backwards so she was now laying in the middle of the bed.

He stood up and looked at her. "Woman, you bring a whole new meaning to the term peals and lace," and he quickly took off his slacks and boxer shorts.

He came back to the bed naked and laid down on top of her, his arms taking most of his weight. Kissing her again, his tongue starting the mating ritual as his hands removed her lace bra. Once her breasts were unencumbered, his hands moved back around to cup their shape, his fingers still avoiding the nipple, teasing her, touching her all around.

Alana whimpered and arched her back, needing to feel his hands on her breasts but he wouldn't allow it. He kissed her neck, his mouth moving downwards and his tongue followed his hands, kissing all around the soft, firm mounds, but avoiding what she really needed.

Alana's hips moved against his in her frustration. Her hands touched his back, his muscular arms, enjoying the feeling of the muscles rippling under her touch. She closed her eyes and wanted to scream.

Finally, Gus took one nipple in his mouth and Alana cried out in her pleasure and pain. The feeling moved right down to the core of her being, just as his fingers slid up her inner thigh. Her legs automatically opened for his touch, needing something but her body not understanding what.

One finger slid inside her, then two, his thumb flicking the center of her being and a tear of frustration slipped from her closed eyes. "Please Gus. No more! I can't take it any longer."

Gus stretched his arm out and pulled a packet from his bedside table, tearing open the foil and sliding the condom onto his member. "I want you, Alana. Tell me you want me too," he said, waiting on the edge of her opening, needing to hear her say it. The perspiration was forming on his forehead, the need to push his way into her soft opening was a strain on his tense body. He wanted to surround himself with her warmth, feel her body as he moved inside her. But he needed her to need that as much as he did.

"Open your eyes and tell me you want me," he demanded hoarsely.

Alana opened her eyes quickly. "I want you! Please Gus. Don't make me beg," she cried out, almost screaming in her need.

As soon as he entered her, she could feel her body climaxing. Since she'd never experienced that feeling before, she pushed against him, not understanding. But Gus knew and he held her tightly. "Don't worry," he said, gritting his teeth in his effort to slow down to accommodate her tight sheathe. "I'm here, just let it go," he said, breathing heavily.

With his words, Alana held onto his shoulders and arched her back, her eyes closing as wave after wave of pleasure ripped through her body. Gus pounded into her, driving through his own need and his climax followed soon after hers, collapsing down on top of her body. He rolled to his side, taking her with him so she was now laying on top of him, afraid his weight would crush her.

Alana's head rolled slowly to the side, her body slowly coming down from the pleasure. She didn't know what to say, not sure if she could even speak. She pushed her hair out from her face and looked around her.

When he felt her move again, his arms wrapped around her gently. "I know," he said, feeling the same thing he saw in her eyes.

Her fingers moved up to his chest and played with the thin mat of hair there.

"Are you okay?" he asked quietly.

Alana laughed.

"I'm guessing that's a yes," he said and her head shook with the rumble in his chest.

"I think so," she said softly. She leaned up so her chin rested on his chest.

"You look okay," he said and his hand drifted down her body.

She arched slightly against his hand. Her fingers moved to tangle in his hair, no longer content to just feel.

"Alana, don't," he warned.

"Sorry," she said and buried her face in his chest.

Then something interesting happened. She felt herself being filled again and she looked up at Gus, her eyes questioning.

"I'm sorry. You've made me wait a long time," he said and sat up quickly, taking her with him and he took her nipple in his mouth.

Alana screamed, the passion flaring instantly back to full intensity with no warning. Since he was already inside her, never having left from the previous time, it was a simple thing for her to wriggle her hips slightly as he suckled her nipple.

That made him gasp and Alana felt powerful, knowing that she could make him feel the same things she felt. She moved again, her legs straddling him as his mouth moved to the other breast, lathing the nipple with the same attention.

"Gus, please, help me I don't know what to do," she said and he obliged by laying back again, taking her hips in his hands and showing her what to do, how to move. Alana was a quick learner and she took the lead, her hands holding his shoulders as she set the pace.

Her climax came just as quickly this time but because Gus took a little longer, the feeling lasted longer, taking her higher and the pleasure was almost too much for her to bear. She called out to him, her fingernails curling into her palms and her head thrown back as he came to his fulfillment a few moments later.

She collapsed against his chest that time, unable to move. His hands threaded through her hair as their breathing returned to normal.

He moved her to his side so he could see her face and smiled at the drowsy but satisfied expression on her face. "You're beautiful, you know."

"You make me feel beautiful," she replied and reached up to touch his lips with her fingers. "Thank you," she said.

Gus laughed. "You're welcome," he said and took her finger in his mouth.

They fell asleep a few minutes later, both too exhausted to do anything else.

But by morning, she was still exhausted. Gus had woken her up several more times during the night, and each time, he pulled her into the sultry, sensuous world where her body was his to control. It was dawn before she finally got more than three hours of sleep. She curled up with him at her back, one arm wrapped possessively around her waist, his arm her pillow and their legs tangled with each other's.

She woke up to the smell of bacon cooking. She was alone in the bed and she looked around trying to get her bearings. Alana pushed the hair out of her eyes and looked around Gus' room. It was very masculine with heavy furniture and large windows that let in the Sunday morning sunshine.

She looked around and noticed a closed door she hoped was the bathroom. She desperately needed a shower. She opened the door and was relieved when she discovered that she was right. The bathroom was made up of black and white marble with a double spray in the shower that allowed her to feel the water at both angles. She stood there and let the warm spray work all the aches out of her body.

She stayed under the spray for a long time, too embarrassed to face Gus after her wantonness of the night before. He might have initiated each lovemaking session, but she had been just as demanding once he'd woken her up, needing his body to satisfy her own and telling him exactly what she wanted him to do. She'd never felt like that before.

Alana didn't even let herself think about her marriage to Brian and the painful, sexual encounters she'd had with him.

She had just finished showering and was drying off when Gus walked into the bathroom. He was wearing the bottoms to a pair of pajamas but no top. Alana was given an unencumbered view of his muscular chest and stomach.

She didn't realize she was staring until he chuckled softly. "Should I take off the rest?" he asked, his hands going to the tie at his waist.

"No!" she said quickly, pulling the towel more securely around her chest. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to stare."

He walked up to her and bent down to kiss her neck, sending shivers throughout her body. "Don't be sorry. And don't be embarrassed. I like the fact that you like looking at me. I definitely like looking at you."

Alana laughed but took a step back. "You have to feed me. I'm starving."

He followed her and wrapped his arms around her waist. "So am I," he said and took her earlobe into his mouth. Alana couldn't resist anymore, knowing what he could make her body feel, what it was already feeling. She let go of the towel and ran her hands up his arms, wrapping around his shoulders.

He lifted her up so her legs were around his waist and carried her over to the bed, laying her down on her back. "Say you want me," he demanded, taking a nipple in his mouth.

Alana could no longer think, she could only feel as he took control of her body. She inhaled sharply and arched against him, giving him better access to her breast, but she couldn't respond.

"Tell me you want me," he demanded again, moving to the other breast.

She nodded her head and tried to form the words, but his hands were everywhere, making her writhe under his slightest touch.

His hand moved down between them and one finger entered her slowly but it was only enough to drive her crazy. "Please!" she begged.

"Please what?"

"Please Gus, please!" she arched against his hand.

"Tell me you want me inside you."

"I do! Now!" and she reached for his hips to pull him into her, moving so that he fit her perfectly.

There were no more words for a long time, only cries of fulfillment as he felt her climax and came right after her. He was breathing heavily for a long time afterwards.

Long minutes later, he looked down at her. "You're incredible,' he said hoarsely.

Alana's only response was to turn a becoming shade of red across her cheeks and neck. "You make me wanton. I'm a little embarrassed."

"Don't be. You're beautiful."

They showered together this time and finally made it to the kitchen. She found that Gus had made a huge plate of scrambled eggs, bacon and toast and had put it into the oven to keep warm while he waited for her.

"How was I to know you'd be waiting in the bathroom, ready to seduce me," he mockingly complained as he piled her plate with food.

"Me!" she gasped, accepting the plate with an enormous amount of food on it. "I beg to differ, sir. You're the one who accosted me while I innocently showered."

"True," he said philosophically. "And feel free to accost me anytime," he joked, winking at her as she rolled her eyes, trying to act non-challant.

"What are you planning on doing today?" he asked.

Alana shrugged. She didn't have any plans, but she didn't know what he expected of her after last night. "Nothing really."

"Want to come to lunch with me?"

Alana eyed him carefully. She wanted nothing better to spend the day with him but she was suspicious of the veiled look in his eyes. "What's the catch?" she asked, stabbing a chunk of scrambled egg.

"There might be a few other people there."

"How many other people?"

"Well, one never knows with my family."

"You're family?" she repeated, terrified at the idea of going to lunch with his family.

"Yes. Is that a problem? We don't have to if you don't want to."

She shook her head, not liking the idea. "I don't think that would be a good idea."

"Why not?"

Alana didn't know what to say so she just spilled out her first thought. "It might give them the wrong impression."

There was a sudden stillness in the kitchen. "What impression would that be?"

"Well, you know," she said, not willing to put it into words.

"Why don't you spell it out for me. I know what I'd like but I'm guessing from the expression on your face and the fact that you won't say the words, our ideas are dramatically different from each other's." He stopped eating and placed his fork on his plate to wait for her response.

She looked out the window. "They might think you and I are a couple."

"You're going to have to explain that statement after last night. What are we if we're not a couple?"

Alana sighed. "We can be, if that's what you want."

Gus wasn't having any of that. He wanted her fully, not just acquiescing to his needs. "Alana, look at me." He waited until she had her full attention on him. "I want to marry you."

His words made her drop her fork. "No."

"I know that idea scares you but for the life of me I don't know why. I'm willing to wait for you to come around to my way of thinking."

"Gus, I don't want that," she said and started to stand up, intending to run out of the kitchen. But he grabbed her before she could take another step and pulled her onto his lap. He liked the way her arms automatically went around his neck.

"Hey, listen, I'm not going to rush you into anything. I know you think this is sudden, but I'm sure once you think about it, you'll come to the same conclusion," he explained.

Alana was already shaking her head. "No! We can't do that."

"Like I said, I'm willing to wait for you. I'm a patient man. I won't bring it up for a while. The idea obviously scares the hell out of you."

He could feel her relax in his arms and relaxed himself, knowing she wasn't about to bolt out of his apartment. "So how about lunch? We won't bring up any serious subjects. Besides, there's no time for seriousness at my brother's house on Sundays. There are too many people, too many kids and way too much chaos. I promise."

Alana looked at his face to gauge if he was telling her the truth. "Promise no one will come to the wrong conclusion?"

"I promise," he lied. Sundays at his brother's house were reserved for family only. There were aunts, uncles, cousins, sisters, brothers, nieces and nephews, but absolutely no outsiders. In fact, whenever one of his brothers brought over a woman, everyone knew how serious he was about her. It was an instant give away. But he omitted that point. "It will just be a relaxing afternoon filled with kids running everywhere."

"Okay, but I need to go home and change clothes."

"Fine. I'll drive you home and will wait for you. Preferably in your closet," he said, and kissed the side of her neck. "I'll be as quiet as a mouse," he said.

Alana wriggled off his lap and back to her own stool. "I'll bet it would be faster if you waited downstairs in the study or somewhere."

"Spoilsport," he laughed and took another bite of his toast.

Gus drove her home and talked to her father while she changed clothes. She changed into a pair of jeans and a pink sweater, adding tiny crystal earrings to her ear lobes. She felt pretty she thought as she surveyed herself in the full length mirror. But it had nothing to do with her clothes or her appearance. It all had to do with the way Gus looked at her and laughed with her.

The glow on her face dimmed slightly when she remembered his proposal this morning. Why had he spoiled everything and suggested marriage?

They drove the twenty minute drive to Sal's house arguing about the latest bill in congress, both of them taking opposite sides and laughing at the arguments of the other.

There were several cars already parked in front of Sal's home. It was a fifteen bedroom house, which more than qualified for a mansion. Gus led her directly to the back of the house where the kitchen was already in full lunch mode. His sister Antonia, and her daughter Emma who was now four years old, were busy putting chips into various bowls.

As soon as Emma spotted him, she raced over and flung herself into his arms. "Uncle Gus! You're here!" she said enthusiastically.

"Of course I am. Where did you think I'd be?"

"Uncle Sal said you might be working today. I told him you wouldn't miss two Sundays in a row," she claimed.

"Uncle Sal was wrong, as usual," Gus said and tweaked her nose. "What are you making me for lunch today?"

Emma wrinkled her nose. "I'm not making anything," she declared. "My momma and Aunt Vic said that it was time to put the men to work."

Antonia came up behind her daughter and plucked her out of Gus's arms. "You're grilling, we're eating chips," she explained then turned to Alana. "Hi, I'm Antonia, Gus's baby sister. And this is Emma, a rambunctious elf that seems to get into trouble constantly."

Alana smiled, already enchanted by the young girl. "I'm Alana Mason."

"Nice to meet you, Ms. Mason," Emma said, sticking her hand out to shake Alana's hand. Obviously the idea that she was always in trouble, as proclaimed by her beautiful mother, was not a very big issue in the little girl's mind. "Momma, daddy says that elves are supposed to get into trouble," she declared.

Alana shook Emma's hand with all the seriousness she could muster for the mischievous sprite. "It is good to meet you as well," she said.

"Want to help with the chips?" Emma asked excitedly. She leaned over slightly, cupping her mouth. "We get to taste them too," she said, giggling in her delight.

Antonia rolled her eyes. "A stranger might think we never feed you," she said, tickling the little girls' tummy. "Let Ms. Mason meet a few more of this crazy family and then, if she'd like, she can help you pour chips into bowls."

They walked away laughing, Emma waiving her hand to Alana asking her to follow them.

A two year old little toddler waddled up to Gus, a spatula the same size as he was held in his hands. "Uncle Gus!" he said and held out his arms to be picked up.

Gus reached down and lifted him into his arms. "How are you, Josh?"

Josh ignored Gus and stared at Alana instead. "Pretty," he said, pointing the spatula in her direction.

Gus looked over at Alana and winked. "I agree," he said in a stage whisper to the small boy.

"Come on," Josh said and wriggled his hips as a message for his Uncle Gus to start moving in the correct direction, "Gotta grill,' he said

"Want to come with us?" Gus asked.

Alana laughed. "No, I think I'll help with the chips. Grilling is a man's domain, no woman dares to interfere with."

"Ah!" Gus said and kissed her cheek. "A woman who understands a man's caveman instincts."

After a quick hug, Gus sauntered off towards the patio and his brothers who were all standing in front of the grill discussing something. They looked serious.

"What's up?" Gus asked as he joined the four other men and poured himself a glass of iced tea.

"The coals aren't getting hot quickly enough," Carlo said.

"Ah" Gus nodded. "I told Alana that it would be of paramount importance," he said, nodding sagely. "Have you tried accelerating the oxygen?"

The others shook their heads and discussed the perfect temperature for grilling hamburgers and hotdogs so they cooked evenly.

"Who's the woman in the kitchen?" Michael asked.

"That's Alana. Be nice. She's already terrified of you guys," Gus warned.

"Is this serious?" Sal asked, not looking away from the grill.

Gus nodded his head. "I asked her to marry me this morning," he explained.

That got everyone's attention away from the flames. Five pairs of eyes watched him for a long moment. Brett Hancock, Antonia's husband shook his head. "Another one bites the dust," he claimed, chuckling in Gus' direction.

"When's the wedding?" Thomas asked. Thomas was the most practical of all his brothers and was married to Victoria, a very elegant and feminine lady that everyone now called "Vic' much to her chagrin. Laci, Victoria's sister who was now married to Sal, had introduced that nickname to everyone and it stuck.

"I don't know," Gus said, sighing and running a hand through his hair. "She turned me down."

"Why is she here? She doesn't want to marry you?"

"It isn't that she doesn't want to marry me, in particular. I think she just doesn't want to marry anyone."

"Why?"

"I don't know. She keeps things pretty close. But I'll get it out of her eventually," he grinned. "And she's still here with me so that has to be a positive thing."

Sal laughed. "Oh man, you just don't know what you're in for," he said. Thomas and Brett both nodded their agreement.

"What do you mean?"

Brett punched his arm playfully. "You're in for a merry chase, my man. It is sort of a rite of passage, I'm guessing."

"That can't be good," Gus said, not liking the sound of it.

"Ah, but the end result," Sal said, winking at his wife who he could see in the kitchen window, "is worth all the agony of the chase."

"You're soft, old man," Michael scoffed.

"You just wait," Thomas said. "I'll remind you of those words one day."

"I doubt I'd let a woman lead me the way you've told me your wives led you when you were trying to pin them down. One woman is just as good as another, as long as they are soft and willing,' he said, sighing happily.

Laci looked out the window and smiled at her husband. She waived at him, but was suspicious of their conversation. "Vic, what do you make of these guys?" she called to her sister.

Victoria walked over to where Laci was looking out the window. "Hmmm...nothing good, if you ask me. There's something wrong about this scene but I can't put my finger on what it could be. They seem to be behaving well."

Antonia came up behind the two women and shook her head. "They're being too nice. There is a grill going and no arguing. Something is wrong," she said. At her words, the other three women nodded.

"You're right. They're talking about us."

Alana peered out the window and noticed Brett punching Gus and wanted to punch the other man back. That spat of anger surprised her enough to have her mouth drop open. She wanted to defend a man as large as Gus? What an absurd idea. What on earth could she do to Brett, a man just as large and muscular as Gus, that Gus couldn't do for himself. Right now, they all seemed to be laughing so she was probably making too much of the situation. It was all in good fun.

There were twenty three people for lunch that afternoon. Five children under four years old created havoc at times but they were well behaved and curious.

Alana laughed and played with the kids, enjoying herself more than she thought she would. She sat on the floor and built castles and bridges with Josh and Dennis who giggled as they tore down the structures. The little boys were so thorough in their destruction they wouldn't even allow the foundation blocks to be left unturned.

Emma played hide and seek with whoever would play with her. Most of the time it was her cousins Dennis and Josh. It wasn't the easiest game to play but it was definitely the silliest to watch. Emma was a little dictator who showed Dennis and Josh exactly where to hide. And being the good little boys that they were, they hid somewhere else, frustrating Emma to the point that she refused to play with them anymore. To which both mischievous boys answered the call to terrorize her by following her around wherever she went.

Alana liked kids. She'd thought she'd already have kids at her age. But things hadn't worked out the way she'd planned, she thought to herself, as everyone was getting ready to leave later that afternoon. She was melancholy for what she should have had, if it hadn't been for a selfish, unfaithful male who had crushed her romantic ideals.

Alana sighed as she got into the car next to Gus. He immediately noticed her changed mood. "What's up?" he asked, putting the car into gear and driving off towards her house.

"Oh, nothing," she said as she watched the scenery pass by in a blur.

Gus knew it was something but she wasn't ready to tell him. He didn't mind. She'd eventually trust him.

He dropped her off a few minutes later, kissing her and asking if she'd have dinner with him the following Wednesday.

"That sounds nice," she agreed. "Why Wednesday though?"

"I'll be in Los Angeles tomorrow morning. The plane leaves early so I can get there for an early morning meeting.

"Why didn't you leave this afternoon if you have such an early meeting?

Gus smiled and leaned down to kiss her, "Because I wanted to spend the day with you," he said, whispering in her ear.

"Oh," she replied, smiling shyly.

Gus chuckled. "I'll see you Wednesday," he said and left, leaving her wishing he would stay with her that night. Living with her father had it's drawbacks after all, she thought.

Alana watched him walk back to his car and wanted to call out to him, asking him to stay. He was so handsome and so nice. Why had he turned out to be so charming?

She shook her head and walked into the house. She was definitely heading into bad territory here.

She thought about him constantly over the next two days. He seemed to filter into her thoughts at the most inopportune moments. Monday morning, she was sitting on the patio, staring out into space when her father walked up to the table and sat down.

"Penny for your thoughts," he said as he picked up his newspaper.

Alana instantly started blushing.

Her father noticed the increased color and chuckled. "I guess they are worth much more than that. Should I wager a guess about who you were thinking about?"

"No," she said and smiled slightly. She changed the subject quickly before he read more into the situation than she wanted him to know. "How many people are you expecting for the dinner next week?" she asked, taking out her planner so she could start making notes about the dinner party he had asked her to pull together for some clients.

They spoke about the details and she made some suggestions, but her heart wasn't into the planning like it usually was. Before meeting Gus, Alana would have thrown herself into planning a wonderful and creative meal for her father's guests. Alana liked having a theme for her parties, so everyone had something to talk about and had a common discussion point. But she was going to rely on good old fashioned conversation for this party. She just didn't have the time to plan something more elaborate. Thankfully, her father wasn't expecting many people so it would be a small get together which was easier to manage and mingle than a larger party.

Later that afternoon, Alana was at the orphanage watching the girls play basketball on one of the courts. An argument broke out but Alana was oblivious. Her hand was holding the whistle midway to her mouth, but her mind was completely focused on Gus and what she wanted to do with him when he got back on Wednesday. One of the players was threatening to walk off the court and quit the team until Ellie came out and resolved the issue.

"Alana?" Ellie said, once the girls had calmed down. "Are you okay?" she asked.

Alana snapped out of her haze and looked around. "Yes, why?"

Ellie shook her head, "Because Millie and Jessica just about quit the team over an idea for a party."

Alana glanced around and noticed that the girls were laughing and shooting hoops. "When?"

Ellie rolled her eyes. "Two minutes ago." Ellie looked at Alana, wondering if she was sick. "Are you feeling okay?"

Alana glanced around and nodded. "Yes. I'm fine. Sorry about missing the argument. Do you happen to know what their idea was? You mentioned something about a party." She smiled brightly. "That's my specialty."

Ellie shook her head and walked back inside the building, leaving Alana to continue to supervise the basketball practice. Alana tried to concentrate but was relieved when the hour finally ended and the girls headed back into the building to do their homework.

Alana had trouble sleeping that night. She'd fall asleep easily enough, but woke up several times, trying to find Gus in her bed. She was reaching for him in her dreams but when she couldn't find him, her efforts woke her up. She fluffed her pillows, disgusted with herself over her lack of ability to get Gus out of her mind.

Tuesday was just as bad. She had arranged to take a group of the boys to an art museum. That in itself was a challenge. The boys weren't overly interested in art anyway. But taking them away from their perceived outlet to their world of poverty, basketball, was almost a crime in their books.

Five boys accepted her invitation to the museum and she led them through the calm, quiet rooms talking about the various art styles and artists. But several times, she caught herself just staring at a particular picture that reminded her of something she and Gus had done recently. Each time that happened, the boys would either waive their hands in front of her face, or would politely tap her on the shoulder.

She was relieved when the boys headed back to their dorm rooms but found herself with nothing to do for the rest of the day. Ellie wasn't in the building so she couldn't task her with anything. Alana's father didn't need help with any future party plans. She walked through the house that evening and felt lost. She couldn't even read a book since her mind couldn't focus on anything other than Gus.

Alana woke on Wednesday and her whole body tingled with excitement. Gus was scheduled to come back today. Would he call her? She wasn't sure. Should she call him? She banished the idea. She knew she'd never have the courage to call him. It was silly and she wanted to get over her inability to call him, make the first move, but the idea terrified her too much.

She dressed carefully that morning. She pulled on a pretty, soft blue sweater and paired it with navy slacks and navy high heeled shoes, the extra inches gave her a little more confidence. She left her hair loose to float around her shoulders. After that, she was swept up into her normal busy schedule. She had to get her father's party planned and get a field trip ready for the boys.

"Hi gorgeous," Gus's voice came over the line.

Alana tried to ignore the rush of pleasure she felt upon hearing his voice but it was there regardless. She liked hearing from him. It was Wednesday afternoon and she hadn't heard from him in the past few days. No matter how much soul searching she did, it still came down to the fact that he was fun and she wanted to talk to him.

"Hello, Gus. How was your business in Los Angeles?"

"It went well. In fact, things have been going so well my boss has allowed me to take a few days off. I was wondering if you wanted to come with me somewhere."

Alana hesitated for only a moment. "What did you have in mind?"

"Is that a yes?"

"Why do you sound so shocked?"

Gus laughed. "Lady, if you only knew how many times you've turned me down flat, you wouldn't ask me that. But I won't let you go back on your commitment. I'll pick you up in an hour. Pack a bathing suit."

"Just a bathing suit? Anything else?"

"You don't need anything else when you're around me, darlin'," he said and Alana could hear the charming smile with the dimples in his voice.

Alana couldn't help but laugh back. "You're incorrigible, did you know that?"

He returned her laugh with one of his own, a lusty laugh filled with promise. "I'll see you in an hour."

Alana quickly packed a bathing suit and some shorts, wishing she'd asked more questions about their destination. At the last minute, she threw in a couple of sun dresses as well and a black cocktail dress and shoes.

She also told her father that she wouldn't be able to make it to his dinner party on Friday night but explained that everything was already in order. She called the caterer and the florist, just to be sure they knew what to do without her at the house to direct them. Everything seemed to be in order and her father laughed at her anxiety.

He saw her ticking off items in her planner as he passed by her in the hallway. "Just go have fun. Don't worry about a dinner party. Everything will be fine," he assured her and continued on his way to his office.

The doorbell rang exactly one hour later and a charming Gus was standing in the doorway when she answered it. "Hello," she said, shy again after several days apart from him.

He growled at her reserved greeting. "Don't even try that," he warned and pulled her into his arms for a body tingling kiss.

Breathing heavily, Alana pulled back from his arms a few minutes later. "Hello, by the way," she said.

Gus just grinned and grabbed her bag that was sitting in the foyer where she'd left it only a few minutes before the doorbell rang. He tossed it into the trunk and a moment later, they were driving off. Gus drove them to the airport where a private jet was waiting for them. The moment they stepped onto the plane, the door was closed and the plane began taxiing down the runway.

"Put your seatbelt on," Gus warned and led her to a large, comfortable chair covered in buttery soft, white leather. "The pilot, Ted, has a hectic schedule. He has to drop us off then head over to Europe to get my brother Thomas who is flying from Paris to Vienna tomorrow."

"What does Thomas do?"

"He audits the various ATI offices around the US and other countries."

"He does financial audits?"

"Not just the financial side. He reviews the employee morale, efficiency as well as the financial aspects of the offices. Thomas makes sure everyone is happy, healthy and working as fast as possible."

"That doesn't sound very interesting."

"He loves it and he has an amazing team," Gus said, shaking his head. "Although, last year he lost the best financial auditor ATI's ever had."

"Why did he lose him?"

"Her," Gus corrected. "He married her. You met her last Sunday. Victoria now has twin boys, Josh and Dennis."

"Were those the whirlwind boys that I saw running through the kitchen a few times?"

Gus laughed and nodded both in confirmation and agreement of her description of the boys. "That would be them. They are two years old and as wild and unafraid of everything you will ever encounter. I liken them to wild boars because they just charge into anything, regardless of the pain that might occur as a consequence."

"Aren't most two year olds?"

"I guess so," he said, nodding. "My oldest brother, Sal, has a boy named Adam who is almost one year old. I can't imagine Sal chasing after a two year old. Of course, I couldn't imagine Thomas chasing either but he's right in there with Victoria trying to get them where they're supposed to be."

"Why can't you picture your brother chasing after his kids?"

Gus smiled slightly. "You don't know Sal very well yet. He's a stickler for rules and decorum. He's also the head of the family now and, because of that role, he thinks he should be very stiff and formal so he can maintain his authority."

"He didn't strike me that way," she said, not liking the image of his oldest brother. The way Gus described him, he seemed like a stick in the mud. The man she'd met that Sunday was warm and friendly, completely dedicated to his wife and having fun on the floor with his son.

Gus thought for a moment. "I guess that's more how I remember him as I was growing up. Antonia sort of set him on his ear when she met her husband. Well, actually, before that," he laughed, shaking his head at the memory of how his youngest sister had led a double life for years, fooling all of them.

"What did her husband do?"

"It isn't really what her husband did, but what Antonia did to all of us. She's a little wild, in case you didn't notice."

"All I noticed was a great mom who had fun with her kids," Alana said, enjoying his easy sharing.

"You'll have to ask her about her past one day."

"Sounds mysterious."

"Not mysterious so much as diabolical," he countered, his face showing that he didn't like the memory too much.

"And she made Sal more normal?"

"Well, it was a combination of Antonia and Laci, his wife. She pretty much knocked the rest of the stiffness out of him. But they both have kids and that sort of brings everyone onto the same playing field. They are too much fun to be stiff around, I guess."

"You sound like you really like your nieces and nephews."

Gus shook his head and smiled. "I can't imagine being without them now. It used to be just me and my siblings at holidays. Now, everything is nuts with wrapping paper and bows covering every surface, candy is coming out of every child's mouth, parents are chasing their kids, husbands are chasing their wives with mistletoe and it is completely out of control. It's also more fun that I could have imagined only a few years ago."

Alana desperately wanted to know if he ever wanted to have children of his own, but she was afraid of the answer. If he said no, what would she do? How would she react? She had to remind herself that this was not a long term relationship. She needed to keep things in perspective. She was not going to marry. Since she didn't want to have children without a husband, she was stuck without children.

Then she remembered her kids from the orphanage. She had lots of kids, she thought. And they needed her desperately. She needed to focus on that and be happy with what she could do for them instead of selfishly wanting what she couldn't have - her own children.

Gus unsnapped her seatbelt and pulled her over to one of the comfortable looking sofas now that they were airborne. "You're expression turned sad all of a sudden. What's going through your mind?"

Alana cleared her face instantly, afraid of what she might have revealed. "Nothing. You still haven't told me where we are going?"

Gus shook his head. Leaning forward in his seat, he leaned his forearms on his knees and looked at her. "I know it is early in our relationship, but do you think there will ever be a time when you will trust me enough to talk about the things that are bothering you?"

Alana stared at him, fear and panic rising up inside her. He was too perceptive. "Really, I don't know what you think is wrong but I'm okay."

His shoulders sagged slightly. "Okay, I'll let it drop for now. But one day soon, we're going to have a discussion."

"Gus..." she started.

"Don't worry. I'll be nice," he interrupted. "And to answer your question, we're going to Barbados."

Alana's eyes opened wide. "Barbados?"

"Yep."

"But I didn't bring my passport."

"I know. After I got off the phone with you I called back and your father answered the phone. He said he'd put it into your luggage."

Alana's eyes were wide. Her father was conspiring with Gus? Ed Mason never approved of the men she dated. "My father? Ed?"

"Do you have more than one?"

Alana shook her head, completely confused. Her father had been furious when she'd told him she was going to marry Brian. He'd even had Brian investigated. Which had turned up exactly what he was, a philanderer. But when presented with the evidence, Alana had just said that she was old enough to make her own decisions and that he wouldn't cheat on her since they were in love. She remembered that her father had simply shook his head in disgust and walked away, muttering to himself.

"No, just the one," she said finally. "Okay, so we're going to Barbados. Sounds nice," she said, worried. For some reason, going away to a hotel in Florida was one thing and she could handle that. But going to an exotic, romantic, island - a world away from what was normal and natural to her, seemed to be a much larger event.

Gus laughed. "I can tell by the look in your eyes that something is scaring you. Care to talk about that? Or are you going to try and quickly change the subject?"

Alana forced a smile onto her face, wishing she could hide her feelings more easily. This man was too perceptive by half. "It's just not what I was expecting."

"What were you expecting?"

Alana shrugged her shoulders and sighed. "I don't know. I guess I should have been expecting the unexpected. You haven't done anything normal or expected since I met you. Why should you start now?"

Gus threw back his head and laughed. "Do I keep you on your toes, Alana?" he asked, pulling her from her comfortable sitting position on the sofa and onto his lap where he wrapped his arms around her waist.

"You definitely keep me on my toes," she confirmed, putting her arms around his shoulders and looking up into his handsome face.

"We have a four hour flight. Are you hungry?"

Alana had to blink at the change in subject. "I guess so," she said, looking around at the cabin. It was extremely spacious and looked more like a living room than a plane. There were several leather chairs that resembled recliners as well as a long sofa at one end with a complicated looking video and stereo system. At the other end of the plane were three desks complete with computer monitors and telephones. She saw everything but no kitchen.

"The food is already heated and prepared. It is in a special oven in the back," he explained, correctly reading her expression.

He stood up and took her hand, showing her around the plane. He led her to the very back of the plane where a small oven and galley kitchen was set up. He pulled a bottle of white wine out of a small refrigerator and some wine glasses. Handing them to her, he said, "Why don't you go to the sofa and open this up while I get our dinner."

Alana moved to the front of the plane and opened the bottle of wine, setting the glasses on the coffee table in front of the sofa. A moment later, Gus came forward with two great smelling plates of chicken piccata and steaming asparagus.

Alana's senses were instantly alert. The food looked delicious. It was so well presented, the food had to have been prepared by a gourmet restaurant.

"Harry really outdid himself this time," Gus was saying as he placed a plate in front of Alana. "How's the wine?" he asked.

"I don't know. I haven't tried it yet. Who's Harry?"

"He's the cook that services all the private jets at our terminal," he said and took a sip of the wine, nodding in appreciation. "Good year," he said.

Alana tasted the wine and agreed. The food was just as delicious and they talked and laughed all through the meal. Gus kept her talking about silly things throughout the whole flight. She didn't realize that the time had passed so quickly but when the phone rang, Alana jumped from her hazy, wine induced relaxation.

Gus got off the phone and reported that the pilot said they were cleared for landing at the Barbadoes airport. Ten minutes later, they were being ushered through immigration and customs inspection stations in the relatively large terminal. Most of the commercial planes with the tourists had arrived earlier in the afternoon so it was almost empty at this time of the evening. The commercial flights landed about two thirty each day, leaving a couple hours later once they were cleaned, refueled and restocked.

By the time they were in front of the airport, their bags were already packed inside the trunk of a black Land Rover. Gus got into the driver's side, which was on the right, instead of the left as the Americans drove.

Gus seemed to know his way around. The streets were narrow and bumpy with very few markings. She wasn't sure how he knew where to go since there weren't any street signs. The only markings available on the corners of the road were directional signs to tourist sites.

There were people walking down the streets or waiting at bus stops in several places. The houses were almost all made up of cinder blocks with stucco laid over top but there were a few that were made of wood. Some of the houses were quaint and attractive with fresh paint and lovely yards with well manicured tropical plants. Other houses looked poor and run down.

The country itself is poor but incredibly beautiful. The palm trees waive merrily above the streets and the flowering bushes overflow the yards and fences to reach into the streets.

A half hour after leaving the airport, Gus pulled into a lovely, white stucco hotel. The lobby was made of tile floors with stucco columns rising three stories above. A lush, tropical paradise was laid out in front of the lobby with a water fall splashing through terraced gardens, eventually spilling out onto a pool. The pool was empty now in the evening but she imagined that during the day, several people relaxed around the sparkling water. It was what she intended to do anyway.

It only took moments to check in and a bell hop already had their small amount of luggage on a cart. Gus led her to an elevator that took them to the third floor of the hotel. They had a suite with brightly colored sofas in blue and yellow flowers. The decorating was repeated in the drapes and the small kitchen area. The whole suite was covered in white tiles instead of carpeting, adding a sense of coolness to the atmosphere.

Alana stood in the middle of the living room, looking out onto the ocean. There were at least three shades of blue and two shades of green reaching out to the deep sea and the waves gently crested near the sandy beach.

But she barely saw the water and the beauty laid out in front of her. She was too conscious of the man standing behind her. She wanted nothing more than for him to take her into his arms but she stood still, unsure of what he expected of her.

"Alana?" Gus said from behind her.

She turned and looked at his face. She could see that he was waiting for her to make the first move. She took the step that separated them and his arms opened wide for her. He took her into his arms and carried her to the bedroom.

Alana had a brief glimpse of highly polished mahogony hardwood floors and a high standing four poster bed made out of the same beautiful wood. Gus laid her down on the soft, white cotton bed covers and followed her down, taking her mouth with his in a soul bending kiss. Her clothes were off so quickly she wasn't really sure how it happened. Gus stood up beside the bed and discarded his own clothes, then came back to her.

Alana couldn't think beyond where his hands and mouth were. She was just as frantic to touch him. Without warning, Gus took her nipple in his mouth and Alana gasped, her back arching off the bed as the feelings ripped through her. Within moments, she was begging for him to take her, fill her, take her to the edge as only Gus could.

"Please, Gus. I need you," she cried as his mouth moved to nibble on the smooth, slight curve of her stomach. She was pulling his hair by now but he ignored her efforts, moving his head lower.

"Gus, no!" she said as he pushed her legs apart.

Gus ignored her and found her center, finding that she was more than ready for him. He smiled as he felt her shiver, his tongue ravishing her. As soon as he felt her fall into her climax, he moved higher, entering her. The feelings continued and her orgasm initiated his. He loved the feeling of being inside her as she came. It was wondrous and exhilarating. The expressions on her face as the passion tore through her fed his own and heightened his response.

The next morning, Alana woke to bright sunshine streaming across the bed. She was stiff from a night of passionate lovemaking with Gus. She reached out, eager to feel him again but her hand only felt the cool cotton of the sheets instead of his warm body. That was so unprecedented that it woke her up enough to look around. She listened but didn't hear anything. She pulled herself to a sitting position and looked around, awed by the beauty of the room she was now able to see. It was done in dark woods and light, breezy white fabrics. The bedroom opened to a balcony by French doors covered in gauzy white linen curtains but she could still see the ocean and it took her breath away.

Alana was looking out the window when Gus burst into the room. "Good morning, sleeping beauty. It's about time you woke up."

Alana pushed the hair out of her eyes and looked up at him. He was already showered, shaved and dressed in navy blue shorts and a white polo shirt. "What time is it?" she asked, leaning back against the pillows. She relaxed and enjoyed the view of his handsome body standing next to the bed. "How did you know I woke up?'

"About eleven o'clock," he said, checking his watch. "And I knew you were awake because I've been in the other room reading and listening for movement from in here. You're a very still sleeper, did you know that?" he joked.

Alana gasped. "Eleven o'clock! Half the day is gone already. Why didn't you wake me up earlier?"

"Because I only woke up about an hour ago," he smiled. "You wore me out last night," he smiled roguishly.

Alana could only laugh at his charming expression as he blamed her for their sleepless night. Each time she'd moved, Gus had woken up and made love to her. By dawn, she had curled up next to him and fallen asleep on his chest.

"Are you ready for an adventure today?" he asked, leaning forward to kiss her gently.

She eyed him warily. "What did you have in mind?"

He sat down on the bed next to her, putting one hand on each side of her hips. Alana tried to pull up the sheet to cover her nakedness more, but his hands trapped the sheet and he wouldn't let her cover herself any higher. "Well, while you've been lazing away the morning, I've arranged for a picnic lunch and inquired about some interesting tourists sites."

She wasn't very interested but tried to hide her opinion. "What kinds of sites are there? This is a pretty small island. Isn't it only about twenty miles long?"

"Twenty one, but apparently there are some really great spots. Are you game?"

Alana considered the options. What she'd really like to do is lay around the pool and sleep. Or stay in the hotel and make love to Gus today. But she noticed his excited expression and changed her mind. "Okay, I'm in your hands."

"Hmmm....I like the way you think," he said and leaned forward again.

Alana instantly pushed against his chest, laughing. "If you want to be a tourist, you can't touch me. We'll never get out of this room."

Gus shook his head. "You're going to have to give me more of a reason," he chuckled.

Alana ducked her head and dove off the other side. "Tell me what sites there are to see and I'll decide which is better - tourism or sex."

Gus looked across the bed at her naked form, silhouetted against the sunshine behind her. He swallowed, noting again how beautiful she was. He considered telling her to ignore his previous comment about being a tourist and pulling her back into bed so he could make love to her for the rest of the day. But he also wanted to share the island with her. "There's an interesting wildlife reserve on the north side of the island."

"Wildlife?" she repeated, her eyes looking wary. She pulled the sheet off the bed as she considered his idea, wrapping it around herself.

"It's better than it sounds. Trust me?"

Alana looked at him as he leaned back against the messed bed. "No," she instantly replied.

Gus laughed and stood up. "Well, you're going to have to try. Go get in the shower and I'll be a good boy."

Alana shook her head and wrapped the sheet more securely around her as she made her way to the bathroom, not able to actually walk around him naked or even semi-naked.

Gus pulled the corner of the sheet as she passed. "You know, I've kissed every inch of your body, there's no need for this."

Alana pulled the corner tight, knowing she was being silly. "I can't help it. Give me time."

She heard Gus chuckling as she closed the bathroom door behind her. Alana hurried through her shower, pulling her hair into a pony tail. She didn't know much about the island but Gus had told her that the temperature was about eighty five degrees year round with high humidity. Being just off the coast of South America, she assumed the country was basically a tropical island.

Following Gus's lead, Alana dressed in a pair of green shorts and a white shirt. Down in the lobby, Gus was handed an extremely large picnic basket and the keys to their Land Rover. He drove off, easily navigating the traffic in spite of being on the left hand side of the road and car.

He chatted about what he knew of the history of the island while Alana gripped the handles and seat. There were traffic circles, called Round Abouts, almost every mile to three miles and Alana didn't see a single street sign. She had no idea how Gus knew where he was.

After a forty minute drive on a road that traveled through sugar cane fields and rugged terrain, they arrived at the Wildlife Reserve. Alana was still a little suspicious but she got out of the truck and followed Gus to the entrance.

As soon as they entered, Alana let out a small yelp. An extremely large tortoise was staring at her on the path. Gus laughed and grabbed her hand, leading her to the back of the tortoise, then bent down to touch the amphibian's hard shell. "Don't worry, I'll protect you from the ferocious, grass eating land turtle."

Alana was embarrassed but hid it well. She bent down and felt the hard shell of the animal then turned around, only to be confronted by a small monkey about the size of a cocker spaniel but with a very long tail. "That's the island's green monkey," Gus explained.

Every step they took, they ran into animals. There were deer and rabbits so large they were almost the same size as the small deer. Towards the back of the reserve, there were peacocks, pheasants, iguanas, a python that was wider than some of the trees. It was an amazing place to watch both the animals and the other visitors.

Alana was enchanted. The turtles, initially such a surprise, turned up everywhere. They traveled along the pathways and were all over the rocks and woods. The monkeys were a great treat to watch as they played, fought, ran and jumped from the vines hanging down from the trees.

Gus and Alana sat and watched them as they frolicked around the reserve. "Okay, good call on the trip," she said at last as they laughed at two small children who were giggling at the sight.

"Think so?"

"Yes," she said, not taking her eyes off the children. The boy was so excited about every single tortoise he came across.

"So, I'm sexy, brilliant, charming and can make you laugh, right?"

Alana laughed at both the boy and the man sitting next to her. "Yes, you could say that."

"I am. Marry me."

Alana stiffened and looked at him. "What did you say?"

"I asked you to marry me."

Alana laughed at his expression. He already knew her answer and was bracing for it. "No."

"Why not?" he asked and pulled her around to face him.

"Why?" she countered right back.

"Because we're good together."

That wasn't the answer Alana wanted to hear. She kept the disappointment out of her voice. "That's true. So why change what we have?"

"Because I want to marry you and know that you're going to be with me for the rest of your life."

She held her breath, wondering if he would continue. When he didn't, she turned back to watch the kids but they had already disappeared around a corner in the path. "Well, I don't see any reason to ruin a good thing. And I don't want to get married."

"Why not?" He took her hand and led her back to the truck.

"Because I don't want to ruin things."

"Alana, you're going to have to explain that statement," he said as he pulled the picnic basket out of the trunk. He led her towards a grove of trees where a cool breeze was blowing through. There were picnic tables built on top of coral rocks cemented together. He spread out a feast of sliced ham, three different types of cheese, crisp apples, sliced passion fruit, pineapple and a bottle of white wine.

"So talk to me. What's your issue with marriage?" Gus asked and took a bite of pineapple.

Alana shrugged her shoulders and pretended to have a huge interest in the food. "It's just for other people. I'm sorry, but I don't want to venture into marriage. Where did you get this food? It is wonderful."

"Okay, you don't want to discuss marriage. But I'm not going to let it drop. Sooner or later, you're going to have to give me a valid reason to not get married," he said and poured the wine into crystal glasses. "Saying that it isn't for you doesn't make sense."

Alana didn't answer him and Gus immediately changed the subject. He eased the tension between the two of them by making her laugh and relaxing.

The weekend was spent with highs and lows for Alana. She loved being with Gus but he asked her to marry him three more times during the trip. Each time, she rejected his request but couldn't give him a reason, other than the fact that she didn't want to change what was between the two of them. She thought that their relationship was as close to perfect as anything could be. They had fun, they laughed, argued, challenged each other. What more could anyone possibly expect in a relationship? Love popped into her mind but she ignored the thought. Love, she reminded herself, was a fantasy and not real.

Saturday night, they spent a romantic evening dining by the harbor. A tropical depression had moved through earlier that day but a line of clouds remained. As the sun set over the ocean, the clouds seemed to be glowing with the sun's fire. With each moment, the colors intensified going from a bright yellow to an electric, neon orange both in the sky and reflected by the water.

The food was delicious and by the time the night sky was filled with stars, a band struck up and the two of them danced together until midnight. By the time they reached their hotel room, they fell into bed, tearing at each other's clothes in an effort to get closer, to feel skin against skin until nothing separated them.

He proposed to her again as their heartbeats settled back to normal. Alana shook her head and turned her back to him, but Gus was having none of that. He pulled her closer so her back was flush against his chest and held her close, kissing her shoulder, her ear, her jaw. He showed her without words that he was not going to give up on her.

Sunday was an incredible day for Alana. Gus drove them to the harbor in downtown ?? (capital of Barbadoes), the capital city of Barbados. There, he handed her onto a beautiful catamaran and they set off to sail around the island. Once they reached a small cove, everyone on the boat was handed snorkeling equipment.

"Are you ready?" Gus asked as he helped her pull on her flippers.

"No," she said immediately. "What are we going to do?" she asked, looking over the side. The water looked calm and very clear. She was looking down, wondering what was under the water when a giant blob poked it's head up over the surface.

Alana saw the huge mass and jumped out of her seat, screaming and grabbing onto Gus who was standing only a foot away. "What is it?" she yelled, terrified that they were about to be attacked by sharks.

Gus laughed and held her in his arms, liking the way she instantly sought him out for security. "Relax, it's the surprise," he said but had to soothe her before she would listen to him. "I promise, it is okay. That's a sea turtle and it's just coming up for it's afternoon meal."

Alana looked at his face, trying to determine if he was teasing her again. "Why is it looking to me? I'm not it's next meal, am I?"

Gus couldn't help it. He threw back his head and laughed at her question, delighted at her humor despite her fear. "No, I promise you're not the turtle's next meal."

The captain of the catamaran brought over (sea turtle food) a bucket of fish. "What's this?" she asked, staring down into the depths of the bucket.

"That's what the turtles eat," Gus explained.

"I'm not getting into that water," she said, shaking her head and backing up a step, almost tripping since she was now wearing flippers.

"I promise you'll be okay. Will you get in if I swim right next to you?" he asked, taking her hand and pulling her gently towards the ladder at the back of the sailboat.

Alana allowed him to lead her closer, but she was still hesitant. "Why don't they eat people?"

"Because they are discriminating in what they eat and don't like people," he explained but she knew he was teasing her now.

"Gus, I'm really not sure about this," she said and tried to pull her hand away.

The captain, witnessing this tug of war came over. "These are extremely gentle creatures. In fact, they are in this cove which is surrounded by the reef out there. We have to take this kind of vessel to get here, otherwise, any other kind of boat would crash over the rocks and sink. These sea turtles come here to avoid the sharks and other predators. You're completely safe here with these guys," he explained.

Alana turned back to Gus who nodded his head. "Okay, if you say so," she said and pulled her mask down over her face. She allowed Gus to lead her to the ladder but Gus had to get into the water first. As soon as he was submerged, a giant turtle swam over and poked its head out, waiting for it's initial treat.

Alana was enchanted. She stuck her feet into the water and reached for some food. As soon as she moved into the water, another turtle swam close to her, again poking it's head out and patiently waiting for Alana to give it some food.

"Careful not to touch them," the captain said.

"Why?" Alana asked, wondering why people always gave warnings when it might be too late.

"Because we don't want them to get used to people touching them. It's one thing to feed them because it's always at the same time each day. But these guys might start trusting humans and some people might try to hurt them."

"Ah," she said and felt slightly more comfortable.

They swam and fed the turtles for about an hour. Once the turtles realized that the bucket was empty, they swam away, looking for their next source of food deeper under water.

Alana and Gus climbed back on board the catamaran and dried off. Alana was thrilled with the experience, never having even known that feeding sea turtles was a possibility.

As they drove back to the hotel to change and pack, she watched the passing scenery. She had only been on the island for three days and she'd already fallen in love with all the wonderful things and people here. But she'd also fallen in love with Gus. She didn't want to and knew she shouldn't have. Unfortunately, there was no way around it. He was too wonderful.

She watched his profile as he drove the Land Rover through the traffic and was struck again by how handsome he was. There was so much more to him than just looks, she thought. He was kind and compassionate, willing to go out of his way for people he didn't even know but wouldn't mention it to anyone.

She sighed deeply, wondering how she was going to protect herself from these feelings.

"What's wrong?" he asked and took her hand as they drove through the last round about before reaching their hotel.

"Oh, nothing really. I was just thinking about the weekend."

"And?" he asked.

"It was fun. Thank you for bringing me here," she said.

He picked up her hand and kissed her palm. The kiss sent shivers through her body, but any type of contact with him created the same reaction.

The flight back Sunday evening was quick and Alana was depressed when he left her on her doorstep. She didn't want to leave him. She admitted, if only to herself, that she wanted to be with him constantly.

But that was a dream she no longer believed in, she reminded herself as she closed the front door firmly behind her. Taking her suitcase, she carried it up to her room and determinedly unpacked, ignoring the feelings of nostalgia as she touched each of the clothes she'd worn, and not worn, with Gus over the previous few days.

It was difficult to get back to reality on Monday. She wanted to call Gus but kept herself busy. He finally called later that afternoon to tell her that he had to go out of town unexpectedly. Alana maintained a cheerful voice while on the phone with him, but as soon as she hung up her cell phone, she shed a tear.

Alana spent the next two days with the kids at the orphanage. She'd gotten the funding and sponsorship for several new programs she'd been working on. Now she had to work with Ellie to get them going. There were fifteen new teens who were starting a mentoring program. Alana and Ellie paired up the older teens with the younger kids as a big sister or big brother type of program but the older kids had to come up with activities on their own. They were required to research activities on the internet, come up with the costs and create a formal proposal arguing the merits of the outing.

She also attended several other parties that week and made contacts with a few other people that were interested in forming a partnership with the center. Alana was proud that the center was finally making a name as a resource for troubled or orphaned kids and people in the city were responding with help.

She threw two parties for her father as well. Alana organized a luncheon for some of his clients in the middle of the week as well as a more formal dinner party Thursday night. Her father asked her to schedule something for the weekend, but Alana refused. She'd missed several calls from Gus because she was so busy but she was hoping that they would be able to do something together over the weekend. She didn't want to tie up her time with other obligations.

"Hi gorgeous," a deep voice behind her said.

Alana spun around and smiled brightly at Gus's handsome face. "Hello yourself," she said, wanting to kiss him but afraid that others would see them.

Gus sighed deeply. He took the last step that separated them and, ignoring her worried glance at the other guests, put one hand on the small of her back and the other around her shoulders. He kissed her deeply, leaning her over his arm to deepen the kiss, allowing everyone to know that they were a couple.

He ended the kiss just as abruptly, then winked at her. "That's a more appropriate greeting," he said, liking the fact that she kissed him back just as passionately, even though she didn't want to. She just couldn't hold back her reaction to them. It gave him hope.

"Gus, please," she whispered, glancing shyly around and touching her slightly swollen lips to check on her lipstick.

"Please what?" he asked, his shoulders blocking out the rest of the crowd in the ballroom so they were in relative privacy. "Please take you away from here and make passionate love to you?" he said so only she could hear. "Please propose to me again so I can finally accept and admit that we're meant to be together?"

Alana stared at him, her mouth opening but the words unable to come out.

He scowled at her lack of a response. "That's what I thought," he said, the irritation clear in his voice and his face. He looked out over the crowd and grabbed his scotch again. "Alana, when are you going to explain what is going on between us?"

Alana closed her eyes as the tears formed behind her lids. She forced herself to get control. "Gus, I'm sorry."

"Don't be sorry," he said harshly. "Just help me to understand!"

"Gus, this isn't the time or place."

"Then come with me and explain it to me. Because I'm sick and tired of trying to figure it out by myself. You're not giving me enough clues so I'm coming to some very odd conclusions."

"We can't leave right now. What will our host think?'

"I don't give a damn what other people think," he said and grabbed her arms to force her to look at him. "They can't live our lives for us. If you'd just accept that, I'm sure you'd feel much freer."

"You don't understand," she said, fighting back the tears.

"You're right. I don't. But you won't explain it to me so I'm left in the dark." He slammed his glass down on the table behind him. "We spent a fantastic weekend together and do you want to know what that taught me?"

"Gus, please," she said, knowing that people were starting to look in their direction.

"I'll tell you. I found out that I don't like leaving you on your doorstep. I found out that when we go somewhere, I want you to come home with me and unpack next to me, put your clothes right next to mine. I don't like spending every meal staring across at your lovely face, then finding myself staring at an empty chair. Why do we have to go through this? Why can't you just accept that what we have together is special and is only getting better?"

"It isn't that easy," she said, her lips trembling as she fought back the emotions his words conjured within her. She had wanted the same things but it wasn't fair of him to bring these things up when they were surrounded by so many acquaintances.

Gus shook his head in frustration. "I'm getting out of here. The only reason I'm here in the first place is so I could see you. Are you coming? Or are you so afraid that other people will think we're a couple that you can't leave with me?"

He watched her beautiful blue eyes cloud up and knew the answer. "Fine. Then call me when you have the courage to fill me in on what you want from this relationship. Because I sure as hell can't figure it out."

With that, Gus walked across the room and left, not acknowledging anyone as he moved through the crowd. Alana wished she had that kind of power and determination. She was always too afraid of offending people. Turning away, she quickly found the ladies room and repaired her makeup. Taking several deep breaths, she tried to get her emotions under control. She thought she had it licked, but as soon as she stepped out of the bathroom, she heard someone talking about Gus and she knew she had to leave immediately.

Alana made her way along the back halls, not able to face anyone else. She reached the entrance and asked the valet to call her a cab. She didn't even want her father to see her like this.

As soon as she closed the door on the cab and it was rolling down the street, the tears started to fall. By the time she got home, she was sobbing uncontrollably. She went up to her room and fell onto her bed, letting the sobs wrack her slender frame. The pain was too intense to keep it inside any longer. She wanted Gus but knew he'd never settle for the kind of relationship she needed from him. She couldn't marry him. He wanted the fantasy. She knew it would never last and she couldn't go through that pain again. She'd been upset when she'd discovered Brian's perfidity. But Alana knew now she hadn't loved him. She'd been in love with the idea of being in love.

With Gus, her feelings were overwhelming. She loved him with every fiber of her being and she knew she'd never survive if she discovered the same thing with Gus. Seeing Brian with another woman, in their bed, had destroyed her pride. Seeing Gus in that same position, would destroy her soul.

Alana cried all night. She didn't sleep at all but stared out at the moon, or the stars and when the clouds covered them up, she stared at the ceiling or cried some more.

By the morning, she'd convinced herself that their breakup was for the best. She knew she was in love with him. It was better to not get further emotionally involved. It was too dangerous.

By the end of the week, she was exhausted from crying and feeling sorry for herself. She was also sick of wondering what Gus was doing. He hadn't called but she hadn't expected him to either.

Saturday night, exactly one week after they had fought, she ventured out into society again. She dressed carefully for the opera she was going to attend with her father, knowing she'd need to reinforce her pride. Too many people had seen her arguing with Gus. They'd also seen him leave and her disappear. She knew that because several of her friends had called to find out what had happened. She hadn't called them back, knowing that she wouldn't be able to explain.

She wore a midnight blue silk sheath dress that hugged her body and shimmered in the light of the opera hall. Alana held her head up high and smiled as confidently as she could to her friends and acquaintances. But her father, bless his soul, moved her through the crowd, introducing her to his newest business associates, giving her an excuse to avoid difficult conversations and alleviating the need to speak to her friends.

The opera was very good that night and she was congratulating herself on getting through the night when a movement to the right caught her eye. She glanced over and saw Gus sitting in one of the other boxes. He was surrounded by his brothers and their wives. It looked like Gus was alone, but she couldn't be sure since the box was dark.

She looked away quickly and whispered to her father that she needed to leave immediately. He nodded and got up to leave with her. Ed had seen her tears during the week and knew she was in a fragile state.

In the car on the drive home, he talked to her about the situation. "Why are you avoiding him so meticulously?"

Alana shrugged and looked out the window. "I can't see him anymore."

"I thought you tried that initially and it didn't work. Why do you think it is going to work now?"

It took her a long time to get the words out but eventually she was able to explain to her father, "I think Gus agrees with me as well this time."

"I doubt it. Not if the look he gave you was any indication."

Alana's head snapped around to look at her father when he said that. "What look?" she asked. Alana hadn't been aware that Gus had even seen her. When she'd spotted him, he'd seemed to be engrossed in the opera.

"He'd been staring at you during the whole performance."

"How did you know?"

Ed smiled tenderly at his daughter's pain streaked face. "Because I was staring at him. He loves you. Why won't you admit that you love him?"

She took a deep breath. "It's not that easy."

Ed left it alone for a few minutes. Then firmly stated, "He's not Brian, you know."

Alana's head snapped to look at him. "I never said he was."

"Why are you protecting yourself against the possibility that he'll act like Brian?"

Alana didn't answer. She couldn't. The tears were choking her. She looked out the window and stared at the passing scenery, willing her heart to stop breaking and her mind from thinking about Gus.

Alana buried herself in her work. She forced herself out of the house earlier and earlier each day in the hope of exhausting herself so she would be able to sleep the following night. She worked hard to get new funding for the kids, hoping to create scholarships for summer camps for the younger children and college for the older ones. The city would pay for the kids to go to a city college, but Alana wanted to give them the chance to go anywhere they wanted instead of being trapped at the University of the District of Columbia.

She also forced herself to attend the parties and other social functions around the city. She wouldn't look around for Gus at any of them but she didn't seem him very often. When she did, she immediately left. She didn't know what he did after she left, but her heart couldn't take the idea of him dancing in some other woman's arms. She wanted to be that woman but wasn't willing to open herself up to the heartache that would follow when he was no longer interested in her.

Laci called about two weeks after her fight with Gus and asked her if she wanted to come over and see the baby which had been born the week before.

Alana was ecstatic for her friend and bought a huge basket of fun baby items. The afternoon she'd arranged to see the baby, she drove up to the house and hefted the large basket in her arms, ringing the doorbell carefully so the basket didn't fall.

She'd thought she was successful until the door opened and Gus stood in the doorway, his smile disappearing as soon as he discovered who was at the door.

Being the gentleman that he was raised to be, Gus immediately took the large basket out of her hands and invited her inside.

"What are you doing here?" she asked softly, barely able to get the words out as she watched the muscles in his back under his soft, cashmere sweater as he put the basket onto a table in the front entry way.

He turned back to face her, his eyes inscrutable. "My brother lives, here. His wife just had a baby. That means I have a new nephew to spoil. Where else would I be?" He waived her into the family room, leading the way.

"I don't know," she said, looking at the floor. "I thought you'd be at work at this time of the day."

Gus turned around, one eyebrow raised. "It's Saturday Alana. You're the only one who works themselves to death. At least according to your father, anyway."

"What does my father have to do with this conversation?"

Gus shrugged his shoulders. "I've been talking to him and he mentioned how hard you're working. Trying to kill yourself?"

"No."

"Ah, then you're just trying to forget me."

"I don't think that's possible."

"Then the only other explanation is that you're trying to keep so busy that you don't think about me."

Alana's eyes widened at his perceptiveness.

Gus sighed heavily. "Don't give me too much credit, Alana. I didn't read your mind. I've just been doing the same thing so I recognize the symptoms. And I know you feel the same way about me that I do about you so it was a logical assumption."

Alana turned away. "I'll come back another time to see the baby."

"No, come on in. I'll leave."

He didn't wait for her answer but finished leading her to the large family room. Laci was propped up on the sofa, a tiny baby wrapped in a blanket was sleeping in her arms.

Alana was instantly mesmerized by the newborn.

"Do you want to hold Danielle?"

Alana quickly nodded her head. "But I don't want to wake her up."

"Don't worry. You won't. I just finished feeding her."

Alana carefully took the bundle from Laci, then cradled the beautiful child in her arms, noting the perfect features and tuft of black hair on the center of her head. "She's beautiful Laci."

"Thank you. I agree," Laci replied, smiling hugely at her sweet little daughter.

"Where's Adam?" Alana asked, taking the seat next to Laci on the sofa.

"Sal took him out for a while. Adam was feeling a little dejected after all the excitement of his little sister being born."

"Was he with his grandparents while you were in the hospital?"

"No. He was with Gus."

Alana's eyes immediately shot up to look for the man and found him leaning against the doorway, his hands in the pockets of his jeans and an intense look in his eyes as he watched Alana hold little Danielle.

"I'll leave you two alone," he said and pushed himself away from the wall. "Laci, if you need anymore help, just give me a call. Otherwise, I'll see you tomorrow." Without another word or look at Alana, he left the room. The front door of the house slammed shut a moment later.

Alana's eyes never left the doorway he'd just vacated. "He looks awaful," Alana thought and then realized that she'd said it out loud.

"I know," Laci agreed. "He's been taking care of Adam for the past few days but I don't think that's the cause of his haggard appearance. Anything you want to tell me?" Laci asked.

Alana sighed, wishing she could confide in her friend. But she didn't think it was appropriate, with Gus being her brother in law. "No." Alana pasted a smile on her face and looked down at the baby. "How was the delivery?" she asked.

"Much easier than the first time," Laci said with feeling. "And I'll be sure to be more careful this time around. I'm not ready to conceive the third as quickly as I conceived the second." The two of them talked for two hours. Danielle finally woke up and sweetly demanded more food. She didn't seem confused to find herself in someone else's arms.

"Here's your mommy," Alana said, gently laying the baby in Laci's arms. "I'd better get going. Are you going back to work soon?"

"No, I think I'll be taking a little more time off with this one. I want to spend more time with both Adam and Danielle. Maybe in about four or five months I'll go back part time," she said. Laci was one of the top lawyers in Washington, D.C. having made a great reputation for herself in the area of contract negotiations.

Alana watched as the tiny infant's hands waived erratically in the air. The child cooed softly, nowhere near the decibel level she would be yelling in a few months. "Well, if you ever need company or a baby sitter for a few hours, please give me a call."

Laci smiled down at her beautiful daughter, patting her soft head before responding. "Thank, I'll probably take you up on that offer. I'm in heaven now but in a few weeks, the sleep deprivation will definitely kick in and I'll love a break when I can just sleep for a few, uninterrupted hours."

Alana hugged her friend and let herself out of the house, feeling depressed. She desperately wanted to have a family. She wanted to have a family with Gus, she revised. Before she met him, she'd been able to smother her wish to have children knowing that it was out of her reach. Alana had decided that she'd rather live without a family of her own rather than deal with the pain of deceit.

Alana was walking up the sidewalk to Ellie's office, thinking about Gus and how wonderful he made her feel. Sal wouldn't ever cheat on Laci. That man was completely enamored of his wife and she with him. Their lives were complete with just their immediate family but they had so much more. They had brothers and sisters, nieces and nephews.

Alana wondered what it was like to live in such a large family. She'd had a small taste of it that Sunday when she'd shared their Sunday lunch with them. That had been a wonderful afternoon. It was a little crazy, but their family was closely knit and helped each other out more than anyone she'd ever known.

Gus had told her about their Christmas mornings and the chaos they rolled up to be. Each of the families celebrated Christmas morning separately, then they gathered together in the afternoon or early evening, depending on nap schedules, and opened more presents, had dinner together, then relaxed as the kids played with their new toys or fell asleep on their parent's lap. It sounded like something out of a Norman Rockwell painting.

Gus's brother Thomas wouldn't ever cheat on his wife, Victoria, either. Their two wonderful boys also kept them in line, she thought with a smile.

Alana stopped thinking about Gus. She forced a smile as she walked into Ellie's office.

Ellie watched as Alana took off her coat and hung it on the back of the door. Alana's face was so white and so thin it looked like she had seen a ghost. The twinkle was gone from her friends face as well. It was a twinkle that had appeared a few months ago, right when things started appearing in the newspaper in connection with a handsome man. "I haven't seen you in this kind of mood for a few years. What's going on?" Ellie asked, leaning back in her chair and lacing her fingers over her ample stomach.

Alana sighed and dropped into one of the chairs in front of Ellie's desk. She knew she'd been moping around and it wasn't fair to the rest of the staff to have to deal with an emotional wreck. "I'm sorry. Have any of the kids noticed?"

Ellie chuckled at Alana's concerns. "Are you kidding? They're all too worried about the next boy that's going to ask them out or when their tutor is going to arrive. You've got these kids going in so many wonderful directions that they finally have a chance to be kids. But you didn't answer my question."

"How are the new computers working?"

Ellie folded her hands together and leaned forward, her elbows braced on her desk. "They're fine," she said seriously. "Stop thinking about the rest of the world for five minutes and talk to me. Be just a little self-centered for once."

Alana looked out the window and noticed the trees that were changing color. She wished she were still a teenager and didn't have all the baggage of her past.

"He's not Brian, you know," Ellie said quietly when her friend didn't respond.

Alana's smile was brittle. "That's what my father said."

"Well, when two of your most trusted advisors say the same thing, why are you hesitating? Go out and propose to that man!"

She tried to smile but it might have come across as a grimace. "Too late. He's already asked."

Ellie's eyes widened. "And you said yes, of course, right?"

"No. Not to any of the proposals."

Ellie leaned forward again with those words. "You mean that gorgeous, wonderful, funny, intelligent man proposed to you twice?"

She raised a shoulder daintily. "I've actually lost count of the number of proposals."

"Alana Mason, you march right out of here, drive over to that man's house and accept his proposal now! You're in love with him and he's in love with you, if any of those pictures are even slightly representative of his feelings for you."

"He's never said he loves me."

"He might not have said the words, but don't actions mean more to you than anything? You, of all the people in the world, should see through the verbal garbage and watch what a person is saying by how they act around you."

"It's not that easy, Ellie," she shuddered.

"Sure it is. You've told these kids the same thing all the time. Trust your gut."

"How am I trusting my gut?" Alana laughed.

"You fell in love with the man. Heart and soul, from what I can see of your moping for the past few weeks. If your heart says that he's worthy of those kinds of feelings, ignore your mind and listen to what your soul is telling you."

"It's too hard," she said.

"No, you're making it harder than it should be. You love the man. He loves you. There's nothing more to think about."

Alana didn't say anything. She just stared at Ellie for a long time, wishing she could accept that kind of simplicity.

Ellie sighed heavily, knowing that Alana was too cautious for her own good. "Think about Brian, you're one mistake in your entire life," she said, leaning forward as she looked intensely at Alana.

"What about him?" Alana asked, wishing she'd never met the self-centered, awful, ego-centric jerk.

"Tell me the things that you don't like or respect about him."

Alana thought back to that awful four month period. "Well, top of the list would be the fact that he cheated on me. In my own bed."

"And with his secretary. Pretty cliche, don't you think?" Ellie pointed out.

"His temporary secretary," Alana corrected. "Brian never could keep a long term secretary. He was too demanding and belittling."

"Another bad quality, if you ask me. Anyone who doesn't treat their staff well doesn't deserve to have one," Ellie said, smacking her palm against the desk for emphasis. "How long has Gus had his current secretary?"

Alana didn't know the specific number of years, but she knew it had been a long time. "I'm not sure."

"Longer than a few weeks, though. Right?"

Alana sighed, giving in on the point. "Yes," she said.

"And can you imagine Gus ever sleeping with her? I'm assuming it is a woman but I guess I shouldn't."

Alana laughed. "Yes, it is a woman and no, I can't imagine Gus sleeping with Donna. She'd probably snap his head off if he even made a pass at her. She's a very assertive woman," Alana said. She'd only spoken to Donna on the phone a few times but had a great deal of respect for the woman's professionalism and efficiency.

"Good. That's one thing that the two men don't have in common," Ellie said. "What else?"

"Gus is tall," Alana laughed.

"Two things!" Ellie said, making a checkmark in the air. "Gus is pretty handsome too. I never thought Brian was a very attractive sort. And he doesn't have enough hair," she added with a wicket smile. "Not that there aren't some extremely attractive bald men. Sean Connery for one," she said.

Alana agreed. "Yes. He has those going for him as well. So if height, looks and extra hair follicles were all that is necessary, then I'd jump onto the Gus band wagon."

Ellie wasn't having any of that. "Now your just treading backwards to be obstinate," she said. "We've already established that Gus has integrity and respect going for him. Forget the hair follicle count and go for what's inside the man! You've hooked a good one. And if you don't go get him, hog tie him to you with a wedding band as soon as you can find the man, then you're nuts."

Alana wished life were that simple. "We should start planning the Thanksgiving dinner and Christmas party, shouldn't we?" she asked, changing the subject to something she could handle. Talk about loving Gus was too painful.

Ellie's lips thinned slightly but she had said her peace so she could move along with the conversation. They started brainstorming on themes and upcoming events. Alana felt slightly better now that she had another project to start on.

Later that afternoon, she was staring out the window of her bedroom. Ellie's words had hit home although she wasn't ready to act on them. Ellie had been right. Gus was wonderful. And he wouldn't ever do what Brian had done.

She watched as the late afternoon sun started sinking into the horizon. The clouds were scattered all over the sky which made the blue change to red, pink, purple and fuscia. Was she strong enough to face an uncertain future with Gus? Did he love her enough? He hadn't ever said he loved her, she reminded herself. He'd only said he wanted to marry her. She'd take the love over the marriage any day. She wanted Gus' love more than anything. Apparently, everyone knew that she loved him. Had she made such a fool of herself over him? Probably not. But it had been obvious, she knew.

Alana turned away from the setting sun and checked her day planner for the evening's schedule. For some reason, she had trouble keeping track of what was next on her calendar lately. She had to constantly refer to her planner. She knew she'd packed way to much into each day. But the alternative was to stand around and look out the window, second guessing her resolve to not contact Gus.

She was being silly and scared, she thought. She walked over to the phone and started to dial his phone number. She wanted to tell him that she was ready for a relationship with him. Unfortunately, right before she punched in the last number, she lost her nerve. He'd want marriage. He didn't want just a relationship. Could she do it? Could she marry him?

Of course she could, she told herself and picked up the phone again. Five seconds later, she let the receiver drop into it's cradle again.

Tomorrow. She'd call him tomorrow. Alana didn't want to do anything on the spur of the moment. Those kinds of decisions were always rash and tended to be wrong. This decision was too important to get wrong.

That night was the opening of a new branch of the museum in downtown Washington. Her father had donated a large sum to help the museum so they were invited to a gala that night to celebrate. Alana didn't really want to attend but she didn't want to sit at home and think about Gus again. So she pulled out a dress from her closet, not really caring what she wore.

She dressed in a midnight blue, floor length beaded gown with spaghetti straps. Alana smiled nostalgically as she thought back to the day she'd bought the dress. She had been in a bold mood that day, wanting to try something new and different instead of her more simple and elegant dresses. This one made a much louder statement. It was sexier, more vibrant and definitely emboldening.

She felt stronger the moment she put it on. She stepped into strappy blue sandals and liked the way her father's eyes widened when she walked down the stairs.

Ed liked seeing his daughter feeling better. The look in her eyes told him that it was a facade but anything was better than the gloom and doom that had been hanging over the house for the past few weeks. "Feeling better?" he asked, chuckling to himself. It was definitely going to be a night to remember, he thought.

"Not really but I was hoping everyone else would think so." She braced herself for the night ahead. She'd have to face several of her friends who would ask about Gus and what their relationship was. She hoped she could brush off their questions or, at a minimum, answer them honestly. What the truth was, she wasn't exactly sure.

He tucked her hand inside his arm and escorted her out the door to their car.

Once in the car, she turned to her father. "What do you know about the Attracelli family?" she asked.

Ed glanced at his daughter in surprise. "Not much. I know they run one of the largest conglomerates in the country. It was started by Gus' father about fifty years ago. The oldest brother runs it," he said.

"Yes, Sal. I know that. But what do you know about them personally?"

"Hmm... Well, I don't know much about them personally. I've only dealt with Gus on a professional level and thought he was extremely fair but tough. He knew what he wanted and negotiated a tough deal that turned out to be very fair on both sides."

"So you don't know if..."

"What you're trying to ask is if I think Gus is going to hurt you. The answer is yes. One day he'll probably hurt your feelings. Will he leave you?" he turned to make sure she was listening. "No. He won't. Will you live in complete harmony day after day? I can pretty much guarantee that you won't. Will you love it?" He paused to let his words sink in. "Yes. I think he'll make you deliriously happy. You're afraid of taking a chance again, Alana. And that's not like you. You've always been cautious but you've never cut people out of your life like this and huddled inside your misery."

"I don't want to repeat history."

"Only you can decide if Gus is worth that kind of risk. Personally, I've seen you over the past few months and I've seen you for the past few weeks. Which time period do you think is more satisfying?"

"I know," she started. "You're right."

"So what are you doing escorting an old man like me to a boring museum event? Wouldn't you rather head over and make nice with Gus?"

Alana laughed at her father's words. "Make nice?" she teased. "Where did you get that turn of phrase?"

Ed chuckled, glad that he was able to make her laugh again. "I don't know. Probably from the ice age. It was cold back then," he said.

"You're not that old," she said as they pulled up outside the museum. The valet instantly opened her car door and helped her out, then ran around to her father's side of the car to park it.

Alana was drinking champagne and listening to a couple drone on and on about their new house they'd bought. Apparently it was ocean front and they were paying "out the nose" for hurricane and flood insurance. Alana was not interested, not being a huge fan of beaches in particular. She was instantly alert and looked around, spotting Gus the moment he walked into the room.

He looked incredibly dashing in his tuxedo. Alana almost tripped over the man behind her as she tried to hide from Gus' view. But it was too late. He'd already spotted her and his look froze her in place.

His eyes traveled from the top of her head with her hair piled on top with small ringlets escaping down the sides, down her dress, making her feel hot, all the way down to her toes. Then his eyes sliced back up to hers and she saw the anger.

With that look, he moved in the opposite direction, positioning himself at the bar.

Gus took in the crowd and found the one person he wanted to see. Unfortunately, she was wearing a dress that revealed more than he wanted anyone else to see. Her blue, sparkly dress was low cut and sexy as hell. He gritted his teeth as he noticed the slit that showed off her slim thigh.

Instead of making a fool of himself over her yet again, he went over to the bar and ordered a scotch, slamming the first one down immediately and asking for another.

He glanced at his watch and promised himself that he'd only endure this place for fifteen minutes. Gus had volunteered to come tonight since Michael had some sort of problem at work he needed to solve. Gus suspected that there was a woman involved but that was okay. Gus didn't have any obligations and, since Alana was obviously trying to lure some other sucker into her arms with that dress, he had no intention of spending the evening listening to boring discussions on how wonderful the new museum was.

Gus was sipping his second scotch and counting down the minutes until he could leave. He had nine more minutes, then he was out the door. A man walked up and stood next to him. He looked vaguely familiar but Gus couldn't place him.

"She's pretty gorgeous, isn't she?"

"I'm sorry?"

"We've never been formally introduced. I'm Brian Higgins. We met a few months ago at one of these other events. At the time, we were both panting after the same woman that night as well."

"Excuse me?" Gus said, obviously offended by the short man's wording.

"Alana Mason, formerly Alana Higgins."

Gus's mind worked quickly but he had a hard time making the connection. "What are you talking about?"

"Alana," he said, as if that should explain the whole conversation.

"What about her?" Gus asked, scanning the room and instantly finding her. She was talking to someone he didn't know but he could tell that she was under a strain. Good, he thought. He hoped she wasn't sleeping just like he wasn't.

"I guess you've discovered what I found out. Kind of a cold fish in bed, huh? Good thing you dumped her. Marriage was not a fun time with her."

Gus's senses were in overdrive. He turned to face the man. "Are you telling me that you were married to Alana Mason?" Gus didn't know that Alana had been married before. Suddenly, that explained so much.

"In another life," he joked. "Be grateful you got out when you could. Like I said, cold fish. But you probably know that, huh?"

Gus tried to control her fury. He wanted to know what the man had done to Alana and had made Gus' life a living hell for the past few weeks. Instinctively, Gus knew that this man was the reason for Alana's resistance to marriage. "What did you do to her?"

"Nothing, really," he chuckled. "It was what I did to my secretary that she didn't like."

All the pieces fell into place. Alana wouldn't accept his proposal because she'd been married to this slime-bag who cheated on her and is proud of it. That was why she wouldn't marry him. Alana was afraid she couldn't keep his interest sexually because she couldn't keep this man's interest.

"How long were you married?" Gus asked, the words almost strangling out of him. He didn't like the idea of this man touching Alana. She was his and no one was going to touch her except him.

"Only four months before she walked in on us," the man chuckled. "Not a good idea," he said, shaking his head at the memory. "It was probably the fastest divorce in history, though. She got out of that within three months."

"Is that short?"

"Well, since you generally have a waiting period, yes. Three months is pretty short. But then daddy's money goes a long way."

Gus carefully put down his scotch, then turned to walk away. "Excuse me," he said, trying to be polite even though the man's presence offended him. He was five feet away when he stopped. He looked up at the ceiling for a moment. Before Brian understood what was going to happen, Gus had turned around, walked back to the bar and punched him with a right hook, knocking him to the ground with a bloody nose.

Gus looked at the man with satisfaction. He was holding his nose as blood gushed out. Gus hoped he'd broken the man's nose. He deserved it. "That's for hurting an incredible woman," he said. Without another word, he turned and walked into the crowd that was now staring at the two of them in horror. Gus didn't even mind the fact that his fist hurt after that punch.

No one stopped him as he moved across the room. In fact, the crowd seemed to part as he walked directly in Alana's direction.

Alana sensed something strange come over the room full of people and she stopped in mid-sentence, feeling her senses come alive. She turned in the direction the rest of the crowd was looking and inhaled sharply.

Gus was walking towards her, his eyes never leaving her face. The expression on his face was a mystery to her. She wasn't sure if he was still furious or not. She took a step back but by the time she thought to move, he was already upon her, looking down at her face with an enigmatic expression in his eyes.

"I'm not Brian," he said, quietly enough so only she could hear him.

"I'll never cheat on you," he continued and took her hands in his. "I love you, you love me, we're driving each other nuts by not being with each other. We're getting married."

Alana's eyes were wide and, at the first of his words, she tried to pull her hands out of his. But he wouldn't let go of her as he continued.

Gus shook his hands when she tried to pull away. "I'm not asking anymore. You'll only say no." With that, he leaned down, dipping her precipitously low over his arm and kissed her with all the pent up passion he felt inside. Alana was unable to resist him and her arms wound around his neck. For the first time in her life, she forgot about the rest of the world and lived only in the moment, unaware of the crowd cheering and clapping all around them as they looked on appreciatively of the romantic gesture.

Once Gus broke off the kiss, he stood up, lifted her into his arms and carried her out of the museum. Again, no one in the crowd slowed them down as they headed for the exit. In fact, they quickly stepped out of Gus's path, more than willing to allow the two the privacy they obviously wanted.

Gus didn't take her back to her house. He drove them to his apartment. Once they were behind closed doors, Gus took her in his arms and kissed her until she was dizzy with desire.

"Well?" he asked as he picked her up in his arms again, heading for his bedroom.

"Well, what?" she asked, her arms still wrapped around his neck.

"Tell me you're going to marry me," he said, exasperated but loving the way she was looking at him. He felt powerful and whole again with her lovely blue eyes staring up at him, showing him that she wanted him just as much as he wanted her.

"I didn't hear a question this time," she said, laughing at his expression.

"Alana," he growled, "Admit you love me," he demanded as he put her on her feet next to his bed.

"I love you," she said, laughing slightly at his frustration.

He instantly relaxed. "Tell me you'll marry me," he said, pulling the pins out of her hair.

"I'll marry you," she said and started unbuttoning his shirt, desperate to feel his chest and the heat in him.

"Finally," he said and took her mouth with his.

"I love you too," he said before slipping her dress off her shoulders.

Alana and Gus rushed out the door the following morning. They had to stop at Alana's father's house to change, then get over to the church in time for the morning service.

Neither Alana nor Gus realized that their pictures made the gossip column the next day, nor did they care.

