Part One: My Werewolf Prince Commands

Domenico Moretti gazed down at the young woman walking swiftly towards his building, a twenty-floor skyscraper that was one of the innumerable properties he owned. He was - to put it simply - an extremely wealthy man, yet he knew instinctively that wouldn't matter to her - just as she would likely be indifferent to the fact that he was one of the most eligible bachelors in the world. A hackneyed phrase to be sure, but one he also deserved. For four years straight he had his lawyers constantly send legal notices to People's magazine to ensure that he would not make it to its list of Sexiest People Alive. His kind shunned such publicity, for more than the usual reasons.

Then again, Domenico had a feeling he would still have chosen her even if she happened to be a shameless golddigger. Pressed for time as he was, he would settle for just about any woman who could truly accept him for what he was, fur and all.

His eyes strayed back to the woman he was observing.

Her dark hair was so straight it didn't curl inward to frame her face. It simply shot straight past her shoulders, revealing her ears, which were adorned by a pair of tiny silver hoops. Long lashes made her gray eyes more defined. They dominated her small, heart-shaped face and complemented her rosebud lips. Those lips begged to be kissed and Domenico knew sometime today, they would be. She wore a loose white blouse matched with a black skirt that flared wide from the waist, emphasizing its trimness even while it also served to conceal most of her magnificent legs away from sight.

He supposed she wanted to keep her curves hidden, but if she did then she had failed drastically. Loose as her blouse was, there was no denying how her bountiful br**sts strained against its confines, pushing against the thin cotton, a tantalizing hint of her gloriously voluptuous body. Perhaps she wanted to imitate the toothpick figures most women had today? One day, he would tell her she had no reason to aspire for another woman's figure. Her curves were a rare blessing - made to be shaped by a man's hands.

His hands.

And nobody else's.

Misty Wall.

He smiled at the irony - the oxymoron that made up her name. A misty wall? There must be a reason why she was named like that. His kind was superstitious, after all. For them, everything in this world had a meaning to it, a deeper purpose to fulfill.

"Mine," he couldn't help whispering, couldn't help staking a claim.

She stopped just before entering the rotating glass doors of his lobby, raising a hand to shield her eyes from the sun. Then she looked up.

Her gaze was an arrow striking his heart, making him catch his breath, freezing him in place.

It was as if she was looking up at him, sensing his regard even though he was hundreds of feet above her, an unseen figure behind tinted windows. Even this far from her he could feel the tug of sexual attraction, a promise of the intense chemistry that would explode between them once they finally - irrevocably - cross paths.

It was a connection, he thought with satisfaction as she took one last look before disappearing into the building.

Domenico took that as a good omen for the wedding he had already planned, never mind if the bride he had so carefully chosen didn't know about it yet.

Chapter One

8:12 AM

A crack is exactly what's going to happen to my head if I have to read one more word of the report. The rest of the words printed in a squint-inducing font size swims before my eyes. I take a deep breath.

I can do this, I can do this.

The pep talk doesn't work on my eyelids, and they fall heavily close.

I shake myself awake, forcing my eyes to open. I am going to pry them open with screws if I have to.

God, I'm bored.

10:24 AM

Tony stops at my desk, Cubicle #55. It is the end of the line, a long way from home for Tony, who occupies Cubicle #07 at the East section of the office. I've noticed him since day 1, not because I like him or anything - we're batting for the same team - but mostly because I'm fascinated at his ability to wear bowties with everything. I've seen him pair it with tuxes (acceptable), leather jackets (questionable), and even a sleeveless Hanes undershirt (remarkable)!

"Hi, Tony!" I hope it's not obvious I'm dying for even the tiniest bit of interaction. The organizational hierarchy of Moretti Inc. is very easy to understand. Each promotion gets you a bigger cubicle and - eventually - a move to a higher floor until you reach the 17th, where the corporation's five top executives work in the lap of luxury. They have their own gym as well as an indoor pool, a regularly stocked bar, and their own shiatsu therapist.

I work at the Administration Department. We share 4/F with Maintenance, and we're the level directly above the building's two-floor indoor parking. You get the picture, right?

Admin is a death trap. I've been to most floors, being everyone's favorite errand girl, and none of them is as murderously tedious as Admin. Most floors are like beehives, people constantly rushing around. They're too busy to bitch at each other - like the women in my department frequently do.

But Admin?

Let's just say that if Moretti Inc. was a hospital, our floor would be Ze Morgue and we're all its zombie attendants.

Tony wordlessly hands me a stapled set of papers.

Absently tucking my hair behind my ears - I usually keep it tied but I couldn't find my elastic band this morning - I thanked Tony for taking the Supplies Inventory Update Report to me. "I can get it from your cubicle next time---"

But I'm already talking to his back.

Like most people in Ze Morgue, Tony doesn't think I'm worth even the semblance of small talk. It's not just because I'm an unpaid intern, which basically means I get the privilege of being at everyone's beck and call. No, what really makes me Ms. (Un)Popular here is the fact that I've also been hired to be their Grammar Nazi.

As proofreader and copy editor, I get to know all their dirtiest secrets on paper. Suffice to say, it doesn't endear me to the rest of the zombies one bit. They've even gone as far as exiling me to an isolated corner of the office, since Cubicle 55 has the honor of being located between the door and the giant trash bins.

Supervisor Ed - he's the guy I report to - says I've been moved to this gloriously exclusive spot because my esteemed colleagues think the location's strategic. Being next to the constantly swinging doors - which occasionally send my papers flying all around the office - is supposed to remind everyone to get their stuff spell-checked before they leave the office.

I had nodded and pretended I'm as clueless as he is. I didn't have the heart to break his illusions about his happy place by letting Ed know that all was not fine in Ze Morgue.

I try to concentrate at Tony's document but fail. Sometimes, their hatred really gets to me because I know I don't deserve it. It's not my fault that the orphanage I came from only had Scrabble as a board game. Honestly, I wished it was Monopoly instead.

Glancing at the report like it could detonate any moment, I take another deep breath before diving straight into yet another grammatical quagmire.

SUPPLIES INVENTORY UPDATE

Four (4) AA batterys

Forteen (14) ballpens (black)

Three (3) AAA batterys

"Misty?"

I perk up. Tony's back and - even better - he knows my name! Most people here call me Minnie. I tell myself it's accidental and not because I'm so wimpy I remind them of a mouse.

I beam up at Tony, all the while crossing my fingers under the desk. Please let him not ask about how he's doing. It's such a friendship killer.

He returns my smile with an upper curl with his lip. "I forgot to change something in my update."

Oh. Right. Maybe he's too busy for a friendly chat. There's always tomorrow.

I give Tony his papers back.

"Thanks," he says stiffly a moment later.

I look back at the document, wondering which of his mistakes he's corrected.

SUPPLIES INVENTORY UPDATE

Four (4) Five (5) AA batterys

Forteen (14) ballpens (black)

Three (3) AAA batterys

Right.

It's time for another breathing exercise.

After, I pick up my red-ink pen with a sigh. Tony's going to hate me even more when he gets his update report back and sees all the red circles, strikethroughs, and text inserts I'm about to make.

God, I'm bored.

12:00 NN

Lunch break in Moretti Inc. is a torture. Outcasts like me eat alone. Taking my lunch bag from the bottom drawer of my table, I lock everything up and quickly leave Cubicle 85 and the rest of Ze Morgue behind me before the zombies blast me with their pitying looks again. If they pity me so much, why don't they just give me a chance and let me have lunch with them?

But of course I know the answer to that. They don't really pity me. They just plain hate my guts for whatever reason.

Finding a private space to enjoy my peanut butter sandwich and orange juice is never easy. You see, my workplace also happens to be one of the city's major tourist attractions, thanks to its 18th floor viewing deck, which continues to snap architectural awards left and right. Veganista is also located on that floor, a world-renowned restaurant that caters exclusively to human herbivores. It's always fully booked for months ahead, but twenty of its 200-plus seats are reserved every day for walk-in patrons. The lines for those twenty seats sometimes force me to take the stairs instead.

I take a short trip to the ground floor lobby to see if there are any available spaces on the lounge areas left. There's none, with every seat occupied by Asian tourists. I smack my forehead. I forgot about that. A memo's been posted about it since last week, telling us that we're having busloads of tourists from China for some cultural exchange project Moretti Inc. has with a Beijing company.

Stepping back into the private employees' elevator, which is surprisingly empty, I swipe my card then punch 5 on the digital keyboard. It's where the library and records center is, and in the two months I've been working here I've never bumped into another soul there.

I take out my peanut butter sandwich and start eating. It's been my favorite since my orphanage days, mostly because we only get to choose between this and rice broth for breakfast. My BFF then, a Chinese girl named Mei Li, was the only one who went for the rice broth. Nothing against it, but my Western mind's been preconditioned to only have it when I'm burning with fever in bed.

But there's always a first for everything, I think moments later with a sinking heart. The good news: there are finally employees than myself who appreciate what 5/F has to offer. The bad news: we don't appreciate it for the same reasons. I come here for the free books, these two come here for the free --- privacy, I guess? Or so they thought.

In full view from the elevators is Janice Rudely, the glamazon lipstick monster who works as receptionist of Ze Morgue. She's on her knees, head bobbing up and down, like a constantly bowing servant.

Before her is William Grant, the balding octogenarian mid-management executive from 10th floor, pants pooled around his ankles.

Ding-dong. It's the elevator, alerting the lovers to the fact that they have a reluctant Peeping Tom in their midst.

Oh, shick.

It's a word I made up for the twins and me so we don't end up swearing in front of Nicole and Andy. And if this moment isn't shicky then I don't know what is.

I spin back to the elevator, stuffing my half-eaten sandwich into my mouth so I can slam my free hand on the down button.

Sharp fingers dig deep into my shoulder.

SHICK!

Clawed into place, I turn around to face Janice with a weak smile, but she's clearly less than thrilled to see me.

"Hello, Janice." But the words come out all wrong since I'm speaking with my mouth full.

In the background, I see William Grant hastily tucking his shirt back into his pants, which are still unzipped, revealing a protruding, limp---

I do my best not to gag.

For the love of---

That was so---

Okay, I'm gagging.

"Fuck!" Janice jumps back as I puke out the last bites of my sandwich on the carpet. "God, you're gross!"

I was gross? That's rich, coming from a woman who thinks nothing of---

I gag again.

"You will not tell anyone what you saw."

I nod in wholehearted agreement. In fact, I'm already wishing I can forget the entire nightmarish episode.

"Swear it," she screeches.

"I swear," I mumble, wiping my mouth with the back of my hand. I take several gulps from my plastic tumbler. Powdered juice has never tasted this great.

"I'll kill you when I hear one word about this," she says when I finally force myself to meet her eyes again.

"I already promised I won't." If I do, I'd have to recount every second of what happened, including what I saw---

I gag for the tenth time.

Her face has hardened into a stony mask when I recover from my last puke fest. Maintenance will kill me for this.

"One word," she hisses.

I force myself not to rear back. This woman's terrifying when she's mad. She looks like she wants to eat me. The only time I've been this scared was when the kids had corralled me to watching Paranormal Activity 4 with them.

Her mascara-heavy eyes bore through me. "Not a word."

"Not a word," I repeat nevertheless, trying not to sound too fervent as I do.

The elevator's bell rings again, this time like a boxing referee and it's a draw so far. Janice walks past me and into the elevator head held high.

William follows, but when he reaches my side, he whispers in an oily voice, "Let me know if you want the same thing."

I rush to the restroom even before the doors close on their faces. There goes the rest of my lunch.

4:35 PM

My phone makes a beep. It's Nanette, my foster mother.

I need $200. Withdraw on your way home.

OK, I text back. It's not like I have a choice. She actually steals Andy's allowance when I don't. Andy - who's five years old and the most adorable boy in the world. In my lowest days, I think of her as a pedophile because she preys on kids as much as pervs - just without the sex. But most time, I try to fool myself with some feel-good Ellen DeGeneres philosophy. Forgive her, for she knows not what she does. Pray for her, so that she may go to Hell.

There's another beep. This time it's from Kevin. He's three years younger at eighteen and he and Kelly are closest to my age. The orphanage says that the twins are half-American, half-something-European. Apparently, a still-anonymous woman had made the mistake of literally dumping the twins in the arms of a semi-deaf nun. When she took the twins to the orphanage, she couldn't remember whether the woman had said the twins' name was Pedro/Pedra or Petro/Petra.

Personally, I think they're half-Italian, but Nicole insists the twins look half-Greek. Something about their swarthy complexions and all that. I'm just three credits away from having my Mass Communication degree, but even I don't know what swarthy means. Whatever. Kids these days are so nerdy it's uncool.

Still, it doesn't really matter either way since the twins don't give a shick about their lineage - to the point of opting for the Americanized names of Kevin and Kelly when Nanette adopted them.

I tap on the unopened message in my inbox.

Nanette has another.

Shick. Drat. FRACK.

I'm blaming Angelina Jolie for this. It's her fault that Nanette's turned foster care and adoption into a lifelong business.

I hurriedly text Kevin back. We'll fix it later.

4:45 PM

"Misty?" It's Ed again, but this time he doesn't look into my eyes. He pulls on his collar, which he has a reason for doing since it's buttoned all the way up, choking him with the stiffness of its starched fabric.

"Yes?"

"You're, ahh, asked to go to the CEO's office at the penthouse."

My heart stops beating.

Interns don't get called by the CEO for nothing. The word 'intern' isn't even supposed to exist in a CEO's vocabulary unless---

It's Janice and William, I think to myself dully. They hadn't trusted me to keep my mouth shut so they've concocted some wild story to get me fired by the CEO himself. Fracking apeholes. Cunning of them but really - apeholes.

I clear my throat. Maybe Ed's heard wrong. Maybe it's Do...Donaldo from 14/F who's looking for me and not the Big Boss himself. "If you're really sure," I say slowly, silently begging him not to be sure.

Ed still doesn't meet my eyes. "I received the call myself," he mumbles. "He even gave your complete name, Misty," he adds unhappily.

What the hell did those two apeholes tell the CEO anyway? That I grammatically sabotaged their papers or something? It's not like I can do anything else.

Ed coughs, drawing my attention back to him. I have a feeling he wants to wish me good luck but doesn't want to because that means something is wrong. And nothing can be wrong in his happy place.

He's a good man, really. Nerdy, meek, but a good guy still. I'm secretly terrified I'll be like him if my life doesn't change in the next few years.

Wait -

I shouldn't be terrified. I should be ecstatic. Boring is good. Boring is safe. Boring puts food on the table and doesn't get called out by the CEO to get royally fired.

Why do you listen to me, God? I'm stupid. I don't know what I'm asking for. Don't listen to me again.

The walk to the elevator is like the green mile, and I feel the zombies of Ze Morgue grinning behind me. The elevator's mirrored walls taunt me with my reflection. It's saying - you don't look boring enough. That should teach me and my big, fat mental mouth.

It's a long way up to 19/F, with people coming and going nonstop. I while away the journey by reviewing what I know about Domenico Moretti.

He's 29 - eight years older than I am. Or make that seven in a few months' time. He's the eldest in a brood of six, with extraordinary Italian dark good looks - so much so he's had to file a TRO against a supermodel who's gone maniacally obsessive over him when their one-night stand ended.

All the business journals describe him as "ruthless" and "cunning". Moretti Inc. only used to do business in Italy and the United States, but when Domenico took over less than 10 years ago, he turned the family business into a global empire by taking a couple of mind-blowingly risky gambles which paid off.

The doors open one last time for me as the elevator arrives at 19/F.

It's my first time to be here since this floor is strictly by-invitation only. According to the office grapevine, there are only 3 reasons you can get an invitation to the hallowed offices of the CEO. You either pissed or pleased someone very high in Moretti Inc. - so much you're worth a thirty-second congratulatory message delivered personally by the great Domenico Moretti himself - or you're a female who's hit the jackpot by snagging a highly-coveted invite to his private orgy room, which rumors say are hidden somewhere in this floor.

His secretary, a stern-looking woman in her forties named Evelyn, look at me with genuine pity in her eyes.

Oh, shick.

"Do you have a restroom somewhere?" I'm about to pee in my undies. I'm that scared.

To give her credit, she doesn't even blink and just gestures to the hall to her right. "There's a ladies' room at the end."

I do my business as quickly as I can because I don't want to leave Domenico Moretti waiting. I don't want to give the CEO even more ammunition against me.

Evelyn knocks twice before opening the door.

I trip on my way inside.

Her scent seduced and enslaved him the moment she came to his den.

Domenico had always been proud of how different he was from the rest of his kind. He never lost control, never let passion rule him the way others did.

But this once - this once he wanted to ignore his meticulously laid-out plan. Her scent alone made Domenico want to just f**k Misty into oblivion, f**k her hard until they both lost themselves in the pleasure of it.

Fate was truly on his side, he mused while listening to her hesitant steps toward his office. He could not have chosen any better. Of course, it would have been nice if she had happened to be of royal birth as well or perhaps the daughter of a senator - a Democrat preferably - but Domenico could work with what he had. Besides, the reports showed that one of her sisters, Nicole, who was a cross between a budding Machiavelli and Jackie O. If Domenico groomed her early enough, she could be the start of a new political dynasty.

He smiled when he heard Misty nervously asking his faithful secretary for the restroom. Then he frowned when he sniffed something else in the air - something unexpected. Every emotion had its own unique smell, and right now he could smell fear on her.

Why?

She should have been excited or curious at the very least.

He took the remote control on his desk, punched a few buttons, and the panel to his right parted, revealing a wall of monitors connected to the building's CCTV system.

He fast-forwarded the replay from the moment Misty left her office for lunch, his face darkening when he saw what happened to her at 5/F. It insulted him - it offended him very greatly that his future princess would be subjected to such a sight.

It made Domenico want to rip the old man apart and castrate him while he was at it. He was a very possessive man - yet another unusual trait among his kind. Others didn't mind sharing. All they cared about was the rut - the mindless raw sensations that came with pleasures of the flesh.

But he wasn't like that. Life had shaped him to go for what he wanted, to not stop until he had conquered what he desired - and keep it in his possession even if he no longer wanted it.

And right now, he wanted Misty with such fierce need it took every ounce of his control to keep still in his seat - to think before acting.

A red haze of rage blinded Domenico when he saw William whispering to Misty. He did not like seeing anyone coming on to her, and his fingers clenched around the remote control so hard he accidentally crushed into pieces.

Shit.

He took out the spare from one of his drawers and had the panel slide back into place. It wasn't that he made a habit of grinding remote controls. He just liked being prepared for every eventuality - and he never failed to do so until this. Until now. Until Misty.

Misty was coming. Her scent beckoned to him, a siren's call that Domenico's body strained to answer. His c**k had never felt this huge inside his pants, this near to bursting just because he was anticipating meeting a slip of a girl.

Damn. Domenico had not been prepared for this - had not made any contingency plan against this.

What would happen if he fell in love with Misty Wall?

Chapter Two

That the CEO's office is huge would be the understatement of the year. My whole house can fit here but still leave extra space for a garage - two or three cars, tops. The place is dimly lit, the blinds shielding the room from the fiery glow of the setting sun. The walls are bare and made of black-coated steel, the cerulean carpet muting the sound of my approach. Too bad it can't do the same for the pounding of my heart.

The ceilings have a weird look and feel to them, and it takes me a while to realize they appear that way because the entire office is soundproofed.

My eyes widen. Maybe there really is a pleasure house here somewhere.

A complete set of living room furniture is at the far end of the room. It even has its own liquor bar.

More seconds pass, but I know I can't keep delaying the inevitable. Unable to stand the silence any longer, I force myself to face the man sitting behind the vast - no, it's more majestic than vast - desk in the center of the room.

Ah.

I manage to swallow back the instinctive gasp that rises out of my throat, a shocked reaction to the unexpected wave of heat coming off from Domenico Moretti. I don't see much of the CEO, but what I do see is more than enough for me to know that this guy is hot. Intensely so - but it's the first time I find someone so literally hot that cold sweat actually starts bathing my skin.

"Sir?"

Shick. It sounds like I'm about to cry, which I don't want to do. I try again, and this time my voice comes out more confident, stronger. "Mr. Moretti? I was informed you wanted to speak with me."

A chuckle in the dark. Then a voice, lightly accented, soft but hard at the same time, like a wolf's growl. "I want something more than that, I'm afraid, but I suppose that will have to do for starters."

I'm --- I'm going to pretend there's no sexual innuendo behind those words.

This guy is Domenico Moretti, after all.

Since he's so used to having beautiful women throw themselves at his feet, why would he even bother hitting on me?

That makes sense, so I relax even as Mr. Moretti suddenly stands up and walks toward me. Why hasn't the fact that he's so incredibly tall been mentioned in company newsletters? I mean, they should have at least tried to prepare new employees like me. Warning: CEO Is A 6"4 Unsmiling Giant. Do Not Be Intimidated. He Does Not Bite. Something like that should have been included in our employee manuals at least.

The shadow behind Mr. Moretti makes him look taller, scarier, and - unfortunately - hotter, too. It's because he looks very mysterious, I suppose. I gulp, but I'm not sure if it's out of terror or excitement. Maybe a little of both.

"I know you're wondering why I've called for you."

I bite my lip.

"Do you have something to say, Ms. Wall?"

Shick. What Ed said was true. He really does know my name.

I bite my lip harder. I can't afford to be tactless since my entire career hinges on my internship here.

Mr. Moretti's voice turns silky, like a snake that's about to uncoil and spit poison. "I prefer to deal with honest people, Ms. Wall. I hope you keep that in mind from here on. If you have something to say - please do so."

Maybe it's just me, but that please sounds kind of threatening. Aware that what the CEO wishes has to be an intern's command, I say slowly, "I'm just surprised you actually know my name, Mr. Moretti."

I feel rather than see his smile, all the way to my toes, which curl in response. I've always thought myself frigid. It's just my luck to find out I'm as susceptible to lust as the rest when my job is on the line.

Mr. Moretti's voice drops an octave. "You'll be surprised at what I know about you, Ms. Wall - and how much I want to know more."

I'm going to pretend - again - that I did not hear anything suggestive in those words.

"You don't believe me?"

I fidget. Is this the time to be honest again?

"Then what would you say if I tell you that I know you are 21 years old, single, orphaned, adopted by Nanette Wall at age 7, with four foster siblings?"

I need a moment after that to pick my jaw up. It's just dropped to the floor. But it's a waste of time because my jaw just crashes back down when he continues, "There's possibly a new member for your family if you all decide to let your foster mother have her way."

Oh. My. God.

I have this nasty feeling he even knows I've never had sex and that I've a half-completed tattoo around my belly. It's supposed to be a sunburst design, but now it just looks like my belly button's grown horns. I only lasted two rays long before passing out.

But Mr. Moretti isn't finished.

"I also know what happened earlier between---" Mr. Moretti's voice turns steely. "---you, Janice Rudely, and William Grant."

Oh.

Shick.

I gag.

Again.

"I'm sorry," I say miserably minutes later inside the private washroom of Mr. Moretti, which - by the way - looks palatial. It has gold-plated taps, for God's sake. Doesn't that scream palatial? Or too much money for Domenico Moretti to know what to do with it?

"I have a really weak stomach." I speak without actually looking at him because under the extremely bright fluorescent pin lights of the washroom, it becomes impeccably clear why he needs to file TROs against supermodels.

If I look at him just once, I think he would have to file one against me, too.

"I understand," Mr. Moretti says smoothly. "The sight of William Grant's wrinkled dick would have made me throw up as well if I had been a woman."

The image of Mr. Moretti - who is pretty much manliness personified - throwing up because of offended feminine sensibilities makes me choke back an unexpected giggle.

"Are you all right now?"

I nod, still keeping my gaze trained anywhere except him.

"Then shall we go back to my office?" Without warning, he places his hand on the small of my back.

I jump away, unnerved at the electrifying jolt that zings through my body at Mr. Moretti's touch. "What's wrong?" he asks.

Before I know it, Mr. Moretti spins me around to face him.

I'm so fracked.

Domenico Moretti is beautiful. His hair may be cut ruthlessly short like a soldier's at the sides, but it doesn't make a difference to how silky smooth it appears, how just the sight of it begs for a woman's touch. I want to know how it feels, to run my fingers through his hair.

His eyes are impossibly green but dark - like leaves in the height of summer. His face looks as if it's been chiseled by God when He's at his happiest, without a smallest flaw to mar it. High cheekbones, an aristocratic nose, wonderfully naturally red lips, and a prominently strong jaw - perfection, in other words.

Mr. Moretti is only wearing a pale blue dress shirt of the finest silk, having discarded his blazer in his office earlier. It's partially unbuttoned, allowing me more than a glimpse of his smooth brown chest. Even without touching it, I know that it would feel wonderfully hard under my fingers.

But what really makes me breathless, what makes my body go weak, and an embarrassing amount of wetness gather between my thighs, is how Mr. Moretti is gazing at me.

He's looking at me like he wants to devour me, and the sexual tension emanating from him - from me, from us is palpable.

I can't take my gaze off him.

His nostrils flare. "You smell..."

I pale.

Was he saying I stank?

"I'm sorry," I say weakly. "It was really hot this morning on my way to work." I think I'm going to kill myself after this. I have never been so humiliated in my entire life.

Mr. Moretti looks frustrated and furious. "No, I don't mean it that way. I meant, I can smell---" He shakes his head and takes a step forward.

I instinctively step backward, mostly because I don't want him to smell me even more, whatever it is that he smelt.

"I was hoping this would be the case, but I hadn't dared hope," he murmurs seemingly to himself.

Yuck, I can't help but think. He has a fetish for bad odors? It's such a turn-off I shake my head at it.

"What is it?" he asks sharply.

"Nothing," I stammer.

"It doesn't seem nothing," Mr. Moretti says while taking another step forward.

I take another step backward and almost curse when I realize I've inadvertently backed myself into a corner - literally. Mr. Moretti closes the distance between us, and with his gorgeous face this close I forget all about his weird fetish and just focus on keeping myself from hyperventilating.

God, he's hot.

God, God, God, he's hot.

Mr. Moretti bends his head, nuzzling my hair. "You let it down. Why?"

It takes me a while to realize what he's asking. And what that question means.

"I...couldn't find my band," I say, stumbling over the words because I'm so tense I have a hard time stringing words together. I tense even more when he lifts a lock of my hair, and then I feel close to fainting when he brings it to his lips, closing his eyes as if savoring the scent.

Another fetish?

"You smell so good."

Oh. So maybe that was what he was saying a while ago? That I smelled good and not that I just stank?

His head moves lower and he nuzzles my neck, inhaling again. "So good," he says with something like reverence just before inhaling my scent again.

It feels like he's worshipping me, and just the thought that this man wants me so much makes me moan again. It's too much. He's too close, too hot, too everything that my body is arching towards him before I realize what I'm doing.

"Misty."

The sound of my name on his lips seems to work like a key, unlocking the chains of restraint and common sense between us.

I twirl my arms around his neck just as Domenico Moretti brings me close to him, his lips taking mine in an unashamedly carnal open-mouthed kiss. Our tongues touch, play, and entwine as our bodies fuse. His fingers bite into my butt as he pulls me even closer, and I groan against his mouth when I feel his erection, larger than life, and pulsing like crazy. It's unbelievably erotic.

He makes me want to forget all the rules I've made for myself and just have sex with him right this very minute. I've never felt this way before, and it's a feeling that I don't ever want to lose. It's only now I understand why some women so desperately beg for a man's touch.

I know I should struggle and pull away. That would have been the sensible thing to do, if not the right one, but I can't. It's impossible. He's irresistible. My first taste of lust is unquenchable. My hands rush all over him, and I can't help but moan when I finally know how his hair feels like.

Domenico Moretti doesn't stop kissing me, and he's a master at it, knowing exactly when to go soft and when to go deliciously rough, his lips and tongue dancing in a way that makes my head swim and my body become more and more pliant in his arms. He is my sculptor, and I am his clay. The sensual spell he weaves around me is so potent I've gone over the edge, my thoughts turning from logical to cheesy.

A faint spell of dizziness assails me.

Mr. Moretti releases me with a muttered curse. "Breathe, Misty."

I blink in a daze then begin inhaling huge gulps of oxygen when I realize what's wrong with me.

Well, this is awkward.

And telling.

I actually forgot to breathe because of his kisses. When I look up, Mr. Moretti's face is a mixture of amusement and bemusement.

"I was right," he says, his gaze unmistakably possessive as it roams around my face. I remind myself to continue breathing when the sight of an unexpectedly tender smile touches Mr. Moretti's lips, softening the harsh lines of his coldly beautiful face. I think it's the first time I've ever seen him smile. None of the hundreds of photos Google has of him in its database ever showed him smiling, that's for sure. I would have remembered it if it had.

"You're unbelievable," he says, tracing my lips. He smiles again.

Second in a row, I can't help thinking, his unabashedly sensual smile turning my thoughts into mush. The press will kill for this kind of shot.

"I need you to do something for me," he says, his voice turning husky again.

"Y-you do?" It's so hard to think when he's looking at me like that and his erection is still grinding against me.

"You're the only one who can do this for me."

Oh, dear. He had me at 'you're'. The heat of his gaze makes my panties even wetter than it already is. Shick, I'm so easy.

"I need you, Misty," he whispers.

"For what?" I whisper back.

His eyes seek mine, blazing with life. "Say you'll become my wife."

The fury in Misty's face only served to arouse Domenico even more. She would make a magnificent princess - and an even more magnificent queen one day. She was fire and ice - a rare and royal combination.

The sway of her h*ps as she pushed Domenico away and stalk out of the washroom was hypnotic. He wanted to grab her h*ps and keep it still long enough for him to tear her skirt out of the way, rip her panties off, and start pounding into her. Again and again until she was weak in his arms, begging for him to go harder and faster, begging for him to come inside her.

That she would misunderstand his attentions was something he had already anticipated. He had studied every aspect of her life carefully, had taken his time analyzing every nuance of her personality because he wanted to be sure.

His kind mated for life and though there were ways to break a bond between mates, Domenico preferred not to simply because it would have meant he had chosen wrong - and he preferred to be known as someone who always came out victorious.

Chapter Three

I'm so angry I want to cry, throw a tantrum, and possibly strangle Domenico Moretti's neck all at the same time. But because I'm the lowly intern, I have to satisfy myself with leaving his fracking office head held high.

He catches my wrist just as I reach the doorway.

"Don't touch me!"

He sighs - he actually sighs like I'm acting like a child. What does he expect? That I'd let him get away with his stupid little prank? I try to break free unsuccessfully. "Let me go!"

"I was hoping you won't require proof---"

"I don't fracking need any kind of proof!"

"But I guess there's no other way," he continues, ignoring my words and my struggles. When I try to kick his groin, he easily avoids it and tosses me up over his shoulder.

I scream. I only stop when I remember the office's fracking soundproofed, but I scream again when he throws me on the couch.

Staring at me, Domenico Moretti starts unbuttoning his shirt.

Oh, frack! He's going to rape me! Wait - is it really going to be rape? Does it matter? My thoughts are in a jumble, but I still try to run away.

He catches me even before I can take more than a step past him, tossing me back to the couch with impressive ease. He's down to his fifth button when I bounce back on the couch for the third time. I don't give up trying to escape, but he never fails to get a hold of me, doesn't even break a sweat with all the times he has to carry me bodily back to the couch. I'd be flattered - he makes me feel so ridiculously light - if only I wasn't too busy panicking. I panic even more when I realize he's down to his fancy Italian custom-designed pants.

Oh. My. God.

For one moment, I am insanely tempted.

Would it be so terrible to let him take my virginity? I've been saving myself this long for marriage, but maybe it's not such a waste if my first time's going to be with Domenico.

When his pants join his shirt on the floor, I want to groan.

Why, God? Why, why, why did you have to make someone this irresistible?

This guy. His abs.

I want to weep at the sheer beauty of it and the sheer unfairness of the situation. If only he hadn't decided to play a prank on me. If he had just asked to have sex, maybe - maybe I would have said yes. But to actually think I'd fall for his prank when he asked me to be his wife?

It's fracking unforgivable.

When Domenico Moretti's hands go to his briefs - black silk, although I shouldn't have even noticed or cared - I recover my senses and jump off the couch. I'm thrilled when I manage to dash past him. Maybe his enormous erection got in the way.

Got to reach the door, got to---

Something heavy lands on my back, and I find myself crashing to the ground. I immediately twist around, getting ready to hit him because CEO or not, this has gone far enough. I'm going to kill him then I'm going to sue his ass for this.

A big black wolf growls into my face.

Shick!

He has a wolf in his office? Seriously, a wolf?

The wolf growls again, baring its razor sharp fangs this time, and I forget all about getting back at Domenico Moretti. Now, all I care about is getting out of this place alive, preferably without missing any body part or having to be treated for rabies.

"Mr. Moretti?" I say shakily without taking my eyes away from the wolf staring at me with such intense green---

Green?

No fracking way.

I blink. I mentally slap myself. I pray for the angels to take away the deceitful ploys of the Devil. But when I open my eyes, it's still just me and the wolf with green eyes like Domenico Moretti's.

"No," I whisper to myself, as if denying it out loud will make all of this a dream.

Incredibly, the wolf nods and slowly inches away from me. I carefully back away, too, wanting to put more distance between us, holding my breath as I do.

Resting on its haunches, the wolf locks its gaze with me again.

"Mr. Moretti?" I say for the second time, praying that somewhere in this room I would hear a human voice answering me.

The wolf---

Sighs.

It sighed.

It actually sighed!

"It can't be."

The wolf's eyes gleam, and I have a nasty feeling it's smirking at me.

"You think this is funny?" I snap without thinking.

The wolf nods.

I close my eyes. My head starts to ache at the impossibility of it. This can't be happening. It just can't. When I open my eyes, I'm going to find out that Domenico Moretti's somehow drugged me, that he actually runs a secret human trafficking joint and he's holding an auction for me.

I open my eyes.

The wolf looks at me in pity.

I stick out my tongue without thinking.

A sound comes out of the wolf's throat and I immediately cringe back, fearing that I've angered it somehow. It takes me a few moments to realize that the ferocious growls still rumbling out from the wolf sounds suspiciously like laughter.

Well, shick.

It was actually laughing at me.

Somehow, that eases my tension. I start to laugh, and a part of me knows I'm becoming hysterical. The wolf howls, a distressed sound that shuts me up, saving me from a possible mental breakdown.

I wet my lips. "If you're really Mr. Moretti..." I pause, unable to believe I'm actually saying the words. Swallowing past the lump in my throat, I say, "If you're really Mr. Moretti - raise your left forepaw."

The wolf snarls.

"I have to make sure!"

It stalks toward me in a steady, purposeful pace. I hold my breath as it reaches me.

Shick, shick, shick!

I squeak out, "Don't come any---"

Closer, I end up silently because the wolf is already kissing close. It growls and I tense even more. I just know I'm going to get eaten any second now.

The wolf growls again - before raising its left forepaw to touch my cheek.

"MR. MORETTI?"

The wolf - Mr. Moretti - walks away but looks back to nod at my question. I can't help crawling after it this time, giddy at the discovery that Domenico Moretti is a werewolf, and he's trusted me with his secret for some reason.

A werewolf!

A real, honest-to-goodness, werewolf who's a drop dead gorgeous Italian billionaire in its human form!

I know the sensible thing to do here would be to run out of the room screaming and have him nabbed by the dog pound or animal control. But mostly, I just feel excited, so much my head's in a daze. The wolf - Mr. Moretti - suddenly stops moving. It turns around to face me, startling me into falling back on my butt with wide eyes. A nervous laugh only slips past my lips when I see the discarded shirt between its teeth.

"I get it. You're going to change---yeargh!" Mr. Moretti is suddenly in front of me again, dazzling as ever.

He also happens to be completely naked.

I shriek, instinctively covering my face so that I don't embarrass myself by eye-raping him. But even with all the lust-colored thoughts going through my mind, one fact stands out from the rest. Domenico Moretti is a werewolf.

My body starts to shake. I expected it, of course I did. I knew Mr. Moretti was the wolf - in theory. But when I saw him change back to his human form just like that, it threw me off. To say the least. Blood rushes into my head as shock cuts off my oxygen supply. The last thing I remember is Mr. Moretti swearing as he reaches for me.

When I come around, familiar green eyes gaze down at me in concern. The memories return at lightning speed, and I sit up immediately.

"Easy there." Mr. Moretti gently pushes me back down.

His form doubles, triples, and just keeps on multiplying in front of me. I give up and close my eyes, letting my body fall back on the bed---

Bed?

My eyes fly open. I want to fly out of the bed, too, and I would have if Mr. Moretti and his countless duplicates aren't still swarming around me.

"Stay," he says firmly, his hands pinning my shoulder blades down to the bed.

Stay? I'm not the fracking dog here. That's what I want to say - or would have if the years gone past haven't turned me into such a huge wimp. When you're dirt poor, you kind of realize early on that pride's not going to send you to bed with a full stomach.

"Where am I?" I try to keep my voice as calm as possible. I need to take a logical approach to this, and arguing with a werewolf close enough to take a bite at you is definitely the illogical and worst possible approach to make.

"I didn't take you away to some secret hideaway if that's what's worrying you. We're still in my office, and you're in my private quarters." He gives me a glass of water, and I take it gratefully, lifting my head just enough so I can get rid of the dry and uncomfortably scratchy sensation in my throat.

"Take your time," he murmurs as I almost gulp the glass' entire content down.

When he turns away to put the glass back on the bedside table, I use the time to quickly look around. Somehow, I expected something a lot kinkier than this cozily furnished room. It even has its own faux fireplace and a rocking chair. If this was an orgy house, it would seem like Mr. Moretti has a taste for cougars. Really old ones.

Past the mini-living room in front of the fireplace is a breakfast counter and a small but fully-equipped kitchen. There's even a basket of fruits on the worktable, plus a blender half-filled with some thick-looking yellow liquid.

Organic Viagra, perhaps?

When I glance back at Domenico Moretti, he's visibly exasperated. "It's just fresh mango shake, my dirty-minded little darling."

Forget about the dirty mind part. I'm totally blown away he's called me his darling.

"Don't believe the stuff people have been saying about me. Most of it is garbage." He frowns, staring hard at my face as if he's seen something that doesn't make sense.

Shick!

I try to school my expression into something less obvious, but it's too late.

He makes a choking sound. "Are you actually disappointed?"

"I'm not!" My cheeks heat up at his accusation. And I'm not - really!

Mr. Moretti laughs, a full-bodied one that shouldn't have sounded so sexy but does. He leans back against his chair, still laughing. Seated as he is, head thrown back and lean muscular legs fully stretched out before him, Domenico Moretti looks like a picture-perfect ad for Playgirl.

He's also unapologetically aroused.

I can't help noticing, and it turns me into a tongue-tied lump of melting jelly in the bed. The shape of his erection is more than visible against his pants, which stretch tautly on his thighs. My heart speeds up, working double-time as he finally stops laughing and leans forward.

"I'm sorry I made you faint," he murmurs.

I swallow. My hyperawareness of Domenico Moretti makes me do my best to sink further into the soft mattress. I need to put more distance between us so I don't start hyperventilating again. Or worse - pull him to bed and have my wicked way with him.

"You're too quiet."

My wimpy side begs me not to speak, but my old self says I should seize the moment and impress him with my wit. "I'm always quiet," I croak out, my wimpy side winning half the battle.

"No, you're not."

He sounds so sure I look at him suspiciously. "Did you have someone spy on me?"

He doesn't even deny it. "I have to be careful with my choice of wife."

The casual way he tosses the words out makes me wince. "Stop it with that---"

"Misty---"

Toes, do NOT---

I grit my teeth when my toes disobey me, curling at the sound of Domenico's voice saying my name.

"I'm not going to be your wife!"

Domenico Moretti smiles.

Oh, shick. Why hasn't he been acting like the guy I've heard he is? Everyone says he's a super cold anti-smiling bastard who's out to take over Wall Street and, after that, the world. But here he is, smiling at me and just being too darn attractive for his own good. He makes me want to push his shirt off so I can rake my nails on his chest and watch him groan---

Oh. My. God.

I am not having a sexual fantasy about Domenico Moretti when he is just inches away from me.

I close my eyes in utter mortification. Something is seriously wrong with me. Maybe there's some weird gas in the air that's turned me into a mega-slut all of a sudden.

"Misty," he says again.

I squeeze my eyes closed more tightly. He's using his voice as a weapon, and it's working. Fracking smart man.

"I need you to marry me, Misty."

"I'm not going to marry you."

"You will," he says. "You just have to tell me what I should do to make you say yes."

"Do you know how crazy you sound?" I have to ask.

"You don't really think that." He sounds so confident he makes me doubt myself.

I shriek when he suddenly takes my hand in his, bringing it to his lips. I'm mesmerized when I see his eyelids fall close, which emphasizes the absurd length of his lashes. He inhales my scent. I shriek again when he suddenly bites my forefinger.

"You haven't asked why I want you to marry me, Misty."

I can't take my gaze off his mouth, can't stop staring at the way he's sucking my finger, and I absolutely can't stop my body from responding. There goes my panties, going from newly dried to soaking wet again.

"Don't you want to know, Misty?"

"I..."

He doesn't wait for an answer. "I chose you because I knew---"

I hold my breath.

"I knew you wouldn't have trouble believing me."

For more than a few moments, I can only gape at him. I don't even know if I'm insulted or complimented. Worse, I'm not even sure if the words disappoint me when I know I should have been relieved. But one thing's for sure: he's telling me the truth. The way he looks at me and says the words convinces me that he really does mean it.

"You always liked reading about supernatural stuff ever since you were a child, didn't you? You've always believed in what you never see."

He's stopped sucking my finger, but he doesn't let go of my hand.

I am so fracking hopeless. I should be reflecting on what he's just said, but all I can think of is I when he's going to suck my finger again.

"Didn't you used to love hearing stories about things that go bump in the night?"

Yes. Yes, I did, and look where it got me.

Nanette used to tell me all the time how nothing good would come out of my fascination of the paranormal. She used to punish me just for watching reruns of The Twilight Zone and I always had to sneak past her just so I could visit Mrs. Cairns next door. Mrs. Cairns had the most amazing stories to share about vampires, werewolves - she even told me stories about the Sceleri, which translates to sin eaters. I scour libraries and bookstores for more knowledge about them but never find even a single mention about Sceleri. Even to this day, I'm not sure if Mrs. Cairns made them up entirely or not.

When I was a kid, I used to wish I could be like the heroines in Mrs. Cairns' stories. I wished I could fight the evil monsters like Sceleri who have succumbed to ennui or angels who have turned their backs on God like Vidange. It was incredibly easy to imagine myself brandishing a sword and slaying them because they were monsters I could handle. The monsters in real life, the ones with human masks and fought with lies - they terrified me so much more.

I could never tell Nanette about my dreams and fears, though. Not when she was the most terrible bogeyman in my nightmares.

But I've grown up since then.

"You chose the wrong woman," I say tonelessly. I don't have the spunk, the zest for adventure that I used to have when I was a kid. That Misty was long gone. "I don't believe in---"

Mr. Moretti's fingers go back to the buttons of his shirt. "If you need more proof---"

"Okay, okay, I believe you!" I yelp when I see more than half of his bare chest.

Mr. Moretti smirks, fingers stilling on the fourth button. It makes me want to kiss him. God, I'm so fracking hopeless.

"Now, tell me what you want me to do so you'd marry me."

"Give me a million dollars," I quip.

"I'll give you ten. If that's all---"

"Stop!" I give him a disgruntled look. He wasn't supposed to take the bait. Doesn't he know that? "Why do you need a wife anyway? I mean, a wife like me?"

Cocking his head to the side, he says in a musing tone, "I suppose it would be fair to let you know what you are up against. This is a lifetime arrangement, after all."

"That's not helping your argument," I say honestly. Domenico Moretti may be rich, gorgeous, and sexy, but he's also a werewolf. The kind that may - can - kill and feast on human flesh every full moon for all I know.

"I am the future leader of my pack." He doesn't bother explaining what a pack is, which just shows how much he really knows about me. When he says 'future' leader, I'm guessing that means he's the son of the current pack leader. That basically makes him a prince. A prince who asked me to marry him.

Oh boy.

I've always prayed to God that if he could just make my life the slightest bit more exciting I'd thank Him forever. But I wasn't asking for this! It's beyond exciting. It's plain crazy, that's what it is.

"There are pacts that I have to make, business deals that I have to broker so to speak, with other packs. As someone who is unbound---"

"Unbound?"

"Unmarried."

I file the term away for future use.

"As I am unbound, other packs would not hesitate to use the pact as an opportunity to forge alliances through...marriage. But if I were to choose one pack over the others, then I also risk alienating the packs I had not allied myself with."

"Which is why you need a human," I finish for him. "So you don't offend anyone with your choice."

"But not just any human," he counters and grants my secret wish by sucking my finger again. When his mouth finally releases my finger, I'm this close to having an orgasm. It's the way he keeps looking at me, okay? It's just...unbelievably erotic. I cringe at the words, aware that my obsession with ha**ng s*x with Domenico Moretti has reduced me to being redundant. It's the worst thing someone in my chosen career could be.

I reluctantly tear my gaze away from the way he's playing with my fingers when he starts speaking again.

"The woman I choose as bride has to be someone special, someone who fully understands and accepts me as I am."

Shaking my head with a frown, I say, "I'm pretty sure I'm not the only one---"

"Trust me. You are." He sounds so certain again that I can only gape at him.

"You are the only one who can fulfill the role of my wife." His gaze turns searing. "The only question is what you want. So tell me and I shall give it to you."

"I just can't believe I'm the only one who can be your wife," I insist stubbornly.

Mr. Moretti sighs. "I started my search by looking over all the resumes of my employees."

"That's romantic," I can't help mumbling.

He ignores that. "As my employee, it would mean you would already have some of the qualifications I need, such as loyalty and intelligence."

I think about Janice Rudely and choose to hold my tongue. Whatever. Maybe I just haven't seen those sides of her yet.

Mr. Moretti is smiling at me knowingly.

"What?" I feel defensive without even knowing why.

"Women like Janice Rudely has her uses," he says.

My eyes widen. He really does know me! Too well!

He continues, "Based on the report I've received, I see that you have the qualities I look in a future queen - one who will rule benevolently or with an iron will when she has to."

"Are you serious?" I choke out. I think he pretty much described a different woman there.

Mr. Moretti only stares at me.

"I'm a wimp." I hated to say it, but someone has to.

He brushes my words aside with an arrogant wave of his hand. "Nonsense."

"It's not nonsense. I'm telling you, I'm not---"

"You are the oldest in your family, yes?"

"Yes, but---"

"Your foster siblings follow you without question even though all of you know that none of you are related by blood, yes?"

"Yes, but---"

"Have you hit any of them?"

I glare at him. "No!"

"You have a brother, Kevin, yes?"

I don't see where this is going. "Mr. Moretti---"

"He used to have a problem in school. He gets into fights all the time. But it has stopped. You have stopped it, haven't you?"

"He's family!" I burst out. "Of course I'd be able to make him see sense!"

"He's not family. They're all not family," Mr. Moretti said. "But you chose to make them your family, and they chose to follow you. You will do the same with and for my pack."

He looks at me with such confidence - such trust - he makes me want to cry, and for the first time it has nothing to do with lust.

"That's so unfair," I whisper, trying to blink the tears away. "If you had tried to seduce me with your body, I would probably have a chance. Barely. But you...what you said..."

"But I did have one more qualification, and it clinched the deal for me as far as you were concerned," Mr. Moretti says.

"You did?"

A slow, sexy grin forms on his lips. "I prefer to deal with someone I find irresistible."

If he thinks that's going to turn me on, he's sadly mistaken.

Mr. Moretti appears shocked at the stony look I throw at him.

"Why are you angry?"

"You're making fun of me again."

"I am making fun of you?" He sounds so convincingly confused.

It just makes me hate him more. Makes me want to cry, too, but I'll be damned if I'm letting him see how much he's hurt me.

"I would have believed you if you said you were attracted to me. You're a highly sexual guy."

"I think there's an insult there somewhere, yes?"

I choose to take the safe and bite-proof way out by pretending he hasn't said anything. "But to say that I'm irresistible---"

He laughs.

A sense of humiliated fury makes me relapse. "Fuck off," I snarl, hands clenching at the effort I exert not to cry in front of him. All these years of never even saying 'shit', wasted because of this --- this dog!

He stops laughing right away. Lifting me from the bed, he settles me on his lap with ease even as I struggle.

This is starting to feel familiar, I think.

He tips my chin up. "Be honest. You feel the attraction between us, yes?"

I can't stop him from forcing me to look at him, but I can definitely refuse to answer.

"Lyccans---"

My heart jumps at the word. It's the first time he's said it out loud, the first time he's referred to himself like that. For a moment, it resurrects the fangirl in me, and I just know I'm staring at him with stars in my eyes.

"Why are you looking at me like that?"

I smile sheepishly. "I just can't believe I heard you call yourself a Lyccan."

A frown settles on his face. "What else should I call myself? I am a Lyccan."

He sounds so defensive I feel like I have to apologize. "I'm sorry, I know---but it's just...you know."

His frown becomes more pronounced. "I hate the way you're looking at me right now. You make me feel like a freak."

"No," I protest, utterly aghast that I actually made him feel like that. "I don't and won't ever see you that way!" It feels impossible to explain, but I try anyway. I just want to erase the hurt in his eyes that he's trying to hide.

"You're...you're like a dream come true to me." I feel myself turning redder with every word.

"Do you mean that?" he demands.

He still doesn't believe me.

"Yes."

I say it so simply, so surely I guess he's finally convinced. But he still shakes his head, murmuring, "You make me feel so..." The glare that follows surprises me.

"What did I do?"

"You confuse me, and I don't like it," he answers right away. "Enough with this nonsense. I'm attracted to you. It's because of your scent, the alluring curves of your body, the feel of your skin - it's the whole package."

My jaw's back on the floor and I don't think it's ever coming back up again.

"Can't you feel how badly I want to f**k you?"

Umm, yes. I can. I definitely can. So much I can't think straight now.

"So answer me," he says in such a commanding tone I'm turned on even more. Oh boy. Does that make me a natural-born M or something?

"What can I do to convince you to be my wife?"

He's really asking me that? He really wants me to be his wife?

Impatient at my inability to speak, Domenico Moretti adds forcefully, "Perhaps I have not been clear enough. As my wife, you will have my eternal allegiance, my protection, and my fidelity. Everything you need I will provide for. Everything and everyone you care about will be also under my care. In return, I only ask for your fidelity, your trust, and your loyalty. I need you to perform the duties expected from the wife of a future pack leader, but those I am confident you will learn in time."

His words leave me reeling.

"I want to give you more time to think about this, but I can't wait for you forever. Time is against me." He pauses, as if finding the next words difficult to speak. "We are at war, Misty. My kind. Your kind, too, but your leaders don't know it yet because in this war, your race is but a pawn. We can kill you so very easily."

I shiver at the picture he paints.

"It is in my power to prevent that war but I will need your help for it. If you marry me, you will know the truth of my words for yourself. You will know that I haven't lied. That it's a war that can obliterate your entire race."

Totally exciting stuff, I can almost hear God laughingly say inside my mind. Isn't that what you wanted? And there's nothing more exciting than war, is there?

This time the sensible and the right thing to do would be to say 'yes'. My honor is at stake. I have to say 'yes'.

But --- this is marriage. It's a permanent one, if Domenico Moretti's to be believed. If he stops and wins the war, I'll still be married. I need to think about this carefully.

I pause at my thoughts, knowing I'm lying to myself. The truth is, I'm thinking this is my only chance in life to be selfish. Against all odds, Domenico Moretti needs me. The sensible thing would be to ask for his wealth. But I don't want to be sensible. I don't want to be practical by being wimpy. I want to be selfish for a change.

"If I refuse, you won't sack me, will you?" His extremely offended look makes me gulp. "Sorry. I had to ask."

"If you were a man, you would have been dead by now," he says very nicely.

"I said I'm sorry," I mumble, gulping again.

"Your condition," he says instead. "What do I need to make you marry me?"

"I want you to do something outrageous," I hear myself saying.

Mr. Moretti straightens, which startles a whimper out of me because it just pushes his erection closer to the junction between my thighs.

His nostrils flare in reaction. His fingers skim my back as it moves up to clasp my neck so he can pull me close.

Shick. I think I just had a mini-orgasm.

When he moves to kiss me, I remind him - both of us - breathlessly, "My condition."

"Fuck." He lets me go with a frustrated and hungry look in his eyes. "Say it then," he growls when I'm still silent.

Here it goes.

"I want you to make everyone think that I can make someone like you---" I bite my lip, suddenly struck by doubt. Am I really doing the sane and right thing here?

But Domenico Moretti is smiling at me.

"I get it," he drawls. "You want people to think it's a love match."

He doesn't know me that well, after all.

I say softly, "No. Not that. Love's too easy to fake."

That gets him frowning. When he opens his mouth to speak, I hastily cut him off, wanting to get everything off my chest before I lose my nerve. "I need you to make people believe that you're so sexually infatuated with me---" I ignore how Mr. Moretti is choking.

Without looking at him, I mutter, "I want you to show that you want me so much all the people here will think you can't get enough of me."

Silence. It's expected. If this is a scene out of an erotica novel - and I plead guilty to reading my fair share of it - things would have happened differently. For one thing, he'd be the one doing the propositioning and not yours truly.

If this is a work of fiction, all it would take is one glimpse of my plain self and Mr. Moretti would want to jump my bones so badly he's going to chain me to his desk and make love to me over and over even before the first chapter ends. He'll beg me to move in with him and marry him, too, though I'm not fussy with the sequence of events.

But it's not. I'm sure those things take place occasionally in real life, too, but let's just say that it's my luck to get that one billionaire in the world who also happens to be a cold-blooded werewolf. Also has a high sex drive but still.

Domenico Moretti singled me out because he needs me for practical reasons and not just because I'm the only one who can give him a hard-on. I can't reasonably expect to keep Domenico Moretti interested with me forever, and I don't.

But I am tired of being boring, of being plain, of being wimpy. I want everyone to look at me with new eyes.

I lift my chin, adding recklessly, "I want all this in writing, and I need you to show proof of your, err---" Gah! Why are the words so hard to say?

"My sexual infatuation?" Mr. Moretti says innocently, but his green eyes are gleaming.

"Yes. I need proof of, err, that, every day." I try to sound nonchalant, but it's obvious I fail dismally when his eyes just gleam more brightly.

Now please tell me you think it's a wonderful joke and we can all just forget my temporary moment of insanity. I steal a look at his profile, but his face is expressionless for once.

"Interesting," he says finally.

That's it?

"Are you still feeling dizzy?"

His question throws me off, and I stammer, "I'm fine."

Domenico stuns me even more when he gently lifts me off his lap and assists me to my feet. He checks his watch, murmuring, "It's late now. I'll have Matteo send you home. You've given me food for thought. I must think about it tonight."

He nods dismissively. "Until tomorrow."

In minutes, I'm walked out of his office, escorted by his secretary all the way to the lobby, and bundled into his limousine past gawking eyes of the other employees. I'm so stunned I only manage one quick, panicky look at the 19th floor windows of Moretti Inc. before the chauffeur slams the door shut.

What did I do? Has he changed his mind? Worse - have I turned him off?

On and on the questions circle around my mind, but I'm unable to answer them. I suppose my life is back to being safe and boring. God has answered my prayers - again.

Oh, God. Why do you listen to me at the worst possible moments?

I bite my lip, knowing I'm being unfair. I am such a fracking whiner it's embarrassing.

I didn't even get to call him Domenico. The thought depresses me even more, and I bend my head down, covering my mouth so that Mr. Moretti's driver doesn't hear me crying.

Domenico waited patiently, the shadows serving as his cloak once more. It was but a matter of time until Misty would come out of her house for a rare jog. From the report, he had learned that she used jogging to clear her mind, and he himself had given her a lot to think about.

He had to admit that Misty had given him a lot to think about, too. Her condition had surprised him. He had already foreseen her dismissal of his wealth - which was impressive albeit impractical - but he had still expected a request that was material in nature. Scholarship for her siblings, a donation to her favorite charity - he had expected everything but what Misty asked in the end.

Make out with her in public? Every day? Was his chosen bride an exhibitionist at heart?

It was an exquisite thought.

Domenico's smile glinted in the darkness when he remembered the look of shock and confusion on her face when he so unexpectedly sent her home. But he could not help it. In the regretfully short time he had spent alone with Misty, two things had become irrefutably clear.

First, she was a joy to play with.

Second, he actually had fun playing with her.

Fun was a word he had deliberately made himself forget, yet somehow she had gotten under his skin without him knowing it, made Domenico have fun even though he had sworn so many years ago never to experience that traitorous aspect of life ever again.

Fun.

He supposed he could live with it again - especially if it meant he would be able to play with her constantly. Domenico knew it was cruel of him to tease her unmercifully. He was aware of how absurdly abundant Misty's insecurities were but he couldn't help it. He would make it up to her, Domenico told himself. But for now ---

He allowed himself another smile.

She was a delight to toy with, and surely she would be more so when they finally had the chance to play the same games in bed. Or anywhere else he would feel the urge to undress Misty's lovely body, drown himself in her shy but addictive kisses, fondle her wondrously generous br**sts, and sink his c**k in her heat.

He savored the thought, getting hard just by imagining the moans and whimpers that would come out of her lovely mouth as she pleaded more from his cock. He wondered how it would be to have his c**k inside that mouth. He imagined Misty's tiny pink tongue swirling around the head with an inexperience that would be a sensual torture in itself. Then he would sink his fingers in her hair, pulling her head closer so she would learn to take more of him in---

Shit.

Domenico changed, using the lightning-quick transformation to kill his erection. Now was no time to let his c**k rule his brain, not when danger lurked so close.

Chapter Four

Red-eyed and sniffing, I mumble my thanks to Domenico Moretti's chauffeur as I step out of the limousine. The twins are at the sidewalk, curiosity written all over their faces.

"Are you crying?" Kelly gasps, looking down at me in horror because she's my sister and she's also a couple of inches taller than me.

"Sweet ride," Kevin says at the same time then adds belatedly, "I mean, are you okay, Misty?"

"I'm fine," I say. "I, umm, just got sacked." I know it's not true, but I've just made up my mind. I'm going to resign tomorrow. I don't think I can last another day at Moretti Inc. after this. I'll always remember being made a fool by its CEO, the fracking jerk.

I pretend to brush my hair off my face so I can wipe the tears away from my eyes.

We all pretend my ploy is working.

When I've recovered myself sufficiently, I say brightly, "So, why are you two---" My voice trails off as I remember the answer to my question.

"What are we going to do?" Kelly starts biting her fingernails, which currently flaunt the colors of Brazil.

She's the most emotional of all of us. It's another reason I think the twins are Italian. And Kelly totally loves pizza, too, so there.

Squeezing her shoulder reassuringly, I say, "We won't let her adopt another one so don't worry, okay?"

Kevin snorts. "I hate to pi---rain on your parade, but how exactly do you plan on stopping Nanette from doing that?"

I belatedly notice he's already in his nurse uniform. "Let me worry about that. You should just go to class. You can't afford to be late anymore." Kevin works in a nearby grocery during the day, but lately he's gotten in trouble in school because of the hours he's been spending working overtime.

"Don't worry about it. I get this all figured out." Not. But they don't have to know that.

Kevin's eyes bore through me. "You haven't a clue about what you're going to do, have you?"

"Of course I have. I've decided that..." Inspiration strikes and I finish winningly, "I've decided that we are going to prove to Nanette she won't get away with this anymore. We're going to ignore the baby and let her do all the work until she gives up and return it to Social Services."

The more I think about it, the more sense it makes. "Yes, that's it. We'll ignore the baby."

Kevin's flabbergasted. And that's an understatement. He rakes a hand through his rather longish dark brown hair, exclaiming, "That's it?"

"Trust me," I insist. "It's going to work."

"It's not going to work," Kevin bursts out. "And you know why? It's because you're a sucker for emotional blackmail!"

Fifteen minutes later, I'm 99% sure Kevin was right.

All six of us are in the living room, which actually doubles as the dining room as well. If you have to be technical about it, the area also serves as the kitchen. Andy is crying, and Nicole's trying to hush him. Kelly's lips are trembling but she does her best to distract herself by staring at the TV, which is tuned to SpongeBob.

The wails of the infant continue to punish me. It's been fifteen minutes since the baby started crying. Kevin doesn't stop glaring at me, his way of keeping me glued to my seat.

Nanette doesn't say a word but the smug look on her face says it all.

If you give the baby back to Social Services, do you really think its life is going to get better?

Do you think people would pick him up the moment he starts crying?

Can your conscience bear turning your back on this poor little soul?

The baby's cries turn hoarse.

I lose the battle of wills.

"I'm sorry!" I run to the crib at the opposite side of the room, tears in my eyes.

I am such a wimp.

I cradle the baby close, making soft and soothing noises while ignoring Kevin's heartfelt groan at the same time.

"I'm off to Social Services." Nanette's almost singing her words out. There's even a spring to her step, which is saying a lot since she's gained almost a hundred pounds since she adopted me fourteen years ago. She fluffs her hair, cut in a stylish bob that would have looked pretty if she was two decades younger. "I may be home late so do save me some for dinner, okay?"

When the door closes behind her, Kevin growls, "Misty."

"I know," I say miserably. "I'm sorry. I can't help it." I look down at the baby, and for a moment I just see rows and rows of numbers instead of his cute face. Baby food never comes cheap, but you can't put infants in a South Beach diet. Diapers cost a fortune, but infants don't get potty-trained until they're maybe two or three.

I want to kick myself. Now I feel such an idiot for asking Domenico Moretti for a public performance of his virility when I could have access to his bank account. Shick. Would I have changed my mind if I knew this would happen? If I'm honest with myself - no. Shick.

When Kevin leaves for class, we divide baby care duties among the three of us while Andy plays with the baby. I frown, momentarily distracted. I've forgotten to ask Nanette about the baby's name.

"I'm home first so I'll care for the baby until Kelly gets back," Nicole says.

"Have Andy help you when you have homework to do," I say.

We don't even include Nanette in the equation. Been there, done that, and I have the faint green line on Andy's forehead as a painful reminder of why trusting Nanette to look after a baby is a huge mistake. Andy had his first stitches when he was just 18 months old.

Everyone says I'm so nice, but they don't know that sometimes I hate Nanette so much I want to kill her.

It's almost eleven when I get everyone settled down. With Kevin back home, I feel it would be safe enough to leave for a quick jog around the block.

"Can't you just go for a run tomorrow? It's kind of late," Kevin says while I carefully lay the baby down on his bed. Since he's studying for his midterms tomorrow, I don't feel like I'm imposing when I temporarily delegate babysitting duties to him.

"You know I'm not a morning person." Bending down to make sure my shoelaces are tightly knotted, I study my sneakers morosely for a second. It's worse for the wear, and I've promised myself I'll have a new pair next month. But with the baby? It would be more practical not to jog next month unless I want to risk coming back home in my socks. This Adidas baby of mine is already on its dying days.

Kevin sighs. "Stun gun?"

I pat my pocket. "Ready and loaded."

He rolls his eyes. "Take care. I'll call you every five minutes."

Kevin is true to his word, like he's always is since he got out of rehab. He rings every five minutes. I reject the call and ring him back. You can't be too safe in this neighborhood.

Jog is really the most accurate term to describe what I do when I want to organize my thoughts. I don't run. I hate running. I'm no athlete, and I tire so easily I'm already catching my breath after one flight of stairs. Kelly's the athlete in the family. Okay, she's the cheerleader but I say that's a sport since it's featured in ESPN.

I'm halfway around the block when I realize someone's been following me - and doing nothing to conceal the fact. I turn around, and it's all I get to do before a streak of brown flashes before my eyes.

Instincts I don't even know I possess kick in. I catch a glimpse of black eyes and jab them with my fingers. My attacker howls.

Shick.

A dog - no, a wolf - no, a werewolf.

I'm absolutely sure of it.

Finally managing to pull out my stun gun, I zap it once, twice, as many times as I can. The werewolf's body falls into the ground with a heavy thud.

My phone rings. I scramble to answer it, but shiny silver nails swipe it away. Another werewolf?

SHIT! Surely no one's going to argue against me and say that this moment doesn't call for a real cuss word.

The werewolf makes another swipe, dislodging the stun gun out of my hand before I can press the trigger. I stare at it in horror. Is this it for me?

Then a third werewolf comes out of nowhere, nails slicing into the side of the brown werewolf in front of me. Its nails are sharp and long, enough for them to go through my attacker's body, its tips protruding from the other side. The nails retract, coming out with a heart pierced between them.

The werewolf - the good one - throws the heart on the ground with another howl.

Midnight black fur and green eyes.

"Domenico?" I whisper. Now, it just feels natural to call him that. All the time we've been in his office, talking and making out, I wasn't able to make myself say his name. It didn't feel right. Now, I know why. Finally, I could get past the fact that he's the larger-than-life CEO in the company I work in, a guy who's so sexy and gorgeous women all over the world have wet dreams about him. This time I feel a connection with him, a bond that's strong enough it to give me the right to call him by his name.

It takes a second for Domenico to change back.

"Are you all right?" He brushes the hair from my face, which sweat has glued to my skin. The air is sticky around us in its humidity but Domenico's sudden presence makes me feel I'm in an inferno of his making.

I nod.

"You were wonderfully brave, cara."

"You saw me?" I start to frown when he nods and I realize the implications of it. "You let me fight it when you could have helped me?"

An implacable look settles on his sinfully handsome face. "I will die protecting you, Misty, but there will be times when I won't be by your side and danger will find you instead. I wanted you to find the strength you've always had inside you to fight back."

His words make sense, but it doesn't stop me from feeling a little hurt. In a way, it's like a parent letting a baby stumble a few times until he - she - learns to stand. So, yes, I get it, I really do, but it doesn't mean I have to like it.

"You're so cold," I blurt out.

He stiffens. "Are you saying 'no' then?"

I shrug helplessly. "I don't---"

Domenico suddenly picks me up, taking me with him as he lopes into one of the shadowy corners of the street with the kind of speed that leaves my mouth hanging. When he finally stops, I don't think more than a few seconds have passed.

"Dome---" The rest of his name is consumed into his kiss.

He cups my face and kisses me so deeply my entire body is forced back until I hit the wall behind me. Domenico follows, and when his body slams onto mine I realize dizzily he's naked.

Moaning in surrender, I haul him close, kissing him back with almost wild abandon. Again, I lose all common sense in his arms. I forget that we're in a public place, forget that we've just been involved ina fight, and I even forget at how impossibly cold he could be.

All I care about is the fact that I'm back in his arms and he's hot for me. Still hot for me.

A little shriek escapes my lips when he lifts me up so high that I instinctively wrap my legs around him. He nuzzles my necks before nipping my shoulder, hard enough to make my body jerk, my head falling back against the wall.

Domenico starts rocking against me, and with every thrust it's as if he's pressing his erection against my heat more strongly. Harder.

"Domenico." I can't stop saying his name.

"You have to marry me, Misty." He growls into my ear just as his fingers slide inside my panties and trace the quivering flesh hidden in it.

"I won't allow you to say no." Without warning, he shoves his fingers inside me.

Not just one or two but three, all of a sudden, and the combined thickness of his fingers makes me scream, as loudly as I can.

It should have hurt, but it doesn't. I'm so wet for him my body has melted into liquid heat, my mind shutting down at the sheer pleasure of his penetration.

"Say. Yes." He emphasizes each word with a thrust of his fingers.

"Aaah." I can only pant in answer.

"Misty," Domenico growls.

How can he expect me to make coherent sense? The thrust of his fingers creates such an exquisite form of pleasure all I can do is shake my head side to side as I struggle to raise my h*ps and meet the downward slide of his fingers.

"Shit," Domenico mutters just before he kisses me again, even more deeply than the first time. His tongue swoops inside my mouth, its aggressive movement matching the increasing speed of his thrusts.

"Come for me, cara," he rasps when he lets go of my bruised lips.

"I can't!" But already I can feel myself trembling, the rough tone of his words only serving to inflame me more.

My werewolf prince commands, and my body strains to follow.

Domenico bites my lower lip. Then he pulls back, his intense green eyes locking with mine. "Give yourself to me." His thumb presses against that extra sensitive nub of flesh.

I shatter.

Domenico manages to push his fingers in further, intensifying my orgasm. I can only wrap my legs more tightly around his waist as my body doesn't stop quivering at the onslaught of pleasure. When it's over, I'm limp in his arms, but Domenico carries my full weight with ease. I don't even feel his muscle tense as I grow heavy in utter exhaustion.

"You're mine now," he whispers.

I can't find the energy to answer.

An eternity later, Domenico slowly lets me slide down to my feet.

I murmur my protest when he gently disentangles my arms around his neck. I would have been embarrassed about how clingy I suddenly am if my mind still isn't busy replaying the last few minutes. There's enough time later to be embarrassed.

Domenico kisses my forehead, and I feel him smiling against my skin. "I have to let you go, cara. Your brother is coming."

I blink.

When I open my eyes again, he's vanished into the night and I hear footsteps approaching.

"Misty?" Kevin sounds distressed.

And I...

I think I look disheveled.

In a way that I don't ever want my brother to know.

Hastily rearranging my clothes, I run out of the alley before Kevin gets to me. One sniff and I'm out. Right now, you don't need a werewolf's sense of smell to figure out what just happened.

"What happened?" Kevin demands almost angrily, but I know it's his anxiety talking. Barefoot and shirtless, he seems to have run straight out of his room the moment he realized I wouldn't be returning his call.

For a moment, I mourn the loss of my phone. Why couldn't have that darn werewolf attack me next month? Or better yet the month after? I can't afford to replace my mobile phone right now, not with the baby entering our lives.

"Misty?"

Kevin's alarmed tone stops me from dwelling further on my growing list of expenses. "I'm okay," I assure him. And though I feel that I really am, my voice becomes shrill at the end.

"You're not okay," he accuses. "Did you get attacked?"

"Yes, but they're gone now."

"They?"

Shick. I really have to start thinking before I open my big fat mouth. Kevin looks like he's about to have a heart attack. "I'm okay, Kev. I'm really okay. I managed to use the stun gun."

Kevin fumbles for something inside his pocket. "My heart almost stopped beating when I saw this lying in the road. Did you get them good?"

Nodding, I take the stun gun from him. I think I'm going to buy another, just for good measure.

"We should file a police report," he says grimly.

"Umm, no. I don't think that's necessary." My lying skills are so-so, but they're definitely not at a level that I can get away with perjury.

"Those bastards could still be around!"

"They didn't get a good look at me." This kind of lie, I'm pretty good at. Giving him a rueful smile, I say, "And I don't think I have it in me to jog alone again for quite some time. After what's happened." This one's the truth, though.

"If you're sure," Kevin says with a doubtful look at my now-just-slightly-disheveled state. "What did they do to you? Did they---"

A look of horror crosses his face, and I instantly get what he isn't able to say.

"No. God, no, don't think that. I mean it. I'm not lying." I can't say the words fast enough. Kevin already has more than enough hang-ups because of what (almost) happened to Kelly in the orphanage. I don't want him to go back to rehab a second time because he thinks he's failed to protect me.

"You swear?"

"I'm still a virgin," I say instead, just so I could make him smile.

I half-accomplish my goal when Kevin makes a puking sound. "Gross, Misty. TMI."

I ruffle his hair, even if it means I have to tiptoe to do it. "You came here fast enough, that's what's important."

"I'm still grossed out."

"Shut up."

We argue good-naturedly, absently, all the way back. We're standing in front of the house when I realize what I forgot to ask. "The baby?" I demand, fearing he's left the baby all alone in his haste to get to me.

"Relax, sis. I left him with Kels."

I almost collapse against the front door in relief. "Thank God."

Kelly's waiting for us in the living room, hair all scraggly around her face, the baby sleeping peacefully in her arms.

Sheesh. We have got to find out the baby's name soon or I won't be able to stop thinking of him as The Baby.

"Are you all right, Misty?"

"Yes, I'm good. I'm sorry I made you two worry." I give her a quick hug before taking our newest member of the family from her arms.

Looking down at him, I remember Domenico's words earlier, and suddenly the whole scene feels like deja vu.

But it's too late, I think as I kiss his forehead. I think I'm halfway in love with him already.

What a bummer.

For our finances, that is.

I apologize to the twins again as we go back up to our rooms, thankful that Kelly didn't wake Andy or Nicole up. She can get really panicky sometimes.

Back in my room, I curl in bed next to The Baby.

Oh, shick. It's started.

Lying in the darkness, I remember with shameful ease the way Domenico's fingers felt as they thrust in and out of my body.

I can't help wondering how better it would feel when it's his c**k next time ramming into me.

Tomorrow.

Today's events - all of them - gradually take a toll on my body and I yawn.

Tomorrow, Domenico either does what I ask of him or not.

And when he does...

My toes curl in spite of my hardest attempt to keep them straight.

Tomorrow.

I can't wait.

Part Two

Chapter One

Dear Diary,

My heart can't stop beating at the thought of what tomorrow could - would - bring. Frankly, I can't believe anything that has happened lately.

I'm blushing as I write this but I feel like I'm going to burst if I don't tell anyone. Oh, Di, I can't forget his kisses. The way he moves his tongue, the way he leaves me breathless...and oh, Di, his fingers! Every touch drives me crazy. I just can't stop imagining what it would finally feel like when he's taken me.

Oh, Di, how am I ever going to sleep?

Tomorrow can't come soon enough.

Everyone stopped moving as Domenico Moretti strode into the expansive lobby of his flagship property. At seven-forty in the morning, most of the employees of Moretti Inc. were still milling around in the marble-floored reception area, with twenty minutes to spare before work for the day officially started.

The sight of Domenico Moretti coming through the glass doors was unexpected since he almost always used his private elevator entrance from the parking. Yet that wasn't the reason why both men and women dropped whatever they were doing and gawked at his presence.

Domenico Moretti might be one of the world's most eligible bachelor billionaires but he easily commanded people's attention just by his looks and presence alone. He wore his arrogance like second skin - a man unapologetically aware of what he was and he was capable of. Tall, dark, and leanly built, his face was proud and beautiful, more a warrior's face than a model's. Every inch of him was pure lethal muscle, and even covered in an expensive handmade Italian suit as it was, there was no hiding the impressive strength of his body.

Having just stepped out of the restroom, Misty had come to a dead stop when she realized what the almost awed silence was all about. Her heart started to race as he drew nearer, his aura of sexual magnetism becoming stronger and more irresistible as his long, powerful stride took him closer to her.

She crossed her arms over her chest, ashamed at how so easily her body responded to his presence alone. Yesterday, Domenico had promised that he would prove to everyone he was sexually infatuated with her. Had that moment finally come?

When he was inches away from her, she held her breath.

Domenico walked past her without even sparing Misty a glance.

Misty froze.

Beside her, Janice Rudely said in a pseudo-whisper, "Did you really think he'd give you the time of the day just because he had his limousine take you home?"

That happened yesterday, too, but now it seemed forever had already passed since then. Misty bit her lip hard to stop it from trembling. Yesterday, everyone in Ze Morgue, her private nickname for the company's Administration Department, had heard Misty - their sole intern and most despised copy editor - being called to the CEO's office. Yesterday, everyone had seen her helped inside Domenico's limousine by his chauffeur after office hours. And yesterday, only she knew that Domenico Moretti had asked her - Misty Wall, the wimpiest nobody in the world - to marry him.

But right now, everything that had taken place yesterday felt like a nightmare, a prank that would leave her the laughingstock of the company.

Had she only imagined Domenico Moretti turning into a werewolf in his office?

Had she only imagined being attacked by other werewolves last night and Domenico rescuing her?

Had she only imagined being finger-fucked into an orgasm by Domenico as he demanded that she marry him?

"Are you listening to me?"

Janice's hissing voice snapped Misty out of her misery. She looked up - she had to since the other woman was several inches taller than Misty. Today, Janice wore a skintight black dress that fell below her knees but revealed her back completely. It was an inappropriate choice for someone who worked as the head receptionist of Ze Morgue, but entirely unsurprising for someone whom Misty had caught paying homage to William Grant, a balding executive from 10/F who also happened to be married. Janice had been on her knees while William had his pants around his ankles. It was the ungodliest sight Misty had seen in her entire life.

"I'm sorry," Misty mumbled, still depressed at how Domenico Moretti had completely ignored her. "I didn't quite catch---"

"Did you tell him, you bitch?"

She blinked. "Tell who what?"

Janice's eyes narrowed. "Don't give me that f**king wide-eyed look. I never did buy your Miss Goody Two Shoes image. Were you called by Mr. Moretti because you told him what you saw?"

Finally understanding what Janice was worried about, Misty shook her head. "I didn't."

Distrust contorted Janice's beautiful face. "Then why were you with him for so long?"

"I..." She couldn't make herself say the words, not after how Domenico didn't even seem to remember having asked Misty to marry him.

"Don't mess with me, you little bitch. If you didn't tell him, then why were you called to his office?"

Unable to help it, Misty's eyes sought Domenico. He had his back to her now, talking to his chauffeur-slash-bodyguard Matteo Barrios, a stocky sandy-haired man with a rugged unsmiling face. Misty colored, recalling how she had cried so hard in his limousine when she had thought Domenico had just been playing around with her. And here she was again, about to do the same thing and for the same fracking reason. Fracking was Misty's version of the F-bomb and her way of avoiding accidentally cursing in front of her younger siblings. But in her current state of depression, she had a nasty feeling that words like 'frack' would soon be inadequate for expressing her bitterness.

"Oh my God," Janice said loudly behind her.

Misty turned around in shock.

"Are you serious?" Janice started to laugh.

"Wh-what do you mean?" she stammered out even though some part of her already knew what the other woman was about to say.

"You have a crush on Domenico Moretti." Janice's voice rose. "I can't believe it. Our little Misty Wall has the hots for---"

"Stop it!" Misty cut the other woman off shakily, tensing as she felt people around her turning to look at them speculatively. She could feel them staring and, worse, laughing at her.

"Or what?" Janice challenged. Her voice dropped a notch lower, oozing feigned sympathy as she spoke. "Oh, honey, be reasonable, why don't you? Whatever reason you've been called - it won't make the impossible possible. Domenico Moretti would never take someone like you to bed."

Janice took a step closer to her, and Misty instinctively stepped back before she could think about it. At the triumph flashing in Janice's hard blue eyes, Misty wished she could undo what she did and stand her ground instead.

"Maybe you think you can be the next Kim Kardashian with those curves," Janice said as she dealt Misty's figure a disparaging glance. "But trust me. You're part of a dying breed and only losers would think you're not fat."

Before she could stop herself, Misty shot back, "I may be fat in your eyes, but at least I don't need to have an affair with a dirty old man to earn a living."

For a moment, Misty and Janice gaped at each other in shock. Misty had uttered the words in a soft voice, low enough for only Janice to hear but they both knew that didn't matter.

Visibly recovering, Janice snarled, "Why, you---"

Misty's courage abruptly deserted her at the sight of murderous wrath on Janice's face. She half-ran toward the elevators, knowing that she had just made an enemy for life.

Oh, shick.

This was not what she had envisioned today would bring at all.

Over six hours later, Misty was already counting the minutes before she could leave for work and hand in her resignation letter. It was official. It was impossible for her to work for Moretti Inc. any longer. If near poverty hadn't made Misty the practical sort, then she would have just upped and left without looking back the moment Janice had declared war on her, sniping at Misty for everyone to hear every chance she got.

But Misty was the practical sort and her mind told her it would be stupid to give up her daily wages just to save her pride. As she had learned early in life, pride never gave one a full stomach or a warm and comfortable bed to enjoy at night.

Quietly making her way to the photocopying machines at the corner of the office, Misty unintentionally overheard two clerks talking while enjoying a cigarette break near the windows.

"No kidding? On her knees, you said?" the brunette with a mole in her cheek said.

"She saw it with her own two eyes," the blond woman whom Misty vaguely recalled as Hannah answered feelingly with an emphatic nod. "Misty Wall was giving William Grant a blowjob and he hated it---"

"What did you say?" Misty whispered, feeling herself go pale.

The two women turned to her in shock and dismay, but Hannah suddenly lifted her chin and said, "I'm not saying anything that's not true."

"But it isn't true!" she cried out.

"Of course you'd say that. But I heard it directly from Janice and William themselves." Hannah tossed her a scornful glance. "Of all the men in this company, you're such a jealous little slut you had to try taking William away from Janice."

"He's married, for God's sake!"

Hannah turned her back on Misty. "Save your innocent act for someone who's stupid enough to think it's real."

Bingo!

Domenico pressed the button on the remote control that would have his paneled wall slide back into place, hiding the rows of CCTV monitors he used to observe everything that went on in his company.

He walked swiftly out of his office, knowing he only had minutes to spare for his plan to take effect. His fists clenched involuntarily as he recalled Misty's face when he had walked past without sparing her a glance and he had to physically struggle in holding back his temper when he recalled the look of pain on her face upon realizing she had become the target of Janice Rudely's vicious skills in rumor making.

The elevator chimed out its usual alarm as it reached 4/F and he stepped out. He felt a brief moment of triumph when he caught sight of Janice Rudely about to walk past but making a quick about-turn upon seeing him.

She was indeed a beautiful woman, but Domenico did not feel an ounce of desire for her. The features of her face were too hard for his taste, and he knew in a few years it would harden even more until Janice would be but a skull of her former beauty, made ugly by her obsession at extracting pleasure from hurting others.

Janice's smile was wary, but her voice was absolutely polite and efficient when she spoke. "Good afternoon, Mr. Moretti. I'm Janice Rudely, your receptionist for the Administration Department. Is there anything I may do for you?"

Domenico flashed a smile, knowing exactly how the sight of it would affect her. He was not a vain man, but he had no fondness for false humility either. He knew what he looked like, knew why the media loved to call him "Italy's dark-haired Adonis" after hearing one of his ex-mistresses refer to him as such in a paid interview. And for most of his life, Domenico had never hesitated to use his looks whenever it suited him to do so.

Janice's lips parted, and his sense of smell, heightened as it was by his Lyccan blood, immediately detected the wave of lust coming from the woman standing before him. Domenico kept still as Janice wetted her lips, her eyes straying down and stopping at his cock.

"What can I do for you, sir?" she asked again, huskily.

"I need privacy."

Janice's ni**les were now pebble hard, and they poked against the thin cotton of her black dress, begging for attention. "For what, sir?"

"I need to talk to Misty Wall privately. I know she's in the ladies restroom at the end of the hall. I need you to keep everyone away. Will you do that for me, Janice?"

At his words, fury wiped away the lust from Janice's expression but her voice was perfectly bland as she answered, "Of course, Mr. Moretti."

"Thank you."

He walked away after that without looking back. Domenico reached the ladies' room in seconds, and he immediately pressed a finger to his lips when the three women standing in front of the mirror gaped at him.

"Not a word to anyone please," he whispered even though he knew they wouldn't do as he said. "I need to talk to Misty alone." At the mood Misty was in, he knew that she wouldn't hear a word of what he was saying, would be too busy crying to be aware of anything else except her hurt.

Soon, darling, I'll make it up to you, Domenico promised to both Misty and himself.

But for now---

Domenico kept smiling as the women filed past him nervously, the excitement on their faces telling him that they were about to spread the word of his presence and what they thought it had to do with Misty Wall.

As he waited patiently for Misty to come out, Domenico thought that Janice would have probably shredded Misty's reputation to pieces by now. It didn't matter. He would take care of Janice soon enough.

Finally, Misty's door creaked open. At the sight of her red-rimmed eyes, Domenico couldn't help letting out a little growl of anger. He had expected her to cry. Of course he had. But what he had not expected was how affected he would be at the sight of it.

She looked up at the sound, gasping when she saw him. "What are you---"

Domenico was on her in a flash, holding her still before bending down to kiss her.

"Are you cra---mmph!" Her words were lost in his mouth.

Misty struggled as hard as she could, but with every second that passed, she could feel her resistance waning and her body yielding bit by bit to Domenico's drugging passion. When Domenico's tongue swept inside her mouth, she succumbed to his touch with a little whimper that had Domenico growling and kissing her harder. His kiss was even better than she remembered, sweeter and hotter at the same time. The taste and feel of it made Misty's head float.

Domenico pushed her against the wall. Without breaking their kiss, he unclipped her hair then pinned her arms above her head. When he threaded his fingers through her hair, she moaned, the sheer pleasure of it causing moisture to form between her thighs. How such a simple touch turn her on so much was impossible for Misty to explain. All she knew was that in Domenico's arms, she always felt like she was a hair's breadth from having an orgasm.

Dimly, she heard a stall door open, followed by a little squeak of surprise, then hasty footsteps that ended with the door slamming.

She tried one last futile time to ask what he was planning. "Mr. Moret---"

"Domenico," he murmured against her lips before sucking on her tongue.

"Aah."

Domenico was unbuttoning the first two buttons of her blouse and she shivered as he pushed the loosened fabric off one shoulder, his lips trailing down to kiss the skin he had just exposed. He nuzzled the V of her br**sts, his hands dipping inside the lace cups to fondle her br**sts.

"Domenico," she gasped, unable to help it, her head swinging from one side to another as he gave her br**sts a hard squeeze.

"I love it when you say my name," he whispered just before he kissed his way back up, stopping at the side of her neck before sucking long and hard.

"Oh." Her head lolled back, Misty arched toward him to give him more access.

When he pulled away, she could only stare at him in utter bemusement as he unbuttoned the first two buttons of his shirt as well. Then he was pushing a bit of cloth away, to reveal smooth tanned skin. "Now, it's your turn."

"I...ah...what----" But he was already pulling her close. Soon enough instinct took over and she did what he said. She sucked on the skin of his neck gently then hard, loving how he groaned, marking him as he did her.

She lost track of time. Literally. She lost track of everything else. For the first time in Misty's life, the worries of earning a living disappeared from her mind, and all she could concentrate on was the absolute wonder of Domenico's touch.

Domenico pulled away with an effort, knowing that if he spent a moment longer kissing him he would be having her against the wall. And though that seemed more and more like a good plan, he knew he would regret it afterwards. Misty's virginity was meant to be savored and not taken away in a public restroom.

He studied her appearance in satisfaction. She had the look of a well-pleasured woman, which was exactly how he wanted as well.

"Now..." He went down on one knee, knowing Misty would love the romantic aspect of his action even though he privately felt it was overkill. But weddings were special events in a woman's life and Domenico didn't want to shortchange Misty on anything as much as he could help it. He already felt a tiny amount of guilt for taking away her chance of falling in love. If proposing on bended knee could go even a small way of making her memories of her marriage rosier, then he was willing to do it.

Domenico glanced up and was startled to see the look of panic in Misty's face. "Misty?"

She blushed.

That was enough to tell him what she was thinking and Domenico almost smiled. She was the most adorably naive woman he had ever met. "Ah, Misty. Although I truly feel it would be lovely to have us reach third base at this moment that's not why I'm on my knee."

"I...I didn't think anything like that!"

Ignoring the obvious lie, he took out the box from his pocket, snapped it open, and lifted it to her so she could see the gold band with its glittering cluster of diamonds, which formed the shape of a fang. It was an ancestral piece, symbolizing the passion of Morettis and the fierceness with which they fought for what was theirs.

She gasped then blushed harder.

It was more difficult not to smile now, but Domenico managed to keep his amusement at bay. Taking out the ring and sliding the box back into his pocket, he said, "Misty, will you do me the honor of being my wife and standing beside me for the rest of our lives?"

For a moment, they could only stare at each other. Domenico saw the thousands of questions and doubts clouding her gaze before she deliberately blinked them away, taking a deep breath as she did.

"Yes."

It was only when Misty whispered her answer that Domenico realized he had been holding his breath all the while. Unable to smile because he was uncomfortable at the immense relief sweeping through him, he came to his feet in one graceful movement. Domenico slid the ring onto her hand and raised it to his lips.

"Mine," he couldn't help but say.

She nodded, saying shyly, "Yours."

Domenico snatched her back into his arms after that, loving how she yielded to him so sweetly. His kiss was not as gentle as he had wanted it to be. It was rough and wild, but she seemed to like it, molding herself closer to him as she put her arms around his neck.

Later, it was up to Domenico again to pull away first. Keeping her to his side with an arm around her waist, his hand splayed on her hip in a possessive clasp, he guided her out of the restroom and into the scene he had so carefully orchestrated.

Misty gasped when she saw the crowd awaiting them outside, staring at them with open-mouthed shock. When the murmurs became louder and more chaotic, Domenico knew it was because of their appearance, which spoke volumes of what had transpired earlier. He had deliberately walked out with his shirt still unbuttoned, necktie loose, and Misty's mark on his neck on blatant display.

Quietly, Domenico took his time tucking several strands of Misty's hair before her ear, nuzzling her neck as he did so. When he pulled away, a collective gasp went through the gasp as he revealed his mark on Misty's neck. Domenico bit her ear, making Misty yelp. He could feel her skin heating up in embarrassment and he nuzzled her neck even more, but only to hide his smile. He couldn't remember the last time wanting to smile this often or at least not since---

Domenico straightened away, deliberately changing his mental track. "You okay, darling?"

She smiled weakly.

He squeezed her waist reassuringly as he guided forward. Domenico also knew the exact moment when she realized everyone could see that little love mark he had branded her with and the even larger mark she had made on his neck. She made a little squeak, her fingers clutching his shirt. He knew she was doing her very best not to cover her neck as if she had been bitten by a vampire.

"Relax," he whispered to Misty's ear. "This is what you wanted, right? Proof of my sexual infatuation for everyone to see?"

"Let's just say it's taught me to keep my big mouth shut," she mumbled.

He laughed before finally facing the crowd with another deliberately disarming smile. "Ladies and gentlemen, I won't beat around the bush. It's hard to when everyone's aware of..." He coughed delicately and everyone laughed. He wanted to laugh, too, because he could feel Misty melting in a pool of embarrassment beside him.

But he took pity on her and retained his politely charming facade. "I present to you my fiancee and wife in one month's time. The future Mrs. Misty Moretti."

Everyone broke into applause.

But he wasn't done yet. This was his future wife and he wanted to make it clear to everyone that a woman of his should be respected in all ways.

He turned to Janice, whose look of hatred quickly melted into a sugary sweet smile upon seeing him walk towards her with Misty at his side.

Pretending he couldn't feel Misty tugging at his shirt insistently, demanding his attention, he said softly, "I see you have failed to give me the privacy I asked."

Janice paled.

When she opened her mouth to speak, he said easily, "I'm sure you did your best. After all, I've heard lots of things about you from Misty."

Janice's mouth snapped shut, tightening in an uncertain but furious line.

Misty's eyes darted suspiciously toward him even as she gushed, "Oh, yes, I told him so much about you."

Domenico turned to Misty, licking her ear just so he could squirm. She gasped and tried to move away but he pulled her hard against his side, biting the lobe of her ear yet again just so she would gasp once more. When he finally let her go to face Janice, her face was stony, her eyes coldly furious.

Good. She was lucky he was not firing her. He would have but she had not yet served her purpose.

"I know you will miss Misty once she's gone from your department," he murmured.

"Of course," Janice said between clenched teeth and a smile that was anything but convincing.

"But you need not worry about your department losing a valuable asset like Misty. I've made sure that she has a more than adequate replacement." He smiled again, but this time he didn't bother hiding his contempt.

Janice fell back a step, eyes widening in fear and her hands clutching her throat as if it needed protecting.

Smart of her, Domenico thought.

His voice hard, he said, "Misty's position will soon be taken over by Alice Grant." Not waiting for the woman to react, he continued smoothly, "You may also know her as Mrs. William Grant. I've made sure she knows that you look up to her husband - so much that you would probably kneel before him if he asked."

Behind him, Domenico heard some women gasping, and he knew they were the first women Janice spoke to about the affair she had made up between Misty and William.

"I hope we understand each other now, Ms. Rudely."

Janice had a blanched expression on her face as she said tightly, "Perfectly, Mr. Moretti." Nodding to Misty without looking at her, Janice added, "My sincerest congratulations on your engagement, Misty."

Domenico spun Misty away before she could answer, walking them swiftly to the elevator.

"I wanted to say thank you," she whispered to him.

"I know. And I didn't want you to."

She frowned up at him. "Why not?"

"Because you have to choose to whom you should show your softer side," he answered honestly as he pressed the Close button of the elevator. His lips twitched when Misty sagged against the wall as the doors closed on them.

When he looked at her under his lashes, she blushed.

He laughed. "Why are you blushing? You asked for this, didn't you?"

"I know, but..."

He made a protesting motion with his finger. "No turning back now, Misty. A deal is a deal."

"I feel like I'm making a deal with the devil," she said, her voice getting smaller and smaller with each step he took toward her.

"A werewolf," he murmured as he braced one hand on the wall she was leaning against. "You're making a deal with a werewolf."

Domenico traced her lips, loving how she trembled at his touch. "Be ready."

Her eyes widened.

There was something about Misty that brought out the Lyccan in him, he mused. Whenever she looked at him like she was doing so now, and it was often, Domenico had a strong urge to eat her. His c**k throbbed at the scent of her desire, even though she was doing her best to hide it.

"Misty," he whispered.

"Yes?" she croaked out.

"I'll always make good on my word. That's a promise..." His hand suddenly snaked between her thigh, making her gasp in surprise and undeniable pleasure.

Lowering his tone, Domenico finished, "...and a warning." His fingers found her sweet spot unerringly, and he flicked her clit. She bucked against his hand. He flicked it again and again until she suddenly squeezed her thighs close, imprisoning his hand between it. Slowly, his fingers became wet with her come.

Chapter Two

Dear Diary,

Is it right that my body burn up at just one look of his eyes? He's so beautiful to look at that I fear it's impossible for me to ever regain control of my body when he's around. I've always thought I was frigid until I met Domenico Moretti. Now, I'm scared of the opposite. I'm afraid I'm a slut - always been so - a slut destined to find only pleasure with Domenico's touch.

But it's not the only thing I'm scared of. Sometimes, when he touches me, I catch a glimpse of tenderness. Even as I give up to the pleasure of his expert touch - that exquisitely all-encompassing feeling of reaching an orgasm which I never fail to reach even if he's just thumbing my cl*t - oh, God, I'm scared. When he looks at me with that secret tender light in his eyes - a thrillingly sexy Domenico can command my body at will. But a tender Domenico can break my heart.

"We can't just fly to Lake Tahoe!" Misty had a hard time keeping after him. The car ride had been spent mostly in silence on her part while Domenico had a furious-sounding conversation in the phone. Although it took place entirely in Italian, the number of times Domenico hissed out 'Papa' was clue enough of the identity of the person on the other end of the line.

Misty had not bothered looking out of the window during the ride, having assumed that Domenico was just being kind by taking her home. As such, it took her a while to truly appreciate that they were indeed leaving the state and that the limousine had parked right in the middle of an airport hangar.

"Of course we can," Domenico answered as he took her hand and practically dragged her with him. "In fact, we already are."

She watched him nod absently at the rows of uniformed guards standing on each of their sides, continuing all the way until the retractable stairs of the private jet that awaited them at the end. "You're like a prince," she blurted out.

Domenico looked at her oddly. "Of course I would. You know I'm a prince."

"I know, but---" She sighed. "Never mind. You wouldn't understand." How could he when someone like Domenico Moretti would never have the chance to experience uncertainty or insecurity?

More bowing from the flight crew followed and everything became even more surreal. What...was...she...doing....with...this...guy...really?

Panic hit her and she whirled around.

Domenico caught her before she could even take a step towards the closing doors. "Uh-uh. Where do you think you're going?"

"I---"

Clasping her shoulders, Domenico turned her around and nudged her to walk forward. She did so until they reached a private cabin just before the cockpit. "Stay here while I get something from my office," Domenico said as he made her take one of the plush seats in the area. "Just relax and enjoy the ride. There's nothing to worry about, okay?"

Easy for him to say, she thought even though she did her best to relax.

A short while later, a young man came out of the cockpit, smiling politely at her in welcome. He was tall and dark-haired, with a hint of Grecian features in his face. "Hello, ma'am."

Embarrassed at being the object of a distinctly deferential tone, she said hastily, "Please just call me Misty. I'm...working for Domenico Moretti as well."

The man's smile widened, his dimples showing up this time. "I didn't know. In that case, call me Ralph."

A few minutes later, Domenico was about to call Misty's name so she could join him in the office when he heard the familiar sound of her laughter. He paused, waiting. A deep chuckle followed, and Domenico stiffened, realizing that Misty was talking to the young pilot he had hired early this week. Ralph had impressed him with his maturity and dedication to the job, two rare features in one who was so young.

Jealousy, unexpected in its strength and presence, slithered its way into his heart.

It was in a Lyccan's nature to be possessive, Domenico told himself as he made his way into the public cabin of the jet. "Ralph." He nodded to the pilot, who quickly straightened and bowed. Ralph might be human, but he had been trained by Matteo himself to ensure that he displayed proper manners in front of Lyccan royals, which frequently made up the passenger list for his private jet.

"Let's take off now," he told Ralph and the pilot bowed once more before leaving.

Domenico took a seat next to Misty, conscious of how she was no longer laughing and irritated by it.

"Did you have fun speaking with Ralph?"

Misty glanced at him uneasily. "Was I not supposed to talk to him? I hope I didn't get him in trouble. He was just explaining to me why you wanted a third pilot for the private jet."

"You didn't get him in trouble," Domenico murmured even though he wondered why she would even care if she had. She was his. Did she need reminding of that?

She sighed in relief, which irritated him even more. "I'm glad. He seems nice."

At that moment, Ralph walked back. "Sir, we're taking off now." The seatbelt light flashed red, indicating the need to secure themselves to their seats. Domenico waved the younger man away when he attempted to help Misty with her seatbelt.

"I can do it," he said brusquely.

Misty inhaled sharply as Domenico reached for her seatbelt from her far side, his arm brushing against her br**sts as he did. Surely he wasn't deliberately---she inhaled sharply again when his arm brushed her ni**les as he slowly drew the seatbelt diagonally over her body. Now there was no mistake about it. He was deliberately trying to arouse her, but why?

They sat next to each other, Domenico relaxed, Misty tense.

"Are you all right?" he whispered, turning his head slightly to face her.

Not daring to look at him, she croaked, "Yes."

He did not speak again.

The seatbelt flashed green ten minutes later.

Ralph stepped forward with a smile. "Would you like to---"

But Domenico was already reaching for her seatbelt.

When he had it unlocked, she said breathlessly, "Thank you."

"Thank me properly," he returned huskily, making her eyes widen.

"H-how?"

"With a kiss."

"D-Domenico!" She blushed when she glanced at Ralph, who now stood ramrod straight with an expressionless face.

In an unexpected flash of insight, Misty realized that the other man had actually liked her. With the exception of Domenico Moretti, no other guy had displayed an interest in her so early and quickly after meeting her for the first time. Was this because having someone like Domenico Moretti interested in her made Misty appear more attractive than usual?

"Misty," the man next to her growled, and just like that she forgot all about Ralph. Domenico was looking at her with fierce hunger in his green eyes.

"Kiss me."

Slowly, she moved close to him and touched his lips with hers.

It seemed the signal he had been waiting for. In one swift move, Domenico lifted her off the seat and pulled Misty into his lap. She gasped against Domenico's lips but he didn't let go. Angling his head to the side, Domenico was able to push his tongue further inside her mouth and with it, he swept aside her remaining reservations.

Her arms crept up on his chest before slowly curling around his neck. When he finally let her up to breathe, she looked around in bemusement for a moment. "The pilot?"

"Don't think of another man while I'm kissing you," was all Domenico growled before kissing her again, more roughly this time as if he was punishing her.

But Misty didn't mind. She was thrilled by his show of possessive jealousy, and her body immediately responded to the command. She moved closer, restlessly trying to find a way they could be one as quickly as possible.

She sighed when he flipped her around so that she could lie against his chest, and she sighed again as he nudged her thighs apart. Even though she was embarrassed, knowing how close the pilots' cockpit was, she couldn't stop her legs from falling open immediately.

Domenico tweaked her left nipple with one hand while the other went under her loose black skirt. "You're already wet," he rasped as he traced her slit over her panties.

She moaned silently.

"Are you wet for me or for the pilot?"

Eyes flying open at the question, she stammered, "Y-you."

"Are you sure?" Domenico demanded as his fingers slowly slid inside her panties.

"Yes." She barely got the word out before Domenico had ripped the tiny fabric away from her body.

"Domenicoooo." She ended up moaning his name when he slid his fingers in, three at the same time once more. Misty was wet enough to accommodate his entry with ease, and she couldn't help thrusting upward to meet his fingers more than halfway as Domenico pushed his fingers in and out of her in a rhythm that drove her wild.

"I want you to scream for me," he said while working his fingers in and out faster and harder.

"I c-can't..."

"Yes. You. Can."

She moaned loudly when Domenico pushed his fingers as deep as he could without breaking her hymen.

"Are you ready?"

"Domenico," she pleaded.

Domenico withdrew his fingers almost completely before pushing them back in just as his thumb found her cl*t and pressed her hard.

She screamed.

"I can't believe we did that," Misty couldn't help but half-wail as Domenico led her to the private washroom between the public cabin and his office. She tried to take the small towel he was holding but he shook his head.

"Let me clean you up," he said softly.

Misty squirmed, embarrassed and touched at the same time at Domenico's unexpectedly tender ministrations.

"I love making you scream for me," Domenico said, the satisfaction brimming in his voice more than audible. He straightened, tossing the wet towel into the laundry bin before opening the glass cabinet over the sink.

When he closed it, Domenico had a pair of panties packed and sealed in a silver foil bag. "I had this prepared in advance."

"Th-thanks," she mumbled as she took the underwear. Even though she knew it was silly of her to ask, after what had happened between them, Misty swallowed and inquired, "Could you turn your back while I put this on?"

Domenico grinned. "No."

She glared at him. "You're having fun with this, aren't you?"

"Yes." And so he watched her with unabashed delight as Misty pulled the panties up as quickly as she could.

"Spoilsport," he murmured on their way out.

"Bully," she retorted.

Laughing, he caught her arm and pulled her to the opposite direction when she was about to return to the public cabin. "We need to talk in my office first."

Domenico's office in his private jet was nowhere near his penthouse apartment in terms of size, but it more than made up with its beauty. Looking around her, with its soundproofed ceiling and walls and an amazing living room set, Misty knew she would never have guessed that this belonged to a yacht.

"Sit down," Domenico said gently as he took her to the couch. When Misty was seated, he went to his desk and took two folders, handing one to her when he returned. Sitting opposite her, he said, almost defensively, "This is our prenup."

Her nose wrinkled. "Not exactly romantic."

His eyes burned green fire when he answered, "Don't worry. I'll make it up to you every second of our marriage."

I'm not going to blush, she thought furiously but she knew she already was. She flipped the pages hurriedly, trying to take her mind off things.

"My siblings...?"

"Check page ten."

She gasped. "You're going to let them - all of them - live with us?" Did he realize what that meant? She didn't have just one or two siblings he could easily adapt to. She had a battalion of them, and they all had personality issues.

Domenico leaned back against his seat, regarding her impassively. "We have a big house. We might as well make use of the space."

She tried not to show how happy she was at the sound of that. 'We'. She had never thought she'd be a part of a 'we'.

She scanned the rest of the page and gasped again. "But what you're promising them is too much. I mean, if you're going to pay for their schooling and their upkeep---"

"Those you care for are automatically under my protection. I will do my best to care for them, too."

Her eyes teared. "You're like an angel, do you know that?"

He leaned forward. "I'm not. I'm a werewolf."

She couldn't help but laugh. When he smiled, Misty's toes curled. "Domenico, I can't thank---"

He shook his head. "There is no need for gratitude. You are doing me a favor, too."

But she got what he wasn't saying. He was uncomfortable with how she was acting. She hid a smile. Amazing. He really wasn't so intimidating all the time, apparently. He could even be quite cute.

He raised a brow at her. "Are you laughing at me?"

"Of course not," she said hastily and looked down at the papers. She went to the next page and the next. There was a long list of responsibilities and duties under her role as the wife to the heir of the Moretti Clan.

"There's nothing about my foster mother," she said uneasily.

"Ah, well. Let's just say I have a different arrangement with her."

"What kind of arrangement?"

"I'll pay her a certain sum each month as long as she doesn't bother you."

"But she doesn't bother---"

"Be honest, darling. She bothers you with her indifference and insensitivity. Understand that she is not forbidden to see any of you. I only said that she must visit if she truly does care for you. I will know if she does not and if she does visit you with any other motive than to see all of you are well, my financial support will be withdrawn immediately."

"That's ruthless," she blurted out.

Domenico's eyes glittered. "I'm glad you're beginning to understand how I work."

Another limousine was parked right in the middle of the hangar when they landed, and yet another parade of uniformed guards as well as two airport officials waited for them below. While Domenico signed the papers the officials handed to him, he kept an eye on Misty. He had trouble keeping his lips from twitching when he heard her speak with the guard standing closest to her and asking him his name. He knew that Misty felt uncomfortable having so many people work for him and not knowing them all by name, but if she kept this up then the list of names she would have to memorize was going to be endless.

Inside the limousine, Domenico had to take a call from the pack leader of the Cavaliers, but his gaze remained firmly at Misty, enchanted with how she seemed to derive so much fun simply playing with the controls of the car.

Domenico couldn't prevent a bark of laughter from escaping when Misty pushed a button that had a drawer from the side shooting out and almost hitting her face with it.

She made a face at him. "I didn't know it was for this drawer."

"Domenico?" Filippo Cavalier's voice pulled him back to the phone conversation he was having.

Looking away abruptly from Misty, he murmured, "Mi dispiace." Continuing in Italian, Domenico said, "I am hoping she can start working for you this week."

"Of course," Filippo responded readily, chuckling. "But I pray she will be ready for the women to bitch at her. You know how they are. They will be greatly disappointed to find out that you have taken up a lover again."

Filippo's misassumption of what Misty was to him was expected, but he did not bother correcting the other man. It was, after all, what he wanted to happen. "Thank you for this. She will be in my life for a long time so I thought it would be better that she was exposed to how our world works."

Domenico ended the call just as the limousine drew to a stop in front of the main entrance of the hotel his family owned as well.

Misty walked with him quietly but dug her feet when she saw where they were going. She looked up at him incredulously. "You're taking me to a ball?"

"Yes. I wish to announce my engagement to you."

"Are you serious?" she burst out. Waving a distracted hand to herself, she demanded, "Don't you see how I'm dressed?" Misty's eyes strayed to the ballroom, its opened doors revealing a throng of guests attired in the latest fashion - the kind she only saw printed on society pages. And he wanted her to join this crowd in her most ho-hum office outfit?

Tugging at his hand because he was trying to drag her inside again, Misty hurriedly gestured to the woman in black staring at them and whispering to her companion from the refreshment table. "Look at her. Her gown probably cost my salary for the entire year. You can't possibly want me to go in with you looking---" She couldn't speak anymore, not when Domenico's hand curled around her nape, bringing her close as he bent down to take her lips with a kiss.

When he released her, she could only gaze up at him, a little dazed but knowing her lips were made red by his kiss.

He looked back at her with satisfaction. "You look exactly how I want you to be. Now come. I want everyone to know who I am marrying."

Inside, a beautiful mosaic painting hung from one of the walls of the ballroom and her eyes widened, recognizing the name straight from the company newsletters.

"It's your father's birthday?" she yelped. "I don't have a gift---"

"You are my gift to him."

She gave him a look that spoke volumes of what exactly she thought of his line, which was too glib to be true.

He laughed. "Only you, darling, would dare look at me so."

But Misty's attention was already taken away by the crowd again, which seemed to take several steps away from them as they walked further in. Every one of them was dazzlingly attractive. Not beautiful per se but appealing in the way that Domenico was, their sexual magnetism a potent and tangible force.

It made her whisper, "Are they all werewolves like you?"

A smile in his voice, he whispered back, "Yes...and because we have extraordinary hearing, all of them heard your question."

Her mouth parted in horror. "Kill me," she managed to say finally. "Now, please?"

He laughed and pulled her closer to him as he walked towards his family.

Dio, the patriarch, didn't look a day over forty. He also didn't plan on giving her the time of the day, nodding at her curtly before engaging Domenico immediately in an angry flurry of Italian.

Elena, Domenico's mother and an incredible dark-skinned beauty, stepped in gracefully with a warm smile. "Hello, dear. It's a pleasure to meet you," she murmured as she drew Misty in a hug.

When Elena released her, Domenico was back at her side. He kissed his mother, sent a warning look to the twins - who were busy elbowing each other and giving them knowing looks - before kissing the three young girls one at a time.

"Everyone, it's my pleasure to have you meet Misty Wall, who has done me the honor of accepting my proposal." He gave them a moment to absorb his news before smiling down at Misty. "Misty, I'd like you to meet my family. These are my three sisters, Esmeralda, Estrella, and Emilia." The trio said hi to her cheerfully. Then he introduced the twins, Alessandro and Alejandro, adding right after, "Avoid them as much as possible. They're trouble."

"You're just afraid we might steal her away from you," Alessandro said, winking at her.

Domenico ignored that, gesturing to his parents next. "And these are Elena and Dio."

"I'm pleased to meet all of you," she said, not wanting to stammer but unable to stop herself from doing so. Why couldn't Domenico give her even the slightest warning of what he planned?

Misty caught Elena giving her husband a warning look before smiling at Misty. "Welcome to the family, dear."

Dio gave Misty another curt nod, but his eyes were hard. He said abruptly to Domenico, "I'd like to have a moment with you. Now."

Domenico inclined his head. "Of course, Father. Your wish has always been my command." There was a hint of mocking in his tone that confused Misty. She would never have pegged him to be the disrespectful type.

When the two left, Elena's smile was strained. She beckoned her daughters to come forward, murmuring, "Girls, why don't you take Misty to the refreshments table? I'm sure she's thirsty." She didn't wait for the girls to agree and followed husband and son. Misty had a feeling that Elena would have run if she didn't happen to have what seemed like a ten-foot-long train trailing behind her.

Alejandro shook his head. "Here we go again." He and his twin left, too.

Misty started when someone curled an arm around hers. It was Emilia. The young girl was just about fifteen, clearly the baby of the family. "You shouldn't mind them. My dad and Domenico always fight. It's not a big thing, really. If they were girls, they'd be long past this misunderstanding. But you know boys."

They had reached the refreshments table by then. Esmeralda was nodding sagely. "Boys are trouble."

Misty wanted to ask what exactly the trouble was didn't, afraid it would make her seem too curious or meddlesome.

Estrella, the most quiet of the three and the eldest, too, gave her an understanding smile, as if understanding Misty's trepidation. "Are you really marrying my brother?"

She didn't hesitate to answer. "Yes."

"Then I suppose you should know what's between Domenico and our father. No one else would tell you." She glanced at Esmeralda.

The middle sister nodded. "Domenico used to have a twin. Then, Domenico had been wild and fun, like the younger twins. That's what they say at least. His twin - our brother - Danilo, he was the serious one. Like Estrella."

Emilia giggled while Estrella rolled her eyes. "You seriously had to say that?"

Esmeralda answered that with a grin before continuing, "But even though they're opposites, Danilo and Domenico always, always spent time together. They liked to go hiking. One time, my father warned them not to go because there were reports of rogue werewolves out to kill. Domenico insisted on going, escaping late at night. Danilo went with him to make sure he was safe."

"They were attacked, weren't they?" Misty asked even though she already knew the answer.

"The bad things are always so easy to guess, isn't it?" Esmeralda said sadly. "Yes, they were attacked. They managed to escape, but then Danilo lost his balance and would have fallen in a cliff if Domenico hadn't caught hold of him. Unfortunately, Domenico was badly hurt by then, having been weakened by their fight. It wouldn't be much longer till he'd slip. Danilo knew Domenico would never let go, and it would only mean they'd both fall to their death. Danilo made a decision---"

"He let go."

"To save Domenico's life," Esmeralda said.

"And your father? He blames Domenico for what happened?"

"In a moment of anger. You know how we say things we don't mean. My father was so furious and...he was grieving. Domenico, he just became wilder and wilder. One night, my father exploded and said, he wished that Danilo was the one alive."

Estrella was the one who spoke next. "And the next day, Domenico had changed. He was no longer wild, no longer..." Her voice lowered. "He was just suddenly perfect. He used to smile all the time, but not anymore. Everything he did was perfect, but he tends to choose alternatives that are sure to make Father angry."

Misty almost didn't want to ask the obvious. But she had to. "Like marrying me, you mean?"

Emilia squeezed her hand, rushing to say, "Please don't take it personally. My father simply wants Domenico to marry any pack princess. Times are hard these days and we need to strengthen alliances. Marriage is the best way to do that. Of course, Domenico would disagree. And now he's brought you---"

Again, she had to ask, "Do you guys hate me?" Would they suddenly become sisters-in-law from hell, out to punish her for daring to marry their beloved, unreachable brother?

Estrella was shocked. "Of course not. It's obvious that Domenico cares for you. He smiled at you, didn't he? We just want to make sure that you understand what's happening...you're possibly the only one to reach his heart. So make him come alive again, will you, Misty?"

Before she could answer, fingers suddenly clamped around his wrist. She looked up to meet Domenico's furious eyes. "We're leaving."

She barely had time to wave at his sisters. She was panting by the time they reached the lobby. His strides were so hard to keep up with. "What's wrong?" she asked, concerned.

Domenico shook his head. "Nothing."

Their limousine came to a stop and Domenico all but pushed her inside. The chauffeur shut the door closed. Domenico opened the chiller and took out a wine bottle. He punched a button and out came wine glasses. He poured the wine in a glass and drank it in one gulp.

"Are you okay?"

"Not really."

Her heart constricted at the sight of his hardened face. She had a feeling he was just hiding sadness behind that cold face of his. She wondered madly what she could do to amuse him. Then she had an idea and fished out her mobile phone, hurriedly punching buttons to get to the right message.

The continuous beeping of pressed key buttons pulled Domenico out of long-buried but never forgotten memories. He frowned at the sight of Misty with her head bent down, hair falling to cover most of her face. "What are you doing?"

"I have a joke," she blurted out.

His frown darkened even more. "A what?"

God, what am I doing, she asked herself.

The frown was scary. It reminded her of the fact that this guy was a werewolf. What if he got so mad he decided to eat her? "Umm...on second thought---"

Domenico crossed his arms against his chest. He placed the wine glass down. "I'm sorry. Please continue."

"Ah..."

"You have a joke, don't you? Share it, please."

Shick. When he sounded like that, she felt like she had no power to refuse. He was in BOSS mode and it made her revert to EMPLOYEE mode.

If---when---we marry, it can't be like this. It won't be like this, she promised to herself.

"Misty?"

She almost jumped.

Stupid, stupid, Misty. What have you gotten yourself into now?

She cleared her throat. "There were three guys..."

Domenico raised a brow. "I hope this isn't a sexual joke."

"Not...really?"

"Or a joke about stupidity," he added.

"Umm..."

He rolled his eyes. "Go on."

"I can't," she practically wailed. "You're scaring me!"

That made him blink. Then Domenico started to laugh. "I have, haven't I?" His laughter faded. "I'm sorry for that." He looked at her, glued to the other end of the seat. "Come here, Misty." He patted the space next to him.

She went to him tentatively.

"Closer."

She moved an inch.

"Misty," he growled.

She moved two inches closer.

He sighed and without further ado, he pulled her close to him until they were skin to skin, her back against his chest. He sighed again, relaxing. Misty had that effect on him, and it was extremely nice, especially after another bitter exchange of words with his father.

"Relax, Misty. Get used to this. We're getting married, remember?" His arm tightened around her waist as he spoke the words. More and more, Domenico was realizing how much her presence meant to him, and it was unnerving. This hadn't been part of the plan at all.

Domenico leaned his head back and closed his eyes. When he did, he felt Misty gradually relaxing against him as well, her back curving naturally to his chest.

"Tell me the joke," he murmured.

Reluctance lined her voice when she said, "Are you sure?"

"Yes."

She cleared her throat. "So, there were three guys stranded in the island. Jack, Jim, and John."

He smirked without opening his eyes.

The women he knew would never make a joke like this. It would be something else, something witty, satirical even, and sophisticated. Or naughty - anything to impress him.

"Now, these three guys were stranded in an island. Bandits had caught them and brought the three to their leader. The leader then orders them to bring him 10 pieces of any fruit."

He heard her pushing buttons of her phone and knew she was scrolling down to read of the rest of her joke. Domenico wanted to smile but managed to stop himself in time. Too much smiling would make him weak, and he didn't want that.

Misty continued, "Jack was the first one to come back. He brought with him 10 apples. The leader then tells him that each and every one of them would have to be shoved in his butt."

Domenico choked.

Misty was already into the joke and didn't notice Domenico's reaction. The chauffeur and bodyguard in front snickered. Then they caught sight of Domenico's frown through the rearview mirror and coughed.

"The leader also adds that if ever Jack grimaces or laugh, even just once, they'd cut his head off. Jack got as far as two before he grimaced. And then it was off with his head!" Misty was narrating the joke now like a standup comedian, hands flying in expansive gestures, now completely carried away.

This time, it was impossible for Meralco to stop himself from smiling. She looked simply adorable.

"Jim comes back with ten grapes. He's given the same ultimatum. By the ninth grape, however, he laughs. And it's off with his head, too!" Misty made a chopping motion.

"Now, Jack and Jim met each other in Heaven. Jack asks Jim, why did you laugh? You were on your 9th grape already. One more and you could have been saved." Misty couldn't help it and she fell to the seat, laughing. She knew the punch line of course, but it still made her double over literally.

Domenico nudged her, even as his smile widened at the picture she created. "Finish the joke."

She strived to control her laughter. "So Jim replies, I saw John coming back." She bit her lip to stop her laughter from bubbling over. "And he was carrying 10 pieces of pineapple."

Laughter from Misty, Domenico, and the two uniformed men rocked the limousine.

"Ah, Misty." She was still doubled over, laughing. She had probably heard the joke at least once before this but it still made her laugh. She was cute...and priceless.

Domenico pulled her to his lap and hugged her. Tightly.

That stopped her laughter. She gazed at him, wide-eyed, surprised at his sudden burst of affection. "Wow?"

He laughed and kissed her on the mouth. "Whoever hired you to work for my company deserves a cash bonus. I was lucky to find you, Misty."

She blushed at his words. "I'm lucky to have you, too."

He pulled her back and this time, she was able to relax and snuggle close in his lap.

"Come home with me?" he murmured.

She closed her eyes. "Yes."

Chapter Three

Dear Diary,

Domenico is mad at me.

When I see him furious, sometimes I have this ridiculous fantasy of Domenico tying me up and forcing himself on me. I imagine him binding my wrists and holding my arms over my head, thrusting into me from behind. I'd cry for him to stop, but all it does is just make him ram his c**k into me more and more. Is it so bad that I get all wet just thinking about it?

"Misty?"

"You know how Lyccan hearing is really good, right?"

"Uh huh." She wondered absently what he was getting at. She was so nervous. Had she truly agreed to go home with him? They were walking out of the airport now, and she felt like dragging her feet to delay the...inevitable? The unexpected? The anticipated?

"Well, I can hear your heartbeat right now."

Her jaw dropped open.

He regarded her solemnly. "And it's beating hard and fast."

Her face flushed with color. Hard. Fast. Those were very, very bad adjectives to choose. She couldn't stop herself from thinking about the two of them in bed.

Oh, dear.

How had Domenico turned her into a nympho in less than two days?

Domenico almost, almost laughed. Misty was absolutely priceless! He could read her every thought on her face. He knew exactly what she'd think when he used those words and she had not disappointed.

"Where are we going now?"

He was about to say something to make her blush again when his phone rang. It was a Council official, relating to him the massacre of a small group of individuals, all of whom came from prominent families. One of them was from his pack.

"Is something wrong?" Misty asked immediately when he ended the call, seeing his frown.

"An unfortunate matter that I can't postpone," he said absently. He glanced at her thoughtfully. "I'll have you deposited at my home first---"

Misty was shaking her head even before he was done speaking. "Oh, no. I'm not going to put a foot inside your house unless you're with me."

Domenico raised a brow, unused to being contradicted.

She raised one brow back even though her heartbeat went a notch up in speed. She was trying very hard to remember that he no longer her boss but her fiance. That gave her certain rights. Right?

"You're going to be stubborn about this, aren't you?"

"Umm..."

He shook his head. "Never mind. If that's what you want then fine."

She blinked at his cool tone. "Are you angry?"

Domenico paused to consider her question and didn't need more than a moment to realize that he was. Surprisingly, he was indeed angry although words like frustrated and irritated were probably more apt.

He had been looking forward to spending the night with her. Although he knew he would not take her virginity - a rare prize among Lyccans since their kind typically had sexual intercourse far earlier than humans did - before marriage, Domenico had nevertheless anticipated spending the night with Misty in his arms.

And yet here she was, apparently unaffected and uncaring. He understood her predicament - it would be her first time to be in his home and to do so alone would be awkward for her. He also knew he was acting spoiled, but he was unable to help it. Domenico was so used to women falling all over their feet to do his bidding that Misty doing otherwise was a huge, unwelcome shock.

Misty was still staring at him.

"No," he said finally. "I'm not." But his tone implied otherwise.

Misty fell silent, not knowing how to respond.

Half an hour later, his car stopped in front her home. "T-thanks," she said awkwardly as she stepped out of the car.

Domenico did not follow her out. Giving her a brief nod, he murmured, "I'll see you tomorrow." And then the car was driving away.

Misty had a very, very strong urge to cry.

~~~

Domenico stared at the victims' bodies, taking note of the bullet holes in their foreheads. Accurate and neat - mid-range distance, maybe, and not even a sniper was used. The killer obviously meant business.

"What do the forensic reports say?" he asked.

Another Lyccan, the pathologist spoke bleakly. "Silver bullets. Whoever the murderer is, he knows he's dealing with our kind. No signs of struggle either."

Or she, Domenico thought, too distrustful to rule out the possibility that a female could be behind the massacre. Staring at the lifeless bodies that crowded the morgue, Domenico exhaled a furious breath. That there had been no struggle meant the entire group had known who the killer was and probably trusted that person, too.

It confirmed what he long suspected: they had a traitor in their midst, and one whose face was familiar to most Lyccans. Someone famous then, but that could be any of a hundred or so individuals.

Beside him, Ricardo Hernandez cursed. He had lost even more than Domenico did to the massacre, with three of his younger pack mates dead. "This is the fourth incident of this kind," he muttered.

"They're getting bolder," Domenico murmured.

"Do you think it's the Caros, double-crossing us?"

He shook his head. "There's no way to be sure. All I know is that we have to tighten security even more."

There was a slight pause before the older man looked at him questioningly. "Have you given thought about my proposal?"

A double meaning. Ricardo had long been friends with Domenico's father and a month ago, Ricardo had proposed that their packs be united with marriage, specifically desiring a union between Dio's eldest Domenico and his eldest Rafaella.

Under any other circumstance, Domenico would not have hesitated to agree, would not have even considered marrying Misty if Dio had also happened to be dead set against the union. Ricardo's pack was just as powerful as the Morettis, and if they had allied themselves with a marriage, no other Lyccan pack would have dared stood in their way.

But Dio was in favor of it, and for that alone Domenico knew he would only agree to the alliance if it was the very last resort for saving the future of his kind.

He chose his words carefully, not wanting to offend Ricardo because he liked and respected the other man. "While I am truly honored---"

Ricardo sighed. "It's all right, son. I knew it was wishful thinking on our parts."

"If things were different," Domenico said truthfully, "I would not have even a moment's hesitation."

~~~

The next day, Misty got off the cab and was immediately drenched by hard torrents of rain. In the corner of her eye, she saw Janice being assisted out of a Mercedes Benz by one of the guys from 7/F. Clearly, William Grant was out of the picture.

As she ran for cover, hands over her bent head in a futile effort to keep herself from getting wet, Misty heard Janice tittering behind her. Tears burned her eyes. She had not been able to sleep the entire night, troubled by Domenico's cold demeanor. She wondered if it would always be like this whenever she did not do something he wanted.

She went inside, flushing at the gaping looks of the doormen whose gazes searched for a sign of Domenico behind her. When they didn't, they looked at her with pity, but she did her best to ignore that.

Her usual luck caused her to take the elevator with Janice, whose cruel laughter made it uncomfortably clear for everyone what she was thinking about.

"Poor Misty," Janice drawled in the pseudo-whispery tone that she had long perfected. "Have you disappointed Domenico Moretti already?" She smoothed her hand over the side of her dress, yet another skintight creation made of silk, as if emphasizing the slimness of her figure.

Misty didn't answer, preferring to stare straight ahead even though she felt like a fat cow next to the glamazon.

The rest of the day proceeded too slowly for her. Misty wished she could bury herself in her work, but she was already a week advanced. Lunch time, she stayed at her desk, taking out her lunch box.

For today, she had prepared for herself a huge helping of mac and cheese and grilled corn on the side. It was one of her favorite combinations for comfort food, something she tended to indulge in when she was feeling in the dumps. Right now, that was an understatement for how Misty was feeling, especially with the ill-concealed pity in people's gazes.

"I told you it wouldn't work," Janice was smugly telling Hannah, her voice loud enough for more than half of the office to hear.

Why didn't she just get a megaphone and be done with it, Misty wondered. Or just post it on the public Facebook page of Moretti Inc.? It would be less hard on her vocal chords at least.

"She's so out of league it's not even funny. He probably dated her out of pity, maybe she even blackmailed him?" Janice's blue eyes shone with malice. "Or, you know what? Maybe he did it because of a dare."

Hannah nodded thoughtfully. "You're probably right."

Domenico watched the scene from the CCTV, controlling himself with an effort. He had been observing her from the moment she had stepped out of the cab and when he saw Misty caught in a downpour, his first instinct was to help her. But then he reminded himself that she had to learn her lesson. He was the future pack leader, for chrissake. He could not afford to be weak and be controlled by a woman in any way. Misty had to learn early for herself that his word was law.

Yet was it a lesson worth teaching when Misty looked this forlorn?

Returning his attention to the CCTV, Domenico gritted his teeth at how she quietly took in the barbed insults coming her way. He zoomed in to where Janice and Hannah were huddled together, speaking in shrill loud voices that grated on his nerves. They knew Misty was hurt and delighted in it. How could they not when Misty's face was like an open book?

She should have looked pathetic in his eyes. This should have made him hesitate to proceed with marrying her for how could she rule as his future queen when she so easily let others step on her?

A tear dropped from Misty's eyes.

Dammit.

With just a few minutes left before her lunch break ended, Misty was only a third way through with her meal when a large shadow suddenly blocked her line of sight. She glanced up and spit out a forkful of mac and cheese when she realized who it was.

And just like that, Domenico's irritation at her vanished. It was impossible to stay angry with her when she was just so - her.

He slowly dusted away the bits of mac and cheese that managed to reach his shirt. The people around them were unsuccessfully trying to smother their laughter.

Misty wanted to die of embarrassment. Had she just spit out food on Domenico's expensive clothing? "I'm sorry---"

"It's my fault," he said graciously as he dragged the executive seat from another desk and placed it next to hers. He could have sat on any of the plain armchairs across her desk, but Domenico being Domenico, he'd rather not settle for anything less than the best unless it was entirely necessary.

The fact that she was starting to understand how his mind worked made Misty smile. It also made her hope that things were going to be better now.

"Are you still angry?" she blurted out.

He stared at her for a moment, just to make her squirm. And squirm she did. Then he leaned close and kissed her on the forehead. "What do you think?" he asked when he pulled away.

All Misty could do was smile at him, utterly besotted.

Unbelievably cute, he thought again.

"I'd like to share lunch with you here if you don't mind," he told her.

She blushed. "Of course I don't mind."

When she offered him her fork, he shook his head and said with a gleam in his eyes, "Feed me."

She choked again, but it was water thankfully this time.

He slowly brushed away droplets of water that landed on his sleeve.

Misty's face was fiery. Dear heavens, would her embarrassment never seize? She was willing to bet she was the most socially inept woman Domenico had ever dated. "You can break up with me now. Really. And I won't blame you. At all."

That was too much. He let out a short bark of laughter, amusement overcoming him. Looking at her, Domenico knew she meant every word. No other woman he had dated would react the same way. Well, actually, none of them would even dare choke or spit on him in the first place. But that was what made her unique.

A powerful surge of possessiveness filled his entire being. More and more, Domenico was convinced that letting go of a treasure like Misty would be the most foolish mistake he could do in his life. So she was not the most obedient woman in the world. He supposed he could live with that.

"Misty?"

She held her breath. "Domenico?"

"Can you finally come home with me tonight?"

Her jaw dropped and then her eyes brightened. A shy smile formed on her lips. "I thought you'd never ask that again."

His eyes dipped...and dipped some more until it settled on her br**sts, lingering there until her ni**les protruded against her blouse. He said softly, loving how her br**sts seemed to strain out, "Impossible. I want you too much."

"Domenico," she protested under her breath.

He settled a hand on her knee and cherished the gasp that she made when he squeezed her knee before moving his hand slowly up.

Although the desk completely hid the lower halves of their bodies from view, nobody really had to see to know what exactly Domenico was up to. The look on Misty's face said it all.

"Domenico." It was all she could say since she was too busy trying not to have a heart attack. Domenico's hand was splayed over her left thigh now, and it was all she could do not to move so he could touch her more intimately. She could feel everyone staring at them. Although it made her cringe, knowing that everyone in the office knew exactly what was going on, Misty was powerless to stop her body from reacting to his touch.

Dressed impeccably in a gray suit and an emerald green tie that matched his eyes, Domenico looked mouthwateringly gorgeous, with his eyes gleaming wickedly as he slowly let his fingers walk further up her thigh.

She squeezed her thighs shut instinctively, making him laugh.

"I'm looking forward to tonight," he said and pressed his thumb hard against her cl*t as he finished speaking.

Misty bit back a whimper.

"Think of me until it is time for me to take you to bed, mm?" Domenico withdrew his fingers and pressed a kiss on her forehead before standing up.

She watched him walk away, knowing he wouldn't look back at her as he did. And he didn't, because that was the man he was. But she was surprised when he turned around, walking to the center of the office and stopping before Janice's desk.

Misty watched Janice's smile vanish, her face whitening in fear as Domenico murmured something to her. Then he was gone.

Chapter Four

Dear Diary,

I suck at this. I don't know what to do now that I'm about to sleep in a guy's house. Do I buy new underwear? Would it be overkill if I did? What if I suck at third base and beyond?

And dear Lord, I know this is a silly question, but will it really fit? I've seen how his pants look near to splitting apart when he's aroused. I'm excited and terrified at the same time. I know this is shameless of me, but I'm glad that Domenico's c**k will be the first and the last one I'll see. I don't think there's going to be any room for comparison once I see it.

Tidying her desk at exactly five o'clock in the afternoon, Misty hurried out of the office and managed to slip inside the elevator just before the doors closed. When she pressed the P button for Domenico's penthouse office, someone tittered behind her back.

Misty absently looked back and that was when she realized everyone had been - again - staring at her. She also realized that everyone knew she was going up to Domenico. She immediately blushed even though she knew they had no way guessing what she had been thinking. Or did they?

Face turning red, she mumbled, "I have someone to do---"

Everyone smirked, and she hastily corrected herself while mentally banging her head on the wall. "I mean, I have something to do!" What was wrong with her? It was one humiliating blooper after another.

"We know," Bea from 8/F floor said just before stepping out. "We so totally know and are envious of it."

"Honestly, it's nothing like that," Misty said with an emphatic nod, but all she got were more knowing looks from the other passengers.

"Who cares? There's nothing wrong about indulging in a little kiss or two," Jim from 12/F said suggestively.

"It's really not like that!" she protested, uncomfortable at how everyone seemed to assume she was about to have mind-blowing sex the moment she reached Domenico's floor. Misty hurriedly added, "I mean, all of you know Mr. Moretti! He's not the type to play where he works. He's very, very serious. Have you ever seen him smile?" She could see they were beginning to believe her. Domenico was known for his gorgeous but unsmiling face.

"I did see him smile," admitted Heidi, who was also from 12/F. "Just once." Her eyes twinkled. "He was with you."

"Well---it's only because he always finds me amusing," she said, only half-joking. "But really, Mr. Moretti is a model of propriety and I don't think he'd be glad if any of us think of him that way."

"You mean us," Jim retorted. "Because you're his fiancee. He'll never get mad at you."

"But I'm his employee too, and he's entitled to everyone's respect here." She saw a chance to put a stop with all the teasing and eradicate her earlier blunder and seized it eagerly. "I've seen him mad just once and---" Misty pretended to shudder. "It was scary. So I really think all of us, including me, should, you know...stop with all the teasing. It's just not professional."

Her words were sinking in, she could see. She almost grinned. Now they were remembering that Domenico Moretti was everyone's boss - one who was respected by the entire business community. Definitely, he wouldn't do anything like...like make out with his employee at the workplace - even if that employee happened to be engaged to him.

Lorraine glanced at the ceiling-mounted CCTV dome camera nervously. "He wouldn't fire us for teasing you a while ago, right?" Everyone tensed at the reminder that their activity was being monitored. Even Jim paled a bit.

"Of course not," Misty assured them quietly while inside, she was jumping for joy.

She had done it! No more embarrassing teasing!

The elevator beeped as it reached the 12/F floor, where the accounting office was and everyone except her was heading.

She turned to her side so they could walk past her easily. "It's just that talking about private things in the workplace is not professional. And you know how Mr. Moretti---" She saw their eyes widen as they stared at something behind her back.

Oh, shick.

She had a feeling it would be him.

As everyone scurried out of the elevator, Misty slowly turned around and felt herself wilting at the sight of Domenico grinning at her.

Domenico, grinning.

It was a heavenly sight, and her entire body quivered in response.

Domenico stepped in, standing next to her as he pressed the Open button while the remaining employees of the accounting department filed out.

When the last one left, Domenico immediately released the button and backed Misty against the wall, covering her still-gaping mouth with his.

As the doors slid close and just before her mind shut down, Misty heard Bea snicker, "He kisses like a pro, I'll give her that. Maybe that's what she means?"

When they were alone, Domenico pulled away and burst into laughter.

It took her a moment to get over the dazed feelings that always overwhelmed her after Domenico's kisses. She stared at him, confused.

"Not so professional, huh?"

She gasped. "H-how----"

He pointed up.

The CCTV! She groaned. "You heard everything?"

"Let's just say that the 'someone' you want to do is eager to get the, err, doing done."

"Someone please just kill me before I embarrass myself to death," she muttered. Her face probably wouldn't stop flaming until the day was over. She was finally resigned to that fact. What was wrong with her?

Domenico could see that Misty was seriously miserable and he pulled her in his arms. "It's okay."

She shook her head adamantly but said nothing.

He grinned. "No, really, it's okay. You know why?"

Misty looked at him questioningly.

"Because sooner or later, you will be doing me---"

Her hand had slammed against his mouth before he could finish. "Never mind, I'd rather not know," she mumbled, making him laugh.

Later, she and Domenico were back again inside his limo as Matteo drove them to his home. While Domenico spoke on his mobile phone about one deal or another, she used the time to send text messages to all her siblings. It was her time to give them a fib, and it made her uneasy.

By the time they reached Domenico's palatial home, Misty's anxiety had reached disastrous levels already. The ever-present parade of guards just made her more nervous. If she messed up and disappointed Domenico in bed, would his battalion of bodyguards somehow know about it as well? Would they be close enough to hear Domenico sigh in disappointment when she failed to arouse him---

"Misty."

"Yep?" she strangled out.

Domenico held her nape, tilted her head up, and kissed her - long, hard, and deep enough to drive all the worries away he could scent from her. As she moved close to him, he brought his hands down to curve around her bu**ocks, squeezing them before using it to propel her forward so that she could feel his arousal.

"See how hard I am for you, darling?" he said against her lips. "There's nothing to worry about."

When he stepped back, his desire only ignited even more at the soft, passion-glazed look in Misty's eyes. Dammit, the wedding had to be in a week. He wouldn't last any longer than that.

Curving an arm around her waist, he said quietly, "Let me take care of things. You don't have to be in charge now. I'm here and you have someone to take care of you. Get used to it."

Misty bit her lip but nodded, realizing that what he said was true. As the eldest of the brood, she had grown used to depending on herself alone and not sharing her worries. As they slowly walked past the guards, Misty colored when she saw their eyes twinkling from otherwise expressionless faces.

"For a guy who doesn't like to smile, you sure care too little about PDA."

Privately, he thought the same, but he knew it wouldn't do to let Misty know how much she was causing him to change. There was no point giving anyone - not even Misty - such power over him.

He explained blandly, "It's the Lyccan in me. Passion is a natural and integral part of us. It's something we don't bother - and never want to - hide." It was and wasn't the truth.

She pondered his words as they crossed the foyer. That probably explained why Domenico was so frank and aggressive. Dishonesty to his kind was no doubt considered not something evil, but simply something...unnecessary.

"Are you hungry?"

"Just a bit," she admitted.

He led her to the living room, easily the size of a small-town theater. A black and silver chandelier dominated the room. Since the leather couches and blinds were also in black and the same color scheme was used in his penthouse office, Misty didn't have a hard time guessing Domenico's favorite color. It made her smile. It was yet another sign of how possessive he was, being a Lyccan - so much so that he had to mark his territory with his colors.

"Wait here and I'll have the cook prepare us a light meal."

Misty nodded and sat gingerly on one of the armrests. The sheer size and splendor of the room didn't really intimidate her, but Domenico's complete indifference to it did. She couldn't imagine being that blase about this amount of wealth surrounding her.

A sound made her turn to the doorway which she presumed led to the kitchen. A large white wolfhound padded inside. It had beautiful hazel eyes and its white coat gleamed under the fluorescent light.

"Hi," she said hesitantly, not wanting to accidentally risk offending anyone if the wolfhound happened to be Lyccan as well.

It barked.

"I'm...Misty."

It took a semi-sitting position and stared at her expectantly.

Should she say something else? "I work for Mr. Moretti." She still couldn't bring herself to say she was his fiancee. It was still too...surreal.

From the doorway, remaining unobserved, Domenico watched in utter fascination as Misty continued with her one-sided conversation.

Finally, he cleared his throat.

Misty looked up. Then she smiled tentatively at him. "I was just making small talk---"

"With a dog," he told her solemnly.

"With a---" She turned to the wolfhound. "Not Lyccan?"

It was very, very hard not to laugh but he managed. "Not Lyccan," he affirmed.

Misty slowly bent her head and covered her face.

The stance alarmed him. Damn! Had he made her cry with all his teasing? "Misty?"

She looked up and he was shocked to see that she was laughing with tears in her eyes.

Was she hysterical? "Misty?"

She kept on laughing. God! She was such an idiot! "I finally figured out why I'm acting like some fool." Misty took a deep breath and admitted the truth with a helpless shrug. "I'm so nervous and excited about kissing you and doing...those things...that my mind just isn't working properly."

The desire that he had so carefully kept leashed broke free. Without a word, he swept her in his arms and kissed her as he made his way up to the bedroom. She gasped against his mouth, but he didn't cease the pressure of his kiss. He watched her sigh and surrender, eyes closing, arms going around his neck.

It was only when he had locked the door and set her down that she started acting uneasy again.

He quelled her protests and struggles with one look. He crooked a finger. "Come here."

She did.

"Closer."

So she did.

"I'm going to undress you."

For the life of her, Misty couldn't bring herself to speak. Her entire body was heating up and all she could do was stare at him and wait. Her skin burned every time it felt the brush the touch of his fingers. Before she knew it, her shirt was on the floor. Seconds later, and it was joined by her skirt.

Misty's arms immediately crisscrossed over her chest and panties. She didn't know which one she should cover first even though Domenico was doing his best to drive her crazy with his kisses.

Domenico chuckled against her mouth as he pulled her hands away.

They fell limply against her sides as she felt Domenico unclasping her bra and tossing it to the floor. He started moving them toward the bed until the back of her knees hit it.

Domenico immediately lifted her onto the bed, skimming her panties down her thighs as she landed on her back. It was so fast that she was na**d by the time she blinked up at him.

"Don't," Domenico said hoarsely as she attempted to cover herself again.

The intensity of her gaze made Misty feel even hotter and she wrapped her arms around her chest more tightly while twisting her legs closed.

"I was unable to sleep the entire night just imagining you like this. Let me look at you, Misty. Please?"

She swallowed. "It's...embarrassing," she whispered.

"Don't be embarrassed with me. Ever. I'm going to be your husband. We'll be spending the rest of our lives together." He touched her face and let his fingers caress a trail to her neck. He felt her shiver. "Let me look at you."

She slowly let her arms drop to her sides again. Misty watched him watching her and slowly, she stopped being embarrassed. It was impossible to stay so when he was gazing at her so reverently, as if he was worshipping her body.

"You're still dressed," she said shyly.

He smiled. "Undress me?" he invited huskily.

Without a word, she reached for the buttons of his shirt. She wasn't as graceful as he was, but she did manage to get his shirt and pants off. She only hesitated when he was down to his briefs.

Domenico grinned at her hesitation even though it was already killing him not to pounce on her.

Damn, but she was sexier than he had even imagined.

He quickly got rid of his briefs and, not giving her a chance to worry even more, Domenico covered her body entirely with his. He groaned. She whimpered. The feel of her br**sts, with its hardened tips, made him hungrily seek her lips with his.

Sensations of such heat that it was immeasurable licked every inch of her body. She couldn't believe she was na**d in Domenico's arms, couldn't believe that his kisses just kept getting better and better, couldn't believe how right it felt.

Then and there she knew.

She loved this man. She had only known him for a few days, but there was no denying the truth. She loved him.

Misty closed her eyes as his lips descended her body. His weight pressed her down more firmly as his lips reached her collarbone.

Domenico's hands began to explore her body and she closed her eyes, doing her best to keep the moans inside her when his touch sent jolts of electricity through her body, one after another, never stopping that she had to gasp breathlessly at the sheer pleasure of it.

When he finally cupped her br**sts, she couldn't help it. She let out a long moan, her body arching as he took one tip into his mouth and sucked. As he sucked harder, she moaned even more. The sounds coming out of her mouth made Misty mentally cringe but she couldn't stop them.

Everything inside Domenico demanded for release. It was the most intense craving he had ever experienced, making him want to take her in all ways possible. The feel of Misty's na**d body in his arms, under his hands, the sound of her moans and gasps - all of it had a devastating effect on his fast crumbling control.

Misty started to get bold, her hand tentatively moving, sweeping his chest, stroking his back, and moving down.

He caught her wrist in time. "Misty?" His voice was harsh.

"Yes?" Hers came out as a croak.

"I want you to still a virgin when we marry."

"I don't think I want to be," she said honestly because her mind was too filled up with the possibilities of greater pleasure...especially when he was finally inside her. Just the thought of it made her restless and she shifted under him, trying to search for a satisfying position.

He bit back a groan. "Misty, stop moving."

"I can't." She sounded completely bewildered, irritated, and something else that made him want to forget all his honorable intentions.

But he still held on. "Believe me when I say it's killing me more than you know, but we need to wait. However, instead of marrying in a month, I want you to marry me next week. Agreed?" His voice brook no argument.

"Yes." Then she asked, almost sadly, "We're not going to..."

He laughed. It was the first time for him to laugh but still feel out of his mind with desire. She was utterly cute, utterly priceless. As a way of inspiring himself not to succumb to the temptation of taking her virginity, he vowed to himself that when they did marry, he wouldn't let her leave the bed for three nights. Maybe four, five...

He smoothed her hair and kissed her forehead.

She sighed and pulled him closer, kissing his shoulder. Her body felt so hot and tingly, aching too, in places she hadn't known. She moved restlessly against him again.

Domenico repressed a shudder when Misty's teeth nipped his neck. In return, he turned her head sideways, nuzzling her cheek before biting her ear and tweaking one tip with his fingers at the same time.

She gasped and stiffened, pulling him more tightly against her.

"I think I want to do it now," she said, unable to believe that she had actually said the words. But she really wanted to! And they were going to be married! What was wrong with doing it now?

"Stop tempting me," he gritted out as he held her h*ps to stop it from moving.

"But---"

"We're not going to do it and that's final. But I promise you, you'll still like what will happen and I'll make you gasp night long." He didn't wait for her answer.

She wouldn't have been able to anyway. Because by then, Domenico was kissing her all the way down until---

"No," she yelped when she realized what he was about to do.

"Not---" She gasped at the first lick of his tongue against the folds of her womanhood.

Her head fell back at the second lick.

She clutched his head at the third, making him chuckle and kiss her even more deeply.

She did not stop gasping from that point and until the pleasure waves reached its peak, making her body arch, her eyes rolling back at the sensation. "Domenico," she gasped and her body shuddered as she came and came and came again, his tongue never ceasing to lick her.

Domenico lapped every drop of pleasure from Misty's essence, loving how her sleek soft thighs trembled in his touch.

He couldn't believe how turned on he was just seeing Misty reach an orgasm. Just imagining what it would feel like when he could finally be inside her made his erection even more painful, but the exquisite pain that came with the anticipation was one he relished.

He had been prepared to marry someone he might not be attracted to in order to thwart his father's plans for him, but he had been blessed. Misty was everything he wanted - and more. He would never make her regret choosing him.

Never.

Chapter Five

Dear Diary,

I never knew I could be such an exhibitionist, but the more time I spend with Domenico, the more I'm sure I would risk almost everything just to have him kiss me. And touch me. I can't get enough of his touch. Just looking at him makes my br**sts ache. It amazes me that I seem to have the same effect on him.

Sometimes at work, we would be in the elevator and he would stand behind me, pressing his erection to my back, teasing my cl*t into life while everyone has their eyes on the floor numbers. A part of me is dismayed when he does that, but the bigger and more shameful part of me wants to know how it would feel to come with other people around - but without them knowing about it.

It must be amazing to be as sexy as Domenico.

The morning-after had not been awkward. It couldn't be since Domenico was already gone by the time she woke up in the middle of the afternoon. She had been aghast at the time and would have panicked if not for Domenico's butler telling her that Domenico wanted her to take the day off and to meet him at a nearby restaurant.

And now she was here. A receptionist had shown her to a private room. Domenico had been talking on the phone when she had come in, but he had smiled at her so beautifully it made her heart race.

She remained standing, content just to look at him.

No matter from what angle she looked, he was just too sexy. No matter what he did, no matter what he wore, he exuded a kind of magnetism that made one stop and just stare. She herself could stare at him for days without getting tired of him.

She watched with helpless longing as Domenico took off his shades, placing them on the table before running one hand through his hair. Her mouth dried as he slowly stood from his seat, mesmerized at the way every suit he wore seemed tailored to emphasize the elegance and ruthless strength of his whipcord thin body.

Fingers snapped in front her.

Misty straightened, surprised to see Domenico already standing inches before her, an odd look in his eyes. "Are you all right, darling?"

She swallowed, "Yes, sir---uh, Domenico," she corrected herself quickly. Dear, dear Lord...why was she feeling so hot? The air-conditioning was fine, wasn't it?

Maybe, a sly voice inside her head suggested, it's because you're H.

H?

Have the hots for him, horny---

I am not!

Snap!

"Misty." Domenico wore a puzzled frown this time.

Oh God, she had been talking to herself.

She managed a weak smile. "Sorry. I was just thinking."

Domenico raised a brow. "About what?"

"Nothing." But her blush gave her away.

Domenico bent down to stare straight into her eyes. "Really?" he asked slyly.

She took a step back. She couldn't help it.

But he countered each step with another step forward until she found herself yelping as her back hit the wall.

Domenico's hands were suddenly braced against the wall, forming a barrier on each side of her face and effectively imprisoning her in place.

"I wasn't thinking anything important." But her voice trembled in the end. God, God, he was so near. His lips were so near. And he smelled so good. And God, God...

He laughed. "Liar."

Domenico's lips touched the edge of her mouth.

Misty wanted to turn so their lips could meet, but she couldn't. She didn't have the confidence just yet, even with everything that happened last night. That time still felt like a dream.

"Tell me," Domenico whispered, his mouth near her ear this time.

"I..."

He licked her ear.

She jumped.

"What were you thinking about?"

He cupped her face.

And she realized she couldn't lie. "You." She couldn't elaborate, wasn't allowed to elaborate because Domenico was kissing her deeply then.

An hour later and they were seated across each other, Misty glaring and Domenico smiling complacently as blushing and giggling waitresses served them their food.

When they left, Misty burst out, "They knew!"

Domenico shrugged. "So?"

"What do you mean so?" she sputtered. "They knew we---w-we----" She couldn't get the words out, but her red face said what she had to say.

"I wanted you. You wanted me. We're about to be married," Domenico said simply, finally looking at her. "They didn't see us, did they?"

"But they heard us!" In fact, she could remember the five times she moaned and the particular thud that her back made when he slammed her against the wall and made her come in his mouth - again, with his tongue thrusting in and out of her.

She closed her eyes in mortification.

And even if they hadn't heard them making noise, the way Domenico was acting said it all. There was an unmistakable air about him, one that told everyone very clearly he had just been satisfied, sexually, and completely.

Domenico nearly smiled, but he didn't because he could see Misty was halfway to being seriously upset. "Cara, Lyccans are not like humans. I told you already, didn't I? We are not as uninhibited as humans are. Passion is definitely not something to hide. I'm not saying we're ruled by it but we don't find shame in enjoying it - especially if it's with the right person."

"But we're in a restaurant!"

Domenico almost smiled again. She reminded him of that cute kid in the Disney movie - the one that the girls had made him watch with them years back. But it's a talking dog!

"No one saw us. So what's the problem? Didn't you enjoy it?"

Misty looked tormented.

This time he laughed. He knew why she was looking like she was about to have diarrhea. She wanted to be honest but at the same time felt embarrassed at doing so.

"You're so hard to understand," Misty mumbled.

"Am I?"

"You were supposed to be cold. Everyone thinks you're cold." Misty sounded almost accusing. "But you're not!"

And there, Domenico thought, was the difference.

Any other woman would have rejoiced in making him lose his cool. Because Misty was right. He did not normally act like this. Yes, he was Lyccan and yes, his kind was very passionate. But Domenico used to be different from other Lyccans...until now.

Until Misty.

But she didn't know that and he liked it that way.

It was beginning to be clear to him that Misty was going to be more important to him than he expected her to be, dangerously so. It was imperative that she did not realize that. If his own father - his own flesh and blood, someone he had once idolized - could hurt him so deeply, then Misty - who owed him nothing - could do worse.

He smiled at her, knowing that his thoughts - unlike hers - were completely hidden from Misty. "I promise I'll never make love to you again until we're married. Will that make you happy then?"

She looked tormented again.

He laughed. "Come on, come on. You know you want to say it," he murmured silkily.

How did he know her so well in so short a time, she wondered. But out loud, she said reluctantly, honestly, "No. That's not going to make me happy."

"Great. Because I wasn't about to keep that promise anyway." He suddenly took her hand across the table and brought it to his lips. "Never lie to me, hmm, Misty? Even if it's out of embarrassment. I despise dishonesty."

She nodded, trembling still at the touch of his lips against her skin. She wanted to tell him that he shouldn't lie to her, too, but in their circumstances, she didn't really have the right, did she? Glancing at Domenico and seeing the brooding look on his face, she said haltingly, "What about you?"

Domenico was startled. "What about me?"

"You didn't get to---" She blushed.

Mesmerized at the play of emotions on her face, he drawled out, "Is that an offer to make me come, darling?"

Swallowing, she nodded.

He smiled, knowing she was probably mentally squirming by now. "Relax, Misty. I don't ever want you to think that you have to return the favor every time I give you an orgasm. I like doing it for you," he said simply, honestly.

Misty's gaze was earnest when it sought his, making him suck his breath as she said shakily but feelingly, "I want to pleasure you."

His c**k immediately rose to attention. "What," he said slowly, "do you have in mind?"

Misty gulped at the hunger in his eyes, and his challenging tone made her wonder if she was truly ready for what she was about to do. Taking a deep breath, she said, "I want to take you in my mouth." She closed her eyes the moment she said it, feeling her cheeks heat.

"Are you sure you want to?"

Her eyes flew open at the mocking doubt in Domenico's tone. Even though she knew he was only teasing her, she felt defensive. Lifting her chin, Misty said, "Yes."

"Then come and kneel before me."

Here it goes, Misty thought, and her panties immediately became wet at the thought of what was about to happen. The thought of making him come in her mouth, of being able to make someone like Domenico Moretti lose control, was enough for her heart to beat madly and her br**sts to throb in exquisite pain.

She got up from her seat and knelt between her knees as he turned his chair away from the table.

Seeing Misty in a subservient position brought out something fierce and primitive from inside him, and Domenico's c**k swelled even more. "Unzip my pants and take my c**k out," he said, lust causing his voice to thicken.

With none too steady hands, Misty carefully lowered here zipper, pushing the black briefs to the side so his c**k would spring free. Even though it was her second time to see his cock, the sheer length and girth of it still made her gasp.

Domenico almost smiled. He would have if he did not have the most painful hard-on in his life. He had never been this excited for a blowjob. "Do you think you can take all of me?"

She nodded.

"Then start holding me first, stroke me up and down like that." He grunted when her fingers found him and she did as asked, quickly finding a rhythm that had him clutching the armrest hard.

"Slowly take me in your mouth...aah." Domenico's fingers clenched around the armrest even though he knew he was close to breaking his chair. The warmth of Misty's mouth surrounding his c**k was a pleasure like no other.

Misty did her best to take as much of Domenico's c**k as she could, but she could only manage a few inches before she felt the gag reflex kicking in.

"Relax your throat," Domenico gritted out. "Take it slowly."

Focusing on his words, Misty tried again, this time concentrating on the strangely addictive taste of Domenico's c**k as she sucked him. The words worked like magic, her mouth and throat relaxing in a way that let her take almost his entire length.

Domenico's head rolled back. "Yes. Like that." He groaned as her teeth grazed the sensitive tip of his cock.

Hearing Domenico's sounds of pleasure made Misty wetter, and she instinctively tried to move faster, one hand holding the base of his c**k more confidently while her other hand caressed the balls underneath.

Domenico's fingers gripped her hair, using it to guide her movements. He tried his best to keep his h*ps from thrusting too hard into her mouth but as he became closer and closer to reaching an orgasm, it became near impossible to control his movements.

"Pull out now if you don't want me to come in your mouth," he rasped, letting go of her hair as he focused on keeping himself from ejaculating.

In response, Misty, without releasing his c**k from her mouth, took his hands again and put it back on her hair.

Domenico lost all control after that. Gripping her hair hard, he thrust his c**k into her mouth and exploded, his body shuddering at the force of his release.

Misty did her best to swallow it all in, but there was just too much and some of the salty white liquid dribbled out of her mouth. She slowly let go of his cock, blushing when it came out of her mouth with a loud pop. For a moment, she could only stare at him wide-eyed, unable to believe what she had done - and how much pleasure she had derived simply from giving him head.

Domenico opened his eyes and caught sight of the look of stunned realization on Misty's lovely face. Taking the napkin from the table, he gently wiped her lips clean, finding it hard to believe that it was her first time to suck cock.

"Are you really sure you didn't take lessons before this?" he teased her as he slowly pulled Misty up.

Her nose wrinkled as she admitted a bit wryly, "You were my first French kiss, Domenico."

He cupped her chin possessively at that and took her lips in a kiss, loving how she tasted like him when his tongue swept in. "I will also be your last."

When he let go of her, Domenico saw Misty's surprised gaze stray down to his still erect cock. "Shouldn't it be, umm, resting by now?"

He shook his head. "Lyccans have more stamina than men." He paused.

She raised a brow.

"And I have more stamina than most Lyccans." He waited and was not disappointed when she blushed. He grinned.

After insisting on helping Domenico fix his clothes, Misty let Domenico pull her into his lap and feed her. They talked about her family and more of his work at the Lyccan Council, Misty sobering a bit when she learned more about the recent killings.

"Do you have any suspicion about who it could be behind those murders?"

He nodded. "But they're not worth discussing since they are merely suspicions."

When they finished their meal, two of the restaurant's female servers bustled in, one taking care of the dishes while the other handing him the bill. He gave his credit card, and with his gaze lingering on Misty's mouth, he murmured, "Charge me for the napkin, too. It's been...used."

Misty and the two other women blushed as Domenico continued staring at Misty's mouth, the reference more than apparent.

Inside the limousine and on their way to a salon Domenico insisted she have her hair cut and styled, Misty accused, "You did that deliberately."

He did not even bother denying it, and instead used a lock of her hair to tug her close for a quick hard kiss that was more than sufficient to make her cl*t ache. "Darling, I'm just staying true to my promise. I want to prove to everyone how much I want to f**k you."

Inside the salon, Misty was assisted to yet another private room. When they were alone, she met Domenico's gaze through the mirror. Her eyes widened at the contemplative look at his face as he glanced around the room, noting the lock on the door and the other available seats. Misty burst out, "No! Not here!"

He laughed, and Misty realized he was simply teasing with her.

"That was mean of you!"

He kissed her protesting mouth. "I only live to please you, darling. Every f**king way I can."

When the salon's staff came back in, Misty's face was still red enough for the makeup artist to ask if she was using any blush.

The hair stylist added highlights to her hair without taking out any of its length, thanks to Domenico's explicit warning against cutting it. She was already given a lesson on applying cosmetics, which surprised her. Domenico explained, "You'll need it sooner or later when we start attending events together so we might as well get that out of the way."

Then they headed to an exclusive fashion boutique. The fact that none of the dresses hanging on the racks had any price tags worried her immensely.

"Have your wedding gown designed. It will be ready by the time we marry."

"I'd rather you make the choice," she said nervously, unused to such surroundings. It was supposed to be a store, but it had the atmosphere of a very, very exclusive bank.

"No. You should be the one to make that choice. I trust you."

And then he was gone.

"I've never seen Mr. Moretti so tender before," the fashion designer confided as he guided her to the floral settee at the end of his consultation room. Mark was obviously g*y, and his infatuation with Domenico was even more obvious. Somehow, it relaxed her. At least Mark would understand how she felt. As Domenico's image consultant as well, Mark was also constantly being exposed to Domenico's irresistible aura.

"He's so in love with you, isn't he?"

Misty could only smile weakly, not knowing what kind of answer Domenico would want her to give.

Mark smiled back. "You're such a cute thing. I'd think he'd eat you for breakfast but since you're still alive and he's about to marry you, I guess that's what true love does."

She held her tongue back wisely, knowing Domenico would not appreciate her speaking the truth.

"Besides your wedding gown, Mr. Moretti also instructed me to furnish you with an entirely new wardrobe. You see, I haven't made it yet as a fashion designer, but when everyone sees that you're wearing my creation, I'm made." Mark held out his hand. "So please, please, please, if there's anything you like, just tell me and I'll do it. If I have to kill someone, I'll do it."

It was already seven in the evening when she and Mark had completed the plans for her entire wardrobe. He walked with her to the curb, where someone other than Matteo was waiting for her.

Inside the limousine, the chauffeur extracted the receiver of the car's built-in phone and handed it to her before driving.

"Hello?"

"Sorry I'm not able to fetch you personally, cara." Domenico's voice was enough to make her toes curl. More of this and she would probably have to buy her shoes half a size smaller than usual.

"It's okay. I know you're a busy man."

"You'll meet me at the hotel. Is that okay?"

"Yup." But actually, it wasn't. Was it always going to be like this? It was fun, really, to go out all the time, especially if one had the money for it. But she was starting to miss her siblings and the feel of home.

At the other end of the line, Domenico was instantly alerted to the hesitation in Misty's voice. "Darling, remember what I told you about being honest?"

"Oh." She was again surprised at how well he read her.

"So?"

"I was just kind of missing home. I mean, not exactly my home, but just - the idea of being at home. A-am I making sense?"

She was. Domenico should have expected it even, but he simply wasn't used to going out with women like Misty. The women he used to date in the past had loved going out and was proud of being arm candies.

"Then we'll have a change of plans," he decided. It was rare for him to be impulsive. Domenico didn't like it but he decided it would do for now.

Misty was appalled. Not wanting to make Domenico feel like she had cornered him into doing something he didn't want, she quickly protested, "Oh, no. I didn't mean to---"

The sincere distress in her voice put him at ease. It was important to Domenico that she did not attempt to manipulate him simply because he favored her company over others.

"Antonio, the driver with you, will take you home and I will join you there as soon as possible. We will sleep at your place tonight."

Misty privately freaked out at his words. He was going to meet her at her house? She hadn't even told anyone in her family about him, and now he was expecting to sleep in her room?

"You need not prepare dinner for me. I'm meeting a business colleague anyway. Expect me to be there about nine."

"I don't want to mess your schedule," she hedged. "It's okay if you don't make it."

Domenico wasn't fooled. "Trust me, darling. This will work. Don't have anyone expecting me, though."

It was a strange request. Did he want to surprise her siblings? But for what reason? Biting her lip, Misty said slowly, "I trust you."

"See you soon, darling."

She scowled and sighed at the same time. He kept calling her 'darling', and the word alone was more than enough to bring her body alive and make her mind recall the pleasure she could only experience in her arms. She just wished he was really as affected as she was.

"Misty?" Domenico prompted when she still hadn't answered.

"Sorry, I was just thinking." Her voice softened. "Take care, Domenico."

Domenico laughed, which made her feel silly. But then, werewolves weren't invincible or immortal, were they?

At exactly nine in the evening, someone knocked on the front door and finally putting an end to all her pacing. Misty almost tripped on her cotton pajamas in her haste. They were an inch too long, but she had bought it anyway since it was sold for less than a dollar at the surplus shop around the corner.

Matteo was smiling at her when she opened the door.

"Matteo?"

She heard a barking sound, and Misty looked down dumbly, realizing that it was Domenico she was looking at just before half of her family barreled into her.

"Here are its things." Matteo handed her a leather bag, which she guessed contained Domenico's belongings.

"Will you guys stop pushing me?" she exclaimed after throwing Matteo a harried look. Pets were not something Nanette allowed in their home, so her siblings' excitement at seeing an immensely beautiful four-legged creature like Domenico's Lyccan form was understandable.

Matteo gave her a brief bow before leaving, which made Misty wince and her siblings glance at her oddly as she closed the door, with Domenico padding in arrogantly.

"What's with the dude bowing?" Kevin asked.

"He does that to all the women. He's Italian."

Nicole's eyes narrowed. "I'm familiar with Italian culture and---"

Knowing it was imperative to put a stop to Nicole's know-it-all words, which could land her in the hot seat, Misty exclaimed brightly, "This dog is ours!"

Andy gawked at her, an adorable wide-eyed look on his cute face. "No way!" Then he ran to Domenico as fast as his chubby legs could carry him. Everyone gathered around Domenico then, chatting excitedly.

Only Nanette wasn't around. Her siblings thought she was away on a vacation with a distant relative, but Domenico had told her earlier he had given her foster mother a one-way trip to the destination of her choice to...avoid trouble. Domenico's term had been less polite, but she preferred not to think of Nanette's absence that way.

"Will Mom allow this?" Nicole wondered out loud.

"Even if she did, where are we gonna keep him?" Kevin asked.

"Who cares? I say we keep him!" Kelly said.

Just then, The Baby - no, it was Dylan now, since Kelly had texted her the baby's name earlier after getting it from the social services registry - let out a loud wail, and Misty quickly went to the crib to pick Dylan up.

"Poor baby," she cooed. "Everyone woke you up because of the dog."

"But I want to know what its name is!" Andy insisted.

"Ah..."

They all laughed. "Ah?" Kelly teased. "His name is Ah?"

She blushed because she could almost imagine Domenico smirking at her as well. "A...ristotle," she blurted out. In the periphery of her vision, she saw Domenico's eyes boring through her. She winced. It was a nerdy name, but it was the best she could think of. He was lucky she hadn't blurted the first word that came to her mind, which was Aborigine for some reason.

"So nerdy," Nicole said, rolling her eyes. "It's a good thing he doesn't look like it though."

Domenico went to the living room and the family followed behind him.

Misty shook her head. Domenico was already being a leader to her siblings, and they didn't even know it.

He settled at the foot of an armchair, which Misty quickly occupied, with the baby slowly settling to sleep in her arms.

"Did you buy him?" Nicole asked dubiously.

She understood the reason behind Nicole's doubt. They all knew how she hated spending money unnecessarily, and for all intents and purposes having a dog was exactly that: an unnecessary expense. Misty also realized that Nicole's question was the opening she needed.

"Actually, someone gave Aristotle to me."

Everyone stared at her in shock.

"You have a boyfriend?" Kelly asked tentatively.

"Boyfriend," Andy repeated the word distastefully, making everyone laugh.

"Actually..."

"Whenever Misty says 'actually', it's almost always a good thing," Nicole said. "I mean, a good bad thing. Like the time she told us we could become absent from school---"

"Or the time she told us to forget about saving money once," Kevin added.

"Hey!" Misty protested. "I'm not sure if you're insulting or complimenting me."

"The latter, of course," Nicole said, eyes twinkling. "We're just saying that you tend to feel guilty whenever you let us do things like that."

"So what's this actually about?" Kelly demanded.

Misty decided to speak plainly. "I'm getting married."

Everyone burst into laughter.

"No, really I am!"

The laughter immediately stopped.

"T-to who?" Nicole was pale.

"To my boss." And because she knew they'd ask how, when, and where it happened and she knew lying would only make things stranger, she decided to be as honest as she could. "I can't explain how it happened. I just know that I trust him and that I l-love him." She blushed right after she said that. She deliberately avoided Domenico's gaze after saying the words.

After their initial shock, her family warily accepted the news. Misty steadily assured them that they'd still be together, but she could see they only half-believed her. Still, they were a good bunch and it seemed like everyone mutually decided to just change the subject and soon enough, they were back in normal footing, teasing each other.

Misty managed to get everyone to bed at half past midnight, with Kevin carrying Andy to the room he shared with Nicole. "Where's the dog sleeping?" Nicole asked, yawning.

Misty blushed again. "Uhh, in m-my room."

"Okay."

Misty locked the door behind her. Turning around, she saw Domenico still in his wolf form. "Are you going to change back?"

Domenico shook his head.

She didn't know what to make of that but nodded anyway.

When Domenico was sure Misty was asleep, that was the time he changed. Fully naked, he got into the bed and wrapped his arms around her from behind before pulling the covers over them. It was the first time for him to feel simply content holding a girl in his arms. Lying on the bed, which was the smallest and most uncomfortable he had ever slept on, Domenico dwelled on the memories he had of Misty and her siblings spending their time together. Hers was a happy family, and it inevitably reminded him of how his family had been - before Danilo died.

Eventually, his mind drifted to the words she used for explaining his presence in her life.

She loved him, he thought, absently stroking her hair.

He had known the words were true the moment she uttered them.

And he had been elated, triumphant, and - strangest of all - humbled, too.

Misty, still sleeping, snuggled closer.

He had not asked for it, was doubtful he'd be able to return it, but he felt damned good about it. And Domenico knew he was going to do everything in his power to make sure that she'd never stop loving him. He couldn't explain why it was important, but it was.

Chapter Six

Dear Diary,

Domenico wants me to work at the Lyccan Council, which is pretty much like the United Nations for his kind and where Domenico happens to be their version of Kofi Annan.

He says I can't let people know I'm engaged to him just yet. His words make me feel like I'm his mistress. Just between you and me, I think it would be nice to act like his mistress - to simply submit to him completely and let him do as he will. I wonder if I offer myself to him, what would Domenico do? Would he take me from behind, finger-fucking my front while sliding his c**k into my other hole?

"Work at Lyccan Hall? Are you crazy?" Misty squeaked out the next day. They were once again ensconced inside Domenico's now-familiar limousine when he told her of his plans.

Why was he always like this? Why couldn't he even give her just the slightest warning? Sooner or later, she had to bring this up with him. It was neither fair nor right that Domenico continued having the upper hand in their relationship, if this was even a relationship to begin with.

"You are the only one I can trust to do this for me, Misty."

Her shoulders slumped at that. When Domenico said that, what choice did she have?

"Besides, you need to be familiar with Lyccan society and what better way is there---"

"---than dumping me right into trouble?" she ended miserably.

Domenico laughed. He loved how Misty could look and behave exactly like a child without meaning to. At the moment, her face was all scrunched, as if she was a five-year-old punished to watching the History Channel rather than her favorite cartoon network.

She gazed out of the window and let out a gasp. "We're already here!" The ornately sculpted letters of steel spelling out the words Lyccan Hall rested on top of the gates' arch entrance. They swung open at the sight of Domenico's limousine.

The driveway was expansive, meandering past meadows, a sparkling brook, and landscaped gardens with its own gazebos and pathways. Domenico pressed the intercom button. "Lento," he told Matteo and the limousine immediately slowed to a snail-like pace.

Misty noticed the change, and turned to her questioningly.

Domenico suddenly pulled her into his lap, making her gasp, blush, and squirm. Then she stopped because she felt his erection pressing against her.

She could only look at him, unbelievably turned on at just the feel of his jutting c**k between her thighs.

Domenico suppressed his smile. "Is something wrong?"

She shook her head furiously even as her eyes were suddenly unable to meet his.

"Do you feel anything? Hot? Hard?"

Her eyes shot up to him.

A husky laugh escaped Domenico and he pulled Misty towards him. "I can't wait for our wedding night," he breathed against her lips before his tongue parted them open and swept inside her mouth.

One tiny part of Misty wondered how he could think about making out when he had just sentenced her to work in a strange, new world but the rest of her was too busy being overwhelmed with the passion of his touch.

"I want you to come before you get out of this car," he whispered to her ear, deliberately blowing into it as he finished speaking just so he could feel her shiver. And shiver she did, Misty arching her body as well in his arms.

Domenico unhurriedly lifted her skirt waist high to expose her legs, his fingers immediately tracing her lacy panties. He was stunned when he felt her bare butt and realized she was wearing a thong.

"I wanted to surprise you," she said shyly when his questioning gaze sought hers.

Domenico relaxed, deciding it was better for her not to know that he had doubted her for a moment.

"You more than surprise me, darling. You please me." She was rubbing against him restlessly, and he couldn't keep back a groan as his c**k strained toward her heat in response.

"Stop moving and let me please you," he urged as he slid his fingers inside her panty.

"I can't," she cried out, raising her h*ps as if trying to chase his fingers. She moaned, loud and long, unable to help it, the pleasure of having his fingers back inside her was unbelievably intense.

Grabbing her hair to keep her head still, Domenico turned her to face him. After allowing himself a moment to savor the look of yearning on Misty's face, he kissed her while thrusting his fingers in at the same time. He worked his fingers in and out of her furiously, making sure to rub her cl*t while he did. Misty came almost immediately, a keening cry coming out of her as he drove his fingers in so deep he brushed against her hymen.

She collapsed against him like a limp doll, quietly letting him fix her clothes for her. It was impossible for her brain to work when he was this close, holding her---

And then the next thing she knew, Domenico was setting her out of the car. "Good luck. I'll have the car pick you up later." He patted her head like a kid and then he was gone, leaving her staring open-mouthed.

THAT WAS IT?

She didn't know if she wanted to curse him or beg him to come back. With shaking legs, she made herself walk past yet another parade of expressionless guards, the sight of them reminding her of those posted in Domenico's home. But they wore different colors this time - red and black, which she supposed were the official colors of the Lyccan Council.

The guards opened the doors for her without a word.

Her heart dropped to her feet just as the doors swung shut with a loud thud behind her.

Lycan Hall was even vaster than it appeared outside, with a domed ceiling she was only used to seeing in cathedrals. The official seat of the Lyccan Council had a majestic and timeless feel to it, and surrounded as she was by Lyccans, Misty had a very strong urge to run away - and never come back.

Everyone around her was so gloriously sensual. Not beautiful really. Instead, the women were lushly attractive while the men were magnetic and alluring. Every move they made was underlined by grace and strength at the same time, and it made Misty feel more a klutz than ever.

She gulped. She stuck out like a sore thumb here without even trying, a sour lemon in a land filled with ripe exotic fruits.

Misty slowly made her way to reception counter. The woman behind it smiled at her. "Good morning. How may I help you?"

Recalling Domenico's earlier instructions, she stammered, "I'm, umm, here to see Mr. Filippo Cavalier."

"Do you have an appointment, Miss---?"

She gave her name, adding, "I'm sent by Mr. Domenico Moretti to serve as his substitute secretary." Misty did not miss the way the woman's eyes widened at the mention of Domenico's name. Bad or good? It was impossible to tell for now.

"One moment, please." The receptionist made a call, murmuring something in a language she guessed was something that belonged to Lyccans alone. After ending the call, she looked back at Misty with a blank face. "Someone will be down shortly to accompany you."

The woman excused herself right after.

Misty's gaze followed her and she tried not to mind when the woman whispered something to her fellow receptionist, who then looked at her with wide eyes before whispering to the other woman next to her.

It was a cycle, and soon everyone - from employees to guests - was staring at Misty.

What had she done?

"Misty Wall?"

She whirled around to find a tall woman with long black hair and a stick-thin figure sheathed in a red dress looking at her in contempt.

Misty smiled uncertainly. "Hello, I'm---"

The other woman didn't let her finish. "You've been sent by Domenico?"

This time, Misty really looked at her, noting the hard glint in the woman's dark eyes and the supercilious curl of her lip. This woman was on first name basis with Domenico? She was very - for lack of a better word - aggressive. It was the first thing people would likely notice about her.

Her face was too hard and angular to be called pretty. A handsome woman, more like. An unbelievably sexy handsome woman, Misty amended to herself, taking note of the hourglass figure.

"Are you deaf?" the woman snapped.

Misty flushed. "I'm sorry. I, uhh, yes, I was sent by---"

The woman cut her off again. "Come with me then."

They took the elevator to the penthouse floor, the woman sniffing at her throughout the brief journey. When they stepped past the glass doors leading to the expansive office inside, Misty tried not to mind how people here were still staring at her and, by the looks of it, sniffing at her, too.

Misty tucked her hair behind her ears, using it as a way of avoiding their gazes.

"Feeling self-conscious?" the woman asked snidely.

Instead of answering, she said, "I don't think I caught your name---"

The other woman appeared livid at her question.

Misty cringed. "I'm sorry. I really didn't catch it."

"It's Rebecca, but as far as you're concerned you may call me Ms. Findley and that's it. I don't associate with women like you."

Misty blinked. "Women like me?" She would have understood the contempt if she had been dressed in her usual clothes, but Misty knew she looked more than representable today. Mark's taste in clothes was excellent, with an eye for both quality and fit. Her two-piece charcoal suit cost a fortune, and the bag and shoes Mark had also picked out for her were just as pricey.

Eyes boring through her, Rebecca hissed, "We all know you're Domenico's latest mistress."

Four hours later, Misty locked herself in a restroom cubicle and pressed her fists to her eyes. This was hell.

She was not a secretary here. That woman - Rebecca - had made her the mail girl. It wasn't that bad really, if only she wasn't wearing three-inch heels (because she had wanted to make a good impression) and she didn't have to visit each floor of the building to deliver and receive mail. It wouldn't have been that bad if half of the people weren't looking at her like she was the most despicable insect, wouldn't have been that bad if the other half weren't looking at her like she was a frog to be dissected.

She sighed.

Too bad her old mantra "I need my job" wouldn't work in this case.

She so badly needed a mantra, but she couldn't think of any at the moment.

With still forty-five minutes left for her lunch break, Misty climbed all the way to the rooftop, foregoing the elevator because she was less likely to bump into anyone by taking the stairs. One of the council's employees had told her that the rooftop area was quite private, having caught sight of her red-rimmed eyes.

When she reached the rooftop, Misty knew right away it was perfect for her. Although it had only old benches scattered around, there were also dozens of trees and flowering plants growing from garden beds, which lent the place a serene atmosphere one usually wouldn't find in the middle of Miami.

Misty stood at the corner, eyes closed, enjoying the breeze, and savoring the freedom from all those prying and contemptuous eyes.

"May I join you?"

Her eyes flew open and she stiffened when she saw a tall man in a suit looking at her curiously. He seemed close to her age, with hair that turned copper under the sun, fair skin, and laughing gray eyes. He was sensually gorgeous like Domenico, but it wasn't the same. He couldn't hold a candle to Domenico's swoon-worthy looks as far as Misty was concerned.

She smiled politely. "Of course."

Jayme Cavalier studied the woman everyone was saying was Domenico Moretti's newest mistress. It could be true, considering how she had Moretti's scent all over her. But her appearance shocked him. In spite of her impeccable clothes, she was still ordinary.

She didn't seem Moretti's taste at all, with her windswept hair, makeup-less face, and of course - who wouldn't be able to notice those curves? He always saw the older Lyccan dating only stick-thin blondes so it behooved and intrigued him to find out exactly what attracted Moretti to the slip of a girl in front of him.

And of course, there was the fact that Misty Wall was human. She was the first of her kind that Domenico had introduced to Lyccan society. Most Lyccans saw humans as pets, worthy only of meaningless affairs. As far as Jayme knew, Moretti had never indulged in human relations until now. Could she be that good in bed?

"You look troubled," he commented.

She didn't speak, smart girl.

"Have the women been giving you a hard time because of the rumors about you and Moretti?"

She was visibly dismayed, which oddly discomfited him. "You heard about it, too?"

"Everyone knows about it by now," he said awkwardly. "What exactly is your relationship with him if what the rumors are saying isn't true?"

The woman bit her lip. "I don't think I'm at liberty to say."

Interesting, he thought. Was she truly loyal or was she just being practical?

Out loud, he said simply, "Then we won't speak about it. How's your day so far?"

"It's been...enlightening."

He grinned. "That bad, huh?"

She laughed.

And that was when he saw it. Lyccans were extremely sensitive creatures and when the woman laughed, it was then he sensed the beauty in her, something delicate and strong at the same time.

"I just....I don't understand. Why are everyone here so interested in---" When she paused, Jayme knew it was because she almost referred to Domenico by his first name.

"Why do they care about what Mr. Moretti so much? I know he's rich and powerful and all that, but so are a lot of people here."

Jayme shook his head in amusement. She didn't know that Moretti was expected to be one of the leaders of the Lyccan Council one day? That many believed he would be the one royal born destined to lead all other pack leaders under his command?

"He's just very well-respected," he said finally and changed the subject. "Did Moretti send you to work in the mail department?"

"No. I was supposed to be a substitute secretary."

"Then why are you...?"

"I didn't think it was worth the trouble, demanding a change of job. Besides, Domenico told me I should understand how...things worked here and I could do that more if I'm not chained to a desk."

Jayme was impressed more and more. She really was smart.

He said slowly, "But...you know, you should make an effort to really get to know people. Observation can only go so far." He couldn't believe he was saying all these things. He was typically self-centered and proud of it. So why was he concerned about this girl all of a sudden?

The woman's shoulders slumped. "I know. But I'm not that good at getting to know people---"

He stood up. "It's up to you, of course. But you seemed to want to do what Moretti instructed you so..." Jayme trailed off.

She stood up, too. "You're right," she sighed out. A dimpled smile suddenly appeared on her face, one that entranced him because it was so refreshingly unspoiled. No artificial ingredients. 100% natural.

Misty beamed at him. "Thanks for helping." She offered her hand, saying shyly, "I'm Misty, by the way."

Jayme took it, and with just one touch he knew. It was like that for Lyccan. Just a sniff of a woman's scent, a touch of her skin - just one of that was more than enough to know whether sexual chemistry would be present or not. And between him and Misty, it would be explosive.

"Thank you again," she said, still smiling. "I'll leave first. I have work to do, like you said." She waved cheerfully before walking away.

For a long time, Jayme simply stood there, staring without seeing.

Ah well.

It was decided then.

He was going to steal her from Moretti.

~~~~

Across the street, on the rooftop area of another building, Domenico Moretti observed the entire scene between Misty and the heir to the Cavalier clan. Jayme rarely visited the Lyccan Hall, preferring not to have a hand in Lyccan politics, but Domenico had known there was a chance the younger man would come today to visit his father and he had gambled on that chance.

He wanted Jayme on his side when he presented his proposal to the council for voting, but Domenico also knew that Jayme would never have voted for him as a rule. Or at least he wouldn't unless Misty entered the picture - and which she had.

Domenico knew just how irresistible Misty could be and as he had predicted, she had enslaved Jayme Cavalier and without even knowing it.

"You are not worried the younger boy will steal her from you?" Matteo asked. Although non-Lyccans simply saw the other man as Domenico's personal chauffeur and bodyguard, Matteo was more than that. He was Domenico's second-in-command, his oldest best friend, and the son of his father's retainer. Matteo might not have royal blood, but the years he had devoted to serving Domenico gave him a unique right and privilege to speak honestly with him.

Shrugging, he ignored the niggle of doubt treacherously crawling along his spine and said with feigned blandness, "Everything is according to plan. There is nothing for me to worry about."

"He is smitten with her, perhaps too much than you bargained," Matteo continued.

Domenico's fists clenched.

So perhaps he was just the slightest bit apprehensive. And jealous.

But the fact remained: he needed Cavalier's vote.

"I have nothing to worry about," he finally said and changed the subject. "Let's leave."

Matteo gave him one telling look before bowing. "As you wish, Your Highness."

Twenty minutes later, on his way to one of the scores of meetings he had to attend each day, Domenico called Misty on her mobile phone. It was not because he was worried, he told himself swiftly. It was only because he wanted to, well, make sure she was --- the same.

That Jayme Cavalier had not messed things up.

Because if he had, Domenico would---

"Domenico?"

He relaxed slightly at the sound of eagerness in Misty's voice. Smiling, he answered softly, "Si."

"H-hi," Misty stammered over the phone.

"You're okay?"

"Absolutely."

There had been a note of hesitation in her voice. What could he make of that? He said on impulse, "I'll pick you up later."

"No!"

His narrowed. "Why not?"

Her voice lowering, she said, "People here don't know---"

"That you're mine?" he ended silkily, wondering if she was hesitating because she was thinking of Jayme Cavalier.

"Yes." The relief in her voice was obvious, and it incensed him. "And honestly, I don't want the same thing in our office to happen here. So I thought, keep a low profile...can I meet you at the house instead?"

Domenico decided to give Misty a chance. If she failed this early then she was not meant to be his bride. But dammit, she better not fail.

"Yes," he said. "We'll meet at home. My home."

But if she failed---

If she failed then Domenico make love to her the entire night until she was permanently branded by his scent and she'd never forget who she belonged to ever again.

Chapter Seven

Dear Diary,

There's something about Rebecca Findley that bothers me. She keeps talking about Domenico when I'm around. She keeps dropping hints that I don't want to read too much into. If I do, I don't know what would happen. I don't want to think Domenico making love to any woman but me. I know it's silly, he's anything but a virgin, but I can't help it. I want him to be mine alone.

I hate the thought of Domenico with another woman. Hate it so much that sometimes when I see women staring at him, I have this urge to show them just how much he loves my touch. I want to have his c**k inside his mouth, want to hear him gasp in pleasure as I suck him dry. I want them to know that only I can do that to him.

It was only thirty minutes before midnight when she got to Domenico's home. Rebecca had made her work overtime and by then, Misty was simply too tired to argue. Domenico had demanded an explanation over the phone and she said a little white lie about wanting to make a good impression.

She managed a smile for the butler, who smiled back kindly and said, "We have dinner waiting for you."

"Oh." She was too tired to eat but didn't think it was polite to refuse. "Thanks. I appreciate it."

And then she heard voices.

No way.

She rushed inside, heart in her throat.

It was true.

Tears rushed to her eyes.

"Misty, you're back!" Andy crowed, rushing to her.

She laughed, her exhaustion swept away at the sight of her family crowding Domenico's living room. She had never seen them so happy and at ease. Her eyes met Domenico, who was dressed casually in shirt and jeans but managing to look a million dollars all the same in it. He smiled at her. It said everything.

Misty was crying when she tucked Andy in his bed - his own bed. She couldn't believe how Domenico had managed in one night to prepare separate bedrooms for her siblings, designed even to suit their different personalities. Nicole, for instance, had a mini library in her room. Even Dylan had his own room, a nursery decorated in shades of blue and adjoined to her own room.

Misty heard a knock around midnight from the balcony doors. Hurrying to open it, Misty let Domenico in, who shook his head at her. "The things you make me do," he murmured with the faintest exasperation.

She smiled sheepishly. "I'm sorry?"

"Creeping in my own home..."

"I don't want to set a bad example," she protested.

"Having to go through the balcony..."

"But it was because I didn't want to risk having them see or hear you knock on my room or something." She looked up at Domenico with a look that he found irresistible. "Sorry."

His eyes narrowed. "That's not enough."

"It's not?"

"I want you to make it up in another way."

All of a sudden, Misty became extremely conscious that she and Domenico were alone again - and they were in close proximity to the bed.

They looked at each other.

No words were needed after that. Clothes were strewn around the room as their lips fused, Misty gasping when she felt Domenico's hard body against hers.

"Make love to me," she begged as he took her nipple into his mouth.

He bit it gently, making her whimper.

"No. Just a few more days and then I'll make love to you so much you'll be complaining." Before she could protest, his mouth moved to her other breast, his hand kneading and cupping it before feeding the nipple to him like an offering.

She moaned, unable to help it.

He lifted her in his arms and Misty immediately wrapped her legs around his waist, pulling his head tightly against her. Her nipple still in his mouth, Domenico navigated his way to her bed until he could lay her down. He automatically covered her bed with his.

"I want to please you again," she whispered.

"You always do."

She shook her head and, ignoring her shyness with an effort, she took hold of his face to make Domenico look up to her. "I want to make you come once more."

An idea occurring to him, Domenico asked throatily, "How much do you want it?"

"I haven't wanted anything as badly."

The words inflamed him, and it took his entire willpower not to ram into her and possess Misty once and for all. Flipping her around and rolling to his back in one move, he settled Misty over his body, his head between her thighs and hers between his.

Misty stiffened. "What---"

He pulled her cunt down to him, shoving his tongue inside her.

She screamed.

"Sssh," he said as he took out his tongue, savoring her taste. "Your siblings might hear."

Misty stiffened again when he licked her folds slowly. "I d-don't think I can keep quiet."

His laughter vibrated against her cunt, making her arch again over him, and forcing Domenico to hold Misty by the h*ps to keep her still. "You can if you suck my cock."

She didn't need another second's urging. When he shoved his tongue back into her, he felt Misty lowering her head over him. Domenico groaned as Misty took in the entire length of him. When he moved up to suck her clit, Misty sucked him harder as well.

The sucking sounds that filled the room was the most erotic kind of noise she had ever heard in her life, spurring Misty to dig her fingers into Domenico's bu**ocks as she pulled him down so she could swallow even more of him.

As his tongue went in and out of her, Domenico could feel Misty moving more wildly on top of him, cuing him that she was close to coming. He wasn't too far himself, but Domenico wanted them to come together so he let go of one of her h*ps to start playing with her clit.

She screamed even as she sucked on his c**k harder, making Domenico's h*ps jut more aggressively into her mouth.

"I want you to come with me, Misty," he said harshly.

She bit his tip in response.

Tightening his hold on her hip, Domenico rammed his tongue in as far as he could while pressing on her cl*t in the exact way that he knew would drive her wild.

Misty immediately bucked, coming in his mouth while her hands squeezed his c**k and caressed his balls, her mouth closing around him tightly. He spilled his seed into her mouth even as he continued lapping her up once more with slow and long licks so as not to miss even a drop of her come. His body shuddered as his c**k didn't stop pouring out its load.

Later, draped on top of Domenico, her body heavy and replete, Misty couldn't help grumbling a little, saying, "We still didn't do it."

His laughter was muffled by her hair. He shifted to her side so that they were lying spoon-fashion, her back against his chest, his arm curled around her waist possessively, and his erection pressing against her back.

"Domenico!" she gasped.

"It doesn't matter if we don't do it. I can still make you happy. And I do, don't I?"

"Yes, but..."

"You want to make love to me?"

She nodded.

"So much?"

Misty sighed and said almost miserably, shamefully, "Yes."

His laughter rocked the bed.

Misty's eyes widened and she looked at him in panic, hoping the sound did not wake any of her siblings "Ssh!"

"You're priceless." He rolled her back to her original position, making her gasp as he loomed above her like a wild pagan god. "You know that, don't you?'

"Er..."

"You are," he said firmly.

Nuzzling her neck, he murmured, "Anything eventful happened today?"

She gave him a sanitized version of her time at work.

He raised a brow. "What was the guy's name? The one you spoke to at the rooftop?"

Her forehead furrowed. "I...I don't think I asked." She shook her head wryly. "I forgot to."

Domenico nodded. "Ah." But it was interesting. If Jayme had not given his name and yet Misty made an impression on him already, then he'd have no reason to doubt Misty's sincerity at all. Things were going even better than he had planned and it was all because of Misty.

~~~~

Be sociable!

That was what the guy at the rooftop told her. Since Misty so wanted to be a perfect wife, she was determined to be everything he would need in a wife. If that meant she had to be sociable, then she was going to be the most approachable employee in Lyccan Hall even if it killed her.

Armed with her smile and push cart, Misty entered the first office, now wearing sensible shoes to match her equally sensible uniform. She had snuck out of Domenico's home wearing a semi-casual two-piece suit but changed into her mail girl uniform when she arrived at Lyccan Hall.

Most people ignored Misty after giving her a sly glance, but she was fast becoming immune to such reactions.

A girl at the end of the office in the third floor caught her eye. Hers was the only messy table around, with documents heaped on top of each other to form a leaning tower of folders.

"Hi. Any mail?" She smiled at the girl.

"Oh...uh...yes...I have to look for it, though..." Short hair and glasses made the girl look incredibly young, and her flustered look just made her seem even younger than Misty's initial opinion. More papers fell to the floor.

Misty bent down to pick the papers up. "First day?"

"Mmmm....actually I've been working here for almost a month."

Misty reddened. "Oh. Sorry."

"It's ok. Actually, I'm just a part-timer here so I don't really get to make friends in the office."

She nodded understandingly. "And so you find it uncomfortable to ask for help from them." She nodded towards the papers. "If I could make a suggestion?"

"Sure." The young girl looked at her hopefully.

Misty taught her the filing tricks she had picked up in Moretti Inc., mainly because most people had assumed she would file the documents she had proofread and she was too much of a wimp to say otherwise.

The girl's face brightened after Misty also showed her how to create her own database for easier file management. "Oh. That makes sense. Thank you!" She smiled shyly. "I'm Penny, by the way."

"Misty Wall. I, umm, liaise for the Moretti pack." It felt like she was campaigning, but oh well.

"Oh. That's nice. I'm from the Buenaventura pack," Penny revealed. She glanced at the digital clock display on top of the filing cabinets. "Maybe we can have a coffee break later before clocking out?"

Misty followed Penny's gaze and almost groaned at the time. Any second more spent dallying would have her head bitten off by Rebecca again - for the fifth time even.

But as it turned out, she was already too late.

When Misty reached the mail department, Rebecca was already there, tapping her foot impatiently as she gazed at Misty's approach behind her cart with narrowed dark eyes.

"Good afternoon, Ms. Findley."

"What took you so long?"

"I'm sorry, Ms. Findley. It won't happen again." There was no sense telling Rebecca about Penny's dilemma. It might just get the younger girl in trouble.

"Is getting mail so hard for someone like you?"

Misty heard a snicker but forced herself to remain calm even though she had a strong urge to cry. She should be used to being treated like this. She had to have faith in Domenico. There was surely a good reason he hadn't made it clear she was his wife-to-be and not his mistress.

"It won't happen again," she repeated.

"It better not or I'm going to report you to Mr. Cavalier myself." Rebecca shoved past her, strong enough to have Misty hit the wall and bruising her in the process. Her shoulder blazed in pain, but she wasn't going to show it, aware of how people around her were waiting for her to make a scene.

A short while later and Misty was staring at the mirror, aghast at how ugly the bruise was. 'Strong' was definitely an understatement when describing Lyccan women. It was like she had been shoved by a sumo wrestler.

Someone entered the restroom, and Misty quickly rearranged her clothes to cover the bruise.

The woman was sniffing but when she saw Misty, a glare immediately replaced the look of hurt in her face. "What are you staring at?"

Ignoring that, Misty asked in quiet concern, "Are you all right?"

"Like you'd really care." The woman went to her side and began washing her hands. Her face was heavily made up, making her look older and more unattractive but it was easy for Misty to see the youth and promise of real beauty underneath the cosmetics.

"I know all about you. You're the infamous Moretti mistress."

Misty inclined her head. "That's what people say."

The woman looked at her suspiciously. "You won't deny it?"

"Will you believe me if I do?" Misty countered helplessly.

The woman laughed harshly. "You have a point."

"Are you really all right?"

"I've been dumped, okay? I was having an affair with an officemate. I knew it was wrong but I couldn't help hoping...and now everyone's laughing behind my back."

"Why did you do it?"

"I'm not a gold digger if that's what you're asking," she snapped.

"Then it was for love."

The younger woman said nothing.

"Did he lead you on?"

"You think I'm that stupid?" she snarled, but her eyes said yes.

"Then you're not entirely to blame. You were just foolish." Misty impulsively took the younger woman's hand. "I'm not just saying this because we outcasts have to stick together---"

The woman's lips curved into a reluctant smile.

"But really, if you need to talk, I'm just at the mail department, okay? We can even have lunch together. It could be just like high school."

The woman laughed. "I was popular back then though."

"I wasn't," Misty admitted cheerfully.

"Thanks for the pep talk. You didn't have to comfort me but you did."

Misty leaned close and whispered, "The truth is, I'm not really the mail girl. Oprah sent me here to give everyone pep talks."

They shared another laugh and later, when the woman had left, Misty only realized then that she had forgotten to ask the woman's name once more.

Before going back to the mail room, she went to her locker to return her toothbrush and that was when she saw the note.

Urgent: pick up mail at mr. cavalier's office.

If it was so urgent, why not call her mobile phone instead of slipping a note? And why not leave the note with someone else instead of slipping it inside her locker, which she could have so easily overlooked?

Misty frowned. Maybe this was Rebecca's doing. If she hadn't seen this in time, Rebecca would be able to blame her for being tardy or inefficient.

Hmph.

She went to Mr. Cavalier's office. Rebecca was not at her desk. Misty wondered if she should wait for Rebecca before entering Mr. Cavalier's room. Rebecca was his secretary, after all.

But the note said the matter was urgent.

Sighing, she knocked on Mr. Cavalier's door for good measure before opening it.

No one was inside.

She went to the desk. There was several stacks of papers so she went through it one by one, looking for the mail.

And then the door slammed opened.

"What the hell are you doing here?" Rebecca shrieked before calling for security.

Chapter Eight

Dear Diary,

Domenico told me earlier that his proposal for allying themselves with Caros - whoever those were - was not welcomed by most other Lyccan packs. I want to help him but I don't know how. Sometimes, I wonder if he was right in the first place. Sometimes, I wonder if I should do what I think is right and leave him. I don't think I could be the princess that he needs me to be to save his kind.

When I see him on his desk, painstakingly working on a proposal that some of his kind don't have the foresight to appreciate, I so badly want to comfort him. I want to kneel before him naked, offering myself to him. Let him hold the whip in his hands, the leash to the collar around my neck - I am his.

"This is all a misunderstanding," Misty stammered.

Rebecca stared coldly at her. "That's what they all say."

Misty knew things looked bad for her. She also knew she should be worried about what was going to happen to her, but she was more worried about how this would reflect on Domenico.

Minutes later, security had escorted her - thankfully not handcuffed - outside Mr. Cavalier's office, marching Misty past open-mouthed employees and into the main hall. They brought her up the circular platform and as the time passed, the cavernous hall became crowded with Lyccans. There were hundreds of them - maybe even more - waiting alongside her for what the Cavalier pack leader would have to say about the "breach".

After a half hour of tense silence, Filippo Cavalier came in. He looked like a guy in his forties but who knew how old he really was? Lyccans seemed to age very well. He had a kind face, although it wore a somber expression now as he took a seat at the head of the table and looked at her.

"You are the one Domenico Moretti recommended?"

Misty swallowed. "Yes, sir."

"And is it true that you have entered my office without authorization?"

"There was a note---"

"Which seemed to have disappeared out of the blue," Rebecca inserted.

"Rebecca." Mr. Cavalier said softly before glancing back at Misty. "Continue."

She recounted what happened, leaving nothing out except her suspicions about Rebecca.

"You do understand that if the note is missing then you'll have a difficult time proving the veracity of your story, don't you?" Mr. Cavalier asked sadly.

"Yes, sir," she whispered again, a sick feeling in her stomach.

"I will have to question your motives and to an extent, Moretti's as well."

Rebecca's eyes widened. "But Mr. Cavalier---"

"He has nothing to do with this," Misty protested at the same time.

"It's protocol. We come from different clans. I have no choice. I must call for a council meeting between pack leaders."

As Matteo drove the car into the driveway leading to the lobby of Lyccan Hall, he asked, "Is this still part of the plan, sir?"

"No, but I had thought this could happen.'

"Will everything be all right for Ms. Misty?"

Domenico frowned. "When have I ever been wrong?"

Matteo sighed. "You have a point, but Ms. Wall is different, sir."

"I know that. I wouldn't have picked her if I didn't."

"But sir, do you truly understand what her being different would mean? She would never react the way the women in your past had."

Domenico strode inside the hall, coldly scanning the crowd until he found Misty, standing at the corner of the platform, isolated from the rest. This far, he could scent her fear and worry - for him. Even though he kept his face expressionless, Domenico willed her to look at him so she could see that he never lost faith in her.

When Misty relaxed, Domenico resumed walking and stood at his side.

Filippo's face was grave. "I hope you understand I had no choice about this."

"Of course," Domenico replied swiftly, sincerely.

The other man nodded. "Let us begin."

Rebecca presented the facts clearly and concisely and it was so wonderfully worded that even Misty was tempted to question her memory and sanity. Maybe it was really her fault?

With the note mysteriously gone, there was really no way to prove that what she said was true.

"As it is against Lyccan laws to harbor individuals, especially non-Lyccans, with questionable loyalties, Misty Wall must therefore be banished permanently from---"

"Rebecca."

The woman's face suffused in pleasure.

Misty was dismayed. They were truly personally acquainted then?

Domenico asked gently, "Are you not forgetting something?"

Rebecca's smile faded. "Excuse me?"

"The vote to vouch for her loyalty."

Rebecca's face became inscrutable. "I simply assumed it was irrelevant, considering---"

"For the sake of protocol, mmm?" Domenico's smile was devastatingly sexy.

"Of course. I apologize. I only thought of saving everyone time regarding this matter." She tossed Misty a look that blamed her for her very existence, but Misty was too depressed to care.

Domenico and Rebecca knew each other. Rebecca hadn't been lying all this time. Maybe they were even lovers? She had been confident that Domenico would believe in her no matter what, but what if he chose to believe Rebecca over her? What if he felt Rebecca was more trustworthy perhaps because she was Lyccan as well and he probably knew her longer than he knew Misty?

"Per Lyccan laws, this woman may be awarded with clemency if her innocence is vouched by a minimum of two representatives who are at least directly related to their pack leaders." Rebecca sent Domenico a look of sham sympathy. "I'm sorry, Domenico. But you do understand that you cannot be the one to vouch her, right?"

Domenico's eyes became icy. "That isn't stated in the law."

"But if you have the utmost confidence in her, surely you would not need to lend your support?"

Bitch, Domenico thought, striving to keep his expression cool even though a sliver of panic sliced his chest.

He would exact his vengeance on Rebecca for this, Domenico vowed to himself even as he scanned the faces of the people around him. What he saw was enough to tell him that no one would vouch for Misty. The evidence weighed too heavily against her. He was counting on one man, but who else would vouch for Misty if Domenico was out of the picture? Worse, the man he was counting on was not even present.

"Then I will vouch for her," a small voice from the back said.

Domenico stiffened. This was unexpected and he hated surprises. Could this be a trap?

Rebecca straightened. "Present yourself."

The crowd parted, revealing a young meek-looking girl. The crowd buzzed with anticipation as she ascended the stage with small measured steps and t

Misty gasped. "Penny?"

Rebecca glared at the girl. "You are?"

"Penelope from the Buenaventura pack, granddaughter to the pack leader."

Misty couldn't believe what she was hearing. Penny was a princess?

Rebecca's lips tightened. A silent threat in her voice, she asked, "You are absolutely sure that you would like to risk everything to vouch for this woman?" The words "that you barely know" were apparent on Rebecca's face.

"I may not have known her for a long time, but I know her well enough to know with all my heart that she is the victim here," Penny mumbled.

Although it did not show on his face, Domenico was quietly amazed at the young woman's decision to vouch for Misty. He had never expected for Misty to befriend the famously introverted princess of the Buenaventura pack. She was so shy that few people even knew what she looked like, in spite of her royal status.

The doors at the back burst open again, this time with much fanfare when a voice asked, "Am I too late?"

Heads swiveled to the doorway, and Domenico finally let himself relax at the familiar voice. Misty was safe. He would never have forgiven himself if there was even the slightest chance that Misty would come to harm. There should never even have the slightest chance of it, and he would not commit the same mistake again.

He was beginning to understand Matteo's concern over the risks he was taking with Misty and despised the fact that it took almost losing Misty to make him realize it.

"Jayme?" Filippo choked as a tall guy swiftly made his way to the stage.

Misty's eyes widened when she saw who it was.

It was the guy at the rooftop!

People around her appeared shocked at his presence, which confused her. Why? Was he human like her?

She blushed when the man winked at her. "I heard through the grapevine and came here as fast as I could." Then he looked at Mr. Cavalier. "Hello, Father."

Father?

He was a prince like Domenico then?

Filippo was still shaking his head. "You never participate in such matters."

So that was why they were all surprised, Misty realized and blushed harder when Jayme's gaze returned to her.

Domenico's fists clenched at his sides. The pup better not try anything if he did not want to have every bone in his body broken. Misty was his. He willed Misty to look at him even though he could not yet afford to look at her. To do so would mean he doubted her and he did not want anyone thinking that.

But Misty didn't look. She was too entranced at the exchange of words between Jayme and Rebecca.

"Rebecca, Rebecca," Jayme was murmuring, wagging a finger at the other woman. "This is beyond you."

Rebecca's face hardened and her body became poker stiff underneath her black lace dress. "I don't know what you're talking about."

Jayme shrugged. "We'll see. But in case you're wondering, I vouch for her loyalty as part of the Cavalier pack."

Rebecca's eyes gleamed. "That is not accepted. It is your pack that she has committed an offense against."

Jayme shrugged. "Then as grandson of the Valencia pack leader." He smiled at Rebecca, one that had invisible fangs. "I hope you didn't forget I am connected to the Valencias as well."

Rebecca looked like she had just swallowed poison.

Misty was still dazed. She had spoken to royalty and she hadn't even known? All this lacked was---

"Then for the minimum of two votes," Rebecca began stiffly.

"Did you really have to say 'minimum'?" Another female voice piped from the back. This time, the noise from the crowd was deafening.

Rebecca visibly gnashed her teeth. "Please present yourself."

Misty bowed her head. It was official. She absolutely had zero radar for detecting royal presence.

When the crowd parted, Misty was not even surprised to see the woman from the restroom sashay up the stage, her earlier misery nowhere to be seen. Instead, Misty saw a young woman brimming with confidence, one aware of the power in her hands - and knew exactly how to wield it.

The woman blew Rebecca a kiss. "Matilda, daughter of the pack leader of the Fontabella."

"It figures." Rebecca apparently couldn't resist making the dig.

Misty was scared that would hurt Matilda but the other woman did not even bat an eyelash. Apparently, her brief display of weakness was an aberration.

Matilda just tossed her hair over her shoulder. "Sourgraping just makes your wrinkles show more, old gal."

"I am not old!"

"Ancient then," Matilda said airily as she continued walking. She only stopped when she stood next to Rebecca, and her stance said it all. Matilda was begging for comparison, and it was clear for everyone to see that she was so much more beautiful and sexier and - worst of all - younger than the other woman.

Rebecca's face was stony. "Anything else?"

"As a matter of fact, yes," Matilda cooed. "Do you know that I'm what people call a walking lie detector?"

Rebecca took a step back. "Is that so?"

Misty wondered if she imagined the tiniest hint of tremor in Rebecca's voice.

The whole room was spellbound at the unfolding drama.

Domenico noticed the beads of sweat forming on Rebecca's forehead and smiled.

"I don't like using my skills but this once, I would. I can smell lies even miles away. It smells..." Matilda sniffed. "...like you do."

And before anyone could react, Matlida's hand swiped something from Rebecca's pocket.

"Give that back!" Rebecca screamed, but Jayme held her back easily.

Matilda tossed a scrap of paper onto the table.

Misty gasped.

The note!

She had remembered leaving it in her locker before going to Mr. Cavalier's office and wondered if she had somehow misplaced it when her frantic search for the note afterwards produced nothing but more doubts about her loyalty.

Matilda looked at Rebecca with disgust. "People like her don't like taking risks. Stupid, really. She should have burned it."

Noise filled the hall once more, most of which Misty didn't understand because everyone seemed to be talking in their own language. It sounded very much like Latin and Russian combined.

Domenico finally allowed himself to glance at Misty. She sensed his gaze immediately and turned to him.

"Are you okay?" he asked softly.

She nodded, feeling weak and tired all of a sudden. She wished he would put his arms around her but he didn't.

"This will be all over soon." Domenico ached to take her in his arms but knew he should not - or at least not just yet. Because the game was not yet over and he still had moves to execute if his grand plan was to succeed.

Filippo cleared his throat. "In light of recent events, the case for exile against Misty Wall is dropped. The fate of Rebecca Findley is in your hands, Domenico."

"Domenico, please," Rebecca murmured. "For the sake of what we shared before---"

Misty stiffened at the implications of Rebecca's words, her eyes unconsciously seeking Domenico's face for reassurance. But what she saw in Domenico's face made her step back in surprised hurt.

They had been lovers.

Damn, damn, damn. Domenico had been hoping this could end without Misty knowing the past he had shared with Rebecca. A stupid meaningless fling, truthfully, but he knew Misty would not like or understand it.

"It will be my eternal regret that I had wasted a second of my time with you."

"Bastard," Rebecca screamed.

Domenico's eyes held a warning. "Another word and you will be exiled."

Whitening at the threat, Rebecca was reduced to glaring at Misty with loathing.

Domenico was not satisfied. "On second thought, I think you do deserve to be---"

Aghast at what Domenico was about to do, Misty whispered, "No."

Domenico had known Misty would protest. He knew he was being ruthless, manipulating Misty even though she was hurting, but it was too big an opportunity to pass up.

"What is it, darling?"

Misty flinched, but Domenico pretended not to notice it. Later, he would fix it between them. Later, he would please her and they would forget everything that happened and everything would be all right between them again.

"Not exile. It's too harsh." Matteo had once told her that exile was worse than a death sentence for Lyccans. It meant existing without a pack and pack was the lifeblood of every Lyccan.

"Are you sure?" Domenico asked.

Still not looking at Rebecca or Domenico, Misty said, "Yes."

He nodded then looked at the crowd, one by one, before facing Rebecca. His voice reached every corner of the enormous hall as he spoke, commanding and inflexible, because he wanted everyone to be clear on what he was about to declare.

"Know everyone present here and that my act of clemency is only and will always be on behalf of what my future wife---"

He waited for the gasps to die down.

"---Misty Wall has asked. Anything who goes against her goes against the pack of Moretti and anything she holds dear is precious to the Morettis." He nodded to Penelope, who mumbled and turned red, to Jayme Cavalier, whose face remained free of expression, and to Matilda, whose eyes glittered in understanding.

It was over, Misty thought almost an hour later. A feeling of immense relief set in as she leaned back against the car seat.

"Misty."

She stiffened, eyes shooting open as she remembered something painful.

Domenico cursed at the silent hurt in her eyes.

"Misty---"

She asked slowly, "Why didn't you tell me about Rebecca?"

Domenico took her hand in his. "It was in the past."

She just as quickly retrieved it. "Please don't treat me as if I'm stupid, Domenico. You're so smart. I know you'd have known that it's more than possible we'd meet and that she'd be antagonistic toward me. Don't you think I deserved to know?"

Domenico's fists clenched at how helpless he was in erasing the hurt in Misty's eyes. "I know what I did was wrong and I deeply apologize. I promise it won't happen again."

"But it did happen," Misty cried out, unable to help herself.

Domenico's tone hardened. "What is the point of all this? I apologized already, Misty. But I can't change the past." He was beginning to feel impatient and furious even though he knew it was wrong. He did not make a habit of apologizing but he did so - for her. Didn't she realize how privileged she was to hear him say 'sorry'? He wasn't used to begging and he sure as hell didn't want to be used to it. He would not let himself be manipulated and from his point, that was exactly what Misty was doing.

"That's not the point, Domenico. I want you to explain why you chose not to tell me about Rebecca. Didn't you care about what she could do to me because of what...what you had between you? Are you so selfish---"

"If that's what you think of me then there's nothing to be said," Domenico cut her off harshly.

Misty bowed her head, doing her best not to cry until she could be alone.

They did not speak for the rest of the ride.

Chapter Nine

Dear Diary,

Jayme Cavalier wants me to leave Domenico Moretti.

And I'm hurting so badly that I'm beginning to think maybe I should. I want to see Domenico driven wild and furious in jealousy. I want to see how his face looks like as I let Jayme have his hands roam all over my body, undress me before Domenico and let him cup my br**sts the way Domenico does.

I know I won't ever let this come true, but God sometimes I want it so badly because then - maybe then Domenico would understand how I hate knowing other women have tasted him, too.

Misty's eyes were red-rimmed behind her sunglasses. Domenico had not come to her room last night and she didn't know if she was okay about it. She was beginning to understand just how manipulative Domenico could be.

Could she really marry him?

The answer eluded her, and even the serene quiet of the rooftop area failed to soothe her today. It was her last day working in Lyccan Hall, but because of yesterday's fiasco people had become extremely skittish around her, fearful that she would remember how they had treated her and tattle to Domenico about it.

Finally, Mr. Cavalier had asked if she wanted to take a break from work. Misty understood what he was really asking. He wanted her out of the way so that his office would return to normal, and that was why she had been at the rooftop since ten in the morning - and with a few more hours to kill before the work day officially ended.

"May I join you?"

Her eyes widened. "Y-you!"

It was Jayme Cavalier again. It felt deja vu and ironic at the same time, meeting him in the rooftop once more. He was in shirt and jeans this time, and he looked very relaxed with his twinkling eyes and carefree smile.

"I know I haven't properly introduced myself but surely you'd have remembered my name after my gallant rescue?" He gestured at the extra space of the bench she was sitting on. "May I?"

She reddened. "O-oh, yes, sorry."

She noticed how the few other employees in the area stared at Jayme as he gracefully took a seat. It made her look at him more properly, and she realized with a surprise that he really was handsome.

"You're waiting for Domenico?"

She shook her head quickly, staying silent. She did not believe in sharing her problems with other people, and she certainly didn't think it would be a good idea to talk about Domenico with another man.

Jayme smiled. "Amazing. You can resist the urge to complain about men."

That made her laugh.

"There. That's better." He leaned against the bench. "Would you like some coffee?"

She blinked. "Coffee?"

"Yes, coffee."

"Umm...I don't really feel like going out."

"But you do want to drink coffee?"

His insistence made her smile. "Yes, but---"

"What kind?"

"A mocha frap?"

Jayme took out his phone and dialed a number. "Two mocha fraps, rooftop. Thanks."

She was grinning when he finished the call. "You," she said good-naturedly, "are such a showoff."

"I know."

They were quiet again and Jayme only spoke after a man in a blue and white uniform had handed them their mocha fraps before leaving just as quickly and unobtrusively.

"Blue and white are the colors of your pack then?" she asked.

Instead of answering, he asked, "Are you really marrying Moretti?"

She choked on her coffee.

"Should I take that as a no?" he teased.

Misty smiled but shook her head. "It's a 'yes'. I'm still marrying Domenico." Now was not the time to express her doubts.

"I see." His lips twisted. "I was hoping you'd say no."

Her eyes widened.

"We Lyccans aren't the type to beat around the bush." He stared at her directly. "I find you interesting. Attractive. I hope you'll reconsider your decision."

"I'm...I'm speechless and, umm, honored?" She was stumbling all over her words, mostly because she never thought someone like Jayme Cavalier would be attracted to her - if he really was that.

"I can prove I'm attracted to you if you want," Jayme offered wickedly when he saw the wariness in her eyes.

She choked again. "No, no need!"

Jayme burst into laughter. "Ah, well. It was worth the try. Friends then?"

Misty looked at his hand doubtfully.

"Come on. I won't bite." He grinned wolfishly. "Not unless you want me to."

Another laugh escaped her and she took his hand gingerly for a really quick shake.

Misty felt much better when she came back home, recalling fondly the many stories Jayme had shared about Lyccan society. Although Jayme had the same striking looks that Domenico had, they were still polar opposites. Jayme was a lot less complicated and more open about what he thought and felt.

Her smile faded when she saw Domenico standing alone in the expansive foyer of his home, her family nowhere in sight.

"Where have you been?"

Ignoring that, she called out her siblings' names one by one but none of them answered. She whirled back to demand at Domenico, "Where's everyone?" It was already eight in the evening. All of their classes should have ended by now.

Domenico gritted his teeth at the way Misty avoided his question. "I had Matteo drive them to the mall. A shopping trip to ensure that they do not witness our discussion. Now answer me," he gritted out. "Where have you been?"

"Out."

Domenico couldn't believe how calm she was. How dare she come to his home smelling of another man's scent? That Cavalier pup had been with her throughout the day. He had seen it with his own two eyes, having been informed by the bodyguards he had assigned to follow Misty without her knowledge. It had taken every inch of his control not to go to them and drag Misty away.

"With who?"

She stared at him for a moment. "I think...you already know so why bother to ask?"

Domenico exhaled in frustration. He wasn't used to Misty being like this. He liked her shy, sweet, or cute. "Don't play this game with me, Misty, or you won't like the consequences."

"But I'm not playing any g-games!" The tears that stung her eyes caught Misty by surprise. She turned away, but it was too late.

Domenico didn't miss the tears and with a groan, he crossed the room and pulled her forcibly into his arms, unmindful of her struggles. He kept on hugging her until she finally subsided, crying in his chest.

"I hated that you lied to me," she sobbed. "You made it seem like that you didn't care people would think I was just your mistress---"

"I'm sorry," Domenico said raggedly. "I was a bastard for doing that. I never thought she would dare make your life hell. All I wanted to know was who would actually be on your side. I won't do it again, Misty. I promised you that."

Misty nodded against his chest, to show that she understood and forgave him for it.

He added reluctantly, "I also have to admit that I didn't want you to know I had an affair with her."

"Why didn't you?"

"Because you wouldn't understand," he said quietly.

She didn't pretend to misunderstand what he was saying. "Why did you choose to have an affair with Rebecca, Domenico?"

"You know the answer to that as well."

Her shoulders slumped. "It served your purposes to have an affair with her."

He nodded. "I used her."

Domenico waited for her judgment. Was she disgusted now that she knew how different the two of them were and how ruthless he could be?

When she opened her mouth, he held his breath.

"Domenico, can you just promise not to lie to me again?" Her voice shook unexpectedly at the end.

With a groan, he cupped her face and took her lips in a hard kiss, hoping it would help vanquish the pain Domenico knew was still scarring her heart. He hated the fact that she was hurting and it was because of him. She loved him. She deserved to be treated better.

He pulled away and looked straight into her eyes as he said, "I won't lie to you again." It was a lie. But Domenico was going to do every damn thing possible she wouldn't ever find out it was a lie. There were things he had to keep from her, things that would endanger her if she knew, things that she was better left not knowing.

Misty tiptoed and kissed him full on the mouth, surprising both of them.

God. He had forgotten how wonderful it felt to have her in his arms. He tightened his hold around her. He didn't want to ever let go of this woman. He would never do anything to endanger their relationship again, Domenico promised himself while returning and deepening the kiss. She was beyond everything he had expected. He didn't deserve a sweet thing like her but she was his already and he would not relinquish her for anything else.

"I don't want us fighting," she whispered when she pulled away, tears choking her voice.

"Same here, darling."

"I want to marry you." She nodded vigorously.

He smiled at the fierceness of her voice. "Same here, darling."

She smiled against his neck. "You want to marry yourself."

He smiled against her hair. "You know that's lame, right?"

"But admit it, I made you smile."

"Yes." He kissed her hair, her forehead, her nose, her cheeks, and lastly, he pressed a tender kiss on her lips. "You did." And so she would, he knew, for the rest of their lives.

And before Misty knew it, her wedding day had come.

Kevin walked her down the aisle, both of them nervous but trying hard not to show it. The Morettis' private chapel was even grander than Florida's oldest church, and the walk down the aisle was so long Misty was slightly huffing by the time Kevin gave her one last hug before turning her over to Domenico.

Mark had outdone himself. He had styled and curled her hair that it fell against her back in huge gentle curls while he also gave her bangs to frame her face. Finally, he placed a handmade band on her head, one where gemstones of every color of the rainbow were artfully put together to create a row of flowers.

Her strapless gown was made of ivory silk, its back made of sheer lace. The tight top tapered to a full skirt that swayed with every move she made. Dressed as she was, Misty felt like she was Cinderella on her way to the meet her Prince Charming in a ball.

Certainly, Domenico more than looked the part, and the sight of him filled Misty with such desire that she had a hard time keeping her heartbeat regular, not wanting the Lyccans to know how excited she was.

Domenico stood at the end of the church, dashing in his black suit and white ruffled shirt, gold and ruby cuff links gleaming. When their eyes met, his gaze was sly and knowing, but tender at the same time, making Misty blink back tears.

She had missed him so. They had not seen each other for over twenty-four hours in observance of wedding traditions, and she was surprised at how much she had missed him after such a short parting.

"God, he's handsome," she couldn't help whispering to herself.

Domenico smiled.

The crowd laughed.

Misty closed her eyes in embarrassment. How could she have forgotten how exceptionally good Lyccan hearing was?

After shaking Kevin's hand, Domenico took her arm to curl around his. Feeling her shake against him, he bent down and whispered, "Okay?" He tried gauging her expression but could only glimpse a shadow of her face behind the veil.

"Yes." But she sounded like she was dying, and it made him smile even more.

The ceremony proceeded in a haze before her eyes and then the priest was intoning in deep tones, "You may now kiss the bride."

Oh dear Lord, they were really, truly married!

They slowly faced each other, Domenico suavely confident while Misty started trembling again.

He gently lifted the veil to reveal her face. "Hello, Mrs. Moretti."

Tears made her eyes sparkle as she smiled tremulously at him.

Domenico groaned softly before he bent down.

Thunderous applause filled the chapel as they shared their first kiss as man and wife.

When he lifted his head, Misty said without thinking but with every emotion inside her, "I love you."

"Ah, Misty." Unable to help it, Domenico pulled her to him, uncaring of what people said, and kissed her more deeply.

She was smiling and blushing when Domenico finally pulled away, his arm going around her waist possessively as they faced their well-wishers.

He had not said 'I love you' back, and she was thankful. It gave her hope. It proved to her that he meant what he had said. He would not lie to her again. But in time, she was confident she'd be able to make him love her back. They were destined for each other. She knew it now.

At the reception, she and Domenico opened the dance floor with a waltz that would remain one of the most magical moments in her life, especially when Domenico kept teasing her by gazing meaningfully at her exposed decolletage.

"Stop it," she giggled.

"I can't help it! They're begging to be kissed---"

"Domenico!"

He laughed. "You are so beautiful tonight, Mrs. Moretti."

"Glad to please, Mr. Moretti."

And then she was being passed on to her brothers - even little Andy - and finally, Domenico's father himself.

"Welcome to the family," Dio Moretti said gruffly as he swirled her on the dance floor.

"Thank you, sir," she mumbled and almost tripped in her nervousness.

But Dio was strong and he did not let her fall, expertly maneuvering her into a twirl.

"I know I can't offer much as a daughter-in-law," she ventured.

He stayed silent.

"But I can promise you that I will do my best to help you and Domenico be in good terms again. I have lived all my life without my parents so I know how precious it is to still have a father and mother with you. I'm sure Domenico knows it. He just has...issues," she ended tactfully.

"You don't need to work to gain my approval," he said finally. "You are my son's bride. It is done."

Misty shook her head. "It's not that. I mean, what is it with you Lyccans? You're so...suspicious."

His lips twitched but he said nothing.

Later, Misty found herself dancing with Jayme. As usual, he looked wickedly handsome, this time dressed in a tux. He stole a kiss, his lips fleetingly brushing against her cheek before he made her twirl in his arms.

"Jayme!" Her eyes automatically searched for Domenico's. She didn't want trouble.

When her gaze found his, Domenico made a slow killing gesture across his neck with a meaningful look at Jayme. She burst into laughter.

"What's so funny?"

She shook her head. "Nothing."

Jayme sighed. "You really did go ahead and marry the old man."

"He's not old," she protested, eyes seeking Domenico's once more. He was frowning at Jayme and it turned to a full-fledged scowl when Jayme retorted, "Oh yes he is, compared to us."

Misty glanced at Jayme in laughing reproof. "Stop it. I know you're just baiting him! I know you know he can hear us."

Jayme looked at her under his lashes. "You know, I'm okay with an affair..."

Misty jabbed him on the shoulder. "Jayme, stop it. Don't tempt my husband into throwing you out." Her face glowed at the word. Husband. Domenico was really her husband.

Jayme groaned. "I'm giving you back. I can't stand that sappy look on your face."

At exactly midnight, Domenico and Misty said their goodbyes. The party would continue in the wee hours of morning, but for her and Domenico, their new married life would begin with their honeymoon. There were few people at the airport when they arrived and they proceeded to board the private jet of the Morettis' without having to pass through any security checks.

Domenico said they would be spending their honeymoon in his private island in the Mediterranean, but their wedding night would be spent on the plane.

"Your membership in the mile-high club has been much delayed," Domenico had told her with a grin.

Alone in the master bedroom with Domenico, Misty felt inexplicably tense and scared all of a sudden, which was laughable considering how she practically begged for the chance to make love with him in the past days.

Somehow, though, with the fact that they were married, everything was just different tonight.

Domenico read every expression that flitted through her face. He gently clasped her shoulders and made her stare into his eyes. "Relax."

She sighed. There was just something so wonderfully persuasive about Domenico.

"Tonight will be perfect for both of us."

She believed him, but she still stiffened as his fingers worked on the row of tiny buttons behind her back. And then the gown was falling in a pool on her feet and she was left in her silk underwear.

Shyly, she reached for his bowtie.

When they were both naked, Misty did not let her eyes strain below the neck. She just could not. It was silly but she just could not! She had been with him intimately in two occasions already, but right now they didn't seem to matter. Her insecurities were massive, and every one of them was warning Misty about her sheer lack of inexperience for pleasing a sex god like Domenico Moretti.

Knowing what was going through her mind, Domenico felt the usual wicked urge to play with her. "Sit down," he said softly, guiding her to the bed. He made a motion to sit next to her, conscious of the way she kept her gaze on his face.

Then he suddenly stood up, knowing that would keep her eyes waist-level with his erection.

Misty shrieked in shock and hastily scampered across the bed. "Domenico!" she wailed, knowing he had done that deliberately.

He burst into laughter and lied on the bed, pulling her toward him with incredible ease, until every inch of their bodies were plastered against each other.

His lips twitched. "Ah, Misty. There's just no one like you."

"This is going to be a stupid question," she said slowly.

Domenico already knew what the question would be and his shoulders rocked in laughter. "Misty--"

She blurted out, "Are you sure it's going to fit and it's not going to tear me apart? Because I've seen some videos---"

"Misty, you watched p**n ?" He pretended to be shocked.

Her face burned. "I was curious!"

"I'm just kidding, darling. And to answer your question, yes, it will fit and no, it will not tear you apart - well, not at least in a way that you would not want it to."

She looked at him doubtfully.

"It will be fantastic between us." He smiled into her eyes. "Would you like to explore for a bit? You can do anything."

She nodded.

"I'm yours," Domenico said simply.

Her heart swelled at those words.

Misty slowly wrapped her fingers around him, reacquainting herself with the feel of Domenico's erection. She slowly stroked him up and down, the way he had taught her to. Misty loved the sound of his groan and loved it even more when he reached to cup her br**sts and play with her ni**les as she continued stroking him.

"Domenico?" she whispered.

He looked down.

She took him in her mouth.

Domenico gasped and groaned. He had not expected that and knew that Misty had planned it exactly that way. Her mouth was as heavenly as he remembered. His head whirled at the sensations her tongue evoked and the feelings rose in intensity as her tongue swirled, dipped, and teased.

His hands instinctively went to her hair, guiding and exerting pressure. He couldn't help it, and he loved it even more that Misty seemed even more eager to follow his commands.

When Domenico was nearing the end, he abruptly pulled away.

"I'm not yet done," Misty protested.

"But I will be if you continue and what kind of honeymoon this would be?" he retorted even as he strove to caught his breath. In one fluid move, Domenico had Misty lying on her back and his mouth on her breast while his fingers sought the essence of her.

"Domenico!"

"I love it when you say my name like that," he whispered huskily before gently biting her nipple.

Her back curved in reaction to the exquisite pleasure his touch created.

Moving up to take her lips in a kiss, Domenico gently parted her inner folds to slide one finger in. Then he followed it with a second, third, and fourth, forcing her insides to stretch, preparing it or his cock.

She gasped against his mouth.

"Relax," he whispered.

"I'm trying," she whispered back, but hers was shrill and tense.

He worked his fingers in and out in slow and steady strokes until her muscles gradually relaxed.

"Does it feel good?" he asked hoarsely, dying to sink himself inside her but knowing it was not yet time. He only wished he would last until she was ready.

"Y-yes," she gasped and gasped more loudly the second time because Domenico had shoved all four fingers deeper into her. The pressure was uncomfortable only at the start. She could feel herself stretching to accommodate his fingers and with every stretch, the pleasure inside her blossomed even more.

"I love it when I see you so turned on for me," Domenico rasped.

Misty moaned in utter pleasure, her h*ps moving up and down on its own accord.

Domenico savored the sounds his wife - he loved the sound of those words even more - was making.

When he was finally sure she was wet and ready for him, Domenico slowly parted her thighs and settled himself between them. "I'm going to f**k you now," he told her harshly.

"Domenico."

Without any more warning, he pushed himself inside her to the hilt.

"Aaaah." Her head lolled back against the pillow at the unbelievable onslaught of sensation his possession created.

The feeling of being surrounded by Misty's warmth was so exquisitely beautiful Domenico had a feeling he would not last more than a few seconds before succumbing to the demands of his body. He wanted to move hard and fast and make the pleasure grow even more.

"Are you okay?" he demanded.

Misty couldn't speak. She could only twirl her arms around his neck, wrap her legs around his, and lift her h*ps to make him sink even further in.

It was all the response he needed.

Domenico withdrew almost completely before sinking back, grinding his h*ps down against hers.

Her hands swept his back restlessly with each thrust he made. When Misty's fingers dug into his shoulders, he took that as a sign that she was lost as he was in the pleasure of their union and increased the speed and tempo of his thrusts.

"You feel so f**king good it's killing me," he rasped against her skin as he nuzzled her neck.

Her head fell back once more. "Domenico, please." She didn't know what she was begging for, and her nails scraped his back as his thrust hit her cl*t at just the right place.

Misty's words undone him.

His control left him.

His thrusts became faster, wilder, and more powerful and the pleasure only intensified when Misty met his every move, muscles clenching, h*ps moving up and down.

"Misty, come with me," he commanded raggedly as he felt his orgasm building for an explosive release.

"Domenico," was all Misty could say, eyes rolling back.

Just before he exploded inside her, Domenico withdrew one last time before slamming back into her in full force, sucking one nipple hungrily into his mouth as he did.

Misty's lips parted in a silent scream as she joined him in his release, her body bucking underneath his at the strength of her own orgasm.

Hours later, after the fourth bout of their lovemaking, Domenico played with a curl of his wife's hair as he asked, "How do you feel?"

"Like I should have dragged you to bed a long, long time ago," she admitted.

He laughed. "Misty..."

"I know," she said glumly. "I'm such a sex addict."

He shook his head and gave her a breathtaking kiss, his hand squeezing the curve of her waist. The touch alone made her toes curl and wish for another round of lovemaking.

"I'm just as addicted," he said huskily as he nuzzled her neck. "More so, probably."

"How do you feel?" she asked shyly after a moment.

He smiled down at her. "Blessed."

Her cheeks warmed. "That's nice."

"Misty..."

"Mmm..."

"Tomorrow or someday, people may ask you if we've mated---"

"What?!" She sat up at that, shocked that people would actually ask something that was so intimate and none of their business either.

Smiling at her reaction, he pulled her back down and his smile widened as she automatically snuggled close to him.

"Don't be troubled. It's a---" Domenico sought for the right words to explain the dilemma, knowing he had to tread carefully if he didn't want Misty to be hurt again. "It's a Lyccan tradition. So just tell them the truth. We've mated."

"That's so weird," Misty grumbled.

"They may even ask you how you feel about it."

She looked up at him. "And if I tell them that it's wonderful and something I totally didn't expect?"

He looked down at her soberly. "That's exactly how I feel, too."

When the plane touched down and they descended the stairs, Domenico's sudden tension communicated itself to her. She looked up at him. "Domenico?"

"Something's wrong."

She finally noticed the swarm of security waiting at the ground. There were more of them than usual.

"Sir." The man bowed to Domenico and then to her, which surprised Misty.

"Get straight to the point," Domenico said curtly.

"There has been another attack."

"Where?"

"At your reception."

Misty cried out in shock.

Domenico immediately placed a protective arm around his wife's shoulders, curving her into him in hopes that he could absorb her fears. "Casualties?"

The guard avoided his gaze. "Matteo is dead."

Misty whitened.

Matteo was dead? She looked up at Domenico, knowing she could only imagine the agony he was in right now. She gripped his hand tightly, willing him to draw comfort and strength from her. He squeezed back but said nothing.

"There's one more." The man suddenly looked at Misty and she paled. "Your brother is critically injured."

Chapter Ten

Dear Diary,

Kevin is hurt and I can only blame myself for it. Have I truly made the right choice, letting them step into a world they don't know a thing about? If it's not, will I actually be able to give Domenico up? Will I ever be forced to choose? I love him too much already that the thought of leaving him breaks me apart.

If I go, I want to have just one last night with him - one night to show Domenico how much I love him, how I would always die an exquisite death every time he enters my body, how I love the sometimes savage way he would possess me, his massive c**k nearly splitting my cunt wide open when he is frantic for need.

I love every moment of it, the roughness and the sweetness. I love it because I love him. I just wish he would feel the same for me.

"Before we arrive back at home, I want you to understand one thing, Misty." The attendants had left them alone in the lounge area of the plane, and almost all the lights had been turned off except for the pin lights above the wine bar across the room.

She nodded, waiting for what Domenico had to say.

"No matter what his injury is, it can be healed with our blood."

Misty slowly felt her chest easing.

"But if we share our blood with him then he will be a Lyccan as well and therefore under our rules."

"I don't care, as long as he's saved," she said passionately.

He shook his head. "It's not that easy. Since he's not marrying into the pack then his transformation must be subject to council approval."

Misty almost sagged in her seat. "But what if...what if they don't approve?"

"They will."

But he had not answered her and they both knew it.

Neither Domenico nor Misty had slept throughout the flight and they were both silent when they went to the hospital. It was Domenico who decided that they visited Kevin first.

Gazing down at Kevin's unconscious form, she couldn't believe how pale her brother looked. This was all her fault. She should have been honest with them from the start. If she had, they'd be more aware, more---

"Stop blaming yourself for something that's not your fault."

"But it is my fault."

Domenico took her hand and guided her to the leather couch at the far end of the room.

When Domenico settled next to her, she looked at him unhappily. "I should have warned them, Domenico, even just a little. I should have---"

"If you are going to insist on blaming yourself then I must share with the blame. I didn't give you permission to tell them about what I am. I didn't---"

Misty let out a tired laugh. "You win."

"Come here." He pulled her into his lap.

The doctor's prognosis had not been good. It was beginning to be clearer and clearer that he had to be transformed.

If it had happened anytime beside now, Domenico was confident he would get approval. But the recent fiasco in the Lyccan Hall was still fresh in everyone's mind and Domenico didn't want to push things. But if he had no choice, he would.

"Everything is going to be all right," he murmured.

"And you can make sure it is because you're Superman, right?"

"At least you didn't compare me to Wolverine," he said grudgingly.

Misty smiled against his chest and wrapped her arms around him more tightly. She closed her eyes and began to pray.

The next day, Domenico and Misty, together with their respective siblings, briefly left Kevin's side to attend to Matteo's funeral. She couldn't believe Domenico's old friend and confidant was dead. Murdered. In cold blood.

Her siblings, now fully aware of what they were up against, were unusually quiet. She waited for them to blame her but they didn't. Finally, she couldn't stand it, and when they were left alone in one of the private parlors, she burst out, "I'm sorry."

Nicole shook her head. "We knew you'd feel this way but really. You're not to blame, Misty. You couldn't have known this would happen. Even Domenico, who's a god, didn't expect this."

"I think there's an insult there somewhere," Kelly commented, making them laugh. She wrapped her arms around Misty. "Trust me when I say that I speak for Kevin's as well when I tell you that you're not to blame." Her eyes darkened. "But whoever did this, he'd pay."

Seated temporarily next to the twins at Matteo's wake, she noticed a slight commotion when an old man arrived, escorted by a heavily armed entourage.

"Who is he?" she asked the twins.

"Pack leader of the Castellanos," Alejandro answered quietly. "He holds the greatest influence over senior Council members."

"Then if we ask him to approve Kevin's---"

"Unfortunately, he's also notoriously anti-human. His son had committed suicide because he had been rejected by his human lover upon learning the truth about his nature."

Misty's hopes were crushed at Alejandro's words.

"Don't worry, Misty. We'll find a way," Alessandro, the older of the two, assured her with a squeeze of her hand.

"But if that man would block our every step..."

"Trust in Domenico, Misty."

A reception at a nearby Lyccan function hall followed the funeral that afternoon. None had extended their condolences to Misty except for the few faces that were familiar to her like Jayme, Penny, and Matilda.

Unable to bear the stifling air inside, she excused herself from the family and went to the gardens.

After a while, she realized she was not alone.

A large grey and rather dirty dog was staring at her.

She was not going to be fooled this time and the memory of the one time that she did made her smile faintly. This was not a Lyccan for sure. It was incredibly dirty. She could not imagine any Lyccan allowing himself to be dirty like this. And those wounds!

Her heart went out to the dog. "Hey, doggie..."

It barked.

She stood up carefully and took one small step closer. "Promise, I won't hurt you..."

She took another step closer, gauging its mood but it only continued staring at her.

When she reached its side, she bent down to touch its head.

It bit her instead.

She yelped and her hand went up.

Misty was intending to check her wound, but when the dog tensed silently in front of her Misty realized that it expected her to hit back.

Somehow, the defensive stance of the dog brought tears to her eyes, reminding her of how Matteo could now only rely on Domenico and the rest of them to hit back against his cold-blooded murderers. And Kevin - what would happen to her brother if the Lyccan Council refused Domenico's bid for his transformation?

She wiped the tears away. Glancing down at the dog, Misty said softly, "I'm not going to hurt you. I know you're just afraid and wary. But whoever it was that did hurt you, I hope he rots in hell."

She checked her gash and was thankful it wasn't bleeding. Only a bit of skin had been torn away.

Somehow, she could imagine that the same man who had hurt this dog had hurt Kevin...and killed Miguel.

Without knowing it, she slid to the ground and cried.

"I can't believe they killed Miguel. He was a good man...And my brother...he didn't do anything..."

She covered her face and wept soundlessly.

When her tears had dried, she looked up but the dog was gone.

A few seconds later, she heard leaves rustling and then Domenico was there, crouched in front her, and she reared back in shock. She should be used to his speed by now, but he wasn't.

"What are you doing on the ground, darling?" Domenico asked gently.

She shook her head.

He had a faint idea why but he didn't speak of it. He simply helped her up. "Stick by me, mm?"

She nodded, silent as he dusted off her dress.

And then they walked back together inside.

Domenico kept her at his side as promised, sometimes holding her hand, other times with his arm curled around her waist, his hand resting on her hip. She could feel everyone staring at her but she did her best to stay composed. She still didn't understand what her role in Lyccan politics would be so for now, she was simply observing.

Possibly the most intriguing thing that happened was when the Castellano pack leader went to Domenico and offered his condolences. She had expected him not to acknowledge her, maybe even treat her rudely because of what had happened to his son, but he had not. He glanced at her, so briefly that she wondered if she had just imagined it, before concentrating fully on Domenico.

The next day, Misty accompanied Domenico to a meeting with his investigators.

"We suspect the same group of assailants behind recent Lyccan murders is behind the incident four days ago." The investigator's name was Harlan, a barrel-chested half-Lyccan who was also a former Navy SEAL.

"There is evidence then?" Domenico asked.

"Yes. We're confident we'll be able to provide vital clues tomorrow at the latest. They were unusually sloppy that night. It was as if they were taking advantaging of the fact that you were gone. Their movements were not as coordinated as their other attacks, not as planned."

Harlan sighed. "But our earlier theory appears even more credible than ever. There is a Lyccan traitor involved - even if he or she is not the one who murdered the victims."

When they were alone in the limousine, Misty couldn't help reflecting on how Matteo used to be the one with them in the car at all times. Tears rushed to her eyes once more, but she blinked them away rapidly. She did not want to be weak in front of Domenico. He was doing his best for her and everyone was depending on him. She wanted to be his strength rather than being just another burden to him.

"Domenico?" she said when she had recovered sufficient control over herself.

"Yes?"

"Who do you think is behind the attacks against Lyccans?"

"Not humans, definitely."

Her eyes widened at the implication of those words. "A new species?"

Domenico smiled briefly at her surprise. "If we existed, don't you think other non-human races would as well?"

"And why are they targeting your species, whoever or whatever they may be?"

"How do wars start?"

"Greed?"

He shook his head. "Insanity. There's always this one person who's insane enough to think he can control the whole world. When one person starts to believe that, then war starts."

She bit her lip. "And marrying me? Are you sure marrying me didn't hurt your chances of saving your race from war?"

Domenico turned to look at her, touching her face with gentle fingers. "Misty, you and only you are the key to my success."

She held his hand and kissed it. "I'm scared," she admitted in a shamed whisper. "I want to help you find the person who killed Matteo and hurt Kevin, but I don't know how to start."

His heart constricted at the love blazing in Misty's eyes.

Why did her every word, her every touch and action move him so? Domenico pulled her into his lap, hugging her tightly to him, kissing her hair. "You help me just by staying at my side."

She hugged him back just as tightly. "I'm sorry about Matteo, Domenico. I know he's a long-time friend of yours."

Domenico closed his eyes, the memories he had of his happier times with Matteo when they were kids going through his mind and each of them hurt. "He was more than a man who had worked for me. He was my confidant. He knew and understood what I was about to do even without saying it."

Misty squeezed his hand, hearing and feeling his pain. "We'll find his killer, Domenico. I trust in you."

That night, hundreds of Lyccans had gathered around the family cemetery, paying their respects to the Morettis for their loss.

Misty inhaled deeply as Domenico stepped behind the podium. With the moonlight shining behind him, he appeared to glow like an avenging angel with the darkness' blessing.

"Matteo was more than a man who served me and my family. He was a man I grew up with and who shared in my triumphs and pains. His death marks a turning point in the unspoken war we have been battling in the past. All of us know about it, but we do not speak about it."

He shook his head. "Today, it has become personal. We are fighting a war against an invisible enemy. We are being targeted, one by one, and it is vital that we join forces with those who can help us, even if they are different and unknown to us."

Murmurs rose from the crowd and Misty automatically turned to the twins questioningly.

Caros.

Misty heard the word whispered over and over.

She frowned.

Darlings? Caro was the Italian male form for darling.

Alessandro leaned close and whispered to her ear, "Vampires, the good kind."

After the wake, everyone proceeded to the main mansion, where Dio and Elena lived and dinner was being offered. But Misty chose to stay behind, needing privacy. She was not scared to be alone in the cemetery. By now, she was used to her life with Domenico and this was Moretti land. She was safe, even if she was surrounded by dead people.

Even with the moonlight still gleaming from the evening sky, everything around her seemed gray, from the tombstones to the thick trunks of trees that filled the cemetery like unspeaking, stalwart sentinels.

Misty...

The sound brushed against her senses like a feather's touch.

She must be imagining it.

Misty...

She looked around sharply.

Over here, Misty...

It came from the huge trees behind Matteo's burial plot. She went around it, slowly, carefully, wondering what she'd do if this was another attack, if the Moretti fortress had been breached.

And then she screamed.

Or she would have if semi-transparent hands had not covered her mouth.

A ghost!

"I can see what you're thinking but no, I'm not a ghost," the translucent figure said.

The hands left her mouth and she stood there, goosebumps popping out from her skin.

"What are you?" she asked.

The male figure had curly hair and a slim build. He looked pretty rather than handsome.

"What do you think?"

She bit her lip. "An...elf?"

He looked almost affronted. "Am not!"

Oh. Her lips trembled.

He was a she, apparently. Gay, in other words. "Elfin girl?"

He made a face. "Ha-ha." He looked at her curiously. "You're taking this very well."

"How can I not? Werewolves, vampires, so why should I be surprised about you?" Misty almost found herself laughing again, hysterically.

Totally exciting stuff, she had once prayed.

Now she lived in the midst of werewolves, vampires, and God knew what.

And Matteo was dead, Kevin in a coma.

Misty couldn't help feeling she had been so selfish with her prayers, and the loss of loved ones were her penance for her sins.

"Have you guessed what I am?"

Looking back at the shimmering figure in front of her, Misty shook her head.

"Will this help?" He waved a hand and a wand appeared between his fingers.

Oh.

"A faerie," she breathed.

"At your service." He bowed.

"What's your name?"

"Daryl...Castellano."

It took her a while to speak.

"You did not commit suicide, did you?"

Chapter Eleven

Dear Diary,

I can't sleep these days. I'm worried about finding Matteo's killer, worried about Kevin not getting well, but most of all I'm worried about something I don't have anyone to tell but you. I'm worried about what I have with Domenico. I love him more each day but there's still something I feel is keeping us apart. I know he married me because he says he needs me, but how I can help him when he's keeping too many secrets from me?

Sometimes, I wonder what I would do if I catch Domenico in another woman's arms. What would it feel like to see another woman kissing Domenico the way I do, raking her nails against his back as she takes in his cock?

I try to imagine what it would feel like but I can't. It hurts too much.

When have I become this weak - so weak that I can't imagine living a life without him?

"Misty?'

She appeared immediately before his open doorway. It had been two days since Matteo's funeral and she had been acting strange ever since. Domenico had pretended not to notice, but he had seen her pacing back and forth outside his study, peering at him once in a while. When he had finished his phone calls and meetings, he decided to find out what Misty seemed so restless about.

"Yes?" She looked at him almost uncertainly.

"Come here."

She went to him without a word then looked up at him with the same uncertainty.

Without warning, he kissed her, pulling her to him, molding her body to his. He felt her stiffen when he cupped her br**sts as he continued kissing her. Although they had been married for several days now, she still reacted like a virgin, especially when he touched her in the middle of the day.

Domenico pulled away and surveyed her dreamy expression with satisfaction. "Now," he murmured, "what it is that you want to tell me?"

She took a deep breath. "Do you believe in ghosts?"

He blinked. "Come again?"

"You heard me."

He raised a brow. "What brought this about?"

"I...just answer my question first."

"Then you're telling me what this is about?" he countered.

She squirmed.

"I don't believe in ghosts."

"But why not?" she practically wailed. "How about faeries?"

He just looked at her.

"But you're a WEREWOLF. Shouldn't you believe in other non-human species?"

"Most are just myths. I'm real."

"But..."

Domenico sighed impatiently "Misty, what is this about?"

She sighed, too. "I think...no, I know what I saw. I met Castellano's son."

"When he was alive?" Domenico was stunned.

She looked at him miserably. "No. When he was dead."

When Domenico got the whole story out of his wife, he shook his head. "You're exhausted. You're imagining things."

"I'm not imagining things." She stomped her foot.

"Then prove it."

"You can't see him. You don't believe in them."

"And you did?"

She squirmed at his mocking gaze. "Inside, I guess."

He rubbed his aching head. "Cara, this just isn't a good time. I have things to do, and I still have to take care of Kevin."

Misty felt instantly guilty. He was right. He was doing his best to fix things. It was unfair of her to burden him with another dilemma. "I'm sorry." She hugged him tightly.

He kissed her hair. "We'll talk about this more tonight."

She nodded but knew she didn't have the time to wait for tonight. So much was at stake.

"I told you he wouldn't believe you," Daryl said knowingly when she returned to the master bedroom.

She sat on her bed. "I had to try."

"What next?"

"Are you really sure your father is contemplating---" She couldn't say the word because it was too horrible to imagine.

"War?" Daryl sobered. "Yes. Against humans. Your species, Misty. And for the wrong reasons. He's blinded by his grief. He thinks those who attacked your brother and Domenico's friend were humans."

"You should talk to him, Daryl."

"I can't. I want to, but I can't. I've tried so hard to reach out to him but it was impossible. You're the first one among Lyccans who could see me. You have to make him believe me first. And then I promise you, your brother Kevin---"

She shook her head quickly. "No, Daryl. I'm not helping you because of that. Domenico says he'll make it possible for Kevin to become Lyccan and I believe him."

Daryl slowly smiled. "You're unbelievably naive. You know that, right?"

Misty grumbled, "Is that the way to talk to your savior?"

"If I were straight, I'd give you a passionate kiss."

She laughed.

"But since I'm not, can I kiss Domenico baby instead?"

"Over my dead body."

The next day, Misty woke up early, waiting for Domenico to leave for the office before dressing up. She chose her clothes carefully, mindful of Daryl's warnings. She had to dress like a lady because his father was the old-fashioned sort. In the end, she selected another one-piece creation of Mark's, a wraparound dress of blue and black vertical stripes and matched it with a pair of dainty but sensible mules.

Misty tied her hair up in a neat bun, allowing wisps of hair to frame her face. She hoped she looked like a princess - a sensible one since what she was about to tell the Castellano pack leader would not sound sensible at the start.

"I'll be out shopping," Misty told Domenico's butler, Thompson, her gaze averted because she knew the old man would know she was lying if Misty were to look at him.

"Of course, madam. What time should you be back if the master is to ask?"

"I'm, umm, not sure, but I'll call him." She hurried away before Thompson could ask more questions.

Thompson stood for a moment, staring after his mistress' back, before deciding to place a call to the prince. It was better to be safe than sorry, especially with the ongoing threat to their existence.

Daryl acted as her guard, telling her where to go and what to say when she finally reached the ornate gates leading to the ancestral mansion of the Castellanos. As their land was near the evergreens, the mansion was built to protect its habitants from the cold, with its brick exterior and numerous billowing chimneys.

Misty waited for what seemed like an hour before the pack leader finally came to the foyer.

She came to her feet immediately. "G-good morning, sir."

He gestured to the sofa and she sat down again.

When he was seated himself, he asked without preamble, "Is this about your younger brother?"

She shook her head.

He didn't seem to believe her. "Does Domenico know you're here?"

She almost cringed. "N-no."

"Then what exactly do you want?" His lips curled. "Or are you offering yourself in the bargain?"

It took Misty a bit to understand his meaning. "Oh dear God, no! No offense, but oh, no." She almost shuddered at the thought of making love to any other man beside Domenico. "No, really, no."

The old man looked almost disgruntled. "A simple no would have sufficed. Why are you here then?"

"It's about your son."

His face became cold. "What about him?"

"I have a message."

"From the grave?" he mocked.

"Sort of..."

Rage filled his gaze and he shot to his feet. "Out!"

"Wait, please!" she cried, knowing she was about to be dragged away and perhaps an internal war waged between the Moretti and Castellano clans if she wasn't able to say her piece. "I know that on the day your son died, you locked yourself in his room and you said, you know. You kept saying that 'you know'. And he said he understood."

The pack leader's face turned ashen.

"No. How could you know---" He looked around suddenly, his voice turning hoarse as he asked, "Is my son really here?"

The bleakness and hope warring in the old man's eyes made Misty cry. Beside her, Daryl was already weeping noisily.

"Is he here?" the Castellano pack leader shouted hoarsely.

Sobbing, she nodded. "Y-yes."

The old man slowly sat down. "Daryl?"

"Tell him he has to believe in me first," Daryl sniffed.

Misty nodded. Looking at the old man, she said, "But you have to believe in him first to see him."

"I believe him," the old man choked out. "I believe in him, I believe he's here. I want him here, whatever he was, whatever he is." His eyes widened. "Daryl?"

Daryl smiled even as more tears trailed down his face. "Father, I'm back."

Ensconced in the private office of the pack leader, the old man immediately demanded the story of his son's life since his assumed death. It started when Daryl had befriended a faerie when he was heartbroken. Daryl's life became even more complicated when a former lover had started to spread rumors about his sexuality, and he had known it would come only be a matter of time before the truth would come out. Unwilling to cause his father scandal, he had chosen to join his new friend - now his partner - in his world, even if it meant turning into a faerie himself and giving up his Lyccan blood.

Daryl had decided to stage his death as a suicide to put an end to questions about his sudden death. He also knew that if he left a clue about his second life, his father would have insisted on getting him back, never mind the consequences.

With the faeries, Daryl had been more than content. He was ecstatic and found a home for himself where he was needed and appreciated for who he was. He would never have let his father know the truth of his existence if he had not heard about Aurelius Castellano's plans to go to war with humans.

Daryl frowned. "No more wars on humans, Father."

Aurelius said nothing.

"Father."

"All right," Aurelius grumbled.

"Now that you can see me, we'll be able to have more time together. Sometime, I hope you'd be able to visit where I live now."

Aurelius smiled slightly but his voice was thick with unshed tears when he said, "That would be nice."

When it was time to leave, Aurelius turned to Misty and began, "About your brother..."

She shook her head quickly. "Domenico said he'll find a way and he will. You don't need to give us special treatment."

Father and son both exchanged looks.

Misty rolled her eyes. "I know, I know. I'm naive, right?"

"Domenico is lucky to have you," Aurelius said diplomatically.

"If only I had been born a girl, Father. Then you'd have Domenico as son-in-law."

"Not when I'm still breathing," she retorted laughingly.

Domenico was waiting by the front door, head hazy with rage as the Castellano's car drew to a stop. He stalked towards it, nearly tearing the door open in his haste to get to his wife.

Misty only managed a word edgewise. "Domenico---"

He kissed her hard, pulling her tightly against him, drinking in the feel of her body against his. God! He had been out of his mind upon receiving Thompson's call and learning later on that Misty had ventured into another pack's territory alone.

"We will speak later," Domenico told the Castellano's emissary curtly even as he lifted Misty in his arms and took her inside. He reached their room in record time and after kicking the door shut with a loud and heavy bang, he threw her to the bed.

He said very softly, "Misty?"

She started to babble. "I'm sorry I lied but I had to go---"

"Do you know how worried I had been?" he exploded.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I had to!"

Domenico didn't know if he wanted to strangle her or kiss her into submission first. When he advanced toward her, he was satisfied to see her cringe. Good. It was but a fraction of the fear he had tasted upon realizing that Misty could be in serious danger.

"You had to do what?" Domenico snapped at her, still furious. "Kill me with worry? Don't you know how much he hates humans?"

"He---"

"Don't you know he has the power to make you disappear, to hurt you before---"

"But he---"

"Do you know what happened last time a human strayed into his territory?" Domenico roared.

"He doesn't hate humans anymore!" Misty finally cried out.

Domenico froze. "What?"

"He doesn't hate humans anymore," she whispered.

He looked at her, really looked at her, and his anger slowly dissipated. Even though he didn't know exactly what had transpired, Domenico was sure she had succeeded in charming the Castellano pack leader to her side. Another potential ally - and he didn't even have to lift a finger for it. Domenico knew it was something to rejoice about, but this time he also knew he would forsake all allies if it would mean having her safe by his side forever.

Because he was in love with Misty.

"I'm not in trouble anymore?" Misty asked carefully when she saw Domenico relax gradually.

He sighed, lying on his back and lifting Misty up to have her lie on top of him. "You'll always be in trouble."

"Only since I met you," she pointed out.

"Then you wish you had never met me?"

She looked at him as if he had just said he wanted to kill her, which made Domenico want to take her in his arms and keep her there for a long, long time.

"Don't say things like that. You might jinx us," she wailed.

He pulled her back to him with a sigh. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean it. You know I'll not let anything keep us apart."

They fell silent afterwards, both aware of having so many things to say but not knowing where to start. Domenico stroked her hair as he felt Misty's breathing ease into a steady rhythm in her sleep. He loved her. He was in love with her. Domenico marveled at it, but knew as well it wasn't yet the right time to tell Misty about it.

He was hedging his bets again, he knew. If Matteo had been by his side, he would have reprimanded Domenico for it, would have told him that he was wasting yet another golden opportunity in his life just to extract revenge on his father.

Two more days passed and in those days, Domenico would leave before she woke up and come home when she was already fast asleep.

On the third day since her visit to the Castellano mansion, Domenico came home in the middle of the day, surprising her in the kitchen by wrapping his arms around her from behind.

She turned around in his arms, and Domenico immediately took her lips in a kiss.

"It smells wonderful here," he murmured even as he nibbled on her lips.

"I'm preparing some pastries to take with us to the hospital." The last of her words ended with a whimper when Domenico tore her apron aside and snuck his hands under her shirt.

"You seem so happy," she said wonderingly even as her body started to heat up at his touch.

Her words made Domenico recall why he came home early in the first place and he pulled away ruefully, pulling her shirt back down with a sigh. But his eyes were gleaming when he looked at her face.

"I have a surprise for you, Mrs. Moretti." He took out a folded document from his blazer's inner pocket and gave it to her.

She frowned. "What is this?"

"Read it."

She unfolded the paper, her eyes widening when the full import of the words printed on it finally sank in. "You got it," she whispered.

It had cost him numerous favors but everything had been worth seeing the joy in his wife's face now. "Kevin will be safe."

She burst into tears and hugged him. "I love you, Domenico."

And he heard himself say, "I love you just as much."

Misty gasped.

He stared at her steadily. Now had been the right time to tell her how he felt and so he did.

Heart bursting with emotion, Misty pushed him to the work table.

Domenico laughed as Misty kept pushing him until he finally lied on top of the kitchen work table on his back. "Misty?" But his breath hitched as she slowly undressed in front of him. His c**k rose in response when she stood before him, fully naked.

"I love you," she whispered just before she unzipped his jeans and climbed on top of him.

Domenico groaned when she straddled his lap and slowly impaled herself on his cock. She was already wet, and the knowledge drove him wild.

Misty's eyes were wet but they were shining brightly, too. She lowered to kiss him, sucking on his tongue aggressively. Domenico let his wife take the lead and only gripped her h*ps in support as she fumbled for a rhythm that would suit them both.

"I love you," she gasped just as she lowered herself on him again, the position causing Misty to press her cl*t against him in a way that made her head reel at the pleasure.

Realizing that she was struggling to find her rhythm again, Domenico grabbed her h*ps roughly again. "Let me," he growled just before he drove his h*ps up.

She screamed, eyes rolling back, but Domenico wasn't yet done. Pistoning his c**k in and out of her, Domenico simultaneously carried Misty's body up and down to meet his thrusts.

When he felt himself nearing an orgasm, Domenico pulled her back down, catching one of her ni**les with her teeth. "Come for me, Misty. Now."

She did so with a cry, and he spilled his load inside her, body convulsing at the strength of it but he never let her go.

Because Domenico loved her. He loved Misty, his wife, his princess, his woman.

No matter what happened now, no matter if she willed it, Domenico would never let her go.

Chapter Twelve

Dear Diary,

I have a confession.

It's a good one. Domenico and I are in love. He's finally told me he loved me, and life has been beyond wonderful - especially with Kevin safely turned and recovering quickly from his injuries.

Yesterday, Domenico took me a walk around the garden. And when the sun set, we f**ked. It was the most thrilling experience, knowing that someone would discover us anytime soon. Domenico had been fully clothed while I was na**d waist down, my pants tossed to the ground. He covered my mouth with his hand because I couldn't stop sobbing at pleasure as he speared me again and again with his cock.

Tomorrow, he says we should take a tour around the brook in the far end of the estate.

I can't wait.

Today, Misty and Domenico were going to have their first date.

Domenico had said they owed it to themselves, after everything. Soon, he had even promised they'd have the honeymoon that never was. The search for Matteo's killer still continued, with promising leads that Domenico did not yet felt fit to share with Misty. But he did tell his wife about how his proposal was being positively reviewed now by the Lyccan Council, all thanks to the support he had consolidated from packs which had never been allied with the Morettis in the entire Lyccan history. Domenico knew that the alliances with the Castellanos, Cavaliers, Buenaventuras, and Fontabellas would never have happened without Misty at his side, and it was one of the hundreds of reasons he knew he should be thankful to his wife for.

"Are you going to tell me you love me?" Misty asked him as Domenico helped her out of the car for their first movie date.

When Domenico didn't answer, she tugged at his shirtsleeve. He looked gorgeous and sexy in his dress shirt and jeans. Even the way he glanced down at her made her heart go crazy and her body heat up. Domenico stared down at her with a smile tugging at his lips, his eyes glinting as his gaze skimmed her face and caressed her body, focusing on the way the white knee-length dress molded to her curves faithfully.

The sight of that smile took her breath away.

Around her, other women were just as breathless, staring at Domenico.

She tugged at his shirtsleeve again.

"What is it?" Domenico asked.

"Tell me you love me," she insisted with a grin.

He colored, as expected. Misty knew he was still unused to the fact that he loved her. "No."

She pretended to pout. "Why not?"

"Because you're not senile so I don't have to tell you every second," he retorted.

"If Jayme were my boyfriend---"

"If I had married the pack princess intended for me---"

"Okay, okay, I take it back," she said quickly.

He curved an arm around her waist when they reached the ticket booth for movies. "What would you like to watch?"

She viewed the list of movies on the digital screen. "How about the action film?"

He laughed. "It's okay. Don't consider my preferences."

"No, really. I like action movies, too." She was surprised to see Domenico hesitate.

"Well, if you're sure..."

Then she got it and she started to laugh. "You don't like action movies!"

"I like it!"

"You're lying," she said laughingly.

Domenico rolled his eyes. "Okay, I don't like it, but I don't hate it either."

She shook her head in wonder. "You're the first guy I know who's not into action movies."

"You know that many guys?"

She stuck out her tongue. "Ha-ha."

Domenico grinned. He had missed seeing this childish side of Misty's. It made him realize just how much life with him had also changed Misty. In a way, it saddened him that because of Lyccan life Misty had become more mature. But Domenico didn't regret it either. Misty had also become stronger and he wanted her that way. Above all things, he wanted to know that she would be strong enough to protect herself if there was a moment he was not by her side when she faced danger.

"I'm just sick of violence. It's always been a part of a Lyccan's life so in movies or books, I prefer to be free of it," Domenico murmured as he pulled her close and inhaled her hair. He loved her scent and couldn't get enough of it, smiling when his wife did his best not to wriggle, knowing that Misty was still adjusting to his newly discovered fondness for expressing his affection for her even in public.

She tiptoed and kissed him on the cheek. "Then we won't ever watch one. Let's always watch sappy rom-coms and cartoons---"

His eyes narrowed. "You're making fun of me, aren't you?'

"Yup!"

"You're not going to take it back?"

"I---" He suddenly caught her mouth in a swift, hard kiss. When he pulled away, her face was beet red, feeling other people's gazes at them.

Domenico smiled at the embarrassment in his wife's face. "That should teach you."

Inside the movie theater, Domenico and Misty followed the usher to their seats, which were one of the ten pairs of La-Z-Boy seats located at the top two rows and separated from the rest of the theater seats.

When the lights went out and the credits started rolling in, Misty realized that no one else was joining them in their section. She found that strange, considering they were about to watch a pretty popular movie and it was a Friday night.

"How much are these seats anyway?" she whispered to Domenico.

Domenico told her and asked afterwards, "Why?"

Laying her head on his shoulder, Misty answered, "I'm just wondering why there's no one else who bought seats here. It's not that pricey after all."

Domenico chuckled.

"What's so---" Misty choked back a gasp when Domenico suddenly and swiftly lifted her up from her seat and placed her on his lap. She quickly tried to struggle away but he wouldn't let her, nuzzling her neck even as one of his hands snaked under her skirt to pull her panties down.

"Domenico," she hissed, flushing red even though she was pretty sure no one could see them.

"Misty," he returned mockingly. Biting her ear, he whispered, "This is why no one is here with us."

It took her over a second to understand what he was saying. "You bought all the seats?"

He thrust his c**k into her in answer.

She collapsed against his chest at that, his unexpected entry making her gushing wet in an instant.

Cupping and squeezing her br**sts, Domenico slid in and out of her moist depths, taking her lips in a carnal kiss when she couldn't stop herself from whimpering.

"Stop making sounds," he whispered to her even as he pumped his c**k into her harder and faster.

"I'm trying," she gasped.

Domenico bit her lower lip harder than usual as punishment when another gasp escaped. "Shut up, darling, or I'll stop f**king you."

Misty gnashed her teeth in silent protest when Domenico pulled out of her completely. Her fingers curled around his arms, nails digging into her skin, urging him to continue. Misty's mouth parted in a silent gasp when Domenico shoved right back in without warning. This time, he didn't stop thrusting into her until Misty knew it was only a matter of seconds before she would reach an orgasm.

"Come now." His voice grated against her face.

She came with another silent cry, grinding her bu**ocks into him as his c**k pistoled his seed into her with a force that made her body shake harder.

The next night was yet another first as Misty was scheduled to make her official debut in Lyccan society as Domenico's wife. Her knees shook so hard she felt like she was about to fall on her face any second. She was thankful her family was with her. Now that Kevin was Lyccan as well, their family was not just accepted but warmly welcomed by Domenico's kind. The obvious bias made Matilda mad, but Misty didn't mind, more than content that everyone she loved was alive and happy.

That night, they stood side by side as they accepted belated congratulations for their marriage. Domenico wore yet another beautiful handmade Italian suit while she wore the newest gown designed by Mark, one made of purple velvet and a side slit that made Domenico's eyes narrow when he saw it bare almost her entire legs more than once.

"I think I need to have a word with Mark about what is appropriate," he murmured to her dryly.

Misty rolled her eyes. "Come on, Domenico. So many girls are more attractive than I am here. I doubt anyone actually pays attention to me."

"Oh, there are," Domenico said darkly.

She shook her head, still amazed that he could be jealous. That he loved her. It was a truth she hugged to herself with every morning that she woke up and saw Domenico at her side. "I'm an old married woman now. I'm totally boring." And who knew how wonderful boring could be?

Domenico's side had also attended the ball hosted by the Fiarinos in full force. The Fiarinos were another powerful Lyccan clan, one with a promising heir Domenico said he had his eye on. When she met with Domenico's father, Dio had given her a cursory greeting but that was it. It was enough for now. Misty remembered her promise and she told herself she would work on that soon.

When she and Domenico encountered Aurelius Castellano, she felt her husband stiffen beside her.

"Castellano." His voice was cold.

But Aurelius didn't seem to mind and even looked to be in the best of spirits. "Hello, Domenico. Did you like the battle I gave you?"

"It was a good fight." But Domenico was stunned when Aurelius winked at his wife.

"I did what you asked, dear."

Misty reddened.

"You said no special treatment so I gave him the best fight he could have asked. But he succeeded like you said he would." Aurelius clapped a hand on Domenico's back. "You've a gem of a wife there. Don't lose her."

When Aurelius left, Misty quickly tried to escape but Domenico swiftly chained her to his side.

"Misty," he growled.

"I'm sorry!"

She told him what happened, with the exception of the bit that Daryl was a faerie. Something told her that it was more than enough for Domenico to accept that someone supposedly dead had spoken to her.

"A ghost," he said almost dumbly.

She avoided his expression. "Mmm..."

"And you also made me suffer for nothing? The old man offered his help and you rejected it?" He didn't know if he was exasperated or touched.

"But I thought you didn't want any special favors. I did it to prove I trust you," she said earnestly.

"Misty..." He sounded like he was about to die.

"I'm sorry," she mumbled.

He shook his head with a wry smile. Not caring about the people looking at them, Domenico bent down and kissed her, easily persuading her lips to part and let his tongue in. He branded her with his kiss, and let her brand him with his.

When he lifted his head, his wife looked at him in a daze.

He said softly, "Don't ever change, Misty."

After dinner, the dancing began. Domenico excused himself, told Misty to enjoy herself, and got to work. It soon became apparent to him that everyone was fascinated with his wife. They either loved her or were suspicious of her, but they were interested in her.

At this point, it was more than he could ask for.

"You seem happy," Dio murmured when he joined Domenico at the sides of the ballroom. Before them, couples swirled around the dance floor.

"Just enjoying my wife's success," he said. Something burned inside him but he tried to quelch it. "She's not a pack princess. But she's a lot better."

Dio's voice was bland when he asked, "Is that so?"

"I have the Cavaliers and Castellanos as well as the Fontabellas and Buenaventuras on my side," Domenico stated. "These packs were never your allies."

"True."

The burning in him intensified and he knew he had to go. "It was nice talking to you, Father, but I have to go...business to do," he managed to say.

"Domenico..."

He nodded to his father and left. He still could not make himself forgive Dio for what he had said all those years ago.

Misty had watched the tableau between father and son and excused herself when Domenico walked away. She caught hold of him when he reached the balcony.

Domenico tensed at the light touch but relaxed when he heard his wife murmur his name. He smiled down at her. "Come join me for a bit."

"Of course."

The night breeze was cool and deliciously refreshing on their skin. There was a light scent of seawater in the air and the sound of distant waves lapping against the shore lent a rhythmic beat to the evening. The Fiarinos' mansion sat atop a barren white cliff, giving them a breathtaking view of the sea.

Domenico leaned against the balustrade and pulled her close so she could rest against him. He clasped his arms around her, settling his hands above hers.

"Are you enjoying yourself?"

"Yes...you?"

"I've done my work."

She frowned. "Is this night about work?"

"Yes."

Misty wanted to tell Domenico not to focus too much on his work because it wasn't healthy. He was too obsessive about it, and she feared it had more to do with his old feud with Dio than with his devotion to his duties.

But she couldn't - not now at least. It did not feel right. She asked casually, "How was your talk with your father?"

"The same as before." Domenico's tone was dismissive.

Misty decided not to take the hint. "Will you never forgive him?"

Domenico sighed. "Why am I not surprised that you know the story about us?"

She wisely kept silent.

"I've forgiven him, I suppose. But I can't forget."

"Cant...or won't?"

"Is there a difference?" he asked somewhat edgily.

She turned to him with an earnest look of appeal. "Yes, there is. Because I love you and I know I can forgive and forget anything for you."

"Big words, Misty."

"I mean it, though."

"It's easier said than done. Leave it be."

She nodded, knowing she had pushed him enough for tonight.

On their way back, Domenico received a phone call that had him frowning. But he did not say what it was. When they reached home, she was not altogether surprised that Domenico was not going inside.

Misty did not like the cold glitter of fury mingling with triumph in his face. She didn't understand what was happening, but she understood him because she loved him. "Domenico?"

He looked at her.

"Whatever it is, wherever it is you're going, promise me you'll take care."

Misty's words touched him and he drew her close, loving how she instantly and trustingly curved around him, her arms going around his neck.

"Don't worry about me." He kissed her forehead. "I don't intend to make you a widow anytime soon."

"You better not." Her arms tightened around him. "I love you, Domenico."

"I love you," he whispered back.

She watched him go, tears in her eyes, scared without knowing why.

~~~~

Domenico was greeted by Ricardo and surprisingly, his daughter Rafaella, the girl he was supposed to marry. He was uncomfortable at her presence but tried not to show it as Rafaella greeted him with a kiss on each cheek. Both landed dangerously close to his lips, something he and Ricardo both chose to ignore.

Domenico looked at the older man. "What has come up?"

"We have found a suspect."

"You have interrogated him already?"

"I was waiting for you."

Inside the interrogation room, Domenico swiftly hid his shock when he realized who the traitor was.

It was Gardo Fiarino, nephew to the pack leader of the Fiarinos, the very same pack who held a ball in his honor and Misty's. Gardo's capture revealed that treachery existed even in the innermost circles of Lyccan society. Could it mean that even members of the Lyccan Council were to be distrusted?

The interrogation was over in an hour, with Gardo giving up the location of the vampire he had paid to execute the murders. Domenico led the hunt for the vampire, and when it was apparent that Gardo's mercenary would not reveal anything of import, Domenico killed him swiftly and ruthlessly.

When Domenico came back home, a bad taste remained in his mouth. He wondered if Misty would still love him if she knew just how ruthless he could be.

Entering their bedroom, he was surprised to see Misty waiting for him.

"Welcome home," she said softly.

They made love without words, Domenico savoring the healing power of her touch. She murmured her love for him over and over, and he shuddered in her arms as they came together.

Misty stroked his hair, wishing she could do more to draw his pain. Because she loved him, his hurt was palpable, something that made her heart bleed as well.

Out of the blue, he said, "I killed someone."

She slowly pulled away and there was a part of him that wanted to snatch her back. But he let her go.

Misty asked slowly, "Did he deserve it?"

"Yes."

"Do you regret it?"

"I don't know. Not now."

"I'm not in a position to judge you, Domenico. But I trust you and I know you'll always do the right thing. Why did you kill him?"

"He no longer had a purpose."

She flinched.

"He was a vampire."

She knew by now how vampires were made. They were born Caros who had taken human lives for immortality. "Then you did the right thing. He wasn't human any longer. I'm not talking biologically, but I'm talking what's in here." She pointed to her heart.

Misty cupped his face. It humbled her that someone like Domenico chose to confide in her things that she knew instinctively he did not share with anyone else. It humbled her to feel that he needed her approval.

"Anything that troubles you, Domenico, let me know. I will do what I can to help you, okay?" She smiled tremulously. "I love you."

He answered her with a kiss and all the love that his heart could hold.

Chapter Thirteen

Dear Diary,

A girl is always supposed to have her secrets, but what about a man's? Is it bad that I want everything there is to know about Domenico? I feel like the more I know of him, the more hidden layers I discover, and they're not all pretty. Some of them are dark and treacherous, like snakes waiting to poison me.

Yesterday, I managed to get the story out of Domenico about how he lost his virginity. He said it was his piano tutor. She was twenty-four and he was fourteen. I think it is rape but he says it's not. If anything, Domenico told me she was the one who was used because he had later on used his newly learned sexual skills to persuade her to let him play hooky with his lessons without telling his parents. He told me how he had bent her to his will completely, so much so that she would give him a blowjob on the rare times he would practice the piano.

Sometimes, I'm scared at how manipulative he can be - how unapologetically ruthless he is when he thinks it's the right thing to do.

"You're going away again?" They were having breakfast at their bedroom's private balcony when Domenico shared with her his plans.

Domenico patted his mouth with a napkin. "I have to. Just for a few days, I have to hunt down more vampires."

"But..." She put her coffee cup down because her hands were shaking too much. Yes, Domenico was strong. But so were vampires. She had asked the twins about it, and they had not hesitated to tell her the truth since they also feared for Domenico's life. Vampires were no longer bound by their consciences and were wont to do whatever it took to satisfy their greed and thirst for blood.

"I have to do this myself, Misty. For Matteo."

She didn't argue after that. "Just please don't do anything rash."

He laughed. "I'm not rash in any way."

She held her tongue even though she so badly wanted to argue. He wasn't rash as a rule, but he did tend to do things unthinkingly if it meant giving him another point to score over his father. The twins had told her that Dio was against Domenico's involvement with the hunt, and that alone had been enough to make her husband decide to join.

Misty bit her lip. "Can't I go---"

Domenico whitened. "No, Misty. I will worry endlessly about you and I could lose my life in the process."

She stared at him miserably. "Please don't go."

"Misty, for Matteo."

"But is it really for Matteo?" she cried out.

He stiffened. "What do you mean?"

"Domenico, I love you, but I'm not blind. Or stupid. You can go after his killer without being a part of this hunt." She grabbed her hand and held it to her heart. "I don't want you to be a part of this just because your dad---"

Domenico took his hand away at her words. "You forget as well that I am not a child, Misty. I'm over thirty years old. Do you think I still let old family quarrels rule my decision?"

Yes. Because he still hurt.

But she couldn't say that, not when he was looking at her so coldly. "Forgive me," she said softly and took his hand again, laying it on her cheek. Turning around to kiss his palm, she said, "Just be safe, please?"

"I will. But you have to promise me the same thing." Domenico looked at the scenery before them. In the horizon, it was easy to spy the mansion of the twins, the girls, and at the center of it all, his parents. All the Morettis lived in a single estate, but the land was expansive enough to give everyone as much privacy and space as needed.

"While I'm gone, I want you and the others to move in temporarily with Dio and Elena."

Misty straightened in her seat at that. "Why?"

"Just a precaution. It's the most protected area in the estate. Can you promise you'll do that?"

When Domenico left, Misty and her siblings moved in with her in-laws as promised. The first day, she didn't see Dio the whole time but they all were able to join Elena for dinner. She was pleased to see her siblings and Domenico's mom getting along well. The twins and the three E's visited as well, and the meal turned into a full-fledged party.

The next day, Misty caught sight of Dio in the garden and impulsively approached him. "Good morning."

"Good morning," he returned civilly enough.

An awkward silence fell.

'So...we've been married for almost a month," she ventured.

Dio nodded, his gaze remaining at the plants he was watering.

She played with the hems of her floral blouse nervously. "Domenico's too busy these days so I didn't think I should bother him with this but..."

Dio switched the hose off. "Do you need money?"

She shook her head, wiping her suddenly clammy palms on her white shorts.

Domenico's father frowned at her. "Then what?"

"What should I do as his wife? What are my responsibilities?"

"Whatever he says they are," Dio answered brusquely, turning his back on her.

"But he has no time to teach me. But you could - could you let me know what you had your wife do at the start?"

Dio looked at her again, a scowl on his face. "I told you, there's no need to curry favor. Your position will not be threatened."

Misty wanted to stomp her foot in frustration. "I am not doing this to curry favor. I'm Domenico's wife and I want to be of service to him."

"Then divorce him."

She flinched but rallied quickly, "Anything but that."

"Then I don't have anything else to say."

"Why do you hate me so much?" she demanded.

"I don't hate you. But you're different from us and you haven't mated---"

Misty couldn't believe it would be that simple to solve the issue between them. She started to laugh. "Is that it?" She beamed at Dio. "But we did!"

Dio seemed surprised. "You did?"

"Domenico told me people would ask about it but I never thought you'd care to ask."

"Because we're estranged?" he snapped.

"We've mated," she said diplomatically instead. "Does that mean you'll accept me then?" Privately she wondered how he could even think Domenico and she wouldn't mate, considering how sexual his son was.

He looked at her thoughtfully. "I thought you wouldn't be here for good."

"I'll be here as long as Domenico wants me to."

"Do you truly love my son?"

Misty said simply, "Yes."

Dio's eyes misted, surprising her.

"Sir!"

He smiled at her, the first he had given her in all the time she had known him.

It made her cry, too.

"I had been so afraid you were yet another choice he made to spite me," Dio confessed.

"Even if it was," she said gently, "We fell in love with each other. The past doesn't matter then - as it shouldn't between the two of you."

Dio's training for Misty to take her rightful place as the next pack leader's wife began the next day. It involved lessons on physical defense and the social arts of being Lyccan. When it was the full moon, Dio promised, they would try transformation. But at the moment, it was better if they didn't try since she seemed too weak.

Misty didn't say anything but she was privately surprised to realize that she had been turned without knowing it. But she didn't mind. She liked the fact that she and Domenico would have another thing in common.

"Tomorrow is Foundation Day of the Lyccans," Dio told her. "It's the day that all packs had made a vow to unite for the defense of our race. I want you to accompany me so that I may properly introduce you as my son's wife."

"Are you sure I'm ready?" she asked doubtfully.

"I trained you, did I not?"

"Now I know where Domenico got his arrogance from," she teased.

The moon was blood red the following night, which had the entire Moretti brood almost skittish. "I thought that was a good sign," she ventured.

Alessandro shook his head. "It's the opposite. The very worst omen, like seeing a black cat cross under the ladder while a mirror crashes into pieces and all that," he said darkly.

She squeezed his arm. "Nothing will happen."

When they arrived at Lyccan Hall, Misty tried to pretend she didn't see the speculative looks going her way.

"You look beautiful tonight, daughter," Dio murmured gruffly.

"Thank you. You're looking great at well."" She beamed at him. She had selected the black gown, with its heart-shaped bodice and full skirt that fell just below her knees, specifically to please Domenico, knowing it was his favorite color. But she was glad that she was able to do Dio proud as well.

"Good to see that you're in good terms with your daughter-in-law contrary to the rumors I've been hearing," Aurelius remarked as he appeared at their side and shook hands with Dio.

"You know rumors." Dio ignored Misty's pointed look.

"Glad to know it wasn't true. They worried me for a while, especially when I heard that Domenico has been seen with the Hernandez princess."

Misty stiffened.

Dio glared. "That was in the past."

"O-of course," Aurelius said hastily. "You know how senile we old people can be."

Excusing herself, she headed for the restroom, saw Matilda, and made a quick detour.

"Hey, Mist---"

"I need to talk you," Misty mumbled, dragging her friend outside the Hall and all the way to a private corner at the back. Looking straight into her friend's eyes, she said, "Tell me the truth, Matilda. Have you been hearing rumors that my husband has been recently seen with the woman he was supposed to marry before?"

Matilda avoided her gaze. "Honey, it's not---"

"No lies, Matilda." Misty shook her head and her friend fell silent.

The other woman looked as beautiful and feisty as ever, in a cocktail dress that was just an inch away from looking more like a sexy lingerie piece. Matilda was notorious for her lack of tact and the fact that she was trying to spare Misty's feelings was more worrying than reassuring.

She said shakily, "Please, Matilda, the truth."

Matilda sighed. "Yes. I have heard rumors about your husband and Rafaella being seen together but they were just that - rumors. If it is true, it's only because her father has long been a Moretti ally and I've heard that they're the two leading our defense against the vampires."

Misty slowly made herself relax. Matilda was right. The Hernandez and Moretti packs were long-time allies so it wouldn't be unsurprising if people did spot Domenico and the Hernandez princess together. She had to trust Domenico for what was love without trust?

~~~

"Are you heading home straight away?" Ricardo asked as their plane landed.

Domenico nodded. "I miss my wife," he admitted.

"I'm afraid you'll have to miss her a bit more," Rafaella said, joining them in a nude-colored one-shoulder gown that emphasized her slim figure to perfection. "Today is Foundation Day. Have you forgotten? We've promised other pack leaders to report our findings."

Domenico frowned because he had forgotten about it.

Rafaella laughed when she saw the expression on his face even though inside, she was incensed at the thought that Domenico was so affected by the time he had spent apart from his wife he had forgotten the most important occasion in Lyccan history. How could he bear to choose an inconsequential human - and a poor and unrefined one at that - when he could have her, whose lineage was as pure as his?

"Has marriage changed and weakened you so much that you've gone back to who you were before? Does duty mean nothing anymore?" Rafaella taunted, knowing that the words would remind Domenico of how his father had once taunted him similarly as well.

"Rafaella!" Ricardo growled.

He stiffened. "Foundation Day has slipped my mind but now that you've informed me, I will, of course, drop by Lyccan Hall first."

~~~

When Misty rejoined Dio and Aurelius, a sense of excitement had swept into the crowd. A new group of guests had apparently arrived, creating a sensation.

And then she saw Domenico walking into the room with a woman at his side.

Their eyes met.

She saw shock and something else in his eyes that she did not want to think about.

Misty forced herself to smile. Nothing was going on between them. She had to believe that.

Domenico disentangled himself from Rafaella as quickly as good manners permitted and went to Misty.

"It's not what it looks like," he said fiercely.

She looked into his eyes and believed him.

From across the room, Rafaella saw the love shining in Misty's eyes. Oh, no. That would not be there later on. Domenico was hers. She bided her time, waiting for the two to separate, and of course they would for Domenico was a famous figure among them. When he was taken away by other council members, she swiftly crossed the room and stood in front Domenico's wife.

Misty's smile froze when she realized who it was standing before her. She said softly, "Hello."

"You know me then?"

"Of course. Domenico's told me about you."

Rafaella smirked. "I'm sure he did."

Misty chose not to say anything.

"You do know that Domenico married you to spite his father, didn't you?"

"It was mentioned that was a possibility yes, but it doesn't matter now." Misty did not hold it against Domenico. Their marriage might have had the wrong reasons at the start but now, it was fine because they loved each other.

Incensed that she wasn't getting the reaction she was hoping for, Rafaela tried to look for another way to attack. "When you serve your purpose, you'll know he'll drop you like he dropped me."

Lifting her chin, Misty said, "No, he won't."

"He was supposed to marry me, but then he chose you because you're the perfect little innocent pawn he could use to shore up alliances with other packs," Rafaella hissed.

Domenico suddenly materialized at their side. "Rafaella---"

Both women ignored him.

Misty said steadily, "If I've been of help to him in any way then I'm glad. He's my husband."

Domenico felt like he was punched in the gut by those words. He felt like he didn't deserve them.

Rafaella threw Misty a look of such hatred she knew the other woman would have hit her if she could get away with it. She snarled at Misty, "But when the war's over, he won't need you anymore and then he'll kick you out. Can't you see? It's why he hasn't mated with you."

"Rafaella, stop this," Ricardo snapped, embarrassed at the scene his daughter was creating.

"Take care of your wife," Dio gritted at Domenico.

Temper already frayed and still raw at Rafaella's earlier taunt, Domenico gritted back, "I don't need any advice from you!"

Dio whitened. "For God's sake, when are you ever going to let go of the past? I said something evil in a moment of anger and fear. I would give up my life to take it back. What else do you want?"

Domenico turned his back on his father. He didn't want to think about his father's words, didn't want to even entertain a single doubt about the rightness of his decisions - then and now. If he did, it would mean that his entire quest of revenge against his father would have been for nothing.

He pulled Misty to his side. "Come on, darling. We have enough." Instinct told him he had to get his wife out of here before something worse could happen.

In a way, Dio was right. His inability to let go of the past threatened his present, his future. But it was Dio's fault all this happened in the first place. Dio's fault and not his!

Rafaella was still screaming obscenities. "How can you stand being a second class wife?"

Misty had enough. "I'm not a second class wife. He loves me. We love each other. There's nothing you can do---"

"Then why was he considering nullifying your marriage when he learned that my father could help him ally with the Caros?" Rafaella challenged.

She paled. "I don't believe you."

"Ask him!"

"Cease this quarrel of yours with my wife if you do not want to anger me, Rafaella," Domenico warned the other woman. He tried pulling Misty away but she refused to budge.

"Ask him," Rafaella screamed.

Misty shook her head. "I won't stoop to your level." It took every ounce of Misty's self-control not to break down. Rafaella was so convincing. But she had to trust Domenico. She had to. "And just so you'd know, we have been mated." She lifted her chin. "Every night."

Someone in the crowd burst into laughter.

Misty paled, knowing that laugh was meant for her even if she did not understand why.

And then Rafaella began laughing as well. "You! God, what an idiot you are! And your mind is in the gutters! When we say 'mated' we're not talking about sexual intercourse, you idiot. We're talking about mating as the true joining of two mates...of you becoming like us." Rafaella laughed. "But you're not, are you?"

She walked away, head held high.

Chapter Fourteen

Dear Diary,

I can't think of a thing to say except...

It's over.

"Misty, we have to talk." Domenico couldn't believe how hard a time he was having controlling his voice. His heartbeat was so loud it was near to drowning his words.

But Misty didn't look back. She kept on walking and walking and by the time he caught up with her, they were out of Lyccan Hall, past the front doors and the cynosure of all the guards in attendance.

Misty flinched when Domenico's fingers wrapped around her arm.

"Misty, listen."

She shook her head.

"Let me explain---"

"It's too late," she cut him off in a whisper. "Rafaella did the explaining for you." The other woman's words filled her mind. She couldn't believe how foolish she had been.

Domenico cursed. "Rafaella---"

He stopped when Misty flinched at hearing him speak the other woman's name and he cursed. He turned her around so she could face him and then wished he hadn't.

Misty looked broken.

All the words of explanation he had thought of died in his throat. Suddenly, all he could say was, "Misty, I love you." His voice was hoarse. "Please..."

"You may love me, Domenico," she whispered, "but you don't love me enough."

"I was wrong. I should have explained about mating---"

She flinched again.

It made him want to punch something. Could he ever stop hurting her? It seemed like everything he had to say was going to cause her pain. "I was hedging my bets." He swallowed. "I didn't mate with you because I wanted to be sure of every step I make...that everything I did would help me hurt my father---the way he had hurt me before."

Domenico knew that revealing the truth would only cause him to look worse in Misty's eyes but he wanted the truth to be out completely. "I...was blinded by revenge. I did marry you to spite Dio, but it was only at the start and...I fell in love with you."

Her smile was sad and void of hope. "But not enough to make me your mate in the truest sense."

"We can mate now---"

She flinched.

"Misty---"

"No!"

Domenico whitened.

Misty swallowed back her sobs. "I don't want to be mated with you...in any way. I can't believe you'd think I'd want to."

He could feel her drifting away from him farther and farther with each word she uttered, and it frightened Domenico. She couldn't leave him. She couldn't. He wouldn't be able to survive it.

He reached for her again, but she took another step back. The movement hurt more than a sword to his heart, and the distrust in Misty's eyes seared him like boiling acid.

He had promised to love her. He had promised to protect her and cherish her and yet here she was, her body shaking at the effort she was exerting to keep her tears at bay.

Domenico swallowed. "Misty, please. I was stupid back then. I'm not going to hurt you again. You're my life."

"No." She closed her eyes. "I'm not." And then she whispered something inaudibly. A strong gust of wind blew into the night, and tension suddenly cracked in the air.

Domenico stiffened, expecting an attack. And then he looked at Misty, about to ask her to go back inside so they could talk - just talk - but what he saw made him shout, "No!"

"No!"

She was disappearing bit by bit.

"Misty, don't---"

She was gone.

"Misty!"

"Misty!"

He fell to his knees. "MISTY!"

~~~

Misty had been gone for three days now.

Domenico hadn't slept for all those days.

He could not and would not forgive himself if something had happened to Misty.

How stupid, how stubborn, how proud he had been. And right now, with Misty gone, he couldn't even remember why it was so f**king important to always have a back-up plan.

Those plans were supposed to help him in case things between Misty and him would not work out. In case he couldn't make Dio regret his words with Misty's success.

But now he realized too late that all those plans meant nothing.

Dio had regretted his words. He had done so long, long ago.

And there was no back-up plan. There couldn't ever be. If Misty was gone - Life. Did. Not. Work. Out.

Misty's siblings were still here with him, and Domenico drew comfort from the fact, knowing that it gave him a connection to Misty, tenuous it may be. He had also apologized to them with utter humility, had revealed to them the extent of his mistakes, and they had...forgiven him. But their eyes told him that if Misty chose to leave him, they would go with her without question. And if Misty chose to hate him, they would do so, too.

Their loyalty pleased him, even though it did mean potentially losing not just Misty but her whole family in the process. He had truly lucked out with Misty. He had not only gotten a princess without compare but also family members that were a true credit to the pack.

Someone knocked on his study door.

"Come in," Domenico said flatly.

Kevin entered the room. "You have a visitor. The Castellano pack leader..."

Domenico shook his head with a frown. "I don't want to speak with anyone---"

Misty's brother cut him off grimly, saying, "He has a message from Misty."

Domenico stalked past Kevin immediately without a word. He saw Aurelius seated in his living room and demanded right away, "Have you seen her?"

Aurelius shook his head and stood up. "My son---"

"The ghost?"

"---has relayed your wife's message," Aurelius finished. He handed Domenico a scroll that sparkled as if it was made of crystal.

Domenico rolled it out.

Seeing Misty's brother frowning in confusion and fear, Aurelius explained somberly, "It is a sworn statement that in the event there is a need for a call to arms against the vampires and those who ally themselves with them, the Faeries would willingly end their self-exile from humanity and earth to battle with the Lyccans...in honor of their adopted sister, Misty Wall."

"Where is she?" Domenico asked, white-faced.

Aurelius was suddenly unable to meet his gaze and Domenico felt fear enveloping him. He had faced death countless times but he had never been this terrified.

"Aurelius, dammit," he said hoarsely. "Where is my wife?"

"With this pact," Aurelius said slowly, still not meeting his gaze, "Misty said she has fulfilled her obligation as wife to the Moretti Heir. With this...she is asking for the cutting of ties."

"No!"

Kevin strode forward. "What do you mean?"

"It's...something more permanent than divorce or annulment which humans use to terminate a marriage. With the cutting of ties, Misty has sworn never ever to see Domenico again."

