Lesson #1

When you tell your billionaire you belong to him,

He will f**k more than your body.

"What the f**k are you doing here?"

Those were not the first words I wanted to hear from the man I had just realized I was in love with. I expected him to be surprised that I had come after him, but he wasn't. If anything, he appeared furious, coldly and oddly so. It made me shift nervously on my feet, and my heels screeched against the floor as I did. The sound echoed around the conservatory, bouncing against the wooden domed ceiling.

A thick air of silent tension swirled around us, the heavy doors behind me succeeding in filtering most of the party music being played outside. The conservatory was as vast as the other exhibits of the museum, which his parents had rented out for their fundraiser.

The theme was black and white, and according to the message on my two-thousand-dollar ticket, it was supposed to emphasize how prostitutes should not be seen that way.

Even the conservatory had been redesigned to match the theme, with its original lighting switched off and replaced by black-and-white waist-high pillars illuminated from within and lining the pathways that weaved through the cultured rainforest behind the stone fountain. All in all, I felt like I had stepped into a giant-sized tree house filled with shadows and white light.

A carpet of Bermuda grass separated Constantijin and me, but it looked more like an entire ocean in my eyes. I willed Constantijin's gaze to soften, to give me even the smallest sign that he still wanted me back. Because he had to - surely I couldn't have fallen in love with a man shallow enough to leave me the first time I didn't do something he asked?

But his beautiful face didn't soften, and his silvery eyes remained impassive.

"I want to talk to you privately." The words were supposed to come out even and confident, but they sounded squeaky instead. Shit.

His gaze strayed up, and my eyes followed his.

"Shit." The word escaped my lips when I saw the CCTV dome cameras installed on the ceiling, a red light blinking underneath each and every one of them. Didn't that mean it was recording everything going on here? Shit.

The dome camera suddenly moved, making me jump. I looked around and bit back a gasp when I realized all the cameras were trained on us.

Shit. It seemed to be the only word my brain could come up with. Was nothing really going to go my way tonight? Did they think I was cornering him here to do God knew what?

Shit.

I waved my hands madly above me, staring at the cameras. "I'm. Not. Going. To. Kidnap. Him." I turned to Constantijin, exasperation briefly winning over my heartbreak when he remained standing there without uttering a word on my defense. "Please tell them I'm not going to kidnap you!"

He tossed me a glance of disgust before he started to move. When he reached me, he took a firm hold of my shoulders.

I froze, wondering madly - and hoping just as hard - if he was going to kiss me.

But all he did was set me out of his path and he continued past me to reach for the communication box planted next to the doors. He pressed the speaker button and said curtly, "Switch the camera off and don't say a f**king word about this."

Constantijin walked back to the fountain, as if he needed to place as much distance between us. Crossing his arms over his chest, he raised a brow at me.

"Let me explain about Drake---"

His face hardened. "No."

"Please."

"No."

Brrr. He just kept sounding colder and colder. Taking a deep breath, I muttered, "If you don't listen to me, I'll---"

His eyes bored through me.

Oh, God, I hated it when he looked at me like that - like he was a god, and I was the shit he had just stepped on.

I knew that was how the world saw the two of us. After all, Constantijin Kastein was still the most beautiful man I had ever seen in my life, with wonderfully soft golden-copper hair and eyes the shade of liquid silver. His body was just as beautiful, and the fact that I once had the right to touch his fair skin, to feel the hardness underneath it - a right I didn't have now - it hurts.

Next to this man, who had every woman salivating for him not only for his sheer gorgeousness but also for his billion-dollar bank account, I was ordinary - an old-fashioned twenty-something woman who used to believe true love had to come first before lust.

But even though we were poles apart, he didn't have the right to treat me like this - like I had to kiss his feet before he'd pay attention to me.

Taking a deep breath, I said, "If you don't listen to me, then I might as well go back to Drake and be his!" The words were a high-risk bet. I knew my cards, and they all said that what I used to think was an obsessive sexual desire for him had deepened into love. Sometimes, the body just knew what the heart couldn't even feel yet.

But I didn't know what Constantijin's cards hid - well, at least not exactly. I knew he was just as obsessed with me sexually. I knew he got jealous over me easily. And I knew he was still mad at me for going home with another man when he told me not to.

Surely all those gave me reason to hope that eventually there could be more.

At my words, something flickered in his eyes, and then it was gone so quickly I almost thought I imagined it. But I knew I hadn't, and my chest tightened.

Nik - my best friend's husband - had been right. Once, when Daria hadn't yet come into his life, Nik could have been Constantijin's twin - wealthy, gorgeous, and arrogant. He hadn't needed love, and he hadn't believed in it. But Daria had changed him, had made him see how love changed what could first appear set in stone.

Nik told me that even the world's hottest-looking billionaires had their weaknesses - the kind that made them more human. Daria had been his, and If Nik was right, I was Constantijin's weakness.

Constantijin said with icy hauteur, "If you want to go to him---"

"I don't," I interrupted in a small voice, now immensely sorry that I said those words at all.

His body tensed even more. "I don't want to play any f**king games---"

The hurt in my chest spread. Constantijin's face was still a cold blank slate, but in his eyes I still saw pain that he couldn't hide. He really did believe I had chosen Drake over him, and that now I was toying with him. It still shocked me he could think like that of me. I never even had a boyfriend before he came to my life, never ever thought I could lose sleep at the memory of the taste of a man's kisses and the feel of his touch.

He had changed me, claimed me, and ruined me for all the other men in the world. He was irreplaceable. How could he not know that? And how could I have not seen that Constantijin also had his doubts the way I did?

My voice cracked as I spoke. "Constantijin, I'm not playing any games."

He didn't answer.

The silence was intolerable, and I was beginning to appreciate why it had constantly driven Constantijin crazy whenever I used to answer his questions with silence. It just plain sucked.

"I thought it was the best thing to do," I whispered. "Please try to look it from my side. If I had stayed with you that night, people would have started talking about us. And that time - I couldn't handle it. I couldn't take the risk. I didn't want anyone to know because a part of me was still scared. I wanted to protect myself - in case you left me, no one would know."

Yet Constantijin still didn't soften, not even a bit.

"Constantijin, please. You know---"

"Didn't you ever pause to think that I had the same f**king fears, too?" The coldness was gone, but the bitterness that replaced it wasn't any better. "You were the first woman who mattered to me. Didn't I f**king tell you that? Didn't you know---"

"I panicked. I'm sorry, I just panicked." Surely he should know that about me by now? Panic was my freaking middle name, and I had a tendency to experience it every time I encountered something I didn't understand. Like guys, sex, and love - in any order.

He spat something in Dutch, which sounded painful enough to hurt.

Tears stung my eyes. "I wouldn't have left if I had known you'd feel so strongly about it." My voice shook as I continued, "Constantijin, you screwed me up twice. Now, I screwed up - but not as worse as your screw-ups. Are you not going to forg---" I couldn't say anything anymore, not with Constantijin's lips on mine.

The tears fell freely even as I weaved my arms around his neck, bringing my body as close to his as I could. The relief of being back in his arms was almost painful, and I couldn't stop myself from shaking.

His fingers suddenly tightened around my hair, and then Constantijin was using it to pull my head back with gentle firmness, forcing me to look up to him. "You chose him over me," he growled.

Cupping his face, staring straight at his silver eyes, I said feelingly, "I didn't. I never did and I never would. I'll always choose you over any other guy." Then I pulled his head down so I could rain kisses all over his face.

It was scary and exhilarating, the way my world had suddenly found itself revolving around Constantijin.

Almost impatiently, he took my chin and covered my lips with another breathtaking kiss, his tongue entering my mouth just as his hands spanned my waist and pulled me towards him. I gasped against his tongue when his fingers started a tantalizingly sensual trail on the curves of my body before lingering on the undersides of my br**sts.

He reared back abruptly, making me look up at him in confusion. "Did you do it to make me feel jealous?" He pinched my ni**les at the last word.

I shuddered even as I protested, "No."

He pinched my ni**les again. "I don't think I believe you." But this time, there was a smile in his eyes as he spoke. He was back to the wickedly teasing Constantijin I knew and loved.

I couldn't help smiling, too, even as I said, "Well, now that you've---aaah." Constantijin had suddenly lowered his head, sucking and biting my nipple through the thin silk of my gown. I sank my fingers in his hair as I lifted myself toward him, loving and missing the feel of his tongue caressing my body. By the time he moved to my other nipple, I was bucking helplessly against him, unable to control my response.

And then it was over.

Blinking at Constantijin, I stammered, "Wha-why?"

He was breathing hard, but there was a gleam in his eyes that made me catch my breath. It was so...wicked. Almost playfully so, and Constantijin in a playful mood was enough to make even the grouchiest spinster swoon. "Punishment."

My eyebrows shot up. "Punishment?"

"All this time, Yanna, you had me following your every order like I was a f**king slave. You made me f**king court you, f**king ignore that other men could talk to you without knowing you already belonged to someone else, and when you were finally mine, you wanted to keep it a f**king secret. If I could replace you, I would. But I f**king can't!"

I breathed unevenly, "Constantijin, are you saying that this time you didn't sleep with the woman I saw with you on TV?" It was my greatest fear, something I couldn't even share with my friends. I didn't want them to know that I might just be weak enough to still take Constantijin back even if he had slept with another woman...again.

He glared at me. "Did I not just say so? Is that so f**king hard to understand?"

Words failed me, and I could only stare at him helplessly. Didn't he see how f**king hard that would be to understand...for everyone? He was Constantijin Kastein. The last time we had a fight, he did replace me. In his mind, his bed, his life. But this time he didn't. He couldn't. Another smile fought its way to my lips, but I did my best to put it off, the same way I was doing my hardest not to let him know how I was doing a crazy happy dance inside my mind.

He had been faithful.

There was a time when he would have taken another woman to his bed just to spite me. But this time - now that he actually had a semblance of a reason to do so - he didn't. Constantijin chose to be faithful to me even though we both knew every woman in this party - and outside it - would have done anything just to have one night with him. The realization was enough to make me forget all the heartbreak he had caused me. I no longer cared about the bimbo I saw with him on TV or the fact that I practically had to crawl back to him begging before we could be together again.

One day, I promised myself, it would be different between us. One day, he wouldn't be able to wait for so long because he'd find life as unbearable as I did if we weren't together. One day Constantijin would feel like that and more because that was how I felt about him.

"Stop looking at me like that," he suddenly snapped, making me jump in surprise.

"Wha-how am I looking at you?"

"Like you want to f**king eat me."

I blurted out, "But I do."

Constantijin's eyes flared wide.

Shit - did I really just say that?

Me, the oldest virgin in the state of Florida? Me, the only woman whom Netherlands' #1 playboy still wasn't able to, well, f**k?

Spinning around, I almost tumbled out of my heels in my haste to walk away. I didn't want to be around when he got over his shock. If he did, I was dead. I said nervously, "It's, umm, really late and I still have to get to work early tomorrow---"

"Yanna."

And that was it. I was dead now. Why did my name on his lips sound so irresistible? I slowly turned around, cheeks flushed in embarrassment.

He beckoned me to come forward, and like a puppet I did so, stopping only when I was just inches away.

Without warning, Constantijin cupped my sex, his fingers delving deep until he was practically pushing them inside me, a bunch of fabric caught between his fingers and my now aching folds.

I gasped.

He started to stroke me, gently and seductively, his silvery gaze burning with so much passion it made my throat dry. Every touch of his fingers made me feel like he was closer and closer to devouring me. And I wanted him to.

"Do you really want to eat me?"

"Yes?" It came out as a gasp as well, a strangled one.

"Can I eat you first?"

I didn't want to answer. It was too embarrassing.

"Yanna."

Oh, God. Why did his Dutch accent always bring out the slut in me? I whimpered, "Yes."

"Did you miss me?"

"Yes." I said it simply, without artifice.

Constantijin's fingers tightened around my sex, his gaze burning even more brightly, like silver caught on fire. "Tell me you won't deny me anymore. When I say we will let everyone know about us, you won't argue."

"Yes." Oh God, a thousand yes to anything he asked just as long he continued touching me like he was right now.

"Good." He took my hand, guiding me deeper into the manmade forest, the dimly lit room turning the evergreen leaves into black shadows. He stopped when we reached the edge of the room, where flowers bloomed from the spread-out branches of a large tree.

Constantijin lowered himself to the ground, leaning against its wide bark. He crooked a finger towards me once more. "Strip, Yanna."

I glanced up at the CCTVs. "But..."

"Every one behind those cameras is my security team, and they follow my orders and no one else's." When I still hesitated, Constantijin said, "I'm too possessive of you. Isn't that obvious? Do you think I'd risk having any man see your na**d body?"

I smiled weakly. "I can't help being shy."

"I know that. And I love it. But I also want you to try to be more open, with me - only me. I've always wanted to see you proudly giving your body to me." His voice thickened. "Will you do that for me, Yanna? Will you strip for me?"

More tense seconds passed before I finally managed to get past all my insecurities and bring my fingers to the sides of my gown. But I couldn't make them move further than that. Stripping - in front of a man, and Constantijin no less. How could he think---

"Please, Yanna."

And of course, those two words did it.

Music from the party outside reached us, faint but discernible, making me feel like I really was doing a striptease as I slowly shimmied out of my gown, conscious, embarrassed, and aroused at the way Constantijin didn't take his gaze off me all the while. I knew I wasn't perfect like him. I had pocket-sized br**sts, my h*ps were too wide, my legs weren't miles long - but the way he was looking at me so hungrily made me feel like I was a goddess. His goddess.

When I stood in my underwear and heels, he rasped out, "Those lacy things, too. But leave your heels."

Oh, dear. This was getting too kinky for me to breathe properly. But even as I thought that, my trembling fingers had already gone to my bra, unclipping it and letting it fall silently to the floor.

"Beautiful," Constantijin whispered.

And then I was pulling my panties down, stepping out of it one foot at a time.

"Don't cover yourself," he ordered when I lifted my arms.

I let them fall back to the sides.

"Stand straight, schat."

I did, and feeling my br**sts jutting forward made me blush harder.

"Perfect." His gaze lingered on my br**sts before moving down, gazing so intently on the triangle between my legs I slowly became wet. When he chuckled, I wanted to die. He knew. Dear Lord, he knew that his eyes alone had me hot and wanting.

"Now, come and feed me, Yanna."

"What?" I strangled out.

"Yanna." A tinge of impatience that should have irritated me but instead aroused me even more.

"Hurry, dammit."

And so I hurried, thrilling to the thread of frustration in his voice.

"Hold my hair."

I gripped his hair.

"Tighter."

My fingers tightened.

"Now pull my head forward and feed me your cunt."

I gasped, surprised at how that last word made me feel even more aroused. When I glanced down at him, my legs trembled the moment his burning gaze meant mine. Those lovely, expressive eyes told me that he really was going to eat me until he owned me, body and soul.

"Now, Yanna."

I pushed his head forward, and my knees immediately turned weak as his tongue stroked my flesh. He started with slow and long strokes, but when my grip on his hair tightened, his tongue delved between my folds, tasting me even more deeply than I ever imagined he could.

A moan escaped me, and the sound made Constantijin's tongue move even faster, thrusting in and out like a wet and sleeker version of a cock.

"Oh God."

But still he continued eating me, and all I could do was hold on to him, doing my best to keep myself upright and balanced in my heels.

When his tongue finally found my clit, I lost all control. Mindless with pleasure, I began pushing his head closer to my sex. Constantijin sucked hard on my cl*t and it was all I could not to grind myself against his mouth. He sucked harder and harder, and I floated higher and higher until I could finally fly, the intensity of the pleasure he had given me making my body melt into liquid heat.

Constantijin chuckled as my knees gave out completely. He held me, and I shuddered as I came and came, moisture flooding out from between my legs.

Countless minutes passed and I could only lean against his chest, savoring the softer tremors of the aftermath of pleasure that Constantijin had given me. Constantijin was now on his feet, his arms around my waist, one hand stroking my back idly.

When I looked up, Constantijin deliberately licked his lips, his eyes gleaming with laughter.

I blushed. "Constantijin!"

He said innocently, "What?"

"You---"

"Tasted so good, schat."

I moaned, covering my face, even more embarrassed.

He pulled my hands away. "I loved the way you made me eat you more and more---"

"Can we please not talk about it?" I pleaded.

He kissed me, and suddenly I was tasting myself. It was unexpected, and I thought I would have gagged but all it made me think was how next time I could be tasting him.

He pulled away, his hand suddenly curling around my breast and cupping it possessively. "You are mine now, are you not?"

The words reminded me of something I was hoping I wouldn't remember, making me bite my lip.

His fingers tightened around my breast. "Yanna, answer me."

"But are you mine, too?"

"Of course I am."

"Then...why did you go out with another woman again?" I didn't even have to close my eyes to imagine Constantijin with the woman I had seen on TV at his side, another blond beauty who shot my confidence to pieces. She looked so right next to him, the way I knew I never could be.

Cute, fun, perky - people used those words over and over to describe me, but Constantijin didn't deserve a woman who sounded like a hyperactive poodle. He needed someone sophisticated and glamorous as he was, and I was still scared that there'd be a day he'd realize that, too.

Constantijin took my hands and placed them on his chest, allowing me to feel his heartbeat. It remained calm and steadfast, like an inevitable truth, as Constantijin answered, "I wanted to hurt you for choosing him over me." His head lowered, his lips touching the upper slope of my breast, leaving a kiss that felt like a promise. "I won't do it again, Yanna. But you must promise me the same. You must not choose anyone else over me."

For one infinite-like second, I was terrified of what was happening. I was falling too hard and too fast for this man, and he was asking so much of me without really offering anything in return.

He wanted me, but for how long?

He said he was mine, but until when?

Yet in the end, the lack of answers was something I could only close my eyes to - something I had to pretend didn't exist. It was too late. I was already unquestioningly his, even if there came a time that he wouldn't want me anymore.

"Yanna?

My arms around him tightened. "I'm yours, Constantijin. Only yours."

Then the doors in the distance swooshed open, followed by drunken voices, as another man asked, "I swear, I saw Kastein come in here."

Lesson #2

Let your billionaire think all you want is his money.

He will hurt you less when you do.

Constantijin had me dressed in seconds, so quickly I could only blink as he helped me put on my underwear and pulled my gown back down. "Hide," he said grimly.

I blinked in confusion. "But I'm already dressed---"

He shook his head. "I know those men. They'd talk about you the moment they're done being hung over. I do not want the first thing that people will say about you when they find out about us to be an ugly thing." He kissed my fingers. "I want it to be perfect between us."

A lot of butterfly wings fluttered inside my stomach when I heard those words.

He caressed my cheek. "When I leave, wait for five more minutes before going out. I will be waiting for you then." And then he was gone, calling out something in Dutch to the pair of intoxicated men, whose footsteps already sounded awfully near.

Five minutes, huh?

I knew exactly what I could do with that. Closing my eyes, a smile already touching my lips, I let myself imagine the pleasure I had experienced in Constantijin's arms. In an instant, I was aroused again, my body yearning already for his touch. It made me blush, but the wanton feelings also made my smile widen. I wanted him madly, but he wanted me just as madly, too.

Reluctantly opening my eyes when I felt that five minutes had already passed, I slowly retraced my path out of the forest. Here and there I'd let my fingers graze the bark of a tree, a flower's tender soft petals, their textures a way of cementing the fact that this was all real.

Constantijin might never admit it, but something had changed between us tonight - and it was a step closer to him loving me back someday.

A swooshing sound took me out of my thoughts, and I saw two women almost stalking their way into the conservatory, the doors swinging heavily shut behind them. My eyes widened when I realized that the younger woman was the same one I had seen with Constantijin on TV last night.

Why was she here?

"Oh, did you see how he snubbed me, Mother?" Constantijin's date screeched.

"Calm down, Brittany. You won't win him back with your temper." The older woman opened her purse, taking out a lighter and a cigarette. Blowing out a circle of smoke, she continued, "But honestly, darling, I don't care if you don't get back together with him. His bloodline is...as you know...dirty."

"Honestly, Mother, I don't give a damn even if his mother had f**ked every guy in the city---"

"Oh, darling, I think she truly did back then."

"---but what I do care about is being his wife and getting access to his billions."

Maybe this seemed like exaggerating, but even this far I could practically see the dollar signs shining in Brittany's eyes as she hissed, "Billions, Mother. Don't you think that's worth ignoring he's got a hooker for a mother?"

The words took me so much by surprise I accidentally knocked the electrically lit pillar next to me.

Shit.

"Who's there?" Brittany asked shrilly.

I was so busted.

Or maybe I wasn't. Maybe I could hide---

A blazing light suddenly went my way, blinding me. I blinked, automatically trying to shield my gaze from the glare of the other woman's Blackberry torch-like lighting.

When I looked up, Brittany and Brittany Sr. were right in front of me.

"Eavesdropping cheap bitch!"

And there went the first missile, from the older woman no less.

But because I preferred Switzerland's neutral role in wars, I pretended the words didn't rankle and said evenly, "I understand why you think that, but---"

"Oh my God, Mother, I know who this bitch is! She's that woman Constantijin couldn't stop staring at a while ago." Brittany gave me a look from head to toe. I'd be lying if I didn't feel smaller as she did - and it didn't even have anything to do with the fact that she towered over me by at least half a foot.

"Who are you?" Brittany Sr. snapped.

"None of your business."

Her eyes narrowed. "If you're planning to tell Constantijin about what you think you heard---"

Wow. She was really taking that route? I cleared my throat. "I know exactly what I heard."

Brittany suddenly pushed herself between her mother and me. Taking me by surprise when she suddenly yanked me by the hair, she snapped, "Listen, you little bitch. I'm going to ruin you if you ever speak one word about this."

The doors opened, and its sound made me close my eyes in despair. Another surprise guest? The night just kept getting better and better. Not.

"Please release my guest, Brittany." The familiar cultured voice made my eyes flare wide open.

It really was her - Marge Kastein, Constantijin's mother.

When the other woman didn't move, Marge's voice turned into steel. "Brittany."

Brittany released me with a curse. I curled my fingers into a fist. If I didn't, I would be touching my scalp because it honestly hurt, and I didn't want the blond bimbo and her mother to know that.

Brittany Sr. drew herself up stiffly. "I don't appreciate you taking that tone to my daughter, Margaret."

"And if I ever learn about you or your daughter mistreating my guest again, I'll sue both of you for manhandling."

The older woman's face became suffused with such rage, everything suddenly became clear. These two had a history, and it wasn't a good one.

Brittany Sr. screeched, "How dare you? If it wasn't for Erik Kastein, you wouldn't even have the right to speak with me, you whore!"

A pinkish film covered my vision. It was one thing to hear them backstab Marge - which I could honestly forgive since I sincerely believed that what you didn't know didn't matter a damn - but it was another thing entirely to insult someone I knew in front of me.

Marge didn't even flinch, and for a moment I was filled with such awe for her. Marge's face, still unlined by age, shone with the kind of beauty that was more than skin deep. And in her floor-length gown, with its long black lacy sleeves and white empire-cut body, she wasn't the one who looked like a whore. It was the other woman, whose probably royalty-like lineage didn't appear to have a good effect on her fashion taste. She was dressed as provocatively as her daughter, in a glittery strapless gown that boasted a fake tan and meaty thighs.

Pity underlined Marge's voice when she spoke. "After all these years, you still feel bitter that he fell in love with me, don't you?"

"Love?"

I winced at the shrill sound of the older woman's voice.

"You flatter yourself. No, you turned his head around because of all your cheap little tricks in bed, and of course you'd be able to seduce him away from me. By the time you had a hundred men using your body, I was still a virgin---"

The pinkish vision turned into fuchsia, no matter how much I was inhaling and exhaling to stop rage from taking over my common sense.

"And you really had the gall to marry him, even though you know you'd make Erik a laughingstock, with everyone having had a taste of your always-hungry pu**y---"

Fuchsia deepened into crimson, and I clenched my hands together in an effort to control myself.

"---and worst of all for Erik, everyone knew that when you married him, you were knocked up with someone else's child, a bastard who doesn't know his place---"

Crimson transformed into the bloodiest shade of red.

I charged towards Brittany Sr.

"What the---"

"Yanna, no!"

Slap.

"You bitch!" Brittany howled behind me. And then she was clawing my back, pulling my hair to keep me off her mother, but I was already lifting my hand.

Slap.

The red marks on each cheek didn't even satisfy me. "You make me sick, old hag!" Slap. "How can you say such terrible words when you're the ugliest cougar I've ever seen?" Slap.

"Let go of my mother," Brittany screeched.

Dimly, I heard Marge speaking in Dutch, her words fast and furious.

The doors swooshed open, and all four of us froze for a moment, our eyes swinging to its direction. I hoped it was Constantijin, but this just wasn't my night at all. A rather large woman in a black-and-white flapper dress gawked.

Brittany was the first to recover. "I said let go of my mother!" She pulled on my gown so hard I heard a tearing sound.

I automatically let go of Brittany Sr., clutching my gown to my body before I found myself in my underwear. Of course, that allowed the older blond bimbo to take advantage and suddenly I had one woman trying to get me bald while the other one wanted me naked.

The large woman screamed, "Security!"

A siren started wailing out of nowhere, as if triggered by the word. More slapping occurred after that, but this time it was me taking a dose of my own medicine. Brittany got to claw my face, but I got to jab her in the eye. And Brittany Sr. did manage to rip my gown off, but I sort of popped something of hers, and the next thing I knew silicone gel had exploded on three of us.

Then there were the police, the walk of shame - it was all a blur after that, and I couldn't remember much of it. All I knew then was that Constantijin was nowhere to be found.

Lesson #3

There is no chastity belt

that your billionaire cannot make you unlock.

"Yanna?" It took a while before I realized someone had called my name. I was locked with the blond bimbos in a prison cell, wearing an inmate uniform because my gown - Daria's actually - was beyond hopeless to repair.

But it wasn't that bad, not really. It could have been a lot worse. We could have been, like, arrested by sexual maniacs with a badge. Or we could have been thrown into a cell occupied by, like, convicted lesbian ra**sts.

Compared to all the horrifying thoughts that had crowded my mind during the ride, reality was a lot more pleasant. In fact, the police station appeared to be one of the newest in the city - a fairly small one, with the other two cells still empty. The lady officer even offered us coffee as we waited for someone to bail us out and have the paperwork done on who was going to sue whom for God knew what.

All in all, I counted myself lucky. If there had been a real-life hardcore criminal standing even ten feet away from me in this prison, I would have freaked out.

Like what Brittany was doing - or had been doing since we were taken here. Ten minutes ago.

"Oh my God." That was, like, the five hundredth time she had said that. Five minutes ago.

Seriously, I wanted to freak out, too, and I was sort of doing it, but, like, silently. Besides, the only thing her screams and tantrums did now was to give me a headache.

"This is all your fault!" Brittany spat when she caught me looking at her.

If I didn't feel so tired, I would have laughed. The shiner I gave Brittany was complemented by her white eyeliner, giving her a Glittery Panda Goddess look. Seeing it made me touch the slash she left on the edge of my face, near my left ear, and I winced in pain because the wound was still fresh.

"Let me out of this f**king hellhole!"

God! Did she, like, have to cuss all the time? Why couldn't everyone just turn into a ditz like I did when I was stressed out? It was, like, so much calmer - and easier on the ears.

"Oh my God." That made, what, 501 times for Brittany?

"Yan-na."

"Oh my God." That was me, though.

What was Alyx doing here?

"Hello, my beautiful peace-loving friend." Laughter tinged Alyx's voice.

I covered my face with my hands. "Shut up." I suddenly felt sick and miserable, absolutely shamed at how I had gone literally crazy earlier. With my eyes squeezed shut, all I could see was how security had to drag the three of us out - me and the blond bimbos - and straight into the backseat of a police car that was conveniently waiting outside on standby, in case shit like what had happened would happen.

Marge had started to argue with the security, but I pleaded her not to - or at least I hazily recalled somewhat doing so. I hadn't wanted her to get involved and increase the chances that the stuff the B-squares - that was, like, totally what I was going to call them from now on - said about her would leak to the press.

"I can't believe you did that," Alyx told me even though I still wasn't looking at her.

She wasn't the only one. I just wasn't raised that way. I had never gotten into a fight in my entire life. And before this humiliating fiasco, the closest I got to it was the subtle exchange of digs I'd have with Arian at work, which was totally lame since the best 'dig' I could do was make faces behind her back.

"What are you going to say to your Mom when she hears about this?"

My head jerked up at that. "Don't tell her." My life would be over if Carole knew I had been behind bars. Since I was their only child - and my mom only had me when she was almost forty - my parents were nearly fanatical about my safety.

"Visitors for Yanna Everleigh," the policeman stationed by the main door boomed.

Alyx raised an eyebrow at me, saying musingly as she turned around, "This is interesting. As far as I know, you can't have more than one visitor at a time."

"Yanna?"

"Mr. Fix-It," Alyx gasped.

Gasping as well, I caught a glimpse of Drake's tall form walking swiftly towards me. He was still dressed in his tux, and against the sterile background of the prison cells, he looked like an angel flying in to rescue me. I quickly looked down before his eyes could meet mine. What was he doing here?

"Yanna?"

My head jerked up, and my neck started to ache with all the sudden up-down movements I was doing with my head. "Mrs. Kastein?" What was she doing here, too?

The main doors burst open. "Where is she?"

I bent my head back down again.

What took him so long?

Seated on the opposite bench, Brittany's mother - Beatrice - shrieked, "Where are my visitors, ass**le?" She sounded drunk even though her test results were negative. Apparently, decades-old envy could have that effect on some people.

"Constantijin, oh, thank God, you're here, darling!" Brittany flew to my side of the bars, pushing me out of her way as she did. "It's all this bitch's fault! She attacked my mother---"

"I will give you three f**king seconds to get out of my face---"

"Y-you don't mean that!"

"---before I have my lawyers take you to court and sentence you and your mother for life imprisonment." There was a moment of silence.

"Aaaaawkward," Alyx said gleefully.

Brittany burst out, "Are you insane? She was the one who attacked my mother first!"

"One."

"Is this f**king for real? You're going to choose this lowlife nobody---"

Constantijin's voice became colder. "Two."

"Fuck you!" But she was already stalking away even as she spat the words out.

"Yanna?" His voice was very gentle.

I shook my head.

"Please look at me, sweetheart. My lawyers already have everything under control. You'll be out in minutes." When I still didn't move or say a word, he said even more softly, "Please, Yanna, for me?"

God! He already knew how to manipulate me so well. It was scary to think how he could be even more manipulative once he found out I was in love with him, too. I looked up.

Constantijin stood before me, minus his blazer, and a half of his long-sleeved white polo tucked in his jeans while the other half was left hanging. His beautiful hair was roughed up, not at all sleekly arranged like I had glimpsed it earlier tonight.

Tension was sketched on his face, but his silver eyes were brighter than I had ever seen them, with just too many emotions swirling in his gaze that I couldn't make sense of them.

I bit my lip hard to stop it from trembling. All I could think was I should have handled it better. Constantijin had wanted me to make a good first impression as his girlfriend but thanks to my outburst, everyone would think he was dating a gangster.

"I'm sorry."

I waited for him to say something but he didn't. Instead, he reached out to me, slipping his hand between the bars.

Slowly, I placed my hand in his and he pulled me carefully towards him. His other hand slipped between the bars as I came close, and I could see it trembling when he touched my face.

I couldn't stop myself from wincing when his fingers came in contact with the wound on my face. When Constantijin abruptly drew his hand back, I said quickly, "It doesn't hurt."

"Don't lie," he bit out.

We stared at each other, everything and everyone around us fading. I found myself unable to breathe when I realized how much he was holding back. Then he said with heartbreaking simplicity that had me sobbing the next moment, "Thank you for defending my mother and me."

As I cried, I heard footsteps, followed by the clanging sound of keys. The metal bars rattled as the doors to our cell were finally unlocked. Constantijin swept me in his arms, literally, forcing me to hold on to him, with my legs dangling in the air.

I tried to struggle then, my face burning in embarrassment because I was acutely aware of the fact that we still had Alyx, Drake, and his mom with us. "Let me down!" I said hoarsely, throat still scratchy with tears.

His arms only tightened. "No."

Marge smiled, and her voice was even gentler as her son's when she spoke. "Thank you, too, darling." She kissed my cheek. "We'll talk soon. I'll go now that I know you're in safe arms---"

I blushed even as Constantijin laughed.

"I mean, hands," Marge corrected herself innocently.

When she turned away, Constantijin said coolly, "Morrison."

"Sir," Drake said in a polite, bland voice before smiling at me.

I smiled back hesitantly even as I did my best not to blush even more. This was seriously getting more awkward.

"I'll see you at work, Yanna. Take care."

Constantijin answered before I could. "I always take care of what's mine."

"I'll believe it when I see it---sir."

Constantijin stiffened. "If you are saying that I cannot f**king take care---"

Drake was already walking away, but he said over his shoulder, "That's not what I'm doubting."

I choked, a second too late in realizing what that meant. Alyx was even worse, laughing outright as Constantijin cursed in fluid Dutch.

Alyx's eyes suddenly narrowed. "You will take care of her, won't you?"

"With everything I have," Constantijin answered, his words strongly accented. It made me blink back tears.

An impish grin appeared on her face.

Uh-oh.

"Alyx, don't---"

"And you will take care of her that way, too, right?"

"ALYX!"

Constantijin lifted a brow at me before glancing back at my friend, his tone curious as he asked, "In what way?"

Alyx slowly started backing away, which was smart of her because if she had been close enough for me to reach, she'd be, like, totally under six thousand feet by now.

She said airily, "Oh, you know, like sex?"

Constantijin coughed.

"She's still a V, but I'm sure you know that and I'm equally sure you know what to do with it."

Lesson #4

Your billionaire knows a billion ways to please your body,

but he will not want to know that he has also pleased your heart.

Over my admittedly weak protests, Constantijin had booked us into the penthouse suite of the nearest five-star hotel to the station, which was literally a block away. The limousine dropped us at the basement parking level, where the manager - his name tag said so - waited for us, next to the hotel's private lift.

"Mr. Kastein, everything has been arranged according to your specifications." He bowed, his eyes never straying towards me even though I was pretty sure he was dying of curiosity why a billionaire had a female inmate in his arms.

Constantijin had still insisted on carrying me in his arms, like he wanted to atone for being late by treating me like a spoiled princess. It was embarrassing, of course, but it was also poignantly sweet.

"Thank you. Make sure we are not disturbed."

"Yes, Mr. Kastein." The manager bowed then swiped his card on the elevator.

The doors slid closed.

Feeling his heated gaze on me, which made me feel jittery, I said hurriedly, "Is this a new hotel?" I had lived all my life in Florida, but I hadn't even known this one existed until now.

"No."

"What's its name?"

"It doesn't have one."

This time, I frowned in exasperation. "I'm serious."

"And I'm not either, schat."

Oh, God. The way he said that word - which I still hadn't managed to look up - made my whole body shiver. And the damn man knew it!

"But---"

"You need to have at least one billion dollars in your account before you are sent an invitation by its management. It is how it keeps its clientele exclusive. Even if you were a client before but your bank account now is a dollar shy from a billion, then you would not be admitted here."

My jaw dropped - well actually it had done so the moment he said you had to be a billionaire just to be a hotel guest.

"This building has ten floors - and there is only one suite in each floor, except for the penthouse suite, which has the top two floors."

"You're totally pulling my leg."

"You may explore the entire hotel---" He paused.

I tried not to squirm since that pause seemed the type you should be waiting for.

"After I finally take what's mine."

I'm not going to ask him what that is. I'm so not going to---

It was hopeless.

Glancing away, I asked breathlessly, "And that's?"

His lips touched my ear, and his whisper set my body on fire. "Your virginity."

Constantijin only let me down when we entered the suite and I immediately held on to the first solid thing that could support me, which was a pole.

A pole?

My head jerked up, and I gasped when I realized that I was holding on to one of the steel bars of an unlocked human-sized cage. It was large enough to incarcerate a team, but its vast size probably had more to do with the actual dancing pole it had at the center.

I heard Constantijin shut the double doors closed behind me, and then the lights went out, making me gasp as the entire room was plunged into darkness. A second later, and another set of lights came back. The pole dancing cage glittered like a neon rainbow, while at the center of the suite a crystal heart-shaped chandelier showered golden light all over the place.

"What the heck is this place?" I whispered. I could only blink at our surroundings, just plain overwhelmed at how stunningly beautiful it was in an outrageously hedonistic fashion.

Lush tapestries covered every inch of the walls and ceiling, an exquisite but horribly expensive way to turn the suite into a soundproofed haven. Each panel of tapestry depicted a different sexual encounter, albeit tastefully rendered, like a vividly colored and lushly illustrated Kama Sutra with needle and thread.

There was no living room - or at least in the traditional sense. At one end of the room, under billowing curtains of gossamer, silk, and velvet, an expansive throne sparkled in black and gold. Pillows encased in shimmery fabrics of every color surrounded it, a harem that patiently waited for one to rule and another to submit.

At its side was a balcony, the biggest one I had ever seen in my life, a paradise of palm trees and flowers, swings and gazebos, and manmade waterfalls and ponds that looked deep enough for people to swim in.

My dad was by no means poor. He earned his first million the moment he graduated from college, and his wealth had only grown by leaps and bounds after that. But he clearly wasn't in Constantijin's league. Right now I sort of understood why even someone as obviously wealthy as Brittany could be fascinated with the wealth that this man represented.

Constantijin took my hand again. "You like it?"

"Yes." I said it even though I felt like by doing so I was admitting to liking something else - something similar to what the walls and ceilings were silently singing.

He smiled. "There's more."

Past the throne room - or at least that was what I thought it was called - was a hallway of doors, opposite a magnificent glass wall that boasted the best skyline views. Each door held a magical surprise - a library with twenty-foot-tall shelves, a glow-in-the-dark bowling room, a private theater with its own stage, and it even had its own bar and restaurant with a waiting barista, chef, and a pair of servers. The list went on and on, but there wasn't much time to really take it all in, not when we reached the end of the hallway.

Constantijin opened the last door, and the first thing I saw was a sweeping staircase. A little further in and I gasped, realizing that the staircase led to the suite's bedroom - which encompassed an entire floor.

My gaze fell to the bed - circular in shape, as enormous as a children's carousel, its headboard an intricate work of gold-plated steel. The covers and pillows were in red velvet while the sheets were in gold.

I didn't see the rest of the room. I couldn't. The bed had me gulping, and in an instant I was vacillating between breathing heavily in excitement and breathing not at all because I was too nervous.

"Constantijin---"

"It's time, Yanna." And then he wasn't letting either of us speak.

His lips demanded unconditional surrender from mine, his tongue sweeping in like a bold and conquering force that laid claim to my mouth. Dimly, I heard several ripping sounds and then I was gasping again when I realized we were both down in our underwear.

Constantijin lifted me up in his arms once more as he descended the stairs swiftly and then climbing another set to reach the bed. He laid me down gently, and I quickly scrambled up to a sitting position. Just for a moment I could only stare at him in fear. I wasn't afraid of him. I loved him. But I was afraid of this - of what was about to happen.

The bed was at least ten feet from the ground, and the knowledge led to a dizzying sensation, something that was as surreal as the thought of having this man want me so much he would lash out with such virulence whenever he thought I didn't want him back.

Kneeling in front of me, Constantijin held my face between his large and gentle hands. "Don't be scared, sweetheart."

"I can't help it," I whispered shakily. "I keep remembering the things my parents told me and..." I dealt his body a dubious look and winced when his c**k actually twitched against his briefs. "We don't seem a good...fit?"

A bark of laughter escaped him. "You're seriously worried?"

"I can't help it! Don't you know a woman can hemorrhage when a hymen---"

Constantijin stilled at the sight of me near tears. "Yanna." His voice gentled. "I won't hurt you. Surely you know that by now?"

"I know that, but does...it?" My hands flapped towards his ever-growing cock. "It's..." I threw my arms wide open. "It's huge!"

This time, it was Constantijin's lips which twitched.

"You should never have given me time to think," I mumbled. "We should have done it like before, you kissing me until I can't think---"

He kissed me then, putting a stop to my rambling but pulling away before I could lose myself in it. Constantijin smiled. "We won't have to do anything tonight. We can just lay here together, sleep in each other's arms." He brushed my hair away slowly. "You are the only woman I am willing to wait for."

The words touched me, more deeply than I knew he was aware of. I would never have thought he could say something like that. Most guys would have laughed at my fears. Most would have thought I was playing coy. But he did none of those, and it just made me love him more. Letting impulse be my guide, I went on my knees as well and unclipped my bra with trembling fingers.

Constantijin sucked his breath in.

Voice trembling as hard as my body, I said shyly, "Make me yours."

He didn't need another invitation. He pushed me to my back, and I let myself fall against the bed, my legs sliding open of its own accord as he settled his weight in between, his arousal a throbbing and pulsing hardness that made me whimper involuntarily.

He looked into my eyes. "Mine."

"Yours---" And my word faded into a moan as Constantijin bent down to cup my br**sts with each hand before taking one nipple in, fingers squeezing to have my nipple move further into my mouth.

Small, pleasure-tinged cries filled the room, and it took a while for the realization to sink in - that those sounds were coming from me, and I couldn't - I just couldn't stop making them. He was kissing me everywhere, touching me in the parts where it ached the most. As he sucked on my other nipple, his other hand was already stroking me into wetness, teasing me over the lace before tearing it apart.

He sucked harder, causing me to gasp and arch my back. It was exactly what he wanted because it brought my sex up, too, and one finger easily found its way past the folds.

"Constantijin!" I couldn't help crying out his name as he started moving his fingers. I didn't know how long it lasted. All I knew was that having him inside me - even if it wasn't his c**k - already felt more pleasure than I could bear. And then his finger was joined by another and another and by then I couldn't help pushing my h*ps up to meet every thrust his fingers made.

"Please," I begged him. It was all I could manage to say, but I knew he would understand.

And he did.

I watched Constantijin tear open a foil package and cover himself with a condom before returning to me. He pushed my thighs to open wider. "Soon," he promised just before his head disappeared down and then he was licking me. The pleasure was on me the moment his tongue reached my cl*t and I jerked against him.

He immediately reared up, bracing his arms against each side of me. As I cried out in ecstasy, Constantijin's c**k nudged against my entrance.

I shivered in anticipation even though I was still coming, the waves of pleasure only softening ever so slightly. "Please," I panted.

"Yes, now." The head of his c**k finally entered my body, and it was fuller than his fingers combined, the sensation unbelievably raw and consuming.

My arms went around him, my nails scraping down to dig into his back. "Please, please---ah."

Constantijin had suddenly thrust hard, his c**k going all the way in, easily breaking the flimsy barrier that made up my virginity.

It was painful, but in an agonizingly beautiful way that had tears stinging my eyes in a mixture of joy and hurt.

A fine sheen of sweat covered Constantijin's body, the muscles in his strong arms tensing as he did his best to keep his weight from crushing me. "Does it hurt?"

It took a while to find my voice. "N-no."

Without a word, Constantijin slowly pulled out, and I let out a sound of protest. But it was immediately cut off by the blazing sensation of pleasure that took over my body when Constantijin just as abruptly and completely thrust back in.

"Does that hurt?" he rasped out.

My arms tightened around him as my eyes closed shut in bliss. "No."

Constantijin's thrusts took on a rhythm, one that was agonizing in its slowness. "Faster," I gasped out.

He increased his tempo, a fleeting grin touching his wonderfully shaped lips as he looked down on me. "Like this, sweetheart?"

Even as I blushed at the look in his eyes, I couldn't help moaning, "Yes."

The faster thrusts of his c**k into my body made me arch up against him as I did my best to match his tempo. But still there was something missing, and the wicked gleam in his silvery eyes told me that he knew what it was - and he was deliberately keeping it away from me.

"Constantijin!" I beat his chest half-heartedly.

He laughed, asking innocently, "What?"

"You know what!"

"No, I don't. What do you want?" He pulled all the way out, the head of his c**k teaching my wet folds.

I beat his chest again as I growled, "Constantijin---"

"Tell me to f**k you."

My eyes widened.

He laughed, a sexy sound that had my fingers curling against his chest in a heightened sense of desire. "Tell me to f**k you hard."

I shook my head.

He started moving his h*ps in a circular fashion, causing his hard c**k to dance against my folds, and I moaned.

"Say it."

And I said almost angrily, "Fuck me hard, damn you!"

The words were barely out of my mouth when Constantijin's c**k slammed back into me, with such fierce roughness that it completely took my breath away. And then he was pounding into me, so hard I could feel myself sinking deeper into the softness of the bed. But it was beautiful, addictive, and I found myself twisting my legs around his waist to pull him closer. We rocked against each other, his c**k never stopping in its hard and furious claiming, and I cried out as I felt my body start to stir in a very familiar way, one that had my toes curling against his back.

"Constantijin!"

"I know, sweetheart," he said harshly even as he kept on pounding into me. With each thrust, his c**k seemed to sink an inch deeper and claim another piece of my heart.

It was almost there - and I was almost there, but I couldn't reach it, making me sob his name in frustration and desire. "Please," I gasped out. "Please---" I broke off when I felt Constantijin's hands move under my body, grasping the curves of my bottom.

He shifted over me, and when he drove inside me again, I gasped because this time each thrust hit my clit. By the third thrust, he had me flying over the edge.

"Aaaaaaah." I sobbed as the sensations nearly threatened to split my body apart. Constantijin hadn't stopped thrusting in and out of me as I let go, his movements becoming more frenzied.

He let out a shout and as he tensed above me, I looked up at him.

His head was thrown back, his eyes welded shut in pleasure, a guttural sound escaping his mouth as he continued to come.

At that moment, he looked so very beautiful - more so because I knew I had somehow pleased him the way he was always skillfully able to please my body. I bit my lip until the metallic taste of blood hit me. Bleeding was so much better than saying what my heart kept screaming.

I love you, I love you, I love you.

Lesson #5

Your billionaire can be treacherous without even knowing it.

He will make you want to say the words you cannot say.

"Shit." The word slipped out before I could stop it when I rolled over to my back and saw the time on the window-like clock at the left side of the bed. Made of silver and glass panes, its transparent parts let early morning sunlight filter inside the bedroom.

It was five in the morning already, and if I didn't want to be late for work, I had to leave now.

"Constantijin?" I whispered, touching his na**d shoulder gingerly.

He stirred but didn't wake. He was lying on his stomach, his head turned towards me and resting over one curled arm, as if he had fallen asleep watching me. The whimsical thought made me gulp. It tempted me to forget about reality and just stay there, but I knew I couldn't - wouldn't - do that. I didn't want Constantijin to think I took advantage of him and his position at the office the first chance I got.

I decided to try one more time before leaving. Ruffling his hair gently, I whispered, "Constantijin?"

But all he did was grunt in irritation.

It made me grin. I could easily imagine how he was as a child. He must have been a horror, not wanting to wake up for school.

With a sigh, I checked the drawers until I found a writing pad and pen. Scribbling a quick note, I hesitated at the end. Love could be misconstrued so I decided to end it with something that was sure to make him laugh instead.

After folding the note and placing it on top of the bedside table, I pressed a kiss to his cheek, where the beginnings of stubble had already appeared. It was my first time to feel his cheek less than perfectly shaved, and it created a warm fuzzy feeling inside my heart.

This was surely one of the many firsts that we'd share.

And I was right. But the second of the firsts we had to share took place in circumstances that were less than pleasing.

Shit. I said the word over and over in my mind as I hit the Up button several times even though I knew it wouldn't get the elevator to my floor fast enough. Seven-forty-freaking-five AM. I left Constantijin's bed early just to be late to work.

I sighed in relief when it finally reached basement parking and, after a few moments, started its way back up.

The doors slid open.

Shiiiiiiiiit.

Constantijin stood alone inside the elevator, gorgeous and impeccably dressed as usual. But he looked different in my eyes at the same time, like the crazy stupid romantic feelings inside me had made him appear even more beautiful.

He didn't glance at me, and that sort of killed my courage. I spun around, intending to take the stairs even if it meant suicide with my stilettos, but I was too late.

"Hold the door!" a woman said frantically behind me, and she was followed by a huge group of people rushing for work. Before I knew it, I was swept along by the tide and shoved all the way to the back.

Next to Constantijin.

A prickling sensation hit me as another person's fingers touched mine.

I looked up, but Constantijin was staring straight ahead, his face unreadable.

His fingers tightened around mine, and after hesitating for a fraction of a second, I returned his touch.

I never believed people who told me in the past that fingers could be erogenous zones but I stood 100% corrected now. They were. They so were! Constantijin's fingers slowly brushed my knuckles before caressing them slowly, gently, rhythmically. It was all I could do not to inch up next to him and pull his face down for a kiss.

And then we were alone, the only two persons left heading for the topmost floor. Constantijin was staring again, and I suddenly felt embarrassed without knowing why. I tried pulling my hand away but his fingers only tightened around mine, unwilling to let go.

"My proud and jealous girlfriend, mm?"

Hearing him say the words I had decided to use for ending my note made me giggle, the tension inside me slowly easing. And when he said, "I missed you," I relaxed completely. After, it felt totally natural to take the remaining steps that kept us apart. I stood on my toes just as he bent his head down, and the kiss we shared was short and sweet.

"I missed you, too," I whispered shyly against his lips.

When we finally pulled away, we smiled at each other automatically because everything just felt right in our world - better than it had ever been.

His Dutch accent was thick when he murmured, "Would you like to do the honors of telling everyone you're mine?"

"Uhh...no?"

His smile became sly, sexy, and wicked at the same time, making my heart race even as my mind also went on alert. That smile meant danger. "Constantijin," I began warningly.

"Are you really sure, sweetheart? I promise you will find it easier if you were to indeed act as my proud and jealous girlfriend and tell all the women hands off."

I snorted before I could stop myself, making him grin. "You're so full of yourself."

He answered with a lazy shrug, a devious smile still on his lips. The elevator chimed as it came to our floor. Before the doors slid open, he murmured, "Last chance, Yanna."

"No," I said very firmly.

The doors slid opened. "Then so be it."

Okay, that sounded ominous.

"Constantijin---"

He raised a brow. "It's Mr. Kastein during office hours," he said solemnly as he stepped to the side so I could go out first.

Ass, I mouthed as I walked past him.

"Oh, and Ms. Yanna?"

I turned around, raising a brow.

He stepped out of the elevator. "You're late, by the way." And then he was walking away, not looking back even once.

It wasn't something to smile at, really, but I ended up smiling anyway.

The details on this week's snowflakes were thankfully not that difficult so I was able to take my lunch on time. George was off again with the 25/F guy so I went to the cafeteria alone.

Since I was finally eating my mid-day meal with the rest of the crowd, it took about ten minutes before I finally reached the end of the line and gave my orders. I stuck with sashimi, deciding it was time to pay stricter attention to my diet. With a man like Constantijin as my boyfriend, I knew it meant having as many haters as he had his admirers.

All the tables were occupied except for one two-seater, which had a vacant chair left. I headed towards it but stopped midway when I realized the other occupant was Drake. Right now - it was totally not a good idea to sit with him. Constantijin could get ideas. Feminists might argue about this but why rock the boat when you didn't have to?

Fifteen more minutes passed before I spotted another vacant table, and I sped to it like a delayed bullet train. My stomach was already grumbling in protest by the time I reached the table.

"Ohh." I closed my eyes in bliss even as I didn't stop shoving raw salmon inside my mouth. God! This tasted super good, especially since I hadn't had breakfast this morning.

When I opened my eyes, Drake stood in front of me, a polite expression on his face.

I choked on the last bite and quickly reached for my tea. Oops. Too hot. I started choking again.

People were beginning to look. I bet they thought it was because I was super flustered at the presence of Drake. If Constantijin heard about it - that was a very, very bad thing.

Clearing my throat, I said lamely, "Hi."

"Can I take a seat? I just need to talk to you."

"Uhh..." I ended with a weak smile since he had already taken the seat opposite of me.

Didn't this look like we were dating? Dear God, I hoped Constantijin didn't see us together. Constantijin acting jealous was terribly sweet and cute, but I knew he hurt, too, and that I didn't want.

I looked at him expectantly. "So..."

"I was hired by Carole Everleigh to act as your bodyguard, incognito."

"WHAT?"

All heads snapped to our direction. I cringed, whispering, "Sorry."

Drake smiled sympathetically.

"Are you serious? Are you still working for my mom? Do you report everything you know to her?"

"Hold on," he said with a grin. "One question at a time." He rubbed his chin. "So, am I serious? Yes. I was your bodyguard the moment you left their house. They gave me all your details." He sent me an apologetic glance. "I even know your underwear size."

I smacked my forehead. Oh God, Mom. She was going to be the death of me one day.

"And for your second question---yes, I'm still working for her. But I will resign---"

"No," I blurted out, surprising him.

He leaned forward, and I had to steel myself not to lean back as his face came inches away from mine. "Why not?"

"Because if it's not you, it would be someone else, and I'd rather have someone I know and trust."

Drake slowly nodded. "I can't say I'm not glad you said that. I like having an excuse to check you out."

"Errr..."

"I like being your Mr. Fix It."

Oh, Lord. Alyx and her big mouth always got me into trouble. "I totally don't know what you're talking about," I said airily but Drake's answering laughter made me feel sheepish. "Well, okay, I did, umm, sort of call you that. Are you mad?"

He grinned. "Of course not. I actually like it. It's nice that you think me as your go-to guy."

Cue for awkward silence, which honestly was happening more and more frequently in my life.

"So..." Drake was the first to speak again. "You're not going to freak out on me, say I betrayed you for not telling you who I was?"

I rolled my eyes. "You've watched too many secret bodyguard movies, my friend." I picked my chopsticks up again, nabbing a piece of sashimi on my plate and popping it into my mouth. "It's not like you're the first one she hired to work undercover."

"Won't Kastein mind about me?"

"He'll get over it," I said, trying to sound like I believed what I was saying.

"I could talk to him---"

"No!" I shook my head vehemently. "That's the worst idea, ever. He's very..." I trailed off, trying to think of a way to explain Constantijin's behavior towards me without using the words 'jealous' or 'possessive'. It just didn't feel right to use those words myself.

Drake leaned back against his chair, causing his black business jacket to fall to the sides and revealing his striped white shirt underneath. I could feel women around us staring because he honestly looked very yummy, posed like this on the chair.

The grimness on his face unnerved me a little. "What is it?"

"It finally happened," he said finally. "You're with him now, aren't you?"

It shouldn't have mattered what my answer was. There had been nothing between us. In fact, there was even less than what I thought was there since he hadn't been at the right time and place because he liked being my knight in shining armor. He had always been there because he had been paid to do so.

Even so, all those words simply felt like excuses in my mind. I nodded, unable to make myself speak. I only looked up when he sighed.

"If I were petty, I'd be calling your mother right now---" He smiled wryly when he saw my horrified expression. "I was just kidding."

"Good. Because that would be really bad." I fed myself three consecutive pieces of raw salmon, using its fresh and delicious taste to calm myself. "You know her, you've talked to her. She's crazy paranoid about me." I made a face. "You see how I didn't even have trouble believing she hired you."

"Touche," Drake said, his lips breaking into a wry smile. "Her offer came at the right moment, you know. After my last mission in Iraq---"

My jaw dropped. "No way." I shook my head. "You look more like a pacifist to me. Like, a peace-loving vegan."

Drake's smile turned angelic, and his voice was matter of fact when he said, "It's why I make a good sniper. Nobody sees me coming."

I gulped, deciding then and there I totally didn't want to be on this man's bad side.

"I was having trouble adjusting to having a normal life back and your mom's assignment gave me a place to start. Plus, it came with a job here at Kastein. I always wanted to see how it was like to work for someone else who didn't carry a gun, but I also wanted to make sure the company I was working for was clean as a whistle."

His last words made me frown. "Clean, like, you want something with, umm, an environmentally friendly program?"

He shook his head. "Clean like they don't do any shady deals. And Kastein Inc. was one of the few that made it to my list."

"Oh." I looked at him admiringly. "That's, like, wow. You're such a nice guy."

"Not at all. I just didn't want to be put in a position that I'd have to kill my boss."

"I see." But I didn't really and I had a feeling I wasn't the right person to know him that well. All I knew was that there was more to Drake Morrison than what met the eye.

"Are you scared of me now?"

Drake's face was expressionless, but I had a feeling it took a lot for him to ask that. On impulse, I reached out to pat his arm - just twice, though, because doing so felt incredibly awkward. "No. I know you're a good man, Drake, so...thanks. Thank you for looking after me."

"It was the best job I had---have."

His eyes gleamed in a way that had me say warningly, "Drake."

He laughed. "All right, I won't put you in an awkward position with him - for now. But I need to be honest, I'll probably - deliberately - yank his chain once in a while."

I groaned. "Drake."

He sobered. "It's a way to make sure he doesn't take you for granted."

Okay, this time I had to sigh his name out since I was honestly touched. "Drake."

"Am I interrupting something?"

Shit.

This was the one instance I sort of hoped I wasn't hearing that Dutch-accented voice. Swallowing, I looked up, almost shivering at how Constantijin's eyes had turned into silvery ice.

Drake answered easily, "No, sir. In fact, I was just leaving." He stood up. "It was nice talking to you, Yanna."

"Uh, same." My eyes darted between the two of them. I totally didn't know who I should be looking at. Should it be Drake because it was the polite thing to do or at Constantijin because he was my boyfriend and he might think I was flirting behind his back?

Drake winked at me before drawling out, "I just have to say you look very sexy today, Yanna. 33As, right?"

God, I hated that man now - it was official. It didn't matter if he was the army's best sniper. I was so sniping him the moment I survived my confrontation with Constantijin - who was glaring down at me, a muscle ticking in his jaw.

"Office. Now."

Glenda's gaze was curious as Constantijin dragged me past her table without a word. "Hi," I whispered just before Constantijin pulled me inside his office and slammed the door shut.

He exploded immediately, "Why the f**k does he know the size of your br**sts?"

If I wasn't too worried about what he was thinking, I would have felt insulted at how he didn't even have second thoughts believing my br**sts were that small. "It's not what you think---"

"Why do you spend so much f**king time with that boy, Yanna?"

"It didn't start out that way---"

"I swear to God, Yanna, do you want to kill me with jealousy every time?"

I blinked, unable to believe he was being so open with his feelings.

He raked a hand through his hair. "I know he's a f**king angel if you compare him to me! I know he probably has a f**king nice-boy background compared to mine. He's not a bastard, with an unknown scumbag for a father and a mother who didn't have a choice but to sell---"

Eyes tearing, I threw myself in his arms, taking him by surprise. I hugged Constantijin as tightly as I could. "You don't and will never have a reason to be jealous of me, no matter what situation you find me in. You're the best man for me."

Yet he remained stiff in his arms, his unwillingness to believe in me palpable.

I tiptoed to kiss his lips. Looking into his eyes, I whispered, "Constantijin, I mean it. You're the only one I want. I don't care about your past - I think it's wonderful, beautiful, how your mother did everything to keep you alive."

He said slowly, "Most people won't see it the way you do, Yanna. They think my mother is trash because of what she used to do for a living." His voice became fierce. "But she grew up poor, she never had a chance to go to school, and my father - whoever he is - raped her."

When he stopped speaking, his breathing was harsh, and I could only cry and kiss him again, wishing there was something else I could do to take away his pain.

"She did the only thing she thought she could do and I don't blame her for it. But she never...she never did it with married men. She never---"

I placed a trembling finger on his lips. "Constantijin, you never have to defend her to me." Giving him a shaky teasing smile, I said, "If anything, you have to stop me from punching everyone who tries to insult her in front of me." My voice became woeful. "I never did get to properly say sorry for that. It wasn't the good impression---"

Constantijin took my chin almost roughly, angling my face so he could kiss me deeply. The passion in his kiss made my toes curl and all I could do was lean towards him and kiss him back.

"It was the best impression, sweetheart. I never thought I'd find a woman who would do that for my mother."

I reddened at the rare look of humbled gratitude on Constantijin's face. "It was nothing," I mumbled.

"It was everything. My mother's past is an open secret in the world I live in, Yanna - something everyone could only talk behind our backs but not one of them had the courage to bring it out in the open. But even so, we all knew."

And it had probably been Marge responsible for controlling the angry reactions of her family. In a way, I understood why. There was really nothing you could do to keep people from talking about you if they wanted to.

Constantijin suddenly frowned. "Don't think you're off the hook about the boy, though."

But his words lacked heat, and I knew he wasn't as furious as he had been earlier. "Drake was---is---a bodyguard my mother hired to look after me."

"What the hell?"

Nodding, I continued, "My mom's the, umm, super protective sort. She pulled some strings, I think, to make sure Drake got one of the rare vacancies in your company."

"I checked his background," he said broodingly. "He was a perfect fit."

"He's ex-Army, too."

"That f**king boy?"

Giggling again, I wagged a finger in warning. "Careful. That f**king boy can easily outshoot you if he knows what you call him."

Constantijin's voice chilled. "He might outshoot me, but not the entire army I can hire to shoot him if he dares make another move at you."

I made a face. "You're such a sore loser. Can't you let another person win?"

Hauling me back into his arms, he muttered, "Never. Not where you're concerned."

Okay, that had me biting my lip very hard because he was making it so difficult for me not to tell him how much I loved him.

His hand suddenly went under my skirt, his fingers stroking my sex.

I yelped. "Constantijin?"

"Does it still hurt? I know I f**ked you too hard." He scowled. "You should not have begged me so after that one time---"

"I DID NOT BEG." It would have sounded more convincing if I wasn't undulating around his fingers, though. God, I wanted him so badly now.

He smirked.

I glared, but even though I wanted to move away, I couldn't. His touch was addictive, and this early I knew I'd never get enough of it.

"The next time we f**k, Yanna..."

"What?" I asked breathlessly.

He slowly pulled his fingers away and I could only watch in fascination as he licked them dry. "Everyone would know who you belong to and who has the only right to f**k you."

Lesson #6

When your billionaire lets the world know you are his,

It is the end of his agony and the start of yours.

"Oh, dear." George looked at my rumpled clothes knowingly the moment I got back to our office.

Trying not to appear as flustered as I felt, I demanded, "What?"

Before he could answer, a beeping sound blared out from the speakers of the P.A. system, which meant we were about to hear a company-wide announcement.

"Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. This is your CEO Constantijin Kastein. I would like to personally extend an invitation for all my employees to join me after work at the cafeteria. As a part of Kastein Incorporated, I consider each and every one of you a valuable member of my family."

I had a really, really bad feeling about this.

"It would be my honor if you permit me to introduce the woman in my life to all of you first."

There were screeches, cheers, and loud sobbing coming from other nearby offices.

George whispered, "Wow."

Arian stalked out of our office and I didn't have the heart to tell her that she'd still hear Constantijin's next words no matter where she went. The speakers for the P.A. system were everywhere.

"And to celebrate this momentous occasion, we'll have an open bar and a buffet table. I look forward to having you all join me later at five-fifteen. Thank you."

Forty minutes later and I still had no success in reaching Constantijin by phone. "Answer the phone, you ass," I muttered as I redialed his number. The same robotic tone answered me instead, telling me that Constantijin had switched his phone off.

I tried going to his office to put a stop to his madness, but he had a human barricade by the name of Glenda. "Mr. Kastein," she said stiffly even as her eyes twinkled, "is not taking any visitors right now."

"Really, Glenda? Really?"

She didn't even blink. "Really." And then she slammed the door shut.

Five-fifteen came before I was ready for it. I stared at my hands, which were shaking so badly.

With Charli out of her office and Arian still not back from wherever she was probably cursing me to perdition, I felt it was safe to tell George my greatest fears. "What am I going to do, George? I'm so nervous. I don't want people to laugh at him if they think I'm the worst girlfriend he could pick." I was hyperventilating by the time I finished.

George rushed to my side. "Breathe, Yanna, breathe."

"I-I c-cant."

"It's going to be okay. I'm sure people have no expectations at all. The women will just be sad that someone finally got to claim Mr. Kastein and the men will just be there for the free beer."

He pulled me out of my cubicle. "Now, let's go out and just enjoy this. It's going to be all right."

The moment we stepped out of our door, we were immediately swept away by the noisy crowd heading to the cafeteria. There was a long pileup near the entrance as we had to swipe our cards one at a time. As we queued up, I began to hear what the other people were saying.

"Who do you think Mr. Kastein's new girlfriend is?"

I choked.

"I bet she's super tall."

Did being tall in hobbit standards count?

"I bet she's gorgeous."

Did being voted Ms. Beautiful in kindergarten qualify?

"For sure, she's rich."

I turned around. "I'm going now---"

George laughingly spun me back to place. "Forget about them, Yanna. This is your day. Don't let what they think ruin it."

Easy for him to say, I thought waspishly. He wasn't the one the women were expecting to be a supermodel, beauty queen, and heiress all rolled into one. There were no available seats left by the time we got in. George and I had to stand at the wide sills of the windows at the end of the cafeteria just so we could get a glimpse of Constantijin, who stood at the very front, on top of the company's mobile stage. He appeared gorgeous and utterly relaxed - the ass.

"Oh my God, I wish I was able to have sex with him before he found a girlfriend."

"Who said that?" I hissed at George, who only laughed in answer.

Another one muttered, "This has to be serious - he never introduced the other ones."

Charli went up the stage, microphone in hand. "Hello, everyone!" The whole crowd instantly cheered at her words. She was stunning to look at, the perfect choice for a host of this occasion.

"You know why we're all here."

The men cheered and the women booed.

I just wanted to go. So this was what he meant I'd have it easier if I had just confessed first about us. On hindsight, I should have totally done what he said. I could have just changed my status on Facebook to In a Relationship and that would have been it - everyone else would have spread the word for me.

Now I was stuck with Constantijin's insane ability to torture me with embarrassment.

"Ladies and gentlemen, without further ado, I give you Constantijin's girlfriend."

Charli's last two words made me jump, my head immediately jerking back towards the stage. But Constantijin was nowhere to be found. Shit - where was he--- "Aaaah!"

If people had also been wondering where he was or where he was going, my scream totally gave his location away. And the presence of his girlfriend.

He glanced up at me, even though I wasn't really that far from him, with Constantijin's exceptional height. A sexy, lazy smile touched his lips as he drawled, "Now, my beautiful little girlfriend, why don't you give me a kiss so that everyone here knows how proud you are to be mine?"

I choked on my laughter as the women around us let out an audible sigh. "You really had to say that?" I whispered.

"Yes, and you really have to kiss me n---"

I covered his lips with mine, hoping to surprise him. And he was, but this was Constantijin and he recovered in a moment, his hand curling around my nape to pull me closer. It was supposed to be a chaste kiss, but then he was licking my lips, applying pressure, and I had to part my lips open so his tongue could enter my mouth.

And that was it.

I totally lost all sense of propriety. All I knew was that Constantijin was kissing me hard enough to have my senses totally reeling. Without breaking our kiss, he suddenly swung me off the window sill, his arms tightening around my waist as he slowly lowered me to the ground.

When he lifted his head, I immediately tried to catch my breath.

One arm around my waist, he had us turning together to face the now-silent crowd. I paled, seeing how all eyes were on us, but Constantijin didn't appear to mind or maybe he was used to this kind of attention.

He addressed the crowd, but his gaze was on Drake as he said succinctly, "My woman."

Lesson #7

Your billionaire will only stay in a cage with you

if it is a cage he has designed.

Constantijin Kastein as a boyfriend was more than any woman could ever want. I knew that 'boyfriend' would seem like a tame word to describe someone like him. Yet I liked it - and he seemed to like it, too. He told me he had never been any girl's boyfriend. If I had my way, I'd always be his girlfriend.

Whenever he was with me, he would occasionally show a childish side to him, the side you'd expect from a boyfriend who cared for you and not from a complex and enigmatic lover who used to be the most famous playboy in Netherlands.

I loved it.

I loved him.

Day Two

The first thing I wanted to make sure was that everyone in the office would understand nothing had to change with how they treated me. I might be the boss' lady, but I was also just Yanna Everleigh - one of the new girls in Kastein Inc.

I sort of made the right - and wrong - decision telling Charli about it, and the next thing I knew she was walking past me, my latest report folder tucked under her arm, and opened the door of her office. Then she threw the folder on the floor and started screaming.

"Are you seriously giving me this crap just because you're Constantijin's girlfriend now?"

In the act of kneeling down and picking up my report, I froze, staring at her with my jaw on the floor. Was this for real?

Charli's eyes narrowed. "And now, you don't think I'm even worth answering to?"

Report now in my hand, I stammered, "No! I mean, oh my God, no. I just---what's wrong with the report?" Did she really hate my report that much? She asked for a sexy paranormal romance that could compete against The Vampire Diaries. I gave her Love Monster, which told the story about a girl who just discovered her demon parentage (the good kind) and found out she was a living legend among other supernatural creatures. The twist: she got kidnapped by a handsome and powerful demon who was pissed by the fact that she had forgotten he was her fiance.

Did that not sound good?

"There are so many things wrong with it. The report's good but it's not the best you can do! I don't want you to be suddenly complacent just because you're with the CEO."

"I won't be," I promised her fervently.

Constantijin appeared at the doorway, a frown on his face. "Everything all right, ladies?"

"Don't interrupt!" Charli snarled.

Behind her, I quickly shook my head at Constantijin, warning him from meddling.

He stared at me for a moment before turning away without a word.

Charli stalked back to her table, saying loudly, "Thank God Constantijin at least knows better than interfering." Her narrowed gaze swung back to me, and I did my best to meet it. "You know better than to play spoiled with me, don't you, Yanna?"

"Yes, sir."

"Charli!"

"Sir Charli - I mean, Ms. Charli."

She nodded. "Good. Now close the door and get back to work." With shaky legs, I went to her door, conscious of how everyone was deliberately slowing down in front of Charli's office to hear more of how she was scolding me.

The moment I shut the door, Charli said, "Was I good?"

I whirled around in shock.

She grinned at me. "I think I was since I totally had you convinced, too."

"B-but---"

"Yes, I know, you're grateful. Now everyone really knows you're not going to get special treatment. And by the way, great report."

I was still shell-shocked when I went back to my cubicle. My phone beeped, and I knew immediately it was Constantijin.

What happened?

Charli taught me a really good lesson. Everything's cool - don't worry.

Glad to hear that. Tonight, I have a lesson for you to learn as well.

Oh, dear. That sounds very bad.

We can start now if you want.

NO.

Come here. I miss you.

No! Office hours!

My phone rang. Constantijin purred from the other end of the line. "If you are not here under one minute, I'm going there, and I'm going to kiss you in front of your lovely lady colleagues. Arian will hate you more, and she'll sabotage your reports again---"

"I'm coming, you ass!"

Day Four

"You told me you'd be home by tonight." I pouted at the iPad, deliberately bending close to the screen so he could see more of my cle**age, which was enhanced by my silky nightgown. Honestly, I was blushing all the while I did it but I wanted to punish him.

"Sweetheart, you are cruel." Constantijin's voice was strangled.

I grinned, leaning back so he could see my face and not just my barely-covered br**sts. "I know. It's your fault. I...missed you." I still had a hard time admitting my feelings to him, but this time I couldn't help it. After announcing to the entire company that I was the only woman in his life now, he had to leave for an emergency meeting in Dubai - again.

"I missed you, too. More than you f**king think."

I tried not to giggle. No one was like my Dutch billionaire, with his rude and sweet ways.

"Where are you anyway?" He was surrounded by so much darkness I couldn't quite determine where exactly he was.

"A hotel room," he answered briefly.

"Where are your friends?" Constantijin had no choice but to introduce me to the two other men that made up the world's legendary Pussketeers, not when they had more or less gatecrashed our video call last night.

"Out. Watching na**d women dance---a gift from an oil sheikh."

I choked. "Don't join them!"

"I won't on one condition."

My eyebrows shot up. "Condition? This isn't something you can---"

"Yanna, strip for me again."

"What?"

"But I miss you so, sweetheart."

I glared at the screen. "No---"

He grinned back. "And this time, I want you to touch yourself as you do."

"NO." This time I couldn't help turning red. Touch myself? Was he for real? I couldn't even say 'cock' to anyone except him and now he wanted me to touch myself?

"Why not? It turns me on to see you touch yourself."

I gasped. "I can't do that!"

"Why not? Take pity on a starving man, Yanna. I miss you very badly. I can't even focus on my work because I keep thinking about you, spread open under me, taking you with my cock---"

"Constantijin!" I wailed, quickly lowering the volume of my iPad. God, I hoped Alyx was asleep by now. She would never let me live this down.

He sighed. "Next time then. If you do not want to touch yourself then talk to me instead."

"T-talk like what?" I asked even though I had a feeling I knew where this was going. I also knew I was scared and excited by it.

Constantijin's voice had taken on a purring note, the kind that never failed to do crazy things to my body. "Yanna, you know what I want."

God, I couldn't get enough of him whenever he talked like this - like he knew he was so sexy he was impossible to resist. And he was.

My breath hitched. "I d-don't know what to say."

He whispered ever so softly, "If I say I want to know how it finally feels to feed you my cock, what would you say?"

I squeezed my thighs together, but it was too late. I was wet, so much. Swallowing, I murmured, "Then I'd say I want to know how your c**k tastes, too." I closed my eyes right after I said the words. Oh my gosh, did I, like, did I freaking, like, just say that?

"And if I were standing next to you, what would you do?"

My eyes closed, I slowly narrated what I could so easily imagine now, the pictures so vivid that more heat invaded my body even as the triangle between my legs became wetter. "I'll...push you to the bed, unbuckle your belt, take off your pants. Everything until you're completely naked."

"And then?"

"Y-you're already hard, but I want you harder. So I'll...I'll caress it between my br**sts."

"Are your ni**les hard now, Yanna?"

"Yes."

"Good. And after you give me the best f**king boob job in my life, what next?"

"I'll take you into my mouth---"

The door crashed open and I shrieked and then I shrieked again when I took in the sight of Constantijin standing in the doorway, wearing a black leather jacket, white shirt, and jeans.

"Oh my God, why are you here?" My hands crisscrossed over my body in different ways as I tried to figure out which to hide first.

"Surprise." With a dangerously sexy smile on his lips, he stepped inside my room and kicked the door shut.

Shaking my head in disbelief, I mumbled, "I can't believe you're here. Aren't you supposed to be at Dubai?"

"I took an early flight home and decided to surprise you." He shrugged out off his jacket and hung it next to my bathrobe on the door. "Happy?"

He almost sounded like he was unsure about it and I rolled my eyes. "You really have to ask?"

Constantijin's shoulders moved in an indolent shrug. "Now..." He glanced meaningfully at the bed.

I gulped.

"How do you feel about sucking my c**k now?"

My throat went dry, but I couldn't deny how my body leapt at his words. "I..." Closing my eyes for a moment, I said, "That...that sounds fine."

"Then I'm yours."

It took a few more seconds before I could force myself to move and then I was slowly leading him to my bed, which seemed impossibly small for someone his size. When he landed on his butt, I gave him a gentle shove, and he obediently lied on his back.

Conscious of his gaze on me, I did what I said over the phone, starting with unbuckling his belt then pulling it out of the straps. Throwing it to the floor, I moved on to the zip of his jeans, struggling with it because his c**k was already straining for attention underneath it.

"Need some help?" he asked huskily.

I shook my head, frowning in concentration as I finally wrestled his zip down and proceeded to pulling his jeans off. It joined his belt on the floor, followed by his socks, shoes, and everything else until he was down to his black briefs.

Oxygen level inside my body dipped low as I pulled that last piece of clothing out of the way. His c**k jerked up, as if knowing what was next.

"What next?" I whispered.

"Your br**sts," Constantijin growled.

Oh, right. I did say that. Right?

Bending down, I slowly pushed my br**sts close until his c**k was a snug fit in between. I moved up and down, and I felt Constantijin's entire body shudder at the movement. Taking confidence from that, I bent lower, squeezing my br**sts closer just as I licked the head of his cock.

Constantijin groaned. "Ah, sweetheart. That was---aaah," he finished with another groan when I took in the entire head with my mouth, tongue swirling around it like a lollipop. The taste of his c**k was salty and something else, something totally Constantijin. The pleasure I heard from his voice and felt from the shudders that constantly went through his body fed my own pleasure, giving me a dizzying sense of power.

More assured now, I released my br**sts to cup the soft sacs underneath and was rewarded by another groan.

"Hold my cock," he growled.

Grasping him with one hand, I squeezed the base of his c**k just as I tried to take more of him into my mouth.

"Yes," he gritted out. "More."

I rose up so I could take another few inches.

Constantijin's fingers sifted through my hair before gripping it with delicious roughness. "More, Yanna."

Something inside me thrilled at his demand and I did my best to take more of him, pausing once in a while when I felt my throat closing in protest, unused to taking in something as large as his cock.

When I had in all I could take, I began moving my mouth up and down, loving his c**k the way I had secretly dreamed of for so long. Constantijin groaned in rhythm with my movements and as his grip on my hair tightened, I instinctively increased my tempo, head bobbing up and down as I sucked him with all I got.

"I'm coming," he said harshly.

I knew he was asking me if I wanted to take in his cum as well, and in that moment I realized I did. I wanted him mine, all mine, and this part of him wouldn't be anyone else's.

When his body tensed, I took my cue and squeezed his balls gently before raking my nails on his crotch.

He came with a shout, his body jerking, and I gulped everything it all in, savoring all the while the pleasure on his face.

"Yanna," he breathed.

But before we could say anything else, Alyx was pounding on the door. "You two woke me up!"

Shit!

I grabbed the covers and pulled it over me just as my friend opened the door.

"Hello, Alyx," Constantijin said calmly.

"I'm guessing the lump under the covers is my friend?"

I groaned as Constantijin admitted easily, "I'm happy to say, yes."

"Constantijin!" I wailed.

Day Ten

"Are you sure you're going to be all right alone here?" Charli asked as she locked the door to her office. It was a Friday evening and Charli was visibly in a hurry to leave.

I slung my bag over my shoulders. "I'm good. I'll just wait for Constantijin at his office now that you're leaving."

When I entered his private suite of offices, Glenda was also getting ready to leave. "He's still in his meeting, but you can go ahead. If you switch on the CCTV in his monitor, you can watch him."

The revelation made me giddy and I threw my arms around her. "Thanks for letting me know that!"

"Enjoy," she said laughingly over her shoulder as she went to the door.

Racing inside Constantijin's office, I switched Constantijin's expansive touch screen monitor open. The sleek machine beeped, prompting for a password. This one I knew since Constantijin had given me a bunch of passwords to memorize yesterday, alongside my own set of undercover bodyguards. He had said it wouldn't do not to be too careful, now that a lot of people knew who I was in his life.

The screen went alive, focused on one of the numerous conference rooms of Kastein Inc. This one was all in red, white, and blue - I'm guessing he used this to impress potential business partners with how Americanized his products could be. Smart, bold, in-your-face move, that one, but that was and had always been Constantijin's style.

Constantijin stood at the head of the table, which was occupied by a dozen of executives from several film production companies. He looked extremely hot, his beautiful face proud and his voice smooth and confident as he discussed the latest offerings of Kastein Inc.

Dressed in a black and white suit, minus a tie, he looked exactly like the conquering billionaire CEO he was, and it made my heart go still for more than a moment. "Oh my God," I whispered.

Constantijin stopped speaking.

The executives were looking around the room. "Did I hear that?" one of them muttered.

"Shit," I said before I could stop myself. Did this thing have speakers?

When I glanced back at the monitor, Constantijin was staring straight at me.

"Shit."

"Apologies, gentlemen," Constantijin drawled. "My girlfriend is apparently impatient that I have not yet finished with the meeting to take her to bed."

The good-natured laughter from the executives only made me feel more like disappearing.

"Now, sweetheart, do us all a favor and switch off the speakers. I'll be with you in ten."

Constantijin was laughing when he strode into his office at exactly ten minutes later. I threw my shoe at him, but he caught it without even breaking his stride.

"Did you miss me?" He scooped me out of his chair and I automatically wrapped my legs around his waist while twirling my arms around his neck.

Leaning away from him, letting Constantijin carry my weight, I glared at him. "Do you really have to let everyone know I'm...you know...you?"

"Fucking---oww!" he yelped when I pulled on his ear, but he was still grinning.

I couldn't help grinning back even though I still thought he was an ass for saying what he said. God, he was so adorable when he was like this.

He cleared his throat, looking serious all of a sudden, and it made me frown. "What is it?"

"Will you be terribly mad if I tell you I need a half hour more to finish work? I want to be able to send the contract to Summit Entertainment tonight so I can be free for the weekend."

Constantijin actually looked tentative, and that made me love him more. I smiled at him. "No problem." Wriggling so he'd put me down, I padded barefoot towards the couch after taking my bag off his desk. "I'll wait for you, don't mind me."

"You don't mind?"

"Constantijin."

"Just thirty minutes," he promised, but I could see that his mind was already on work.

Plugging my ears, I switched my iPad on and started watching the latest episode of The Walking Dead. When the episode ended on another cliffhanger - oh my God, that prison scene totally blew me away --- I started in shock when I realized Constantijin was crouched down in front of me, his gorgeous face inscrutable but with a soft unfamiliar gleam in his silvery eyes.

Flustered at his nearness, I unplugged my ears and said lamely, "Hey." Ten days. This man had been my boyfriend for ten days and I still couldn't believe it.

"Hey." He looked up at me for a long silent moment. Then his lips curved. "Do you know you're the first woman I know who cared to wait for me here for work?"

"Did you ask them to?"

"Yes."

"Oh." Then I shrugged helplessly and said, "Why shouldn't I wait for you? I don't mind."

He kissed my nose. "And that's what I like the most about you."

After that, it just seemed natural to be the first one to lean close so I could kiss him. The kiss was sweet for a moment, but soon Constantijin took over, and it turned blazing hot, leaving me dazed and breathless when he pulled away.

"Yanna?"

"Mmm?"

"What do you feel about moving in with me?"

My arms fell away from him as I waited for Constantijin to repeat what he said. When he only looked at me, I stammered, "D-did I really just hear you ask me to move in w-with y-you?"

"I want to be with you all the time," he said levelly.

Oh my God, like, like, oh my God, oh my God. The longer Constantijin stared at me, the more a ditz I became, with my common sense melting away bit by bit.

Squinting at him, I tried looking for any signs of amusement, proof that he was joking. But there was none.

"It is...what is the word...too fast for you?" Constantijin must be rattled himself if his normally flawless English failed him and he couldn't remember those two extremely simple words.

They were apt, too, and I didn't hesitate to seize it immediately, head bobbing and relief flooding inside me as I said, "Yes, you're right. It's too fast. I mean, you probably said it impulsively, right? And now you think---"

"Yanna."

I shut up.

"It feels right with me."

"I-it does?"

Constantijin stood up, demanding, "Why do you doubt my desire to have you in my home?"

"Because you're you?" I asked weakly. It's like I had to point out how different we were all the time. Couldn't he see that for himself? He hadn't even wanted to court me, and that wasn't in any way a commitment. And now he wanted me to move in with him?

"People change," he returned coolly.

I watched him stalk away, stopping when he reached the ceiling-to-floor windows of his office. Staring at the skyline, his back to me, he asked quietly, "Don't you want to move in with me?"

"But it's too soon," I blurted out.

Silence.

Constantijin turned around. "I know it is, but I also know what I want and it is you, with me, all the time."

His voice was quiet and sincere, which I supposed I had to be grateful for. If he had tried seducing me into saying yes, he was likely to have succeeded. I was plain hopeless in his arms, his kisses and touches able to make me do things I never thought I'd do or say.

But with the small distance separating us, my mind was able to work - barely. And it was shouting all sorts of protest. Constantijin and I had only known each other for a few months, and in those days he had managed to change my life so much. He had given me my first taste of sexual desire, of heartbreak, of the most terrifying and exhilarating kind of love that I would know in my life.

And now he wanted me to take this one giant leap away from the safety and comfortable familiarity of my old life.

Constantijin said fiercely, "Tell me your objections."

"I...my...it will kill my parents if they find out I'm living together with a guy."

"Then do not tell them. Leave all your stuff at Alyx's place and you can create new memories with me."

God, he was good. If he had told me to shop for new stuff like my old belongings didn't matter, I would have baulked. But when he said it that way, oh dear Lord, I wanted it, too. I wanted new memories...any memories --- more memories with Constantijin.

"Is that all, Yanna?" There was a wry note to his voice, as if he knew I was simply grasping straws.

I started to feel panicky. That was the biggest - and admittedly lamest --- objection I could come up with but Constantijin had solved it in one shot.

Swallowing, I blurted out, "But Constantijin...what if you lose interest in me because of that?" It was my greatest fear and I wanted to cry just for saying it out loud.

"Yanna..."

I shook my head, not wanting to look at him because I was already crying. God, this was so embarrassing. All the women he dated in the past probably never cried in front of him because that would scare him away. And here I was, practically scaring him every day.

I only sensed Constantijin was near me when he was on his knee and pulling my hands away from my face. "Yanna, listen. You are the first - the only - woman I had ever courted, the only woman I had worked hard to have back in my life. You are the only woman I want enough to move in with me. How will it be possible for me to lose interest in you when I want you so much?"

"But there are so many others," I sniffed. Pathetic, I knew, but it was also pathetically true.

His smile looked a bit ironic as he spoke. "You're the only girl I've dated that I'm not really sure of. I'm worried that there'd be something I'd do wrong again and you'll leave before you let me explain. You're the only girl I constantly look for---I always miss you when you're not with me."

I cried harder at his words. "But I'll never leave you," I choked, wishing I could say more but knowing he wouldn't want to hear what else I had hidden in my heart.

"Take this risk with me, sweetheart," he whispered as he tipped my chin up. "Please?"

God, he was so good. He knew I was such a sucker when he used that word to me. How could I not fall for it when I knew he had never used that word with anyone else?

I said shakily, "All right, but...I have conditions."

"Name it," he said readily, "and it's yours."

If I moved in with him, I needed to make sure no one would have reason to think that I was sponging off him. But I also had to be practical - there were a lot of things in his life that I would never be able to afford.

Chewing on my lip, I said slowly, "We'll split expenses. I know that's unrealistic since the upkeep for your home is more than what I earn in a year---"

"You're exaggerating," he said with a roll of his eyes, but his eyes were laughing, and I knew it was because he was happy.

The knowledge that I was the cause of that happiness made me giddy, and I couldn't help giving him a crazy goofy smile as I continued, "So, I've decided...I'll take care of the groceries---" Catching the look of uneasiness that briefly crossed his face, I demanded, "What?"

"I've seen the kitchen you share with your friend. You don't even buy fresh produce. You eat canned food or if not you buy takeouts all the time. And you want to be the mistress of my kitchen?"

"But canned food is not that bad! And it's cheap!" Yes, it was my exaggeratedly cheapskate genes from my Quaker grandparents talking.

Constantijin just stared.

I cringed. "Seriously? We have to buy fresh food all the time?"

"I'm always willing to take over all the expenses---"

Scowling, I cut him off, "Fine. Okay. Fresh produce all the time." I shook my head. "God, you're so high maintenance!"

He choked.

"What?" I growled.

Constantijin shook his head, a mysterious smile playing on his lips."Nothing. I just marvel at how unique you are."

"Is that good or bad?" I asked suspiciously.

He suddenly pulled me to him, and I shrieked as we fell on the floor, me on top of him.

"Fucking good," he breathed under me, his c**k already hard and throbbing against my sex.

He tugged a lock of my hair, which was his favorite way of getting my attention. It was another childish trait of Constantijin, an unbelievably cute one that I secretly couldn't get enough of.

"What?" I said, bracing my hands on his chest as I did my best not to be distracted by his erection. It was so, umm, hard.

"You're moving in with me then?"

I giggled. "What do you think?"

"I think we need to seal the deal with sex."

"Constantijin!"

Lesson #8

Your billionaire may be an angel to others,

but do not be too sure he will be the same to you.

"Are you really sure this interior designer is not one of your billion of exes?" Three days later and I was waiting at a coffee shop near Kastein Inc., forcibly ejected out of my workplace by the CEO himself. Yesterday, he had taken me to the vacant pad next to his. He said it would be my "own" space, and I could do whatever I wanted with it. His only requirement: that I slept in his bed every night, even when I was pissed with him.

"There you go again, exaggerating."

I could hear him smiling and I did my best not to smile back because I knew he'd sense it, too. But honestly, I wasn't exaggerating. Lately, it seemed like he had bedded a woman for every dollar he had in his bank account.

Last week, I learned the receptionist at 25/F - who was best friends with the guy George was dating on and off - had been one of his innumerable one-night stands. Needless to say, she hated my guts.

The previous weekend, I was on my way back to Constantijin's private box at the theater and someone "accidentally" threw a tart on my back. No pun seemed intended but whatever. However, tickets to that play cost several thousand dollars so seriously, what was wrong with these wealthy chicks that Constantijin dated?

Unfortunately, it wasn't even the last straw. If you thought those things were, like, uncool, Alyx taught me the other night that Constantijin's European exes could be a lot worse. She had DM'd me a tweet of this super famous movie actress in Germany. When I ran it through a random web translator, this was what I got: Inexpensive she-dog nabbed the horse that I rode so well.

So, you see, I totally had reason to be wary about any unknown woman I got to meet these days.

"You will like her, this woman. She has very good taste. In fact, she was the one who decorated my pad."

A now-familiar green-eyed monster reared its head at the tone of admiration in Constantijin's words. Even though I thought his pad was beautifully decorated as well, I heard myself saying noncommittally, "We'll see. I mean, we're from different generations."

"Are you saying I'm old?" Constantijin mock growled.

"No. I'm saying your interior designer is probably someone you did date and she's old. Like, cougar-old---"

"Yanna?" a cultured voice floated up to me.

Shock had me choking because I accidentally swallowed half of my donut. Scrambling to my feet, I had this insane urge to bow, curtsy, and salute all at the same time. Even though I now knew about her difficult past, none of it changed the way I saw her.

As Alyx would be inclined to say, this woman "got balls".

Constantijin was still talking. "Let me speak with my mother, Yanna. I just want her to know that you think she is, what did you say---"

I ended the call. Nobody surely was interested in what Constantijin had to say.

Marge pulled me close for a brief, warm hug and kissed my cheek before releasing me. "You look more and more beautiful every time I see you, dear," she said as she took a seat across me.

"You, too, Mrs. Kastein." It was true. She was dressed in this lovely pale pink sheath and matching pumps. A choker of pearls around her neck was her only accessory, and it made her look like a spunkier middle-aged version of Audrey Hepburn.

There was a moment of silence between us before she spoke again. "Thank you for defending me that night, Yanna."

The words had me completely flustered. "It was nothing, Mrs. Kastein---"

"Marge, please, and of course it's not nothing, Yanna. Only a few people would have cared to defend me that way."

I grimaced. "That way meaning turning into a war freak, right?"

She laughed. "I prefer war freaks to wimps." She called for a waiter then, ordering for coffee and a slice of cake. Looking back at me, she said softly, "You know, I had wanted to call you the very next day, but Constantijin asked me to wait."

"He did?" Constantijin's action confused me yet again, but then that wasn't really new, was it?

His mother sighed. "If you haven't noticed by now, my son is not the type to take a lot of risks when it comes to his feelings. I suppose he thought he had to do more things to...win you over to his side before we unloaded more of the family baggage on you."

Thinking very carefully of what I wanted to say and what was safe to reveal, I finally murmured, "No matter what others say, I'll always think you're a wonderful woman and a great mother."

"And my son?"

Biting back a sigh because I was hoping she wouldn't ask that, I mumbled, "He's great, too."

"And..." When I didn't answer, Marge said in an even tone, "You love him, don't you?"

Oh, shit.

"Mrs. Kastein, I mean, Marge, I don't---"

"Yanna, I can see it in your face."

Oh, oh shit.

"Please don't tell him that," I heard myself whispering. It felt humiliating to do so, but I had to. Life with Constantijin was the sweetest it could be, and I just wasn't ready to have it end so soon. "He's not---"

"He's not ready to hear it, I know," she interrupted with a sad smile. "Yanna, I am a proud woman myself so believe me when I tell you that what I'm about to say does not come easy for me. But I want what is best for my son and I think you are that."

Her order came just then, and she reached for her cup with slightly trembling fingers. "I was a whore back then, Yanna. But what Constantijin can't ever bear to admit to himself was that time I was also heavily addicted to drugs. It was the reason I couldn't get a job to raise him properly. Whoring was an easy way and it would still have been my life if Erik hadn't found me. His father was---is---an angel. He could have had any woman in the world and yet he chose me. He fell in love with me."

Her fingers tightened around her cup as she took a sip, as if preparing herself for another painful revelation. My chest hurt as I waited, my heart aching for what Constantijin and his entire family had to go through.

"For a while, I couldn't make myself love Erik---I felt I was too unworthy and I did everything to make him leave me. I had sex with his friend, his driver, I went to bed with anyone close to Erik who was willing to betray him."

Inhaling deeply, Marge said with a tear-clogged voice, "But he didn't leave me. He kept on loving me until I was too tired not to love him back. I thought it would be okay then, but I didn't realize that the one who would pay for my mistakes was my son."

I couldn't stop crying when she said those words. Even if she didn't say anything else after that, I already knew, could easily imagine what followed, and her words proved my fears true.

"He was twelve when he first learned about my past. He got into so many fights after that but he never blamed me. When he was seventeen, he started going out with the daughter of one of our neighbors. She was perfect on paper - pretty, smart, witty, the right pedigree. And then he caught her ha**ng s*x with another boy - someone whom he considered his own friend."

A painful shudder racked Marge's body. "It was like the past all over again. And...and I know my son, Yanna. He was so gentle back then, so loving. And I think he would have forgiven her, he had a heart like his father. But that girl wasn't me. She didn't love my son the way I loved Erik. She hated being caught in the wrong so she lashed out. She said he should forgive her the way his father had forgiven me for f**king everyone in his life."

Marge's eyes met mine, pleading for something I was afraid to give a name to. "Yanna, I know my son is not perfect. I know you know that he doesn't seem to want to love you, but it's not that. It was never that. He's just afraid he'd be like his father if he falls in love again."

Lesson #9

Your billionaire can be an ass.

But he will be the most delightful ass.

After pushing the last box of my belongings past the door, Constantijin kicked the door shut and said triumphantly, "And that's it. You are now under my lock and key."

My heart squeezed at the joy underlining his words. My heart did that a lot lately - ever since I had that talk with Marge a week ago. But Constantijin didn't know a thing about it, and Marge didn't have to tell me to keep it a secret. Sometimes, the only way you could love someone was to pretend you didn't know who he really was.

Mustering up a teasing smile, I said, "There's something wrong with your English again."

But Constantijin only shrugged. "We must celebrate."

"I'm not ready to throw a party," I warned him, alarmed at the gleam in his eyes. And I meant financially since I hadn't been able to resist buying furniture for my new home. Constantijin had been really smart by sending his mother to me as my interior decorator. With her, I couldn't even make myself say 'no' when she insisted prettily in using her son's credit card.

"Sort of," he answered, his grin mysterious as he reached for me and took me out to the balcony. Standing next to the rails, my back against his chest, Constantijin whispered to my ear, "Do you remember what I said when I was in Dubai?"

I froze. "Constantijin..."

But he was already lifting my skirt up, and by the time I felt the wind teasing the bare skin of my thighs, I was already wet for him. And when I heard him unzipping his pants behind me, I had to clutch the edge of the railing's marbled top because my body was already shaking too badly with anticipation and desire.

"Oh, God." I let out a whimper as Constantijin pushed me forward, my br**sts flattening against the marble as I felt his burning-hot c**k knock against my entrance.

"Ready?"

I shook my head furiously.

He chuckled. "Good. It makes this all the more better." And then he was sliding in.

Even though the darkness of the night cloaked us, I still felt deliciously exposed as I stared at the world below. My new home was the topmost floor of a five-story building, high enough for people not to see us from the streets but low enough for me to hear the sounds of everyone and everything that was taking place around us.

His tongue made one painstakingly slow swirl around my ear, making me gasp as my body became even more sensitive to the smooth and deep thrusts of his cock. "If you moan for me loud enough, people might see that I'm f**king you."

Biting my ear, he asked huskily, "Do you want that?"

"No," I managed to gasp even as I thrust back wildly against him, wishing I could take more of him in.

"Are you sure of that, sweetheart?" He pulled all the way out until his c**k was barely grazing my sex.

"Constantijin!"

"But I want them to hear you."

"Jerk," I hissed at him, twisting my head to the sides so I could only glare at him.

"Moan for me."

"No." But I ruined it by trying to press my lower body closer to him, helplessly looking for a way to make him enter me again. A mewl of protest escaped me when Constantijin gripped my hips, forcing it to stop moving.

"Constantijin!"

"Only if you promise to moan as loudly as you can." I felt him move behind me, and then I could only moan as Constantijin took hold of his c**k to tease the folds of my sex.

When he applied gentle force to the small of my back, I let him push me down further until I was practically lying on the expansive top of the marbled railing, my hands gripping its outer edge.

"Will you scream for me, sweetheart?"

When he reached between my legs to thumb my clit, I could only gasp out, "Yes, damn you." And then he was pounding into me and I screamed with each hard and fast thrust.

"Yes. Yes. Oh, oh, yes!" I screamed and sobbed the words out as he f**ked me so hard I could only be thankful that the railing wasn't the type to give way easily.

"Louder," he panted back as he slammed into me in full force.

"Yes." I screamed it as loudly as I could even as I continued to stare at the world below us, fearful of someone looking up yet at the same time horribly excited by the prospect.

He slammed into me as I screamed and when one of the men walking below us actually looked up, I came, my head bending down to avoid the stranger's gaze as my body shook under the relentless thrusts of Constantijin's cock.

Constantijin came not a second after, shouting as I did. It was impossible for the stranger not to hear Constantijin's shout and the thought intensified my orgasm, turning my body into a mass of soft and weak limbs as the very last drop of my release flowed out of me.

When he swept me up in his arms I could only rest my head against his silk-clad chest gratefully. And then he murmured, "Tomorrow again?"

I made a weak effort to thump him, but he only laughingly caught my hands and pressed a kiss to my knuckles. "Jerk."

He took me to bed, tucking us both under the covers. He hugged me to him, spoon fashion, and I had never felt better.

"Yanna?"

"Mm?"

"How do you feel about anal sex?" I was at the other edge of the bed by the time he finished speaking.

Even when he started laughing, it still took me a while to realize he had been joking. Or at least half-joking. I was still too nervous and irritated to tell. I hit his head with a pillow, but it didn't stop the laughter rocking his body.

"You're horrible," I told him even as I did my best to fight off a grin, brought out by his infectious laugh.

"I don't want you to sleep yet," he said simply.

"Why not?"

He shrugged then suddenly suggested, "Let's hit the grocery. We should stock up."

I gaped at him. "Now?"

He shrugged again. "Let's go?"

And so we did. After quickly dressing up in shirt and jeans, Constantijin and I took the elevator to the parking lot since he also decided not to take a driver with us this time. It shocked me more than a little. Constantijin was far from lazy, but he was spoiled. Still I let it go, deciding that Constantijin was in this weird not-like-himself-mood for some reason.

We had to drive for half an hour before we got to a 24-hour grocery store that met Constantijin's approval. When we got there, he had me pushing the cart, saying that if I was the one doing the shopping we'd end up with more preserved food than the army.

"You'll just do the paying tonight," he said firmly.

"If you make me pay more than a hundred dollars, I'll kill you," I muttered under my breath.

In the act of taking a tray of eggs, Constantijin went still, turning to me with narrowed silver eyes. "Did you say something?"

I gave him my best ditzy smile. "I said you're the most gorgeous guy on the planet---oomph!" Constantijin had suddenly seized my chin, taking my lips in an open, wet, toe-curling kiss. I almost lost myself in that kiss and I would have if I hadn't heard someone gasp behind me.

Constantijin released me after giving my lower lip one last bite. Red-faced, I couldn't help looking over my shoulder, hoping that I wouldn't see anyone. A pair of women in flight attendant uniforms stared back at me, a mixture of envy and surprise on their faces.

I looked back at Constantijin with a glare.

He sent me a lazy smile, his attention completely focused on me even though I could hear the women behind me talking loudly, doing anything they could to get Constantijin to look at them.

"Why did you do that?" I demanded in a whisper.

"Because I felt like it." And then he gave me one of those shrugs again.

Now absolutely confused, I said, "Something's seriously wrong with you."

And the hateful man answered with another shrug.

By the time we finished grocery shopping, I could only stare in horror at our cart, which I literally had to use all my weight to push all the way to the cashier. "Won't you even help me?"

Constantijin gave me an innocent look. "But you always say you don't need my help, sweetheart. I just want to show you how much I respect your need for us to be equals."

"You---"

"If you say something bad about me, I'm going to kiss you."

Conscious of the wide-eyed stare from the cashier, I snapped my mouth shut and tried to satisfy myself by glaring at him.

It only made him laugh and despite his threat, he pulled me in his arms and kissed me anyway. The kiss was over before I could even react and by the time I got my senses back, Constantijin was calmly unloading our cart.

"That would be $245," the cashier said minutes later.

"What?"

But he only smiled and said, "Go on, pay for it."

When we got home, Constantijin told me he wanted us to watch one of the pay-per-view movies offered. He asked me to pick one and when I did, he suddenly told me he wanted to watch the sci-fi thriller, which he knew I absolutely loathed. Then afterwards, he said he wanted me to cook breakfast for him - even though he knew there was nothing else I loathed more than cooking.

Constantijin made all these insane demands throughout the night and all the way till dawn. When he told me I had better skip work for the day, I could only agree. It was the very first time I was also glad to see him go. Constantijin in a weird mood was totally exhausting.

His housekeeper, Nora, woke me up around noon, bringing the wireless phone to me and saying it was Constantijin's mother.

"I'm guessing you had a bad time settling on your first night?" Marge murmured sympathetically when I greeted her with a scratchy voice.

Before I knew it, I was telling her everything that happened.

I was kind of hoping she'd say I was right for thinking Constantijin had been such a jerk all night long but she burst into laughter instead.

"W-what's so funny?" I blurted out, confused and not a little disgruntled.

"I want to tell you a story, Yanna. When Constantijin was sixteen, he asked Erik if he could have his own car. Instead, my husband gave him a puppy - as a way of teaching him how to be mature and responsible. Now, Constantijin always had a soft spot for animals but he was too proud and so he didn't want to let Erik know he was also happy about the pup."

With another chuckle, Marge continued, "So all the time, Constantijin would pretend that he'd forget to feed the pup when all the while he had given one of the maids a strict feeding schedule for it. He'd pretend he had no time to train the pup even though he'd sneak out in the middle of the night to check on it. And then he'd go shopping for supplies and take the tags off before coming home. He'd tell us they were old secondhand stuff his friends had thrown out." She paused and there was a smile in her voice when she asked, "Do you see where I'm going?"

"Yes," I choked out because I did.

"I'm so glad, Yanna, so glad he's so happy with you."

Lesson #10

All good things with your billionaire must come to an end.

"You don't look okay, Yanna," Constantijin shouted at me two weeks later, gazing at me in concern. He was seated at the head of the table and I was seated at the opposite end, a good twenty feet separating us because I had insisted that just for once we gave his larger-than-life dining table a try.

"I'm okay." I tried to shout back - I kind of had to because it was the only way to get heard. But my voice came out weak. As another wave of pain struck my belly, I bent slightly forward in an effort to keep it from hurting more.

Constantijin was at my side the next moment. "What's wrong?" he demanded.

Cold sweat bathed my skin and it took all my will to speak. "I just have to...rest." Another wave of pain burst inside me and I almost pushed him away in my haste to leave the room.

"Where are you going?"

Ignoring his question, I went through the door that connected our suites and headed straight to the bedroom Marge and I had brainstormed to decorate but I never got to use.

Locking myself inside the bathroom, I quickly snatched one of the pads from cabinet over the sink and tore the package with shaky fingers.

Dysmenorrhea was such a bitch.

When I came out, I was surprised and unreasonably irritated to see Constantijin waiting inside my bedroom.

"I have my period," I told him shortly as I walked past him to switch the air-conditioning on. I crawled into bed and pulled the covers up, determinedly closing my eyes so he'd get the message and leave me alone.

This month's cycle felt more painful than usual, and I wondered if it was because of all the, err, things Constantijin and I did in bed.

"Is there anything I can do?"

I opened my eyes to glare at him and snap, "Nothing." It was that or cry. I hated everything about myself and I hated everything about him, too. It must be the hormones since Constantijin looked as gorgeous as he always was, even though he only had his sweat pants on and his flawlessly smooth and toned chest was completely bare.

"Just leave me alone," I said before I turned my back on him. I wanted to cry and when I heard the door close softly behind him, I did cry. God, I hated dysmenorrhea.

The pain didn't stop and I started half-beating my belly even though I knew it wasn't a healthy thing to do. But I also knew by experience that it was the quickest way to numb the pain, and so I rhythmically hit my belly with my fist, focusing on the thumping sensation until my eyelids began to droop.

"Stop that." Constantijin's voice gradually penetrated my pain-hazed condition some time later. The bed dipped as he took my hands away.

Blinking groggily, I twisted halfway around just in time to see Constantijin get into the bed with me, still in his sweatpants and nothing else. I bit back a gasp of pain when he accidentally nudged against me.

He must have seen the expression on my face anyway since he said sorry quickly, almost shamefully.

"It's...okay." Those two words practically zapped the remaining energy I had left and my eyelids fell closed again.

Soothing hands came to rest on my shoulders and began kneading. It proceeded systematically down my back then going up again.

"I read online that massages are supposed to keep it from hurting."

Tears pricked my eyes when I realized he had actually researched about what I was going through.

"Tell me where you want a massage."

Too weak and in pain to refuse anymore, I pointed to my belly and whispered, "It hurts there."

He started kneading gently.

Ah. Bliss.

Are you sure this is okay?"

"Don't stop or I'll kill you."

He laughed.

After a while, I tried to thank him drowsily. "Constantijin, I..."

"Sshh..just rest, okay?"

I couldn't help it anymore.

"I love you," I mumbled before going to sleep.

If I wasn't too weak, tired, and hurt, maybe I would have felt Constantijin stiffen all the way, his hands freezing for a millisecond. The air expelled from his mouth was strangled, as if the words had stopped him from breathing.

But pain had numbed my senses, and I didn't notice any of it. Snuggling closer, I mumbled again, "I love you."

Lesson #11

Beware of how your billionaire does everything exquisitely,

even with the way he draws blood.

If the first two weeks of living with Constantijin had been bliss, everything else that followed was the opposite. And it took me a while, but I eventually realized that the changes started, like, all the way back to the day I had said it.

The day I had told him I loved him.

I hadn't taken the words back, though. I wasn't the type to beat around the bush. I had said it. So I might as well stick with it. Besides, it wasn't, like, I asked him to marry me or something.

And of course you should know by now if I started, like, talking this way it meant I was in a bad shape - worse than I ever thought possible.

Day Twenty-Nine

George was startled when he saw me fixing my stuff at exactly five in the afternoon. "You're going home already?"

"Yup," I said brightly. "Constantijin has, like, this really important and boring meeting so he says it's better that I go home first." I didn't want George to know how hurt I was about it.

In the past, Constantijin would actually sulk whenever I chose not to wait for him. But now, he couldn't, like, wait to push me out of the door.

"Oh." George seemed like he wanted to say something.

I went back to putting the rest of my stuff into my bag, trying to do it as quickly as I could. I didn't want to give George a chance to succumb to the temptation of telling me what he felt he had to say.

George cleared his throat. "So...how will you get home?"

"The bus," I replied cheerfully while avoiding his look. My eyes felt really itchy, and I had to clench my fists for a moment to keep myself from rubbing it. But honestly, it wasn't, like, tears or anything. They were just really itchy.

I mean, I had nothing to cry about. Just because Constantijin had suddenly turned all cold on aloof didn't mean it was something to cry about!

God, my eyes itched so badly!

"You're taking the bus?" George burst out. "But doesn't Mr. Kastein has a driver---"

I cut him off in a flat tone, saying, "He offered. I refused. It's too much of a bother when the driver has to come back here afterwards."

George and I left together, and I ignored the way his glance kept darting towards Constantijin's office as we passed by its door. I totally had no plans saying goodbye.

Half an hour later and I was still waiting for the bus. I touched my eyes, and my fingers came out wet. It must be a really bad irritation because they were, like, itchy as hell.

My phone rang and I answered it by the fifth ring, knowing Constantijin would just keep on calling if I didn't answer.

"Where are you?" Constantijin snapped immediately.

"Bus station, where else?"

"You didn't even say goodbye," he accused.

I wanted to ask why. What was the point of saying goodbye when he always acted like he was the one itching to say goodbye to me? But I didn't ask it. I was too scared of where that conversation would lead so I just mumbled, "Sorry. I was in a hurry to get home."

"The driver---"

"It's fine."

There was this awkward pause before he said with audible reluctance, "I could drive you---"

God, my eyes itched so much they hurt.

Clearing my throat, I said again, "It's fine. The bus should be here any minute now." I quickly changed the subject. "Has your meeting started?"

"My...ah...in a while." He was so obviously lying. "But it will end late so don't wait up for me."

My eyes started feeling itchy again. But because I was stupid and I just plain couldn't help it, I whispered, "I love you."

"Right. Goodbye, Yanna."

The tears fell as he ended the call.

I loved him. Even after all this, I loved him. But I could also feel my love dying bit by bit as Constantijin did his best to kill it, with one hurtful word after another.

Day Thirty-One

"Do you guys even have sex still?" Of course Alyx was one who had to ask that.

"Alyx," Daria hissed from her side of the screen. Next to her, I saw Nik wince at Alyx's question.

This video call was supposed to make me feel better, after all. But I really didn't mind. These days, I was too tired to mind anything. "Yeah, we do. It's the only time he wants me next to him."

But Alyx wasn't done torturing me. "And you still sleep in the same bed?"

"Sometimes," I mumbled, blinking rapidly as I answered because my eyes were, like, really, really itchy.

Daria's tone was gentle when she asked, "Yanna, what if you tried not saying it?"

I shook my head.

"God, you're still such an iron head," Alyx burst out. It was a nickname that my dad came up with when I was sixteen and I had stubbornly stalked him in one of his golfing tournaments until he gave in and let me have surfing lessons. Since my friends had been tagging along behind me, the nickname sort of stuck.

"I know." My parents hadn't wanted me to take surfing lessons because they knew how I tended to panic when I got in too deep. And they were right. I did panic and almost drowned in my first lesson. I sort of knew that would happen but I wanted to give it a try anyway. I just wasn't the type to back down without trying, and that was exactly how things were with Constantijin and me.

Nik began, "You're placing too much pressure---"

"But it's not supposed to be that way," I blurted out before I could stop myself. "It's not, like, bad for me to love him. I won't stop saying it."

"Even if you know he doesn't want to hear it?" Daria asked with a sad smile.

Biting my lip to stop it from trembling, I said simply, "Even if he kicks me out of his life because of it."

Day Thirty-Five

Constantijin was staring at me, his silvery eyes burning as he took in the deep V of the gown I had decided to wear for tonight's fundraiser, which was also organized by his parents.

I did a little twirl, just so he could appreciate that the black silky gown didn't have any back either. I also hoped he'd notice my pretty hairstyle, which I spent a hundred dollars for. I didn't do it to compete with the other women in the party, though. I just wanted to be pretty enough so that Constantijin would remember I still...existed.

"That seems sexier than your usual," he finally murmured, his eyes still on my br**sts, which - right now - were worth staring at since just a quarter of them was left covered. Even though I felt like a total slut for wearing this gown, it felt good, too.

I shrugged in answer. "Is it?"

And that was that.

The ride to the hotel was spent in silence, completely unlike how Constantijin and I used to talk - or make love - if we had even just a minute alone inside his limousine.

Tonight was another occasion I would have to rub elbows with the rich and famous, but it wasn't why my heart was racing in fear. In the weeks that Constantijin and I had been...okay...with each other, I had learned how to effectively navigate my way around these parties. All I had to do was stand next to Constantijin, smile, and pretend I didn't notice the horrid looks and words that everyone was throwing at me behind my back. Eventually, you just didn't notice them at all because you got so used to it.

I smoothed nonexistent wrinkles on my gown, using it to keep my hands from being restless. I was nervous because this was the first time we'd be out as a couple - and not feel like it. It was also the first time we'd meet his parents again after Marge decorated the apartment Constantijin had loaned out to me.

We talked on the phone frequently, and every time we did I tried my very best to pretend I was fine - that her son and I were fine. But I wasn't confident at all I could do the same face to face.

The driver parked directly in front of the hotel's red carpet entrance, where behind the velvet ropes a throng of reporters and cameramen waited. Constantijin stepped out first and turned towards me, his hand outstretched.

I couldn't make myself take it, not when I knew he didn't really want to touch me at all outside our bedroom.

But --- pride cometh before a fall and the moment I stepped out of the limousine, I tripped on the hem of my gown. I would have fallen flat on my face if Constantijin hadn't managed to catch me. He barely managed to actually, almost missing out in catching me.

I fell on him, Constantijin bent halfway backwards, his head squashed between my br**sts.

Camera bulbs flashed, followed by shouts and catcalls.

We quickly pulled away, Constantijin coughing while I turned red in embarrassment. Then our eyes met and suddenly we were laughing.

I was so relieved at how everything felt incredibly right between us I wanted to cry.

"Ah, Yanna. Now I'm beginning to see the benefits of those br**sts."

"Shut up," I hissed, but he only laughed harder as I felt my cheeks flushing a deeper shade of red at his words.

Guiding my arm to curl around his, he slowly led us down the red carpet. "But it was fun, getting squished by your br**sts. I could see the headlines. Constantijin Kastein's Girlfriend is the Breast Squisher."

"Shut up or I'll kill you!" I couldn't help looking around to check if someone had heard him or worse someone was already quoting him in a tweet.

He stopped a few feet away from the hotel's revolving doors. "I'll promise to shut up about it---"

"But?" I finally asked in exasperation, realizing that he wasn't going to speak until I asked.

"You have to kiss me first. Here. In front of everyone." And as if that wasn't enough, he added helpfully, "With tongue please."

I already wanted to die in embarrassment just by imagining what he was asking me to do. "I can't," I wailed.

"Constantijin! Yanna!" Marge's voice reached us first and we had already a respectable distance between us by the time his mother joined us at the red carpet.

More flashes followed, and Marge gamely posed for it, pulling us close to her on each side.

"Why, you look terribly red, Yanna," Marge said when she decided the paparazzi had enough photos of us and turned to me with a smile.

"I'm...good." God, I couldn't even make myself look at her. I felt like she had just caught us making out.

"Are you sure?" She turned to Constantijin. "Darling, don't you think---oh."

My head jerked up in confusion at her tone and then I saw her staring with open-mouthed shock at Constantijin, whose beautifully fit pants suddenly appeared too tight for his body.

"Constantijin!" she reprimanded, her own cheeks reddening as the newsmen around us caught us and camera bulbs started flashing again.

"Let me take care of that monster," a woman behind me muttered.

I scowled even as Constantijin gave me a lazy grin, having obviously heard the same thing.

As Marge ushered us in, one of the reporters whistled, and I could feel the leer in his tone as he said, "Look at those pointed ni**les, man."

I covered my chest with a gasp just as Constantijin started back, his eyes blazing.

"Constantijin!" Marge uttered his name in a chilly tone.

He stopped on his tracks, but his body was still tense in rage.

I pulled him towards the doors. "Let's just go, please." I tugged his hand repeatedly until he let me drag him into the hotel.

When we emerged past the revolving doors, Marge clucked her tongue, murmuring in reproof, "You two are late."

"My fault," Constantijin owed up. "My meeting finished later than it should have."

"It's always, always business with you!" she complained with a look of commiseration directed at me. "I hope you change once you and Yanna get married---especially when you start having babies." She added wistfully, "I do want a grandchild soon."

And poof!

Everything was ruined.

Trying to salvage it, I laughingly protested, "Marriage? It's too early to speak about that!"

Constantijin gave me a smile of surprised relief.

That hurt...and made my eyes itch.

"It is too early," he agreed. "So let Yanna and I enjoy each other first, okay?"

"You're not getting any younger!" Marge warned. "You should appreciate the fact that this girl's stupid enough to care for you, you know, and marry her right away!" She cackled at her own joke.

Oh my God, what was it with tonight? Was it, like, a Kill Yanna Day and nobody took the time to tell me about it? In a mad effort to throw water on the bridges his mother was unwittingly burning, I said with mock seriousness, "I hate to break this to you, Marge, but your son is just not the guy I'm hoping to marry. He's too much an OC for me when it comes to household stuff."

But still Constantijin's face remained expressionless.

I went on doggedly. "I mean, imagine, he doesn't let me sleep until he's absolutely sure I had washed and dried all the dishes. And they have to be arranged by design, too!"

Taking my hand so we could walk side by side, she murmured, "He got that from me, I'm afraid."

Behind us, Constantijin remained quiet.

Shit. Shit. Shit.

Day Forty-One

"Wait!" A voice called out to me just as I was about to slip the ten-dollar bill into the slot for an energy bar.

I was already smiling when I turned around, and I smiled even more widely when I saw Drake actually running towards me from the end of the hallway.

"What's the hurry?" I asked.

"You and this machine don't get along," he answered readily as he took the bill from my fingers. "So to save you from potential anguish, let me do this for you."

"Bodyguard mode?" I teased him.

He shook his head. "Mr. Fix It mode."

"Drake!" I was still embarrassed every time he flirted with me, but this was possibly the only time I welcomed it, too. It made me feel good, which I hadn't been feeling for quite some time now.

He got the bill in, the light turned green, and when he turned the lever the energy bar fell into the opening without trouble.

I clapped my hands. "Impressive."

He made a little bow. "Anything for a beautiful woman."

"Drake." This time I said it warningly.

"But you are beautiful," Drake said innocently.

And then I felt it, the sensation of someone staring at us - at me. I turned around, just in time to catch the briefest glimpse of Constantijin walking away from us.

"Fuck," Drake muttered behind me.

I turned back to him with a smile. "It's okay." And that was what really hurt.

Day Forty-Three

"Oh my God, it's that bad?" Alyx shrieked when she came to my place for a visit while Constantijin was out for another emergency. Lately, he had been having a lot of emergencies, so much so Kastein Inc. better be near bankruptcy or it would be, like, so obvious he was using any excuse to avoid spending time with me.

I closed the door behind her. "What do you mean?"

Eyes hard, she answered bluntly, "You look terrible."

I supposed it was true. I had lost all urge to fix myself up, not when how I looked didn't seem to matter one way or another to Constantijin. In contrast, Alyx looked stunning, her boyishly cut hair making her look sexier in her micro-mini dress.

"Yanna, tell me what's wrong."

And just like that, I burst into tears. I fell on my knees in the ground, sobbing my heart out. "Everything's wrong," I confessed to her. "We haven't made love for weeks, haven't been in the same room even."

I tried to hold back on the tears, but they just kept falling. My voice breaking, I asked, "Alyx, should I, like, leave now?"

"Yes, you should."

I stopped crying long enough to glare at her. "You're supposed to say no, hang on, Yanna!"

"Why the f**k should I do that when he's hurting you?"

"Because," I said, crying harder, "it's what I want to hear."

"No."

I wailed more loudly.

Alyx exhaled. "Okay, okay, you should not leave him. You should totally hang on to him."

The words made me feel marginally better, even though she said them under duress. Trying to sniff back my tears, I said, "Help me fix this, Alyx. Please." It took a lot for me to say that last word. I guess in that way I was like Constantijin, too.

Alyx looked like she wanted to throttle me. But in the end friendship won over common sense and she said reluctantly, "I get it, Yanna. You've always been like this. You hate giving up."

I nodded.

She shook her head. "But this time it has to be different. You see that, don't you? I know you never want other people to say that you quit and that's why you like to hang on, but sometimes, you just have to cut your losses, you know? There's nothing shameful about it."

The truth in her words burned a hole in my heart, and I had a hard time breathing through the pain of it. Finally, I whispered, "One more chance---just one more chance for him and then if we're not, you know, then it's over."

Even now, I couldn't spell it out clearly.

"It's the right thing to do," Alex said.

I knew that, but it still wasn't what I wanted to hear.

Lesson #12

Your billionaire will not know when to stop until it is too late.

The day Constantijin and I broke up came as a surprise. Will you believe it? I mean, I should have, like, totally expected it. But I hadn't, and I paid the price for it.

It was three in the afternoon, and the entire floor of Kastein Inc. was completely quiet. It was usual these days, as if everyone was affected by the tension between Constantijin and me.

These days, I did my best to drown my heartache in work, and I was doing so well even Charli ran out of snowflakes to pass on to me.

"Go and take a break, Yanna," Charli growled. But because she had this really cool French accent, it ended up sounding something really sophisticated, like she had just told me her favorite flower was Casablanca lily. You know what I mean.

I planted myself next to the door adjoining our offices. "No. It just occurred to me that we're not taking advantage of the tween market here in the U.S. and I found the perfect manga---"

"If you do not leave your office in five seconds and have your lunch, I will assign you to take on a classic literature project with Arian."

"I'm going." God, Charli was so devious. She just knew what my worst fears were. If that ever happened, I knew Arian would take every chance she could get to make it clear to me that her Ivy League diploma made her the better judge about literature.

"Yadda, yadda, yadda," I muttered to myself as I stepped out of the office.

And then I heard it.

Across the hall, near the doors leading to Constantijin's offices, I heard his voice - and hers. Arian's.

They were just talking about...work. They had to be talking about work. What else could they even talk about? By the time I finished rationalizing the situation, I was standing before the corner of the hallway, and one step was all it would take for them to see me.

Arian was giggling. "Mr. Kastein, you shouldn't say such things!"

"Constantijin, please. You make me sound too old for you when you call me like that."

Arian's tone became husky. "Then Constantijin, you can't say I'm beautiful. It's not right when you have a girlfriend."

"Why is it wrong when I'm only stating a fact?"

My heart lurched. It was like deja vu, a nightmarish version of the exchange I had with Drake a few days ago.

Constantijin wasn't saying anything wrong. In fact, he wasn't even saying anything I hadn't heard before. Constantijin was the type who dished out compliments all the time. He told his sixty-something housekeeper she was beautiful all the time. He complimented the shy receptionist at the lobby all the time, telling her she had great taste in clothes, that her hair was pretty.

He was that kind of man, and none of it used to matter.

Until now.

This time, his words sounded different, and my chest slowly started to ache.

"How are you and Yanna?"

Damn her, goddamn her for asking!

There was a moment for silence before Constantijin replied, a bit flatly, "We are okay."

Ha! Take that, Arian!

Granted, it wasn't the best thing to say about a relationship, but "okay" was still better than "not okay".

Constantijin continued, "We enjoy each other's company, that's all."

"You mean you love each other," Arian teased.

Damn her. Goddamn her. I so knew what she was after and it was my blood - my blood, which was, like, already flooding the entire floor in an invisible stream of heartbreak.

I hurt so much I thought my heart couldn't bleed any more, but Constantijin proved me wrong with just one word. "No." And as if that didn't hurt enough, he said lightly, "Yanna's known since day one it was never about that."

I covered my mouth before they could hear me gasp.

Constantijin's voice took in a warm, seductive tone. "But who knows? Maybe someone like you could change my mind."

Arian didn't get to answer that anymore because by then, I had gone around the corner. "What the f**k did you say?"

Lesson #13

Your billionaire will be very good at making you cry, in more ways than one.

Arian was shocked. Then her eyes gleamed with smug malice, even though she did her best to hide it by letting out a fake moan of horror. Honestly, I couldn't, like, care less about her.

What really, really hurt was the lack of surprise on Constantijin's face, as if he had wanted this all along.

When neither of them answered, I shrieked again, "What the f**k did you just say to her, Constantijin?"

His name seemed to be the magic word everyone was waiting for. Doors started opening at the same time, heads bobbing in and out as they tried not to so obviously watch the show.

Arian shook her head in shame sympathy. "Oh, Yanna, you weren't supposed to--"

Irritated by the mere sound of her voice, I took a deep breath, glanced at Arian, and gave her the finger. I heard choked laughter behind me. Arian started for me, but suddenly Drake was there, gripping her by the shoulders. He whispered something into her ear, and Arian whitened before stalking off.

A chilly mask had slipped over Constantijin's face. "That was uncalled for, Yanna."

In the act of giving Drake a grateful smile, I whirled back to Constantijin when I realized what he had just said. "Did you just, like, side with her?" Even though my voice was starting to hurt my own ears, I couldn't stop shrieking. I just couldn't.

"This is not the place." The look of contempt that accompanied his words hurt.

I knew he was right. Of course I, like, f**king knew that. But let him tell that to my heart - my super bleeding-to-death-heart and, damn them, I wasn't even exaggerating.

It was a struggle not to cry as I spoke but I managed to keep the tears from falling. "Why did you even have to say t-those words?"

Constantijin thankfully didn't try to pretend he had no idea what I was talking about. "It was a f**king joke. And yes, I admit it was a stupid one, but it was a joke."

"Jokes are half-meant," I cried out.

Constantijin spat something out in Dutch before saying tiredly, "For pity's sake, don't start on me with that."

And that was what did it, that final kick Alyx told me I was in the habit of waiting for before I could make myself...give up.

He sounded tired.

He made it sound I was, like, this f**king burden to him and I hadn't even known it. How sad was that? How humiliating? All this time, I had been wrong. I thought he didn't want me to love him because it made him aware of how much he loved me back, of how much like his dad he could be if he let himself love me.

But it wasn't like that.

He hadn't said he loved me because he was exactly like his dad. He was too nice to kick me out, yet I had been too stupid to notice. I kept pushing him until - he felt trapped. By me.

"I'm sorry," I said dully.

I walked past Constantijin, and I almost stumbled at the pain as I did.

Drake called my name as I reached the doors. "Yanna---"

Humiliation, complete and excruciating, flayed my entire being when I realized that he probably heard and seen everything. Stupid Yanna, of course he would have. "Please, Drake," I whispered. "Don't tell my parents about this."

"I won't."

When he started to speak, I shook my head, knowing that he wanted to be my Mr. Fix It again. But it just wasn't the right time. "I just need to be alone."

I walked out of the office, the building, the first step to walking out of the f**king mess I had created because I didn't know when to cut my losses. I started to cry when I reached the bus station, and I cried harder when I got on the bus and realized I had absolutely no money with me. Turning to the guy waiting in line at my back, I sobbed out, "C-could I b-borrow some money? I p-promise to p-pay you---"

He hastily gave me a twenty. "No need to pay me."

He looked scared of me. Maybe he thought I was crazy, and it made me cry harder for some reason. "T-thanks," I sniffed as I shakily handed the bus driver my fare.

When I got home I wanted to burst into tears again.

I didn't even have keys to Constantijin's pad either!

Walking back to reception, I sobbed out to the old man behind the counter, "C-could I, like, borrow your spare key to our unit?" God, I was so miserable I was talking like a ditz to everyone!

Like the guy at the bus, the concierge was just as quick in giving me his spare set of keys. I guess men were really that allergic to a woman's tears. Somehow, this thought also made me cry more and I sobbed all the way up to the elevator.

It felt good to cry. It really did, and I let it all out when I reached the room Constantijin shared with me. It didn't feel right at all to call it ours now. After throwing all the clothes my suitcase could handle, I struggled to zip it closed. The door crashed open just as I dragged it off the bed.

Constantijin appeared unkempt, which was a rare sight. In fact, it was the very first time I saw him like this, like he had run straight into a hurricane to get here. For a moment, I could only stare at him in shock.

Constantijin Kastein was like Martha Stewart - the six-foot-plus gorgeous male version, that is. You just never caught him looking less than perfect. Until now.

"What are you doing?" he asked hoarsely.

Wasn't it obvious? I wanted to say the words, but I just didn't have that much energy. What little I had left needed to be expended on getting the handle of my luggage extended out.

He crossed the room, reaching out to me with one hand. "Yanna---"

And that was when I lost it.

I slapped him.

Constantijin and I stared at each other, and I didn't know who was more shocked between us.

"Oh God, I'm sorry," I whispered, staring at my hands, aghast at what I just did. I slapped him a lot of times before this, but those were...accidental. This one wasn't. It wasn't like me to deliberately slap someone. Flipping someone the finger had been the rudest thing I had done in my life and yet here I was, slapping someone...and actually feeling good about it. This just wasn't me - and it made me remember of the many times I kept thinking how I was never like myself when I was with him.

But not anymore, I thought to myself. Not when it was over between us. The thought almost sent me to my knees.

"I'm sorry," I said again even as I refocused on yanking the luggage handle out.

"I deserve it." Constantijin's voice was strained.

I pretended not to hear that. He shouldn't be saying that, not after everything.

He reached out for me again. This time I only tried to struggle, but this time he also didn't let go, forcing me to turn around and look into his bleak silver eyes.

"Just stop---just stop saying I love you," he told me in a raw voice. "We'd go back to how we were in the past, just stop saying it! I don't even get why you have to say it. If you love me, fine. But you don't need to say it. I never asked you to."

My entire body jerked at his words.

Constantijin looked like he wanted to take the words back. "Dammit, I shouldn't have said it like that---"

"No, you said it honestly," I managed to counter dully. I just wanted him to go away right now. I wanted everything to go away and just sleep. "You're right. You never asked me to say the words but I said it all the same." I swallowed. "But Constantijin, if you didn't like hearing it, why just not tell me directly? Why did you have to try hurting me and driving me away?"

Because maybe---maybe if he had explained then I wouldn't have been so stubborn.

But now it was too late.

Constantijin didn't answer. Instead, all he said was, "Let's just think things clearly---"

"No."

Constantijin's face whitened. "Yanna---" His voice shook. "Don't do this."

"I'm leaving." I said it more for myself.

Just one more time. Hadn't I promised that to Alex?

I gave him another chance, but he had hurt me again. So I had to keep my promise.

"We're finished---"

"No!" His voice was so fierce that it made me glance at him in stunned confusion. "You don't have to leave." Constantijin made a visible effort to lower his voice, even though agitation was clearly written all over his face.

I shook my head, even more painfully bewildered. What was this? Didn't he want me to leave all along?

"You shouldn't leave. We'll talk things through. You just don't say 'I love you' and things will---"

I stared at him helplessly. "I can't. I don't like feeling ashamed just because I love y---someone."

He flinched.

Furiously blinking the tears away, I tried to give my suitcase's handle another yank and this time my fingers finally had enough energy to pull it all the way out.

"You can't leave," he gritted out.

I ignored that and walked past him while wheeling my suitcase next to me.

Constantijin gripped my arm. "If you leave this building, I'll release your f**king na**d video on the Internet."

I let go of the handle in shock. "What are you saying?"

He answered grimly, "I mean it, Yanna. You know I still have that video. Imagine what it would do to your parents if they learn about it. If they see it."

"You can't be serious!" I tried searching for an ounce of softness in his face but all I got was a mirthless smile slashing his lips.

"Wanna bet?"

"Why?" I demanded with a sob. "Why would you even do that? Can't you see I can't bear to be with you again?"

Constantijin flinched at my words, but he said flatly, "I want you to stay here and reconsider."

"But I won't change my mind, Constantijin." Little Miss Granite, I was tempted to tell him. It was the granite-hard head in me. Once I did give up something, I just gave it up for good.

Constantijin's face had turned even whiter with my words. "Just f**king stay."

"It will kill me---"

"Don't be melodramatic---"

"I'm not," I whispered. "I can't be this close to you all the time. I just can't."

His head whipped to the side as if he was unable to bear looking at me any longer, and that hurt. Still without looking at me, Constantijin said curtly, "Then stay at your apartment. Just don't f**king leave the building."

I left without a word and he didn't follow me.

When I entered my pad, I closed the door shut and almost collapsed against it afterwards, trying to catch my breath because I suddenly felt my lungs were on fire. I gasped for air, gasped for just a moment of relief from the suffocating pain of heartbreak.

My knees gave out and I slowly fell to the floor, my entire body trembling. I waited for the tears to come again, but they didn't. They never did the entire night. I guess I was all cried out.

Lesson #14

No matter how perfect your billionaire is,

you must remember in the end he is also only just a man.

"Mind if I sit with you?"

I looked up, trying to make my smile brighter as I did.

But Drake wasn't smiling, which caused mine to fade. His eyes shone with unspoken concern as he took the seat across me in a fluid, graceful motion. Did he snipe to kill with similar grace? It was a random thought, but my mind somehow managed to connect it to the one man I was still doing my best to forget.

Constantijin Kastein wasn't like that. He killed the women who loved him without an ounce of grace. Instead, it ended a holy mess, where there were bad feelings all around.

"Yanna?"

Shit. I had been thinking about him again. When was this going to stop? It had been a month. A whole month since we had broken up so why did it still hurt?

"Sorry," I managed to say to Drake. "I'm just still...in the process of becoming okay."

There was no point lying, not when everyone in the office knew the truth. After all, I hadn't been dating just anyone. I had been dating the CEO himself, the Dutch playboy billionaire half the world's female population was in love with as well. Of course everyone would think my life was their business, too.

He took my hand, surprising me, and I was even more surprised when he gently caressed my knuckles. "It will stop hurting, one day, Yanna. No wound lasts forever."

"Speaking from experience?" I asked lightly.

"The physical kind at least. Some wounds may not disappear but they do get numb."

I covered my mouth to keep anyone from hearing me trying not to sob. I hadn't cried when George, Charli, or even Alyx or Daria tried comforting me. But somehow, Drake was different. I didn't know why. He just was.

As if sensing my need for a change of subject, Drake asked, "Is Charli turning it into a slavedriver again to help you cope?"

The question made me giggle somewhat. "Yeah. She even broke her record this time - I had twenty-three Post-Its on my monitor today." It made me wonder if I should thank her or not.

He smiled, and then he gave me another surprise when he murmured, "It's nice to see you smile again."

Biting my lip, I changed the subject again since my eyes had started to itch. "I've been meaning to ask you. Whatever was it that you told Arian to make her leave that day?"

Drake appeared embarrassed, which intrigued me even more.

"Is it that bad?"

He shrugged, discomfort written all over his face.

"Can't you give me a clue?" I teased.

Drake cleared his throat. "Let's just say someone overheard her offering me something I didn't want." He paused. "And she wouldn't want everyone to know about it."

My lips parted in shock. Did he mean...? Glancing at Drake's unreadable face, I gulped. Oh, he really did mean it like that. And he had refused. The thought was bittersweet and I said without thinking, "I wish Constantijin was like you, too."

Drake said in a low whisper, "Why want someone who could be like me when I can be yours?"

"Drake." I didn't know if I should laugh or cry at the familiar gleam in his eyes, now burning more intensely.

We heard a crashing sound and both of us turned just to see Constantijin swiftly leaving the cafeteria.

The woman he had bumped into stammered out her apology, her gaze darting between Constantijin's retreating back and the shattered pieces of glass on the floor.

My chest felt funny, but I ignored it.

Too late.

Just too late.

The words were my anchor. I clung to them every time I even considered thinking of Constantijin, using the words to drive even the smallest thoughts of him away. When my doorbell rang that night, I went to open it with a sigh, knowing it was probably one of the three - George, Alyx, or even Daria, who was finally back from her honeymoon - checking up on me to be sure I hadn't committed suicide out of sheer heartbreak.

"Alyx, how many times---"

It was Constantijin, looking too sexy and gorgeous for my own good in a shirt and jeans. And then he took out a bouquet of flowers from behind his back.

I blinked. The flowers were...close to wilting.

Seeing the question in my eyes, Constantijin's lips briefly curved into a smile. "I picked them from the garden at the back. I didn't want to risk you giving them back."

I took it with shaky hands, clearing my throat as I said lamely, "Thanks."

Constantijin exhaled. "May I come in?"

I nodded without a word, stepping to the side so he could walk past me. Technically, this apartment was still his, and it didn't feel right not to let him into his own property.

I spent more time than necessary to close the door and even took the trouble of quadruple-locking it. I needed the time to make sure that I didn't break down, which I was tempted to do at the sight - the familiar scent - of him.

When I turned around, he was standing next to the windows, his back to me.

Another painful squeeze of the chest. I knew him so well now that this pose was familiar to me. Constantijin always used the scenery to hide his thoughts and feelings.

He asked, "You thought I was Alyx?"

"Yeah. She drops by often." To comfort me. But of course, I didn't tell him that. What would be the point?

When I sat on one of the cushions, Constantijin walked back to the living area and sat across me.

I would have offered him drinks...if I had them. But grocery shopping was his forte, not mine. The reminder made my heart ache in bittersweet fashion.

"Yanna," he suddenly said unevenly, "could you please come back?"

The words made me want to cry.

I touched my face.

Apparently, I already was.

"I heard you knew about what happened to my mom. And what happened to me." His mouth twisted as if the memories alone already tasted bad.

"Constantijin---" He lifted his hand, and I fell silent.

"Let me finish. I'm sure you two think I'm f**ked up because I don't want to be like my father. And the funny thing was, I thought the same. Then you came and I was happy --- too happy. When you told me you love me, it sounded right. Too right and I panicked."

I could only shake my head back at him. "You p-panicked?"

Self-loathing crossed over his face. "Stupid, isn't it? But it's true. I panicked. And in the end, I wasn't like my father at all. I ended up...I ended up being like my mom." Constantijin swallowed, and when he spoke there was torment in his voice that I couldn't ignore. "I pushed you away. The more you said you loved me, the happier and scared I was, and the more I pushed you away."

I started to cry, covering my face with my hands but I couldn't bear looking at him anymore as he continued in a ragged voice, "I...subconsciously thought it was safer to push you away before I let you love me. And then you were the one to leave me first."

I cried harder at the words because I already knew where this was leading to, and it hurt. It goddamn hurt so much because it was too late.

"People see me as the billionaire---the playboy who could have any woman in the world but I knew you were different. You saw through the f**king facade and when I thought of that, it made me a coward. Because if you take away the money, what was left? I know that f**king boy was more man that I am." His voice broke as if it took everything in him to admit that. "Yanna, I know if you gave him the chance he wouldn't hesitate to tell you he was in love with you. Like I did. Like how much---"

"No," I whispered through my tears.

He ignored that. Of course he did because he was Constantijin Kastein, and he didn't take 'no' for an answer. He pulled my hands away, and his voice felt too close as he said with painful intensity, "I love you. I'm in love with you. I'm so f**king sorry it took me so long to realize it but---"

"Don't," I choked out, finally looking at him. The brightness of his silvery gaze hurt, nearly blinding me, because it was promising and hoping for things that could have been mine, that could have been his - ours - but now it was impossible.

I swallowed several times, trying to get past the tears, as I said, "It's too late."

Constantijin froze.

Then he started talking, fast, desperately, his beautiful face taking on a determined look. "No. It's not too late. I love you - that's all that should matter. It should fix things---"

"No it doesn't," I told him painfully. "Because I loved you and it didn't fix things, did it?"

Constantijin was pale. "Loved me?" he echoed hoarsely. "Wh-what do you mean?" It was the first time I heard him speaking with anything less than absolute confidence, and that hurt. God, why did this all hurt so bad?

"You don't love me anymore?"

I could only stare at him, unable to say anything. A violent storm of emotions darkened his eyes, making me catch my breath. "Con---"

"You like him now? Is that it? He became your f**king Mr. Fix It for good?"

A gasp was torn out of me when I realized he knew about that, too.

"No," I sobbed the word out because the look of betrayal on Constantijin's hard and beautiful face was too much.

"Then what? Tell me," he said almost furiously. "Yanna, please. I'm begging you." His voice lowered into a choked whisper. "Show me how to fix things. I can be...I can be like him, too."

"Constantijin, no---" I couldn't bear him to speaking as if he was nothing good. Because now, he was making me realize he wasn't all that bad.

"Yanna, please."

My hands went to my mouth.

"Make me your Mr. Fix It."

Oh, God.

Crying so hard I couldn't see past the tears, I fumbled for his hands, squeezing them hard. "Don't get me wrong, Constantijin. There is no one - no other man in my life. And don't talk about yourself like you're nobody." The teasing smile I gave him wobbled on my lips as I said, "You're Netherlands' #1 playboy. One of the Three Pussketeers. Remember?"

Constantijin answered raggedly, "Then...choose me."

"I can't." I struggled past the pain as I tried to make him understand. "What you did...I know you didn't..." God, I wasn't making sense at all.

"Yanna---"

I said in a rush, "Constantijin, you hurt me too much, and now I don't know if I can ever risk going back and letting you hurt me again."

"But I won't," he argued brokenly. "I promise you, Yanna. I love you and it's for real. It won't change."

I slowly pulled my hands away. "I just need time, okay?" My shoulders lifted, expressing something I couldn't put into words. "Time and space, okay? But I'm not asking you to wait."

The words sounded strange even to my ears. It made me imagine all those women - those millions of women who were so much more beautiful than I was, more forgiving than I was---all of them would have been more than happy to crawl into his bed to replace me.

More tears fell. I was so tired of crying, so tired of this---this long, dragged-out goodbye but I just couldn't stop. I said in a small voice, "I'll understand if you think I'm so full of myself, thinking that someone like you would wait for someone like me---"

"Oh God, no," Constantijin groaned and then he was hauling me into his arms. And I let him take me onto his lap, let him wrap his arms around me so tightly they were like chains again---I let him do all those because, heaven help me, I missed this - I missed him - too much.

"Did I hurt you so much you started doubting your worth?"

Hearing him speak the truth - realizing that he still understood me too well - made me feel ashamed. I started to struggle, but all I managed to do was do what he wanted. He tipped my chin up, forcing me to look at him.

"I love you," he repeated harshly. "I was goddamn lucky to have you and I just wish I knew that before it was too late."

Then he slowly let me go, lowering me to the couch as he twisted around to kneel in front of me.

I wiped the tears away and managed a smile. "Thanks for telling me that," I said quietly.

He smiled back, bitterly. "It's the least I could do, don't you think?"

"I think...I think you'd be wonderful for s-someone else---"

"No!" Constantijin's voice shook. "I'll wait. No matter how long it takes. I'll make you believe that I love you and deserve you."

"You don't have to---"

"If there's even the smallest drop of love for me inside you, if you at least do not want me to f**king die...let me think I have a f**king reason to wait."

Constantijin gazed at me, his eyes asking a question that even he couldn't make himself ask.

And I could only gaze back at him, unable to give him an answer.

Constantijin laughed, and it wasn't a joyful sound. "I guess I better go then," he said almost clumsily. A smile that didn't reach his eyes twisted his lips as he came to his feet.

As I walked him to the door, Constantijin suddenly spun around, saying hoarsely, "Just please don't tell me it's too late, Yanna. Give me a chance, okay?"

I didn't want to lie to him. "Good night," I said softly before closing the door.

Lesson #15

Your billionaire is not the only one who makes mistakes.

It was funny really, if I thought about how much I changed. Just a few months ago, if Constantijin had ever told me that he wanted me back, I would have forgiven him for anything. I would have been happy he had said those words, be f**king grateful for it even.

But now, Constantijin had said more than those words and it was no longer enough. Because now I was painfully sure of how much I loved him, of how much loving someone could hurt. And I just didn't know any more how much I was willing to risk again for another shot at love.

December was upon us when my heart started mending, bit by bit. Life at the office was slowly getting back to normal, mostly because Constantijin was no longer a volcano that could explode any second. Nowadays, he was just...gone.

In the rare instances I saw Constantijin I couldn't bear looking at him. There was just too much in his eyes for me to see. He was my Dutch playboy billionaire, and I loved him still. But it just didn't feel enough now.

George's arms stretched over his head after a particularly long day at work. It was only three in the afternoon, and yet it felt like we had been working for an eternity. With the year coming to an end, it was crunch time for Kastein Inc., and we had tons of contracts we needed to have signed, sealed, and delivered before everyone left for Christmas break.

"I need coffee," George said. "Want one?"

I saved my file and got to my feet as well. "I want caffeine, too, but not the one from the vendo. We'll give ourselves a treat this time and go for real coffee."

"You just don't want Mr. Fix It to rescue you again," George teased as we stepped out of the office.

"Oh, but I'm always up to rescuing you," a voice drawled from behind.

George and I froze. He lifted his shoulders in a helpless shrug as I glared daggers at him. Taking a deep breath, I turned around and smiled brightly at Drake. He still looked boyishly handsome, eyes twinkling in a familiar way. He had also been promoted this month, which technically made him my superior - in a distant way. "Good afternoon, Mr. Morrison."

Drake rolled his eyes. "If you call me that one more time, you'll regret it."

I let out a fake gasp. "Are you actually threatening me? You, the guy who's supposed to take care of me?"

But Drake only smiled as he fell into step beside me. "It's still under caring for you - just in a different way than usual."

Did he just...did Drake just promised something, umm, inappropriate?

When I saw his innocent smile, I wailed, "Drake!" even as George laughed.

Heads turned as we walked past people. Most of them were women, and I had no doubt they were probably gleefully thinking of ways to kill me for being lucky enough to be with two of the company's most handsome employees. The cafeteria was unusually full that afternoon, leaving us to crowd in one of those tiny booths at the end. I ended up squeezed between George and Drake.

When George left to buy coffee for the three of us, I had the urge to scoot away and place a few more inches between Drake and me - especially when he leaned close to me and said, "You look very beautiful today, Yanna."

God! The way he was looking at me made me feel naked, like he could see through my lacy black dress. It had a high round neckline, long sleeves all the way to the wrists, and the skirt fell below the knees. Unfortunately, it was also skin-tight. Could that be the reason why Drake was acting more, err, aggressive than usual?

Clearing my throat, I said weakly, "You look good today, too."

He laughed.

I glanced at him in confusion and caught on right away with the amusement in his eyes.

"Coffee's here," George trilled as he bent forward to place the tray on the table the same time I gasped in mock anger, hitting Drake's arms. My elbow connected with one of the cups of steaming hot coffee.

The next thing I knew, Drake was hissing in pain as the burning hot liquid poured down on him, leaving a brown stain on his white polo.

"Oh my God, I'm so sorry!" Embarrassed, I quickly took a couple of napkins to prevent the stain from spreading further.

"Clumsy Yanna," George began to sing over and over.

I glared at him before returning to task. "I didn't mean it."

Drake gently pried my hand away. "It's okay," he said, smiling.

I started to smile back when I became aware of someone staring at me from a distance. It was Constantijin, and my heart squeezed painfully at the sight of him. Suddenly, I couldn't pull my eyes away from him.

He looked even more beautiful than I let myself remember, dressed casually in a black polo and khakis, like he had come here from...a business meeting at the beach? I tried not to think about who could have been with him earlier because I had no right to wonder about those. It was the same reason why he shouldn't be looking at me with bleak silver eyes.

It was over between us.

When his gaze drifted towards Drake, I held my breath. And then Constantijin slowly made his tense posture relax, managing a wry smile as he gazed at me.

We turned away the same time. George and Drake looked at me in understanding silence.

With an awkward shrug, I muttered, "It's just...one of those things." I wanted to sound breezy but failed.

George squeezed my hand. "It's going to be all right, Yanna."

I could only answer with a smile because these days I just didn't know. Keeping my heart safe didn't feel right or wrong. It just felt nothing.

When George and I walked back to our office, having parted ways with Drake, he suddenly pulled me back by the arm.

In the act of twisting the knob, I let my hand fall away as I gazed at him questioningly.

"Yanna, it's been more than a month."

"Yeah. I know."

"He's told you he loves you."

"Yeah, I know."

"So doesn't that tell you something...about you?"

I started rubbing the sides of my temple because my head suddenly hurt. "George, I have no idea what you're talking about."

Pulling on the collar of his checkered polo, a sure sign that he was about to say something he didn't want to say and I didn't want to hear, George muttered, "You still haven't left his apartment."

"But why would I when---oh."

The threat that was supposedly hanging over my head didn't exist - had long stopped to exist. It stopped being a threat the moment Constantijin said he loved me. And I...I made myself forget that because I was a coward, too.

George squeezed my hand. "It's time to make a choice, Yanna. You can't keep punishing him forever."

I blinked the tears away, not wanting to break down again at work Oh God, I was so stupid. I had pushed Constantijin away, but I couldn't bear to let him go, and both of us were suffering because of it.

"I...please tell Charli I had to go." And then I was running out of the office.

When I got home, I took out my suitcase, throwing them open on the floor. Then I started dumping my clothes into them, and every dress that fell into the suitcase made me cry harder because I felt so stupid.

It was a struggle to pull the heavy suitcases through the doorway. They weighed, like, a ton, probably because I also had my manga collection in them. Grunting at the effort I was exerting, I pulled the door open and with one last mighty shove, I finally managed to push them out.

I breathed a sigh of relief.

"Yanna?"

"Holy shit!" I think I jumped several feet off the ground when I heard Constantijin's voice. It took more than a moment to get my breathing back in control and make myself turn around to face him.

He stood by the doors that led to the fire exit, panting a little, but there was a small, beautiful smile playing on his lips. And I found out why he was smiling when he said wryly, "Holy shit, huh?"

My eyes started getting itchy again. He remembered that, too?

Then his gaze fell to the suitcases behind me and he sucked his breath, looking like somebody had stuck a knife in his chest.

There were so many things I wanted to say to him, but coward that I now was, I mumbled, "W-what are you doing here?"

"George," was all he said, his gaze still on the suitcases.

Just seeing him look so hurt made me feel hurt, my chest constricting so badly I just knew. Oh dear God, I loved this man so, so much. I started to speak, to explain what I just realized and what I knew I wanted to do, but he beat me to it.

"Yanna?" His voice broke at the end.

My tear ducts broke with it. I tried to smile but couldn't. "Yeah?" And then I was gasping because Constantijin was suddenly standing next to me, holding my shoulders as he forced me to walk back. When my back hit the wall, his fists hit the surface with it, making me jump.

"Constantijin!"

"Yanna, what else can I f**king do to make you believe me?" The anger burning a light in his eyes slowly died as I gazed up at him, crying silently, trying to find the right words to put an end to all this.

"Is this really it?"

As I visibly struggled to speak, he cursed, making me flinch.

"God, Yanna, do I make you that sad? Can you never forgive me?"

I tried to make him understand, but all I could choke out was "No."

He paled, and it was his turn to struggle to speak. "I...I understand. I have no one to blame but myself but please...please." His voice turned hoarse. "Please don't leave."

I could fear his fingers moving, his hands unclenching and clenching at each side of my face. Yet they never touched me, as if he couldn't make himself to. "I don't think I can bear it if you leave, Yanna."

Oh, God.

"Constantijin, it's not---"

"Just don't leave." And then he was on his knees.

"Oh my God. Get up, please." I tried pulling him up but he had turned into immovable stone, his beautiful face a portrait of despair. "Let me explain, okay?"

"I don't need you to explain how I f**ked up, Yanna," he said in a dull voice. "But you need to hear me explain." He dragged a long, hard breath in. "I know you finally realized my threat was f**king bullshit."

I cried harder. His English had gone to hell, and his Dutch accent made me understand only half of what he was saying. It was one sign after another knocking on my heart, telling me to see what I should have seen all along.

"Now you are leaving the first chance you get, but you need to give me just one f**king chance!" Constantijin shouted the last word as he gazed up at me in agony. "Just don't leave. Anything you want, even if you want to have a f**king boyfriend and I'm the man you date on the side---"

That he would say something like it, promising something that was almost like what his father had to go through when Marge wasn't herself --- it sent me to my knees, too. "Constantijin, no," I whispered.

He grabbed my hand and pressed it to his cheek. "Yes," he said brokenly. "If that's what it takes to keep you with me. I love you that much."

I didn't need to hear him say those words. I already knew it the moment George made me open my eyes to the truth. But when I did hear him say it, my world - which had been revolving in an uneven degree for quite some time - found its rightful place back.

Everything became clear. The right path - the yellow brick road everyone was looking for - showed up like a street of gleaming gold and it led directly to Constantijin.

My life was with Constantijin, my very own billionaire, the man who could hurt me a billion ways but could love me in a billion ways more.

No matter what happened, I loved him and I was going to be happy with him, unhappy without him.

I felt more than saw his hands trembling as they went to stroke my hair. "Please Yanna, please don't cry."

After a while, I finally managed to control my tears. I leaned back and smiled at him tremulously. "I wasn't going to leave."

He looked like he thought I was demented but too afraid to show it. "So what are the suitcases for?"

I choked back a teary giggle. I tried to pull away, but it only made him pull me into his arms, his lips touching my hair, kissing my forehead, erasing the trail of tears on my cheeks. "Stay a second more, Yanna," he said gruffly. "Please. I missed this."

But I stubbornly pulled away. I almost felt guilty at the look of devastation in Constantijin's eyes but he had to let me go, just for now. I needed him to see me clearly when I told him the truth.

"Constantijin, I was not leaving. I was moving back in with you."

It took him several moments to react.

His face became grim. "So the things I did," he said slowly.

"Yeah," I said with a wobbly smile.

"The whole desperate, emasculating act---"

I winced, but I couldn't stop smiling shakily. "Yeah."

His Dutch accent very strong, he said, "There was no need for it at all?"

"Sorry, but yeah."

Constantijin was silent for a long time. I started to lean back, wary of the possibility he'd freak out on me, when he spoke. "It's fine."

"It...is?"

The softest and loveliest smile touched his lips. "I still mean every word."

Unable to help it anymore, I threw myself in his arms, causing Constantijin to lose his balance. His laughter and my giggles mingled in the hallway as he fell to the floor, grunting when I landed on top of him heavily.

He looked up at me, the uncertainty in his gaze making me cry harder. Alyx would kill me when she found out how much I cried in the past half hour but right now - it didn't matter what she'd think, what anyone would think. I almost lost the one man I was destined to love in my entire life. And now I had him back. I was so, like, going to cry a billion buckets if that meant I'd have Constantijin forever.

His body tense under me, he said hoarsely, "Does this mean you forgive me?"

A nod was all I could manage, the tears rending me speechless.

"And that---" His voice was uneven, as if he was unsure of believing what he was hearing. "You're coming back. Is that it, Yanna?"

Shit.

Bracing my hands on his chest, I pulled myself up as fear struck my heart. "Are you panicking again? You've begged me to come back and now that I did, are you panicking again and regretting what you asked me to?" Oh God, if I was right, I was, like, going to die - but not if I didn't kill him first.

Constantijin's silvery eyes blinked, and then he was laughingly hauling me back down to him, one hand gripping my hair in a familiar way that brought more tears to my already aching and tired eyes. He pulled me down for a kiss that wasn't sexy at all, not with my tears making the taste of my lips salty. But he was kissing me like a starving man, and the promise his lips made my toes curl all the same.

Woozy did not even cover how I felt when he finally released me.

"Yanna, I love you."

"That's sweet, Constantijin, but that's not what I want to hear right now."

He raised a brow.

"Promise me you won't have stupid panic attacks again."

Constantijin laughed.

I tugged his hair. "I mean it." I tried not to return his crazy happy grin, the kind I knew I used to have all the time in the past. But it was impossible. He was as irresistible as ever.

He reached up to kiss my nose. "I promise."

God, Constantijin Kastein - the sexiest man alive in the world - was feeling so in love he had to kiss...my nose. It was so adorable I had to kiss his back. Then I tested the waters and asked, "Cross your heart?"

"Cross my heart."

I giggled. "Pinky swear?"

His eyes narrowed. "Yanna, I love you more than anything else in this world but do not push it."

Epilogue

How (Not) to be Seduced by Billionaires...

And How to Make Them Fall in Love Instead

There is no lesson, no key to your billionaire's heart, no cage to keep him yours.

You just love him.

One Month Later

"How long are you going to punish me?" Constantijin demanded from the opposite side of the table, which right now wasn't the far end. He was just seated across me, close enough for me to have my feet propped on his leg under the table. I was in no mood to have another shouted exchange. The last time we did that had us popping lozenges like ecstasy pills the next day.

Shared laughter from his parents spilled out of the iPad screen, and Constantijin looked at them with a scowl. "And you two are really enjoying this."

It was the first night of our honeymoon - even though we weren't even engaged. Both of us knew we were going there, so we thought it wouldn't matter if we had the honeymoon first. Well, okay, it was just a private vacation. But I preferred the tone 'honeymoon' over Constantijin's 'fuck week'. I mean, really? Fuck week?

Daria had been so happy that Constantijin and I were back together she and Nik booked us a week-long stay for the presidential suite of The Raj Palace Hotel. It had four floors, a terrace with stupendous views of Jaipur, and the most glorious pool. But the best thing about it was that it even had its own freaking museum.

The moonlight shone behind us, reflected by the ornately designed surface of the vast table Constantijin requested management to move outdoors from the dining area.

"But you do look so adorable when someone's forcing you to eat what you don't want," Marge admitted with a chuckle.

Taking my feet off his lap, I stood up so I could bend over and feed him another spoonful of Hunt's pork and beans - the ultimate classic example of canned food.

"Poor baby," I said with mock sympathy even as I fed him the last spoonful from the bowl. "See? You ate it all. That wasn't so bad, was it?"

He didn't say anything, but his silver eyes shot enough sparks to speak volumes. Then he smiled. "Now, sweetheart, I don't think it's fair I'm the only one being fed. I think it's your turn."

I blinked. "R-really?" That was awfully nice of him.

"Oh, yes, starting with my cock---"

I sent the iPad flying, all the way to the pool. "Constantijin!" God, his parents were probably drowning in laughter now.

"But I meant it." And then he started after me, the look in his eyes causing me to scramble out of my chair. I tried to run after his reach, but laughter slowed me down, and he easily caught up to me.

"Constantijin!" I shrieked when he actually slung me over his shoulder and ran all the way up to the palatial bedroom that was ours for seven wonderfully long nights.

He threw me on the bed. I flipped around, intending to escape, but I sort of froze instead when I saw Constantijin slowly stripping his clothes off.

White unbuttoned polo, shrugged out of the way and discarded on the floor, leaving his sleek hard chest naked.

My throat went dry.

His khaki pants went off next, leaving him in his briefs. He was sex on legs, perfect in every way I could only thank my lucky stars he had been a smart twenty-one year old when he refused to be Calvin Klein's underwear model. God, if he had - I would totally have to be sharing this - all of this - with innumerable women and that would have been hell.

The briefs were gone now, and seeing him stroke himself with sensual leisure made me forget all about escaping. I wanted to be his. I wanted him to feed me his cock. I wanted all of him.

"Do you want this, Yanna?"

I bit my lip.

Smiling wickedly, "You know how this will go, Yanna. You have to say the words." He gave his c**k a longer, firmer stroke. "Sweetheart?"

"Yes," I choked out. "I want it."

"Then I'll feed it to you."

My heartbeat sped up as he came nearer and nearer and I couldn't stop myself from whimpering when the bed finally dipped as he rested his weight on one knee then another.

"Ah!" A little scream escaped me as he suddenly pushed me on my back and splaying my legs wide open so he could stare at my sex up close.

"But before I feed you---"

I almost shot out of the bed when he exhaled, the air coming out of his mouth a caress that made me close my eyes in the exquisiteness of it.

"I have to ready you first."

And then he was licking me, sucking on my clit, tongue thrusting in and out of my sex. A part of me wanted to throw him off, to give me a reprieve from the dizzyingly heated sensations that coiled around my body and electrifying every inch of it.

But the other part of me was greedy and wanton, making me moan as I clutched his head and push it down. I wanted him to kiss me harder, to lick me faster, to---

"Constantijin!" My orgasm took me by surprise as he clamped my cl*t between his teeth with gentle pressure.

As my body shook with the tremors of my release, I was barely aware of his hands moving to encircle my waist. And then he had me flipped on my stomach, and Constantijin stroking my folds. The movement was slow and gentle, but it went back further and further until I realized what he was about to do.

"No!" With my body stiff with shock and fear, it was a greater struggle to get Constantijin off me.

But he only chuckled, pressing me back down as he crawled over me.

"Constantijin..."

"This is the mouth I want to feed, Yanna."

My eyes flared wide at his calm admission. Did he not know---oh my God, did he---no words were not enough to explain how I was so not ready for this.

"No, I don't think---"

"Yanna," he said in that soft, accented voice I found so irresistible. "Trust me in this. It will be good."

Trying not to hyperventilate, I forced my body to relax even as fear continued to leech blood off my face. I covered my mouth with one hand in an effort to keep it shaking. When I had just a bit self control, I blurted out, "I'm scared."

"Trust me."

I let him lift my h*ps up so he could wet his cock. My eyelids fell closed in breathless terror, mingled with excitement, as I felt him sliding his c**k outside my other hole, wetting it.

Then it was in, just one finger, and I squeezed my eyes more tightly shut, face screwing up in pain. But Constantijin didn't stop thrusting his finger in and out in slow and steady strokes the same time his other hand went under my h*ps to play with my sex. He found my cl*t with impressive speed, alternately pinching it in rhythm with the thrusts of his finger.

"Good?"

"No," I gasped out.

He chuckled. "It will be soon, I promise."

Would it? But the pain was so intense that I could only gasp, trying to focus on the strokes of his fingers on my clit.

"Yanna," he growled.

"Y-yes?"

"You're thrusting back at me already."

My eyes flared wide open again, and I realized it was true. My h*ps were moving of its own accord, my body having gradually adjusted to the strange penetrating feel of his finger on my bottom.

"Constan---aah." He had slid a second finger in, forcing the hole to open wider, but this time the fiery sensation was almost beautiful, something I actually welcomed. I couldn't help moving to meet his fingers' thrust, my own fingers curling as I gripped the sheet in response to the burning feel of his ultimate possession of my body.

When he thrust his fingers into my sex while keeping his thumb on my clit, I knew it was only a matter of time before his c**k would follow. The thought made me whimper.

Constantijin's weight was suddenly pressing down on me, his breath hot in my ear as he whispered, "Ready for me to feed you this way, Yanna?"

"Yes." I sobbed the word out in helpless fear and excitement.

His c**k slid home, and I screamed as I felt him pushing his large and rock-hard erection into that small hole, inch by inch.

Constantijin panted above me, his tension almost tangible as he did his best to keep his thrusts slow and gentle. But soon I wanted more, and when I moved my h*ps against him insistently, Constantijin let go. He thrust in and out, his fingers in my sex matching the pounding of his cock. The double penetration had me crying out his name, over and over, until I couldn't think and just feel.

"I love you," he grated out as his c**k slammed back into my body.

I screamed again, my body feeling like it was being split apart in the most deliciously painful way.

"Love you," he rasped, and the words were more arousing than any touch, making my body come in the most powerful way.

Constantijin came with me, his c**k grinding deep as he poured out his come. Hot liquid filled my body in a way that was strange but familiar at the same time, and I closed my eyes, body still shuddering.

A second after, I felt Constantijin pulling away from me and I murmured a protest.

"I'll be right back." And he was. Constantijin gently and thoroughly wiped me clean with a wet hand towel. Afterwards, he lifted me up in his arms, and holding on to his neck, I watched sleepily as he took hold of one corner of the sheet. He swept it off the bed and threw it to the floor.

"Too wet already," he murmured wryly. Shifting me in his arms, he reached for the phone and called for housekeeping to change the bed linen.

I was red-faced by the time he finished. "But they'll know!"

"Yanna. I had a hard on already when we checked in. Do you think that wasn't enough of a clue for them?" Still completely naked, he carried me to the guest room at the floor below and lowered me gently on the bed.

I immediately rolled towards him, snuggling as close as I could when he pulled the covers around us. "I love you," I murmured, reaching up to play with the curls of his hair. Doing so soothed me.

"Love you."

The speed, the absence of hesitation, in his tone made me smile.

Constantijin asked, "Was it good?"

I rolled my eyes.

He chuckled. "Even with your eyes closed, I know you're rolling them at me."

I giggled.

"That good, mm?"

I laughed outright. "God, you are so arrogant."

"But it was really that good."

Unable to help smiling widely, I lifted myself up on my elbows to look at him. It was an absolute luxury, gazing at his beautiful face, knowing that every inch of him was mine. "Yeah," I whispered, unable to stop smiling. "It was that good."

Constantijin reached up to tuck my hair behind my ear. "It was unbelievably lovely for me."

Cocking my head to the side, I said slowly, "Constantijin? I know I'm no expert at sex like you---" I wrinkled my nose when he smirked. "But...what we just did, I can do the same to you, too, right?"

I burst into laughter at the way his eyes widened.

"I'm right, aren't I?"

He pretended to fall asleep.

"Constantijin?" Grinning, I began to shake him, and I didn't stop until he opened his eyes again. Pouting, I said, "Please?"

"NO."

"Please?"

"FUCK NO."

I threw myself on the bed, scooting to the edge and turning my back on him. "Fine. It's so obvious you don't really love me when you don't want me to do---" I shrieked in laughter when he snatched me back to him and twisted me around in one move.

"You're getting as manipulative as I am, you little cheat."

I beamed. "Aren't you proud?"

Constantijin gave me a short, sweet, hard kiss. "So proud I think I love you even more."

Returning the gesture, and adding a little nibble afterwards, I pulled back and said cheekily, "I love you, too, but don't think you're getting off the hook. Let me do that to you, too?"

He rolled to his back, laughing, tucking his arms under his head. "We'll see, schat. If I think you're good enough."

"But I am! And on that note, what does 'schat' mean? I keep forgetting to look it up in the dictionary."

He groaned, grabbing a pillow and slamming it over his face. "To think I used to hate how quiet you were."

I pulled the pillow off with a grin. "Now, you know better. So, what do you say? When can I do that? And you haven't said yet what 'schat' means? Constantijin? Constantijin?"

