Lesson #1

There's only one way to get over your billionaire.

And that's for you to see he's over you.

It had been exactly thirty-one days since I first worked for Kastein Inc. and eighteen days since Constantijin and I had parted ways in Vegas.

Constantijin Kastein was a Dutch billionaire, a gorgeous blond giant of a man whom the media loved to call Netherlands' #1 Playboy. Together with two of his other billionaire friends, he made up the society's infamous Three Pussketeers because of their long line of sexual conquests.

Constantijin was totally out of my league, but for some strange reason he had desired my body. I had desired his back - but I also wanted more. I had asked him to do something impossible, and he left me because it was impossible for him to do.

The memories had me sighing, like it always did. Lately, I was sighing so much it was a wonder I hadn't run out of oxygen. I should totally be choking on carbon dioxide by now. Even in my sleep, I had a feeling I still didn't stop sighing at what had been and what could have been between Constantijin and me.

George was so wrong. What happened in Vegas didn't stay there. It haunted me, stalked me, and killed me every time my gaze would find Constantijin, and I would see him laughing like nothing was wrong in his world.

It was Friday today - just a few minutes past six. I should be out by now, having fun with the rest of the world but instead I was stuck at the office. Charli had asked me to stay behind for some last-minute paperwork her own secretary had overlooked. Of course I said 'yes'. When you were single, heartbroken, and unable to masturbate because one) you couldn't get pass the embarrassment of it and two) you had an (almost) affair with a billionaire whose c**k put every exaggeratedly designed vibrator to shame - work was the best painkiller you could ask for.

The fantastic overtime pay for staying behind at the office was another plus. I sort of - okay, I totally blew off my savings in the last two days I had been in Vegas. That was how f**ked-up Constantijin had left me. Yes, it was pathetic of me. No, you didn't have to say it again and again. I knew it. George knew it. But knowing didn't stop me from feeling lost - like I once had the sun in my grasp and now I was in, like, total darkness.

I shuddered, hating how poetic and childish I sounded at the same time. Heartbreak so didn't suit me. If you hadn't noticed by now, I had this, like, really awful tendency to go Alicia Silverstone's Clueless mode when I felt super bad.

George also had overtime work, but he was already done and in a hurry to leave. He had a date with a guy from 25/F, never mind if both of them were already committed to someone else. They had a very elastic understanding of the word 'fidelity'. Sometimes, I wished I felt the same. Life would have been less complicated and more orgasmic if I did.

"Toodle-loo, Yanna," he told me with an air-kiss on the cheek while resettling his dorky glasses on his nose. For once, his checkered shirts were nowhere in sight, replaced by a smart-looking blazer and a silky blue shirt.

"Toodle-loo," I returned, laughing. This was another thing I loved about George. He was so unashamedly g*y. At first glance, you'd think he was the poster boy for Microsoft's Best Looking. Then he'd open his mouth, and you knew from the moment he called you dah-ling that he liked girls the way Paris Hilton like poodles.

It was around eight in the evening when I stretched for the last time, having typed the final period in my report. Being a perfectionist, I had to triple-check it before leaving.

After locking the door to our office, I took my time walking - what was the point of rushing out when both George and Alyx were out tonight? It wasn't as if the latest Pendergast novel from Preston and Child was going to complain if I came home a little late.

Upon reaching the room containing Constantijin's office, I found myself slowing down to a stop, gazing at my reflection on its tinted glass walls. Why did I do it? I had no idea. I just wanted---

I just wanted another connection with Constantijin, even something this flimsy.

Placing my tote bag on the floor, I straightened, staring at my reflection again. I looked no different from any mid-twenties office girl, with my dark hair lying straight and fine against my shoulders, black and utterly boring workplace outfit, and my even more boring pair of sensible flats.

Did I look like a woman who could attract someone as hot as Constantijin Kastein?

No. I so did not.

I decided to fluff my hair out, shaking my head like a rockstar until it was one huge mess.

"There," I muttered, dealing my reflection another critical look.

Did I now look bimbo-ish enough for Constantijin's tastes, perhaps someone with a mix of classy and hussy like the woman who had called him in Vegas? Her name was Selena Bartholomew and I was so not ashamed I had Google-stalked her, using all my Internet research skills in order to gain access to her locked tweets and private Facebook page.

And what did I learn?

That she was just one of the many who was constantly after Constantijin.

My eyes went back to my reflection.

No, not enough, I decided and fumbled for my lipstick inside my bag. I applied several layers of it to my lips, smacking them before turning to my reflection. Now - now I looked like Taylor Swift gone wild - the brunette version.

But it still wasn't bimbo-ish enough in my opinion.

I bent down again, letting out an 'aha' when I found my very last makeover tool. I applied several layers of blush to my cheeks - the kind that I only applied for clubbing because it was too wild for anything else - and, after a moment's hesitation, I also shrugged out of my bolero. After pulling my shirt down and plumping my br**sts up, I turned back to face my reflection.

Oh my God!

A giggle escaped me.

If Constantijin saw me like this, he would be, like, totally attracted. Not. I looked more like a clown than a bimbo.

Giggling again, I bent down to take my iPhone out of my bag, intent on taking a photo of myself and sending it to Alyx and George just for laughs. When I got back to my feet, the lights in Constantijin's offices were all open, and a shadow was moving inside.

I let out a scream. And another and another and another---

The night guard came running, shouting, "What is it?"

Oh, thank God! Shaking in terror, I gasped, "There's---" I turned back to Constantijin's office.

"There's---"

The shadow was shrinking but coming closer to me at the same time.

"Oh my God, there's---"

Constantijin.

There was Constantijin, grinning at me.

I whirled back to the night guard, who was scowling at me now. This time, I notice how his uniform top wasn't tucked, his belt left hanging from the loops, and his pants zipped halfway.

Oh, dear.

I so didn't want to know what I had just interrupted. Red as a tomato, I stammered, "Sorry, I didn't know someone else was here."

The look on the night guard's face told me to drop dead, but he left without a word after tipping his hat respectfully to Constantijin, who had just come out of his office. Having him near made my temper boil - and when he actually started laughing again the moment the night guard left us, I totally lost it. Again.

Slap.

"Yanna!" It was his fiercest and most furious growl, ever.

And okay, I had to admit I was more than a little scared at the look on his face - surely Constantijin wasn't so angry he'd forget murder was a crime - I forced myself to stand my ground. "You deserved it!"

"I f**king didn't!"

We glared at each other. Then suddenly his gaze dropped, and I realized that with the neckline I had pulled so low and my br**sts heaving in emotion---

I crossed my arms over my chest with a cry of protest. "Stop staring!"

He was doing his best not to grin, I'd give him that. But as far as I was concerned, he needed to try harder. This was so not funny. Well, okay, it was - but he totally had to pretend it wasn't.

"You should have let me know you were inside," I snapped.

"I was about to---but then I saw you suddenly shake your head---"

His words made me recall my actions with a cringe.

"And then you started applying makeup like you had a bit role as one of The Walking Dead---"

Oh God, this was the most embarrassing moment in my life.

"And to top it off, you actually made your br**sts---"

"I get it," I snarled, cutting him off because I couldn't bear listening to another word. "I was acting crazy. Happy now?"

Constantijin sent me a curious glance, his head cocked to the side. It was my first time to see him like this, and my heart tripped all over itself at the sight of it.

Constantijin was here.

Constantijin was talking to me.

The impact of those realizations finally hit me, and I suddenly found it hard to breathe.

"Why were you acting like that?"

I shrugged, wanting to lie but with my mind so messed up, I couldn't think of something else to say but the truth.

"Yanna?"

Letting out a sigh, I mumbled, "I wanted to look like a bimbo."

He reared back. "Why?"

I glanced up, a little taken aback at the shock threading through his tone. No - it was more than shock. It was something else - like I had just committed genocide in his eyes.

"Constantijin?"

"Why?" he demanded, his voice noticeably cooler.

Bemused, I blurted out, "Because I was thinking if I looked like a bimbo, you'd like me."

The silence that followed was so incredibly tense I didn't dare move, scared that if I did I would ruin the atmosphere. It wasn't good, wasn't bad - but it felt crucial. When he spoke again, it was in a curt voice that made me forget all about being soft and vulnerable and had my hackles rising.

"Come to my office."

He turned his back on me without waiting for my answer, which I found completely reprehensible. I dug my heels and answered frostily, "No. This is my free time and---"

"Yanna, will you f**king obey me for once and follow me inside?" He disappeared into his office.

I debated with myself, wondering whether I should push my luck or not. It was my free time. And he so totally didn't say 'please', which he should have - even if he was my CEO. Besides, what was there to talk about? Work?

My eyes widened.

Work!

Oh my God, what if we were going to talk about work?

I totally wanted to bang my head against his glass walls until they crashed. I was such a ninny for thinking he wanted to talk to me about anything else. He had weeks to do that, but he hadn't. So what made me think that tonight was going to be any different?

Lesson #2

Beware when your billionaire wants to talk.

It usually means he wants to f**k.

Hurrying after Constantijin inside his office, I hastily tried thinking of an excuse for my less than respectful behavior - not exactly a good basis for a job recommendation from the CEO -but couldn't think of any. Shit, shit, shit. He wouldn't fire me just because I overreacted - would he?

I slowed down as I crossed the threshold of his office, tense and wary. The last time we came here he was on full attack mode, and I ended up sprawled on his desk, his mouth on my---well, never mind about that.

Constantijin stood in the middle of his office, hands behind his back, facing the windows. He was elegantly dressed in a dark suit - minus the tie now, as his reflection on the window showed.

My knees quivered in belated response at his impossibly gorgeous looks. Oh, God, why couldn't I get used to how beautiful he was? Once upon a time, I had this hugest crush on Channing Tatum but after seeing him at my gym every freaking day, my glasses slowly lost its rosy tints, and he became human in my eyes. Even his drool-worthy abs were totally ho-hum-ordinary for me now.

But Constantijin?

Every day, he just seemed more gorgeous, sexier, and so much more unreachable than he already was.

I cleared my throat. "Sir?"

Constantijin turned around. This time, I got a really good look at him, and it made me let out a small gasp. He looked - less than perfect. Still beautiful but - now he was beautiful in an imperfect way when he was never that before.

His hair looked like he had been running his hand through it all over (because of me?), his eyes had noticeably darker circles under them (because of me?), and his slightly unshaven face bore a faint red mark on his left cheek (totally because of me).

His eyes narrowed. "Stop it with the sirs."

Keep it cool, keep it cool, I reminded myself, biting my lip to prevent myself from saying anything I shouldn't. I had a very bad urge to throw myself at him and bawl like a baby. I missed him. Oh dear Lord, how I had missed him!

"I don't think that's a good idea, sir." Yes, I was provoking him. No, I had no idea why I was doing it.

Exasperation lined his face. "Yanna."

"Mr. Kastein," I said, imitating his tone perfectly.

We stared at each other.

My lips were the first to tremble, and then we were smiling, the bad parting we had weeks ago momentarily fading from the present.

"You are very stubborn," he said, shaking his head, his accent adorably thick.

And you are very addictive. The thought had me biting my lip.

His eyes darkened.

Uh-oh. Hurriedly releasing my lip, I asked, "W-what did you want to talk about with me?"

"Us."

I whitened. "I thought we were going to talk about work."

Just as tightly, he answered, "No. We're not."

"Then I'm through with this conversation." I turned back towards the door even though I wasn't sure if I was even making the right decision.

"Yanna, if you try to leave before---"

Unable to help it, I stole a glance at his face over my shoulders. Oh, shit. The feral look on his face had me panicking even though I wasn't exactly sure why. Self-preservation? Instinctive coyness? Everything in between?

It didn't matter in the end, not when Constantijin's furious strides had him catching up with me in seconds.

I let out a shriek when he suddenly lifted me up with just one arm curled around my waist. Feet dangling at least three feet in the air, I began beating his chest, struggling to have him put me down. "Constantijin, stop this!"

But he didn't answer, walking steadily towards the couch on one side of the room. Its leather covering was - you guessed it - black, sprinkled with white throw pillows, and bordered by glass tables where framed photos of an older couple were on display.

Constantijin threw me on the couch.

I immediately reared up like a resurrected zombie. My mind told me to hurry and escape, but my body told me to slow down, sensing how near its favorite addiction was. As for my heart - it was my most useless organ ever. All it could do was confuse me.

Constantijin's weight pressed down on me, and my legs automatically spread open as if welcoming him back. Shit. What was happening to my body?

"Get off me," I hissed even as my heartbeat continued racing, practically gunning for an Olympic record now that Constantijin's c**k pulsed heavily against my aching core.

I tried pushing him away, bracing my hands against his chest, but it was a weak effort and we both knew it.

He stared down at me, unsmiling, his eyes intense.

"Yanna," he growled.

There was something in it that made me stop beating his chest with feathery-soft punches. God, I felt so weak even a newborn baby could knock me out with the kind of resistance I was putting up.

"You win." And that was all he said before his lips took mine for a breathtaking, toe-curling, and sanity-crushing kiss.

Oh, I could have wept for that kiss.

Wait, I already was.

Tears fell from my closed eyes even as I kissed him back hungrily, my arms going around him.

"Don't cry, schat," he groaned, kissing my tears away.

The tears fell harder.

He licked them away. "Please, sweetheart, you're tearing me apart."

Burying my face in his neck, I sniffed, "I don't understand what's going on now."

Constantijin suddenly flipped us, and I found myself lying on his chest in an instant. When I lifted my head to look at him in askance, he gave me a smile, albeit a grim one as he repeated, "You win, Yanna."

I frowned. "I win---what?"

He took a lock of my hair, curling it around one finger, caressing its tips as if he was fascinated by its texture. Then he let it go and, caressing my cheek with his knuckles, he stared into my eyes and said, "I will court you."

I stopped breathing.

The drawn look on his face told me he considered his words a huge concession on his part, and maybe - maybe it was. I had no idea what made him change his mind, but right now that wasn't important. What mattered was that he had said yes.

"Did you hear what I said?" Constantijin actually shook me, impatient and looking more than a little uncertain about my reaction when I just kept staring at him blankly.

Clearing my throat, I summoned a smile, which rested shakily on my lips. "I'm just...overwhelmed."

He smiled back, but it still didn't reach his eyes. He cupped my face suddenly, pulling me down for a short hard kiss that got me breathing again - no, hyperventilating. When he released me, he said, "I will court you but there are conditions."

Lesson #3

If your billionaire lets you have the last word,

it is because he will have the last laugh.

"Uh..."

Constantijin Kastein had agreed to court me.

My mind repeated the words over and over. He seemed to have said something else after that, something about confusion or whatever, which I totally understood. This was utterly confusing for me, too.

Constantijin Kastein had agreed to court me.

Oh, the mind boggled. It was like some girl - a total nobody like me - had asked Ryan Gosling to court her (the nerve!) and he had agreed (the bitch!).

"Yanna?"

I looked up at him blankly.

Constantijin Kastein had agreed to court me.

He frowned.

Okay, that was not a look a man intent on courting me should have. Shaking my confusion away, I said, "W-what is it?"

"Did you hear what I said?"

"That you're confused?"

Exasperation making his accent even thicker, he growled, "No. I said I had conditions."

Oh.

It was my turn to frown, and I did so, severely. "What do you mean 'conditions'?" He was the one courting me and yet - he was setting conditions, too? Did Dutch people have a different understanding of the word 'courting'?

"No one should know I'm---" He paused then said, reluctantly and distastefully, "---that I'm courting you."

My stomach twisted at his words. "Are you ashamed of me?"

His eyes widened and then he was kissing me again, his tongue boldly sweeping inside my mouth as his hands swept my back, trailing down to cup my bu**ocks and pushing it down on his cock.

"Sweetheart," he murmured, letting go momentarily of my lips but nothing else, "you anger me, confuse the hell out of me, but one thing I will never feel is ashamed of you."

He shifted under me, and I swallowed back a whimper because his movement had his erection rubbing against my already-sensitive clit.

Constantijin pulled my head back to his chest. I couldn't help wriggling closer, especially when he said, with a smile in his voice, "In fact you are the only woman who is not blood-related that I am proud of."

"Really?" I whispered.

"You love your work, I can see it every time I hear you make a presentation and talk to people about it."

His praise made me want to cry. Blinking tears away because I knew he wouldn't like it, I choked out, "Thanks."

Constantijin tipped my chin up. "So, no, I am not setting conditions because I am ashamed of you." His voice gentled. "You will not think like that again, yes?"

Oh, these Europeans and their confusing sentence-enders. Smiling tremulously up at him, I said, "Yes."

He pushed my head back down again. "Now, the conditions."

I couldn't help but tense.

"We will not tell anyone about it - not until it is the right time. Right now, you are unsure of me so there is no point for anyone to know. Office romances are discouraged - are forbidden but even so I know they exist. However, I do not want to rock the boat unless I have a good reason to."

"A good reason?" I echoed, a little confused about what that could be.

He didn't answer.

Lifting my head up again, I gazed into his eyes, asking worriedly, "Constantijin?"

A grin - the secretive and wicked grin that I so loved - touched his lips as he said, "Like when you agree that I can f**k you anytime, anywhere, any way."

Oh.

That kind of reason.

I was so wet after that.

And my Dutch playboy billionaire knew it. It was there in the blazing look of desire in his eyes, the way his nostrils flared and the way his c**k pulsed more strongly against my sex.

"Do you agree, Yanna?" he whispered.

Oh, God. He was using his seductive tone, and each word that fell from his lips was a seductive threat, intent of giving him complete control over my body.

"Yes." I ended gasping the word out when Constantijin reached down and pulled my skirt up, allowing his erection to rub even more closely against my womanhood. With my panties soaking wet, it was as if there was no fabric separating them and I couldn't help squirming.

I whimpered when Constantijin released me unexpectedly and my body fell back down, my sex practically impaled on his erection. I felt his hand snaking down as he gripped his cock, guiding it to my clit.

And then he started to rub.

"Constantijin!"

He smirked.

Oh, God. If I could slap him like I usually did, I would have. But right now - all I could concentrate on was the way his c**k kept teasing my clit.

"Listen carefully, Yanna, because I will only say it once."

I glared at him, but even I knew it wasn't my most potent glare, not when I also knew my eyes were pleading him simultaneously to rub harder, faster, and just do anything that would give me the kind of orgasm I could only enjoy from his touch.

Perversely, Constantijin smiled in return. He started to speak, but only half of my mind could focus on his words.

"Courting for me is another process to help us get to know each other better. But I'm a busy man. I'll do my best to devote as much time as I could to courting you but you should be prepared to make some compromises as well."

"Uhh..."

I felt Constantijin's other hand descending again and I tensed, not knowing what to expect but knowing as well that whatever it was, it would feel---

Constantijin ripped my panties off.

It would feel out of this world.

"Constantijin!" I hissed and then totally ruined it by moaning as his c**k demanded entrance.

"Look at me, Yanna."

I obeyed him, my eyes hazy with desire.

His tone unflinchingly hard, he said, "I am not promising love, Yanna. I want you to understand that perfectly."

Oh, he was so freaking unfair. How could I think of what to say to that when he was teasing my sex with his cock, its head slipping in a fraction before withdrawing completely, giving me a tortuous taste of how it could be between the two of us.

"I had never fallen in love and I warn you not to think that you can change my mind in the future about this. I won't. But---"

I whimpered as Constantijin's hand joined his cock, fingers teasing my cl*t while his c**k slid up and down against my folds.

"I am extremely attracted to you. And for as long as what we have between us lasts, I am yours."

His thumb pressed hard against my clit.

I gasped, my body arching, a brink away from an orgasm that I was sure would have me passing out at the sheer pleasure of it.

His eyes locked with mine, his gaze possessive and demanding as he asked in a rough undertone, "And you will be mine while I am courting you, yes? There will be no other suitors, yes?"

Passion clouded my mind, but even though only half of his words penetrated, I understood enough to force myself to shake my head. Oh, no. He was not getting away with that rule. Exclusivity in courting had always been a man's burden, and that wasn't going to change between us.

"No," I managed to say.

He was displeased. It was clear to see it in his gaze.

"Are you sure you want to say 'no'?" he taunted, moving his c**k faster, drawing out another moan from me. "If you do not promise equal exclusivity, expect me to torture you like this all the time."

I shook my head stubbornly even as I moved my hips, trying to trap his c**k against my cl*t so I could come.

"Are you sure?" he breathed into my ear, making me shiver. And I shivered even more as his fingers traced random shapes on my hips, the ticklish and arousing movements making me catch my breath.

"No!" The word of protest slipped out of my mouth before I could stop it, my body aching with need as Constantijin pulled away from me without warning, drawing us back onto our feet.

Speechless in my incredulity, I could only watch him as he expertly smoothed my skirt down until not a single crease was left.

I stared at him in horror. He was really going to end it just like that? More to the point, he wasn't going to end it?

He gave me a tense smile, which I returned with a girl.

He said quietly, "Our courting has begun."

But those words weren't what I heard in my mind. Seeing the determination in his eyes, the still-tense expression on his face as he physically struggled to keep his arousal in check, it made me hear differently.

Queen, check. It was his very best move in our chess board of seduction.

I lifted my chin, hating how my body still trembled with unsatisfied need. "Yes," I said just as softly, "it has." And he better watch out because I could have his king checked, too.

Or even checkmated.

Lesson #4

Try not to let yourself be swept away

when your billionaire dances with you.

Remember that the dance will end with the last note of the song.

Courting had always been compared to a mating dance, but between Constantijin and me, it was more like a war dance, one battle of the sexes after another. Constantijin's resistance could be due to his inability to relinquish control. He was the type to like having total control of anything he wanted badly, and for some reason I was the one he wanted badly.

Yet I fought with him, provoked him, and challenged him because if I gave in before I should, it would mean giving up on him.

It was like what Glenda said the other day. With Constantijin out for a meeting, Glenda had invited me to join her for a cup of coffee.

"You without your top and Constantijin was nothing," Glenda assured me when I gave her another mumbled apology for the worst threesome in history.

Her words made me blush. Even this long exposed to Constantijin's intensely passionate nature, I still couldn't make myself get used to how easy it was for people to talk about sex.

"I had seen women giving him blow jobs, lap dances on the table, masturbating---"

"I get the picture," I said hastily, not wanting to hear another word. The mere thought of all the women who had spent more than a second in his arms made me tear up inside. I hated it. I really, really hated it. Oh, Constantijin - why couldn't you be, like, Netherlands' #1 pastor instead of a playboy?

"But you know what the difference is between you and all those other women?"

"Smaller boobs?" I quipped.

She shook her head, her unsmiling expression eerily reminding me of Constantijin's own serious face. Eek. Like boss, like secretary?

"They stayed to finish what they started. You ran."

Oh.

"Constantijin had been very shocked at that. He didn't know what to make of it. All of them had stuck around. They hadn't minded I had seen them because there was something they needed more from Constantijin - something they didn't mind losing their self-respect for."

I thought about her words hard. "Glenda," I said finally, "Are you telling me not to have sex with him?"

She shrugged.

"Glenda!"

"All I'm saying is that you're different, and it was what drew him to you."

If there was anything I hated in life, it would be this: cryptic advice, an oxymoron of the very worst kind. Why give advice that had to be solved like a freaking puzzle?

"You're not helping," I sighed out.

"I am. But you're just too horny for my boss to understand what I'm saying."

That had me blushing and laughing at the same time. "Glenda!"

She patted my hand, a rare smile of such warmth touching her lips. "I'm rooting for you, dear."

That was great, actually, especially since Constantijin's brand of courting was nothing like I had ever imagined. It was beautiful, maddening, and oh so arousing.

Day 1 of Courting

A gigantic bouquet waited for me at my table, tall enough for its topmost flowers to surpass the height of my cubicle walls. George squealed as I hurried towards it, ignoring Arian's envious mutters.

I opened the card.

Thinking of you every day ---

Dreaming of you every night ---

I can't wait to f**k you endlessly hard when you become mine.

Oh, dear Lord. How was it that he could be so romantic and utterly crude at the same time? And why were my panties slowly getting wet? I took the card and hugged it to my heart, knowing that I was going to read it over and over tonight until I fall asleep.

Day 5 of Courting

Constantijin flew me out of state in his private jet. He wanted the two of us to enjoy a private dinner, far away from the prying eyes hounding us more and more at work. Arian was the most suspicious. It took every skill of acting I had not to give myself away every time I caught her trying to flirt with Constantijin.

To give him credit, he wasn't doing anything to encourage her but - couldn't he be ruder?

The flight was already ten minutes into its journey and I was still stiff in my seat, the proximity of Constantijin driving me crazy. I so badly wanted to kiss him but I knew I wouldn't - couldn't. If I did, he would think I was succumbing to his demands.

But I needed this courtship - I needed to feel secure that he really wanted me - just me. I didn't think I'd survive if I ever found out he wanted me the same time he wanted other women, too.

"Yanna." Constantijin purred out my name, creating goosebumps all over my body.

I reluctantly faced him.

He smirked, the sly look in his silvery eyes telling me he knew how much my body ached for him.

I slapped his face instinctively.

"Yanna."

The ominously soft whisper sent me facing the other way, knowing I was in big, big trouble. Would he forgive me if I said oops now?

"Yanna!" This time it was a furious growl.

Cringing, I turned to face him again. The terrifying scowl on his face had me protesting, "But you were smirking!"

"Then tell me to stop," he gritted out, rubbing his cheek, which still had my hand's imprint on. It made me gulp. Oh, dear, he was so going to kill me when he saw it.

"Sorry," I mumbled.

"You should be," he retorted. "You slapped me more times than anyone else in my entire life."

My shoulders drooped. "Sorry again."

He tipped my chin up, and I trembled, his touch rekindling the desire inside me. When our gazes met, I saw that he was smirking again. The jerk!

This time, he caught my hand before I could slap him again. And then he was kissing me, his tongue sweeping in and exploring my mouth. All I could do was kiss him back wildly, panting for more. My body strained towards him, wishing there wasn't a barrier separating our seats.

Constantijin forced me back to the windows, still imprisoning both my hands behind my back. I whimpered when he sucked on my tongue. I whimpered again when he let go of my lips but only so he could nibble on my collarbone.

"Constantijin," I sobbed.

He released me.

I blinked rapidly in shock.

He was smirking again.

Oh, the effing ass!

Day 15 of Courting

"You have got to stop sending me flowers," I told him laughingly while I was in my bath and he was in Dubai, meeting with oil sheikhs for the newest real estate project of Kastein, Inc.

"But I like doing it. I keep thinking how when I have you in my bed, I'd use all those petals to sprinkle all over you, tickle you, use it to caress your clit---" He paused then asked wickedly, "Are you turned on now?"

"None of your business," I managed to say.

He laughed.

That sound never failed to make my day - or night. Sinking more deeply into my bubble bath, I said again, "I'm serious. Knowing how much you're spending on me with each bouquet is giving me a headache."

I could hear him frowning as he answered, "Is this my f**king courtship or what?"

Knowing it was never a good thing to have long-distance quarrels, I said quickly, "I sent you a picture message. Did you get it?"

He didn't answer, but I could hear the faint sound of his fingers tapping on the screen of his mobile phone.

"Yanna." This time, he sounded more exasperated than angry, allowing me to breathe a sigh of relief.

I had sent him a picture message of a floral bouquet, with an e-card attached.

You are so cute!

Remembering the message made me giggle.

Constantijin said darkly, "And I am not cute."

That had me giggling even more.

"You are playing with me again."

"Yes, this time, I am," I admitted, unable to keep myself from grinning. God, I couldn't believe I was having this kind of conversation with Constantijin. I mean, what were the odds? He wasn't much of a caller - and God knew how he hated sending text messages. If he had ever enjoyed a call with another woman before, it would probably have been the hardcore variety of phone sex.

"You are a bad girl."

God, I loved it when his accent thickened and he started talking simplified English. "I learned from a bad man."

He sucked in his breath. "I've never been this aroused from a mere call."

That didn't make us even, not even close. I had never been aroused - until I met him. Still smiling my insanely smitten smile, I asked softly, "Did you like the picture, though?"

A smile was also in his voice when he answered softly, "Yes."

I ventured, "That's the kind of bouquet I'd love you to give me."

Silence from the other line.

"Constantijin?"

"You are for real?"

A giggle escaped me at his incredulous tone. I tried to explain, "I'm just really uncomfortable with the money you're spending on me."

"Then you are truly serious?"

My giggle turned into genuine laughter. "Yes, Constantijin. I am."

A sigh escaped him. "I do not understand you at all."

I think that's a good thing, I thought but knew I was better off not saying it.

"If you do not want me spending my money on flowers, then what should I spend my money on? I want something that would please you."

"Text messages cost money," I told him helpfully. My phone started to ring in the background.

"Answer it," he ordered.

"No, it's okay---"

"Please."

Sighing, I wiped one hand dry in the towel hanging from the rail and fumbled for my phone from the expansive sink. My eyes widened. "You're calling me?" But Constantijin had already ended the call to my wireless. Placing the wireless on the sink, I answered his call to my mobile phone, inhaling sharply when I saw Constantijin appear on the screen.

Bare-chested.

"Constantijin!" My insides turned into jelly at the sight of him wearing nothing but a pair of flannel pants, his fair skin gleaming in the darkness of the night. He was standing at the balcony of his hotel room, leaning against the rails. Even just through the iPhone's screen I could appreciate how stunning Dubai's views were, with its mixture of urban paradise and wild desert beauty.

"I wish you were here, schat."

His huskily spoken words made my toes curl under the bubble.

"If you were here, I would have f**ked you in this very spot, taking you from behind while you watched the world and they watched you, knowing that they cannot have you because you are mine."

"Constantijin." Oh, dear. I needed another shower after this. I was wet for a whole different reason now. I pushed myself up---

"You're in the bath?"

Oh, shit, I forgot.

I sank right back into the bubbles.

"Yanna." His voice was harsh, and through the video call I could see his face turning taut with the same need coursing through my body, sparking every nerve until I was almost shaking with desire.

"Take pity on a poor man and show me your br**sts again, sweetheart."

"I can't."

"Yes, you can."

I shook my head mutely.

The intensity of his gaze, the acute frustration in his eyes - it all reached out to me even though we were half a world apart. Swallowing, I said, "Just for a second."

"Thirty," he immediately bargained.

"Ten, starting now." I rose from the water, completely baring my br**sts to his sight. Even as I could feel myself blushing, with my ni**les turning hard, I didn't lose track of my mental counting.

One. Two. Three. Oh God, this was too embarrassing. I needed to speed this up. Four,five,six,seven,eight,nine,ten!

I sank back into my bubble bath with a swoosh, face completely on fire now.

"That was not ten seconds," Constantijin growled.

"Goodbye, Constantijin."

"Don't you dare hang up."

Giggling, I so dared.

My phone beeped a second later, and still smiling to myself I opened Constantijin's message.

I repeat, that was NOT ten seconds.

It was. I counted. I swear.

Good thing I always keep a record of my video calls.

I shot up from my bath, hitting the call button immediately.

"Yanna," he practically purred into my ear.

"Constantijin," I growled back. "Delete it."

"No." I could totally imagine him grinning his wicked grin right now, especially when he said, "I'll see you on Monday."

"Don't you dare hang up!"

But he did.

Day 23 of Courting

"Did you do this?" An irate Glenda appeared before my cubicle, waving a pink folder with lavender hearts in the air.

Since I was sure to be the only one with that kind of folder in Kastein Inc., I said with a gulp, "Yes?"

Her glare intensified. "Mr. Kastein said this is---" She sniffed. "The word he used is not something I am comfortable using."

My jaw dropped.

Shit? Fucked up? Goddamn epic fail?

"You are to report to Mr. Kastein's office, immediately." She didn't wait for me to answer. God, it was really like-boss-like-secretary with these two.

"Wait!" I had a hard time catching up with her, slowed down by my new pair of mules, which I unfortunately decided to break in today.

Bristling, Glenda stopped midway to Constantijin's office. When I reached her side, she immediately started enumerating what Constantijin apparently did not like about my report. "The length of the report..." She sniffed.

"Sorry," I mumbled even though I didn't quite understand why the ten-page length of my report was a problem. Did they want it like Arian's, which was shorter than a text message? She only submitted full-length reports when sucking up to managers.

As we walked past a group of interns, Glenda continued, "And that series you are recommending!" She shuddered.

My heart sank. Even my series recommendation was a problem? I honestly thought they would like City Hunter, considering how awesome the Korean adaptation was plus the fact that Kastein Inc. - with its own adaptation - could create a better ending, thus giving Asian markets a new reason to revisit the series.

We reached Constantijin's suite of offices. "Go in, go in," she said irritably, practically pushing me in. When the door closed behind her, Glenda startled me by winking.

"Sorry, dear. It was the boss' orders to make your visit here inconspicuous."

"Then...then my report wasn't really bad?"

"Oh, no, Constantijin loved it. He just said I should torture you on the way here."

"Glenda!"

"Blame the boss, dear," Glenda said over her shoulder as she returned to her desk, already focused on her tasks.

When I entered Constantijin's office, he was already grinning.

I totally saw red.

"Not now, sweetheart," Constantijin said, easily catching my slapping hand as I reached him. "I have something better in mind." And then he was kissing me with ravaging hunger, taking me by surprise and completely sweeping me off my feet.

Lesson #5

Yes is the only word your billionaire wants to understand.

When you say 'no',

he will think you are saying 'never'.

Constantijin half carried me to his couch, dropping himself on it and I landed on his lap sideways without our kiss breaking.

"You drive me insane with wanting, schat."

"You, too," I gasped, arching as his lips left a trail of kisses and nibbles on my neck.

He twisted me around on his lap, leaving me lying with my back against his chest, legs spread open with his in between. I moaned when I felt his hand pulling my tucked blouse free from my skirt. And then he was cupping me, pushing my bra away almost angrily so that his hands could completely cover my flesh.

"Constantijin."

"I want a going-away gift," he said as he started tweaking my ni**les.

"What?" I managed to ask, finding it so hard to concentrate when he pinched my ni**les rather hard.

"I want to see you come before I go."

Oh my God, oh my God---

"Say you'll let me?" He breathed into my ear, making me shudder.

"Constantijin..."

"I want to remember your face as I make you come, Yanna."

When he said those words, when he said it like that, his thick Dutch accent a rough/tender caress all on its own, all I could do was nod, twisting sideways so I could look at him.

One of his hands dipped into my lacy briefs.

"Aaaah." I didn't make any attempt to lower my voice, not when I knew his office was totally soundproofed and not when I knew by now how much Constantijin liked hearing me express my pleasure with his touch. I kind of liked it, too. Well, to be honest - I really liked it.

Wetting his fingers with my moisture, Constantijin bit my ear lightly just as one finger penetrated me, so deeply only the size of his knuckles prevented him from going further in.

Letting out a long moan, I writhed in his lap, legs parting even more widely so he could touch me more deeply.

"Do you like how I finger-fuck you, Yanna?"

"Yes," I sobbed. He never failed to reduce me to a tearful mess with his touch.

"Are you ready for more, sweetheart?"

"Yessss---aaaaah!" Two, no, three---oh my God, four!

My sex stretched to accommodate him, being so very eager to please as was the rest of my body. His fingers started to move in synchrony as he f**ked me long and hard.

"Please, please." I couldn't help screaming the words out as his thumb started rubbing my cl*t without stopping the thrusts of his fingers.

My h*ps began to move, almost demandingly bouncing up and down on his slick fingers.

"After this goddamn courtship, once you realize how much I want you, I'm going to tie you to bed and f**k you until you'll be begging me to stop."

My body started to shake at his words, and I knew I was so, so near to coming.

Constantijin's hand tightened around my left breast even as his fingers continued its punishing rhythm - something I couldn't get enough of.

"I won't listen to what you say, though. I won't stop even if you beg me with your mouth."

Oh, oh, oh. Imagining his c**k in my mouth thrilled me so much it had me riding his fingers with even more frantic speed.

"Constantijin."

He pulled my nipple, its painfully aroused state reacting even more sensitively to his touch.

"My c**k has been burning for you for weeks. It will take twice as long before I will be able to stand letting you go for more than a minute without having you."

He pushed hard against my cl*t at the same time his fingers thrust wildly into me.

I came with another scream, my body racked by the tremors of my orgasm.

Later, much, much later, Constantijin carefully fixed my appearance before pulling me back into the couch with him. I lied in his arms, loving the sound of his rapid heartbeat.

"Where will you go?" I mumbled against his chest.

"New York. My company is sponsoring several charity functions so my attendance is required."

I bit my lip because I almost said I'd miss him. Instead, I said, "Take care."

He stopped stroking my hair to ask, "You'll behave like a good girl when I'm away?"

I rolled my eyes. "Shouldn't I be the one warning you? I'm not the one with a playboy reputation here."

"Naturally, since you're a woman."

"Constantijin!

"Yanna!"

I had to smile at that. "But have a safe trip, okay?"

His face hardened all of a sudden. "You didn't answer my question. Promise me you're not entertaining any other suitors."

Even three weeks into our courtship and Constantijin still had trouble trusting me. He never stopped asking about my "other" suitors --- even though he should by now I would always have the same answer for him.

"You know that's none of your business." And it wasn't - not until he was ready to commit to something more permanent than being f**k buddies to each other.

"Just give me a f**king name, even a goddamn number---"

I lifted myself up so I could face him. "Constantijin, don't." I said it as gently as I could. He had to learn to trust me - the way I was struggling so hard to trust him despite what all the media stories were saying about him.

A flash of irritation crossed Constantijin's eyes. "Yanna."

"You know you don't have any right to say that." I did my best to keep my voice gentle. I hated fighting with him, but I had to stand my ground on this. He had a domineering personality, and I couldn't let him get away with everything.

His eyes shuttered. "Fine."

I was tempted to take it back but I didn't. "I'll miss you."

The words usually made him smile, but this time it only made him feel more distant.

And then before I knew it, he was gone.

Lesson #6

Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned,

But heaven hath nothing as gorgeous as a billionaire made jealous.

My weekend felt empty without a single call or message from Constantijin. It made my heart cry out in fear, but I did my best to suppress it. I kept asking Constantijin to have faith. Yet here I was, unable to trust him just because he could be too busy with work to do so.

Monday arrived, and I had never been so keen to go to work. But I was in for a surprise, with Glenda telling me gently that Constantijin had been delayed and would be staying in New York indefinitely.

The office wasn't the same without him. Even food - my greatest comfort in life - wasn't as comforting as it had been all these years. For the first time in my entire existence, even my favorite lasagna tasted like layers of recycled paper mixed with cheap cardboard.

I managed to resist Google-stalking him until Thursday. I had to know what was going on with him. Just one little peek, I promised to myself as my fingers expertly paved a secret pathway into his world.

In a few seconds, what I did and did not need to see stared back at me in painfully vivid colors.

Rows of photos of Constantijin attending different functions, looking dashingly debonair in his tuxes and suits, filled the page. And always present in his arm was the lovely Selena, elegant and beautiful in a similarly golden way, their blond heads melting together whenever they posed together for photos.

When I clicked the link on another tabloid coverage of the same events, I found a paparazzi photo of the two entering what was labeled as Selena's hotel room - at three in the morning.

"You okay, Yanna?" George asked with a frown from his cubicle when he heard me let out a gasp of hurt.

Quickly closing the tab, I answered in a wobbly voice, "Yup."

I didn't cry at work, and for the first time in my life, I managed not to tell anyone about it. I couldn't. It was too...

Oh God, I couldn't even think of a word for it.

But when I reached my home that night, I quickly locked the door, pulled up the covers, and that's when I let the tears fall, for the rest of the night.

~~~~

Glenda managed to corner me the next day even though I did my very best to avoid her. Constantijin had been calling and mailing me all day until I was forced to remove the battery of my phone and throw all of it inside my drawer. If I wasn't so practical, I would have changed my number as well. But that was too impractical and I didn't do impractical. I did stupid, silly, foolish but only because I had extremely bad taste in men.

"The boss is looking for you," was all Glenda said as she practically manhandled me into Constantijin's office. She was frighteningly strong for a woman her age.

Rubbing my wrists, I almost jumped in surprise when Constantijin's hands settled on my shoulders, whispering as he turned me around to face him, "Miss me?"

For a moment, my heart twisted in all kinds of agony as I gazed at his beautiful face, his golden-copper-tinted hair gleaming even more brightly with the sun's rays shining into Constantijin's office. His blazer was hanging at the back of his chair, leaving him in his silk shirt, its sleeves rolled up to his elbows.

He looked the same yet different, too, like he was...like he was glad to see me but wasn't sure if I would feel the same.

Smart of him.

I stepped back from his hold. Standing so close to Constantijin, I felt immeasurably small in my flats. If I had known he'd be coming back today, I would have worn heels instead. And - and I would have worn something jaw-droppingly sexy instead of a rather ordinary three-piece.

"You didn't miss me then?" A quizzical smile appeared on his lips.

Lips that could have touched another woman's lips, cheeks, body---

I almost lost my balance, the wave of pain crashing down on me a tangible weight.

"Are you all right?" He reached out for me.

I took another step back, my skin crawling at the thought of being touched by hands that could have touched another woman's just the night before.

Unlike him, I wasn't the type to beat around the bush so I just said baldly, "I saw you." I took a deep breath. "I saw you online - a bunch of photos that showed you and Selena together and even one photo showed you entering her hotel room."

Constantijin stilled, a blank mask falling over his gorgeous face. Then he said simply, "I see."

"What do you mean, you see?" I exploded, almost falling to my knees at the pain his words caused.

His hands went inside his pockets. "I didn't peg you to be the type to ascribe to double standards."

It took me several moments to understand his meaning. I whitened when I did. Basically, he was telling me that since I didn't promise fidelity while he was away, it meant that he wasn't obliged to do the same. Cultural differences may be at work here, but --- dammit, couldn't he have asked?

"It's not like that," I told him flatly.

"It's exactly like that!"

"No, it's not!" My fists clenched in impotent anger and hurt. "You're the one courting me!"

"So?"

I couldn't believe he could just stand there so arrogantly, not even bothering to defend himself or apologize. "You just don't get it, do you?" I asked wearily.

"You are the one who doesn't get it," he said between clenched teeth. He was angry - really angry, and that made me more tired. "I told you that I am not to be played---"

"And you weren't. You were never..." I wheezed for air, the pain of what he was wordlessly admitting to choking me. "I didn't want to promise you I wouldn't entertain suitors because I didn't want you to know how much I liked you. Just that. But I never entertained any suitors. I didn't even date anyone or talk to any guy beside you. You can ask anyone here and it's the truth."

Constantijin was pale by the time I finished, which I regretted honestly because even after what I did, it was never my intention to hurt him. I just - I just wanted him to know that it could have been really good between us.

"So, if there's nothing you can think of saying anymore---" An expected sob escaped, and when Constantijin looked stricken at the sound, I whirled around, unable to bear the look of pity on his face.

To hell with this.

I hurried out of the room as quick as my new mules could carry me. Walking straight into the rest room, I locked myself in the first available cubicle that I could reach.

And then I cried again.

I kept my phone dead the whole weekend and when I came to work Monday, Glenda was standing watch at my door. "The boss wants to see you so make up an excuse and then---"

"Glenda," I whispered.

She stopped speaking, her eyebrows shooting up when she had a closer look of my face. Puffy eyes, red nose, trembling lips - that was how I looked when I stared at myself in the mirror this morning, and I doubted I looked any better now.

"Glenda, please. It's over between us."

She took another look at me before nodding, turning her back and walking away. The calls and texts came next, all of which I rejected and deleted. The flowers followed, and I donated them to the charity occupying an office in 7/F.

On Thursday, Charli told me I had a call in her office. Thinking it was the client she had assigned to me earlier to negotiate with, I took it quickly, aiming to sound very professional as I said, "Good morning, this is Yanna Everleigh---"

"Yanna."

It was him.

"Don't put the phone down." His voice sounded raw, like he had wounded his throat from talking.

Too much pillow talk talking with his dear lovely Selena, probably. The thought hardened me, giving me the strength to answer him with silence.

"I'm sorry," he rasped. "I was an idiot."

Never had I expected him to apologize, much less admit to being an idiot - which he had been. But it was too late. "It's over," I said, forcing my tone to stay flat and emotionless even though I had an exceptionally strong urge to bawl like a baby.

He was always so unfair.

He would make me fall, push me away, then he'd come back and make me fall for him again.

"Please don't bother me again," I whispered before ending the call.

Charli dealt me a speculative look when I put the phone down. "The, err, client wasn't a good match?"

She knew.

I forced a smile. "He terminated me first."

~~~~

Friday came again, this time with a major company event. It was the birthday of the Chairman of the Board, with everyone's presence strictly required and the dress code formal. I would have given any excuse to skip it - strangely, the thought of seeing his parents hurt. But I couldn't, not when Charli told me with such a proud smile how she had managed to convince the Board to make me the host instead of hiring a professional.

I came to the event dressed to kill. The Grecian style of my amethyst-toned gown added the illusion of a more generous cle**age to my slimmer curves while my silver heels lent me a few extra inches. The added height was necessary. I wanted to be sure the microphone stand wouldn't end up taller than me. Been there, done that, never wanted to feel like a midget on stage again.

George helped with my hair, which he had tied halfway up while leaving the rest to curl around my shoulders. He even gave me a hand with my makeup, managing to make my eyes look large and luminous with a dark eyeliner and dramatic eye shadow.

"You look smashing," George enthused as we walked hand in hand into the hotel ballroom reserved for Kastein Inc.'s private function.

"Totally," I agreed airily even though inside I still felt a thousand years older and a hundred times uglier than the worst-looking troll. Heartbreak and I - we were never good companions for each other.

"No, seriously," George insisted. "Look at your right."

When I did so, absently, a group of men from Finance whistled in appreciation, their stares bordering on lecherous.

I blushed.

"See?"

"It's your makeup," I said finally.

He shook his head. "No, hun. It's you." Then he patted my bottom, making me giggle. "Now, break a leg." He pushed me towards the side steps leading to the stage.

I had only taken a few steps when I lost my footing, most likely out of sheer nervousness, and would have fallen flat on my face if a pair of arms hadn't caught me.

Heart beating madly, I looked up.

Oh.

It wasn't Constantijin.

It was Mr. Fix It.

He helped me up slowly and I tried not to notice how his hands held my waist just a little bit longer than he should. "Third time now, Yanna," he said with a grin.

Now that I was back in my feet, I could properly appreciate his looks, and I had to admit that he brushed up quite nicely in formal attire. White tuxes were hard to carry for most men, but on Drake - he simply looked like an angel with a naughty sense of humor.

Especially with the way he was looking at me.

Blushing, I stammered, "I know. I'm so sorry."

Drake laughed. "I was just kidding, Yanna. I have no complaints about being your knight in shining armor anytime." He hesitated then, his voice lowering a notch, "You look utterly desirable."

"Umm, thanks. Y-you look good tonight, too."

"Only for tonight?"

I was horrified. "I didn't mean---" Then I saw the laughter in his gaze and groaned. "You're mean!"

"And I just wanted you to laugh because I think you're nervous for no reason." He gave me a megawatt smile that I was very sure would make my heart skip a beat if it wasn't still in the emergency room, receiving treatment for post-traumatic shock, thanks to overexposure to unfaithful Dutch playboy billionaires.

Drake bent close, I reared back, but it was too late.

He pressed a kiss on my forehead.

When he pulled away, I was gaping.

"Your good luck kiss," he said with a wink before walking away.

More than a little confused, I absently touched my forehead as I climbed the stage, wondering if maybe - maybe I had been right all this time. Maybe Drake was the one for me and Constantijin Kastein was just the Devil's best attempt to seduce me from my happily-ever-after romance.

The limelight swung immediately toward me as I reached the middle of the stage. I automatically beamed at the crowd. "Welcome to the 60th birthday of our beloved Chairman of the board, Mrs. Margaret Kastein. On behalf of the Kastein family, I would like to thank you all for coming."

Although I had my script in hand, I barely glanced at it, knowing I was better off improvising and keeping eye contact with my audience. I had never been a limelight-hogger, but that didn't mean I sucked at stage presentations - or, in this case, hosting jobs. Most times, I was actually good at it since my public speaking skills had been honed at an early age, with both my parents constantly volunteering me to act as host for every company party they threw.

Later, I was hosting a game that had Arian as one of the contestants. She, too, looked smashing - especially with her headlights fully on. The moment I saw Arian's nipple alert, I immediately searched for George in the crowd. Our eyes met - and then we were grinning.

You had to hand it to Arian, really. It always took guts to show up like that on stage and just so she could seduce Constan---I mean, our CEO. I had to start thinking of him impersonally now.

Two hours later, and I dished out my last speech for the night, declaring the end of the "official" event, which meant the time to dance and go wild would now officially begin.

"Thank you!" I blew them a goodbye kiss, and the crowd went wild, with one guy from Marketing actually letting out a loud whoop as he jumped high, pretending to catch my air kiss.

Laughter and applause still rang clearly in the background as I went down the stage. George was waiting for me, grinning, and we exchanged hugs.

"My hands are still shaking," I confessed.

George rolled his eyes. "You were fantastic there!"

We looked at each other and then we started jumping like crazy. God! That had been hard, hosting a party for a Fortune 500 corporation and with over a thousand employees from all levels attending.

"Ahem."

Still clasping each other's hands, we turned toward the sound.

Oh my God, it was Constantijin with his mother.

George and I quickly released each other, faces flaming.

"My mother wanted to congratulate the host for a job well done," Constantijin said, his eyes on me while my eyes were on - anywhere but him. Even so, I couldn't help stealing a peek at his looks.

Bad mistake.

He was, like, too hot to be true.

And I was, like, too wet to be true right now.

Constantijin's hair was brushed up in a slick style. It should have made him look totally sleazy and old, but no, darn it, he just looked nobler - like a freaking European prince. He was all Old World glamour, and his blazer even had coattails, its beautiful cut emphasizing the impressive width of his shoulders and his height.

"Mom, this is the woman I've been telling you about - Yanna - and her friend George. They are both the new executives in our marketing department."

I could feel Constantijin willing me to look at him, but I resisted the magnetic pull of his gaze. I hated how even after everything that he had done, I still felt drawn to him, a moth addicted to getting burnt time and time again.

"George, Yanna, may I present to you my mother, Margaret Kastein?"

"Good evening, Mrs. Kastein," George and I murmured in unison.

Constantijin's mother was beautiful, an older and feminine version of him in fact. She had a stately air about her, her age only adding a timeless quality to her beauty. There was speculation in her bright blue eyes when she turned to me after speaking with George.

George suddenly craned his neck. "Oh, I think my friend just arrived. Excuse me." He disappeared not an instant later, the traitor.

"You really did well there, my dear," Margaret - or Marge as she prettily asked us to call her - said with a warm smile. She was quite petite, and her stole, made of snowy-white faux fur, which matched her black figure hugging gown, made her look even smaller. But when she looked at me, I knew right away this woman was the type to have no problems at all wearing the pants in the family.

And since she was our Chairman, she probably did.

Realizing that she was waiting for an answer, I stammered, "I'm just honored Charli thought I could handle the job."

Before I knew it, she had taken my arm and we were strolling toward the outer edges of the party, away from the crowd. Constantijin followed behind us, lagging a few steps, and I did my best to ignore the way he continued staring at me.

"You were a natural on stage."

"Umm, t-thanks."

I had a feeling we were walking aimlessly, but who was I to say that? For a moment, I wondered if this was a prelude to a pay raise. She could be, like, so impressed of my hosting duties that she was adding a zero to my salary, never mind if hosting had nothing to do with marketing research.

But then I realized that if she did promote me or give me a pay hike, it could very well be due to Constantijin. What if he felt guilty and thought this was a way to say sorry?

Disappointment made my shoulders droop a little.

"Is something wrong?"

God, she was intuitive. Forcing a smile, I said, "I'm just giddy. And relieved that I survived hosting your birthday." I froze then added in a rush, "Oh my God, I'm sorry I forgot to greet you again. Happy birthday, Mrs. Kastein."

"It's okay and Marge, please." Her eyes twinkled. "But you can call also call me 'Mom' if you want."

My jaw dropped.

She let out a laugh, which sounded too gusty for someone who looked so refined. Without even looking over her shoulder, she told her son, "Leave us for a while, my dear. I will call you when I am done."

"Mother," I heard Constantijin say from behind in a warning tone.

Marge's voice became steely. "Leave."

I twisted my head around and was stunned to see Constantijin actually leaving. Yes, that made it official then. Marge was definitely the boss in their family. When I looked back, Marge was smiling prettily again. But this time, I was so not fooled.

"Ma'am?" I asked very respectfully.

She beamed. "Oh, darling, you have no reason to be afraid of little ole me."

I silently begged to differ.

"You and my son are at odds with each other, yes?"

Who knew Constantijin would be such a tattletale?

Coughing, I said vaguely, "Umm..."

She smirked.

Oh my God, so this was where Constantijin inherited his smirking ways!

"Dear," she sighed, "there is something I have to tell you about my son."

Something in her tone made me stiffen.

"He's an ass. I love him, he's my son, but he's an ass."

Okaaaaay. Totally did not see that coming, but hey, if she wanted to call Constantijin the A-word then I didn't have any problem with that.

She sighed again. "It's my fault, really." She glanced around, her eyes looking for Constantijin. He stood opposite us, at the other end of the ballroom, a glass of some dark-colored liquor in his hands. When he saw us looking at him, his head cocked to the side in askance, one eyebrow lifting.

"Maybe someday, when you are with him longer, I'll tell you why. I probably have to, one way or another."

Her words were so cryptic I couldn't help wondering what she and Constantijin seemed to be hiding from the whole world. Margaret suddenly lifted her hand and waved.

In a few seconds, Constantijin was at our side and Margaret was telling him to take me to the dance floor.

Whoa!

"I..." I couldn't really say 'no', not with Margaret smiling at us expectantly and everyone looking our way.

Constantijin grinned at his mother.

She answered with a smirk. "You're welcome."

And then Constantijin was whisking me to the dance floor, his hands spanning my waist as the DJ played a slow jam mix of something by One Republic and Ne-Yo.

I stood stiffly in the circle of his arms.

"Look at me, Yanna."

"No." I forced myself to smile when I realized that a lot of people were looking at us. Acting stiff was expected - he was the CEO and I was not - but looking angry meant having something more than what's right between us.

But God, it felt so incredibly good to be back in his arms. Too good.

Constantijin said harshly, "I'm sorry."

I kept my gaze stubbornly over his shoulders even though my stomach twisted at the ragged sincerity in his voice.

"I f**ked up."

Can't believe him, can't listen to him, can't---

"I talked to my mom about you. I told her everything."

My head jerked up at that. "You what?"

His eyes bored into me. "You didn't want to talk to me, and I didn't know how to reach out to you."

"B-but why your mom?"

"Do I look like the kind to have a platonic girl friend?"

He had a point, but...I glared up at him. "Seriously, your mom?"

Constantijin bit out, "It was either my mom or Charli. Do you prefer I had talked to your boss instead?"

Darn it. He had a point with that, too.

Constantijin seemed visibly struggling to find the next words to say. It was rare for him to be lost for words, and I couldn't help but stare at him even as my whole body prickled in acute awareness of his nearness, his scent, his very hardness.

"Yanna---I never had a relationship in my whole life."

I tripped - or would have if he hadn't swiftly caught me, his hands tightening around my waist. My eyes were locked with his, which blazed with emotion. "Never?" I whispered.

He said roughly, "There was a girl I dated briefly when I was in my teens, but other than that---I never found a reason to tie myself to one woman, never been interested in being faithful." His grip tightening even more, he said, "I hated how you always seemed to have the upper hand between us, never giving me a straight answer---"

"Because you were asking things you didn't have the right to ask!" I half shrieked.

Constantijin coughed.

That alone was enough to remind me we had an audience, and a very interested one at that.

Lowering my voice belatedly, I added, "Sir."

His eyes laughed at me, and the secretive, wicked grin I so loved reappeared on his lips when I made a face at him. "People are going to talk about us tomorrow," I muttered. "I should leave now---"

"No." The laughter was gone from his eyes, replaced by a furious glitter. "Don't go." His hands tightening around my waist, Constantijin muttered, "We still haven't talked about us."

"Constantijin---"

"I'm sorry I f**ked up. I can say it again and again, but it won't change things. Give me another chance and it will be different this time."

I so badly wanted to believe him, but he's already hurt and left me hanging twice. Shaking my head, I mumbled, "I forgive you, Constantijin, but---"

"One more chance, Yanna. That's all I ask."

No, no, no, my head shrilly protested, but it was too late. Constantijin's gotten under my skin again and he's found his way back to my heart. "Just give me time and space to think," I said.

"Fine."

Just when I thought that was all he was going to say - and that was frankly disappointing - Constantijin spoke again. "But I want you to know...it's not just sex between us, Yanna." The music we were swaying to switched tempos, and he suddenly whirled me around. As he did, he said, "You matter to me."

Then he was walking me back to George.

I was literally shell shocked for more than a few minutes, unable to believe that Constantijin Kastein had made such a declaration. From the very first time we met, it had always been sex between us, or at least I thought it had been for him until now.

You matter to me.

Oh my God, oh my God. Constantijin with his overtly sexual magnetism took my breath away, his c**k a weapon I was helpless against. But Constantijin actually growing a heart?

"George." I was back to being talkative, and I was dying to tell someone about what had just happened.

George took one look at my smitten expression and started laughing.

I couldn't help laughing, too, my heart still melting at Constantijin's words. It was the very first time he made me feel soft and mushy rather than hot and wet. It was...a good feeling.

"George." It was all I could manage to say.

George patted my hand. "I know, hon, I know."

Constantijin liked me. He cared for me. I was pretty sure of it now.

I turned to George again, intending to share with him what Constantijin's parting words were - so much better than the last time, weren't they? Instead I found myself staring at Mr. Fix It instead. I mean, Drake. Dear Lord, I had to stop thinking of him as the guy who fixed my problems. Because he couldn't be that. In the future, it would be Constantijin who would be fixing my problems since he liked me, cared for me, was in lo---

Bad Yanna, bad Yanna. Stop jumping to conclusions.

"Care to dance, Ms. Everleigh?"

Without thinking, I looked over my shoulder, searching for a pair of silvery eyes. In a little while, I found Constantijin's wry gaze taking the situation in.

I let out a sigh of relief, amazed that he wasn't going berserk.

My phone beeped.

Heart racing, knowing who it was from even before I saw Constantijin's name on my screen, I clicked his message open.

Don't think I'm not jealous. I am. Too f**king much.

The words made me smile, my toes curl, and my face heat up.

Ah. Constantijin and his rudely romantic words - what did it say about me that I couldn't get enough of his unique way of showing I, umm, mattered?

Drake offered his hand. "Shall we?"

Taking it, I laughed when he immediately whisked me to the dance floor with a little twirl. I had a great time dancing with him - and any number of other men. There wasn't a moment I had to myself, with one guy after another asking to dance with me. And I did, with all of them.

They flattered me outrageously and asked for my number. I felt like the belle of the ball, but even I knew it wasn't because I was the prettiest girl in the room. It was because they thought Constantijin Kastein was interested in me - and I had rebuffed him. That got my "market value" rise pretty high in the men's eyes.

Constantijin wasn't doing anything to stop the speculations, standing next to his mother throughout the evening, never dancing with anyone else.

An hour later, my phone beeped again and I couldn't get it out fast enough.

Dance with me again?

Smiling, I typed my reply.

No.

Let me see what you could say to that, I thought, almost humming to myself. A waiter offered me champagne and though I normally didn't drink any kind of liquor, I found myself accepting a flute.

My phone beeped just as I was lifting the glass to my lips.

Have sex with me?

I choked on my champagne.

Lesson #7

Sometimes, you have to make a choice with your billionaire:

To f**k or be f**ked up.

It was a Monday again, and I had two snowflakes and a mysterious red-colored Post-It stuck to my LCD screen. By now, I had totally given up beating Charli to work. I had even arrived an hour earlier than my call time one day but lo and behold, Charli was already sipping her cappuccino in her office by the time I rushed in.

The first sticky note was a congratulatory message. Or at least I assumed it was since 70% of it was written in French. One day, I really had to tell Charli that my multilingual skills didn't exactly extend to her native tongue.

The second snowflake had me gulping.

Do you think smutty manga set in high school will be accepted by American TV audience?

Explain and present. Due Friday.

Just my luck to get this question...this would have been so much more suitable for Arian, who had no qualms talking about anything sexual in public. In last Friday's event, I totally heard her ask Constantijin very innocently if he thought her br**sts were too huge.

Yeah. I know. I totally wanted to puke after that.

Staring at Charli's troubling sticky note, I mulled over my choices. God, smut in high school was, like, so difficult to tackle. If you thought bedroom and smutty scenes in Gossip Girls or Vampire Diaries were hot, wait until you read shoujo manga by, say, Kanan Minami. That girl totally redefined high school sex.

Peeking at George, I saw him frowning similarly on his own snowflakes. "Huge assignment for Friday?"

He nodded, saying feelingly, "Super-y."

I laughed, the nervous knots in my stomach easing a bit at George's newest made-up word. I loved it when he did that. Glancing back at my LCD, I realized that I still had one Post-It left. Unfolding it, I recognized the bold scrawl immediately.

Constantijin.

Just the thought of him writing this note had me catching my breath. It felt like he was writing me a love letter, which was totally romantic and totally unlike him. I loved it.

MISS YOU.

I snatched my phone from my bag, unable to keep myself from replying.

Got your sticky note, I texted him.

He texted me back immediately. That's not the answer I was hoping for.

I didn't bother answering, but I was smiling the whole time I worked.

It was already half-past twelve by the time George nagged me to have lunch with him. Apparently, the official boyfriend of the guy from 25/F was having lunch here, which meant no playing hooky for George.

The cafeteria was noisier than usual, even for the usual lunch crowd. It seemed like everyone was still talking about last Friday's party, and everyone I passed by either congratulated me or stared at me. Well, most of the women stared at me. As for the men---

I found myself wriggling closer and closer to George until I was practically hiding behind him. It wasn't an easy feat, with my four-inch heels causing me to tower over him. Men actually nudged each other when I walked past them, and some of them even winked at me.

"You're an overnight sensation, honey," George exclaimed.

Boy, did I hope that was true. If it was, then that meant all this weird furor would be gone by tomorrow - right?

As George and I queued up at the American station, a voice behind me asked, "Late lunch?"

Oh my God, oh my God, oh my---

It was him. Of course it was him. I had recognized Constantijin's voice but a part of me couldn't believe I'd see him again this early.

Stay calm, stay calm, I told myself as I summoned up a smile to my lips, trying to ignore the way my heart was near to popping out of my chest in excitement. Constantijin looked utterly sophisticated and gorgeous in his black and white suit, minus his usual tie. His eyes possessively roamed over me, and I tried not to squirm when his gaze slowly traveled down my bare legs.

Remembering his question belatedly, I grabbed my just filled-up tray as I said, "Charli gave us a lot of work for this week."

He nodded sympathetically. "Friday's presentation, right?"

My eyes widened. "You'll be there?"

"Yanna," he said very gently, "do you think I'll ever miss a chance to see you shining?"

Oh, dear. Someone please help me keep my heart still or I'd be melting any second.

"Next," the waitress in front of me said impatiently. Then her eyes lit up when she saw Constantijin next to me. "Sir?" She bent close to take Constantijin's tray, and I reluctantly moved away.

"Enjoy your lunch, Yanna," he murmured.

"You, too," I said shyly.

He smiled.

I floated.

George had already found us a table, and he was grinning at me widely when I joined him.

"Your face is red," George told me as I placed my tray on the table.

"Is it?" I controlled the urge to fan myself. "It's just so hot, I guess."

George smirked.

"I mean it!"

"Yeah, yeah. I heard that before."

He made me feel defensive and embarrassed at the same time. About to dish out another retort, I found myself suddenly surrounded by a small group of guys, and I recognized them as some of the most recently hired batch of sales agents.

"Err...yes?" I asked hesitantly.

That seemed to be their cue and they all launched into their own conversations at once, making me giggle. A few minutes later, in the middle of an embarrassingly flattering conversation with the guys about how I so did not look pretty, my phone beeped.

Still f**king jealous.

I didn't reply, but those three words had me giddy and confused all day. One minute I was all excited, thinking about those words over and over. The next minute I was annoyed, telling myself that I shouldn't be this happy. If I sent Constantijin the same kind of text, he wouldn't be as happy as I was. He'd probably be, like, all arrogant and smirking, thinking it was time I admitted how irresistible he was.

The digital clock chimed at seven p.m. by the time I finished with work, and I was all alone in the office since George had already left an hour earlier. I stretched my arms over my head slowly and leisurely, savoring the release of tension from my muscles and joints.

Constantijin hadn't called me for, like, hours. I knew I shouldn't, like, be all messed up about it, but I was. And I was, like, super mad at myself for, like, caring---

Stop, Yanna. This see-saw thing Constantijin and I was in was turning me more and more into Alicia Silverstone during her Clueless days. Usually, when I panicked, I only got as far as sounding as Reese Witherspoon's Legally Blonde character. This was, like, so much worse.

Sighing, I clicked the function key shortcut to save my file and got to my feet. Relax, Yanna. I had to stop obsessing over Constantijin. I tiptoed, stretching again.

"Tired?"

I froze.

Oh. My. God.

Why was he here?

Turning around slowly, I saw Constantijin leaning against the doorway, minus his blazer, shirt hanging loose over his pants and several buttons undone, revealing more of his gloriously hard chest than usual.

"I thought you'd be out the whole day," I blurted out. He had texted me just this afternoon about having to leave the office early. I had texted back with a simple TC message, all the while trying not to think how boyfriend-like he sounded.

"I came here to pick up certain documents and I saw the lights were still on here."

"Oh." I started fixing my things. "So, where are you going next?"

"Yanna?"

"Mmm?"

He walked towards me and stopped just before my cubicle, leaving a few feet of distance between us.

For some reason, I hated that he did that - putting space between us. I knew it was silly of me, but that was how I felt.

"Why do I have a feeling that something's not right?" he drawled.

He was smart - really smart! I knew he couldn't have been a billionaire without being smart. I shrugged uneasily. "I don't know," I lied.

"Yanna." His voice held a warning note.

I continued fixing my things but it was a delaying tactic that couldn't last longer than a minute. I forced myself to look back at him. "It's just that---" Damn! How should I say this?

"What is it?"

"It's weird," I burst out.

He raised a brow.

The moment I started speaking, it was as if I couldn't stop. "Every time you look at me, it's weird! Every time, I think of you, it's weird! And I don't think it's fair because it's not as if you find it weird, too! You talk to me like it's an everyday thing and yet when I'm with you it's like I can't breathe!"

And then I realized what I had just revealed. I gasped and slapped my hands over my mouth. My super big tactless mouth!

But when I looked at Constantijin, he wasn't smiling like I feared he would. He actually looked...furious. "Maybe you're not just as sensitive as you think you are," he retorted.

"What?"

"How do you think I feel? All the f**king men here can look and talk to you freely but I'm not allowed to do that, am I? I'm the one who's courting you but I can't tell anyone that and I can't warn the other guys off!" He shot me another look of irritation. "And you think I'm not affected?"

Wow.

I wanted to throw myself at him after that but I controlled myself. It took every ounce of my control but I succeeded. "Good!"

He glared at me.

I lifted my shoulders helplessly. "Do you want me to lie? You're out of my league, Constantijin. So I'm really happy to see that I affect you."

"Will I f**king court you if you didn't?" he snarled.

I wanted to comfort him but I didn't know how. Or maybe I wasn't ready yet. I sighed. "I know you're impatient. But it's too soon. Just too soon." I looked at him pleadingly. "You understand, right?"

He placed his hands inside his pockets and nodded. "But you have to trust me one day. You either do or don't, Yanna. I know I f**ked up. I've already owed up to it. But we need to get past it. If you don't...then there's no point for me to continue courting you, right?"

I nodded.

We stared at each other, both our gazes shuttered to hide the emotions we were feeling. He said slowly, "Maybe I can drive you home tonight?"

Sports car or bus?

It was a no-brainer.

"Maybe next time," I replied just as slowly. Bus was so much safer for my heart.

He stiffened, and I knew it was because he wasn't the type who experienced rejection so easily.

I forced a smile. "So, see you tomorrow, all right?" I waited for him to leave, to say something - to do anything just so I could be more certain of where I stood with him.

Constantijin finally glanced at me, his face impassive. He stepped aside.

My heart skipped a beat, in a bad way. That felt very symbolic for me and for one instant, I could imagine how excruciating it would feel if he really did step aside and stopped coming after me.

"See you tomorrow," he said just as politely.

Walking past him with trembling legs, I felt his gaze on me all the way out of my office. I hated how he used to blow hot and cold with me, but now I realized that I was doing the same thing with him. It wasn't right and yet - everything else I could do felt wrong.

Something had to give, but I just wasn't sure what, and it scared me.

Lesson #8

The only kind of threesome that your billionaire understands

will have something to do with you and another woman.

The days of the week seemed especially long when I thought about Constantijin but it seemed too short when I focused on my work. I still couldn't make my mind up about him.

Did I trust him? Did I love him or was I just blinded by how gorgeous and seductive he was?

Tuesday was awkward. Constantijin had called me up, but he wasn't his usual wickedly teasing self and I had a feeling we were both relieved when he received an urgent request for a business meeting over Skype with his assistant in Netherlands.

Wednesday was slightly better. Constantijin had asked if I wanted to go out, and on impulse I invited him to accompany me to church. We knelt on the pew side by side, and when I looked at the enormous gold-plated crucifix before me, I realized that what I wanted to pray for was not something I should pray for.

I mean, God was, like, our Dad in heaven right? So I couldn't very well pray Dear God, please, please make things okay between Constantijin and me because I want him to be the one to take my virginity.

Thursday was also fine. We watched a movie. I waited with bated breath the whole time for Constantijin to make a move but he didn't. When we got home, I had a hard time remembering what the movie was about, but I could easily write a fifty-page commentary about how good Constantijin smelled. In the darkness of the theater, his scent - which had a hint of spiciness from his cologne - weaved a seductive spell that literally had me shaking in an effort not to be the first one to touch him.

Oh, Constantijin. What should I do with you?

And then Friday arrived, and I was about to make another presentation. We were in yet another conference room, bigger than the previous one we were in. I almost felt like Goldilocks, hopping from one increasingly large bed to another, only this time I got a stage that kept getting grander and grander. In fact, this one even had actual twenty-foot stage curtains.

I was up last again, and when I heard George finishing his presentation, I checked my reflection on the mirror one last time. I had on a short turtleneck black dress, with tight fitting long sleeves and which hugged my figure to perfection. I also had my reading glasses on - not because I needed it (I only used it at night) but more because I wanted to look sexy and serious at the same time.

Yes, I knew it was silly but so what? It was what gave me false confidence.

The Future of Smut: Japanese Style in the US Market

There are two ways of looking at Japanese styled smut. One is to consider it soft p**n or the more decent version of hentai. The other is to describe it as those containing suggestive or sexually explicit scenes that are nevertheless tastefully rendered and add something to the story.

Sex between high school couples on TV is something we're used to seeing - but not to the extent of how it's drawn in manga. It's a lot more graphic, sensual, sexy, and just plain hot - it can easily cause public outrage.

But...sex sells. And I know that at the end of the day, that matters a lot. If Kastein Inc. chooses to adapt smutty manga for American television, I only propose one thing: show the consequences of high school sex. If we have to make our own version of its ending, so be it. Parents can say all they want about the sex, but at least they can't ever blame our company for not taking the opportunity to educate younger viewers about the harsher realities of unprotected and unplanned sex.

When I finished my report, I almost cried. Sex was not a word I could so easily say to a roomful of people and for several times, my voice even cracked while I was talking. It was hard because I wasn't even sure if what I was suggesting was the right thing. All I knew was that it was what I believed in.

But then people started clapping as they got to their feet. When the lights were switched on, I immediately saw Constantijin standing at the back of the room, clapping as well, his eyes warm as he gazed at me.

As Charli took the stage, I could feel Constantijin's gaze following me, and I became even more flustered and giddy. When I got down, I turned towards his direction - and ended up staring at Arian, whose eyes threw daggers at me.

I quickly turned around and made a detour to George instead. Now was not yet the right time to have a face-off with her over Constantijin.

Charli joked about me being the right choice for such a topic. She said that I was a good symbol of America's "conservative regions" because I couldn't even utter the word 'sex' without cringing.

I blushed on cue and that got the whole crowd laughing even more.

Word quickly got around about the positive outcome of our conference. When George and I walked out of our office, almost everyone we passed by congratulated us.

Honestly, it made me feel like a superstar.

A superstar who was walking at snail's pace because there was this one person who hadn't congratulated me yet.

"Yanna?" George called impatiently.

I paused next to the drinking station. "Umm, I'm thirsty. I'll catch up with you in a bit." It was a lie, of course. I was waiting for Constantijin. Surely he should be appearing any moment now?

Bending down, I gulped several mouthfuls of water. By the time I straightened, someone already stood next to me. My heart started beating fast.

It was---

Not Constantijin.

Drake's grin turned wry. "Disappointed it's me?"

I was instantly horrified. "Oh, no! No, absolutely!" God, I sucked at lying.

His grin widened. "It's all right. I just wanted to congratulate you. I heard you did a really great job this afternoon."

"Thanks." I was doing my best not to blush but it was impossible. The way Drake looked at me never failed to make me feel desirable and self-conscious all at the same time. It was just too bad I already felt like I, well, belonged to someone else.

Drake cleared his throat and I glanced up in surprise because this was the first time he sounded less than his usual confident self.

"So...this is going to come out of the blue but I'd really love to take you out sometime - celebrate your future promotion maybe?"

"There's no promotion," I protested laughingly.

"But seriously, how about dinner?"

"Uhh..." And that was when I noticed Constantijin standing just a short distance away, his gaze shuttered. Oh, shit! Had he heard Drake asking me out?

Drake turned around curiously, following my gaze and was visibly startled when he saw Constantijin looking at us. "Mr. Kastein," he murmured in greeting.

Constantijin gave us a curt nod before walking back to his office.

Shit.

This was so not good.

Turning to Drake, I stammered, "I'm sorry I can't. I'm...I'm going out with someone already." There. I had said it. Oh my God - I had said I was going out with Constantijin Kastein!

Disappointment colored Drake's tone, making me feel guilty as he said graciously, "Ah. My loss then."

When he walked away, I glanced at the door to Constantijin's office expectantly, waiting for him to come out. But minutes passed and he didn't.

Oh.

Head bowed down in dismay, I slowly walked toward where George might still be waiting. Was he mad? Did he think I was---

The door to Constantijin's office opened as I almost walked past it. Before I knew it, I had already been hauled inside, the door slamming shut behind me, and Constantijin was scowling at me, a look of fury and jealousy in his face as he pushed me to the wall.

"Constantijin!"

"Did you say 'yes'?" he snarled, his hands slamming against the wall at each side of my head, effectively imprisoning me in the circle of his arms - and I knew that there was no better place I'd like to be.

Shaking my head, I said breathlessly, "No."

I so badly wanted him to kiss me now. In fact, I expected him to. Whenever he was jealous, that was what he did. But this time, he kept staring at me and I was starting to get nervous.

Constantijin suddenly stepped away.

My heart stilled.

"This isn't going to work."

Shit. Fuck. Damn. What was he saying?

It was ironic how those words also made me realize I was halfway to falling in love with Constantijin - had been so from the very start.

But I had my pride. So I pushed myself off the wall and said stiffly, "I see."

"It's useless," he continued, raking a hand through his hair. "I'm sorry, Yanna, I know I promised but---"

"It's okay," I told him tonelessly. What else was there to say? I sure as heck wasn't going to beg him to come back.

Constantijin's face showed his surprise. "It's okay?"

I forced myself to look nonplussed. "Yes."

He looked at me, eyes narrowed. "Then what's your answer?"

"I---" Wait. What did he say? I cleared my throat. "Well..." What did he mean?

"I don't need you to say you'll go out with me right away but if you could just give me a goddamn clue about how you feel," he muttered.

Constantijin tossed me an accusing glance. "The whole week had been f**king hard. It was hell not to touch you even though I had you alone with me all those nights. I wanted you to realize that it isn't just sex between us. I was willing to wait but when I saw that boy hitting on you again---"

He glanced at me, as if waiting for an answer. When I still didn't - couldn't - speak, he growled, "Say something, for f**k's sake!"

How could I when he had totally taken me by surprise? When he said things weren't working between us, my heart had died. And then now, he was saying in not so many words that all that he couldn't go on without me giving him even the smallest sign that we still had a chance to be together.

I wanted to laugh hysterically.

A chance?

Didn't he know he had hundreds of them, with how crazy I was about him?

I looked at him and felt my heart melting even more. He made my heart feel like ice cream fried by a desert sun, all soft and gooey with just one emotion-filled glance from his silvery eyes.

I inhaled deeply several times.

Okay, I'm ready for this.

Not.

I inhaled several times more.

"Yanna?" His tone was alarmed.

I supposed I looked like a ghost right now. I could actually feel the blood leaving my system and I was just contemplating what I was about to do. This was such a huge step for me.

"I...I..." I couldn't say it!

So I decided to just do it instead.

"Yan---" He grunted, his turn to be taken by surprise as I flung myself at him, my lips fortunately landing squarely on his lips. My tongue immediately darted inside his mouth, and I felt him gasp against my lips. That had me smiling and I closed my eyes in utter bliss when Constantijin recovered from his shock and took over, his hands immediately hauling me close as he deepened the kiss, his tongue dancing with mine.

"Is this for real?" he whispered against my lips.

"Yes," I choked out.

The kiss changed from sweet to hot in an instant. Constantijin had my blouse unbuttoned in seconds, throwing it with my bra to the floor, and then he was staring at my br**sts almost worshipfully.

"Constantijin." I could feel myself blushing all over at his stare.

"Hold your br**sts for me," he ordered, his voice strongly accented.

With shaking hands, I followed his command, plumping my br**sts up as if waiting for his approval.

A low sexy growl escaped his mouth, making my toes curl, and then he was sucking my already pointed nipple. I threw back my head and moaned.

This made him suck harder and of course it made me moan louder. It was a cycle that had us both panting in desire in seconds. He swept me in his arms and mine went around his neck. I was still breathing hard, my br**sts crazily sensitive and aching every time I bounced in his arms as he moved.

Constantijin used his foot to pull his executive chair from behind the desk and into the middle of the room. He lowered me gently to it and I watched in breathless fascination as he pulled my skirt and lacy briefs down, tossing them to the floor as well.

Then he was staring at my sex.

I immediately tried to close my thighs, but his harsh-sounding 'no' stopped me.

"Place your legs over the arm rests, Yanna."

I froze.

Constantijin's face was implacable. "Do it."

Slowly, I lifted my legs and placed one on each armrest.

"Open wider."

Striving to get past my embarrassment, I pushed my thighs to open wider with my hands. I gasped when Constantijin suddenly knelt down and I gasped again when he parted my folds as widely open as my thighs.

"Constantijin!" I had to scream his name. It was impossible not to, with his tongue entering my fully opened sex.

He lifted his head, his eyes glittering with fierce desire as he warned me with silky softness, "Don't let go of your thighs. Keep it open for me."

My entire body shaking, I pressed my hands harder against my thighs to keep it spread open, whimpering as I saw his head slowly descending. And then his tongue was on me again and I screamed. He was unmerciful, his tongue thrusting in and out in a furiously fast rhythm that had the entire room whirling around me.

I was so out of my mind with desire and I felt myself perversely pulling my thighs wider open even though what I really wanted to do was to grasp his hair so I could make him kiss me more deeply.

Constantijin lifted his head again. "Do you like it?"

"Wh-what do you think?" I managed to gasp.

"What do I think?" he murmured. "I think I want you to beg."

The smirk I hated and loved was on his face and I retorted breathlessly, "Not on your---aaaah." Constantijin was now sucking my cl*t while shoving one finger into me at the same time. My h*ps rose to meet his mouth and finger even as I kept pushing them to spread wider.

"Wider," he commanded between sucking hard on my cl*t and I struggled to obey him even though I felt myself stretched beyond my limits.

"Are you ready to come, Yanna?"

"Yes," I cried out. I was gone now, every common sense obliterated by my need for him and what he could do to my body.

"Beg for it," he growled.

"Constantijin, please!"

One hand went under my bu**ocks and then he was lifting me up at the same time he bit my clit, his other fingers thrusting in deep and hard into my core. I screamed as I shattered, my hands instinctively pressing my legs flat on the armrest as my essence kept pouring out.

I woke up in Constantijin's arms in his couch, spread on top of him like a harem slave intent on being turned into a human blanket. I blinked, a little dazed at first and then I was blushing when I saw his smile. It made me remember what had just happened.

"Welcome back, schat." He pressed a kiss to my hair.

My entire body tingled at his kiss. I was still completely na**d and he was still fully dressed. It should have felt wrong but it didn't. I wrapped my arms more tightly around him. A surprised-sounding chuckle escaped him before he wrapped his arms around me as well.

I snuggled closer, mostly because I liked knowing that I had the right to do this.

"Damn, but you feel f**king good in my arms."

I giggled.

He lifted my chin, and my breath caught at the gentle smile on his lips. "It's true."

Oh, Lord. Constantijin in a tender mood was a sight to behold.

"It feels good, too," I admitted shyly.

As the minutes passed, I found myself slowly getting panicking. What had I done? What was going to happen? There was no turning back now! Oh my God, I was going to have sex with Constantijin someday!

"What are you thinking?"

"That you'd take my virginity someday?" Oh, f**k. What did I say?

Constantijin choked.

And under me, I felt him stirring to life.

I blushed.

Seeing that, he grinned. Cupping my face, Constantijin said, "It's not the right time yet but soon - very soon - I will take your virginity."

Faking a frown, I retorted, "Confident much?"

A slow, sexy, and unapologetically confident grin was his only answer. It was enough to have my body heat up. Then his eyes trailed down, and I gasped, remembering belatedly that I was still na**d and he was not.

I looked around wildly, wondering how I could get myself dressed again when my clothes were all over his office.

Constantijin chuckled. "Let me help you dress, sweetheart." He stood right after, carrying me in his arms effortlessly before letting me carefully slide down to my feet. I stood there, feeling even shyer as he picked up my bra first.

My body tingled as Constantijin pressed one kiss on each nipple before putting my bra back on and even clipping it for me.

Then he knelt down.

"Constantijin!" But it was too late. My hands curled around his shoulders helplessly as he tongued my cl*t playfully and sweetly, nipping it before letting go and grinning up at me.

Breathless and aching, I glared down at him. "You..." Words failed me and I could only continue glaring at him impotently as he lifted one of my legs up, pressing a tender kiss on my foot before putting my lacy briefs back on. When both legs were in, Constantijin pulled it up with exquisite slowness, placing more tender kisses on my skin as I did. By the time he was done, I was a shaking mess, and all I could think about was why? Why wasn't he going to take my virginity now?

Oh, Lord. Why did nobody tell me sexual infatuation didn't just make fools of us? It made sluts of us, too!

He chuckled again, and when our eyes met I had a sinking feeling he knew exactly what my thoughts were.

"I want to savor you, sweetheart," he murmured even as he gently fixed the collar of my blouse.

I was fascinated with every movement of his hand and more so by the thoughts and feelings behind his actions. Constantijin Kastein was fixing my collar. Constantijin, who practically delegated everything he had to do to his countless minions.

Oh, the mind boggled!

"...Yanna?"

I blinked up at him. "Sorry?"

He frowned. "I asked you a question."

Giving him a sheepish smile, I said, "Sorry, I was..." I bit my lip, not wanting to let him know how near to obsessed I was with every little thing he did.

He raised a brow.

God, even that small action was sexy - enough to have my body tingling again. "I was just thinking," I heard myself saying - well, fine, lying - "what others would say if we get caught."

His eyes narrowed. "Get caught...by whom? The boy who keeps hitting on you?"

It honestly took me more than a few seconds to remember who he was referring as a 'boy'. Laughingly, I said, "You and I both know Drake is not a boy, Constantijin. And no - I wasn't referring to him. I'm referring to everyone working here."

"He is a boy and as for everyone else, what is there to worry about? You are my woman. That is all they have to know."

I shook my head stubbornly. "No. It's too soon. We have to give...give this thing between us some time - give us time to adjust before we let others know about it."

He took a long hard look at my face. "Yanna - I mean it when I said I will not make the same mistakes again. From here on, it will just be you and I. The two of us - no other women..." His eyes narrowed once more, his voice chilling as he finished, "And I will not tolerate any other man in your life. I do not even want to see you glance at any other man or even hear another man's name on your tongue."

The possessiveness in Constantijin's gaze and words made me shiver, but it wasn't fear I was feeling. A part of me still couldn't believe that he wanted me - that I mattered to him enough for him to dislike the idea of me having anything to do with any other man.

But I had to stand my ground on this. If things got bad between us again, I knew I would be the one suffering more between the two of us. "Just...just give me at least a week. Please?"

Just when I thought I had hit a brick wall Constantijin's expression relented, softening marginally as he said, "A week. And that's it." Curving an arm around my waist, he walked us out of his office, letting me go only to lock the door before pulling me close again.

When I turned around, I almost jumped in fright since the boy Constantijin so loved talking about was in front of us, a quizzical look on his face.

He wasn't alone either.

Behind him, I saw at least five familiar faces from Finance, the department Drake worked in as well.

Oh, shit.

This was what I so didn't want to happen. I believed Constantijin when he told me he was going to be faithful to me, but --- intentions were just that - intentions. The truth was, I didn't have yet the courage to have everyone know that Constantijin and I were dating. If he ended up breaking my heart again, people wouldn't think I was a girlfriend he dumped. Everyone would think I was the floozy who didn't know better, getting what I deserved.

"Hello, Yanna." Drake's drawl made me look back at him, and the smile in his face was as friendly and as flattering as before. He had his blazer draped on one arm while holding his brief case and several folders. His polo had its sleeves rolled to his elbows, its tails hanging loose over his pants, and unbuttoned low enough to reveal a sprinkling of chest hair.

Honestly, I'd be such a liar if I said that I wasn't momentarily dazzled at how sexy Drake looked right now.

"We just finished brainstorming," he continued.

The way his gaze lingered on my body, the way his eyes were so shamelessly appreciating every curve and inch of skin he saw - I couldn't help but blush.

Behind me, I felt Constantijin suddenly tense, as if he had sensed my blushes and didn't like it.

Oh, shit.

Realizing that Drake was waiting for me to answer, I stammered, "I...was working overtime for, uhh, Mr. Kastein. He wanted me t-to provide the latest work schedules of the cast for the potential TV adaptation of Hana Kimi for U.S."

In the periphery of my eye, I saw Constantijin finally turn around. When I saw him about to curve his arm around my waist, I panicked and moved away before he could reach me.

Drake blinked when I was suddenly several feet away from all of them and just a short distance away from the reception area. "Are you in a hurry to go home?"

Trying to ignore the daggers shooting from Constantijin's eyes, I said, "Umm, yes." I opened my mouth to say goodbye, but Drake beat me to speaking.

"Let me drive you home then. I know you just take the bus but at this time of the night - even independent girls like you need to take more care." By the time I managed to close my gaping mouth, my mind whirling at the unexpected turn of events, Drake had already reached my side and taking my bag from me.

"B-but..."

"I'll worry about you endlessly if I let you go home alone tonight," Drake murmured.

Oh, oh, shit.

Constantijin wasn't just glaring daggers at me now. He was literally trying to kill me with his glare, and I knew that it was just going to get worse.

Drake was talking to one of his colleague, leaving last-minute instructions for the minutes of their meeting. A chorus of goodnights followed and then Drake was saying, "You, too, sir. Good night, Mr. Kastein."

My phone vibrated inside my bag and I hastily fumbled for it, knowing who it was.

If you f**king dare leave with that boy...

Oh, oh, oh, shit!

Didn't he know I had no choice but to f**king leave with this boy - I mean, man? It was too soon for us to go public. It was just too soon, with the wounds he left in my heart too raw, and the memories of the times he had turned me down and pushed me away too fresh.

The elevator's arrival chime snatched me out of my reverie. By the time I recovered my senses, Drake was already inside the elevator, holding the open button. "Yanna?"

I stepped inside.

The last thing I saw was Constantijin's cold and impassive face before the elevator's doors closed on us. With the others already walking past Constantijin, their backs to us, I allowed myself to plead with him with my eyes. A week, I tried to communicate with him mentally.

But Constantijin only stared, not a flicker of expression on his face to tell me I had reached him. When the elevator's doors finally closed shut, I felt like it was permanently keeping us apart this time.

"Are you all right, Yanna?" Drake asked beside me.

No. I was not. I just had the best moments of my life a while ago and now I was having my worst.

Was it going to be like this between Constantijin and me time and time again? Did it always have to be a battle between the two of us?

Forcing myself to smile at Drake, I lied, "I'm okay. Just tired." Almost unconsciously, I found myself texting Constantijin.

A week, I typed. You promised me a week of just keeping things between the two of us, and that seven-day period started tonight.

But he didn't reply, even though I waited till the very next morning for even the smallest sign that there was still something worth waiting for.

Lesson #9

Billionaires don't lick their wounds when they are hurt. They get even.

"Are you seeing this?" I shrieked at Daria and Alyx, who I was videoconferencing on my iPad, as I pointed towards the TV.

Alyx laughed so loudly I was tempted to flick her face on the screen. "You're such a kid. You're actually jumping!"

"I can't help it!" I was so mad I wished the floor under my feet could turn into the hard, tone, sluttish body of a guy named Constantijin Kastein.

"He was courting me and now he's out with another girl! On TV!" Glaring at the screen, I hissed, "Man-whore."

Daria was grinning. Tall with short curly hair and sparkling gray eyes, she was the most outspoken in our little group. She was also dangerously impulsive, but Alyx and I hoped marriage could curb that somewhat.

"You should gatecrash the event, show him who's the boss," she suggested.

Or not.

"Get real. I can't gatecrash his dad's fundraiser."

"You know, I think she's right," Alyx intruded as she pushed a wide hair band up her boyishly cut hair. As she started slapping cream on her face - one of her hundreds of rituals before going to sleep - Alyx added, "He can't do this every time you two quarrel or have a misunderstanding."

I shook my head. Just the thought of gatecrashing - and putting myself out there for Constantijin to humiliate - had me hyperventilating.

Daria bent forward, her eyes narrowing. "Yanna, I can see you panicking from here."

If that was true, then she had better eyesight than Clark Kent since Daria had her iPad positioned somewhat far away from her. I could practically see the entire bed she was seated cross-legged on, which was so enormous it could probably fit an entire football squad.

From Daria's side of the screen, I heard something popping in the background, followed by the clink of glass and then the Greek-accented tone of Daria's tycoon hubby. "Why is Yanna panicking?" Nik asked as he came into view, wearing an unbuttoned white polo shirt and jeans. Tall, dark, gorgeous and an alpha male to the core, he used to be the world's greatest jerk. Even I hated him, and it took a lot for me to say the H-word. A misunderstanding had caused Nik to mistake Daria for a gold-digging nymphomaniac and he had treated her like shit. Thankfully, true love - and a good dose of truth - had reformed him, and there was no doubting that when you looked at how Nik acted around his wife these days.

Taking a seat next to Daria on their bed, Nik handed her a glass of champagne and pressed a kiss on her forehead.

For a moment, I had to close my eyes, not wanting my friends to see how totally envious I suddenly felt about the closeness between the months-old married couple.

I made myself look at them when Nik spoke again. "Hi, Alyx, Yanna."

Alyx flashed him a thumbs-up sign. "Hey, Nik. So how many is it for today?"

Daria groaned, Nik grinned, and I frowned in complete confusion. "How many what?"

"Seven," Nik answered, his grin widening.

Daria groaned again.

"Seven what?" I demanded.

Alyx said patiently, "Seven orgasms for Daria today."

This time, I joined Daria with the groaning. "Really, Alyx? You really had to ask him that?"

"I was just curious! Daria used to hate---"

"Oh, look, Constantijin's date is totally raping him on TV!" Daria burst out.

We all looked, and even though I hoped it was just her way of changing the subject - it wasn't.

My chest hurt more and more as I continued watching Constantijin's date - surprise, surprise, yet another blonde bimbo - grind her lips on his. Those lips were mine! Or at least they had been a few days ago. More seconds passed, and the camera continued to focus on their liplock.

Seriously, when had lifestyle shows become an extension of Playboy Channel? Couldn't they see that her hand was just inches away from grasping his---

In a smooth move, Constantijin had forced his date to release him the same time he subtly slapped her hand away.

"Slut," I growled.

"Who?" Alyx asked innocently as she rubbed more cream on her forehead. Her face was now 25% flesh, 75% blue goo. "Constantijin or his date?"

"Both!"

"Yanna, stop jumping. You're giving me a headache." Daria turned to Nik. "What do you think? You know how Yanna dumped Constantijin for her Mr. Fix It, right?"

"I did not dump him." I tightened the sash of my night robe, wishing it was a noose around Constantijin's neck.

"Why do you call the boy Mr. Fix It?" Nik asked at the same time.

"He's not a boy," I groaned. God! Sometimes, Nik was too much like Constantijin I almost didn't want to talk to him.

"Because he keeps appearing at the right time and place to play knight in shining armor for Yanna," Daria explained.

"Ah."

"That doesn't sound like a good 'ah'," I said with a scowl.

"Because it isn't," Nik answered readily. As he scooped Daria onto his lap, he continued, "I know how Kastein feels, Yanna. If there's one thing men like me can be uncomfortable about---"

"He means insecure," his wife added.

"---then it would be boys who are a lot nicer than we could ever be. That's one thing we can't really beat and if you chose Mr. Fix It over him that time, who's to say you won't do it again when he screws up the next time?"

"But it wasn't like that," I protested. "I didn't choose Mr. Fix---I mean Drake---over him. I just thought it was a good idea to leave with Drake so that no one's going to be suspicious about us."

"And that's one more thing," Nik said triumphantly.

Alyx smirked. "Why do I have a feeling that billionaires with the same arrogant feathers stick together?"

But Nik only smirked back. "Alyx, Alyx," he purred in a voice so seductive it made me squirm uncomfortably. This was my first glimpse of how, err, attractive Nik could be if he really put his mind to it.

"Everything about you tells me that when it's your turn to fall in love, you'll have the hardest time. You'll choose a billionaire who's even a bigger jerk than I was - or even more than Kastein."

Alyx lifted her chin. "You wish."

Daria cleared her throat. "Okay, break it up, you guys. We do not want you two losing sleep again on another endless WiFi rematch of Wii Boxing."

Seeing Daria's meaningful gaze on me, I did my referee bit as well, adding, "And tonight's video call is all about me, right?" As soon as the words came out, a wave of depression hit me, and my voice trailed off.

This call was about me because - frankly - I was at the end of my tether. It was terrifying, the way I couldn't stop thinking about him, the way I couldn't stop hurting with every second that Constantijin wasn't next to me.

"Yanna." Nik sounded sober.

I managed a smile. "Yeah?"

"The other thing I was telling you about---well, we can't handle being kept as a secret. That's why men make poor mistresses." He grimaced. "You probably made him feel you were ashamed---"

"Ashamed of what? Him?" I pointed at the screen, which was still on Constantijin since it was an hour-long coverage on the show's top picks for the sexiest men on the planet.

The TV showed a shot of him in a fashion event last winter. His golden copper-tinted hair was slightly longer than usual, with a rearview shot of Constantijin revealing how his curls brushed past his snowy-white scarf. His beautifully fit black trench coat made his shoulders appear even broader and was an exquisite contrast to the light pink shade of his shirt and gray pants.

He was unbelievably beautiful, and the fact that he had been mine - even briefly - made it hard for me to breathe.

"Yes, Yanna, he could have thought that. Kastein isn't perfect - no one is. We all have our secrets. Flaws. Weaknesses - and you could be one of them."

Chewing on my lip, I slowly asked, "Are you saying I should really gatecrash the fundraiser?"

Nik glanced at Daria and a smile immediately appeared on her face.

"Yuck," Alyx muttered. "They're communicating silently."

Ignoring that, Daria told me, "Yanna, baby, this is one of those times you should be happy you have an arrogant billionaire as one of your friends."

~~~

I'm not gatecrashing. I repeated the words in my mind over and over, but they weren't enough to dispel the anxiety squeezing my chest as I stammered my name.

The man in a tux flipped a couple of pages. "Right. Ticket please?"

A couple of other guests walked past me as I took out the glossy piece of paper that had cost Nik two thousand dollars to purchase. I guess their face value was a lot higher than mine. Honestly, the admission price for Erik Kastein's fundraiser astounded me. In fact, it made me want to back out, but Nik had gone on to buy it, saying that it was for a good cause anyway.

The security officer scanned my ticket before looking back at me with a respectful smile. "Thank you, Ms. Everleigh. Enjoy your night."

He pressed a button that had the tinted glass doors sliding open. I stepped in and found myself in a strange glittering world. So this was how the rich and famous partied.

In my mind, fundraisers were colorless and boring, occasions where you weren't supposed to show your teeth when you smiled. But this fundraiser - it was out of this world, or maybe the Kasteins just really knew how to throw a good party.

Constantijin's father had booked an entire museum for his fundraiser and transformed it into some kind of black-and-white paradise. The walls were covered with black-and-white striped velvet while the floor sparkled like pearls. On one side, the black-glass buffet table was illuminated from below, making it seem as if the rows of cocktail dishes were floating on a sea of gold and onyx.

Everywhere around me were Kens and Barbies of all shapes and sizes. They could be size 1 to 10, but they still seemed perfect in a shiny, waxy kind of way - if I bumped into any one of them, I was afraid they'd shatter.

I started forward, craning my neck once in a while in hopes of catching a glimpse of a familiar head of gold and copper hair.

I'm not gatecrashing, I'm not gatecrashing, I'm not---

I accidentally tripped on the hem of my own gown - a strapless two-toned creation that Daria had shipped to me all the way from Athens - causing me to stumble into a waiter, who lost hold of his tray of champagne flutes. They crashed on the floor, and all eyes were suddenly on us.

Including the silvery gaze that had been haunting me in my dreams.

Constantijin stared at me. He was dressed all in white, which should have made him look utterly ridiculous, but no. He didn't. He looked perfect. At that moment, I realized just how much I had missed him - still missed him. He turned my life upside down with just one glance, made me come alive with a single touch -

And when Constantijin turned away, he broke my heart all over again in a single instance.

A soundless gasp was torn out of me. People were snickering all around me, and the silent and insolent stares were even worse. I lifted a hand, searching sightlessly for something to hold on to, but I dropped it again when I realized that I would only be able to grasp air.

Someone suddenly took hold of my hand.

I looked up, and my lips parted in shock. This had to be the worst coincidence in my entire life. "Drake?"

A familiar wry smile touched his face. "Don't sound too happy."

My cheeks flushed red. God, what a bitch I was. Drake Morrison would have been quite a catch in any woman's eyes. He even looked more gorgeous when he was dressed formally, and he still wasn't doing anything to hide how much he, umm, enjoyed my company.

"Sorry, Drake. I didn't mean..." With a sigh, I confessed, "You just have the best and worst timing, Drake."

His smile turned into a grin. "Because Kastein keeps catching you in my company?"

My eyes widened. "How did you---" I paled. "Did I give myself away?"

He shook his head. "Relax, Yanna. Neither of you gave yourselves away. But I like you - a lot - and because of that, I see things more than other people do."

"It's not what you think."

He raised a brow.

"Really. We're not...we're just dating."

"Not exclusively?"

Thinking about the latest blond bombshell I had seen him on TV with, I answered slowly, "No." Saying it out loud hurt, and it made me unconsciously search for Constantijin again, as if I really had to confirm the truth of what I was saying with my eyes. I needed to see him with another woman - in person. If I did, maybe I could finally give up on him.

It didn't take more than a second to find Constantijin, as if fate was just waiting to give us a chance for our gazes to collide. He stood poised on another pair of glass doors that led into the museum's conservatory.

I knew I wasn't the only one looking at him. There were so many others - it was a gut feeling I had. But Constantijin only had eyes for me.

Oh my God.

The raw emotions in his gaze made me catch my breath, but then Constantijin suddenly turned away, with such abruptness he almost appeared rough, nothing like the utterly urbane and larger-than-life billionaire he was known to be.

When he disappeared through another set of doors, I knew he had decided to walk away for me yet another time - maybe for good.

"Drake, I'm sorry---I have to go," I choked out even as I was unable to take my gaze off the doors that Constantijin had just gone past.

Tears burned my eyes, and I did my best to blink them away before they could ruin my mascara and I ended up looking like someone who just escaped from an asylum and security would have to kick out of the party.

Behind me, Drake said in a quiet voice, "Go get him."

It made me look at him over my shoulder with a wobbly smile. One day soon, I really had to ask him why he seemed to know me so well, why he always seemed to be there for me at the right time and place.

But not now - not when I finally accepted what my subconscious had known all along.

My feet started to move, the heaviness inside of me dissipating with every step I took towards the man whose gorgeous face hid a wealth of heartbreaking faults.

This time would be different. This time I'd court him myself if I had to because this time, for better or for worse---this time I knew I was in love with him.

