Chapter 1

The BART train screamed as it ground to a halt. A gust of wind blew across the platform and whipped my hair around my face. The metro's metallic high shriek and the sound of scattered dry leaves sliding down the pavement made my teeth grind together. The doors hissed open and I walked inside the battered, heated car, trying to find a seat away from the door.

I had a love and hate relationship with the BART. Relying on the aging public transportation system to get around wasn't exactly a pleasant experience. The seat cushions were old and stained, and if you didn't have a seat, then people with varying degrees of hygiene crammed against you. I sat down as if the BART seat was a pincushion and recoiled as someone next to me coughed. Thousands of people depended on it for transportation into the city, and it was frequently the target of delays and strikes. It cost me over ten dollars to ride into the city, and paying a bridge toll and overpriced city parking was an unaffordable luxury.

I was riding the BART to my college campus as a last-ditch effort towards finding a damn job. On Friday, I wrote to my old professor in a melancholy, drunk-infused haze and he finally replied last night. The late night Sunday response from my English professor surprised me. I didn't think he would get back to me in time, but I scheduled a meeting for nine, which unfortunately was the time most people commuted to the city for work. In a few stops, the BART would be jam-packed with hordes of people, pressed up against each other like sardines in a can.

Maybe I would walk along Embarcadero and visit Pier 39 for clam chowder after the meeting. Even though it was always packed with tourists, I always loved walking there and breathing in the clean air. On a clear day like this one, the sun would light up the pier like a gem. In the distance, crystal waves would crash on the rocky shores surrounding Alcatraz. To Northern Californians, San Francisco was the place that promised a path to success. If you lived there, you had it made in life.

When I was in school, I used to dream about the day when I'd be able to afford an apartment. In a city where rent cost at least three thousand a month for a studio apartment, only a few could afford it without sharing expenses with several roommates. Still, the city was the goal. Even though it was a short BART trip away, everyone wanted to live there.

The train emptied nearly an hour later when the majority of passengers got off at Market or Powell, but I had to take the train all the way to the end of the line. Freezing mist greeted me as I exited the train and made my way through the station to the street. I clutched the resume I spent the morning scrambling to finish in my folder as I climbed into the shuttle bus that would take me to the dreary gray college campus I thought I'd never see again.

After you get a Bachelor's degree, you're supposed to be qualified for a job. With the economy in the tank as it was, none of my English major friends got jobs. Some switched to other careers, while others applied to grad school and retreated into the false security it provided. I felt cheated somehow.

A sick feeling riled my stomach as I thought about what I would say to Professor Lark. I did well in his class and he always encouraged me to follow my dreams, but there was the possibility that nothing would come out of it. He'll know someone, or something. It'll be fine.

I walked across the campus and opened the door to the English department. As I walked down the hallway, I saw many professors I recognized at their desks, some in meetings with students. It was really strange to be back here. Asking for help from my professor felt like a step backwards. Why was I doing this? The sick feeling in my stomach rose sharply. I didn't belong here anymore.

I was here because I didn't have a choice. It was this or I was going to send in applications to the local Chili's. I stopped behind Professor Lark's door, my heart beating rather fast.

Pull yourself together!

I heaved a great sigh and nodded to myself. Then I raised my fist and knocked three sharp raps.

"C'min."

Professor Lark wheeled around in his chair and smiled as I entered the door. "Jessica, how are you?"

"Good," I lied as I hitched up a grin on my face. My hand tightened over my resume. "How are your classes?" I asked as I sat down across from his desk.

He was young for a college professor, with thick brown hair and an attractive face. Professor Lark was known for being easygoing and fair, and as a result he was one of the most popular professors. Everyone liked him.

I envied that. I had never been charismatic-my upbringing was painful. I could never treat strangers with such open kindness. I was quiet in class, but I wrote well.

He waved his hand and an irritated look crossed his face. "The furloughs have been really frustrating, as you probably know. But otherwise, it's been fine. How goes your internship?"

My face fell as the burn of failure heated my chest. "Well, I was there for a year and they told me they didn't have a paid position available. So I was forced to quit."

He frowned. "I'm sorry to hear that. At least it will look good on your resume."

A sting of anger punctured my self-pity. Didn't anyone understand that I couldn't live on unpaid internships, no matter how good they looked on my resume? "That's sort of why I'm here." I swallowed. "I've been applying to editing jobs, even technical writing, and I'm having a really hard time. It's been a year since I left my internship and I haven't found anything."

The panic I'd been feeling crept into my voice. Professor Lark looked sympathetic, but I didn't see anything in his face that gave me hope.

"Perhaps you should get a job while you continue searching. I'm sorry, Jessica. But I don't think I'll be much help. Have you tried looking in the career center?"

"Do you have any contacts in the industry? Anyone you could send my resume to? I already tried the career center."

He took the resume from my hands, avoiding my eyes as he scanned it. "I've been out of touch with the industry for a few years, Jessica. I'm really sorry that you came all this way for this. The only thing I can suggest-"

My heart swelled with hope.

"-is to keep trying. Get a paying job anywhere, it doesn't matter. On the side, get another internship or a volunteering gig at a publisher. Just keep at it. You have to gain more experience."

I felt hollow. My head nodded as if I was hearing life-saving advice I hadn't heard before. I couldn't count how many times I've heard, "Don't give up" or "Keep trying." One of these days, someone will see how dedicated you are. Or, you know, they won't. It was all bullshit, all of the optimistic hopes of people who had their lives together and really didn't understand what I was going through.

I stood up abruptly, fighting to keep my face from crumbling. From the look on his face, I was probably failing. "Thanks, professor," I said in a horribly cheery voice. "Yeah, that makes sense."

My words echoed hollowly in the small office. I looked around at the dank office, taking in the battered books and how tired he looked, as if his job had prematurely aged him. Why had I come here? He had never even been published. He was just as much as a failure as I was.

"Jessica, wait!"

"Bye professor!"

I pretended not to hear him as I dashed out of the office. Pressure was building up behind my eyes and I felt myself gasping for breath. I thought suddenly of the Golden Gate Bridge and saw my body leaping off the red bars to be swallowed by the icy waters. Everything will be fine. I would go to the library and research. I'll spend the whole day there if I have to. Clearly, I couldn't count on anyone for help. I was on my own, just like I always had been.

Once I entered the library, I felt a bit calmer. The library was my sanctuary. When I was young, I spent whole days away from home at the library. It was easy to crack a book open and dive into the story for hours, and escape. When the library closed at five, only then would I return home. I could still remember how sick I felt when my feet brought me closer and closer to my home.

I slid into a chair and logged onto the computer. Someone had left a Time magazine on the desk and I pushed it aside. The computer monitor burned my eyes as I scoured every website I knew for editing jobs and found a few that I had overlooked before. I spent hours typing up cover letters and sent half a dozen emails. I also sent my resume to other non-editing jobs. Professor Lark was right; I couldn't afford to keep waiting for my dream job.

I grabbed the mug of coffee I brought with me, which was now stone cold, and knocked over the magazine so that the cover landed face-up. An article caught my eye.

How I Became a Millionaire's Sugarbaby

Intrigued, I flipped the pages to the article and read one of the enlarged quotes:

"I make about $5000 a month, which doubles when I travel with him."

Holy shit.

My eyes scanned the article quickly, as if I was the first one to learn this secret. The article was about sugarbaby websites, where the world's richest men would 'hire' young women to go on dates with them at the most exclusive restaurants, or as companions when they traveled for business. The woman in the article claimed that she had never had sex with her clients. Women who became sugarbabies were usually college-age. They needed to pay for their college tuition, or their credit card debt, or whatever.

This can't be real.

I immediately clicked to one of the websites they mentioned, . I gaped as I scrolled through the list of "gentlemen" and saw their profile pictures, their net worth, and their location. Apparently, the website did background checks on their millionaires' tax records to make sure that their income was legitimate.

My mouth watered as I thought of what I could do with five thousand dollars a month. This couldn't be real. It was too easy. They probably all have sex with the millionaires, making them little more than prostitutes.

I imagined myself on the arm of a sixty-year-old man and my guts twisted. But really, who cared how old he was? I could go on a couple dates with him. It's not like I was signing a contract to go home with him.

This is a really stupid idea.

But I could choose whom I went out with. He didn't have to be sixty years old.

I took the Time magazine with me, stuffing it into my bag. It wasn't the first time I had ever stolen something, but I still felt a little guilty.

Like a zombie, I walked back to the shuttle and returned to the BART. I was so out of it that I almost got off the wrong stop. A battle raged inside me as I took the BART home, wondering whether I should tell Natalie or not. I knew that she would not approve.

Jessica, don't be stupid. This is just an escort site disguised as something else.

A part of me was scared that I was considering doing something so desperate. But my situation was truly desperate. I needed a job. I had no desire to return to retail. This seemed like such an easy thing. A couple dates a month for a fat paycheck. I could at least try it. If I was uncomfortable with the experience, I could just delete my profile and never do it again.

You've lost your damn mind.

I ignored Natalie's voice as I unlocked the door to my apartment and walked inside. It was a grimy, two-bedroom apartment in the East Bay that I could barely afford. Though Natalie's parents were well off, they had the opinion that once you turned eighteen, you were on your own. As a result, our apartment looked like shit. A moth-eaten sofa that might have once been beige laid in the living room, and a chipped, circular wooden table surrounded by fold-up chairs sat in the linoleum kitchen. That was it. We didn't even have a coffee table.

Natalie, my best friend and roommate, was in the kitchen, eating leftovers. I couldn't believe how late it was. It was almost suppertime. How many hours had I spent in that library researching?

"Hey," she said from the table. "How'd it go?"

So well that I'm considering prostituting myself. I shook my head. "He can't help me. I'll have to figure something out."

Her face fell and she shook her head. I was dying to tell her about what I had read in the magazine. The secret was burning a hole in my bag where I had stashed the magazine.

Instead, I crossed the room and sat on the couch. I didn't feel very hungry. Sometimes, I felt so tired that I didn't have the energy to contemplate hunger. Besides, the article had filled me with something so much more substantial than food-hope.

I turned the TV on and left it on the Entertainment Tonight channel, not really caring about what I was watching. Natalie sat down next to me with a bottle of beer.

"I applied to a bunch of jobs and stuff while I was at the library."

She said nothing for a while. "That's good."

There was a montage of an extremely handsome, well-dressed man on the screen.

"God, look at this guy."

I snapped my attention to the program.

"Billionaire playboy Luke Pardini was spotted partying in San Francisco last night."

The screen flashed a series of images of a young, twenty-something man stumbling out of nightclub with tall, gorgeous women hanging on each arm.

"The troubled billionaire left Ruby Skye with two employees at 3am and was seen entering a Pardini hotel in Union Square. Luke's father, Giacomo Pardini, is the owner of the multi-billion dollar hotel industry. Last year, he was diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. The business magnate has had a reportedly strained relationship with his son, who is expected to take over Pardini Worldwide."

"He's like Bruce Wayne." Natalie sniggered as she took a swig of her bottle.

Yes, he was just like him: rich, famous, handsome, and a playboy. The difference was that Bruce Wayne had an important job-defending Gotham from evil villains. Luke had grown up with money and would always be rich, even if he never shouldered any real responsibility. My mind fell into a fantasy as I imagined what it would be like to be filthy rich, to not have a care in the world. Dining at the most fabulous restaurants in the world, staying at five star hotels and paying ridiculous amounts of money for bottles of vodka at the VIP section in clubs. How could anything be savored when it was so easy to get?

I was reminded irresistibly of the whole sugarbaby thing, and I wondered if Luke was on one of those websites. No way. He was way too gorgeous. Still, it was fun to fantasize about it.

I looked at Natalie's face and wondered if she'd be receptive towards my idea, but she looked back at me with a rather serious look and I lost my nerve.

"Hey, listen. I don't want to rush you, but I really need money for rent this month."

My chest tightened. "Yeah, I know. I'm working on it, I promise."

I could feel her quiet disappointment and I stood up from the couch to head straight for my room. Natalie was the only family I had and I hated myself for putting her in this difficult position. I sat myself in front of my computer and stared at the screen. My mouse hovered over the registration button to make my sugarbaby profile. I felt very nervous about it. I had never done anything remotely resembling online dating. I had never had time for dating, and admittedly, I was terrified of men.

This is stupid. I should at least wait to see if anyone contacts me.

But there were only two weeks left in the month, and Natalie needed her rent money. I looked around my room as my fingernails dug into my palms and tried to find something that I could sell. My closet consisted of clothes from the Salvation Army and some gifted to me from Natalie's family. There was my old Super Nintendo system sitting in the corner, but that would net me at the most a couple hundred dollars. The only real asset was my computer, and I couldn't give that up. Everything else was been passed down. Natalie usually gave me clothes that she would no longer wear. It was lucky that we had the same body type. Everything that I owned was frayed and unwanted. Natalie bought every stick of furniture in this place. The one exception my dresser, which I bought in a Craigslist ad.

My eyes stung. I'm so fucking poor. The helpless feeling suffocated my chest-I couldn't deal with it, I couldn't handle this. Natalie would marry Ben and I would be alone, with no one to care about me.

Just wait a few days.

I clenched my fists as a tear rolled down my face and splashed on the dirty carpet. I bit my knuckles to keep myself from sobbing out loud. I didn't want Natalie to hear. A voice screamed inside me, repeating the same question over and over-What am I going to do?!

I waited in the dark, hoping that a brilliant idea from the back corner of my mind would suddenly scream out something I had never considered. But all I could come up was-I don't know.

My head was pounding from the stress. I crammed two aspirin down my throat and ripped off my clothes to change into my pajamas. I could deal with my crisis in the morning.

Chapter 2

My car's gas tank was dangerously low when I parked it behind the soup kitchen I volunteered at every Tuesday. What started off as an annoying thing to beef up my resume eventually became an activity I looked forward to each week. I had so much in common with a lot of the homeless people that I didn't feel like I was such a failure when I was there. A lot of the regulars volunteered information about their past when they realized I wasn't some kid doing this for college credit. They told me about how their families kicked them out, or how they grew up terrorized by foster families, and ran away only to be drawn into a seedy street life. Their stories made me realize how lucky I was to have someone like Natalie in my life. Without her, I could've ended up in a group home somewhere.

Clenching printed recipes in my hand, I used my key to enter through the back and wove through the stainless steel kitchen. The back was a maze of ovens, huge, walk-in refrigerators, and stoves. Near the front was a long counter that opened to the cafeteria, which had three bland, yellow walls with fraying posters affixed to them. Cheap, fold up white tables and chairs filled the floor.

After months of work, they finally let me cook my own recipes. Sometimes it was hard to think of ways how to turn canned green beans into something edible, but I think I did a pretty good job. Most of the homeless here never had a real, home-cooked meal.

I waved to one of the volunteer cooks. Shelly was a forty-year-old single mother of two who had gone through hard times. Her son was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis, and sometimes I'd hear her arguing with her crappy HMO insurance company on the phone.

"How's the job hunt going?"

My insides rotted at the mention of my least favorite conversation subject. "Badly," I admitted.

She gave me a sympathetic look and patted my arm. "You'll get something soon."

I slid the recipes over to her. "I figured we should make some stew today since it's getting cold, and use whatever rice we have. We still have a bunch of carrots, right?"

She looked at it. "Yeah, this will be great. Let me run it through Carol."

I rolled my eyes. Carol was in charge of the kitchen and didn't like how much I spent on groceries. A soup kitchen couldn't exactly afford the best cuts of meat, and it wasn't a surprise when Shelly returned with an apologetic smile. "She said to use the leftover ground beef in the freezer, not the chuck."

I slammed my fist on the stainless steel counter. "What the hell is she talking about? You don't put ground beef in a stew!"

It was annoying how little control I had at this place. Carol always found something to criticize about my recipes. "Kale is too expensive. Use collard greens instead." Or "Just use the brown rice. Do we really need two kinds of rice?"

She raised her eyebrows. "Relax, Jessica. This place runs on donations."

"I know, but the chuck needs to be used for something. Why not this?"

Leaving Shelly and the others to make the stew, I switched my focus to making bread pudding out of all the stale bread we had. The local bakeries donated their stale products after I asked them. What was useless for them was great for the soup kitchen, and we made breadcrumbs, bread pudding, stuffing, meatloaf, and French toast out of the discards. Anything leftover filled the bird feeders next to the garden.

After I gathered the loaves from the pantry, I sliced them with a big, serrated knife. I put so much time into this place because it allowed me to channel my passion for cooking, and it felt good to help the needy. A warm glow of pride washed over me whenever they complimented my food, and I rarely had the opportunity to feel good about myself.

Still, the soup kitchen wasn't a permanent thing. One day, I'll have a life. And a real job as an editor. I could write about anything: fashion, sports, video games, whatever. I knew I wouldn't stop until I had my foot in the door somewhere.

I shoved the huge loaf pan into the oven and walked back to oversee lunch preparations. The overpowering grease smell wrinkled my nose.

"Make sure you don't pour that down the drain," I said, pointing to the bowl of piping hot grease.

As I looked inside the pot, fire roared up my throat. The beautiful stew I envisioned was now an unappetizing slop. Fuck.

After the mashed potatoes were prepped, the doors opened to the awaiting crowd. A neat row of people filed in line as we placed the steaming trays of food under the window. One of my favorite regulars was in line, and I hoped he'd like the meal.

The smell of comfort food filled the kitchen. We also made a tray of baked squash, pumpkin, and yams. I loved fall, even though it was always the beginning of a lonely time of the year for me. There was never a place for me to go on Thanksgiving or Christmas. I used to go with Natalie, but when she and Ben got serious, I declined her invitations to spend the holidays with her family. It felt weird tagging along and I wanted to give them some space. Natalie always begged me to join them, but I lied and told her I would be fine and already had plans here. With a pang in my chest, I remembered the first time I spent Christmas alone. I sat on my couch the whole day, watched a channel that played A Christmas Story nonstop, and bawled like a baby. After that, I went to the soup kitchen on holidays.

I more or less came to terms with not having any family, but the fact that no one except Natalie would notice if I died brought on the bout of depression. It was pathetic that I didn't have any other friends that I could spend the holidays with. Absolutely pathetic.

The serving spoon shook in my hands. I can't spend the rest of my life like this. The sting of tears threatened. In a few years I'll be thirty. The soup kitchen faded away as depression wrapped its coils around my chest like a python, squeezing me of air. I gave up years ago on a happy, picture-perfect life, but it was hard to bear this soul-crushing despair. Where had it gone so wrong?

When I was young, my long blonde hair was the target of compliments from many boys expressing an innocent crush at school, but I didn't know how to handle them. I couldn't deal with the abuse at home- and I still haven't. I took my scissors into the bathroom after school and cut off my long strands just under my ears, leaving me with a horrible jagged haircut my foster parents surprisingly didn't care to comment on. The kids at school whispered behind their hands and laughed at me. Pretty soon after that, the boys left me alone.

"Hey honey, what did you make me today?"

The raspy, deep voice snapped me out of my gloom. I smiled as I recognized Frank's voice. He was a thin black man who always wore a winter coat and cap no matter the temperature.

"Well, I wanted to make you guys a nice stew," I said as I took his tray and gave him extra helpings.

"Carol being a bitch again?"

I laughed and slipped him an extra bread roll. "Hide it."

The bread roll disappeared inside his coat. He gave me a quick wink before he moved down the line and continued his banter with the other cooks.

A tiny voice whispered out to me. "It smells so good."

I never saw her before, and she didn't want to look at me. A lot of them were like that at first; probably ashamed they had to come here. The Hispanic woman stared at me as I handed her a heaping bowl of stew. Her eyes were red and I realized with a shock that she was crying.

"Bless you. You have a kind soul."

She seemed unable to say any more. Before I could respond, she moved down the line with her scarf pressed against her eyes.

I smiled to myself. The little things.

* * *

My mood was soaring when I left the kitchen and walked across the parking lot. Everyone loved what I made, even though I was unable to make it exactly how I originally planned. Next time, I vowed to choose a recipe Carol would definitely approve.

The horrible sight of a cracked windshield stopped me cold. A brick sat on the pavement next to the front wheels. I walked around the side of my car to find the driver's window completely shattered. Glittering glass shards covered the ground like powder.

No, no, no, no, NO!

My hands shook as I unlocked the car door and swept the broken glass from the seat. The glove compartment hung open. My GPS was gone.

Why? Why would someone do this? And why smash in my windshield?

Replacing the glass would cost a couple hundred dollars that I didn't have. I collapsed beside my car and screwed up my face, but the tears wouldn't come. It must've been one of the homeless. I wanted to blow up the damn place.

"Fuck!"

Simmering with rage, I opened up my phone to search for the nearest auto shop and found one a few miles from the kitchen. I couldn't believe my luck. Out of all the cars, the asshole chose mine and stole my GPS, which I relied on. Jesus Christ, it was only one year old. Natalie gave it to me for Christmas after I constantly complained about printing out directions all the time. One of the most thoughtful gifts she gave me, and now it was gone.

I pounded the steering wheel in anger as I drove down the street, looking around the cracked glass to see where I was going. A large, peeling sign by the road read, "Randy's Auto Glass."

I pulled into the parking lot and parked my car, hoping to God that I could get this fixed right away. A man in overalls with his arms covered in grease peeked out of the garage.

"Can I help you?"

"Yeah, someone broke into my car." I gestured towards it with my thumb.

"Ah," he said as he saw the smashed glass. "Shouldn't take more than a couple hours."

Great.

He led me inside the shop where there were a couple lawn chairs and a TV playing Seinfeld reruns. I threw myself into one of them as I handed him the keys, then texted Natalie my car got broken into and I'd be home late.

How was I going to pay for this? My leg jigged restlessly over my knee as I tried to push my pathetic financial state from my mind. Maybe a couple hundred dollars would miraculously appear in my bank account. An hour and a half later, Randy slapped the keys onto his desk and beckoned me. He printed out the invoice as I listened to him drone on about how everything was repaired.

"Total comes to...three hundred and sixty-seven dollars and fifty cents."

My hands shook as I took it from him, pressing my lips together in a thin line to keep myself from screaming.

I handed my credit card over to him numbly, trying not to think of how the hell I was going to come up with that money. I squeezed my eyes shut as I heard him swipe the card.

"Uh, ma'am?"

I opened my eyes to find Randy looking distinctly awkward. My heart sank as I saw the angry capital letters glow from the credit card reader.

DECLINED

Heat rushed into my face as if I'd been slapped. Without looking at him, I mumbled something about contacting my bank and dialed the numbers, pressing the phone to my burning face.

"Hello and thank you for contacting Fargo West, my name is Melissa, how may I assist you?"

I gave her my account information and waited with crossed fingers, praying to every god I knew that she would raise the credit limit.

The unsympathetic voice on the other end told me what I already knew. "According to my records, you were granted two extensions already last month. I cannot give you a third, especially when your account has been delinquent. I'm sorry."

I never felt so ashamed in my life.

There were several customers waiting behind me and they could hear every words of my conversation. My eyes were raw with unshed tears as I hung up the phone and turned to face Randy, who had a look of mingled annoyance and pity.

"I can't pay it," I said in the smallest voice.

His hand closed over my car keys. "Then you can't take your car. I'm sorry."

Anger rippled through me until I looked at his tired face. He was just trying to run a business. This was my fault; I ruined my credit and was unwilling to take a shitty job to make ends meet.

I felt like a beaten dog when I asked him to detach my apartment keys. I walked out of there and began the three-mile walk back to the soup kitchen. Maybe I could ask someone there for a ride home.

My phone buzzed with a text message from Natalie: Are you ok?

In the midst of tapping out a reply, I stopped. The last thing I wanted to do was burden her with another one of my many problems. She'd drop everything, rush over to pick me up, and pay for my car. It wasn't fair to her. I wasn't going to be dependent on her anymore.

The first thing I would do when I got home was fill out one of those sugarbaby profiles. I needed a lot of cash and I needed it now. When I got some, I would pay the mechanic, then Natalie, and then make a credit card payment.

By the time I reached the kitchen, the load on my mind lessened somewhat. Sure, everything was in shambles but at least I knew how to fix it. My mind was strangely clear. I knew what I had to do and I was determined to get it. My life depended on it.

I found Shelly walking towards her car in the parking lot, and I jogged up to her.

"Jessica! I thought you'd left!"

"Hey! Thank God you're still here. I could really use a lift, if you don't mind."

"What happened? Did your car get stolen?"

"No, nothing like that." I hesitated as I looked at Shelly's round anxious face. I didn't want to tell her the truth. "My car broke down, and the stupid auto shop doesn't have a courtesy shuttle."

She waved me in. "Yeah, of course!"

"Thanks so much."

I made small talk with Shelly as she drove me home. She told me how much everyone had loved the meal today. I nodded and forced a smile on my face. Suspecting one of the homeless smashed in my windshield dampened my feelings towards them.

"See you next week!"

I waved as she drove off, and my hands trembled with the keys as I entered my apartment. Natalie would be waiting and would want an explanation. The sound of the shower running made me sigh in relief. At least I could avoid her for a few more minutes. I ducked into my room quickly and closed the door.

My stomach growled with hunger, but I ignored it. This was so much more important. The monitor lit up, and the sugarbaby website filled up the screen as though it waited for me.

After I completed the registration, I paused over the username and weighed using a fake name. I decided to use my first name. Hell, there were so many Jessicas out there, what did it matter? I entered my height and body type. Then I realized I would need a profile picture, and it needed to be good. I grabbed a black cocktail dress from Natalie's closet and peeked into the hallway. The bathroom door was open. I rushed inside, closed the door, and looked into the foggy mirror.

I was a mess.

My blonde hair looked like a bird's nest. I attacked it with my brush, bemoaning the split ends that I found.

I wasn't ready for this, and couldn't remember the last time I dressed up. I lined my makeup on the sink like toy soldiers. These billionaires probably only cared about having a hot chick dangling on their arm.

Did I think I was hot?

Not really. But with the right makeup, anyone can be.

All the tangles teased out of my hair made a noticeable improvement, but it still looked dry. I squirted some of that hair moisturizer in my hands, then tousled my hair to make it shine. I debated whether I should straighten my hair, and decided not to. I didn't want to look too polished, and yet I wanted to stand out from all the blonde Barbie dolls listed on the website. I did my mascara and eyeliner in black. My cheeks were flushed with cold and the last thing was lipstick. I chose a red lip gloss and smacked my lips.

A pretty, slight blonde woman looked back at me with a bit of fear. The girl in the mirror didn't look like me. I touched my face and felt something like surprise stirring my heart.

I walked out of the bathroom smiling, and bumped into Natalie.

"There you are! I was getting worried." She paused in the midst of talking and looked at me. "Wow, are you going out on a date or something?"

She knew I didn't really date. If I was a sensitive person, I would have felt a bit offended by the shock on her face. "No, I'm not going on a date. Can you take a picture of me?"

"Sure," she smirked. "Are you doing an online dating thing?"

I faltered as she dashed inside her room to get her camera, and wondered why she was so excited. "Uh-sorta."

"Well, I think that's great," she gushed. "It's about time you started dating."

My insides squirmed at not revealing the whole truth. I would tell her soon enough, but I didn't think she would approve. "It needs to be really flattering."

"Well, duh." She dragged me around the house. "Here, lean against the wall and hold one of your arms. Look down."

"Shouldn't I look at the camera?"

"No!" she said vehemently. "Models never smile for the camera."

I rolled my eyes. Natalie had taken a photography class in college, and apparently that made her an expert.

"I just think that if I don't smile it'll make me look unfriendly."

"Stop talking."

I laughed and was blinded by the flash of her camera. She took dozens of photos, some of me sitting down on the couch, standing, drinking wine, and holding books.

"What's the point of this?" I whined as I held several volumes.

She kept shaking her head at me as she took pictures. Am I doing something wrong?

"You're so pretty. I always thought that you should model."

I choked out a laugh. "Me? Model? I don't think so. For one thing, I'm too short."

She said nothing, but her face looked a bit wistful as she snapped more photos. "Okay, I think that's enough."

"Could you send them to me? I'm going to take this dress off."

I walked back to my bedroom, stripped off the dress, and pulled my jeans and t-shirt back on before returning to my unfinished profile.

How much do I want?

It was tempting to put $20,000, but I knew that was too crazy, so I clicked on the $5,000 - $10,000 per month tab and described myself as an aspiring editor with a Bachelor's degree in English. I drew a blank at what else to write that would make me sound appealing. Aquarius? Adept at juggling? Can make a mean French toast from stale bread?

"I sent them!" Natalie's voice roared through the door.

Her pounding footsteps grew louder, and I half-lifted from the chair.

Crap.

She flung open the door. "So, what is this dating site? And why isn't your car outside?"

Double crap.

I bit my lip hard. "I ran into some trouble. Someone broke into my car and I can't use my credit card, so I had to leave it there."

Her face fell. She squeezed my shoulder. "Ah, Jess. Why didn't you call me? I could've taken care of it."

My heart pounded against my chest as if she was yelling at me. I shook my head. "No. I'm not going to do that to you anymore." I turned back to the screen and pinched my nose.

"What is this?" She leaned over my chair. "Oh my God, is this an escort site? Jessica!"

The way she said my name made me feel like something under her shoe. "No, it's not. It's a dating website f-for rich men."

She stared at me as if she'd never seen me before. Natalie's thin arms crossed her chest as she glowered at me. "It says here that you want $5000 to $10,000 dollars a month. I mean, really, Jessica. What do you think they're going to want in exchange?"

"No," I said even louder. "That's not how it works. You go on dates with them and they pay you. It's an eye-candy thing."

Her eyes shined with pity. I hated that.

"Look, I get it. You're desperate for money. But you don't have to do this! I'll pay for your car, you don't even have to pay me back-I don't care. But don't become a prostitute, for Christ's sake!"

My cheeks burned. "I'm not becoming a prostitute. I told you-I won't do it. I just want to try this."

"Why couldn't you try something normal?" she bellowed. "I mean out of all the jobs out there, you chose this? Are you crazy?"

The horrible sound of her screaming rang in my ears. Everything she was dying to tell me blasted out of her mouth. She was frustrated with me-and had been for a while.

"I'm sorry, Nat, I really am," I said in a tight voice. "But I am desperate-and I need this. I don't have a family who will take care of me. I don't have anyone but you. And I won't keep doing this to you anymore. This is my fault."

She threw back her head and laughed. "I don't understand you, Jess. You had a whole year to find something, anything. You turned up your nose at every retail job because you thought you were above it. And then you decide to become a whore."

She might have as well stabbed me. Her hands flew up to her mouth and tears welled in her eyes. I could see that she hadn't meant it, but she had hurt me more than she could have ever possibly known.

"You had a whole year to find something."

The raw honesty in her voice was a bit too real for me.

"You turned up your nose at every retail job."

It was true.

The anger radiating from my body turned inward. I didn't want to hear it.

"Just leave me alone."

She tried to reach for me, but I turned towards the screen. A final furious sob and my bedroom door slammed shut. I clenched my fist on the desk and breathed deeply, listening to the sound of my heart hammering against my chest. I couldn't remember the last time I fought with Natalie.

There was work to do. I wiped my eyes and continued the profile. I chose several pictures showing me smiling and others that made me look vulnerable. How the hell am I supposed to know what a millionaire wants? I blew out my cheeks as I posted the profile and drummed my fingertips on the table, refreshing the webpage obsessively to see if I had any responses.

I felt a swooping sensation as my email blinked.

That was fast.

Hello,

Just saw your profile pics, your gorgeous! I'm a wealthy married 60y/o man looking for a discrete, pretty young lady like yourself ;) Would you be willing to accept $3000/month? Check out my profile and email me back.

Sincerely,

Mr. Nice Guy

I shuddered and felt clammy all over. His message had been innocuous enough but I could detect an aura of sleaze radiating from Mr. Nice Guy. A sixty-year-old man looking for a discrete, pretty woman less than half his age. Gee, I wonder what he wants. Feeling a bit sick as I deleted his email, I wondered if all of the responses would be like his.

As I deleted the email, two more popped up. Wow.

Hiya!

You look like just what I'm looking for ;) Check out my profile.

-EnigmaMan248

I clicked on his profile and saw an aging, bald man with two pretty blonde women in his arms, each simultaneously kissing his cheeks. His "about me" line declared him as The Perpetual Partier.

More like the Perpetual D-bag. I scrunched my face in disgust. Maybe Natalie was absolutely right about this website being a waste of my time. I hesitantly clicked on the third, bracing myself.

Good Evening,

I am a businessman in my late twenties looking for someone to accompany me in my travels. While I cannot disclose exactly what I am looking for in an email, I believe that the arrangement I am seeking would be of great interest to you. I realize that my lack of information seems suspicious, but I would like to set up a meeting as soon as possible. I will give you $2000 to meet with me tomorrow night, so long as you sign a non-disclosure agreement upon arrival. Regardless of whether this arrangement pans out, you will receive the money. Please respond as soon as possible.

Sincerely,

-L

That piqued my interest. His profile displayed a man in a business suit with large sunglasses and dark, chocolate-brown hair. I couldn't really discern anything from the low quality picture; it seemed like he could be handsome. His pricing was negotiable and his net worth was a staggering 1.6 billion.

Holy fucking shit.

My mind churned. Two thousand dollars just for showing up. I couldn't pass this up, no matter how sketchy his request sounded. I could get my car back and pay last month's rent, but it wouldn't be enough to get me back on my feet. I knew that he couldn't be a hoax; the website claimed to check each "gentleman's" bank and tax records. He was really worth all that money. My insides squirmed as I thought about it. Where would we go? Why did he want a travel companion? The questions raced around in my head ceaselessly, but I knew that I couldn't pass up two grand.

Hi L,

Thank you for emailing me. I would be glad to meet you. Yes, I am free tomorrow. What time and where?

- Jessica

I decided to keep the email as curt as possible. L was clearly no-nonsense guy, and I didn't think he would respond to a sugary message. My heart hammered as his reply came within minutes. I trembled as I clicked on the new email.

Jessica,

Please be at the A16 restaurant in San Francisco at 7pm. The hostess will show you to my table. Please RSVP soon.

Thank you,

- L

I let out a strangled laugh at his email's clipped tone, and I suddenly felt a lot less worried. This wasn't the tone of a guy who wanted to get into my pants. He was something else entirely, but I wasn't sure what. Intrigued, I sent back a confirmation and he replied lightning-fast.

See you tomorrow.

- L

The bedroom echoed with the sound of my nervous giggle. I closed my computer and climbed into bed. What is he going to be like? I tossed and turned in my bed, the promise of two thousand dollars alleviating my nerves. The old adage burned in my mind: if it's too good to be true, it usually is.

Chapter 3

Four p.m. Jesus, there were only a couple hours left before I would have to go to the BART. The restaurant was in the Marina, far from all the BART stops. I would have to get out and take a bus.

It was pathetic, really. But what other choice did I have?

Finally, at four-thirty I reluctantly began to get ready. The anxiety clawed at my stomach as I painstakingly applied my makeup. I chose the same black cocktail dress. Maybe he would think that was lazy. The truth was that I didn't have a lot of clothes for going out. I wore nude stockings because it was cold out and the city was always at least fifteen degrees cooler than the East Bay. I pulled on my faux wool coat and grimaced at all of the missing buttons, hoping the billionaire wouldn't notice how very poor I was.

As I prepared to leave, the front door opened and I heard Natalie came home from work, just as I was preparing to go out. My stomach was in a tangle of knots.

I opened my bedroom door and came face to face with Natalie. She looked like she hadn't slept at all; there were dark arcs under her eyes and I suddenly felt a rush of guilt.

Her eyes roved down my body. "So, you're really doing it?"

"Yes." I brushed past her, hoping my tight-lipped expression was enough not to start another round of disagreement.

"Jessica, please don't do this."

The note in her voice turned me around. "I'll be fine."

Her body was still rigid. "Text me as soon as you're done."

I inwardly rolled my eyes, but I knew that Natalie was concerned for me and only wanted me to be safe. "Whatever. Fine."

I opened the door and walked into the crisp November air. As a lifelong Californian, any temperature below seventy degrees made me instantly reach for a sweater. I tried to imagine myself in a cold climate and laughed through my chattering teeth.

And it's going to be even colder in the city.

Luckily, the BART was only a few blocks away. I felt quite ridiculous as I tottered in my heels through the neighborhood. Cars sped past me with their bass raised to ridiculous levels, pounding up my legs and into my heart. I followed the distant scream of the metro and again I wondered what he would be like-and why he was so secretive.

What if he wants to kiss me?

I kept myself calm by imagining a two thousand dollar check written to me. It'll be fine. It might even be fun! If anything, when it was over I could write an article about what it was like being a sugarbaby for a billionaire. God, I hated that word.

The doors to the BART hissed open and a slew of tired-looking businessmen and women commuting from the city spilled out of the train.

I sat down carefully on the stained seat cushions. I tried not to imagine how stupid I would feel next to such a well-bred man, probably born into money, raised by a series of nannies and teachers at his overseas boarding school. I told myself to shut up and relax, but I couldn't help but obsess over it. I wasn't classy. I never walked in heels and constantly stumbled. I felt like I was always fumbling my way through life, as if I had a permanent blindfold. I wasn't graceful. I would be terrible.

Oh, shut up.

I kept opening my phone during the BART trip, half-hoping that I would receive an email from the billionaire canceling the meeting. Just relax, I kept telling myself. I wobbled on my heels as the train stopped on Montgomery and left the heated train, my legs freezing as I ascended the escalator into the night.

The streets were filled with people who just left work. Even during the weekdays, San Francisco nightlife thrived and those who were rich enough to afford living in the city would be hitting the city's many restaurants and lounges with their coworkers. I used to walk past them all the time during my internship. Jealousy burned in my stomach when my coworkers would go out together and leave me behind, knowing that I always took the BART home. I never went out with them after work because I couldn't afford eight-dollar cocktail drinks and tapas plates that cost double that.

I walked to the MUNI bus around the corner and dumped quarters into the machine. I glanced at my phone and felt my heartbeat in my throat. Six-thirty p.m. No turning back now. I clutched the rim of my seat for dear life as the MUNI shuddered and banged up the steep streets.

I wanted to throw up as the bus stopped on the street I was supposed to get off. What the hell was I thinking? Why did I agree to do this? You agreed out of desperation.

Wrapping my coat tight around myself, I carefully descended the steps. The sea air whipped down the streets violently from the Marina and tossed my hair around my head. I raced across the street towards A16, a small restaurant tucked into the wall that was teeming with people behind its softly lit windows. The tiny, square sign glowed in the misty air. I stopped for a moment to calm myself. I checked my phone one last time to find a text from Natalie:

Good luck

Closing my eyes, I said a silent thank you to her for the confidence boost needed to grasp the dark door's brass handle. The smell of baking crust and tomatoes blasted into my face, making my mouth water instantly. It was funny how I often didn't realize how starving I was until the smell of something appetizing floated across my nose.

The interior of the restaurant was dark and intimate. Like most places in San Francisco, the space was small. The bar and kitchen stretched on the right side of the restaurant, and a row of tables draped with linen on the left. The back of the restaurant had a long table enclosed in a glass room, slightly separated from the rest of the restaurant.

I squeezed past the people waiting for a table on the sides and approached the hostess. Well, now what? What do I tell her? I don't even know his name.

"Ma'am, would you like us to take your coat?"

An employee swooped in from nowhere and held out his hand expectantly.

"Oh!" I was clutching my coat as if I depended on it for survival. "Yes, please."

I slipped the fake wool coat from my shoulders, feeling naked without it. My black purse dangled from my shoulder.

The hostess gave me a dubious smile, as if she could see through the carefully constructed wardrobe and deduced that I had nowhere near the amount of money to afford eating at this place. "Welcome to A16! Do you have a reservation?"

"Hi-uh-no, well, yes." My high-pitched laugh made me cringe. "It's for seven o'clock. I'm supposed to meet someone. My name's Jessica."

Her eyes widened with renewed interest. "Ah, yes. Mr. Pardini has been waiting. Please follow me."

Yeah, that's right, I thought as I returned a haughty smile to her bewildered expression. I have a date with a billionaire. The cacophony of surrounding conversation quickly swallowed my short, nervous laugh. My teeth clenched together so hard that my jaw ached. How awkward would I be with the billionaire? Stop referring to him as 'the billionaire'!

Something stirred inside my head when the host mentioned his name. Pardini. Where did I hear that name before?

The hostess walked straight to the bar and I scanned the people sitting on the stools, trying to figure out which one was L. She walked to a man dressed in a dark blue suit sitting idly on the bar, his long fingers playing with the stem of a wineglass. I couldn't see his face at all, only the back of his head which was thick with dark brown hair, imperfectly groomed as though he had just had a long day at work. Clearly afraid to touch him, she leaned in.

"Mr. Pardini!"

His head turned to the left and I caught a glimpse of a stunning profile. She said something I couldn't catch and his dimples creased into a smile. Now it was his turn to pick me out of the crowd. I wanted to run away, but his cool blue eyes froze me in place. His calculating gaze swept up and down, and I was so entranced that I didn't even notice that he slipped off the stool and walked towards me.

He was so beautiful that it almost made me want to cry, because I knew that someone like that would never, ever be into me. It was impossible.

"Hi, I'm Luke."

A high-pitched, teenage voice squealed inside my head. Oh my God. This guy is really incredibly hot. Stunned into disbelief, I completely forgot my fear. I pulled my lips into what I thought was a sweet smile and slipped my hand into his. His hand was reassuring and instant heat traveled through his skin and into mine, up my arm and glowing somewhere in my chest. He was the stuff of fantasies, and yet, his face wasn't so perfect that it was unnerving like so many actors in Hollywood with perfectly straightened teeth as white as Chiclets.

I was supposed to say something, but his mesmerizing eyes promised there was no other person in the world he would rather see than me. I sniggered and felt a violent blush creeping up my neck. "Uh, it's really nice to meet you." Really, really nice.

He made a slight "hmm" and his smile became a grin, as if he knew the effect he had over me and was thoroughly enjoying it.

"If you follow me, I'll show you to your table."

I squeezed his hand suddenly. I forgot she was there. Let go of his hand! And stop staring at him!

I dropped my gaze and let go of him. My hand trembled as it returned to my side and I felt like one of those Twihards shrieking at Robert Pattinson. What was wrong with me? I walked in front of Luke and followed the hostess as she brought us to the back, to the room separated by a wall of glass. It was meant for larger parties, but Luke probably paid to reserve it. Of course he did. He had piles of money.

Luke pulled out my chair with one hand like a perfect gentleman and I sat down, inhaling something that must have been cedar cologne. The scent disappeared as he swept around the table, but it left me intoxicated and I blinked at him as though I were slightly drunk. He was so handsome that I couldn't bear looking at him longer than a few seconds. Would he be able to detect how hard I was crushing on him? He looked more like a male model than a businessman. His dark hair fell into his eyes with a casual elegance that few men could achieve. He smiled at me and my cheeks burned violently.

"Would you like anything to drink, ma'am?"

God, yes.

She slid a drink menu under my hands and I snapped my attention towards it. I didn't recognize any of these wines. The only wines I knew were of the Charles Shaw variety that sold for five bucks a pop at Trader Joe's.

"Just get me a dry red. Something you think is good."

She nodded. "Would you like another glass, Mr. Pardini?"

"Yes, please."

His voice stroked me. It was very deep and calming. When the hostess left, there was no reason to avoid looking at the remarkable specimen sitting in front of me. When I met his gaze, he smiled again and warmth flooded my chest. Pardini. A small explosion took place in the pit of my stomach.

"I know you!" I blurted. "You were on ET the other night." The moment the words left my mouth, I wanted to smack myself. You did not just say that.

The smile on his face faltered. He pinched the bridge of his nose and uttered a small groan. "Yes, I'm sure I was."

So it really was him. The rich playboy with daddy issues used an online dating website. None of this made sense.

The waitress returned to set the wine glass next to me. I watched her fill the glass impatiently and I took an unnecessarily large gulp as she poured him more wine. I couldn't look away from him. I was fascinated by him-and my strong feelings towards him.

"I apologize for all the secrecy, but unfortunately it was necessary." He reached inside his suit jacket that looked like it cost more than my car and pulled out several papers and a pen. He set them down and slid the pile towards me face up.

Oh, right. The non-disclosure agreement. In the email, he outlined the expectation for me to sign it "upon arrival." I pulled it towards me and signed it. The penalty for violating the agreement was a whopping three million dollars. No article writing for me, then. I slid the papers back towards him and he folded them back into his jacket, looking slightly relieved.

He looked at me shrewdly. "You've never done this before, have you?"

"No, I haven't. Have you?"

He shrugged. "I've interviewed several candidates but I found none of them suitable."

Candidates. What a strange word. "What is it exactly that you want me to do?"

The mysterious smile reappeared. "I don't want to get into that today. I just want to get to know you."

My face grew hot, made worse with the wine. I was aware that he could see how uncomfortable I was. He was gorgeous and I was a nobody. I didn't get it. "What I don't understand is why you think you need a paid arrangement."

No, stupid! Don't say that. Just shut up and take his money!

He took another sip of wine and I heard the liquid hiss through his teeth. Then he looked at me. "I know what I want, and I have very little time. This is just the easiest way for me."

A small shiver went through my body. Why would he want me? But he did all the same and it was overwhelming.

"So, tell me about yourself, Jessica."

Now, I felt like I was in an interview. "Well, I graduated last year with a Bachelor's in English and I really want an editing position at a magazine somewhere. I've been trying to get one for a year, but all I could find were unpaid internships. I signed up for this because I need an income to pay for my expenses." I shrugged. "I think that I'm a pretty honest, reliable person. I could leave references for you, if you want. To be honest, I really need the money." It was embarrassing to admit it.

Suddenly, the room was filled with the smell of freshly baked pizza. I snapped my head around and saw the rather perfect sight of the waitress bearing a steaming pizza. She set it down over a metal stand in the middle of the table. It was a cheerful, vivid red with slightly burnt edges, no doubt cooked in a wood-burning oven. Little specks of green dotted the sauce and I smelled the basil from the rising, swirling steam. I had a reaction that could only be described as Pavlovian.

"The pizza here is the best in the Bay Area. It's almost like eating pizza in Rome."

I didn't care where it was from, as long as I got to eat it. "I can't wait to try it."

He smiled politely as he cut a slice for me and slid the plate in front of me. Perhaps he was used to the type of girls who only ordered salads when they went out.

"Do you have a boyfriend?"

Flustered, I glanced at his face and saw that he was serious. "No, 'course not. I've never really-" I stopped myself. I almost told him that I'd never had one. "I've never really had much time for boyfriends." My hand trembled as I took another sip of wine.

I watched him eat the pizza with a knife and fork, feeling suddenly barbaric as I picked up my slice with my hands. "Do you live in the city?"

He gave me an uncertain nod. "I have a house, but I'm rarely home."

He probably had places all over the world. I finally bit into the pizza and moaned as the acidic taste of the tomatoes exploded over the perfectly baked crust, slightly blackened from the wood fire oven. "Oh my God!" I moaned elegantly through my mouthful of pizza. "This is-this is incredible!"

Luke seemed to choke on his pizza as he looked at me and laughed. It was different from all of his polite, almost mechanical smiles. The corners of his eyes creased and he covered his mouth with his hand.

Was he mocking me? No, there was kindness in his eyes-not cruelty. I returned his smile and laughed in spite of myself. "I'm actually kind of psycho about food. I volunteer at a soup kitchen every week and I organize the recipes." Perhaps the wine made me so talkative, but I was flattered by Luke's interest and the way he leaned in so he could hear me talk. I kept forgetting that this was an interview.

"Every week, really? What for?"

He sounded suspicious. Of course he was. He made me sign a NDA, for God's sake. I gave him a half shrug. I didn't exactly want to go into detail. "It started as a community service thing I wanted to do for my resume, but I found myself really enjoying it." A frown crossed my face. "Well, until yesterday."

"What do you mean?"

I mentally slapped myself again. He doesn't need to know every damn detail of your private life! I waved my hand. "It's not a big deal, but my car got broken into while I was volunteering and my GPS was stolen."

"Well, I'm sorry to hear that."

"Yeah, it kind of sucks."

We lapsed into silence as we finished the pizza. I devoured three more slices, savoring each bite. Does he eat like this all the time? Why wouldn't he? After many sips from the equally delicious wine, I felt myself slip into a warm, happy stupor.

"So where did you grow up?"

I snapped to attention. "Hm? Oh-well I moved around a lot as a kid. First I lived in Richmond, then Fremont, Oakland, Antioch." We were wading in dangerous waters. "How about yourself?"

His face tightened. "Chicago. Well, I was there until my mother passed." He shrugged. "Then my father sent me overseas to a boarding school in London."

God, so he really went to a boarding school. Years of lying in bed while reading Harry Potter and fantasizing about what it would be like to live in a castle full of children made me burn with jealousy. "What was it like there?" I said in an awed voice. "Were there houses?"

He tilted his head and a slow smile spread across his face. "You mean like Gryffindor and Ravenclaw?"

I laughed and took another sip of wine, trying to hide my embarrassment.

"No, I'm afraid not. They're not all they're cracked up to be."

I sank in my chair, my bubble of excitement bursting. "Are you kidding me?"

"The environment could be stifling. You're in this studious environment from sunup to sundown. I was homesick a lot. It was lonely. At first, it was fun, but after a while you miss your mom and dad."

It was sad to hear that. Luke stared at some point over my shoulder, his eyes echoing with the loss of his mother and the pain of being sent away after her death. I couldn't imagine what that must have felt like. I wanted to erase that unhappy look on his face.

"You're ruining my fantasy!"

He laughed and shrugged apologetically. Luke looked at me intently, as if he was making his mind about something. His fingers drummed on the table and he reached inside his jacket.

"I just need to ask you to fill out one more thing. You have to understand that I don't trust very easily, and I'm going to need you to complete this form so I can do a background check."

I shrugged. "No problem." I had nothing to hide, right? It wasn't any different from applying to a job. I took the form and filled everything out, which included my address, phone number and social security number. A voice inside me said that it was a lot of private information to give to a complete stranger. Then Luke slid over the two thousand dollar check already written in my name and I took it shamefacedly. I don't know why, but I felt guilty taking it. I had such a nice time with him.

I returned the form to him, sensing that the meeting was over as he glanced at his watch.

"Well, shall we?"

I took one last sip of wine and stood up as he threw cash on the table. We walked through the bustling restaurant. The hostess reached into the closet to retrieve my sad, synthetic wool coat and I watched as Luke shrugged on his. I noticed his patent leather Italian shoes and felt so cheap by comparison. I was an impostor, a Cinderella, but with his hand on the small of my back, I didn't feel like one.

The glass doors swung outward and the chilly air struck my bones. Luke walked beside me with his hands deep inside his pockets.

"I'll walk you to your car."

I cringed as I stopped and turned to face him. "I-actually I took the BART and MUNI to get here."

The cold stung his cheeks with pink. "Oh. Why's that?"

I tried to look somewhere behind his head, anything to avoid meeting his gaze. "Well, like I said, my car was broken into and it needed to be fixed."

His voice was flat. "But repairing a windshield only takes an hour." He wasn't getting it.

I bit my lip as tears suddenly welled in my eyes. Don't cry, you idiot. I balled my hands into fists until my fingernails bit painfully into my flesh. "Yes, well, I couldn't afford it. So they kept my car." I couldn't quite keep the pain out of my voice.

None of us said anything for a while. No doubt, he was looking for some sort of phrase, some appropriate response for this situation that he had been taught in his gentlemen classes at his overseas boarding school.

"I'll call a town car."

I whirled around as I saw his thumb moving rapidly over his cell phone. I swallowed the lump in my throat painfully. "No, really. It's okay. I'm fine with taking the BART; I do it all the time. It's no big deal." For some reason, the pressure behind my eyes doubled. I didn't want him feeling sorry for me.

"Neither is calling a town car."

I wanted to argue, but his hand reached out and touched my shoulder, squeezing it slightly.

He wore a nonchalant smile on his face, as if he hadn't noticed the tears welling in my eyes, but of course he had and was just trying to make me feel better.

"Okay."

A few minutes later, a sleek black Mercedes rolled next to the curb. I revolved on the spot with a heavy feeling in my stomach. Well, that's it.

"Thank you so much for everything, Luke."

He nodded. "I'll contact you in a few days if all is well."

Suddenly, he swept down and planted a swift kiss on my cheek. The spot burned like a hot poker and the faint smell of his shampoo drifted inside my nose. I could still feel the imprint of his lips on my face.

The kiss surprised me so much that I forgot to say goodbye. I let out an embarrassing giggle and ducked into the security of the smooth, leather car interior. Luke leaned down near the passenger's side to exchange words and a handful of cash with the driver.

Feeling oddly light, I laid my hand across my cheek where he kissed me for a long time, marveling at how something so brief could feel so good.

I still felt like I stumbled into some kind of fairytale when the car dropped me at my house. Maybe a fairytale wasn't accurate. It was like a bizarre dream. In what world did a gorgeous billionaire pay women to date him when he could literally have any woman he wanted?

I stepped out before the driver could open my door and gave him an awkward wave. Whoops.

He gave me a cursory look and sped away when I stepped on the sidewalk. I shrugged as I watched the town car blast down the street. I struggled opening my door for several minutes until I finally realized I used the wrong key. Finally, I pushed it open and strode inside.

The back of Natalie's head was against the couch. She whirled around as soon as I entered and stood up, looking apprehensive.

"Jess, look, I'm really sorry for what I said."

Seeing her looking so tired in her pajamas stirred my guilt. She waited for me all night, and probably wondered if my face would appear on the evening news.

I was too tired to argue. "It's fine."

Her hands fidgeted. "You didn't text me."

"Ah, sorry. I forgot," I said as I hung my coat in the closet.

"Well, how was it?"

I clung to the wall and a huge grin spread across my face. "I think I'm in love!" I yelled to the room.

She grinned. "Seriously, what was he like?"

"He's young and gorgeous. And nice and-" I shivered at the mere memory of him. "I don't really know what he's like, but he is hot. He looks like Ian Somerhalder!"

Her eyebrows were somewhere in her hair. "Wow. Well, what does he want from you?"

"I don't know yet," I said lightly. "I can pay you back now, at least. And I can get my car." I slid my feet out of the heels and bounced across the room, brimming with happiness.

"I've never seen you like this." Natalie's voice was flat. "Am I dreaming?"

I shrugged and backed into my room, laughing at her stunned face. "I'm going to bed. 'Night!"

I set my purse on the bed and set the two thousand dollar check on my nightstand, feeling myself deflate once again. Don't get attached to him. He could potentially become my boss, but he'd never be my boyfriend.

Still, it was nice to dream.

Chapter 4

The following morning, I headed straight for the bank to deposit my check, and then took a bus to the repair shop where my car was. Looking Randy straight in the eye as he swiped my credit card, I breathed a sigh of relief as the charge went through.

After driving home and paying Natalie the two months' rent I owed, my bank account contained a paltry $432.50. Luke's money helped tremendously, but I still needed more-and fast.

Without receiving a single reply to the job applications sent out days ago, I asked for applications at every retail store on the way home. Even McDonalds wasn't hiring.

My stomach roared with hunger as I stood in the kitchen. Debating whether or not to buy food at the grocery store, I dug through my cupboard and found a battered packet of ramen. Score. I inhaled the tantalizing smell of the dry noodles and the spice packet as I ripped open the plastic, poured the noodles into a water filled bowl, shoved it in the microwave, then blasted it.

I practically grew up on Top Ramen. I remember many school lunches where I would rip open the plastic, dump the spice onto the dry noodles, clench the package in my fist to break them into tiny rings, and then shake it to distribute the seasoning. My fingers coated with MSG dust, I ate the whole bag of uncooked noodles.

At least microwaving was a step above eating it raw.

Carefully maneuvering the piping hot bowl to the kitchen table, I proceeded to gulp down my pitiful supper.

The front door opened. "Hey," Natalie called out.

Feeling that twist of anxiety that took up residency inside my stomach, l looked up. "Hi. I have a check for you on the table."

She put her messenger bag down with a weary shrug of her shoulders and hung her coat inside the closet. "What do you mean?"

"I mean the billionaire paid me two grand last night just for showing up. So I can pay you back." I slid the check closer to her. I need to stop calling him 'the billionaire.'

A slight frown on her lips, she took the check in her hands and peered at it closely. Her eyes widened in disbelief. "Jess, I still don't think this is a good idea."

I knew this was coming the moment she walked inside, and her steely look strongly indicated she meant business. "I don't even know what he wants from me yet. If he sets up another meeting, I'll find out."

"I'm also worried about you getting hurt. Last night, you were talking about him as if he was your date."

My fork stabbed at the ramen in my bowl. "I know," I said a little defensively. "He's just not what I expected at all."

No, he wasn't. My cheeks still burned as I thought about his soft kiss goodbye. He could still be an asshole. I didn't know him at all, but it was hard not to be intrigued by a man planted so firmly in the spotlight.

"Do you know his name?"

Yes, and so do you.

I grinned, bursting to tell her I signed a multi-million dollar NDA. "Can't tell you, sorry. He made me sign a NDA. And an authorization for a background check."

Her eyes bugged out. "You're kidding?"

"Wish I was."

"Well, that's thorough. Now I'm really curious. I have a feeling you're going to have to put out, though."

My cheeks went a bit pink. If he wanted to have sex with me, would I say no? Of course you would! "If that's the case, I'll just end it."

Natalie knew sex still frightened me. She looked at me unblinkingly. Oh God, she was going to talk about it.

"I just hope that you aren't pressured into doing something that traumatizes you."

My mind vividly recalled a hand pressed against my mouth in the darkness. Heavy alcoholic breath poured into my ear. If you make a sound, I'll kill you.

A violent feeling surged inside me, and I looked around for something to flush it down. A beer. I needed a beer. Maybe an entire case of beer.

"Well, what do you mean?"

She sounded impatient. "Jessica, come on. You know what I'm talking about. You've always had issues with men."

I felt stripped bear, and my face unpleasantly flushed. I always tried so hard to reveal as little about myself as possible, yet Natalie appeared to know all my horrible secrets.

"I'm just worried about you throwing yourself into a situation like this with a man you hardly know. What are you going to do if he forces himself on you? Can you handle that?"

Could I? I hardly knew the man, but really doubted he would do something like that. "Jesus, Nat. I don't even know what he wants yet. Will you relax?"

Her arms crossed over her chest and she drew a shuddering breath. "Look, I know you don't like to talk about your foster parents and everything."

"Here we go," I said, rolling my eyes. I didn't care if I was rude.

"You're going to need to talk about it someday to someone," Natalie said. "Jess, I'm not saying that it has to be me, but someone. You put your life on hold for way too long."

"Enough." The rough edge in my voice made Natalie back away. "It's not that easy for me. I don't have health insurance. I don't have a family I can talk to. I'm dealing with it the best way I know how." I hated how bitter I sounded.

"You have a family."

"No, I don't."

She looked at me like a wounded animal. The hurt splashed over her face and some of her pain transferred to me.

"You're getting married and starting a life of your own. You're not going to always be there for me." I swallowed hard. "And that's fine. I want you to have everything you want. But don't talk to me as if it's that simple. I've been kicked and punched my whole life and you don't get over that after a few hours in a therapist's office."

Natalie physically flinched like I struck her. We never really talked about this out in the open, even when I showed up to school with bruises on my legs. I stood and paced the small kitchen, Natalie's infuriating look of pity following every step. I didn't like this. I didn't want to talk about this.

"I can't imagine what it was like-"

Needled past endurance, my head whirled around. "No, you can't."

"But you haven't tried, Jessica. Admit it. You've survived everything that happened to you, but you've never really allowed yourself to live."

The suffocating fear escalated even more. "What the hell does that mean?"

She was close to shouting now. "I've been waiting years for you to wake the hell up and get help for yourself! You're a fucking mess. You can't afford groceries. You're incapable of getting your shit together. And being alone with men makes you have panic attacks, and it doesn't take a genius to figure out why. And now you're turning to this insanely stupid idea that will probably make your problems worse."

My knuckles turned white on the head of the chair. I briefly entertained throwing the hot bowl of soup in Natalie's face. I didn't trust myself not to scream something I'd regret forever, so I said nothing. Natalie's half-enraged, half-remorseful face said it all: something had broken between us. I didn't need to hear her say all of those awful things out loud, because I said them to myself every day.

My shaking voice finally broke the silence. "Thank you for reminding me that I'm a failure."

Even my best friend thinks I'm hopeless.

Of course, she was right. Wasn't she always fucking right? Before she could speak, I fled into the safety of my bedroom. Even though I knew she wouldn't follow me, I still locked the door. My pinched face and red eyes reflected from my vanity's mirror. Fuck you. I wanted to destroy the mirror and shatter the image of my pathetic face. I saw myself bent at the waist, clutching the bathroom sink as he ripped down my pants. I looked into the mirror and sobbed as his naked body loomed behind me. Then I was trapped, forced to ride out the hell that was my memory until it was over.

* * *

The buzzing phone jerked me out of sleep, and I rubbed my tear-encrusted eyes. My heart jumped when I realized I had a new email. I rolled on my stomach to read it.

Hi Jessica,

Hopefully, this hasn't reached you too late. I would like to schedule another meeting in Napa. I have a company outing there tomorrow and I would like to have a chat with you while I'm there. My driver can collect you at your apartment around 3pm. Please reply back if this is acceptable.

- Luke

Does this mean I passed? I doubted it because of his strange business-like tone. Groaning at the thought of going all the way to Napa, but thankful I didn't have to drive; I punched out a quick email. I didn't understand how the background check was completed so quickly. Perhaps he would drive me all the way there just to tell me I didn't get the position. Definitely not. He would've just sent a cordial email thanking me for a nice time, and apologize for selecting another candidate.

After sending off a quick reply, I fell back on my pillows and wondered what the hell I would wear since I didn't want to borrow something else from Natalie. He's going to be in something more casual, probably. I checked the time. It was midnight. Only fifteen hours to go. Restless, I sprang out of bed and blinked as I flipped on the light. I slid open the closet door and rifled through my sad collection. I bit my lip. There was nothing here to impress him. My fingers lingered over a tired skirt, a frayed blouse, and returned to the cocktail dress. I can't wear the same thing twice.

Resolving to wait until morning, I threw myself back into bed. A shopping trip might be possible, but I didn't like the idea of spending the little money I had on clothes.

The restless thoughts haunted me for hours as my body refused to let me sleep. A slightly burnt coffee smell drifted in from the kitchen; Natalie was getting ready for work. I gave up trying to get back to sleep and flipped on the light switch. My worry about meeting with Luke dwarfed the slight twinge of annoyance when Natalie knocked and opened my bedroom door.

She stared at all the clothes laid out on my bed and blinked. "Uh-I just wanted to apologize, Jess. I couldn't sleep last night. I'm really, really sorry about all the things I said. I've been under a lot of stress lately." Natalie squinted at my bed. "What are you doing?"

I wasn't really sure that I was ready to forgive her, but I didn't have any energy to stay angry. Desperate for her advice, I waved my hand towards the clothes. "The billionaire wants to meet me this afternoon in Napa. I'm trying to figure out what to wear."

Natalie stepped inside and inspected the pile on the bed. She bit her lip, an unmistakable signal that she was searching for something delicate to say.

"Just say it-my clothes are crap."

She avoided my eyes as she picked up a faded blouse sleeve. "Listen, just go in my closet and pick out something. Whatever you want."

I heaved a great sigh of relief. "Thanks so much. You're a lifesaver." Grateful we were the same size, I wasn't worried with a full wardrobe of Natalie's cute outfits at my disposal.

"It's no problem." She wearily stared into her coffee mug. "Why does he want to see you all the way over there?"

Shrugging, I began hanging the clothes back in my closet. "I dunno. Well, he mentioned he had a company meeting there. He seems like a busy person." It was weird to be talking to her like this, as though nothing had happened. Her vicious comments still rang in my head. Maybe she sensed I was still a bit hurt because she wished me luck before she left. She won't be mad at me much longer. I'll fix everything.

I didn't leave my bedroom until I heard the front door close. My thoughts lingered on the mysterious, handsome man I met only a day ago even though I tried to distract myself throughout the day. I tried to resist Googling him, but ended up studying his strangely brief Wikipedia page anyway. In contrast, his father's was very detailed and long. I scanned it to learn Luke was his only child and his mother died in her mid-thirties. His father was an alcoholic and was dying of terminal lung cancer.

No wonder he had a reputation for partying; it was an escape. I closed the page as a small blush crept through my face. I shouldn't pry into his life. He wouldn't like it.

At noon, I pulled on the outfit I chose: a pair of black leggings and a sweater from Express. There was no way I was going out in a dress again in the middle of November. Thanksgiving was in a week, Natalie would have the week off, and she'd probably double the effort to make me to go with her this year. I kept my appearance simple with a bit of mascara and lip gloss.

The black Mercedes rolled up against the curb at two o'clock sharp. The magical carriage has arrived to take Cinderella to the ball. Shrugging on my wool coat, I opened the door and entered the stinging air. The same driver from the night prior stepped out and opened the passenger door for me

"Thanks." I beamed at him as I ducked inside the heated car. I would never get used to this.

He tipped his black driver cap. "Not at all," he said.

The familiar feeling of being caught in a wonderful, absurd dream was overwhelming, and I giggled as he closed the door. A town car a billionaire hired whisked me away from my crappy apartment and its crumbling streets. Don't get carried away, I reminded myself. This could all end today, leaving me with nothing but memories.

The driver glanced at me in the rear view mirror, and I wondered what kind of life he had.

"I never caught your name, sir."

"It's Jim."

"I'm Jessica. Nice to meet you."

My hands fidgeted in my lap. He was probably wondering why the hell Luke asked him to pick up a girl from a Section 8 apartment complex.

I made a few comments about the weather just to make the drive a little less awkward. The discussion changed to BART strikes and found camaraderie in the topic. Then I ran out of things to talk about.

"Whoa."

A magnificent building loomed over us as Jim turned into the road leading to Opus One Winery. It sat on a deep green lawn elevated on all sides like a pyramid. Fields of grape vines surrounded the whole area. The cream-colored limestone made it shine like a small sun in the late afternoon.

The driver stopped the car in the winery's parking space and opened my door. "Mr. Pardini will be waiting for you inside."

"Thank you, Jim."

What a beautiful place. Out of all the Californian wines, Opus One was the most hyped. If I could rate a wine based on how beautiful the winery was, Opus One would score a perfect ten. My heels echoed within the high-ceilinged walls after I walked through the massive brown doors and stepped into the winery. Like the interior of Mediterranean villa, the soft walls glowed with golden light and colorful flowers spilled from vases. The rich architectural details on the archways mesmerized me.

"Can I help you?"

I turned to a woman dressed in a white blouse and black slacks.

"Yes, I'm supposed to meet Mr. Pardini here."

"Oh, you must be Jessica. Please follow me."

I followed her around the sweeping circular hall. The winery was like a giant disc, and she walked along a stretch of private room hidden behind glass doors. Above us was a giant dome of glass where the sun filtered through the second floor's terrace

My heart gave a sudden squeeze as I recognized Luke seated on a white leather sofa. Dressed in pristine khakis and a sky-blue sweater, he stared thoughtfully at a pile of paper alongside a glass of wine on the coffee table. Definitely more casual and laid back than the night at the restaurant. He didn't notice us when we approached, and only looked up when the woman rapped on the glass.

The same polite look flicked on his face as he waved us inside. Was it me, or did his smile look strained?

Nervous energy and laughter bubbled from my throat as Luke stood up to receive me. I stopped thinking completely when his arm wrapped around my shoulders and his fingers lightly stroked my skin as if he'd done it a thousand times before. The shock ran like a hot drop down my throat.

When he spoke, I felt the vibrations through my body. "That'll be all, thank you."

The woman smiled and looked a bit flustered as she left the room. Well, good. Now I know that I'm not the only one who gets so affected.

Then his body left me so abruptly that I felt like icy water had been thrown on my face.

"Would you like some wine?"

"Sure," I said. I took the delicate stem he offered me, disguising my confusion by hiding my face behind the glass. The wine's acidity balanced perfectly with the tangy fruit taste. I sat across from him on the couch while my heart hammered in anticipation. Well, how did it go?

"Thank you for coming here, Jessica. The background check I ran on you was clear, but I do my own extensive research with my PI. I wanted to talk to you about what he found."

He has a private investigator? God, this guy's paranoid. The wine felt high in my throat no matter how much I sipped. I didn't like the detached tone of his voice.

He folded his long fingers into steeples and looked at me. "Do you mind if I ask questions about your background?"

My gaze dropped and I shrugged. "I guess not." Inwardly, I felt like my heart would jump out of my chest.

"I know that you were a foster child and that you were transferred from a few homes. The reports mentioned that you had behavioral problems."

He held his hands up at the look of my stunned face. "Listen, I know that this is very awkward. I just need to make sure that you're well-adjusted."

I set the dangerously wavering wine glass on the coffee table. No one ever invaded my privacy like this, and I didn't know how to react. Luke took a flying leap over my comfort zone. I looked at his handsome face and simultaneously thought of a viper. Am I well adjusted? Nope.

"Well, I didn't have the most stable home life, so I acted out a lot." I knew no one would ever adopt me, and my foster parents would eventually get sick of me, so I threw fits and smashed things to get me transferred as soon as possible. Knowing I would get the same reaction every time, it was oddly comforting to repeat those behaviors.

He waited for me to elaborate, but there was no way in hell I was going to talk about my fucked up childhood.

"Okay, um...I actually contacted one of the foster parents you were with the longest earlier today. The Kramers. They mentioned that you were particularly-Jessica?"

Luke's polite face dissolved into horror as my face crumpled against my will. Bill and Shelly Kramer. Their fat faces swam in my mind. The feeling of their cruel hands on my flesh, twisting, hitting, and striking me. The belt whistled through the air. The terrifying sound of his leather belt slipping through the loops of his jeans. Their oldest son, Vincent, with his sweet, angelic face. They believed every word out of his psychotic mouth, even though he-he raped me.

I avoided that word for years, but now it burned in my mind like a red-hot poker searing into raw flesh. Rape: the four-letter word that triggered hell whenever I stumbled across it.

RAPE.

My face fell into my hands. The pressure built from holding back tears made my forehead feel like it was going to explode.

I WAS RAPED.

It blazed in my mind like a giant, neon billboard. I was humiliated and exposed. I was broken. Don't think about it don't think about it don't think about it-

Blinded by tears, I stood. I wanted to kick the khaki and blue colored blob sitting on the couch. "You actually talked to them? What did they-what's wrong with you?" The last words erupted from my throat. "Do you think it's okay to pry into people's lives like that?"

He appeared in front of me. "It was all in the contract, Jessica," he said in a kindly voice. "You signed it. I do this for all my employees."

The rage left me with overwhelming embarrassment. "I need to leave."

I grabbed the door handle.

"No, wait!" He pushed the door shut and used his body to block my path. I turned away but he took my shoulders gently and forced me to face him. He actually looked pained.

"Hey, listen, I'm really sorry. Please don't be upset."

He sounded so desperate and human. For the first time, I relaxed around him.

"I know that what I did was way over the line. Please forgive me."

It's not his fault. He didn't know. I sniffed and nodded, allowing him to steer me back to the couch. I discretely wiped my eyes as Luke sat down in front of me. His hands fidgeted in his lap, making him look as though I caught him stealing.

"I'm sorry for yelling at you. I didn't know that was part of the contract. There are certain things I don't like to talk about and my past is one of them."

He nodded. "I understand."

He leaned forward and snatched his glass, clearly glad that I calmed down. "I'm just going to cut to the chase. I really need your help."

I kept my hands balled at my sides.

Luke gave me a sharp look. "Remember, all of this is confidential. You signed a NDA."

"Just tell me what it is, already." Some of the anger bit into my voice. I realized how rude I sounded, but Luke didn't seem to mind.

He looked incredibly nervous. He kept clenching and unclenching his hands. "Yes, right. Well, here it is. My dying father is threatening to write me out of his will unless I shape up and settle down. I will lose my entire inheritance and my job unless I can convince him that it's happening. The disease is quite advanced, so I'm a bit short on time. I need someone who will act as my girlfriend. We'll travel together, get photographed going out, we'll be in the same hotel rooms-though this relationship will be strictly professional. It's all an act."

Finally everything was out in the open. He wanted me to kiss him in public, hold his hand, and make eyes with him. Easy peasy. I would have done it for free. It all seemed so crazy, I couldn't think of anything to say.

He stared at me. "Well, say something!"

All of it seemed so unlikely. "Would your father really do that?"

Luke huffed impatiently. "Yes. Absolutely. My uncle Dominic was co-founder of Pardini Worldwide and each of his five children, my cousins, have shares. It would be a simple thing to write me out of the will, especially with the rest of the family hissing suggestions in his ear. Almost five billion would be distributed amongst them if I were kicked out. They would love it."

Five billion? My head spun as I imagined a gladiator arena with Luke's family dressed in business suits all fighting each other to the death. It almost made my foster family life look civilized. They must be constantly at each other's throats. Anyone would be driven mad by that amount of money.

The strain was livid on Luke's face; it curled his shoulders forward. "My father is a cruel, narcissistic man. I've worked hard all my life for the company and I deserve this. I'll be damned if I let that bastard take it all away from me." He sighed and sunk back into the sofa. "Sorry, it's just that I don't get to vent about him often."

I actually felt sorry for him. It must be horrible to have to live your life at the whim of someone with so much power over you. "I just don't understand-why don't you just get a real girlfriend?"

"It's not that easy," he said flatly.

The deflated look on his face alarmed me. Did he have self-esteem issues? "Oh, come on. You're handsome and rich."

"Notice how you added, 'and rich'? It's really, really hard to find someone who likes me for who I am and not for my money. I can't trust anyone. Besides, I don't have much time. I need to leave next week for London."

Wow. I didn't realize I could ever feel so sorry for a billionaire. "But you're letting your father control your life."

"No, I'm not. I picked you. I just want him to think he's controlling me. That's when he's the happiest."

"Why did you pick me?" I blurted.

"Because you're educated and you're pretty. And we seem to have good chemistry."

My cheeks flushed and he smiled at me. It was sad that I felt so good about his compliment.

He leaned in closer, refusing to let me out of his gaze. "I have to warn you, though. If we don't get along, we'll have to go our separate ways. I mean-we'll be together constantly. I know that this is a lot to ask for and that's why I'm prepared to pay you ten thousand dollars a month."

My mind went blank. "I'm sorry, what?"

I couldn't have possibly heard that right.

He smirked, knowing then that he had me. "Ten thousand dollars a month."

"Jesus," I whispered. Get paid an absurd amount of money to travel with the world's most handsome bachelor? Yes, YES!

"But what would we tell people? How did we meet? Where did I grow up?" We would have to fabricate a huge backstory. I doubted his relatives would think highly of an orphan coming from absolutely no money. I nervously wondered if I could pull this off.

"We'll figure out all of that stuff later. Will you do it?"

And I would visit London. I always wanted to go there. "Yes, I'll do it."

He slapped the desk. "Great! Well, it's almost the end of the month, so I'll pay you half of what we agreed. You can use it to buy clothes for the trip or whatever you want. I'll get your plane tickets, of course. We leave next week on Wednesday. I know it's Thanksgiving, but the trip really can't wait."

I waved my hand dismissively. I wouldn't be able to plan the Thanksgiving meal for the soup kitchen. Who cares? "Don't worry about it."

It will probably be the best Thanksgiving I've ever had.

I seized the contract slid in front of my nose. A few months was the intended duration.

"I don't know how long my dad has, but I'll renew it if he hasn't gone yet."

The cold matter-of-fact way he spoke about his father's impending death made me feel uncomfortable. Who am I to judge? I fantasized daily about slipping poison in my foster parents' food. I signed the contract, and my jaw dropped as Luke handed me a check made out to five thousand dollars. I held it as if it was made of glass and slipped it into my purse. All in a day's work.

"Thank you so much. You've no idea how much this will help me."

"Likewise," Luke said as he stood up. "Well, shall we?"

I took his offered arm, and he escorted me out of the winery. I felt a golden ball of warmth inside my chest at his closeness. I caught myself in the reflection of the elevator doors and couldn't believe it. Damn, we look hot.

His arm was snaking around my waist and suddenly all the air left the room. Remembering that I was supposed to act like his girlfriend, I fell against his chest, and his lips pressed against my head.

I had no memory of being held as though I was cherished. I got lost in the moment for a while before Luke walked me all the way to the cars outside, where dozens of people were getting ready to leave the winery. He gave a small wave to some of them, who waved back and did a double take. I could almost hear their thoughts: Who's that girl with Mr. Pardini?

"My co-workers are still here. Perfect."

His hand slid from my shoulder to grasp my hand. The path of his touch blazed such a trail, my desire for him flared up like a torch. I squeezed his hand, stunned by the way my body responded to him.

My hand tensed inside his as Luke made a beeline straight for a couple of older men in suits standing near the curb. Oh, no.

"Mr. Blackwell, Mr. Brown. I hope you enjoyed today."

The portly Mr. Blackwell smacked his purpled lips. "Oh, it was wonderful!"

"Yes, quite," Brown agreed. "And who is the lovely young lady?"

Luke's admiring grin flashed towards me. "This is Jessica, my girlfriend."

My cheeks probably looked as though they were on fire.

This is Jessica, my girlfriend.

Hopefully, they would think I was cold. Their rosy, smiling faces nodded at me as I shook their hands.

"I'ssa pleasure."

"Nice to meet you."

"Are you ready to return to London?

Mr. Blackwell's face fell comically as he addressed me. "Am I ready to return to forecasts of endless, freezing rain? You Californians are spoiled rotten."

"Jessica will accompany us to London. She's never been outside the country."

I never told him that, but he guessed right. He smiled at me and I hugged my "boyfriend's" chest, beaming.

The two men were pleasantly shocked. "Is that so?"

"Yes, I'm very excited." That wasn't a lie; I couldn't wait to go. It would be a blast, and looking up things to do on TripAdvisor was the first thing I would do when I got home.

Luke glanced at the town car pulling up. "Well, Jessica's ride is here. I will see you both next week."

Completely out of my element, I was eager to leave the company of the two men. They acted perfectly fine, but it was nerve wracking to be around them. What if I said something wrong? "It was nice meeting you both."

Both men smiled courteously as we walked away from them. Luke ducked his head close to mine.

"They're old friends of my father."

Ah, so that's why he dragged me over to them. Would they report my presence to Mr. Pardini?

We stopped in front of the town car and the driver got out to open the passenger door.

"I'll see you next week."

I felt a jolt of anxiety as I turned in his arm to tell him good-bye. If I'm really his girlfriend, I should probably kiss him. Blackwell and Brown peered at us. Luke's gentle hands pulled me closer until I could see the golden flecks circling his pupils. My heart beat so furiously against my ribcage that I knew Luke could feel it pounding against his chest. Then his lips crashed against mine and I felt myself soaring. Holy shit. I had never felt anything like it. So much heat, everywhere. I kissed him back eagerly, completely lost in the feeling of his lips against mine and his hands wrapped around my waist. When he pulled away, I was surprised to see a smoldering look on his face.

Overwhelmed, I stepped back as he tried to give me that loving smile men always reserved for their girlfriends. The lack of warmth behind his effort punched my gut.

"Bye," I croaked.

I ducked into the car and the driver closed the door. As the car rolled away, I saw his face drop into a look of bored indifference.

My heart wrenched.

He almost made me believe that it was real.

Chapter 5

"I still can't believe you're going to London before I am."

Natalie watched me pack for my trip to Europe with a look of mingled jealousy and disbelief. I still couldn't believe it myself.

"Me too."

When I got home from the winery, I couldn't take holding it all back, and wound up telling Natalie everything. I made her swear a hundred oaths not to divulge anything to anyone ever on pain of death. She would find out soon enough because Luke made it clear the tabloids would print pictures of us together. Sure enough, I found a blurry photo of us leaving Opus One hand in hand, with the caption underneath: Luke Pardini leaving Opus One with blonde bombshell. I laughed at that. Blonde bombshell? Me? Yeah, right.

"So long as you keep your feelings in check, you'll be fine." It was clear from Natalie's tone that she didn't expect me to. "I really wish you weren't leaving before Thanksgiving. Won't your friends miss you?"

My cheeks flushed at the mention of the lie I told Natalie about finding a group of people I celebrated Thanksgiving and Christmas with. I crammed a few socks into my suitcase and refused to look at her.

"I lied about the friends. I spend every year at the soup kitchen and then I go home alone. This will probably be the best Thanksgiving I've ever had. Don't worry about me."

A hollow silence followed my words. When I finally gathered enough courage to look at her, Natalie's stricken face made me feel guilty.

"Why did you lie to me? I asked you a hundred times and you always said no. D'you know how that makes me feel?"

I sputtered. "What? I didn't want to go because I thought you and Ben needed time alone. I just feel weird being the third wheel."

Natalie opened her mouth but I changed tact with lightning speed. "I'll be able to wire you rent money from abroad, so you don't have to worry about that."

"I know you're really excited about this, but I don't know. I hope nothing bad happens."

I wished that she would give it a rest with the whole prostitution thing. "I've told you a thousand times, I'm not going to trade sexual favors for money."

"I'm not talking about that. What if you legitimately fall in love with this guy? He'll break your heart. You're already smitten."

Who cares? I'm making ten thousand dollars a month. "We have chemistry," I shrugged. "I'm not going to avoid this amazing experience just because something bad might happen. I'll probably never have this opportunity again."

Natalie relented. "Well, I hope it's worth it."

The doorbell rang. "Who's that?"

Flustered, she ran to answer the door. "Ben. We wanted to have dinner-" she opened the door. "Hi, honey!"

Ben's voice boomed through the apartment, and I abandoned my packing with a sigh. A plastic smile on my face, I went to greet Natalie's boyfriend.

"Hey, Ben. How's life?"

"Good!"

Tall with Norwegian features like fair skin and blonde hair, Ben's blue eyes sparked as he swept me into a hug.

"So, I heard that you're dating a billionaire?"

He cackled as I glared at Natalie. "How's the law firm?"

Lucky for me, he happily seized on the topic and talked about it for a while. Still filled with anxiety over the trip, I tried my best enjoy the rest of the night. Tomorrow, Luke's driver would bring me to SFO. He also paid for my passport's rush processing, and it arrived on Monday. Until a courier dropped off the one-way ticket from San Francisco International to Heathrow, it was hard to really believe I was leaving.

I've never been on a plane. It was going to be awesome.

After Ben left, I finished packing and double triple checked everything. Unsure about the length of the trip, I filled two suitcases and a backpack. I was ready to leave hours before the driver came to pick me up the next morning, and Natalie worked from home acting as anxious as I felt. She didn't help matters by constantly fussing over me.

"Where's your ticket? Did you pack your passport?"

I quadruple-checked my backpack. "They're both here." It was ten o'clock, the time Luke said he would pick me up. What if he had changed his mind?

"Did you pack Chapstick?"

My stomach lurched. Crap. "I don't know." I sprinted to the bathroom and skidded to a halt as I heard the doorbell ring.

Natalie bolted to the door and wrenched it open.

A pleasant, deep voice filled the room. "Hello, you must be Natalie. It's a pleasure."

I heard Luke's voice down the hallway and jumped, feeling close to laughter. I rummaged through my drawer and seized a tiny tube, and then I walked towards them both, my heart hammering my ribs.

I could tell that Natalie was taken aback. She replied back a few seconds later than she should have. "Nice to meet you."

He was looking hot, as usual. I had never seen him wear jeans, but he wore a fitted pair that showed off his long, muscled legs and a shirt that made me want to run my hands all over his body. He smiled at me over Natalie's shoulder. "Ready to go?"

Mute, Natalie turned around with her face frozen in impolite shock.

He's a dreamboat. I nodded at him.

He smiled at both of us, bemused by our mute voices. "Um, I'll just get your bags." He stepped in and grabbed one of the suitcases. Lifting it easily, he turned around to reveal a perfectly carved ass.

"God," I moaned as I watched him load the suitcase in the car.

"You weren't kidding," she commented in a breathless, dreamy sigh as she watched Luke.

The driver took my suitcase from my hands and hurried down the steps to help Luke.

"I guess this is it," I said as Natalie's eyes misted over, and a lump formed in my throat in response. "If you cry, I'll cry."

She seized my neck painfully and pulled me into a fierce hug. "I'm not crying," she said in a thick voice. "Call me when you get there, and be safe for God's sake."

Luke climbed back up the steps with the same smile. "She'll be safe with me. It was nice meeting you, Natalie."

I gently disengaged myself from Natalie's death grip and shouldered my backpack. "I hope you have a good holiday. I'll be back soon."

I took Luke's outstretched hand and descended the steps, turning back to smile and wave at Natalie's panicked face. Once inside, I moved over the smooth leather interior for Luke.

Instead of the town car, Luke had arrived in a limousine. It looked wildly out of place in this shitty neighborhood. Across the street, a woman smoking in her plastic lawn chair stared at us, the cigarette burning in her fingertips. I shook my head and gazed at the interior. A dark glass partition separated the driver from us. There was a champagne bottle on ice in the limo, TV screens, and blinking yellow lights on the ceiling. This is so cool.

The ugly streets of Concord rolled by the long window. I couldn't believe I was leaving it all behind. I looked around at Luke, whose arm was stretched over the leather. He was studying me quietly, perhaps regretting the whole thing. I couldn't imagine a more unlikely couple.

"We should think of a backstory for ourselves. People are bound to ask."

He looked at me thoughtfully. "Before we do that, I want to make something clear." Any hint of humor dropped from his face. "This will never be anything more than a business relationship."

"I know that." I raised my eyebrow. Where was this coming from? Was my attraction to him that obvious? "What makes you think I would want to be with you?"

Now he looked like he had been punched in the gut.

Yeah, serves you right, you pompous jerk.

He quickly recovered and a smug grin flashed on his face. "Don't you?"

Electricity shot up my spine; I was in dangerous territory. "Maybe I wouldn't want to be talked down to all the time by your old boy network, boarding school buddies. Or your family."

He looked stung. I was joking, but perhaps there was a little bit too much truth to what I said.

"No one would do that while you were with me."

"Of course not," I shot back. "They'd do it when you weren't around." I turned away from his face and wished there was something to drink. It's ten in the morning, I reminded myself.

Silence stretched between us as I cringed, waiting for him to reprimand me or do whatever it was billionaires did to their inferiors. You shouldn't talk to him like this. He's not your buddy.

"You're very blunt."

An apology was already falling from my lips, but Luke silenced me with a reassuring nod. "I like it, even though it might be a little hurtful. I'm usually surrounded by sycophants. I expected you to be one of them."

It was strange to feel unpleasantness in my gut and pride glowing in my heart at the same time. "Do you want me to be a sycophant in front of other people?"

He shook his head and laughed. "Just be yourself."

Be myself? Was he crazy? "I don't know if that's a good idea."

"Jessica, I picked you because I like the way you are. They'll understand that. The only thing is we need to come up with a background."

I tried to bury the glowing feeling in my chest. "Well, I could just use Natalie's background. It would be easy to remember. Her parents are both dentists. Their names are Rita and Tom."

Luke nodded as he typed something in his smartphone. "My father's name is Giacomo."

Giacomo Pardini. I committed it to memory. "What about your mom?"

"Mary," he said stiffly.

A shadow crossed over his face and I was afraid to ask more. Looks like I'm not the only one who doesn't like talking about myself, I thought as Luke's frown became even more pronounced.

I looked outside and was startled to discover that we were already driving over the new Bay Bridge. Soon, I'll be sitting on a jet with nothing between me and the ground but thousands of feet.

"What airline are we taking? It didn't say on the ticket."

He looked at me as though I had made a poor joke. "It's my private jet."

Oh, right. I felt a stab of nerves as the limo rolled into SFO. "I suppose this would be a bad time to mention that I've never flown before?"

"You have got to be kidding." He scowled when he realized I was serious. "Shit. This is going to be a nightmare." He ironed his face with his hands and then suddenly his head perked up. "Please excuse my language."

I didn't know whether I wanted to laugh or yell. "Hey," I said a bit defensively. "I'm not terrified of planes or anything, I'm just saying that I've never flown before. Whoa-"

A wall of people holding cameras blocked our exit from the car, madly clicking away. Holy shit.

"Paparazzi?"

"Yeah. Look alive," said Luke in a neutral voice.

Clearly, he was used to this sort of thing.

It was daylight, so at least we didn't have to walk into blinding camera flashes. The driver opened the door and their screams blasted into the car, which had been silent only a moment ago. He slid out of the car first.

"Mr. Pardini!"

"Luke, what do you have to say about the merger with Hilton Hotels?"

I took Luke's hand as I got out of the car. The horde of paparazzi closed in around us and shouted his name, demanding to know where we were going and what was his opinion and who was the girl standing next to him? I clung to Luke instinctively and shrank from the men closing around us. He tugged my arm, but I was afraid to squeeze between the people clustered around us.

I met his puzzled, blue eyes and his expression became one of concern. He pulled me against his chest and I loved his protective heat, and as Luke walked they parted from him. He said nothing to the screaming voices but beamed at them, as if posing for a photograph. A light flickered inside my head and I grabbed Luke's shirt, forcing him to stop. Before he could utter a word, I hooked my hand around his neck and crushed my lips against his.

They want a picture? I'll give them some juicy gossip. I could imagine the headlines: Luke Pardini seen kissing blonde trollop at SFO!

Okay, they probably wouldn't use that word.

The kiss made me feel more alive than I had in years. Heat simmered in my chest and I could hear them still clicking away, shoving their cameras in our faces, but I didn't care. I just wanted to cling onto him and savor the moment for as long as possible. My hand rested over his chest and I could feel his lean muscles under my fingers. I raked my fingers through his thick hair and when we finally broke, it was to breathe.

I didn't know why I did it-I wasn't really thinking, but my hand slid down his chest and around his abdomen. His body was so fucking hot, that I wasn't really thinking straight, and I lightly stroked the curve of his ass. His nostrils flared and his eyes smoldered. He laughed a bit into my lips and pinched my waist with his fingers. I snapped out of it. I had been so caught in the moment that I didn't realize I had taken a flying leap over our professional arrangement and had crossed into the territory of sexual harassment. I couldn't tell if he was turned on or pissed off.

A rush of self-loathing filled my guts. Jessica, you idiot. My little ass-grab would be plastered all over the tabloids.

Luke turned away, the moment broken, and plowed through the crowd. The waiting agents at the airport took our bags from the driver, who left the moment Luke handed him an envelope.

"This way, Mr. Pardini."

He kept a firm grip on my hand as we walked through the airport, and we bypassed the normal security to go through some sort of VIP screening process. As the agents loaded our luggage on the conveyer belt, Luke turned towards me. His cheeks were a bit pink, and it thrilled me. He leaned into me and I flushed under his accusatory stare.

"So, care to explain what that was all about?"

I thought that my cheeks would be stained permanently red. I lowered my gaze. "I was just acting for the cameras." I cringed at myself as Luke's dry laughter shook through my body.

"Yes, you certainly were."

The amount of smugness in his voice should be made illegal.

It was all right, though. At least he wasn't mad. I got a bit carried away, but still, my guilt stayed with my all the way to the small jet was waited for us on the tarmac. I seized Luke's hand and my nails bit into his palm.

I looked at him in alarm as the driver opened the doors of the Porsche.

"Relax," he said unhelpfully.

The scream of jet engines echoing throughout the yard, I climbed the steps to the jet. I chose one of the ten white leather seats near the middle, but I couldn't decide whether the flight would be more terrifying with the window open or closed.

The stewardess practically bowed to Luke as he entered the plane. He spotted me huddled into my seat.

"Jessica, I need to do some work. Will you be fine?"

I waved him off. "Yeah, whatever."

He chose a seat with a table and reached into his bag to remove his laptop. The door slammed shut and soon after that I felt the roar of the jet engine under my thighs. It's so loud. Is it supposed to be this loud?

The seatbelt light flared on and I quickly grabbed the belt, missing the buckle several times in my haste to secure myself.

"So where do they keep the parachutes?" I said to Luke, who looked up from his computer.

"Uh-there are none. There's a floatation thing under your seat, though."

What? "Well, that's stupid," I said. "What if there's an attack or an explosion and we're plummeting down?"

He looked at me coolly. "Then we'll die."

"And you're okay with that?"

"I'm okay with the logic of it." He shook his head before returning to his laptop screen.

I gripped the sides of my armrests as the plane lurched forward. I had to remind myself that the flight was nine hours long. Calm the fuck down! Maybe I could have one of those mini liquor bottles.

What if I died without saying goodbye to Natalie? I opened my phone and sent her a quick text: Plane's leaving now. You've been an awesome friend. I'll call you when/if I land.

There. If I died, at least Natalie would know how much I cared. I closed my eyes and gritted my teeth as the plane began to turn. Something bumped into my seat and my eyes flew open.

It was Luke. He sat down in the adjoining seat in an effort to calm me down. It would have been sweet if only he would stop laughing at me.

"This isn't funny," I said through my teeth. I reached over and shut the window.

"It is, though." His voice was strained with the effort of keeping from laughing.

I groaned as the flight attendant's voice spoke over the intercom, telling us to prepare for takeoff.

He broke into fresh peals of laughter as I buried my face in my hands, then Luke lifted the armrest and pulled me into his arms. I relaxed as he snaked his arm around my shoulders. My face was nestled between his neck and shoulder. I breathed in the smell of his cologne and shivered in his arms. It was incredibly soothing. What would it be like to fall asleep like this, every night?

"I think I know how to distract you."

It was working. All I could think about was how nice it was to be held like this. Then the jet suddenly soared forward and Luke let out a grunt as I seized a handful of his arm.

"There, there. It'll be all right."

His fingers were under my chin, making me tilt my head back. Then his soft lips kissed me gently, making me gasp. I couldn't believe how sensitive my lips were. I felt desire radiating like a heat lamp, pounding all the way down my abdomen. He pulled back as I responded more passionately.

Fire licked my face. There was no one here to see us, save for his flight attendants. Why was he toying with me like this? When he pulled away, I thought I could see some of my confusion mirrored on his face.

I buried my face into his chest when I felt the wheels lift from the ground. It was the most curious sensation. At the same time that I felt the weight lift, pressure increased over my shoulders as we climbed into the sky. Luke reached over and opened the window, revealing a field of blue beneath us.

"See? It's not so bad."

"I guess not."

"How come you've never been on a plane?"

I snorted at the question. He might as well have asked why I didn't own a yacht.

"I grew up poor in foster homes where no one gave a shit about me. No one would have flown me anywhere."

He made a deep sound that rumbled through my back. "How ironic. My dad put me on a plane the moment my mother died."

Something cold went through me as I imagined a dark-haired nine-year-old boy, surrounded by strangers on an airplane, wiping tears from his eyes.

"What did she die of?"

I felt his sigh through my back.

"She committed suicide."

My whole body stiffened. His hand still rubbed my shoulder, as if I was the one who still needed comfort. In a way, I did. I felt terrible. I wanted so badly to turn around and hug him. Luke's voice was very even, but I could detect a note of resignation. She killed herself. She didn't love him enough to stay alive.

It would mess with anyone's head.

"That's fucking horrible." Against my will, I found myself wondering how she did it. Did he find the body? Why did he tell me this?

He shrugged. "I'm over it. I think."

"There's no way you're over it," I blurted. I felt a rush of self-loathing for not keeping my opinions to myself. "I'm sorry. I keep trying to filter my thoughts, but it doesn't work."

He weakly chuckled. "Don't worry about it. Everyone's always sucking up to me, hoping I'll advance their career or give them money or something. I'm sick of it. Besides, maybe you're right."

"Why don't you just cut ties with people who suck up to you?"

"Because then I'd have to fire a good ninety-percent of my employees and cut ties with most of my family. I can't just do that."

Sure you can, I thought. "Well, I promise I'll never do that. I don't think I'm capable. I was never taught manners, for one." Bringing this up gave me a fresh wave of anxiety. "Seriously, you're going to have to teach me."

He leaned in so that I could feel his breath whistling in my ear. "Jessica, relax." He patted my arm. "Sorry, but I need to do some work."

I left him alone for the rest of the flight. Aside from a few bouts of turbulence, the rest of the ride was uneventful. I was excited for the three-course meal, but frowned at the small pile of minuscule black balls with the tiniest spoon I ever saw. Next to it was a stack of crackers. I peered at the menu. Caviar.

My first thought as I tasted it was: This is supposed to be a delicacy? It tastes like fishy salt.

The next item on the menu was much better. Maine lobster and butternut squash sauce. I devoured the cheery, orange-red lobster and sauce, marveling how buttery it tasted. Mentally, I was taking notes for the soup kitchen. Getting approval for lobster would be next to impossible. I looked at the menu eagerly for the third course: Princess cake with navel orange marmalade. What the hell was a Princess cake? Was it blessed by an actual princess or something?

I had fun taking pictures of all the courses with my phone, scribbling down in my journal what each one tasted like. Luke barely touched his plates, occasionally looking over to see what I was doing, and perhaps wondering why I got so excited over food.

Now that my anxiety over flying was mostly over, my brain boiled over how I would eventually be confronted with Luke's friends and family. He counted on me to make this work, and to convince his father that this romance was real. I felt a rush of warmth in my cheeks as Luke looked up from his laptop and smiled at me. I couldn't stop thinking about how he held me in his arms, his eager mouth and hard body. When he smiled at me, my heartbeat galloped ahead. It's a little bit too real. I had to keep reminding myself to not get attached. When this was over, Luke and I would go our separate ways. Get a grip.

Luke returned to sit beside me when we started to land. "Why?" I asked.

"Landings are worse."

Sure enough, the horrible free-falling motion made my guts clench. I clutched Luke's hand and squeezed when the plane dropped. He snorted with laughter whenever I let out a high-pitched squeal.

"I'm glad you find my fear so amusing," I hissed. "Didn't you take an ethics class to become a proper gentleman?"

He tried to force his mouth into a neutral line, but failed. "No."

I cringed as we plummeted what seemed to be a hundred more feet, bristling as Luke guffawed at my terror. As the plane made a right turn, London sprawled underneath us in a series of yellow lights. I'm really here.

After we landed, a Rolls Royce whisked us off the airplane and dropped at Heathrow's main terminal. A gaggle of paparazzi stood in the lobby, elbowing each other as soon as they saw us. Luke's guards fended them off, but this time the camera's bright flashes exploded all around me. Clutching Luke's arm, I walked out of Heathrow and inhaled my first breath of London.

I noticed the differences right away: the tiny cars, the black Hackney taxis, and a barrage of languages and English accents. I couldn't wait to see it all.

Once the paparazzi cleared away, we entered into our car and sped towards our hotel. Luke's hotel. We exited the car in a location that had an uncanny resemblance to New York's Times Square. I stared at the screen that wrapped around a building in the middle of two streets, flashing colorful advertisements as a slew of people jostled me down the street. Luke tugged my arm and I looked up, staring at the giant letters over the hotel lit up like golden candles: PARDINI.

We entered the hotel, the beige marble floors polished so well that I could see my own reflection.

"Good evening, Mr. Pardini."

The receptionists obviously knew him by name. Luke inclined his head and continued to the elevators. Oh, right. He doesn't need to check in. Duh. I followed him into the elevator as the bellhop rolled our luggage inside.

The elevator stopped on the twelfth floor, and opened directly into the suite. My jaw dropped as we walked inside. There was a fully stocked stainless steel kitchen, a spa and indoor pool, a gym, and everything you could ever need. The king sized bed stood on a dais surrounded by glass, which overlooked the whole city. It was incredible.

Luke tipped the bellhop, and he shoved his hands deep into his pockets with an air of uncertainty once we were alone.

"It's a beautiful room, Luke. I can't believe this."

"I'm glad you like it." He rubbed his neck and swept back his hair. "I'm pretty tired, so I think I'll go to bed now. I'll just sleep on a couch and you can have the bed."

"No way," I protested. "It's your place. I'd feel guilty making you do that. I should get the couch."

He smiled wryly and shook his head. "Yeah, that's not happening."

Arguing this with him was fruitless. He refused to violate his gentlemanly code of ethics.

"Well, maybe we could share the bed. It's big enough for both of us." My face grew hot at the idea of sleeping next to his inescapable heat. Maybe he would only wear boxers. Maybe he would be naked. A shudder ran through my body at the thought.

"As much as I'd like to sleep with you, I don't think it's such a good idea."

The sound of his strained voice and the inevitable flicker of his eyes down my body made my toes curl in pleasure. I wanted this man more than anything in my life. My heart raced as his hand lifted to my face and pulled a stray strand of blonde hair behind my ears.

"Goodnight, Jessica."

I tossed and turned on the too large bed as though constant movement might dislodge the burning feeling of Luke's hands and lips from my mind. I was alone with no one real to talk to. Is this what he feels like? Am I just another one of his paid employees?

My eyes stung from being awake too long, I flipped open my phone and texted a message to Natalie: I got here OK. Have a great holiday. xoxo Jessica

Chapter 6

My eyelids cracked open to an unfamiliar ceiling and it took a few minutes for me to remember where the hell I was. Oh, yeah. I'm in London.

I leapt to my feet and gazed at the surrounding glass walls to my right. The city sprawled underneath. I never felt so young and alive. Soon I would descend to its depths and explore the city until my legs stopped working. I couldn't recall a time when I experienced such bliss that I couldn't stop grinning. Well, that wasn't true. Some of the happiest times of my life were when Natalie and I hung out during summer vacation. I biked down State Street to her house every day so we could play in her big backyard and explore the woods behind it. There was an inexplicable joy that came with freedom from parents or school, with exploring the world on our bikes until the sun dipped below the horizon. I felt it now. My eyes misted as I remembered how wonderful it had been-I had completely forgotten about it until now.

It was five in the morning and a slow stream of cars and taxis were making their way down the streets. I squinted and tried to locate Big Ben or the Tower of London, but I couldn't recognize anything.

After a moment of hesitation, I decided to find Luke. It was extremely early, but maybe he was awake. I found a robe with his name in the armoire and walked around the cool tiles barefoot. I wandered into the silent kitchen, looking outside to gaze at the panorama of the city. Was every inch of this hotel room bordered by glass? I continued walking forward, not really paying attention to where I was going.

BAM! My head smacked right into something solid and damp. A pair of hands took my arms and I saw Luke looking incredibly contrite, dressed only in a towel wrapped around his waist.

"Jessica!" He released my arms. "Are you alright?"

My nose was stinging a bit. Holy crap, I thought as I studied his perfectly carved chest and arms. My chest felt feverish and I was very aware of how hot my face and neck were. His damp hair flattened against his neck. "Uh-wow. You're in really good shape."

Ugh. Once again, I was at the mercy of my exhausted brain.

"Oh," he smiled and briefly looked down at himself. "Well, I try."

Please tell me there will be some public event in the future that will require him to take his clothes off. My hand flew to my hair absentmindedly and I twirled a strand around my finger. "Suddenly, I feel like I should work out. I mean-I'm sorry for bumping into you. I was distracted."

The smell of his body wash hung like a musky cloud around him; it was intoxicating. He looked down at me with a seductive, shit-eating grin as he crossed his arms over his chest and studied me. The bastard knew how hot he was and he wasn't ashamed of flaunting it. A guy like him-how did he keep his ego in check?

Stop twirling your hair, idiot! I immediately snapped my arm to my side and resolved to keep my hands still. It was incredibly hard to keep my gaze fixed on his eyes; they wanted to wander down his chest to the towel precariously wrapped around his waist, revealing trim abs and a sprinkling of dark hair that led straight to his-

Luke cleared his throat. Mortified, I glanced back to his widening grin. He definitely noticed me checking him out.

"I was thinking that we could explore London today. I have meetings in the afternoon, but I could meet you afterwards."

I can't hear you when your clothes are off. Somehow, though, my brain picked up on "explore London" and "today." The excitement seared through my veins like caffeine. I couldn't wait to go out there. "Sure, I'd love that."

"It's a bit early to go out, but why don't you get yourself ready while I answer some emails?"

"Okay."

He walked around me with a small smile playing on his lips. For a moment, he looked like he wanted to add something but he changed his mind at the last second and shook his head, laughing a bit to himself.

Beaming, I practically skipped to the bathroom, which was more the size of a locker room. The tiles were heated and I sighed in pleasure as I walked bare-footed, gazing at the gleaming porcelain sinks and the glass shower, which still had a sprinkling of water on the walls. I could imagine Luke showering in a fog of steam, his rippled body hanging out briefly to grab the powder-white towel on the rail. For a brief moment, I envisioned us showering together and I nearly gasped out loud. My legs were wrapped around his powerful waist as he held me up in his arms and drove into me, my back against the shower wall. I could feel the stab of pleasure radiating up my thigh, glowing in the warmth between my legs.

The shower heated in seconds and I stepped into the hot blast of water, the knots in my shoulder melting away. It was already stocked with a myriad of products. I lathered myself up in a perfumed steam and imagined Luke's hands gripping my waist, his neck bending down to kiss my naked flesh.

A thrill of exhilaration and fear rippled through my body. It was hard to think about sex without thinking about my trauma. Sex still frightened me as much as it enticed me. I shook my blonde head violently. It didn't matter right now. I wasn't going to be having sex with Luke, even if we had amazing chemistry.

As I toweled myself off, I realized that the bathroom didn't come equipped with hairbrushes. I had to return to my suitcase. I let my wet hair cascade down my shoulders and left the bathroom dressed in nothing but a towel wrapped firmly around my body. Anxiety stabbed my chest as I peeked around the corner and saw him in the living room. Let's see him react to me.

Luke was sitting on the couch with his laptop, fully dressed. A phone was against his ear. I walked across his vision and inwardly smiled when I noticed a lull in his speech. I glanced back casually and saw that Luke was staring directly at me unabashedly. Naked desire shone all over his face, in the way that his mouth hung half-open and the white-knuckled fingers clutched his phone. A moment later, Luke snapped back to his conversation.

"Yes, sorry. As I was saying..."

I walked towards the bathroom with my toiletry bag in my hand and felt his eyes following me back. I smirked to myself in the mirror as I applied my makeup in the bathroom. He thinks he's so great. He was great. Maybe I am, too.

"Ahem."

The eyeliner flew out of my hand as a face suddenly materialized in my mirror. I glanced to my right and screamed, knocking several tins of makeup off the sink. Luke was standing in the doorway, his arms crossed over his chest and a frown plastered over his face.

"What are you doing?" I shrieked as I bent over to pick them up. "I could have been naked!"

"Yes, how horrible that would be," he drawled.

Something had changed between us. I didn't like the accusatory stare in his eyes or the aggressive way he blocked my exit.

"I know what you're trying to do and I don't like it," he continued.

A small shock rippled through my body. He thinks I'm up to something? I looked around the room, searching for evidence that I had done something wrong. Had I used his hair products against his permission? Bewildered, I threw my hands up. "I have no idea what you're-"

"If you get me to do something with you, you could sue for sexual harassment."

The accusation stunned me for a moment, then I threw back my head and laughed at how ridiculous that sounded. Luke flinched at my laughter echoing in the tiled room. "That's the dumbest idea I've ever heard. You're already paying me ten grand a month. Why would I get greedy? That's stupid."

Still shaking with laughter, I shook my head and returned to the mirror to apply my makeup. Luke's frown reflected in the mirror. Did he seriously believe that I had an ulterior motive?

"C'mon, Jessica. You just walked around the apartment half-naked. Don't tell me you didn't expect me to notice that."

I hung my head, my hair falling like a curtain around my face. He was right, of course. But I didn't do it so I could screw him over!

"Who was the one who did it first?" I turned around to gaze into Luke's wide eyes. "I just did the same thing you've been doing to me all this time. Admit it. You like the attention."

Now it was his turn to look surprised. His hand flew to his hair. "What? I didn't-"

I knew I should drop it, but I didn't. "You've been playing with me. Maybe because you like me, but mostly because you like messing around with women. You get off on it." I didn't know why I was saying all of this, or why I was suddenly so angry. His wide-eyed refusal to take responsibility rubbed me the wrong way.

"That's not true," he said with an edge in his voice. "Though, I'll admit that the lines can become a little blurred for me."

Luke looked ashamed. I bit my lip. He's done so much for me.

"Well, me too," I said in a thick voice. My cheeks flamed again and I felt frustrated with how little control I had over my body. "I'm not faking any of this."

His eyes gleamed. "Yes, that's why I picked you. I don't know why, but I almost believe you when you say that you wouldn't sue me."

Even with his sad smile, I couldn't get over how handsome he looked. I longed to run my fingers through his thick dark hair, and kiss that vein that jumped in his throat. I put my makeup down and faced him. "Isn't it exhausting to constantly be on guard with people?"

"Jessica, I've been hurt so many times by people I thought I trusted. Virtually everyone has sold a story about me to the press."

He couldn't or wouldn't trust me, but I couldn't hold it against him even though it hurt. I didn't know what it was like to be him. "Can I ask you something personal?" Without waiting for a response, I asked it anyways: "Are you lonely?"

He opened his mouth and closed it. He didn't have to answer; I saw the truth in his eyes. "Yes," he said. "I suppose I've always been."

Me too. Something expanded in my chest and I wanted to reach forward and touch him, but Luke backed from the doorway and shut the door.

* * *

"Can we use the Tube?"

He looked at me with suppressed annoyance. "We'll be mobbed if we use the Tube."

"No, we won't!"

We were already being followed by a silent, creepy group of paparazzi. I held Luke's hand and practically skipped down the streets of London. The sky looked like a thick gray blanket that dropped icy sheets of rain on our heads. Luke did his best to keep us dry with his umbrella. The rain didn't dampen my spirits. I'd probably never get the chance to do walk London's streets again.

"Oh, come on. Let's just use it once." I was dying to experience the city like a real Londoner.

Luke sighed in resignation. "Well, fine."

We quickly descended the steps into the Piccadilly tube station. Luke shook some change out of his pocket and dumped it into the ticket machine. I took one of the two pieces of paper the machine spat out, then walked through the barrier to the trains. Luke took a quick glance at the tube map before pulling me to the right towards the Bakerloo line.

A slew of tourists and people commuting to work crowded the brick-lined underground. Luke smiled to himself as he bounced on his soles.

"What is it?"

He shook his head, still smiling. "Nothing, this just brings back memories."

Across the station, a man photographed us. I casually leaned against Luke, who wrapped his arm around my waist automatically. I laid my head against his chest and smiled sweetly as he kissed my head.

"Later tonight, I might meet up with an old friend. You're welcome to come, of course."

An old friend? Sounds interesting. "Yeah, I'd like to." I lifted my head towards his voice and caught his bottom lip. He squeezed my back so that my breasts were flattened against his chest and I could feel his steady heartbeat, while mine raced. I felt the irritating rush of heat in my chest and I couldn't understand how he could remain so calm. We broke our faces apart, but Luke still held me against him, looking at me as though I was the only girl in the universe.

"Does he know about me?"

"He knows that I'm dating someone. I haven't told anyone about our arrangement, and I plan on keeping it that way."

I nodded as a rush of wind soared through the tunnel, whipping my hair around. I unglued myself from Luke's chest, and we walked over a line of yellow that demanded we Mind The Gap. The train was packed with people and we were sandwiched together. I couldn't help by laugh a little at the discomfort on Luke's face.

"Not used to being pressed up against the common folk, are you?" I whispered.

He laughed nervously and quickly glanced around at the people surrounding us. "Jessica," he whispered. "Someone might hear."

"No one heard me."

"It's just a bit awkward. I'm not used to public transport."

"I thought you said you took the metro all the time as a kid."

"That was then."

Luke held onto the rail with his sleeves, probably to avoid the layer of germs coating it.

"Well, consider it payback for laughing at me on the airplane."

We transferred to another line and finally arrived at the Westminster station. When we climbed out, Big Ben stood right in front of me like a giant. Even in the overcast weather, the tower shined in a dark gold brilliance. I craned my neck to look at the black hands sitting on a white circle surrounded by a golden ring. The parliament building wrapped around Big Ben. We walked down the street and over the bridge, weaving around tourists to look down at the River Thames snaking through the city. A giant Ferris wheel was northeast of us. Luke leaned over the bridge and watched my fascination with a happy look on his face.

"That's the London Eye," he said, pointing to the wheel.

"It's incredible."

There was nothing like this where I had grown up. We walked back towards Big Ben, the snarl of traffic shuddering down the streets, the red double decker busses groaning as they passed us. Luke grabbed my arm and pulled me back violently when I almost walked into oncoming traffic. Out of habit, I looked left instead of right.

"Thanks," I said as bright red patches burned my cheeks. "I'm not used to it yet."

"Close call."

I recognized some of the statues in the Parliament Square as we walked around it. I noticed a long line of people outside one of the buildings. A large gothic church stood in front of the square with three bold arches covering the three doors. The one in the middle was the largest, and it was where the line formed. "Is that-?"

"Westminster Abbey? Yes. Do you want to go inside?"

I rubbed my hands together and tried to conceal how much I wanted to go. "Well, only if you don't mind."

He rolled his eyes at me and pulled my hand. "C'mon."

Inside the abbey were vaulted ceilings and high arches with so much detail carved into the stone that I could stare at them for hours. Every surface was covered with marble busts and memorials. Even the floor had them. I squealed in delight when I recognized an author name from my English classes.

"Look-Charles Dickens!"

Luke leaned over and nodded. "Cool," he said in a tone of voice that suggested boredom instead of fascination. Uniquely decorated chapels tucked into the corners of the abbey were dedicated to different members of royalty.

"You don't like this stuff, do you?"

He shrugged as we walked around the choir. "It's all right. I've seen it all before-many times on school trips. I'm more of a thrill seeker. I like hang-gliding, parasailing, white-water rafting, steeplechase-that sort of thing."

I never did any of those things. "What if we went to a soccer match?"

Luke's face lit up. "Now, you're talking. Do you like the sport?"

I used to spend my summers with Natalie on the same recreational soccer team. Her parents paid for the annual fee because there was no way in hell my foster parents would have. "I used to play a lot when I was younger. I miss it."

"Well, we should definitely see a match, then. I'll ask my friend if he would like to join us." He had already opened his phone and was searching.

Wow. I guess we have one thing in common. I mentally praised myself for bringing it up.

I watched as his fingers moved rapidly over his smartphone.

"There's a match today at Boleyn Ground. It's West Ham versus Tottenham Hotspur. Oh my God, we have to see it."

"Can you get tickets?"

He looked at me and smiled as if I had made a joke.

Well, that answers that.

As we walked out of Westminster Abbey, Luke drummed his fingers over his smartphone. "I have meetings this afternoon, but I'm pretty sure I'll be able to make it. I'll leave early if I have to. I haven't been to a football match in ages."

Luke rubbed his hands together with a manic grin on his face. It was nice to see a gleam of excitement in his eyes instead of his mask of polite amusement. I didn't argue as Luke called a cab to take him to work, giving the driver explicit directions to take me wherever I wanted.

"The game starts at three o'clock. Best to be there at two-thirty. I'll call and send a car wherever you are."

He leaned across the seats and his lips brushed my cheek. When he pulled away, his smile was full of so much warmth that my breath caught in my throat.

"Have a good day, Jessica."

Luke slid out of the car and gave me a small wave through the window. As soon as he had left the car, I felt the absence of him like a hole in my stomach. I was still looking out the window when the driver cleared his throat. He was staring at me through the rear-view mirror.

"Uh-can you take me to the Tower of London?"

* * *

Breathless, I stepped out of the cab and searched the throng of people for Luke. Hundreds of people wearing the West Ham colors of deep red-purple and blue stood in several security lines outside the stadium. The driver had assured me that Luke would be nearby. At last, I looked through a group of red and blue clad men with rosettes attached to their shirts and recognized his profile. Luke's dark hard tilted back with laughter. A good-looking man in his twenties stood beside him, his shoulders bent forward and shaking with mirth.

This must be the friend who he was talking about. As if he had heard my thoughts, the man's eyes rested on me and he gave me a slight nod. Luke turned on the spot and a brilliant smile lit his handsome face. I hitched a smile on my face and walked towards him.

"There you are, darling."

Darling? I laughed despite myself as Luke swept me in his arms and his mouth sealed my lips in a brief but heated kiss. For a moment, it made me feel like he actually missed me. He pulled away and slid his arm over my shoulders. Oh right, he's acting again. I gathered up my resolve and prepared myself to talk in a high-pitched voice that most girls seemed to have when reunited with their boyfriends.

"Did you enjoy the tower?" he asked as he brought me closer to his friend.

"Yes, it was pretty good," I said flatly. In truth, I was a bit disappointed. The tower was stripped bare of its original furnishings and the replacements didn't look very authentic. It was a bit like visiting Disneyland, but I had a nice walk along London Bridge.

"Jessica, this is my friend Brandon I was talking to you about. Brandon this is my girlfriend, Jessica."

Brandon made a muddled first impression. Like Luke, the trappings of great wealth weren't lost on him: the Prada glasses, the gleaming watch on his wrist, his Italian leather shoes. He wasn't nearly as handsome or poised, but he had an air of polished dignity that intimidated me. His eyes met mine in a cool, unflinching gaze. From the way he looked at me, it was almost as if he didn't like me. No, it wasn't that. Maybe it was a lack of trust.

"It's a pleasure."

"Nice to meet you."

"Are you a big football fan?"

I gave him a small shrug. "A little bit. I used to play when I was younger." I retreated into Luke's comforting embrace and smiled at Brandon. "You can't go to England without seeing a football match, right?"

He nodded solemnly, his eyes still refusing to let go of me. "Too right," he said in a thick British accent. Glancing at his watch, he made a comical sound. "Ah! Kick off is in ten minutes. Let's get to our seats."

I could feel Luke's excitement through my body as he stood behind me in the line, his hands ever so slightly moving up the curve of my hips. It was so much more electrifying than a kiss. He rubbed into my flesh in small, hard circles. The paparazzi stood nearby, clicking away at us as I turned around in his arms to lay my head over his chest. I didn't do it because I wanted to give them a show; I wanted to quiet the desire stirring in my core.

As we walked through security and made our way through the stadium buzzing from thousands of horns, it was quickly apparent that Luke arranged for front row seats. A sprinkling of navy-blue Tottenham supporters were scattered among the hundreds of West Ham rosettes, flags, and checkered banners. I reeled back from the fevered energy flowing from the West Ham fans, taken aback by their intense, almost violent screaming. After a few minutes, the screaming stopped and I felt their cheers soaring through me as we walked to the seats and looked across the green field.

"Would you like a drink, Jessica?" Brandon asked politely.

"Yeah, sure."

"I'll get us a few pints."

"Thanks mate."

I looked at Luke curiously. His accent changed from an American one to one that was slightly British. He raised his eyebrow at me. "What?"

"Nothing," I said, smiling.

Brandon returned with three sopping mugs of dark beer and set one down in front of me.

I curled my fingers around the cold plastic and raised the frothy rim to my lips. The beer was thick and full of complex flavors. I smacked my lips in appreciation and wished I had something sweet to contrast the bitterness of the beer.

"The crowd seems a bit crazy."

A group of West Ham supporters behind our row drunkenly slurred a song about bubbles.

"West Ham and Tottenham Hotspur have a huge rivalry. It's going to be mad." Brandon smiled knowingly at Luke. "Remember that time in Liverpool? They kicked you out of the stadium."

Luke flushed a bright magenta as he took a sip from his beer. "Yeah."

I leaned in closer, thoroughly enjoying the embarrassment shining on his face. "What did you do?"

Brandon spoke before Luke could get a word in. "He beat up a couple people."

"They deserved it."

How interesting. "I never would have guessed you could be such a hooligan."

Luke gave me a roguish wink.

The fans behind me continued to sing. "Forever blowing bubbles, pretty bubbles in the air."

One of them kicked the back of my seat and my beer slopped all over my hands. Luke turned around in his seat to glare at them but I took his hand and squeezed it.

"Sorry, love." The man who had accidentally kicked my seat gave me a toothy grin, his cheeks ruddy from alcohol.

"It's cool," I said as I wiped my hand on the wall.

His red-rimmed eyes scanned my clothes and narrowed in suspicion. "Who are you supporting?"

I was suddenly aware that they were probably drunk enough to fight anyone who wasn't supporting their team. "West Ham," I said before others could intervene.

"Good." The fan leaned back into his seat and they resumed the team song.

Brandon's shoulders shook with laughter. "Like we'd say anything different surrounded by this lot."

At last, the players spilled over the field, and the red and blue fans stood up in unison, letting out earsplitting shrieks and cheers. I clapped my hands over my ears as the fan behind me screamed encouragement to West Man and shouted filthy obscenities to the black and white Tottenham players.

"Sod off, you fucking cunts!"

The man who had kicked my chair was standing on his seat, gesticulating wildly as he screamed insults. Taken aback, I looked at Luke and Brandon, who didn't seemed perturbed by the filth streaming out of his mouth. Maybe it's a British thing.

West Ham kicked off and the fast-paced game began. Within the first five minutes, the Tottenham forwards had passed the ball through West Ham's defense. The right defense sprinted back towards the forward-he was inside the goalie box and everyone around me was screaming, even Luke was bellowing something intelligible. And then the Tottenham forward stumbled forward and tripped over the West Ham defense's leg, foiling what could have been a goal.

The stands were in an uproar as the referee blasted his whistle and ripped out a bright red card, which he held up high. The reaction from the stands was downright frightening. Thousands of them stood up to hurl insults at the referee as the player argued with him. I was close enough to see the veins popping out from his neck.

"I don't understand-what happened?"

Luke's face was pinched with worry. "Well, the defense tripped the Tottenham forward within the goal box, so that's an automatic red card. They'll have to play one man short the whole game."

Suddenly, I pitched forward and the rest of my beer spilled on the floor as the fan behind me jostled my seat in his haste to stand up.

"HE TRIPPED! IT WAS A BLOODY ACCIDENT, YOU FUCKING TWAT!"

His voice stabbed my ears with every syllable. He actually hurled his empty beer cup onto the field; I saw it sail over my head, sprinkling my hair with drops of beer.

"Fuck's sake." Now I was drenched with beer.

Within moments, a pair of neon green police officers swarmed over him. I turned around in my seat to watch, feeling a grim satisfaction. Serves him right.

"Sir, you need to leave the stadium."

He ripped his elbow out of their grasp and sneered at them. "Piss off."

Apparently, it was the wrong thing to say. Each of them grabbed his arms and twisted them behind his back, but now his friends had noticed what was happening and they stood up, shouting at the police.

I reflexively grabbed Luke's arm and squeezed; he was still focused on the game.

"What?" he said as he turned around. "Oh."

I don't know what it was. Maybe the years of living in violent homes had prepared me to spot a volatile event before it happened, but all the hairs on the back of my neck were raised and a voice told me to get out of the stadium as soon as possible.

"Luke, we need to leave," I said, my grip on his arm was vice-like.

"What? Are you all right?"

He sounded insulted. I could almost hear his thoughts: Leave in the beginning of the match? Are you crazy? He tried to pull his arm out of my grasp but my fingers bit harder into his flesh.

"No, I'm not fucking all right."

Brandon wheeled around to join our conversion, his face pulled in a slight frown.

My heart raced like a bird beating its wings against a cage. More and more purple-red fans converged together, completely ignoring the game on the stadium, infused with alcohol and rage.

The West Ham fans in our section stood up in unison, some of them making threatening gestures towards the police. The policemen jostled to the side and they yelled into their radios, fear written all over their faces. Then one of the fans grabbed an officer and another one sank his fist into his stomach. The policeman crumpled to his feet and submerged under a wave of furious fans.

"Oh, shit."

Suddenly, Luke climbed over our seats with a determined look on his face. "I'm going to help him."

I looked at Brandon's stunned face. "Where is he going?"

Is he nuts? "Luke!" I lunged forward and caught his sleeve. "This is no time for bravado!"

"I need to help him," he roared at me.

Brandon leapt over the seats and grabbed Luke's arm. "Mate, listen. You can't help him. You'll get the piss beaten out of you."

"Luke," I screamed when he turned back towards the cop. "Don't be stupid. You'll get killed."

A line of policemen moved down the stands with riot gear. I pointed towards them. "Look, help's on its way. Let's go."

The entire situation blew up from a pack of rowdy fans to an all out riot within only a few minutes. I grabbed my purse and climbed over the seats as Luke came to his senses. Several of the rabid fans were already backing away from the police. Bleeding profusely from his nose, the policeman resurfaced and unhooked his baton swinging from his hip. Luke's arm curled around my shoulder as we swept up the stands, desperate to get away. All around us, people were fighting and yelling-there was confusion everywhere. I saw several West Ham fans ganging up on a Tottenham supporter with broken, sharp pieces of plastic in their hands.

Luke broke away from me and pulled off a man beating on a crumpled Tottenham fan lying down under the seats. They grappled with each other and suddenly fists were flying. Bright camera flashes suddenly burned my eyeballs and I glanced towards them, horrified at the group of photographers clicking away. I turned around and tried to block the scene and screamed as Luke's face whipped back with a fierce blow. Suddenly, Brandon jumped into the fray and pulled him off Luke. I slipped off my heels and held one in my hand as a weapon, ready to stab anyone who attacked me with the pointed stiletto.

His shirt was ripped and he was bleeding from his mouth. He winced at the bright flashes and held his arm over his eyes.

His lips moved to form one word as his eyes widened.

"Fuck."

Chapter 7

"Well, you can't say it wasn't an interesting match," said Brandon. His cheery voice echoed hollowly in Luke's hotel suite.

Luke smoldered on the couch, glaring moodily at Brandon. "We didn't even get to half-time. The tickets were two hundred pounds each."

Holy crap. All that money wasted. I sat next to him and stroked his arm. "Yeah, thanks for bringing me to the football game," I said in a dry voice. "I mean, now I can say that I've been to one. I'll never forget the experience."

For a moment, Brandon's eyes met mine and he looked like he wanted to laugh, but he quickly looked away.

"You don't have to be so sarcastic," Luke said, glowering at me. He suddenly covered his eyes with one hand and rubbed the bridge of his nose. "They took photos of me fighting. I can't wait to see the headlines."

Suddenly, I remembered what it was that we were doing and that his father would almost certainly see photos of Luke fighting with the West Ham fan. I sobered instantly and squeezed Luke's hand.

"Alright, well, I'll let you get patched up and maybe later we can meet up."

"Yeah, maybe."

I stood up and took Brandon's hand. I wished that he would stop looking at me with that calculating look. "See you later."

"It was lovely meeting you."

He gave me a swift smile and then he swept from the room. I didn't move until I heard the elevator door chime.

My bare feet turned on the slick marble floor and I gazed around at the stunning suite. I had to suppress a wide grin as I took it all in. We might've hit a snag at the football match, but so what? It was the most exciting day of my life. All day I walked around sightseeing and I was having the best time of my life, but Luke wasn't.

"I'm glad that you think this is funny," he said in a dour voice.

My face fell as I noticed his face flushed with humiliation and anger. "I'm not laughing at you. I'm just really happy here. I really want to thank you so much for everything."

He didn't say anything, but his eyes softened slightly.

I rejoined Luke on the white leather couch. He was still holding the icepack on his face. His hand was white with cold and a wave of sympathy rippled through me.

"Here, let me take it," I said, placing my hand on his icepack. The goose bumps on my arm were raised as I inched closer to him. Our faces were close and he was looking at me with his hard, blue eyes that always made me feel vulnerable. "Your friend doesn't seem to like me very much."

"He's just suspicious. Usually the girls I'm with are gold diggers."

That took me aback. "Do I look like a gold digger?"

His shoulder shrugged under my hand. "No. You don't act like one, either. That's probably why he's confused."

"He's going to figure this out. He's going to realize it's all a sham." There was a sharp, painful feeling in my chest as I said it. None of this felt fake. I looked at his face, trying to register his feelings. I wanted him to say something.

Before I could stop myself, my hand flew to his hair and I began to brush the dark strands off his forehead. He closed his eyes and sighed, his neck craning over the couch as his shoulder sagged. "I'm worried about my father. He's going to get the wrong idea from those photos because I used to get into fights at football matches."

The fact that poised, dignified Luke would do something so pedestrian made me want to laugh. The two images clashed horribly. It didn't make sense. It was like seeing the Queen of England throwing back a pint at a dive bar. "Maybe you should call him now and explain it all before it's in the papers."

Luke made a dissenting sound. "It'll just make it worse if I bring attention to it." His eyes opened and blazed with intensity. "I don't have to explain myself to him."

I just kept stroking his hair, dragging my fingertips across his scalp. "I'm going to take the icepack off for a few minutes." I set the icepack on the coffee table and smiled at Luke's grumpy expression. I leaned in slightly, my hair falling like a curtain between our faces as I gave him a kiss on his frozen cheek. His skin was so cold that it burned my lips. The blue eyes watched me carefully as I leaned back and resumed my stroking of his hair.

"Why are you doing this?" His voice was as cold as his skin.

"You know, not everyone has an ulterior motive revolving around screwing you over."

"Not in my world." He shook his head. "Do you know how rare it is for someone to approach me without expecting something in return?"

I would, I thought fervently as a dull longing throbbed inside my chest. I would never take advantage of you, ever. "You don't give people a chance."

"What are you talking about?"

"Luke, the first night we met you shoved a NDA in my face."

He looked bewildered. "So?"

"So, if you do that with everyone you meet, you're never going to be able to trust anyone. Sometimes, you have to take a risk to get what you want." I spoke more about myself than him. My cheeks went a bit pink as Luke gave me a shrewd look. "I was always afraid of men. Well, ever since my childhood. Being alone with men made me panic, so I never dated. I never had boyfriends. I just avoided the whole thing, even though a part of me was desperately lonely. Even though it wasn't reasonable." I looked at him directly. "Just like it's not reasonable to make everyone you know sign a NDA."

He sighed and waved me off. "For all I know, this is just part of your con."

"You're the one who interviewed my foster parents," I said in a shaking voice. "I'm not lying about that. I've had a lot of bad experiences, Luke. They warped my perception of people, just like yours have. A part of me knows that they ruined me."

Heat flushed under my skin and my hand fell from Luke's neck to clench into a fist at my side. I hated what they had done to me. They did ruin me. Look at me. I'm with this gorgeous man because he's paying me, because I'm too fucked in the head to find something real. I couldn't look at Luke anymore and I dropped my face into my hands. My face was screwed up in pain, fighting against the pressure building up behind my eyes.

His thigh bumped against my leg as he slid closer to me and began rubbing my back. "Sometimes, I feel like that, too. Whenever he'd visit, he never had anything to say to me that wasn't a criticism."

I cringed against the heat in his voice, even though it wasn't directed towards me.

"Even now, he calls me up to complain about everything: from the women I date to my management style to whatever the hell he notices in the press. It's his fault that my mother killed herself. You're not ruined, Jessica. You can't think of yourself as a victim. It's not healthy."

His hand on my back reminded me that there were people in the world who cared about me, and the fact that his voice wasn't full of pity made me feel a bit better. His hands curled around my shoulders and I allowed myself to be lifted up. He steered me into his arms and I collapsed into his warm strength, allowing myself to feel better. I still felt a pang of self-pity. No matter how genuine Luke seemed, I was just a means to an end. He needed me to protect his money. Maybe he felt something for me, but he would never trust me.

"I am really lonely." I said it in such a low voice that I didn't think he would hear. My chest tightened with this embarrassing admission, but I had already told him things that I had never told anyone before. Why? I tried to search for an answer, but all I could come up with was that we both seemed to be running away from things in our past. Even though we were from two completely different worlds, I had a lot in common with him. When I pressed myself against his chest and felt his heart pounding against mine, it was easy to forget that this was an arrangement.

"Me too."

I was startled at the emotion cracking through his voice. I looked up and he seized my head, almost forcing his lips over mine. I fell backwards onto the couch and gasped as his heavy weight fell over me. I was registering nothing but shock. Holy crap, what's happening? My heart was pounding somewhere in my throat, all of my ills forgotten. All I could focus on was the sharp contours of Luke's body over mine, his mouth hungrily devouring every inch of my flesh as he kissed a hot trail down my throat.

I heard myself murmur a small oath as his lips and tongue brushed hotly over the top of my breast. A small moan ripped through me as he teased the delicate flesh, sending sharp, electrical signals down my body. I was amazed at how strong the response was in my body; it was jarring. My fingers were tangled in his dark head, roaming up and down his lean back.

He let out a small moan as he pulled back from my body, teasing the buttons of my blouse out of their holes one by one. "God, you are incredible."

I said nothing. I couldn't speak-I was confused. Desire and fear were mingling together in a whirlwind of emotion, crashing against my ribcage like an animal clawing to get out. I want him, but am I ready for this? An impatient voice inside me told me to shut the hell up.

His face had that sort of drowsy look, infused with lust. I sat up and allowed my shirt to roll off my shoulders. Every sound was amplified and it dropped to the ground with a harsh whisper. I shivered slightly in the cold, wanting and not wanting him. Under my jeans I felt the bulge of his erection, livid against my thigh. The roar of my blood pounding in my ears was deafening. I wanted him to go further. I wanted to feel his hands all over my naked flesh. I thought of his hands moving inside the waistband of my jeans and his fingers curving into my wetness and my stomach trembled. My legs moved on either side of his waist.

He groaned and leaned forward, his lips plucking my breast and his fingers scraping my shoulders, the thin bra straps drooping down my arms. With every kiss, I was being healed. It was as though Luke was reaching inside my core and mending my pieces back together. Why did I wait this long? This feels so good.

"Dammit," he hissed as pulled back from me as though he was burned. "This isn't right."

It was like falling into an ice bath, and the wonderful, euphoric feeling dissipated like gas. "What?"

His face was hot and bothered, his lips still slightly swollen. He held my face in his hands very gently and stroked my cheek with his thumb. "I really, really want to, Jessica. But it's not right. You're an employee."

"To hell with that! I want this, too."

He shook his head resignedly and moved away from me. I think he wanted to distance himself as much as possible. "I need to do something-"

He leapt up from the couch, clearly terrified by how close he had come to losing control. Luke dashed out of sight and I was left with the searing heat of his hands all over my flesh, slowly fading away.

* * *

LUKE PARDINI CAUGHT IN FOOTBALL MATCH BRAWL

Under the bold headline was a rather impressive photo of Luke clocking the West Ham supporter with a terrific right hook.

Years of boozing finally seems to be catching up to young Luke Pardini, as he was caught fighting a West Ham supporter earlier today at Boleyn Ground.

Not wanting to read anymore, I set down Brandon's smart phone. Luke leaned back into his chair and his cheeks filled with air, looking like he was past caring about anything at all. A small bruise bloomed on his cheek, but I managed to cover most of the damage using my makeup.

I didn't forget about what happened earlier. I could barely pay attention to the conversation; my mind kept obsessing over how amazing Luke's tongue had felt and how close we had come towards really hot sex. I felt my chest burn in precisely the same area where his lips had sucked my breast. I clenched my fists under the table.

Luke gave no impression that he was thinking of the same thing. He raised an eyebrow at me, probably wondering why I was staring at him.

"Whatever happens, happens," he said dully as the waiter set down three dripping mugs of cider in front of us.

"Cheers," Brandon said to the waiter. He swiveled his concerned gaze to Luke, who picked up his mug and gulped it down.

I looked down at the golden liquid and took a sip. It was wonderfully crisp and light, like apple juice but not as sweet, with a slight kick of alcohol. This will go great with the pie. We were in a tavern in London that apparently made great savory pies. I had the impression that this was one of Luke's favorite spots to eat in London, and that Brandon was on a mission to cheer him up.

It's time to change tact. "How did you two become friends?"

A slow smile spread across Brandon's face. "Well, we went to the same boarding school. We were in the same year and both of us had an affinity for Pokemon cards. We used to play all the time."

I snorted into my cider and even Luke smiled apologetically. "That's so weird. I did the same thing with my best friend, Natalie. We didn't have the cards, though. We just played on our Gameboys."

"We also played Dungeons and Dragons."

This time, I couldn't stop myself from laughing. "Oh my God. That's so nerdy." I gave Luke a playful swat on his leg. "This is the kind of juicy gossip I would expect on a tabloid. It's a lot more shocking than reading about you punching out someone. Dungeons and Dragons!"

He gave me a thin smile and zeroed in on me. "How did you both meet?"

My insides froze as I tried not to glance at Luke. Well, shit. We had never come up with a rehearsed plan and my brain moved rapidly, trying to think of a quick, believable lie. Fuck!

"It was a support group," I blurted. "F-for people with abusive parents."

A stunned silence followed my words and my face radiated heat. Oh, God. Why did I say that? I clutched Luke's hand under the table and winced at the force of his fingers wrapped around my palm. I desperately hoped that my utter fear would be seen as humiliation from admitting something so private. Luke's going to kill me.

Brandon was a gentleman to his core. If he felt any sort of stunned disbelief, he kept it to himself. Nothing showed on his face except polite interest. "That's really, well-"

"Yeah," I said too quickly. "We just started talking and we realized that we had so much in common." I gave Luke a quick glance. He wore an expression appropriate to being clubbed over the head. "I'm sorry, baby. I know you like to keep these things private, but I figured that since Brandon was an old friend, it would be fine."

"It is fine," he said in a voice that implied otherwise.

I grimaced at Brandon, who almost looked sorry for me. "I just don't know what to tell people when they ask, you know? I'm just a normal person from the Bay Area. Lots of people look at me and him and they don't really get it."

Luke stood up abruptly and my hand slipped from his grasp. He gave me one look of extreme disapproval before announcing that he was going to the loo.

"Oh, shit," I whispered as Luke stormed from the table and I hid myself in my hands. "He's going to be so mad at me."

Brandon awkwardly patted me on the back, but when I looked up his face was full of sympathy for me. The pain twisting my guts loosened slightly.

"Luke's a pretty private person, but I'm really glad he's going to this support group with you. He really needs it. Don't tell him I said that," he added.

"No, of course not." Guilt squirmed inside me. Even his friends could see how badly his father was tormenting him.

"He's always been a great friend, but he's never really been very happy. It's hard to when you have a dad like his."

I wasn't sure if I should be talking to Brandon like this, but I couldn't resist. "Maybe it runs in the family," I said, thinking of his mother's suicide.

He shrugged. "I don't know. I'm just glad he has someone who has gone through the same thing. He's my best mate and I want him to be happy. I'm sorry if I came off a bit standoffish when we first met; I wasn't sure about you. A lot of girls are usually only with him for the money, but you're not like any of the girls he's been with."

The guilty feeling in my stomach doubled and I half-heartedly returned his beaming smile. I am with him for the money-sort of. I didn't like lying to him, and I battled an overwhelming urge to confess and tell him the whole truth. He wouldn't tell anyone. My fingers moved restlessly around the glass mug. Luke would be very upset. I stamped down on my urge to tell Brandon and looked down. For the first time, I felt really guilty about this whole arrangement. How many people would I have to lie to? I hoped that they weren't as nice as Brandon.

"What's his father like?"

"I've only seen him a few times, really. To me, he seemed polite. Maybe a bit cold. That's quite normal, though. I know everything about him through what Luke has told me, and he has told me some terrible things. It's not just him, though. It's the cousins and his uncle. They all want a piece of Luke's inheritance and they'll do anything to get it."

My fingers were white around the handle of the mug. "Can't he get power of attorney over his father?"

Brandon shook his head.

What a mess, I thought. Part of me wondered whether it would be such a horrible thing if Luke's father wrote him out of his will. Sure, he'd lose his inheritance, but didn't he have a great deal of money in his bank account already? Didn't he have millions of dollars worth of property? How many millions does one need, anyways? At least he'd be out of his father's influence for good, and he would never have to stress about his family trying to usurp his inheritance.

"Would it be the worst thing in the world if he lost it? Wouldn't it be good to be out of his father's hair once and for all?"

He stared at me with a shocked expression as if I had suggested that we boil Luke's head. "What-give up his legacy? Are you mad?"

I shrugged and my face went a bit pink. "It's just-I would be happy with a million dollars. Why does anyone really need that much money?"

"It's not about the money."

Bullshit. I rolled my eyes at him. "It's totally about the money. Look, I understand. Losing that kind of money would make anyone crazy."

"It's not about the money. It's his inheritance. He deserves it. He's earned it. The money might go to people who don't deserve it, who aren't even affiliated with the company at all."

Despite his assurances to the opposite, I still didn't think Luke would be as motivated if his inheritance was a few thousand dollars. How does one earn five billion dollars? You can't. Mr. Pardini could do whatever he wanted with his money. Still, it was an asshole move to deliberately shove your only son out, especially when he had worked so hard his whole life for his father's approval.

Hell, who am I kidding? He does deserve it. Luke worked his whole life expecting to take his father's mantle. To have it ripped out of his hands when this line of work was the only one he knew would be downright cruel.

At that moment, Luke decided to rejoin us at the table and I sat tight-lipped, avoiding his gaze. The waitress brought us three steaming pies surrounded by mashed potatoes and a moat of gravy and I soon forgot everything I was worried about. Brandon laughed at me as I sighed in ecstasy with each bite. The steak and ale pie was dripping with decadence; the meat had been slow-cooked for hours so that it fell apart and melted in my mouth. The gravy mingling with the mustard seed mashed potatoes was delicious and I devoured it quickly, burning my tongue in the process. After we finished, we sat for a while and enjoyed the peace of a warm, full belly. Brandon patted his full stomach and stood up to leave.

"Should probably get going."

"I hope I see you again," I said, shaking his hand.

"Likewise."

I don't know why, but I felt as though I made a lifelong friend. I couldn't say why I thought this, but we had reached a sort of mutual understanding through both of our attempts to help Luke. I did want to help him in any way I could, even if there wasn't any money involved.

Luke stepped forward to grasp Brandon in a one-armed hug and then he turned to me as Brandon left the pub.

I couldn't read his face. "Luke, I'm really sorry. I didn't know what to say-"

"Don't be sorry. That was brilliant, even if it was a bit mortifying."

My cheeks flushed at his praise and they burned even brighter when he smiled at me.

* * *

Over the next couple weeks, Luke made a point to avoid staying too long with me in the same room and I was left alone for hours while he went to work. It wasn't too terrible. I used the money I earned to travel across England, but it was quite lonely. I visited York by train, refusing to accept Luke's offers of a hired car to take me there. I visited York Minster Abbey and marveled at the Gothic splendor. I climbed the abbey's spiral staircase-hundreds of stairs that led to a narrow passage along the abbey's wall, to another series of steps that finally brought me to the roof. The view was fantastic; I could see the whole town and the castle walls sprawling around the town, encasing hundreds of red-thatched roofs and neat trees. When I left the abbey, I just walked around the medieval town and climbed the ramparts, wishing that I had someone-anyone to experience it with.

On the weekends, Luke and I went out together on dates. We kissed in front of paparazzi, we made out in park benches, and we took trains to Bath, Oxford, to the Lake District. The sexual tension between us was as taut as a tightrope, trembling, ready to snap. It all felt so damn real, but every time we returned to the hotel, Luke acted cold and distant. He separated himself from me the moment we stepped inside, as though he couldn't wait to be rid of me.

There was an aching hole inside my chest. Even though I was traveling the UK and doing the things I always wanted to, I was absolutely miserable. I no longer enjoyed going out with him-he made me feel even lonelier than I did when I walked alone.

There were times when I thought Luke could sense my simmering emotions. I dropped his hand before we entered the hotel and Luke gave me a sidelong glance, which I ignored. I entered the hotel room and watched him check his phone. I gazed at his hands, lips, and face. I was always holding his hand, feeling his gentle caresses-I felt his body all the time, and yet I longed for him because I knew that his heart wasn't really into it. He was just going through the motions. Whenever he touched me, it was like a solar flare in my body. I was paralyzed and giddy, and then he would push me aside the moment we were alone and I felt ugly. Unwanted. I was enamored with him, but he could care less.

I would never let him see how upset I was. My insides were bursting with the need to tell him how I felt. Just tell him. You have nothing to lose.

I closed my eyes. "Luke?"

"Hm?"

"I can't take this anymore." I looked up as the elevator lights beamed with the sixth floor.

I opened my eyes again while Luke looked at me with a puzzled expression. "What do you mean?"

Luke sucked in his breath as I closed in on him. I was close enough to see the vein jumping in his throat.

"I can't go on kissing you every day and acting like it means nothing to me. I want you. I have feelings for you. I can't just switch them off, it's driving me crazy."

He finally looked up from his phone, his mouth parted. "Jessica, I'm just-"

Sadness billowed around me like a cloud. I turned away from him and faced the wall. "Fine."

A heavy weight settled on my shoulder. His abdomen bumped into my back and I tried to stamp down the swell inside my heart. His fingers brushed aside the strands of hair on my naked shoulder, and just that was enough to make the heat between my legs blaze into a forest fire.

"You never let me finish," he breathed.

I turned around and he looked at me with a lopsided smirk. I hated that. He bent his head. His hands fell on my head and his lips seared against mine in a slow, long kiss. I moaned into him and his tongue slipped inside, flicking my tongue as if his head was between my legs. As I imagined that, my hands slid around his back and clenched over his ass.

"Is this what you want?" he asked in a heated whisper when he broke the kiss.

I glared at him, angry with him and at myself for allowing him to get to me so easily. "Don't toy with me."

"I'm not toying with you. Do you think this is easy for me?"

My cheeks burned as he grabbed my breast and pinched my nipple. "You make me feel lonely. Like I'm unwanted. Can't we be friends, at least?"

"I'm sorry. I was just trying to keep my distance."

He didn't seem to care about distance anymore. I gasped as he unzipped my pants and pulled my panties down. "Luke! They might be recording-we're in an elevator for crissakes." I looked at him in amazement. What had I done to get him so excited?

"So? I love that you're so blunt. Straight to the point. You're unlike any girl I've ever met."

My emotions felt like a Ping-Pong match. How does he do this to me? He cupped my mound with his palm, which was soaking wet with my arousal. He dipped into me with his finger, watching my face transform with a satisfied smirk.

"Luke."

"That's it," he whispered. "I want to get you off."

There were two fingers inside me now, pumping inside my wet walls. I clenched myself around him and seized Luke's head, burying my tongue in his mouth. He kept the same steady rhythm, his fingers curling into the spot that made me moan out loud. It was increasing and I felt my stomach clench as Luke pushed me towards my breaking point. I cried out and felt my core contracting around his fingers as he plunged them in hard one last time.

The elevator doors opened to our floor and Luke slid his wet fingers out of me. I saw the bulge in front of his pants and knew that he wanted to bury himself inside me. But he wouldn't. He shook his head.

"I can't, Jessica, but I want to."

* * *

Weeks passed and Luke's father kept an unsettling silence. Returning from work one day, Luke paced the hotel suite, repeatedly asking me if anyone called. Things between us were tense lately due to the fact that Luke and I couldn't have sex despite the fact that we desperately wanted it.

"Why hasn't he called?" he repeated over and over as he loosened the tie from his neck and began unbuttoning his shirt.

I watched him anxiously, my eyes flicking from the toned skin peeking out from his shirt to his eyes. I didn't know what to tell him. "He'll call. Maybe he's busy." I knew that my assurances meant nothing to him, but I didn't know what else to do.

Luke looked at me with a bit of heat in his gaze as he ripped off his shirt and threw it on the floor. "He's busy harassing the nurses, I'm sure. This is just another way for him to screw with me."

An ostentatiously loud ringing filled the hotel suite and Luke stood shock still. It was coming from the office. Wow, that's creepy. He stared at me

"Well, answer it!" I yelled as the second ring jarred the air.

He sprinted towards the office and I followed swiftly, hanging awkwardly near the door, which Luke left ajar. Should I stay here?

"Luke Pardini," he answered in a tight voice.

I peeked inside and saw Luke hunched over the desk, shirtless, looking as though he wanted to throw up. He saw me looking and pressed the speakerphone button.

"Hello, Luke," said a wizened, male voice. "I see that you've been very busy this past few weeks. A new girlfriend and a drunken brawl already?"

"Hi Dad," he said in a grim voice. "I wasn't drunk. I was trying to help someone and-"

"I'm not interested in hearing your excuses. I'm more interested about the girl. She doesn't look like the tarts you usually date."

I yanked my necklace chain against my skin.

"Well, her name is Jessica." Luke gave me a worried look. "She has a BA in English-"

"Useless degree. What else?"

A ripple of anger went through me. Useless? Well, I had heard it before.

"She-um, she volunteers at a soup kitchen every week and wants a job in editing."

"How quaint."

I was astounded at how demeaning he could sound in the few words that he spoke.

The speaker of the phone let out a garbled sigh. "Luke, I called because I'm removing you from VP of Acquisitions for a few weeks."

Luke's shout of rage was enough the make the walls tremble. "You're what?"

"I can't afford to get any more bad press on the company. You do know that you're a magnet for it, right? I don't know why you like to make my life so difficult."

"Dad, you can't believe everything you read in the press!"

The explosion of rage that erupted from the speaker made me back away.

"Do you think it matters to the shareholders? What about the board members? They see you as a loose cannon. You've attracted so much negative attention to the company and I do not want anything getting in the way of the Hilton merger. I am sick and tired of our name being dragged through the mud because you can't fucking grow up!"

"Then you can say good-bye to the multi-million dollar deal I just made in San Francisco!"

The voice screaming through the speakerphone suddenly drew a sharp breath and began a violent coughing fit. When the voice recovered, his tone was shrewd.

"What deal?"

"I didn't tell you, but I discovered a bed and breakfast chain in the city with high profit margins and cut them a deal. They're all over California, and we have plans to expand to Oregon and Nevada. It will net us an annual thirty million dollars. I was going to tell you when it was finalized."

I almost winced at the unspoken plea in Luke's voice: I wanted to impress you, Dad.

"What will make me happy is having a son that doesn't shame me and the name he was born into. When are you visiting me?"

Luke didn't bother answering back. He smashed his fist down and ended the call, making the phone bounce off the table. He bent over and picked up the phone. He grunted as he hurled the machine at the glass, but the phone was one of those expensive, well-constructed, sleek models and it didn't break.

"Luke, stop!"

He yelled at the fallen phone. His screams seemed to be a combination of insults and unintelligible outbursts of sheer rage.

I never saw him lose complete control like this. I tiptoed towards him, ripping back my hand as I approached him. I was scared that if I touched him, he would whirl around and unleash some of his rage on me. He kicked the phone across the room and paced in front of the glass, refusing to turn around.

"Luke!"

He slammed his fist into the glass and crushed his hand. I saw his dark reflection in the glass and his lips were parted as if he had just finished a thoroughly exhausting run. "I hate him," he whispered into the glass.

My heart constricted painfully. I knew what it was like to be bullied by a parental figure. When my foster parents weren't threatening me with violence, they would utter snide comments about everything I did, always comparing me to their perfect son, Vincent. I placed my hand on his trembling shoulder and I took it as a good sign that he didn't throw my hand off. I spread my fingers like a starfish and stroked his shoulder. When he didn't protest, I lifted my other hand and did the same to the other side. I crept up behind him and tentatively curled my hands around the firm muscles of his abdomen. Luke's body leaned against mine. My heartbeat was almost painful.

Maybe I should say something. "I'm sorry that you have a jerk father."

Luke took one of my hands inside his and I felt a swift flare of attraction as he traced lines in my palm. "I think he wants to drive me to commit suicide like he did with my mom."

My chest froze as I digested this. It was too horrible to consider. No, that's too much. It can't be true. "No," I said quickly. "I think he's just cranky from his illness and he's pissed that you won't visit him and he wants to hurt you. If you died, he wouldn't have anyone left to bully."

He turned around in my arms and looked at me down his straight nose. "Hell, maybe you're right."

Still, his hollowed eyes were shining with years of tortured anguish. Deep down, he was still a little boy desperate for his father's approval and some scrap of affection. He knew he would never get it. He was a man without love or guidance, and he looked utterly lost.

My eyes burned as tears slowly welled up. I had no one to look up to when I was growing up. I wasn't very close with Natalie's family. After I turned seventeen, I left my foster parents to live in a group home for a couple years. They were two dark years fueled by drugs and alcohol. Though I had escaped my abusers, the nightmares, the pain, and the panic attacks refused to go away. It was either drugs or a noose. I needed something to take it away.

They made me go to rehab when they found out I was hooked on painkillers, and when I finished the program, Natalie insisted that I move in with her. I remembered sitting in the car with her, my stomach feeling strangely empty as if I had vomited for hours. I sat in that car with no fucking idea what I was supposed to do with my life. I had absolutely no one to ask for advice, no idea what to do or what I wanted. I just copied what Natalie was doing and applied to the same college she planned to attend.

Luke did the same thing.

He still didn't move from me, the same resigned expression on his face that I knew deeply. His lips pulled into a bitter, half-smile and he shrugged his shoulders. Suddenly, I knew from the bottom of my heart that this would end badly. We were two damaged souls and together we were a self-destructive entity. The suggestion to drink ourselves into oblivion was hanging on my lips.

But he moved in closer before I could speak. "I need to feel good about something."

His lips came crashing down on mine and I responded with a fervor that made his back slam against the glass wall. It was probably our first real kiss, not borne out of a desire to present an image to the press, but borne out of a visceral need to feel better. I needed him. I needed his closeness, his naked chest writhing over mine, and his lips and tongue fondling my breast. I moaned into his mouth as his hands slid underneath my shirt and groped my breasts, his thumbs slipped under my bra and grazed my flesh, flicking my erect nipples.

Luke's mouth pulled away only to lift my shirt from my head, and then his lips were sealed against mine once again, his hot hands wrapped around my back to search for the clasp of my bra. It snapped away with one twist of his fingers and I felt the shock of the cold stinging my nipples. Luke closed the space between us and kissed my neck. My head tilted back and I let myself dissolve into the ecstasy that was his lips and tongue. His fingertips ran up and down my body, running up the small of my back and along the curve of my breasts. Then his hands began to tease the waistband of my jeans, slipping his fingers through to stroke the very top of my ass, curving around my hip bones and slipping down the thin fabric of my panties. His middle finger stroked my mound in a circular motion, both of us breathing hard. The familiar feeling of desire and fear reared up again, but I knew I was safe with Luke and it all felt so incredible. I reached down and unzipped my jeans and Luke bent down slightly to pull my jeans and panties down my legs. I wrapped my arms around myself, now completely exposed, and gazed at Luke with a little bit of fear.

He sighed in pained voice. "You are so gorgeous and I want you so badly, but-"

"-No." I covered his lips with my hand and his blue eyes cut through me. "Please, don't. I need this, too."

My head was ringing. I was stark naked in Luke Pardini's hotel suite, overlooking the night sky of London in his office. Perhaps I was dreaming. He nodded at me and I uncovered his lips.

"Ok, then."

He grinned as he suddenly swept me into his arms and I yelped as I was lifted into the air. Luke sat down in the office chair with my body in his arms. I was curled over his legs and chest. I liked it. It was much more intimate. His erection was like a rock under my legs and I felt a stab in my chest, but he leaned over and kissed me, stifling my violent vortex of thoughts. Then he kissed my neck and then my breast, until finally his tongue went for the kill and sucked my puckered nipple until it was raw.

I moaned his name and wrapped my arms around his head, tugging at his dark locks as he sucked and tongued. His other hand groped down my hips, searching for the damp heat between my legs. His fingers found my slit and he rubbed the ridge of his middle finger up and down; I was so wet that I could hear myself all over his hands.

Everything condensed to just us; the external sounds disappeared and the background seemed to fall away like in a dream. His body was lean and hard, full of a powerful desire for me. He was like a furnace, chasing away every wisp of cold that clung to my skin. He stroked a finger inside me, curving it and striking just the right spot with the tip of his finger. I bucked my hips and cried out as pleasure bloomed all over my body.

Every thought was consumed by pleasure. I cried out for more, but Luke smiled patiently and resumed his careful rhythm. I gripped his head and forced his lips over mine. His finger slipped out and I felt him pull back as he looked at me seriously.

"Jessica, you only need to say so and we'll stop right now."

"No, don't stop. Don't ever stop."

All common sense flew out the window. Who cared if he paid me? My body was screaming for him. My hands moved across his thighs and felt his hardness like an iron rod in his slacks. I unzipped his pants and he fell into my hands, thick and heavy. Luke's briefs slid to the floor as I straddled his trim waist, my breast throbbing with my heartbeat.

"Wait." He grabbed a little square packet from what seemed like nowhere and ripped it open, rolling the thin latex over his throbbing member.

Then he looked at me, not moving a muscle. It was all up to me, then. I felt a surge of-I don't know what-freedom? For the first time, I had complete control. He was giving it to me. I raised my hips over his thick thighs and sunk downwards. Then his hips pressed upwards and he was spearing me, splitting me open. I gripped his hair so hard that he grunted in pain. It was painful-shocking, almost as if I was a virgin again. For what seemed like forever, I slowly sank down, gradually admitting more of him inside me as my walls parted.

"Jessica," he moaned against my breast, his cavernous mouth opening to swallow my breast. Heat exploded over my skin.

God, he felt good. I slowly raised my hips, feeling his cock sliding out before I plummeted back down, so suddenly that we both gasped. Every thrust made my toes curl, he began to hold my hips and thrust upwards as he met my downward plunges. We connected with a satisfying, wet smack and our mouths met each other in a series of desperate, breathless kisses. I increased the rhythm, groaning as his cock pounded my sensitive core. All of the sounds of sex and his deep voice uttering little moans all whirled inside my head, bringing me higher and higher. My nails dug into his shoulder as the pace quickened. Every nerve inside me screamed for release, and his hot hands gripping my hips and his mouth and his skin, slightly damp under my hands-all of it combined suddenly and I cried out as I felt him plunge my depths one last time. I gripped his head, feeling his thighs flexing under me as I leaned into him and my body shattered. All the energy left my body to be replaced by warm, exhausted happiness.

Luke let out a long moan that made my heart thud against my chest and then his cock jumped inside me. I collapsed against his heaving chest, paralyzed with happiness. As I looked up at him and stroked his hair, it was almost in a loving caress. He kissed me long and hard, his hands still moving all over my body. He broke away, still breathing heavily.

"I needed this." He gave me another smoldering look before he kissed my neck wetly. "You make me want to go again."

I couldn't say how much his words thrilled me, and for the second time I felt afraid. I was giving too much of myself to this man. I looked at him and knew that I would be devastated when we parted ways. Was this love or was it just infatuation?

He sighed into my neck. "I'm getting really confused about our arrangement. I don't know if this is a good idea."

"Does it feel like a bad idea?"

"Well, no."

"Then why can't we enjoy it? I'm already too attached to you anyways. It's going to hurt no matter what."

His eyes were shining. He cupped my cheek and didn't look away. "Oh, Jessica."

I hated the softness in his voice. He didn't say anything more, but he didn't have to. His face was full of regret. I slipped from his lap, tears already falling down my face as I bent down and gathered my clothes.

"Jessica. Jessica, wait!"

I ran into the bathroom to escape him and then I looked at my crumpled face and sobbed. He doesn't want me like I want him. I remembered that the whole point of this was to help Luke. He was paying me a huge sum of money to help him and I had no right to be upset. Luke had said from the beginning that this was never going to be anything more than a two-dimensional relationship. I needed to accept that.

"Jessica, I'm sorry. It's my fault. I shouldn't have-"

I ripped open the bathroom door as rage exploded in my stomach. I was still naked, but Luke had pulled on his pants. I didn't even care how exposed I was. "Don't you dare say that you shouldn't have done it. Don't tell me that it was a mistake. I'm not a mistake!"

There was a desperate plea in my voice that made me feel sick.

Luke looked horrified. "I wasn't going to say that. Of course you're not a mistake. Jessica?"

Suddenly, all of the anger deflated from my chest. I just wanted to curl in a ball under my sheets. It's your fault for making me feel like I had a chance.

Luke hovered near the doorway, the conflict wreaking havoc on his face. He wanted to comfort me but he was afraid of upsetting me. "Look, we have to fly to Chicago tomorrow to visit my father at the hospice. I can't put it off any longer. Can we please talk about this after that? I just felt so overwhelmed with my father and you made me feel good. You always make me feel good."

His cheeks went a little pink and I hated myself for the hope soaring in my chest. I wiped the tears staining my cheeks and nodded. "Sure. I'll see you tomorrow."

Luke hesitated, guilt written all over his face as he looked at me. "Okay."

I looked in the mirror at my tear-stained face. Even if it amounted to nothing, I gained a victory tonight. I had sex with a man and it hadn't been a disaster. It hadn't been painful. It had been-nourishing.

Chapter 8

"I told you so," Natalie said for the umpteenth time. "I said it right before you left. I knew this would happen."

"Yeah, I know."

The phone was hot on the side of my face and damp with my sweat. I paced the hotel suite and spoke in hushed whispers, careful to avoid Luke in the living room. I was long overdue for a phone call with my best friend, who wasted no time in telling me that she was right.

"I don't care if you're right. It's worth it. I feel different, Natalie. I don't know what it is, but he makes me feel better, even if it's temporary."

Natalie's voice was soft. "Well, he seems like a decent person," she admitted grudgingly. "I'm happy for you, but at the same time I'm worried that this is going to blow up in your face. I don't think you'll feel so great when he ditches you."

I yanked my hair. "We're not together. He can't ditch me."

I could hear her rolling her eyes at me.

"Yeah, whatever. The way you talk about him, you might as well be together."

Jerk. "Well, I'm flying to Chicago today." After a beat, I added: "To meet his dad."

"Wow, your fake relationship is getting pretty serious."

I scowled at the humor in her voice. "I'm kind of losing my shit. This isn't my territory. Do I stroke his ego? Should I be a yes-man?"

"No," she said emphatically. "Just be polite. Be yourself."

Wasn't that what Luke had told me? Be yourself, Jessica. Try as I might, I couldn't feel comfortable with the idea with Luke's father. He was a bully and he reminded me too much of my foster parents. How would I handle it if he started bullying me? My face flushed with hot anger.

"You can handle a cranky, sick old man. Like most men his age, he probably just wants attention."

But it wasn't that simple. He wasn't just a cranky old man; he was a cranky old man in charge of a multi-billion dollar industry. There were millions of dollars riding on this meeting. The fate of Luke's finances depended solely on me. I wanted to laugh and laugh until I passed out. What if he didn't like me?

Natalie could sense my disquiet. "Just don't think about it, or you'll mess up. I don't know what to tell you." There was a slight pause. "By the way-I almost forgot to tell you this, but I've been keeping tabs on all the tabloids about you and Luke."

"Uh-huh."

"They still have no idea who you are, but if you ask me it's a matter of time before they track down who you are."

"You can't tell the media anything. I'm serious, Natalie. It'll put everything in jeopardy. Tell Ben not to say anything, either."

"I would never do that! Are you crazy?"

"They might offer you lots of money."

"I don't care. There's no way I'd cave, but someone else who knows you might."

"Like who?" I said dryly. As far as I was concerned, there was no one else who knew me. I never talked about my personal life to anyone. If they asked my coworkers at the soup kitchen, all they would be able to get from them is the city where I lived. "Listen, I've got to go. The car will pick us up soon. I'll text you when I land in Chicago."

"Alright. Good luck."

I hung up the phone and clenched it in my palm, wiping my other hand on my jeans. Luke kept a solemn silence the whole ride to the airport. I kept looking at him, wanting to confess my fear of meeting his father, but the whitened look on his face stopped me. I didn't want to make him feel worse, so I kept my mouth shut.

He barely spoke during the flight; he just sat still in his seat, his red-rimmed eyes staring straight ahead. I wanted to help him, but there was nothing I could say. So, I sat next to him and held his hand.

We were both exhausted when the plane landed, but Luke told me we would head straight to the hospice. In the back of my mind, I thought that we were playing right into his father's hands. Wasn't it unreasonable to expect Luke and I to hurry over there after a ten-hour flight? Whatever, it wasn't my call.

My first thought was that it looked more like a vacation home than a hospice. There were atriums containing all different flora, regionally specific and temperature controlled. Workers pushed dying men and women in wheelchairs through them. The floors and walls exuded an aura of comfort, but underneath it all was the faint stench of cleaning supplies-of hospitals and death. Death lingered in this quiet place, and all of its cheery walls and colorful paintings couldn't overshadow the dark gloom lingering in the halls.

No wonder he's miserable. No one wants to die in a place like this.

I thought about it for a moment. Where would I like to die? Probably in the comfort of my apartment, with Natalie nearby. Yes, people wanted to be with their families when they died. Didn't they?

I looked at Luke, who strode through the place with a look of perfect indifference. It was plain that he could care less about his father. Who would he want to be with?

He gave me a quick smile and my heart did a backflip.

"Don't look so nervous, Jess.' It'll be okay." The smile evaporated. "Well, actually, it might not be."

Thanks for the vote in confidence.

We were meeting with the nurse charged with Giacomo's case. I imagined that she would be strung out with stress at all the unreasonable demands Luke's father made of her, but she turned out to be a chipper forty-something year old woman.

"Mr. Pardini, it's great to finally meet you."

He nodded. "How is he?"

"He keeps us busy," she said with a twinkle in her eyes. "Visitors keep him in good spirits."

"Visitors?" Luke raised an eyebrow.

"Yes. His nephews visit every month. Sometimes twice a month."

I tried not to whimper as Luke crushed the bones of my hand. What did it mean?

"He'll be so glad to see you. He talks about you all the time."

Probably to complain about him.

"Oh, I'm sure."

The nurse's smile faltered at the tone of his voice, but she quickly recovered. "Well, it's this way."

She opened the door for us and I swallowed hard as I walked through first.

A venerable man sat upright on a hospital bed. He was so thin that deep round bruises covered his arms like a dark disease. I stood in the room, slightly breathless as I took in all the tubes and instruments quietly humming, keeping him alive. I was astonished at how similar they looked. Though his body was wasted, his face held the vestiges of great looks. His icy eyes, sharp and alert, cut through me as if he could see through my disguise. I trembled as his thin lips pulled into a grin, his eyes skull-like.

"Hi dad," Luke said tonelessly as he approached the bed. "This is my girlfriend, Jessica."

Somehow, my lips spasmed into something resembling a smile. "Nice to meet you."

"Luke tells me that your parents are dentists. Do they approve of you flying around with a man you barely know?"

So, he was getting right to it. Fine. Bring it on.

"Dad," Luke said in a sharp voice.

I held up a hand. "No, it's fine. Your dad is just trying to protect you. It's a valid question." I smiled sweetly at Giacomo. "The answer is, I don't know. I don't talk to them anymore."

"Ah!" he yelled in triumph. "I see. My son is the same way; he only talks to me when he wants more money-or when he wants to discuss work."

Why would he want to call you? All you do is make him feel like crap.

Despite himself, Luke's cheeks flushed pink. "What do you think all these visits from my cousins are for? Do you think they're doing it out of the kindness of their hearts?"

I wanted to kick Luke's leg. Why is he antagonizing him? He gave a hollow laugh as his father's face purpled. I clenched my hands into fists and watched the volley of insults back and forth like a tennis match. This couldn't be going any worse.

"At least they don't treat me like a checkbook," he spat. "Do you think I can't see through you and that bitch standing over there?"

My leg twitched and I glanced at Luke's white face. Shit. It was too late; Giacomo had noticed the exchange and his eyes narrowed.

"Dad-apologize now," he said through his teeth.

"Or what?" He grinned maniacally, knowing full well that he alone held all the power, that his son could do nothing. "You're pathetic. I knew from the second I saw those tabloid photos that this was a fraud."

Oh, shit. It was all unraveling. I turned to Luke desperately in a voice that I hoped was innocent. "What's he talking about?"

Giacomo gave me a nasty look. "So, how much is he paying you? I don't think he ever paid any of the whores he left with in those clubs."

"Shut the hell up!" Luke's head looked like it was going to explode.

His father looked slightly startled at his son's outburst. "You'll never get what you want from me. I won't allow it!"

I wanted to bend over and throw up on the pristine floor. His whole body trembled as he stood over the bed. I sprang forward, convinced that he was going to reach over and strangle his father.

"Go to hell, dad."

He spoke with such quiet venom that I flinched, afraid of the poison infecting his voice. I turned around as Luke stormed out of the room, indifferent to his father's yells and my pleas.

When the door swung shut, I slowly wheeled back to him, unable to keep the disgust out of my voice. "What's wrong with you?"

He pushed himself up on his pillows, giving me a look of justified anger. "I know what you're both doing. What, am I supposed to be pleased that my son is trying to scam me with a hooker?"

He was a bully, but he was still nothing compared to the abuse I had experienced. Giacomo Pardini was child's play. I kept my face neutral, refusing to allow his insults to harm me.

"I love your son." As I said it, I felt my face grow hot. I hadn't meant to say that-it just came out. There was a ringing in my ears and I licked my dry lips. Giacomo's face was stony, but I forced myself to continue. "I fell in love with him because he's the only one who really understands me. He gets it."

He eyed me beadily and his voice rose with contempt. "Are you really that stupid? He may have convinced you otherwise, but you're just another broad for him to fool around with. What the hell does a middle class woman from suburbia have in common with my son?"

I thought that rich people were supposed to be sophisticated. His barbs sunk deep inside my flesh, stinging me. "We met in a support group for children with parents like you."

I was pleased to see that Giacomo flinched, as though my words had truly hurt him. "Do you know what Luke thinks about you? He thinks you're trying to make him commit suicide, like you did with his mother. Now, you're trying to bully me because treating people like shit takes the edge off of hating yourself. You make me sick-"

Suddenly, his eyes went wide and he grabbed the edge of his hospital bed, looking like he wanted to climb out of it so that he could kill me. "You shut your mouth about things you don't understand." He clenched his teeth and his thin arms trembled with the energy of keeping himself upright.

I caught him by surprise at the mention of his dead wife and his voice cracked with emotion. I wasn't quite feeling guilty, but he had definitely knocked the wind out of me. I couldn't look away from the electricity rimming his eyes.

For a moment his face purpled as though he wanted to scream, and then the words burst from his mouth as though he had been dying to say them for years. "I did everything I could for that woman. I paid for therapists and psychiatrists and all of that bullshit-Luke never knew. I hid it from him. Don't you dare accuse me of trying to harm my own wife. I loved her. She wanted to die and there was nothing I could do to fix it."

Was this true? Was this a manipulation or did Luke really have the wrong side of the story? My heart thudded against my chest. "What about when you sent him away after his mother's death to live with strangers? I suppose you did that to protect him?"

He looked at me beadily. "You're damn right, it was. Do you think I wanted him around my vulture in-laws? I didn't want him to witness all of the fighting over the money and the disgusting lawsuits filed against me. When she died, their cash flow ended, and they weren't happy." Giacomo sunk into his pillows, looking very much like a tired, old man. "I just wanted him to grow up away from all this madness. I wanted him to be normal, but he turned out to be just like the rest of them."

What followed Giacomo's voice was a ringing silence. I stood shock-still, unable to believe what I was hearing. I hated him before I even met him, and yet he said things that made me question what Luke told me. I couldn't reconcile my strong dislike and the pity I felt for a man whose family fell apart.

"He didn't turn out like the rest of them. You damaged him. What he needed was his father, not to be sent over the ocean to a strange place while he grieved for his dead mother."

He sat up again with renewed vigor, spittle drizzling his chin as he screamed at me. "Everything I did was for my son-everything! You don't know what it's like to watch your own brother and your son fight over your corpse like dogs!"

I refused to relent the attack, though Giacomo's words had bothered me more than I would admit. "Instead of telling your son that you're doing what's best for him, you belittle him every chance you get. Why?"

Giacomo's fist smashed into bed. "Because he needs to grow up! He needs to treat me like a person, not a goddamn bank account."

"You're going to die alone," I shouted at him, hardly believing I could say something so horrible. "You will die alone if you don't mend things with your son."

The nurse appeared at my elbow. "Miss, you need to leave. You're upsetting my patient." The breathy girlishness was gone from her voice.

But the statement only served to further enrage the Pardini patriarch. "I'm allowed to be upset!"

"For the record," I bellowed over his voice, pushing the nurse aside. "I don't care whether you put Luke in your will or not. I think it would be good for him if he cut you out of his life. At least, he would never have to deal with you anymore."

"Miss-"

I ripped my elbow out of her hands. "I'm leaving." I stumbled out of the room in a fog of rage, hardly knowing where I was going. Luke was nowhere to be seen. I was upset with myself and my heart was racing with all of the things he said-all of the things I said. I should have kept my mouth shut. I didn't know what effect my words would have on Luke's father. What if he took everything I said to heart, and cut him off like I suggested? You're an idiot. You're a moron. Luke paid you to do a job and you blew it!

I stopped midway down the hall. It had been a quarter of an hour and there was no sign of Luke. Maybe he left. Ahead, I saw a sign for a restaurant and bar and followed it.

I found Luke perched on a barstool. It was eleven in the morning, so most of the place was empty. The bar was deserted. He stared down the tiny shot glass, a small row of empty glasses beside it. I edged up to him as he stared morosely downwards, not even acknowledging my presence, playing with the glass with his long fingers.

"Three shots at eleven A.M.? Must be some sort of record," I said lightly.

Luke shrugged and I placed my hand over his to stifle his movements.

"Didn't expect to see you here."

I blinked. "Why?"

"You heard my father. I won't be able to pay you anymore."

"Luke, I don't care about the money."

He gave me a sidelong grin that looked uncannily like his father's. "Right."

"I mean it." My heart was beating in my ears as I stole myself to tell him. Luke's father hadn't been what I had pictured. Luke had painted a dark portrait of an evil, masochistic man, but all I had seen was man full of pain, bewildered by his son's coldness. He was horribly misguided, but evil? I didn't think so. Still, on the whole, Luke would probably be better off without his dad in his life.

"I wish I had your dad," I confessed.

"Your foster parents must have been pretty terrible if you prefer him." He looked at me and flinched. "Sorry."

"No one ever gave a damn about me. If I died, no one would really notice. No one except Natalie. I don't know what being loved feels like."

"Neither do I, really."

"Your mother loved you," I said sharply. "And as mean as he is, your father still cares about you."

He laughed as he sipped the dregs of his drink. "How would you know?"

"We had a-a talk."

"'Bout what?"

I took his hand and set it in my lap, nervously squeezing his palm. "Well, I yelled at him and he told me things about you-about your mom. Maybe if you knew them, it might change your feelings about him."

Luke slipped his hand out of my grasp, shaking his head.

"No, listen. He said that he paid for psychiatrists and therapists and everything under the moon for your mom and he hid her depression from you. To protect you. He even sent you away to protect you from her in-laws, who were demanding more money and suing him. He didn't want you to see all that."

Luke, who had been shaking his head harder the more I talked, slammed his fist into the bar table so that the glasses fell on their sides. "No! Everything he says is a lie."

"Luke, in all fairness, why would he lie about that? He could probably furnish proof if you asked for it."

He turned to me, anger thickening his features. "Then why not tell me about all this? Why did he make me think it was my fault she died?"

"He probably didn't know that you felt that way. I know it's screwed up, but like I said, he thought he was doing the best thing for you. He told me he wanted you to become normal-not consumed with greed like your cousins and uncle. And you know what, it worked." Even though I told his father otherwise, I believed it now. Growing up away from all that money and influence-wasn't that a good thing? "I think you should go back there and talk to him about all of this."

He slammed a few notes on the bar table. "I don't care about it. It's too late for me to hear all of this. All I want from him is what I deserve-my inheritance."

"I told your dad something," I blurted.

Luke's wavering, drunken eyes were fixed on me. "Told him what?"

My eyes slid over his slightly wet ones. "That I'm in love with you."

He blinked and almost fell out of his stool. Then he chuckled and the sound cut through me like a knife. "Did he buy it?"

Hollowness resonated inside me. Even if I told him I meant it, he would never believe me. "Luke, I meant it about the money. I don't want you to pay me anymore. If I could, I would give it all back to you."

His eyebrows were in danger of disappearing in his hair. "Why?" he said in a voice that was completely sober.

My heart seemed to jump out of my chest. Just say it. A strong voice I had never heard before echoed inside my head; it filled me with courage. Go after what you want. "Because being with you has been the best time of my life and I don't want to be paid for it. I want it to be real."

I was already turning away. I didn't want to see him looking sorry for me; it would destroy me. His feverish hand closed over my wrist and dragged me back against my will, making me face his intense gaze.

He looked stunned. His deep blue eyes were wide and his mouth trembled. "I-I don't-"

I didn't want to hear it. I leaned into him and his arm wrapped around my waist. My lips silenced his and I tasted the alcohol swirling in his mouth and the smell of his hair that was uniquely his, clouding around me like perfume. I remembered hotly the night we had sex and how his smell lingered all over my body. I deepened the kiss, knowing that this couldn't last and that I might as well enjoy it. I pulled back and he was looking at me, breathless, as though he had never seen me before.

"I know you don't feel the same. I just had to tell you."

My hand slid from his grasp and I walked away from him then. My heart and head felt lighter. Why did I feel so happy and at the same time-wracked with sadness? The possibilities were opening up to me like a map with a hundred thousand different paths and destinations. I was free to explore them all.

* * *

After Luke sobered up, he found me waiting outside of the hospice on a park bench. He explained that we were going to see his relatives as a last ditch effort to convince his dad that this wasn't a scam. It was plain to me that Luke had chosen to ignore everything I had said in the restaurant. We drove to his relatives' house in complete silence.

Well, I guess I scared him off.

My jaw dropped as the car turned into a gated driveway, which led to the biggest mansion I had ever seen. It was Gatsby-level big, with a manicured lawn and flowers that looked like they were changed once a month. I swallowed as I saw workers entering and exiting the mansion like bees. Tables and chairs, silver and black balloons, trays and trays of catered food were brought through that tiny entrance. I looked down at myself and swore. We just left the hospice and there had been no time to change.

"You didn't tell me there was a damn party!"

"It's my uncle's birthday. Don't worry, we'll go upstairs and you can change. It's only noon."

I gaped at him. "You didn't mention-I didn't get a gift or anything!"

He rolled his eyes. "Uncle Dominic has everything he wants."

Whatever he said, I still thought that it would reflect poorly on me. Come six o' clock, I wouldn't be surprised to see a mountain of gifts in the foyer for Uncle Dominic.

The car door was flung open before I could adjust my glare and then I slid out of the leather seat, walking behind Luke as he headed towards the front door.

"I'll find my aunt and introduce you, and then we can go upstairs into the guest bedroom."

I nervously ran my fingers through my hair, finding it hopelessly tangled. Feeling close to laughter, I walked inside the mansion. The floors were too good for my sneakered feet. The marble foyer looked like it had just been polished. Beyond that, I could see dark mahogany hardwood floors in the living room, a modern stainless steel kitchen peeking around the corner. I wanted to sprint up the ebony staircase and hide in one of the guest rooms.

Luke, however, looked perfectly at home. I didn't know how he always managed to look unruffled, like he just stepped out of a men's fashion magazine.

"Aunt Beth! I'm here!"

A motherly looking woman in her sixties rounded the corner. I was pleased to see that she was dressed in casual clothing. Her face wasn't pretty, but it was the kind of face you would be happy to see if you were feeling down.

Luke grinned from ear to ear as she seized his head and kissed his cheek.

"I'm so happy to see you. You look wonderful."

"Thanks, Auntie."

Something had happened to Luke. There was lightness in his eyes and his face was smooth. I realized with a shock that Luke was-happy.

Still smiling, he motioned towards me and I shyly stepped forward. "This is my girlfriend, Jessica. I told you about her on the phone."

"Oh, yes! It's lovely to meet you."

I felt the warmth from her smile in her handshake, and I couldn't help it-I grinned back. "Thank you for letting us stay here. It's really kind of you."

"It's no trouble at all. Both of you are always welcome."

I watched in fascination as Luke allowed himself to be steered upstairs.

"You two must be exhausted. Why don't you take a nap upstairs and I'll fix you a snack when you wake up?"

Luke's hand curled around mine as he walked towards to the guest bedroom. "Sounds good. Don't go through too much trouble."

"Not at all."

The exhaustion settled in as Luke opened the door to a room with a magnificent four-poster bed, our luggage already sitting nearby. There was a flat screen television, an armoire, and an adjacent bathroom. I guess we have to share the bed. Luke turned around to me with a worried expression on his face, having come to the same realization.

"I can sit in the chair while-"

"We had sex, remember? It's not a big deal if we share the bed." Suddenly, I was irritated with him. Why was he trying to sweep it all under the rug? Maybe I was just tired. I ripped back the covers and saw that Luke was still standing there, staring at me. He froze me with that hungry, searching look. Before I knew it, he was standing right in front of me, demanding my full attention. My body seemed to shake with my pounding heart.

"Jessica, what you said earlier-did you mean it? You want me to stop paying you?"

It was hard to think when he was so close to me. He always made me feel breathless, but I knew the answer to his question. I had been bursting to tell him for days. "Yes, I meant it. I want you, Luke. I don't care about the money anymore, I just want you." My voice was rushed and I didn't look away from his eyes. I just wanted him to believe me. Believe me.

"I want you, too. All the time and everywhere."

I could feel his heat descending on me like fog. His fingers touched my lip gently, my jaw, my ears, as if he could hardly believe that I existed. His lips hovered over mine and barely touched me. It was sensitive; unlike the passionate fury he had shown me in London. It made my skin flame.

It only lasted a few seconds, our fatigue transformed into barely suppressed desire; we clung to each other like the two desperate, lonely souls that we were. His tongue swept inside my mouth as a fire leapt inside my chest. He reached up with one hand and tore apart my blouse with a violent jerk; several of the buttons snapped off and darted across the hardwood floors.

The ruined blouse fell to the floor in a crumpled heap and Luke unapologetically reached around my back and unsnapped my bra, a thrill scorching my skin as he covered my breasts with his hands, groping them roughly. I reached under his shirt and felt his abdominal muscles shiver. He unstuck his hands from my breasts so that I could pull the shirt over his head.

I had no idea how he had the time to maintain his flawless body. I ran my fingers along his clavicle, around his shoulder and back towards the taut muscles on his chest. He pulled me in and my breasts flattened against his chest, both of us thrilled at the contact. He grabbed my hair and tugged sharply; then his lips were caressing mine, sucking on my bottom lip as his hands fell from my head. He stroked my back with his fingers until his hands anchored over my ass. He lifted me slightly, his hardness grinding against my mound.

"Jessica, take off your pants."

I clenched inside as he gave me the order. A vicious voice echoed inside my head. Shut up and take off your pants. Bend over. That's it.

I'm with Luke. He would never hurt me. He's not like him.

I blinked and my eyes refocused. His face wore a concerned look as he tilted my head with a finger.

"Are you okay?"

I wasn't sure. I was consumed with desire for him and yet there was still a prickle of fear. There was doubt when I knew there shouldn't be. I hated how that bastard somehow managed to ruin every intimate moment I had with a man I really wanted. Would this ever go away? No, I won't let him ruin this for me. I'm not broken. I reached down and pulled my jeans off.

His face softened. "God, you're gorgeous."

Luke knelt down and his fingers played with the thin cotton of my panties. His middle finger curled underneath, stroking the slightly damp mound, riding between my lips. I gasped as I felt him and widened my stance. It was like a ball of electrical current pounding between my legs.

He planted wet kisses on the inside of my thighs, gently teasing the fabric. Fingernails scraped my skin as he pulled the panties down, and then I could feel his warm breath billowing over my mound. Oh, Jesus. My legs trembled and I actually let out a moan. His lips kissed my mound and his tongue quickly darted out, sliding between my lips.

"Luke-oh!"

No one had ever done this to me. The wet, slippery tongue nudged my clit, penetrating me as his mouth closed over it all as if he wanted to devour me. Then he sucked hard and I fought the urge to grind myself against his mouth. It just felt so goddamn good, and my juices were flowing all over his mouth, making wet, obscene noises that made my chest flush. Then his mouth pulled away and cold air stung my wet core; he planted another kiss on my mound before I yanked him to his feet.

He was smiling in a self-assured way, brimming with the confidence that had first drawn me to him. "I knew you wouldn't be able to resist me."

I pulled his head close to me, so that we could both feel each other's breath. I kept sliding my hands up and down his gorgeous neck, sliding my thumbs over the bump on his throat, loving every inch of him.

"You couldn't resist me either."

His slightly swollen lips beckoned me. I couldn't resist any part of him; I was addicted. My mouth crashed against his and I didn't care that I could taste myself on his lips; I wanted him to know how much I wanted him. My palm ran along the hard bump in his jeans.

The first button popped out easily and my fingers moved deftly, unzipping his pants and slipping off the tight, black briefs so that I could cradle the whole length of him in my hands. Suddenly, a dark thought entered my mind.

"Let's go in the bathroom."

"Sure."

Luke's face was glowing as he followed me into the tiled bathroom. He had no idea what was happening inside my mind. I stood in front of the mirror above the sink, watching myself in fascination as a handsome, dark-haired man enveloped his arms around my belly and kissed my neck.

I sighed with every hot kiss he planted on my neck, melting away some of my anxiety. With every glance in the mirror, I felt dread rising in my throat like vomit. "Help me, Luke."

"With what? Your heart's beating really fast."

He could feel it pounding under my left breast. I turned around and gripped Luke's waist, trying to bury myself in his comforting warmth. I couldn't. I kept feeling the palm of Vincent's hand, slamming into my back. I grabbed the edge of the sink as I was thrown forward and looked up, marveling at the cruelty of someone with such a beautiful face.

No, don't!

He spread me open with his hands and I felt the hard, piercing pain of something thick being forced inside me, splitting me open. My screams echoed in that small bathroom, loud enough for anyone inside the house to hear. When I twisted my body to get away, he grabbed my long hair and yanked hard. When it was over, he left me bleeding on the floor and my mouth gaped in a silent scream as I buried my face in Luke's chest.

The man who said he wanted me held me against him, whispering things in his soothing voice that made the pain and violence slowly fade away. I never told him about any of it, but somehow, he knew. Instinctively, he knew when I was hurting and how exactly to comfort me. I sniffed as my chest filled with a feeling that I couldn't yet place. I wanted to cry, but I wasn't upset.

"Jessica, maybe you're not ready for this. We don't have to do anything; I'm happy just to be with you."

It was such a perfect thing to say, but I shook my head. "No, I want this."

He looked at me doubtfully, but I took his hands and I let him feel how wet I was.

The cocky grin was back on his face. "You do, don't you?"

My core heated as his eyes lingered over my breasts. He backed me against the cold wall, drinking every square inch of me with his eyes. My eyes fell on the thickness between his legs, which stood at attention like a soldier. I wrapped my fingers around him and tugged gently, remembering how incredible it had felt to have all of him inside me. His arms snaked around my back and suddenly lifted me onto his waist.

I giggled as my legs wrapped around him, marveling at the strength in his arms. His eyes were full of that irresistible, frightening intensity and I knew that he couldn't wait another moment. I saw his powerful back in the mirror, my legs locked around him. He crushed me against the wall and thrust upward, his cock impaling my needy warmth. The pleasurable shock of it erupted through my mouth in a guttural moan.

Every thrust made my thighs tighten around his waist. Every roll of his powerful back rocked through me, grinding my back against the wall. Something was shifting inside as his thrusts became more urgent. I gripped his shoulders and dug my nails in his flesh, not caring about anything in the world except this wonderful feeling shooting through my body. He plunged into my depths, our mouths meeting and parting in gasping breaths, and I felt the pressure building. I trembled and came hard, my core contracting around him.

Luke's breathing was fast and he might have said something, and then his deep groans filled the small bathroom. His hips slammed me against the wall, and he buried his face in my neck, breathing hard. He stayed there for a moment, his thickness buried deep inside me, and then his arms shook as he lowered me to the floor.

"God, Luke."

He gave me a shaky laugh. "That was pretty amazing."

I glowed as he leaned forward to kiss me again.

"Do you want to take a shower?"

Moments later, we stumbled into the shower together, laughing. I shrieked as he turned on the shower and the water struck me with a cold blast, but Luke moved in front of it, biting back laughter.

"Sorry about that," he said with a playful grin.

I swatted at his shoulder, but he caught my hand and kissed it. My heart thudded against my chest as I felt his lips on my skin. I'm crazy about him.

The glass shower quickly filled with steam as the hot water sprayed across our bodies. Luke grabbed a bar of soap from the shower and began soaping up my curves. My desire for him, which could never really be satisfied, shot up sharply. I was in awe of him, and full of so much happiness that I thought I would burst. He wanted me, for all my flaws, he wanted me. And I needed him.

It wasn't a fake relationship anymore, was it? I looked up at him and tried to decipher it from his face. No, it wasn't enough. I needed him to tell me explicitly-or I'd never believe it.

"Luke, what does this mean?"

The water sprayed over his head, dripping down his face, making him look more youthful and beautiful. His lips were red from kissing me. "I'm not sure," he said honestly. "Let's play it by ear and take it slow."

My face fell. What did you expect? An indignant voice inside me said. Did you think he would bend on one knee and propose? You've only known each other for a couple months.

He noticed. I pulled against him, unable to disguise the hurt on my face. He trapped me. "Jessica, I want to be your boyfriend. I really do, but you must understand that I have my own demons to deal with. I don't trust easily, and it will take time."

Luke wasn't promising anything, but at least he was willing. I nodded. I could understand that. If I wanted him, I needed to be patient. He's worth it, I thought as his lips caught mine again.

Chapter 9

A muscular arm snaked around my bare waist. My eyes snapped open and my chest froze as I felt a body behind me. It wasn't until I recognized Luke's voice, husky with fatigue, that I relaxed. I turned over on the bed as he ran his hand up and over my curves.

His face was wrinkled slightly with sleep lines, but his eyes were full of energy. "Good evening, beautiful." His bright eye winked at me.

My face flushed. I couldn't believe I was in bed with him. I touched his chest and he stroked my back lightly with his fingertips. It was as though we were a real couple. "I just want to stay in bed. I don't want to get up." I yawned. "Just tell them I'm sick."

"If I have to go down there, so do you. Appearances, Jessica." He swung out of bed with boundless energy.

I sighed as I rolled out of bed. Meeting Luke's family was the absolute last thing I felt like doing. Every time I thought about it, I imagined myself sprinting out of this gigantic house to hide somewhere in the trees surrounding it.

"When does this thing start?"

"I don't know. Guests will probably start coming at around five."

I glanced at my phone and felt a zapping sensation shoot up my arm. It was already three in the afternoon. "We need to get ready."

"Let's go downstairs first."

After running a brush through my hair, we slowly made our way downstairs. During our nap, the house had been decorated with streamers and balloons. There were vibrant, beautiful flower arrangements laid out in a row on the giant kitchen table, with intricate, gold dishes that seemed to sparkle, porcelain soup bowls and polished silverware. The flowers were like a splash of color among the black and silver balloons. What I liked about it all was that it was minimalistic. None of it was overdone.

Luke's aunt was sitting in the breakfast nook, sipping a cup of tea. She smiled at us. "Come, sit!"

In front of her was a plate with a neat pile of cucumber sandwiches. I sat down in front of her and took one. It was light and delicious.

"Thanks so much for making these."

"Don't mention it." She reached over and pinched Luke's cheek affectionately. "Your uncle is going to be so thrilled that you're here for his birthday. Did you visit your father?"

All the humor evaporated from Luke's face. "Yeah, I visited him. It wasn't pleasant."

She smiled knowingly. "The poor man is in a lot of pain. People can be nasty when they're suffering."

"Aunt Beth, he's always been nasty." The sandwich crumbled in his fingers. "You should have heard the things he said to Jessica."

She looked at me for my reaction, but I simply shrugged. "It doesn't bother me. I don't think he really meant it."

"Your father has always been a complicated man. When I first met him, I found him abrasive, but then your mother passed and I saw a side of him I'd never seen before. He was very devoted to your mother."

His clenched fists were balled on the table. I reached down and touched his leg. Don't make a scene, Luke.

"He's cutting me off," he said suddenly. "He's going to give everything to Uncle Dominic and your kids."

"What?"

I couldn't help but notice how his aunt's face registered very little shock. The sandwich in my mouth suddenly tasted foul. Was this whole 'nice aunt' thing for show? 'Course it is.

Luke had seen it, too. His face was a mask of pain; I don't think he realized that his aunt might be in on it until now.

"But I suppose you know that already."

The teacup rattled inside the saucer as she set the cup down, looking upset. "Luke-listen. Your uncle and I talked about it. We both agreed that you should have your inheritance. Even if Giacomo's will leaves everything to us, we will transfer everything back to you."

"What if your sons don't want to part with their millions? Isn't that why they're visiting him all the time?" Luke's eyes flashed dangerously.

"Luke!"

He sank back into his seat, looking a bit cowed as I glared at him.

She stood up abruptly from the table. "I must get ready for the party," she said suddenly before she left the room.

"What's wrong with you?" I hissed when she was out of earshot. "Now you've upset her, and she was being so nice!"

"Nice?" he said in a harsh whisper. "Give me a break! You saw her face; she knew about it. She knew about it and did nothing. I can't trust any of these people. They might think fondly of me, but they wouldn't hesitate to screw me over to get my inheritance."

"But she said she would give it back to you!"

He scoffed. "Even if she really meant that, she wouldn't be able to. It's my uncle's decision." His face softened at my bewildered expression. "I know that you want to believe her. Hell, I do too. Aunt Beth was always my favorite growing up. She was always sweet with me, but everything's different now."

I bit my lip. Was he right? Was I just naive? I knew nothing about his world, but I couldn't help but wonder if Luke was being paranoid. "All I know is that if you keep being unpleasant, she'll want to help you less. Don't bring it up again."

He got up and slammed his chair back under the table. I could feel his stress balling inside me. All of it was unfair. There were millions of dollars at stake-his millions, and sharks surrounded him.

"Let's just try to get through tonight. I want to fly back to San Francisco tomorrow."

"But we just got here." I couldn't believe that he was so willing to leave. "Wouldn't it be better to keep visiting your dad?"

"No, he's-well. He's made up his mind. And I have to keep working."

Uh, did he just forget that his dad fired him? "Luke," I began awkwardly. "Your dad fired you."

He looked at me coolly. "I never got a phone call from my boss, so I'm just going to ignore him. Sometimes he doesn't deliver on his threats. It happens."

Wow.

Upstairs, I stalled for as long as possible before getting ready. After Luke's confrontation with his aunt, I had no desire to go back down there and mingle with a bunch of rich people. I couldn't help but obsess over every minute detail of my dress. I winced as I looked down at myself and saw scuff marks on my black pumps. I'll look like a joke compared to them.

When we finally descended the staircase, I realized that despite Luke's assurances, my fears were genuine. Everyone looked like Saks Fifth Avenue had dressed them. If it weren't for Luke's hand at the small of my back, I would have turned tail and ran. The black lace dress that I bought at Macy's looked ridiculous by comparison.

"Just relax, Jessica," he murmured in my ear.

Right, easy for you to say. I fought the urge to dig in my heels as Luke wheeled me towards a coterie of drunken WASPs.

"Luke! We heard you were here," one of them exclaimed comically. "None of us could believe it."

The man who spoke had mousy-colored hair, slicked back over his shiny head. His bright blue eyes were the same as Luke's. He was slim and his suit was impeccably tailored; his patent leather shoes gleamed in the light. Hanging on his arm was a blonde woman who reminded me strongly of Victoria Beckham, her thin arms looking like they could snap at any second. She smiled at me politely as her eyes dragged up and down my outfit and I my arm shook against Luke's.

"Justin, Barbara-this is my girlfriend, Jessica."

They wrung my hand and acted as though they were delighted to meet me. Barbara snatched her hand away from me as though she was afraid that she would somehow be contaminated.

She leaned in, her eyes glossy and her lips shining. "When Luke's in the papers, he always has someone new on his arm. We were surprised that you two have managed to stay together for so long-"

"Barbara!" snapped Justin impatiently. He fixed me with a pained expression. "Sorry, she's had a bit much to drink."

"No worries." Inwardly, my heart beat a violent tattoo against my chest. I never felt so uncomfortable in my life. For the first time, I really missed home. I wanted to collapse onto my sofa at home and watch TV with Natalie. Everyone was extremely well dressed and clutching glasses of champagne that I'm sure cost a small fortune and I was just planted in the middle of it. I felt like everyone was gathering around to gawk at the alien who had somehow entered their exclusive club. I did not belong here.

I could practically hear Barbara's brain whirring as she leaned in curiously. Why hasn't he kicked her to the curb by now? Is she pregnant?

"How did you two meet?"

I stiffened. I couldn't imagine giving them the same story I had told Brandon, but my mind was blank.

"We met in a bar." Luke glanced at me.

"Oh."

I wished he hadn't said that. I watched painfully as Barbara buried a small smile and exchanged a glance with her husband. Now, it made sense. They filed me away into a category they knew well. Perhaps I was very exciting in bed, but I was most certainly Luke's new fling.

"I heard that you've been visiting my father."

Oh Christ, not this again. I tried not to fix my heated eyes on Luke.

Justin shrugged good-naturedly. "Yeah. I thought that I should. He seems to enjoy our visits."

Luke took two glasses of bubbling champagne and offered one to me. "I'm glad you're both getting something out of them. Please excuse us."

I was shocked at the unrestrained spite in Luke's voice. Didn't he know how to fake politeness?

Justin sneered at Luke's back as he turned around. His wife whispered something in his ear and both of them laughed as they looked at me. I felt the hairs on my neck stand up.

"See?" Luke hissed as we walked away. "Do you see what I have to deal with?"

I felt bad in a way that I hadn't in years, like when the girls at school used to bully me in the hallways. "I haven't felt like this since sixth grade."

He laughed. "It is childish, in a way."

I didn't point out that he, in fact, was the one who started it. I went along as Luke painstakingly introduced me to all the guests, who were all so unfailingly polite that my jaw felt wired shut with a permanent grin. These were not the sort of people who would be rude in front of your face. As Luke talked to his relatives, I hung back with my half-empty glass of champagne, my eyes occupied with the paintings that adorned the walls and groaning whenever I checked the time.

"Excuse me. Excuse me! Hey!"

A veined hand encircled by gold bracelets waved in front of my face, snapping its fingers impatiently. I looked at its owner, who was a woman in her late fifties who I did not recognize. She looked at me as though I was something under her shoe. What the hell did she want?

She thrust an empty champagne glass in my hand. "Take this away."

Stunned, I took the glass and looked from her to the glass and back again. What had just happened?

"Why are you standing there?"

Several of her friends turned around to glare at me, but I still had no fucking idea what was going on.

"Um-you want me to take this?"

A few of them giggled behind her as they looked at me, and I felt like I was transported back to middle school. She rolled her eyes at me. "Oh, Charlie Brown. You're hopeless."

The glass was ripped out of my hands so violently, that her manicured nails actually scratched me. I yelped in pain and finally Luke swept in out of nowhere, quietly stepping in to save me.

"Is there something wrong?" he looked at my face and back to her.

"This one doesn't seem to be doing her job." She gestured towards me with contempt laced in every syllable.

Doing her job-what? Then I realized it with a horrible, sinking feeling. I was dressed so poorly, that this woman thought I was the help. My face felt like it was on fire. I turned away and bit my lip viciously. I wanted to die.

"This is Jessica, my girlfriend," he said with a little anger in his voice. "She's not an employee."

"Oh, I had no idea. I'm so sorry-"

Realizing her blunder, she reached out towards me, her claw-like fingers patting me awkwardly on the shoulder. She couldn't see my face, or my eyes, which were shining with tears. Luke did, and he steered me away from them. "It's fine," he called over his shoulder.

We shoved through a throng of people and headed towards a glass door. I hoped no one had seen the exchange.

"Let's just go outside."

I choked as soon as we stepped outside. We were in a small, side garden. It was lit up beautifully with golden, paper lanterns. I growled in frustration as tears leaked out of my eyes. "I'm sorry, I'm trying to hold it together."

"No, I'm sorry. You shouldn't have to deal with this."

Luke sidled up against me and stroked my arm.

My lips were shaking as I looked at him. "I'm so embarrassed. I don't belong here at all." I couldn't erase the expression on her face from my mind. "She looked at me like I was-trash." The hopeless feeling that I felt at school was overpowering. I used to be bullied for wearing used clothes from the Salvation Army, and it was the exact same feeling.

"You can't let it get to you. I get ripped apart every day in the press. You just have to let it roll off your shoulders."

I bent down as the glare from the porch lights illuminated the ugly marks on my shoes. I scrubbed them with my fingers, but they refused to come off. "That's different. They're your family. I care about what they think about me."

"I don't even like my family. What does it matter?"

His hands encircled my forearms and tugged, but I refused to budge. "Stop it, I'm not finished!"

"Jessica."

The kindness in his voice made me want to cry. I thought of how stupid I looked, hunched on the cement in this cheap dress, scrubbing at a spot on my shoes. It wouldn't make any difference. Even if I spent thousands on a wardrobe, I would never be like them.

I stumbled as I stood back up, supported my Luke's firm grip. I felt like he was always holding me upright.

"I don't care what they think, why should you?"

The dark blue and gold garden blurred. I blinked away the tears. "But you do care. We changed my background story so that I would fit in-but I don't."

He sighed. "It would influence my father's opinion of you in a bad way. That's the only reason why we did that."

His fingers slipped down my bare back and I curled into his chest, sliding my hand inside his jacket to grip the muscles in his back. His chest swelled into my back and I closed my eyes, thinking only about how safe I felt in his arms. A vicious heat seared up my core as his fingers moved in tantalizing circles on my bare skin.

"Just stay close to me, and it'll be over soon."

And then we'll be alone.

A loud buzz filled my ears and I jumped in Luke's arms. It was coming from my purse. I opened it and snapped open my phone:

Call me now -Nat

I blinked at the message, curiosity burning in my stomach, but I stowed it back inside my purse. Whatever Natalie had to tell me would have to wait.

"Ready?"

I nodded and we walked back towards the brightly lit house, the noise and light spilling into the garden as he opened the glass door for me. I spotted the hag who had bitched at me and felt a strong surge of anger, but I kept my eyes fixed forward.

"Let's find my uncle."

My guts twisted as I nodded glumly. I wiped my hand surreptitiously before I took Luke's again. He led me through a succession of rooms towards the sound of piano playing. We walked into a living room with a huge ceiling. A crowd of people was gathered around the white grand piano, where an older man sat, his fingers flying over the keys.

He was a thin, reedy man with a wiry black mustache. Domenico jumped from the piano seat as he saw Luke approach. "Luke!" He grabbed his nephew by the shoulders and kissed both of his cheeks.

"Happy Birthday, Uncle Dominic."

"Thanks. I'm so happy that you could make it."

I was shocked by his display of affection. His uncle gripped his shoulder, unwilling to let go of his nephew. Luke introduced me with a wave of his free arm.

"So, this is the girl I've seen in the papers." He winked at me and shook my hand. "We're so glad you could come."

"Nice to meet you," I beamed.

"When did you fly in?"

"Today, actually."

"Jesus, you must be tired." The fabric on Luke's shoulder bunched together as his hand tightened. Domenico's face crumpled as he wheeled him away from the crowd of people. "You haven't seen your dad yet, have you?"

I tensed as a frown creased on Luke's forehead. Please don't blow up at him.

"We did."

He nodded seriously. "He's taken a sharp turn for the worse. I found out from James that he tried to fire you."

Luke made a sound that might have been a laugh. "Yes, he did."

"Listen, I blocked it. He may be a board member, but he can only work in a limited capacity and it's clear that his judgment is off his rocker. You're a great employee, no matter how many soccer fans you beat up." He smiled warmly. "The San Francisco deal you got for us is brilliant and you'll always have a job at Pardini Worldwide. It's your birthright and I won't let him do this to you."

Uncle Dominic patted him on the back as Luke pinched the bridge of his nose, his face screwed up in pain. I dug my nails into my palms as I watched him fight to keep his emotions from bursting out. The person who he wanted to hear those words from would never do it.

"I love my brother, but he hasn't been himself lately. No matter what, you will get what belongs to you. I promise."

"Thanks, Dominic."

"I know it's been hard dealing with your dad, but he won't be around much longer. You have to promise me you'll visit him more often."

A bitter look crossed Luke's face, but it softened when heard his uncle's voice crack. "I will."

He gave him a smile and one final pat on the back, and then he walked back towards the piano. "Who wants to hear some ragtime?"

A volley of cheers and whistled blasted across the room and I looked away as Luke wiped his eyes with his thumb. I took his hand and squeezed it. "Everything will work out." I slipped my hand into my purse and muted my phone. It had been buzzing all night. What did Natalie want?

"We can turn in early, if you want. My uncle will understand."

I nearly collapsed in relief. "Really? That'd be great, actually."

Though it was only seven, I was exhausted and I thought longingly of the bed upstairs with its fluffy, white comforter. Luke and I went upstairs and I curled into bed as Luke took a shower. All was well. Luke's uncle seemed like a decent man. I clawed the nightstand for the remote. I wanted to fix my mind on something else before I fell asleep. My thumb clicked the remote, scrolling through the channels as my eyeballs burned from the bright, plasma screen. Jessica Knight. I stopped as I saw my name blazing on the television screen with an old picture of Luke and I kissing in Hyde Park.

How did they find out my name?

A blonde woman smiled at the camera. "Today, we've received an exclusive report about the Luke Pardini's new girlfriend, or should we say, his escort."

The remote clattered loudly on the wooden floor.

"Jessica?" Luke's voice said from the bathroom. "What was that?"

"Jessica Knight, a graduate from San Francisco State University, signed up on an escort website for rich men to make ends meet. The beautiful blonde caught the eye of Luke Pardini, son of Giacomo Pardini and heir to Pardini Worldwide."

"Hey, are you there?"

My eyes were glued to the television as horror suffocated my chest. How did they find out all this? I told no one-absolutely no one. Neither of us had. The bathroom door opened and steam poured in the bedroom. I heard Luke's heavy footsteps and dreaded the moment that he would see the television screen.

"Jessica, what's wrong? Why are you crying?" He looked at the screen and fell silent.

"At TMZ, we wondered who the mysterious blonde and where she was from, check this out-"

The screen faded into a view of a dilapidated porch of a house that I knew very well. On the porch were three people: a fat blonde woman and her husband, and squeezed between them was their son, Vincent.

A reporter held a microphone to them. "She was a problem child, but we did the best we could. We had her for seven years, and then she left to join a group home. We never saw her again."

Shelly Kramer leaned in, her watery, small eyes staring into the camera. "She had a major drug problem, behavioral issues." She shook her head. "Always acting out."

Vincent smiled at the camera. He had gained weight, but nothing else had changed. His white-blonde hair still hung around his head at shoulder-length; his small blue eyes glinted with malice. He had charmed and fooled so many people with his angelic face, but a close look into his eyes was like staring into the abyss. There was nothing there. Life is boring when you don't have any emotions, and raping me allowed him to feel the slightest spark of excitement. He was addicted to it.

I didn't hear the rest of the program. The violence surged up my throat and I shoved Luke aside to flip open the toilet seat and I voided everything in my stomach. The face that haunted my thoughts for years was blown up on the television, unpunished-along with my foster parents. I remembered how once Shelly walked in on Vincent raping me in my bedroom. I looked at her, tears streaming down my face, as he released his damp hands from around my throat. His cock dug inside me like a knife and it was so painful, that he choked me to keep my screams silent. A scream finally left my throat, torn and ragged. Shelly backed away from the doorway, an unfathomable expression on her face. She slammed the door shut and I heard her heavy footsteps scamper away.

All of it played in my mind like a movie. I couldn't stop it. My lips dripped with vomit as I sobbed into the toilet. I just wanted to end it. I looked around the bathroom and saw Luke's razor perched on the sink and I lunged for it. I wanted to destroy something, make someone feel a little bit of the horror I felt inside. I looked at my legs and felt a surge of anger. I could feel the razor blades cutting into my skin and I bit my lip, preparing to drag and slice.

A hand closed over my wrist and forced my hand against the wall. I fought against him but he pressed down painfully and I released the blade. When I opened my eyes, I saw Luke's face, livid with fear. All the noise in my head stopped.

"Jessica, you're safe."

My lip quivered as I looked down at the razor I held seconds ago, determined to slice my skin open. What the fuck did I just do? All it took was a short video of my attackers to shatter the delusion that I had moved on. That I was fixed. I collapsed into Luke's arms and sobbed into his bare shoulder, filled with shame. How could I think about doing that to myself?

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be sorry, it's not your fault."

"I'm so fucked up, Luke."

He just held me as I cried. I shook with huge wracking sobs. I was boiling in pain and I didn't want to do it anymore. When will I be free of them? I wanted to break away from Luke and sob in private, but he refused to let me go. I felt ashamed. It was as though my tears were indecent, that I should hide them like everything in my past. It was too ugly to talk about. No one wanted to hear about my dark shit. The pain subsided as my body gave into exhaustion, and then I finally, finally stopped crying.

"How did they find out my name?" I said in a shaking voice. "How did they find out all of it?"

"Someone told them your name, address, everything. Someone sold a story about you."

His deep voice rumbled through my chest. I shook my head violently. "No, I told no one about us. I swear, Luke!" Except Natalie.

I froze in Luke's arms. Natalie, how could you do this to me? The betrayal was like a slap to the face. How could she tell them about my foster parents? Fresh tears spilled down my cheeks and as Luke pulled away, there was sympathy on his face-but a little anger, too.

"She would never do this to me."

He smiled without humor. "Just about anyone is capable of just about anything. I've had this happen to me countless times." He stroked my hair. "I'm sorry about this. I know how it feels, believe me."

I stumbled from the bathroom in disbelief, the horror of it all pounding in my brain. I dug into my purse and opened my cellphone and saw three texts:

You need to call me immediately

Don't let Luke go on TMZ

Jessica, I swear I didn't tell anyone

There were five missed calls and two voice messages. I played them both on speakerphone. Luke listened beside me, fury etched all over his face. The first message expressed her confusion, the second one was much more clear. "Jessica," she said in a trembling voice. "I found out what happened. Ben saw the photos and called TMZ. They offered him a lot of money for your name and background, and then they found your foster parents and they said all of those terrible things." She began to sob. "I'm so sorry, Jessica. I don't think he meant for any of this to happen-"

I ended the voicemail. Somehow I felt emptier than I had before. My best friend's fiance sold me out, all because she couldn't keep her trap shut. I looked at him desperately. "I never told Ben anything. Natalie knew about the website before I met you, so she must have told him. I told her not to."

Luke shook his head and shrugged. He wouldn't even look at me. He didn't even want to touch me. I could feel his disgust for my friend, and contempt for me. "I'm going to bed."

Is this it? Darkness swallowed the room as Luke turned off the light. I sat on the carpet, hugging my legs. I was too tired, but I didn't want to join Luke in the bed, when he clearly didn't want me anywhere around him. How can I fix this?

* * *

I woke up with my back aching as Luke shook me awake, his hand on my knee. It took several moments for me to remember why I felt so awful.

His hands stroked my shoulders. "Did you stay here all night?"

My eyes burned with fatigue. "I-didn't think you wanted me around."

Luke's face was pained. "I was angry, but not at you." He picked me up and kissed my throat. "Let's get out of here."

I nodded, my spirits rising slightly. So, we were still together, despite our secret being out in the open. My heart beat against my throat as he hugged me. I don't deserve him.

It was hard to tell whether his aunt and uncle had seen the report on TMZ. By now, other gossip websites would be repeating the same story. I dressed as quickly as possible, eager to leave Chicago and return home. Return to what? To my volunteer job at the soup kitchen? To my 'best friend'? The ten grand in my account-how long would it last? My heart pounded with anxiety. I did not want to return home; I didn't want to look at Natalie and hear her useless apologies, or deal with the fact that I was still broke and jobless. I have Luke, I reminded myself. At least I have him.

I watched as Luke packed his bags with a bit more force than was necessary. For how long, though?

Luke was silent all the way to the airport, and didn't speak a word to me during the flight. Like him, I was waiting for the axe to fall. I felt relief when the pilot announced that we were flying over Oakland and would be landing shortly. I looked down and saw the blue, freezing water of the bay. He glanced at his phone immediately after landing and stuffed it back into his jacket.

What now? As I followed Luke out of the plane, I wondered what the hell was going to happen. Now that the jig was up, would we still spend every waking moment together? Would Luke tell me that he had enough of me and that I should go home? The thought of being away from him, even for one night, made my throat tighten. I was used to being around him, comforted by his presence, and I needed his touch to be nearby.

I squeezed his hand as we waited in the freezing air for a cab.

"I know you must be anxious to go home, but I don't want to be alone."

He was actually asking me to stay with him. "Luke, I want to be with you." I didn't need to add that I had no desire to be in Natalie's presence, not after what her fiance did.

It annoyed me that there were paparazzi still clicking away at us outside SFO. I couldn't wait to see the headlines: Luke Pardini seen at SFO with blonde escort, who does he think he's kidding?

I bounced on my toes to give him a kiss. He drew my body into his and bit down on my lip as I swept my tongue across his mouth. My heart was pounding when he pulled away with a heated look on his face.

"I can't wait to get home," he whispered in my ear as the cab pulled up.

Twenty-minutes later, we stumbled up the steps of his Victorian home in Pacific Heights. It was one of the richest areas in San Francisco, where the homes had actual driveways, a luxury in the city. I barely had time to marvel at the beauty of his home before Luke grabbed my hand and pulled me upstairs. We ran up the steps and he pulled me to the side, his arms wrapping themselves fiercely around my waist. His mouth parted and I leaned forward to taste those lips that I fantasized about all day. His fingers dug into the waistband of my jeans and I slid my hands under his sweater. I dragged my thumb across his hard nipple and squeezed his back muscles as he slid around my backside. I could already feel his hardness grinding against my leg and my core heated, almost like I could feel him thrusting inside me already.

We were halfway to the bedroom and his mouth was tracing a downward path from my neck. Then the phone rang, jarring us out of our dance towards the bed. My face hot, I looked up at Luke who seemed to be debating whether to answer it or not. He let out an angry sigh and kissed my head.

"It might be work, just hold on."

Damn it.

He picked the phone off the dresser and winced when he looked at the screen. I felt cold all over as I realized what the expression on his face meant. Crap.

"What?" he barked into the phone.

Stiffness began working itself through my limbs like poison. It started in my hands, which went cold when Luke left my embrace. Something was fighting to swim to the surface of my mind, something that made my heart sink.

He spat angry words into the phone, his face becoming red. "It's not like that." He glanced at me furtively.

Then I knew what was going to happen. I turned around, feeling oddly numb as I walked out of his bedroom and picked up my purse in the living room. I waited in the foyer with my suitcase and fiddled with a piece of paper in my pocket.

He's done with me. That's it.

I heard his slow footsteps creaking the wooden floorboards. He stopped at the base of the staircase, guilt written all over his face. He flipped his phone in his hands, looking at me, unable to say what I already knew.

"My dad's going to donate all of his money to charity unless I end things with you."

I nodded. A quiet storm was building up in my chest and my voice was already shaking with the first throes. "So that's it, then. You're going to do what he says."

He shrugged miserably. "What choice do I have?"

"You have a choice," I fired back. "And you've chosen to let daddy run your life."

He flinched at the condescending tone. "Jessica, come on. Be fair. We've known each other for a couple months. It was really great, but I'm not going to give up my entire legacy for someone I barely know. It's about five billion dollars, Jessica. Imagine what you could do with that kind of money."

No, I can't imagine what that would be like. I can't even imagine a hundred thousand dollars in my bank account. The hardness in his voice was like a knife in my chest. "Do you really think he'll keep his word? He's a maniac. Today, you have to break up with me, but tomorrow it will be something else."

"I can't take that chance."

I straightened myself, hating the calmness on his face. He was determined to write me off like I meant nothing. He's not broke. He had a job that, no doubt, paid an impressive salary and a house in the city that was probably worth around ten million dollars, but he still was so fucking greedy. It made me sick.

"What he wanted from you was to be treated like a person, not a bank. He's going to lose respect for you if you do this, and you'll never get your precious money." The sight of Luke's unyielding face made me erupt. "You know what? He's right. You're nothing but a selfish, greedy WASP. All you care about is money. You'll be miserable forever, just like your father."

It was the most hateful thing I ever said, but I felt satisfied when I saw Luke's stony face falter a little bit.

"I'm sorry," he said in a tight voice. "But it's over. I'll pay you the rest of the money."

"I don't want your fucking money!" I screamed at his face. "I wanted you." I got one look of his face, wretched with grief, before I grabbed my suitcase. I ripped it across the floor as I crashed through the door. My suitcase bounced on the steps and I sped up the hill in a blind rage, determined not to look back.

I waited at the MUNI bus stop and half-expected Luke to storm up the hill, to demand an apology, to beg for my forgiveness. I waited fifteen minutes, but nothing happened. He didn't come.

Chapter 10

I arrived at my apartment and slammed the door shut. It was satisfying to feel the walls shake, even if I felt a little childish for such a display of temper. I was angrier than I ever was in my life, but for the first time I didn't blame myself.

"You're back!"

Natalie stood up from the couch in shock, but quickly sank back down at the look on my face. I was not a violent person, but in that moment I really wanted to hit her.

"Jess, I'm so sorry. Ben swore he wouldn't tell anyone." Her arms trembled as she approached me and her face shined with tears. "Please believe me."

"Yeah, well." I softened a bit when I saw how upset she was over it, but I still thought she should have kept silent. "You told him when I asked you not to tell anyone. I made you promise."

She gave a frustrated sigh and brushed her hair back with her right hand. "I know, I'm so sorry."

When I looked at her hands, I saw that she wasn't wearing her engagement ring. Distracted, I momentarily forgot my anger. "What happened?"

Natalie's eyes slowly watered and then before I knew it, she had launched herself in my arms. She sobbed into my shoulder and I reached around to pat her back.

"I don't know if I'm ready to marry him. I don't know whether he's the one. I was so sure before we got engaged, but then he got his new position at the law firm. We barely see each other now. I was so lonely when you were gone and he started this whole mess with your foster parents."

I was so angry about my situation that I didn't even consider how she must have suffered. I clutched her shoulder and felt shaken. She reminded me how much I needed my best friend, and how much I missed her while I was abroad.

"I don't want you to break up with him because of me."

She shook her head. "I don't know what I want anymore."

A small amount of guilt began to worm its way inside my heart. I do not want this. If Natalie and Ben weren't meant together, that was one thing-but I didn't want her to break up over this. What if she regrets it years down the line and resents me for it?

I gently disengaged myself from her arms and sat down at the kitchen table. As I sat down, a wave of exhaustion slammed into me. I didn't realize how tired I was from all the traveling.

Natalie sat down across from me, her hands balled on the table. "What are you going to do about your foster parents?"

A sick feeling turned my stomach at the mention of them. "What do you mean?"

"Well, they basically slandered you on television."

I let out a hollow laugh. "I've no money to sue them. Besides, what they said was true. I did have a drug problem and I did act out."

All of it seemed so long ago, and yet when I saw their faces I had such a visceral reaction.

"Only because they abused you."

I heard the anger in her voice, but I felt strangely detached from the trauma. "Vincent, their son, raped me when I was ten. They knew about it, but they did nothing to stop it. I finally was able to leave at seventeen."

I never told her that. I told Luke about it, a man I knew for no more than a couple months, but not my best friend. I could still hear his detached voice when he told me we were done. We shared each other's dark secrets. I slept with him. He told me things that made me glow, but in the end nothing was more important than his money. I tried to swallow down the lump rising up my throat.

She bit her lip. When she spoke, it was in a quiet voice. "I didn't know that it started so young, but I always knew something was wrong. Why didn't you tell anyone?"

Her eyes gleamed with a bit of hurt.

I shook my head. "You don't understand. He manipulated me. He told me I wanted it-that if I loved him I would have sex with him, that it was what good girls did. When that stopped working, he threatened to kill me, or himself. So, I did whatever he said. Then he had me under complete control and there was no need for threats. Sometimes, I could feel my body responding to him and it absolutely sickened me, because I hated him so much. I felt ruined and worthless."

I waited for the tears to come, but they never did. I think I exhausted my ability to cry over the Kramers in the Chicago mansion. Another small victory.

Natalie's face was frozen in that pitying, horrified expression that I loathed. "Jessica, you should turn him in. Go to the police."

"No," I said in a sharp voice. "I don't want to relive everything. I don't want to go through all of that only to see him walk. I don't have any evidence."

She looked like she wanted to argue, but she closed her mouth under my glare. "What about Luke?"

Suddenly, I was a lot less willing to discuss him. "What about him?"

Natalie rolled her eyes. "What happened between you guys?"

"He broke up with me," I snapped.

She threw her hands up. "Geez, Jessica. I just wanted to know."

My hands gripped the splintered edge of the crappy kitchen table. "He was the best thing in my life. When we first started out, I thought he was just going to be a typical spoiled rich boy, but he's not at all like that. Luke made me feel like I was normal. He made me feel cherished, and I've never felt that in my life."

There was a rattling sound as Natalie reached into the cupboard to grab two mugs. "I knew he would hurt you. I know that you think that he was great, but he still dumped you over a bit of money."

"It wasn't a bit of money," I said hollowly. "His father's worth five billion."

She whirled around with the two mugs and one of them careened out of her grip to smash on the floor. She didn't even look down.

"Natalie!"

"Five billion?" She ignored the smashed mug as a wistful look came over her face. "There's no way his father would give him that much. Rich people always leave a portion to charity, to people in their lives-I don't know."

As Natalie sank to the floor, I traced a circle into the table with my finger. Maybe I was a bit ridiculous to assume he would choose me over all that money. "Anyways, his dad called and demanded that he stop seeing me, or Luke would never see a cent of that money. So he did."

She looked up as she heard the tremble in my voice. "How are you holding up with all this?"

I covered my face with my hands. I tried to shrug it off, but my breath choked and Natalie sprang to her feet with broken bits of ceramic in her hands. The truth was that it hurt a lot to be passed over for money. I told him I didn't care. I didn't want to take his money. Ten grand a month was nothing compared to the amount that his father would leave him. If he left him any money at all.

I love him. I thought of the old saying, "Better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all." Whoever came up with that was full of shit. It was far worse to have a brief taste of true happiness, only to have it ripped away forever. Ignorance is bliss.

Natalie's gripped my shoulders and hugged my back. "Jessica, you deserve better. You will find better."

"No, I won't."

"Yes, you will. I don't care how much money it was. Do you think that money would make a difference in his hedonistic lifestyle? He already has millions. What's the difference? Is there a super exclusive club for billionaires only, or something? Or maybe he wouldn't be able to buy the private tropical island he always wanted. Cry me a goddamn river."

My heart blazed because she was right, but then I remembered what Brandon told me. "It's not about the money, it's-his legacy."

"You make your own legacy."

My heart kept flip-flopping. It was a lot of money and Luke barely knew me. I gripped my hair and pulled. Whatever. It didn't matter. It was no good to keep obsessing over him. The best thing I could do for myself was move on.

* * *

I spent the next day in a jet-lagged stupor. I felt like shit. The best thing I had in my life was gone, and the money in my bank was dwindling. I sat in my computer chair, staring at the four-digit number in my bank account. My eyes blurred. I would give it all to have him back. More than anything, I wanted to fall into his arms. His hands sliding up and down my body was a greater balm than any drug I ever took. I opened my phone, hoping to have a voicemail expressing his sincerest regret and begging me to come back, but there was nothing.

I should just Google him. I promised Natalie I wouldn't, but it was too easy for me to type his name into that white bar and hit 'enter.'

Luke Pardini takes red-eye to Chicago without blonde escort

I balked at "blonde escort," but at least they weren't mentioning me by name. I clicked on the link as my stomach fell through. He left already? There was a picture of him dressed in the same clothes I'd seen him in yesterday. His suitcase was in his hand as he dashed across SFO. Another picture showed him arriving in Chicago. Had his father taken a turn for the worse? Is that why he left so abruptly? Maybe he changed his mind.

"If he changed his mind, he would have told you. He's done with you. Get over it," I said to the empty room.

My email suddenly blinked and I realized I had several unread emails. Recognizing neither, I clicked on the first. Holy shit! I quickly scanned it and realized I had an interview at one of the places I had applied to before I left to London. The interview was in a few days. I hastily shot them an email, agreeing to the interview.

Finally! I tried not to get my hopes up, but I couldn't help but grin as I reread the email. Suddenly, a horrifying thought popped in my head: What if they Google my name and find all these escort articles?

I headed to the bookmarked sugarbaby website and typed in my username and password. I was determined to delete everything, but something happened.

Error: that username does not exist

What? Of course, it exists! I tried it again. Nothing. I tried to log into the email I created for the account and that was gone too. Finally, I tried searching for myself on the sugarbaby website. Then I looked for Luke's. Nothing. It was as if everything vanished.

Luke must have paid someone to do this. To hide the evidence.

The euphoria at getting a job interview quickly evaporated. Standing up, I decided to go to the store. I needed to get out of the stifling apartment. Natalie was at work and I hated the silence that permeated the walls. I grabbed my purse and flung open the door as a crowd of people surrounded me, screaming. What the fuck? I blinked in the unusually bright, winter sunlight.

"Miss Knight!"

They elbowed each other in their attempts to shove huge black cameras in my face. Flash. Click.

"Miss Knight, what did you and Luke do together? Would you like to sell a story to Huffington Post?"

The woman shoved a microphone under my nose. I stared at in shock for a second, refusing to look at the huge video camera aimed at my face, and smacked it away. Didn't they understand that I didn't want to be harassed?

"No. Get off of my lawn."

None of them budged. When I was with Luke, he always shoved through the paparazzi like moving through a packed concert. I edged through them to get to my crappy car parked on the street. They followed me like a strange, nonthreatening mob and encircled my car. All of their requests were drowned by the car's engine and they finally moved out of the way when it lurched forward.

They took pictures through the windshield; some of them still screaming requests. Jesus. How long is this going to last? Surely, people would get tired of reading about the blonde hooker-escort, or whatever it was they were calling me.

I didn't really feel like going to the store because I knew I would have to drive back home with the groceries, where they were camped out. I veered my car into the highway and headed instead towards the soup kitchen.

I wasn't scheduled to come in, but I couldn't handle sitting in my apartment alone all day. As I walked towards the kitchen, I saw that half its windows were smashed.

"What happened?" I asked the men sweeping up the broken glass.

They shrugged. "I don't think you're supposed to go in there."

Ignoring him, I pushed through the door and my shoes crunched over broken glass. Inside was a scene of devastation. Black graffiti covered the yellow walls in high arches. I bent over and righted a chair. As I walked through to the kitchen, a sick feeling descended over me.

Shelly was there with a clipboard in her hands, shaking her head. "Our inventory suffered a huge loss. They took our best pots and made a mess out of the pantry."

"Who did this?" I said, shaking with quiet fury.

"You haven't even seen the worst of it."

She beckoned me to the back, which led to the small garden I helped build. I stared in dismay at the lumps of brown earth everywhere and pushed the door open in a rage. There was nothing left but tatters of green, scattered among the earth. All of our herbs-gone. The bok choy and the cabbage lay on the earth like headless corpses. Weeks of work, gone in an instant.

"It doesn't matter," I croaked. "We'll just have to do it again. Re-plant everything."

"I'm not sure Carol will want to. It'll be hard enough replacing all the supplies we lost. There's just no money in the budget for the garden."

I felt the familiar sting of frustration at Carol's rigid policies until I remembered: I have money. I could pour thousands into this place.

Ok, it wasn't like I had thousands upon thousands, but the money Luke gave me would help repair most of the damage. Giving your money away is such a stupid idea. But the money was making me feel sick. I didn't want it anymore. The articles written about me made me feel ashamed, even though I had done nothing wrong. It reminded me that at its core, our relationship was represented by dollar signs. I knew that it meant much more than that, but to feel good about myself I had to get rid of it. All of it.

I cried when I got home and wrote the check, clutching an eight thousand, five hundred and sixty two dollar check. I couldn't exactly empty my entire bank account-I still needed to eat and pay my bills-but at least most of it was gone.

You are so fucking stupid. Just shoot yourself now. It would be the most generous, stupid thing I ever did. Natalie's going to freak.

"Are you sure you want to do this?"

Carol looked at me as if I was on the edge of sanity, which I probably was.

Just take it before I change my mind. "Yes, on one condition, though."

She folded her arms. "What?"

"I want more authority in the kitchen. I want to be able to make whatever I want. I also want to install a security system so that this never happens again. Cameras and padlocked gates enclosing the backyard."

"Fine."

Carol stuck out her hand and I grabbed it numbly.

Fine? I was expecting a fight, but I guess once I started waving money in front of her face-nothing else mattered. I turned around and tried to ignore the screaming voice in my head, calling me an idiot for spending the majority of my money. What would happen when another disaster hit and the soup kitchen ran out of funds?

You're only doing this for Luke. To prove to him that you don't want his money.

As I got in my car, I turned the volume way up in the hopes it would drown out the voice in my head.

* * *

At the end of another workday, the BART ground to a halt at my stop and I wearily stood to my feet, following the rush of passengers into the frigid air. I walked down the steps and thought back to the time when I hurried up these steps in a borrowed dress to meet Luke in the city.

When I first met him, he was like a dream. I could remember all the times he held me. I remembered his hands, which had begun to learn where I liked to be touched the most, and I felt so damn lonely.

I had a job. Health insurance. I was in therapy for the first time in my life. All was well, except that at night, I still cried for the man who had ditched me.

"There are plenty of other guys out there," Natalie repeated over and over. "Tons."

Except there was only one man I was interested in. He saved me-he changed my life. I was almost sorry to see the paparazzi dwindle from my lawn. It was a testament to time. Gradually, the scandal of our brief relationship was ebbing away. No one cared anymore. I wondered, as I did often, if Luke thought of me as often as I did. Was his father still alive? Was he still catering to his every demand?

Once or twice, I thought about calling him, but I didn't want to be that girl. I wasn't going to be pathetic-I would not chase after a man who didn't want me. I didn't need him. That's what I told myself, anyways.

I hope he's happy, wherever he is. The thought of him spending the rest of his days miserable made my heart sick, and yet it was I who told him that he would. I wished I could take those words back.

I was in a gloomy mood when I shoved through the front door. Christmas was next week and Natalie was going home to her parents. She and Ben were taking a break, so the holidays were going to be rough for her. I was staying behind. Luke will probably be lonely, too. He has nothing but vipers in his family.

"Natalie," I called out as I opened my apartment door and shut it behind me. "I hope to God we have booze, because I'm feeling the need to do some drinking."

"In here."

Her voice sounded strange. Did Ben call? I hung up my scarf and coat rather quickly. I walked into the kitchen and stopped abruptly.

He was there, sitting around our crappy kitchen table. His back was to me, but I recognized his dark brown head and his straight back. He wore a black cashmere sweater and dark jeans that looked like they had been ironed. His head turned around and those lips that I had fantasized about every day, spoke to me.

"Jessica."

Behind him, Natalie stood up and retreated to her bedroom. I was still too stunned to really register that he was actually here, in my apartment.

"What are you doing here?"

I thought briefly of running into his arms while sobbing madly, which was what always happened in romantic comedies, but that wasn't my instinct. I just felt numb.

He stood up but didn't come any closer. I realized with a shock that Luke's eyes were gleaming. Was he crying?

"These past few weeks have been the worst in my life. I couldn't stop thinking about what you said-"

It swelled inside me. "Luke, I didn't mean it. You're a wonderful person; you're my favorite person. You're not like your dad."

"I was."

I could tell how much it hurt him to admit it. He pushed himself off the table and walked to me, and my heart sped as he came closer.

"I heard what you did with my money. I was thinking about you one night and I looked up your kitchen's website. I saw your name on the front page, and I knew what you had done."

He touched my face and a torrent of emotion suddenly boiled up, like the burst of liquid from a shaken soda can.

"You left me. You made me feel like I was nothing."

"I know-"

"I had to deal with all this craziness on my own." Tears slid down my face, but I stared at him boldly. I was trying to look for something inside him that would make up for his terrible behavior.

"I know and I'm so sorry." He grasped my hand and squeezed it, willing me to be silent. "These past few weeks have been miserable. I missed you so much. I realized how much I love who you are. You're the bravest girl I've ever met, and you're beautiful and honest. You could have made money by selling stories to the press, but you didn't."

I choked into the hands that cradled my face.

"I don't know where this is headed, but I can't let you go. I know that I'll never find someone like you."

I don't know which of us started forward, but we both launched ourselves and our faces joined, the salty tears dripping into my mouth as he held me so tightly against his chest that I couldn't breathe. Then I felt like I was in one of those romantic comedies, those silly movies where the man picks up the girl in his arms and kisses her like it's the last one he'll ever have.

He came back for me.

I broke off the kiss and laughed in utter joy as Luke's smile spread across his face.

Chapter 11

I stretched out on the beach towel, closing my eyes as the sun stroked my body with its warm gaze. The gentle roll of the ocean soothed my ears with its gentle lullaby. Eyes closed, I groped with my hand and found the tropical drink perched on a mound of hot sand.

I could get used to this.

There were perks to having a rich boyfriend with access to one of the most exclusive, private beaches in Bora Bora. I opened my eyes cautiously and a bright sky burned my eyeballs. I sat up and watched Luke swimming through the ocean waves, his arms rising and water droplets glittering from them like diamonds.

He needed to get away from it all. Luke managed to reconcile with his father. He told me that he went to the hospice after we broke up. After his father died, Luke only received a meager five hundred thousand with a note:

After all these years, I realized I loved the money more than my own family. It's too much for one person. I do not want to change the man you've become. I love you, Luke. -Dad

Luke's father had given a similar portion to his uncle, who did not waste time in uttering how disappointed he was. The remainder of his fortune was given to charities and other businesses. Luke had already raged and grieved over the money. "I'm glad that he and I made up before he died, but it still doesn't change the fact that he was a bastard for most of my life," he had told me. "This is the final insult."

He may not have believed in the message his father wrote, but I did. My eyes teared under the blazing sun as I recalled the words on his father's last farewell.

I hastily wiped the wetness from my eyes as Luke emerged from the water, his board trailing behind him. Dripping, he sat down next to me and immediately leaned over. Water from his hair dripped over my face, but I didn't mind because it was so hot. He blocked out the sun and smiled as his dripping head hovered over mine.

"You want something?"

"Come in the water with me."

My skin was baking with heat. I allowed him to pull me upright, not before I wrapped my hands around his head and kissed him.

"We should do this more often."

"What? Kiss?"

He chuckled. "Well, yes, but I meant that we should take more vacations."

"Well, we've only been together for six months. I don't have as many vacation days as you."

It had been six amazing months. After work, Luke would usually pick me up and we would have dinner. I spent a lot of nights at his place, but I hadn't abandoned my apartment, yet. I wasn't ready to move in with him. Besides, there was still Natalie.

I frowned as I thought of her. She split up with Ben, her long time college sweetheart and fiance. Natalie spent a lot of her days with a box of tissues nearby. I felt bad because things were going so well for me.

"You're thinking about her again, aren't you?"

I shrugged, avoiding his eyes. "I can't help it. She's all alone."

"You were all alone, too. Natalie will be fine. She has a very supportive family."

I nodded. "Can't you set her up with one of your friends?"

He sighed and shook his head. "I can try."

I felt a rush of affection for my boyfriend and I held him tightly against my chest. "Thanks. I love you."

His lips, soft against my cheek, raised a thrill inside me. I melted into his touch, bewildered by my love for him. I could never understand how he made me feel so complete. Luke helped me mend the hole in my heart. I didn't think I would ever be afraid of anything again.

"I love you, too."

