PROLOGUE

GENIE WAINWRIGHT STARED AT HER reflection in the mirror, and ignored the light but determined tapping at the door. She remained silent, soaking up the sadness of the now-empty bride's chamber.

Just an hour ago, this room at the Jefferson Hills Country Club had been filled with revelry. Six bridesmaids-Ross's sister, Genie's sisters, Amanda and Amber, and three of Genie's good friends, Shelly, Serena, and Jessica-throw in the maid of honor (her best friend Cami), Ross's mother, Genie's mother and grandmother, and it was like a pre-wedding party before the ceremony.

But that was before Aaron (Ross's dad) called his wife out into the hallway. When she came back in, she'd lost the smile she'd left with. Genie had known in an instant that something was terribly wrong.

The silent isolation of the now-empty room wrapped its icy disdain around Genie, bringing her back to the present. She cleared her throat and pushed aside the memory of that devastating moment when her perfect life had ended. She didn't want to relive it again. Not now. Not ever.

"Go away," Genie said to the incessant knocker.

"Gene, open the door." Cami's unrelenting voice traveled through the walls.

Genie didn't respond. Just kept staring at herself in the mirror. Her dark hair piled on top of her head still looked perfect. Her blue eyes were vacant of anything, even sadness, she thought. But that would come if she succumbed to the tears. She had to keep them imprisoned. She would not shed a single tear over that rat-bastard fiance of hers-make that ex fiance.

"Genie!" Cami yelled. "If you don't open the door, I'm gonna kick it down."

Yeah, right. Genie laughed a little.

"And you'll have to pay for it," Cami said in a firm voice.

"Go for it!" Genie said softly.

An instant later, there was a loud boom and the door swung open.

Genie jumped. Her heart slammed into overdrive. Cami peeked in, then disappeared back out into the hallway. Seconds later, she reappeared. Genie's jaw dropped as she stared into the mirror, watching Cami waltz into the bride's chamber in her sleeveless, knee-length blue dress, wearing a triumphant grin.

Genie glanced over her shoulder and twisted around to look at Cami's feet. Stilettos. No way had she kicked in the door in those. Genie shook her head.

"I warned you." Cami shrugged and dragged a chair up next to Genie. "I'm your best friend," she said quietly. Sitting, she raked her light-brown hair behind her ear. "Why wouldn't you open the door for me?"

"Because I know you." Genie turned to look at her. "You'll try to cheer me up."

"Well, yeah..."

"Don't you get it?" Genie asked. "There's nothing that you or anyone else can say that'll make this better." It was hopeless. Genie knew that. Why didn't everyone else?

"Really?" Cami bit her bottom lip and let her gaze roll around the room. When she settled back on Genie, she said in a tone that eventually landed in the realm of a question, "How about...a big-ass meteor crashed into Ross's house and sent him straight to hell?"

A hint of laughter escaped before Genie could wrangle it in and shove it back down into the despair pitted in her gut.

"Admit it." Cami nudged Genie. "It was funny."

Genie nodded. "Yeah, okay. It was kind of funny." For a minute. But it wasn't enough to take away the emptiness that'd befallen her a couple of hours ago. Ross had left her-practically at the altar. He hadn't had the guts to tell her himself that he didn't want to marry her. He'd left that chore to his parents.

"Look, I know this is hollow comfort," Cami said softly. "But even on his best day, Ross Harper was never good enough for you."

"You're right," Genie said. It was hollow comfort. She looked at Cami, fighting the tears that were hell-bent on escaping. "I'm supposed to be headed to Hawaii right now. With my husband." Her voice cracked. She choked the hurt back down into her gut.

"I'd still go...if I were you." Cami nodded.

"What...?"

"Hell, yes!" Cami smirked beneath deliberately raised eyebrows. "Trade Ross's share in. Upgrade. Go in style."

Genie shook her head. "I can't do that."

"Says who?"

"I have to cancel the trip. Give him back half the money." Genie's voice wavered. "Don't I?"

"No, you don't," Cami said with an arrogant laugh. "Ross owes you a hell of a lot more than a trip to Hawaii. That's for sure."

Maybe Cami was right. Ross did owe Genie for the hurt and humiliation he'd caused her today. But did she really want to spend the next week on the island of Maui-lovers' paradise-alone?

Genie shook her head. "That's just what I need. A week at a resort that caters to honeymooners."

"The heck with that," Cami said. "Go to Oahu. The north shore, where it's nice and quiet. There's that swanky resort up there. Sapphire Bay or something like that. My parents love that place."

Well, if Cami's parents loved it, that was a sure sign it wouldn't be a singles' playground.

Sapphire Bay sounded perfect. Exactly the kind of place Genie could mend her broken heart. A place where there would be no eligible men-at least none that'd pique her interest.

CHAPTER 1

DONNIE TAYLOR HAD COME FROM old Texas oil money. When he turned twenty-six, he'd gone to his father with the idea for Sapphire Bay Resort-an upscale haven set in paradise. His father had been hesitant, but Donnie's mother had insisted-even though her son would be moving half a world away.

Five years later, Sapphire Bay Resort was no longer the best kept secret on the island of Oahu. Located on the North Shore, it appealed to the more discerning customer rather than the party crowd that liked to hang out at Waikiki. And that's the way Donnie liked it.

He enjoyed living in paradise. He enjoyed running the resort. What he didn't enjoy was his mother's constant nagging about grandchildren. It had gotten worse when she decided to move to Hawaii about a year ago, after his father died.

Donnie hated disappointing her, but how could he make her see that he hadn't met a women he'd want to spend the rest of his life with, much less father her children.

But that hadn't stopped Marla Taylor. She'd finagled her way into volunteering at the hotel's concierge desk, but Donnie knew she was only positioning herself to scan the women as they came and went. So far, she hadn't throw any of the hotel's guests at him, but it wasn't for lack of effort. Donnie knew it was only a matter of time before she found the one she deemed Ms. Right.

He strolled through the open veranda, smiling and greeting hotel guests and staff alike with an amiable nod. His mother wasn't at the concierge desk, and that troubled him as he headed for the elevator and his office on the second floor.

His secretary, Lorna, hadn't come in yet. As Donnie recalled, she'd said something about a doctor's appointment today. Passing by Lorna's work space, he wondered where his mother was and what she was up to?

Opening the door to his office, he found Marla Taylor sitting at his desk. She was in her late fifties and not a bad looking woman-as far as mothers go-and Donnie couldn't understand why she didn't concentrate on her own love life.

"Morning, Mother." He called her mother because he knew it bugged her. "Something wrong with your desk?" He stood beside his chair, staring down at her.

"No. I just wanted to talk to you." Her Texas drawl was alive and kicking, and truth be told, so was Donnie's, just not as pronounced. It was hard to get rid of something that'd been more than twenty-five years in the making.

"What can I do for you?" he asked, thumbing through the files on his desk, pretending to look at them.

"Well, for starters-"

"Never mind." He raised a hand as if that'd stop her. But something had to. Donnie had bigger problems than his mother's need for grandchildren. "Mom, I really don't have time right now. Erin called in sick," he said of one of the two dayshift hostesses for the Beachcomber Cafe, one of four restaurants on the resort's grounds. "I've got to find a replacement to handle her duties." There was no way the other hostess, Kelly, could handle the crowd by herself. Donnie wondered if he could get one of the waitresses from the Oceanview to stand in?

Marla stood. "I can do it." Her voice was calm, but her eagerness was shining brightly on her face.

It wasn't the greatest idea, but it wasn't the worst either. Marla could easily handle the task of greeting the coffee shop's patrons. She'd also be on the female diners like a dog with a bone once she found out they were single. And she would find out.

"Mom..." He glared at her and issued a stern warning. "You can't be pestering the female diners in the restaurant."

"Donnie." She used her scolding tone. What she didn't know was that it hadn't worked on him since he turned ten. "People in Hawaii are friendly. I intend to merely uphold that tradition."

He latched onto her arm and guided her toward the door. "Don't make me regret this, Mother," he said, shuffling her out into the hallway.

So far, Donnie had been able to appease the resort's guests his mother had interrogated. Thankfully, they were easily amused with comps for dinner at the Wishing Well, Sapphire Bay's world-renowned steakhouse. He didn't want to get to the point where he had to start handing out free passes to the hotel's best suites because of his mother's hare-brained schemes.

Genie Wainwright hid away in her room the first few days she was in Hawaii. On her sixth morning, she awaken at 5:00 a.m. and went down to the beach to take photos of the incredible sun rise. After breakfast at Oceanview's morning buffet, she went back to the beach and perched herself under an umbrella. She was early. The only company she had (other than beachside vendors) was a half-washed-away sandcastle, probably a leftover remnant from yesterday.

As the resort's guests began to dot the shoreline, Genie found solace in the sight and sound of whispering waves crawling up onto the shore and then prowling back out again.

Around 11:30, hunger pangs nagged at her sanity so she decided to head back up to the hotel to grab some lunch. She pushed herself up from the beach chair, smiling to herself. She could stay right here at Sapphire Bay for the rest of her trip and be quite content. As pricey as this place was, it wasn't as costly as the honeymooners' paradise over on Maui. Cami's bright idea had bought Genie a few extra days just by moving over to Oahu.

That settled it. Before she headed home she was going to visit the resort's gift shop and buy Cami an awesome 'thank you' present.

Genie fished around in her beach bag and came out with a sarong, which she wrapped around her waist, and a tee shirt that she pulled down over her bikini top. Slipping her feet into her pale green Reef thongs, she liked the idea that what she was wearing was suitable attire for any restaurant on the island.

She trekked back inside the hotel and decided to try the Beachcomber Cafe.

A woman about the same age as Genie's mother approached her with a smile. The coral print Hawaiian-style dress she was wearing looked good on her. Her dark hair was short and perfectly coiffed. Her makeup was done to precision. Her smile brightened her eyes and instantly flooded Genie with feelings of cheer.

"Good morning," the woman said, then laughed, looking at her watch. She nodded and glanced back up at Genie. "It is still morning. Sometimes I lose track." Still laughing at herself, she added, "Just one?" Genie nodded. The woman grabbed a menu and motioned for Genie to follow her. "Would you like to sit out on the terrace? It's a lovely view."

"That'd be great," Genie said, following the woman through the restaurant. A gentle breeze blew past as they moved outside. "You're right," Genie said, taking in the sight of intense blue waters glistening in the sunlight. "What a gorgeous view."

The hostess led her to the far corner table, one that could seat four. "Here." She smiled at Genie. "This table affords the best view."

Genie pulled a chair out and sat. "Thank you," she said, accepting the menu from the hostess.

"Brianna will be your server today," the woman said. "Can I bring you something to drink while you look over the menu?"

Genie thought about it briefly and decided to quench her thirst with something that had a little flavor. "Raspberry iced tea sounds really good."

The hostess trotted away, but was back before Genie had time to take an extended look at the waves tumbling lazily toward the shore.

"My name is Marla," she said, setting the glass of tea in front of Genie. "If you need anything else, just flag me down."

When the waitress came around, Genie ordered a warm flank steak salad with mint and cilantro, and a fruit bowl. Once the waitress walked away, Genie checked her phone for messages. She ignored them all, except the text from Cami asking how she was doing. Genie answered back: Fine, thanks. Looking forward to a few more lazy days on the beach and not having people pitying me.

After she'd sent the message, Genie laid her phone on the tabletop and steered her gaze back toward the ocean. It practically hypnotized her. The resort's guests were sunbathing on the beach. Children were playing along the water's edge. Swimmers splashed around. Surfers road their boards out, in hopes of catching a decent wave. The scene was idyllic and, if only for a moment, chased her troubles away.

When the food arrived, Genie barely tore her gaze away from the scene as she began eating while still concentrating on the panoramic sight before her. The simplicity of the waves rolling back and forth left her with a peaceful feeling. She wouldn't mind staying here forever.

Marla had been watching the lone diner, the pretty girl she'd seated out on the terrace, while she ate her meal. She'd half-expected to see a man join her, but no one ever did. She couldn't imagine the young woman being in Hawaii alone, but if she was, Marla would use it to her advantage. She headed toward the girl.

"Honey..." Marla said, standing over her. "Is your husband off working and leaving you to fend for yourself?"

"Huh?" The girl looked up at her.

"I can't imagine why you'd be here eating all by yourself."

"No." She chuckled. "I don't have a husband. I'm dining alone because I'm here alone."

Marla sighed. "May I?" she asked, nodding toward the empty chair across from the young woman.

The girl shrugged. "By all means."

"What in the world would bring someone such as yourself to Hawaii alone?"

"It's a long story."

Marla sensed the pain hiding behind her smile. Her sad blue eyes gave it away. "Well," Marla said, "you've come to the right place, Miss..."

"I'm sorry." The girl blushed a little. "I'm Genie Wainwright."

"It's a pleasure to meet you, Genie. Where are you visiting us from?"

"California. Just outside San Francisco."

Marla stood. "If you need anything at all, be sure to let me know. If you can't find me, just ask around for me. I'm Marla Taylor." After a quick smile, Marla strolled away. She had everything she needed, for the time being. For now, she was going to find out how long Ms. Wainwright would be with them. As long as she wasn't leaving tomorrow, there was no reason in the world why she and Donnie shouldn't meet.

CHAPTER 2

DONNIE TAYLOR HAD COME TO LEARN that it was never a good sign to find his mother behind the registration desk. He strolled toward her with a smile, in hopes of putting a stop to her latest stunt-whatever it was.

"Mother..." He stopped across the counter from her and looked at her for a long moment. "I thought you were manning the hostess station in the Beachcomber?"

"I am," she said.

Donnie looked around. "Mother, this is the registration desk. The restaurant is over there." He pointed over his shoulder.

"I know. I know." She propped her hands on her hips and shot him a scowl. "But you know all those tickets we received for dinner cruises on the Blue Pacific...the one you're thinking about buying?" She paused and didn't continue until he nodded. "Well, I was thinking that you probably don't want to distribute those tickets to our guests until you've seen the ship. Right?"

"Your point, Mother?" Donnie cleared his throat. Marla paid no mind to his glare.

"I met one of our guests today. She's such a sweet, sweet girl, yet so sad and dejected. Something awful has happened to her. I don't know what, but you could give her something to smile about if you'd invite her to dinner. And if dinner was on the ship, you could cheer her up and check out the dinner cruise's operation at the same time. Multitasking. Isn't that what you call it?" Marla gave him that look. The one that said she had a right as his mother to demand outrageous things of him. "And you never know, you just might have a good time."

"Mother." He sucked in a breath, hoping it'd help him stay calm. "Contrary to what you might think, your job at the hotel is not matchmaker. In fact, you don't have a job here at all."

Marla marched around the counter and grabbed Donnie's arm, leading him toward the center of the lobby. "Donnie... what's it gonna hurt if you escort a pretty girl to dinner? She's all alone."

"It's not a good idea."

"Why not?"

Donnie laughed as a trapped feeling washed over him. "If she's here alone, I'm sure it's for a reason. And I doubt she wants me intruding."

"Oh, great..." Marla threw her hands in the air. "You're just going to let her wither away until her heart is beyond repair?"

"I'm sure someone is up for the task of saving her. Maybe even someone here at the hotel." Donnie shrugged and shook his head. "But it's not me."

"It's not gonna kill you just this once."

Donnie's jaw clenched, but he managed to get his objection out anyway. "Mother, I don't have time to go roaming around the hotel looking to invite all the single women to dinner."

"You don't have to invite all of them. Just one." Marla took on a triumphant smile. "And you don't have to go looking for her." She turned Donnie around. "She's right over there," she said, giving him a push in the direction of the gift shop.

Donnie scanned the area at the shop's entrance. The only solitary person he saw was a tall, slender woman. Her long hair was dark, like espresso, her face pretty. Maybe he could just say hello. It would be rude of him not to inquire after her comfort and contentment.

As he and his mother approached the young woman, she caught sight of them and smiled. "Marla..."

"How are you today, Genie?" Marla asked.

"Wonderful." She giggled, but there was a sadness radiating from her smile. "But who wouldn't be in this paradise?"

"Genie, this is my son, Donnie."

"It's nice to meet you." Genie smiled and offered her hand. He accepted.

"Believe me," he said. "The pleasure is all mine."

"You work here at the hotel, too?" she asked.

He nodded.

"Yeah? What do you do here?"

Before his mother could brag about the fact that he owned the place, he said, "I do a little of this and a little of that."

As pretty as Genie was, there was something in her eyes-agony, perhaps-that tugged at his heartstrings. It made him want to pull her to him and comfort her.

"It was very nice to meet you." She gave him one last smile, then turned and stepped away. His heart wanted to follow her.

"Um, Genie?" He stepped clumsily after her. She glanced over her shoulder, smiled and stopped. He said, "I've a favor to ask you." She waited. He swallowed the lump in his throat, or maybe it was his pride, and said, "I have to attend a dinner cruise tonight. Would you like to join me?"

For a minute, she looked liked she was going to decline, but then the a smile tipped the corners of her mouth. "Okay." She nodded. "Might be fun."

"Great. I'm meet you here in the lobby. At four."

"What's the dress code?"

He chuckled, suddenly very aware of his tan trousers and yellow Hawaiian shirt. "Everything in Hawaii is casual."

"All right." She nodded. "See you here in the lobby at four."

Donnie watched her walk toward the elevators. He hoped she showed. Mentally, he calculated the odds. Forty-sixty. Thirty-seventy. Definitely not in his favor.

If he had reminded her that he owned the hotel-he was sure Marla had already brought it up-it might have increased his odds. But truth be told, Donnie didn't want to have dinner with that kind of girl.

Genie caught one last glimpse of Marla's son, Donnie, as the elevator doors closed between them. He had movie-star good looks with a tall, athletic body. His hair was as dark as the night and cropped short. His eyes matched the blue water off the shores of Oahu.

She wondered what his job at the hotel really was? He'd been awfully evasive when she asked. Maybe hotel concierge or something like that. It mattered little, though. She was here to forget about that rat, Ross, and she had a feeling Donnie Taylor was a good way to start.

Genie decided to wear a dress she'd bought a couple of days ago in Waikiki. She'd been instantly drawn to the Hawaiian dress with spaghetti straps. Its red flowers against a black background was eye-catching. She'd also picked up a short cashmere sweater in black to go with it.

At five of four she grabbed her leather-cased phone, draped the strap over her shoulder, and headed out. When the elevator doors parted at the lobby, she couldn't believe her eyes. Donnie was standing at the concierge desk, wearing a Hawaiian shirt that matched her dress. Genie's first thought was to run back upstairs and change so he didn't think she was spying on him. That was something Ross would've thought.

Before she could press the elevator button, Donnie glanced her way and smiled. Too late. She was stuck now. She felt her face flush as she stepped out of the lift.

He strolled toward her with the kind of swagger that comes from an abundance of confidence. His delightful smile made it easier to take his assurance, which bordered on arrogance.

"Nice dress," he said.

"Nice shirt."

"You know what this means...?"

She sucked in a breath and held it, waiting for him to say something completely unfiltered and inappropriate.

"You and I..." he said. "We're a perfect fit."

He offered his arm and she draped her hand around the crook of it. "You're pretty sure of yourself," she said as he led her toward the hotel entrance.

"No, I'm not," he said softly as they passed through the doors. "It's just a cover." He opened the door to a car waiting at curbside.

"For what?" she asked, climbing into the back seat.

Donnie slid in beside her and the driver shut the door. Donnie leaned toward her and said, "Intimidation."

Genie felt her brow furrow, unable to determine if he was talking about himself or her.

"You intimidate the hell out of me, girl." He chuckled a bit, and shook his head.

"Me? Intimidate you?" Maybe he thought she was rich or something. Boy was he in for a shock. She and Ross had saved for over a year to afford this trip.

"You're an incredibly beautiful woman, Genie." His admiring gaze raked over her in ways that made her want to blush.

Me? Genie fought hard to keep her cool by tossing in a little humor to see if it'd help. "You don't get out much, do you?"

His laughter lightened the mood, and she was happy for it. He said, "Oh, I pride myself on being an authority on beautiful women." He nodded. "And you're by far at the top of the list."

She studied him stoically as the thought actions speak louder than words crossed her mind. She asked, "Do women actually buy that line?"

He looked at her for a minute, really looked at her, then a sad smile tipped the corners of his mouth. Genie bet he was a good kisser. He asked, "You're fresh off a heartbreak, aren't you?"

Genie's heart stammered against her chest and she felt her face flush. "Nothing I can't handle." It took her a few seconds to work up the courage to look at Donnie. But she might as well get it over with and set the boundaries right now. "And nothing I want to talk about, either."

"All right." He waited a beat before saying, "Can I ask you one thing, though?"

She raised her eyebrows to harden her glare.

"Are you really single? Or are you just waiting-on-him-to-come-to-his-senses single?"

Genie hadn't considered that notion. She let the idea tumble around in her head. Would she go back to Ross? She'd like to think she wouldn't. "I am," she said, hoping to convey a measure of certainty in her words, "really single."

He shot her sly grin. "Good."

The drive to the marina was pleasant with Donnie naming points of interest along the way. Genie could get used to having her own personal tour guide.

"Were you born on the island?" she asked.

"No." He shook his head. "I've been here for around five years. I'm originally from Texas."

"Texas?" She never would've guessed. There wasn't much about his accent that made him seem any different from the people she was used to chatting with on a daily basis. Although, now that she thought about it, Marla did have a touch of southern in her tone.

"Why does that surprise you?" he asked behind a chuckle.

"Texas." She shrugged. "Brings to mind cattle ranches, oil wells, and somebody who sounds just like J.R. Ewing."

"But hopefully not as ruthless, right?"

"Hopefully not." Genie let her gaze roll out the window. Donnie was incredibly easy to talk to, and so polite and accommodating. Maybe she'd been going after the wrong type of guy. Jerks. That's what she'd always been attracted to-why, she didn't know. But Donnie was living proof that nice guys could also be incredibly handsome and debonair.

At the marina, a large crowd had gathered near a vessel that looked like a smaller version of the ship Genie and Cami had taken a cruise on after graduating from high school.

"So these dinner cruises are popular here, huh?" she asked off-handedly.

"That they are."

The driver opened the door and Donnie climbed out, then offered his hand to her. "Thanks," she said, leveraging her way out of the car. Genie began to wonder how much of a dent tonight had put in Donnie's wallet. This dinner cruise couldn't be cheap.

A gentle Pacific breeze blew past, taking Genie's worries with it. Oh well. Maybe he had a coupon or something. However he'd come by the tickets, she intended to enjoy the evening.

After they posed for the commemorative photograph, Donnie and Genie were whisked away to the top of the four-deck ship. The dining room was meant to convey opulence, but Genie knew it was not much more than a pretense. Even so, she intended to enjoy the evening. What's not to enjoy? She was dining with an incredibly handsome man who was nothing short of the perfect gentleman. Under those circumstances, a girl could overlook the fact that the restaurant wasn't nearly as luxurious as it pretended to be.

Genie eyed the long tables in the center of the room, hoping they wouldn't be dining at one of those. She'd prefer something a little more intimate, like one of the private tables along the windows.

The hostess greeted them with a smile. "Name?"

Genie glanced at her name tag-Angela-vaguely hearing Donnie say, "Taylor."

The girl perused her list. "Donnie or Richard?"

"Donnie."

"Great." With a nod, she added, "We got a table with a great view over here for you." Angela pointed to the other side of the ship.

"Wonderful." Donnie held Genie's hand as they followed the waitress to one of the tables midway along the starboard windows.

Thankfully, the tables were intimate. Just two diners for each. Genie liked that idea. Donnie pulled her chair out, and once she'd seated herself, he did the same.

"Would you care for some wine?" he asked.

She nodded. "Sure. I've love a glass."

Once the hostess heard Donnie's request for a bottle of wine, she ambled away. He'd ended up ordering a pinot. His first requests had been Argiolas Vermentino or Turley Zinfandel, neither of which they had on board the ship. Donnie could already see tons of changes needing to be made if he bought the ship. Trouble was, he wasn't sure where to begin.

Instead of dwelling on the dinner cruise's inadequacies, he settled his sights on Genie. She was such a beautiful woman. He couldn't understand how she'd come to be here in paradise all alone. Oh well, if someone had been dumb enough to let her go...Donnie's gain. He just wished he could be sure she liked him more than his money.

Their salads came, and while they ate, they chitchatted about nothing to personal. Genie said only that she was in Hawaii to get away from it all, and was enjoying her respite.

The show was Hawaiian in every sense of the word, but Donnie had seen better. Every so often, Genie would look at him and smile. He got the feeling she was a little bored by the show, but every time her eyes met his, hers sparkled.

He leaned her way, asking, "What do you think of the show?"

It took a moment before she said, "It's like nothing I've ever seen."

"Well, if you ask me," he said, "they could invest a few bucks and hire some quality entertainment."

"That would be a start." Her voice remained neutral, but from the perplexity lurking in her eyes, Donnie figured she felt the same about it as him.

Like a bolt of lightning, it hit Donnie. Who better to know how to give this place a much needed shot in the arm but a woman hoping for a fabulous evening? At least that's what he'd like to think she was counting on. Donnie leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms over his chest. "So what would you do to this ship if you owned it? How would you turn it into the best dinner cruise on the island?"

"Well..." She hesitated, clearly mulling it over. "Assuming that I've already taken care of the entertainment." She gazed around the dining room. "Are we in the economy section?" she asked, then looked at him with sweet eyes that made him forget that he might've been insulted.

It was impossible to ignore or dismiss her admiring gaze. It wrapped him in pleasure. "No." Donnie shook his head and laughed to himself. "We're in the royal treatment section."

"Well, it's worse than I thought then." Her eyes filled with an odd mixture of wariness and joy. "First, the dining room needs to be redesigned. It's nice, but not nice enough to expect people to pay royal treatment prices. I'd rearrange the dining room completely. It's too crowded in here." She shook her head. "If people are paying for luxury, it should start with privacy." Genie shrugged, and Donnie tended to agree. "And where is the Captain?" she asked. "People like dining at the Captain's table on cruise ships. So why not here?" Genie gave the room another once-over while Donnie was making mental notes of everything she said. "I'd probably do something with the decks too. Make it enticing for couples to steal a romantic moment against the moonlight."

"Anything else?"

"Yeah." She giggled. "I'd give it some dorky name...like Glamorous Genie, or something stupid like that."

"Any improvements to the food?"

"It's mediocre at best." She shrugged. "I'd bring in a top-notch chef and revamp the menu entirely."

Man, this girl had a head for business on her shoulders. Donnie didn't know if he wanted to hire her or date her.

CHAPTER 3

THE NEXT MORNING, MARLA was waiting for Donnie in his office. Not that he was particularly surprised. He knew his mother would want the dirt on last night. It's just that there was nothing to tell. He'd had a pleasant evening with Genie, but soon she'd be headed back to the mainland and that would be the end of that.

"Good morning, Mother." Donnie stopped at the chair she occupied in front of his desk-When Marla had no qualms about claiming his chair as her own, it was a sure sign that she was up to something-he kissed her cheek and then proceeded to his own chair behind the desk.

"How was your evening?" she asked, and that did surprise him. He'd anticipated a little buttering-up before she dove right into the heart of the matter, the reason for this chat.

"It was fine, Mother." He smiled. "We had a pleasant evening."

"So you like her?"

"Yes, I like her." He felt the blush heating his cheeks and tried to stifle it. "But there are two very good reasons why it can't go any farther." Donnie fell silent, thinking she'd issue a protest right off the bat. When she didn't, he continued, "Firstly, she'll go back to the mainland when her vacation is over."

"Oh, like you couldn't convince her to stay," Marla said with a saucy edge to her voice.

"And that brings us to the second reason." Donnie nodded. "How could I ever be sure if she likes me or the fact that I own this hotel?"

"Why on Earth would you tell her you own Sapphire Bay before you got to know her?"

"I didn't tell her, you did."

"I didn't tell her that you own the hotel."

"What exactly did you tell her?"

"That you work here." Marla shrugged. "It's not a lie."

Donnie rubbed his forehead with the tips of his fingers. He must've come across as a buffoon last night. He'd spent the evening thinking she knew who he was, while she had been (wrongly) informed that he was simply an employee of the hotel.

No matter how well-meant her intentions were, Marla had created a huge headache for Donnie. How could he tell Genie the truth? What if she thought he was trying to dupe her?

Donnie shook his head. "Well, it really doesn't matter." He wasn't willing to find out how she'd take it. "We went on a date and it's over now."

"That girl is suffering from some serious heartache."

"I know that."

"Did she tell you what exactly?" Marla waited. Donnie shook his head. "She's being very tight-lipped about it, but I think she's here recovering."

"I think you're probably right." The thought of Genie's heart belonging to someone else didn't sit right. Donnie's own heart plummeted into his gut. "Which is even more reason to keep my distance."

"I taught you better than that!"

"What do you mean...?" Donnie's voice was hollow; his laughter affected.

"How you treat that girl right now will determine whether or not she'll open herself up to love again in the future, or if she'll close herself off completely."

Donnie hated it when Marla was right. Especially if it meant he had to journey down a road he wasn't comfortable approaching, much less traveling.

"Don't shatter what's left of her already fragile heart."

Yes, but what about my heart?

Genie stood at the window overlooking the blue-green waters of Sapphire Bay. She had to hand it to the hotel staff, when they said unobstructed ocean view, they really meant it. The resort's private beach was beneath her, but her twenty-third floor room ensured that nothing got in the way of that glorious view.

"Seriously, Gene..." Cami's voice echoed from the cell phone in Genie's hand. "You went on a date last night?"

"I wouldn't exactly call it a date." Genie shrugged. "I think his mother put him up to it."

"His mother?"

"Yeah. I think they both work here at the hotel."

Cami sighed. "Well, if nothing else, he's a great transitional guy to get back in the swing of dating."

"I'm not really interested in dating anyone." Even as she said it, Genie knew she was lying as images of last night flickered though her thoughts. Donnie was so easy to talk to, not to mention completely gorgeous. She wondered what his job was at the hotel, and how long he'd had to save to take her on that dinner cruise last night. It just didn't make sense that he'd spend that kind of money on a girl his mother had pushed him into taking out to dinner. Maybe the dinner cruise was a reward from the hotel for his exemplary service. No matter how it happened, the truth was, she was interested in dating Donnie, but he lived half a world away. "Besides, there'll be like two thousand miles separating us when I go back home." That was just it. Genie was going home, and sooner than she's like. In a couple of days.

"Typical," Cami said. "You finally meet Mr. Right and he works in a hotel in Hawaii." Her laughter teetered off.

"Mr. Right?" Genie scoffed. "Nobody said anything about Mr. Right. Besides, we've only had one date. One."

"Doesn't take more than a taste of the wine to know if the bottle's a keeper. So did he kiss you?"

"No!" Genie said a little too quickly and a little too loudly.

Cami grunted. "Next time, you kiss him."

"What?"

"Is that not every woman's secret fantasy...to be swept off her feet by Mr. Hot-and-Sexy while on some exotic vacation?" Cami chuckled.

"Well, there's not going to be a next time." Genie felt the depression over that swelling inside her. "We said goodbye in the lobby last night. I went my way and he went his. We made no plans to see each other again."

"Oh, he's gotta call."

"Says who?"

"The fantasy doesn't end like this, Gene." Cami's insistence flowed through the phone. "It ends with one of you having to make the decision to move to where the other lives. My money's on you."

"Why me?"

"Because I want to come visit you in Hawaii."

"Well, you're out of luck. I'll be leaving in a couple of days and I don't anticipate seeing him again beforehand."

"Of course you'll see him again. Fate wouldn't be that cruel." A brutal silence lay between them for just a second or two, but it was long enough to make Genie wish she hadn't told Cami about last night. "Plus," Cami continued, "he works at the hotel where you're staying."

Genie was about to object when a firm knock pulled her thoughts toward the door. "Hang on, someone's at the door."

"Mr. Fantasy!" Cami giggled.

Genie opened the door to a delivery person behind a dozen white roses. Genie's heart thudded against her chest. The girl behind the bouquet peeked around and smiled. "Genie Wainwright?" she asked. Genie nodded. "These are for you. I'll just need a signature."

"Hang on," Genie said into the phone, then used both hands (her phone still in one) to grab the vase. She set the roses on the table by the door, then signed the girl's tablet. "One second and I'll get you a tip." She hurried toward the dresser where she'd laid her purse, grabbed her wallet and fished out a five. "Thanks," she said, handing the money to the girl before closing the door.

Genie leaned against the door. Crazy, chaotic thoughts raced through her head. Where had the flowers come from?

"Gene, what's going on?" Cami's voice came from the phone lying on the table next to the roses.

Genie grabbed it. "Cami," she said breathlessly, "somebody sent me a dozen white roses."

Both girls were keenly aware that Ross had had a habit of sending Genie white roses. Genie didn't want them to be from Ross. She hadn't thought of him not once since she'd first laid eyes on Donnie Taylor yesterday. And she liked it like that.

Finally, Cami said, "They're from Mr. Fantasy."

"You think?" Genie's hope-filled voice scraped out over her uncertainty.

"Is there a card?"

"Yes." But Genie didn't dare touch it.

"What's it say?" Cami asked. "Who sent the flowers?"

"I don't know."

"It doesn't say?"

"No, I haven't read it."

"Well geez, girl. Open the damn card and read it."

Genie inched toward the card and plucked it carefully from its perch. She eased it from the tiny envelope and went straight to the bottom, to the name inscribed there. Donnie. Not Ross, but Donnie. A wave of relief washed over her. She went back to the top and began to read his message.

"Genie!" Cami yelped from the phone. "Who sent the roses?"

"Donnie," Genie said softly.

"I knew it!" Cami squealed. "What does he say? He wants to see you again, doesn't he?"

"Yes." Genie nodded. "He wants me to have dinner with him tonight."

"You're going, right?"

"I don't know." Genie shook her head. "Nothing good can come from it."

"Sure it can," Cami said. "It can help you get past Ross so you can move on to find your perfect match."

"How will I know when I've met this so-called perfect match...if I ever do?" She'd thought that was Ross. And she'd been so wholly and completely wrong on that score. "He could be right under my nose and I wouldn't even know it."

"One thing's for sure." Cami chuckled. "It's not the desk clerk at your hotel...no matter how hot he is."

CHAPTER 4

CAMI'S WORDS, "Go. Have dinner with Mr. Hottie, but don't wear your heart on your sleeve," echoed through Genie's thoughts as she looked across the table at Donnie. Choosing to follow Cami's advice hadn't been all that difficult, but now that Genie was here, staying put was another matter.

"When did you leave Texas?" Genie asked. She was trying to keep the conversation neutral, but at the same time she wanted to know more about Donnie.

"Which time?" he said with a hint of laughter.

She paused a minute, then said, "When you came here."

"About five years ago." His smile made the silence settling between them bearable. He studied her for a moment and then, as if he knew the thoughts running through her head, he continued. "When I was a kid we came here on vacation. I guess you could say that I got sand in my shoes, because coming back here to live was all I ever thought about."

His confession swirled around her and filled her with doubt. There was no way she'd ever talk him into coming back to the mainland, even though there were dozens of luxury hotels he could work at back home. Uncertainty swelled inside Genie. Did she want that? Was she prepared to enter into a relationship with a desk clerk or a bell hop?

Oh, who was she kidding? She wasn't anybody special. Just a home stager. What about that made her so much better than, say, a desk clerk? Nothing. No, no matter how much Cami or Shelly or Jessica scoffed about her decision, she would be proud to call a man like Donnie Taylor her husband.

Yeah, right! You just keep on dreamin'. Nothing like that was ever going to happen, because Donnie would never agree to return to the mainland-no matter what she said or did.

What Genie had to decide was if she was prepared to go back home without Donnie.

This is crazy! She snapped at herself. Who says he'd want me for more than a night or two anyway? That's probably what he did with all the tourists. Wined and dined them while they were on vacation, then bid them adieu when it was time for them to leave.

Like Cami had said, Genie had better guard her heart.

Donnie wasn't sure what exactly had turned Genie cold, but something had and he didn't like it. He hadn't made it a habit to get involved with his guests and he couldn't decide whether to curse his mother or thank her.

Genie was everything a man could want, and after just two dates, Donnie didn't want to think about how lonely the rest his life would be without her. But there was a sadness about her. She'd built a wall around herself, and just when he thought he was close to claiming a place in her heart-she shut the door on him.

Oh well, he'd just have to chip at that wall until it fell. "You haven't said when you're going home."

She glanced up at him. "Day after tomorrow."

Donnie didn't like the sound of that. "That truly is a shame."

She laughed. Not a hearty laugh, but one that mocked him. She didn't believe a word that was coming out of his mouth. She said, "But we've always got tonight, right?"

Donnie had a hard time picking his heart up off the floor. Why was she so cynical? If only she'd share her past with him. He wanted to say something, anything to set her mind at ease, but so far, no words of wisdom were climbing over the ego-thrashing she'd just given him.

"I'm sorry. That was mean of me." She shook her head. "You've been nothing but a perfect gentleman, and you don't deserve that."

She wasn't the cold, heartless woman she pretended to be. He could see that in the remorse on her face. Donnie was starting to put stock in his mother's idea that Genie had been hurt. Badly. And if he had to guess, he'd say recently.

"It's okay," he said, and secretly chastised himself for it. He should run for the hills before this girl got the chance to break his heart. Instead, he added, "But I wish you'd tell me why you're in Hawaii alone."

It couldn't be put to her any plainer than that. If Genie didn't tell Donnie about Ross right now, this moment, she'd spoil any chance they might have for a future together.

Like that was ever going to happen. Nevertheless, Donnie had specifically asked to know why she was here alone, so continuing to hide it just didn't seem right.

She didn't have to like it. She didn't want to talk about Ross. She wanted to forget about him. And she would, just as soon as she told Donnie about him.

She cleared her throat and focused on the candlelight on the table between them. "I'm supposed to be in Maui right now. On my honeymoon."

"Your honeymoon?" His voice had gone shaky.

"Yeah." She nodded and dared to glance at him.

"How did you wind up here?"

"The wedding was called off." She hesitated. Donnie was looking more than a little worried. How could she make him understand that Ross was no longer an option? She'd taken him off the table when he left her standing at the altar. Hell would freeze over before she'd open her arms or her heart to Ross Harper again. She dug deep into her gut for some confidence before saying, "let's just say that we came to a mutual agreement that we weren't right for each other." Genie nodded and reached for her water goblet. And now, after meeting Donnie, she could see how that statement was completely accurate. Either that, or Ross's actions had chased away every ounce of love she'd ever felt for him, because how else could she explain her attraction to Donnie?

"Where is this guy right now?" Donnie asked, apprehension fueling his words.

"Beats the hell out of me," she said, wishing she'd ordered a Mai Tai or something.

"So he's not here in Hawaii, lurking around the corner, regretting his mistake?" Donnie reached for the beer he'd ordered and sucked down a healthy swig. He set the bottle down and peered at her intently. "Because, I swear...only a fool would let you go."

"No..." She shook her head, feeling very confident about her answer, not to mention relieved. "I don't know where he is, but he's not here. I cashed in the Maui trip and traded it for a week, in paradise as it turns out." She felt her cheeks warm and smiled, hoping to hide the blush that was surely tinting her face. She looked at him, seeing the raw desire in his gaze.

"Will you spend the day with me tomorrow?" he asked, undressing her, caressing her, tantalizing her with his eyes.

Genie knew she should say no. She was setting herself up for lasting heartbreak this time. How many Donnies could she run across while she was running away?

But she couldn't help herself. She nodded. "Yes."

The next morning, they had breakfast together in the Beachcomber Cafe, then Donnie drove her to a secluded beach about fifteen minutes from the resort.

She was glad when he buried an umbrella in the sand. That way, she wouldn't have to worry about burning if they ended up staying out in the sun too long.

He'd also brought along a basket of fruits, crackers, cheeses, and chilled bottled water, which they'd placed along the edges of a blanket they'd spread out underneath the umbrella.

Seeing Donnie in his swim trunks and shirtless, Genie was trying hard not to stare, but it was impossible. His well-defined body was not something that came naturally. It was something he had to work at-and Genie appreciated his efforts.

Lying together on the blanket, he was on his back while she was on her stomach, propped on her elbows and sharing grapes with him. She popped one in her mouth. "You sure you're not gonna get into trouble today, missing work and all?"

"Nah..." He shook his head. "I'm off today."

"Good," she said, dropping a grape into his mouth.

Genie was determined to enjoy the day and not let tomorrow get her down, because tomorrow he'd be back at work and she'd be heading home.

The thought saddened her. Question was, what was she going to do about it? Was she going to ask him to come back to the mainland with her, or was she going to let him slip through her fingers?

CHAPTER 5

DONNIE WAITED IMPATIENTLY FOR GENIE in the lobby, where they'd agreed to meet for dinner at the hotel. He'd thought about dining in one of the restaurants, but if he did that, somebody was bound to let the cat out of the bed. And that couldn't happen before he had the chance to tell her himself. If he didn't, he got the feeling that Genie would never forgive him.

The elevator doors opened and Genie stepped out, looking absolutely breathtaking in a tight-fitting cream-colored dress with soft-pink flowers. He sized up the length of her, all the way down her long, long legs to her pink high heels.

He stepped toward her, knowing he was wearing a stupid grin-that he couldn't do anything about. "You look amazing!" He slipped his hand around hers and drew it to his lips to kiss it.

"Likewise." She nodded as a smiled tipped the corners of her mouth. He wanted to kiss her so badly. She eyed his light blue Hawaiian shirt with waves and surf boards scattered about. "I see we didn't accidentally dress to match. What do you think that means?"

"Well..." He shrugged. "If it's any consolation, I wanted to wear my light-colored shirt with pink flowers, but it's dirty."

She laughed and reached for his hand. Donnie's heart soared. "So where are we dining tonight?" She looked at him. "And let's just get this settled right now, I'll be picking up the tab for dinner tonight. You have treated me grandly over the last couple of days. I want to return the favor."

"Well actually, I have something a little more private in mind," he said, tugging her toward the elevators. "And it's already taken care of."

"Where are we going?" she asked with reservation, but still she willingly followed him.

"Listen, how would you like to have dinner on the lanai of one of the penthouses?"

"One of the penthouses?" She looked at him oddly.

"The night manager assures me that one of them is empty." That much was true. He didn't dare take her to his penthouse. If she saw his family photos before he told her the truth, it could be disastrous. "I can assure you that my intentions are completely dishonorable." He chuckled and pulled her to him once the elevator doors closed them inside.

"Are you sure we're not going to get into trouble? And by we, I mean you."

"It's fine." Donnie buried his face in her hair and whispered against her ear, "I want tonight to be incredibly memorable." And it was true, he did. He wanted her to experience the luxuries he could provide, before she found out it would be the norm for them. He wanted to be sure she wanted to be with him and that the rest was merely an enjoyable perk.

"Oh, I don't think you're gonna have to worry about that." She giggled and then kissed him, long and hard and deep.

The elevator doors parted at a penthouse that mirrored the one Donnie lived in on the floor above. Marla lived across the hall from this one, and Sammy (who worked the nightshift) assured Donnie that she wouldn't find out they were there. Donnie didn't know for sure what might happened this evening, but whatever it was, he didn't want his mother barging in.

The lights had been turned low. Soft music played in the background. It seemed more romantic that way. He guided her toward the lanai, where candlelight lit the table housing their dinner in covered dishes. A bottle of champagne was chilling on ice at one corner of the table.

Genie had mentioned that she loved a good steak, and Donnie had brought in the best the island had to offer, but all she did was pick at it.

After several minutes of silence, he asked, "Everything okay?"

"Yeah." She nodded and glanced up at him. "I'm gonna miss you," she added with a lonely smile.

Donnie pushed himself up from the table and went to her side, offering his hand. "Will you dance with me?"

Genie gazed up at Donnie. Her heart ached a little that he didn't return the sentiment, but she took his hand and let him pull her into his arms. It felt good there. Memories from the beach flashed through her mind. Images of his chiseled body urged her to glide her hands up his arms and around his broad shoulders. She held him tight, wanting to memorize every inch of him and the way it felt to be pressed against him.

"Are you sure you have to leave tomorrow?" he whispered against her ear.

"I wish I didn't."

"Then don't."

Genie looked up at Donnie. "Leaving here, leaving you, is the last thing I want to do, but I literally can't afford to stay." Shaking her head, she added, "I have a business back home that's not going to run itself."

"Move it here."

Genie stopped dancing. "My heart says, yes, yes, yes." She drew in a deep breath. "But my mind, which is dictated by logic, says, how is that supposed to work?" She shook her head. "I have no business contacts here. How in the world would I get my business off the ground and make it successful enough to afford to live here?"

"You can stay with me."

Genie went silent for a moment. How did she inquire tastefully about his living arrangements? She hoped he didn't live with his mother. "Where do you live exactly?"

"Here," he said cautiously. "At the hotel." The look on his face said there was more. She stayed quiet, waiting for him to tell her the rest.

She'd heard about large resorts in expensive, out of the way places having "staff quarters" akin to cruise ship quarters for their employees benefit. She could see herself building a life with Donnie, but not in an eight by eight room.

"Maybe we'd better sit down," he said, guiding her toward the sofa on the terrace.

Uh oh. She drew a deep breath and prepared to let her logic come pouring out. "You know, I'm not going to try to deny that there's something very real and powerful between us."

He nudged her closer to him on the couch. "I believe it's called love at first sight."

"I don't know what it's called." She shook her head. "I just know that my life's going to be pretty empty without you in it."

"It doesn't have to be that way. You and I can choose to spend the rest of our lives together."

"Okay." She nodded. "But where will we live? Here? Back on the mainland?" Frustration and a sense of hopeless desperation pounded through her. "But shouldn't we look as this logically? Where can we make the most comfortable home for ourselves?"

"Do you like this penthouse? Would you like to live here?"

He flashed her a tempting smile, and Genie tried hard to ignore it as she shook her head in denial.

"No?" he asked as if he didn't believe her.

"This has been a fantastic day and a wonderful evening. A lot like a fairy tale." She blew out her exasperation in a sigh. The fairy tale had to end, and soon, didn't it? "But the reality is that we're here under false pretenses. The night manager is your friend and he let you into this empty suite. "It's hard to build a life when you're hopping around in the vacant hotel rooms, and in secret."

"Okay!" His voice boomed as he straightened and stiffened. "There's something you need to know."

"All right," she said cautiously. She couldn't imagine what could be worse, but he had grown uptight and that always meant worse.

"The night manager is not my friend...exactly." His gaze withered away with his confidence. His voice was whiskey rough as he forced out the words, "He's actually my employee. I own this hotel."

Chaos churned the thoughts in Genie's head. Her heart pounded against her chest. He owned the hotel? All this time, she'd thought he was simply an employee. How he must have laughed at her when she showed concern that he might lose his job over the liberties he was taking with the resort. What a fool she'd been. He owned the hotel.

She stiffened and moved to slid away from him.

He tightened his embrace and pulled her back against him. "Don't do this?" he said in an almost-pleading tone. "I'm still the same guy you haven't been able to stop staring at since we met. I'm still the same guy who held you while we danced tonight. I'm still the same guy who's fallen in love with you."

EPILOGUE

Six Months Later

DONNIE HAD WANTED TO GIVE GENIE the perfect wedding day, and he was confident that he'd succeeded. He'd brought her parents, her sisters, and all her friends to celebrate with them.

It had been a grand day and the reception was filled with love, laughter and opulence at Sapphire Bay Resort's new party terrace. Donnie had it constructed on the south lawn, at Genie's suggestion, and he had to agree with her idea to cater to newlyweds and those celebrating milestones such as anniversaries, graduations, and other lifetime events.

It was fitting that he and Genie had danced the very first dance under the stars on the terrace's dance floor. And they were still dancing long after their guests had disappeared into their own plans for the evening.

"I'm glad you talked me into staying," she said.

"I'm glad you let me." Donnie chuckled.

"Well, you're very persuasive."

"I have something for you," he said.

"You really don't have to keep giving me all these presents."

"This one you've earned."

"I earned?" she said warily.

"She wouldn't be what she is today without you."

"She?" Her voice was edgy, but the smile tipping her lips said she was amused.

"Would you like to meet her?"

"Okay," she said, a bit reserved. "What's her name?"

"Funny thing, her name is Genie, too," he said in a cool tone. "We'll have to take a drive."

With a raised eyebrow, she said, "this better be good, Taylor!"

Fifteen minutes later, they arrived at the Sapphire Bay Marina. It took a lot of trust, Donnie decided, for Genie to let him lead her along the pier blindfolded. He stopped her, keeping his hands on her shoulders. "Okay. You can look."

She eased the blindfold up to see a familiar-looking ship with the name: Glamorous Genie.

"She's all yours," he said with a sweeping gesture. "With all the changes you specified when we went on that dinner cruise. Our first date."

"This is the ship?" she asked. He nodded. Her smile broadened in approval. "And you bought it? You own this thing now?"

Donnie shook his head. "You own it."

"Me?"

"It was your assessment of what was wrong with the ship-which was spot on, by the way-that made me realize you were not only beautiful but incredibly smart as well." He pulled her into his arms and gently stroked a strand of her chocolate hair from her face. "That's when I knew."

"Knew what?" she asked. Her gaze completely absorbed in his.

"That I'd be a complete idiot to let you walk out of my life."

Her face eased into a smile. She went up on her toes to kiss him, her lips soft and luscious, before she whispered against his mouth, "I think I'm the lucky one."

One thing was for sure, life with Genie Wainwright Taylor was not going to be boring. Donnie intended to see to it that Genie never regretted her decision to leave the mainland behind to build a life with him.

