CHAPTER ONE

HANG TEN WAS LOCATED ON THE COAST between Santa Monica and Malibu, about a mile from Lecie de Laurent's inherited California home.

From the front, the restaurant looked like an old warehouse that'd been constructed out of salvaged wood from ships that'd seen better days. The roof was tin, the windows single-paned. It didn't look like the kind of establishment you'd typically find in southern California. But the parking lot was always full.

There were two entryways; the one on the left opened up to a bar that showcased hot bands playing hip music. The second door led into an open deck restaurant, and beyond it, a beachside dining patio, overlooking the Pacific.

Lecie de Laurent and her friend Deidra Ferguson had discovered the place three weeks ago, shortly after arriving in southern California. While the food, music, and ambiance were all splendid, there was another benefit to constant visits to the establishment. Hang Ten's owner, Nick Matthews, was drop dead gorgeous-and on the verge of getting married. Literally.

But there was no harm in looking. And Nick was fun to look at. Chestnut brown hair sun-kissed with golden highlights, brown eyes the color of chocolate, a smile that dented his cheeks with dimples, and a trim, athletic body was enough to keep Lecie occupied for hours.

On this Friday evening in the bar, there seemed to be an unofficial party going on for Nick and his fiancee Ginny, who were getting married tomorrow.

They sat at the bar, surrounded by their friends. Drinks and high spirits were flowing. Nick looked happy, and Ginny, well, she was just...there, donning a faceless expression. Lecie couldn't tell if Ginny was happy or excited or just plain bored. Maybe she was just nervous.

"See how she looks?" a woman in the booth behind Lecie said to her companion. "She looks inconvenienced. That's not right for a woman who's marrying a guy like Nick Matthews-tomorrow. Hell, I'd be loving life right about now."

There was truth in what the woman was saying. Something about Ginny's demeanor was off for a bride on the eve of her wedding.

"I thought she'd be happier," Lecie said to Deidra sitting across the booth from her.

"Who?" Deidra's brow furrowed.

"Ginny."

Deidra glanced over her shoulder and lingered that way for a while before turning back to Lecie. "You going to stop coming here now, after tomorrow?"

"What's tomorrow have to do with anything?"

"Well, he will be married." Deidra shrugged and grabbed her drink. "It just doesn't seem right, drooling over a married man."

"My brother's a married man," Lecie said with a tight jaw. Deidra's lingering crush on Lecie's brother Andre was no secret to anyone. And even though Andre had been happily married long enough to have a two-year-old son, that hadn't stopped Deidra from pining away for him.

"Point taken." Deidra laughed a little and sucked her drink up through her straw.

In the past year, Deidra had lost a little weight, gotten a new hairstyle with some colorful blonde streaks over auburn highlights, and traded in those awful wire-framed glasses she used to wear for contacts. The new look had given Deidra a confidence that she'd always lacked.

Lecie and Deidra had left Deidra's grandmother's house in Florida about a month ago with their sights set on California. Lecie hadn't told Papa she was leaving Florida to go to California. His daughter alone in America, without a chaperone? As Camille and Tasha would say, Papa would hit the roof.

Lecie's American sisters-in-law had taught her plenty of American slang, and she was glad of it. While her accent would identify her as foreign, she didn't want to stand out as a complete oaf.

So far, Lecie and Deidra were enjoying their independence, and neither would be ready to leave California anytime soon.

The display lit up on Lecie's phone lying on the table. She glanced at it. Papa. By now, surely he knew that she and Deidra were no longer at Deidra's grandmother's house in Florida. He'd know where she'd gone and he wouldn't be happy. Lecie hit the ignore button and pushed the phone aside. She would have to answer to Papa sooner or later, but not tonight.

"Your father again?" Deidra asked. Lecie nodded. "If you keep ignoring him, we're going to wake up one morning, very soon, with one, or both, of your brothers knocking on the door."

Nick Matthews gazed into his fiancee's gray eyes. She gave him a smile that he knew was forced. Maybe it was the crowd. Maybe she was tired. Maybe she was just on edge about tomorrow. Ginny had a habit of worrying about anything and everything that could go wrong.

He stroked her silky dark hair back out of her face and rested his hand on her shoulder. "You want to go?" he asked. She nodded. "Everything okay?" he added, just to make sure.

She nodded again, and pushed her soft drink away. Ginny wasn't much of a drinker, and she had little tolerance for those who did. "I should get some rest. Don't want dark circles under my eyes tomorrow." She gave him a slight smile, but he knew it wasn't genuine because it never made its way to her eyes. They remained empty, bored. Or maybe she was just tired. Or simply didn't like being around all the people drinking.

"So I guess you're set on this spending-tonight-apart thing?" Nick chuckled when he said it, even though he wasn't feeling a whole lot of amusement.

Ginny nodded. "Yes. Yes, I am."

"Come on, Gin." Nick turned on the charm, which seemed to work on every woman but Ginny these days. Still he tried. "I've been staying at the hotel across the street, to please you, all week. I want to come home. To my wife."

Nick didn't get why he couldn't come to the house this past week. Her excuse-she didn't want to jinx the wedding-was plausible enough, but since when had they adhered to tradition? They'd been living together for two years. It wasn't like the wedding night was going to be something new for either of them.

"I won't be your wife until tomorrow," she said in a firm, no-nonsense voice. When she got like that, she was unshakable.

"Okay." Nick's heart thudded dully in his chest. If they weren't getting married tomorrow, Nick might start to feel like Ginny was avoiding him. "Let me talk to Dean," he said. "Then I'll drive you home."

Ginny shook her head. "I'll take my car." Her glance darted away from him. Before he could utter a single word of the counter-argument coming together in his head, she said, "Otherwise, I'll have no way to get to the church tomorrow. You can't see me before I walk down that aisle." The seriousness in her tone squelched Nick's desire to laugh. It wouldn't pay to piss off his fiancee the night before the wedding.

"Can I at least walk you outside?" he asked, half-offended at her determination to remain apart from him.

"I'd like that," she cooed.

Nick stood, reached for her hand and looked at the bartender. "Pete, if you see Dean, let him know I'll be right back."

"Will do." Pete didn't miss a beat as he continued mixing drinks.

Holding onto Ginny's hand, Nick led her through the bar toward the exit. "I wonder where Dean went?"

"Knowing Dean, you might find him in the parking lot with some girl." She giggled, an odd response from Ginny when the subject of Dean Triplett came up. Dean was Nick's best friend and the director of the Kevin Matthews Community Center, a local hangout for kids, for which Hang Ten was a key benefactor. Ginny could stomach Dean as Nick's best friend, but Nick's affiliation with the community center, not so much.

About six months ago, Ginny had suggested that Hang Ten break its affiliation with the community center, that there were better things they could be doing with five thousand dollars a month. But Nick had been adamant about his support of the community center that bore his brother's name. Without Hang Ten, the center would likely close within a few months. Nick couldn't let that happen.

Outside, Nick leaned in to kiss Ginny, but she turned her head, presenting her cheek. Confusion muddled his head, but he kissed the spot she offered. Ginny had been doing some odd things lately, like kicking him out of the house because she wanted them to have a traditional wedding night. This shouldn't surprise him. But the thing was, there was nothing traditional about cutting out the sex a week before the wedding.

"You sure everything's okay?" He studied her face, as if it'd provide some kind of clue. It didn't.

"Perfect."

"I'll see you tomorrow then?" Suddenly, he wanted to hear her confirm it.

"Be on time," she said, and got in her car.

Nick lingered outside long enough to watch her leave, then he went back inside to find Dean. He'd been awfully quiet the past couple of days. Nick wanted to know why.

A quick check back in the bar, but no sign of Dean. Nick did notice and nodded at the cute little blonde and her measurably less attractive friend as his gaze rolled past their table. They'd been coming in a lot during the last couple of weeks, and he'd figured them for new to town or on vacation. The blonde was definitely Nick's type, even more so than his fiancee, which still boggled his mind. Girls with dark hair rarely caught his eye. But Ginny had, and now he was one-hundred percent committed to her. That didn't mean he couldn't appreciate an attractive woman though, and this one was.

Next stop in his search for his missing best friend, Nick sought out Keri, one of Hang Ten's hostesses. He found her in the outdoor patio dining area, and asked, "You seen Dean around?"

"I think I saw him go into your office." She pointed back toward the interior of the building, then took off.

His office. That's the one place Nick hadn't looked, although he should have. Dean was prone to using his office to make phone calls. And that was okay with Nick. The restaurant and bar were usually too noisy.

Nick found Dean inside his office, sitting behind the desk with his cell phone pressed to his ear. Nick dropped to the couch against the wall to the left of the door and waited for Dean to finish his call.

Dean looked at Nick, nodded, then said into his cell phone. "Yeah, okay. I'll see you tomorrow." He waited a few seconds, listening, before disconnecting the call. Dean looked at Nick, saying in a half-hearted tone, "This economy is killing us." He deposited his cell phone into his jacket pocket and shook his head. "Man, if not for you and Hang Ten, I don't know what the community center would do."

"I'm just glad I can help. The kids need somewhere safe, recreational, and creative to hang out after school and on weekends." Nick leaned forward, clasping his hands between his legs. "As long as Hang Ten is profitable, we will help."

"I really do appreciate that." Dean lowered his head.

"What is it?"

Dean lifted his gaze but kept his head low. "Well you know, I don't like to play that card. Especially with you."

"Dean..." Nick shook his head. "You know I'll help the center any way I can. I've already given you eleven grand this month." Six thousand more than Hang Ten's monthly donation to keep the center up and running.

"Well that's just it." Dean had a subtle, uneasy inflection in his voice. "Ginny never gave me the second check for the six thou for the new computers."

What? Nick had specifically asked her to do that a week ago. And she'd bitched about it for two days.

Nick went to his desk and pulled a checkbook from the middle drawer. "I'm sure it's just a misunderstanding." He reached for a pen and began scribbling out the details on the check. "She's been busy. Maybe she couriered it over and it got lost in the shuffle or something. Anyway..." He handed Dean the check. "Here you go, bud. I'll ask her about it tomorrow."

CHAPTER TWO

BACK AT LECIE'S PLACE, a Spanish-styled Hacienda overlooking the Pacific, the time was nearing midnight. Lecie and Deidra had headed home after Nick disappeared and Lecie succumbed to the doldrums over his impending marriage tomorrow.

She didn't know why it was affecting her so profoundly. It wasn't like she and Nick had ever been close. Hell, they weren't even friends. She barely knew him. But since when had that ever mattered when it came to attraction?

She dropped down onto the plush tan couch, her purse resting at her side, and propped her feet up on the maple coffee table. Staring at the massive stone fireplace in front of her, she wished it was cool enough to light a fire. At least that'd give her something to concentrate on. As it was, her mind was idle enough to dwell on Nick Matthews and his impending, scratch that, inevitable marriage to his supermodel-gorgeous fiancee, Ginny something-or-other. Tomorrow.

Deidra switched on the overhead light. An array of tiny light bulbs in the chandelier above Lecie illumined the room with entirely too much light.

Lecie groaned and shielded her eyes. The lights went out. Deidra shuffled to the other side of the room and switched on the small table lamps sitting on the table against the wall behind Lecie. A soft glow illuminated the room. Much better.

Lecie rested her head against the back of the couch and closed her eyes. The room began to spin. Bad idea. Opening her eyes, she lifted her head. "God, what a depressing night!"

She could hear Deidra fiddling around at the bar behind her. Ice clicking against glasses, then liquid pouring. Good, that's exactly what she needed. Another drink. Lecie fully intended to drown her sorrows.

"Well," Deidra said. "I hope you'll move on since Nick is practically a married man now." She moved around the couch and stood over Lecie, offering her one of the two glasses she carried. "Here. Drink this."

After Lecie took one of the glasses, Deidra sat down beside her. Lecie sniffed the drink. Damn. Water. She leaned toward the coffee table.

Before Lecie could set the glass on the table, Deidra stopped her. "You need to drink the water."

Lecie cut what she hoped was a biting glare, then took a sip.

"Do you want to go home?" Deidra asked.

"God, no." Lecie practically cringed. "I'm not ready to go home. I'm having too much fun."

"Fun, huh?"

Lecie could feel Deidra's eyes boring into her. She just didn't get it. Worshiping Nick Matthews from afar was much more fun than being under Papa's controlling thumb, any day.

Her phone jingled a playful tune inside her purse. She fished it out and looked at the display.

Papa. Again.

She laid the phone on the couch, display up.

"Still ignoring your father?" Deidra asked.

Lecie shrugged. "He only wants me to come home so he can run my life again." She sighed heavily. "I'm not ready to go home. I need more time...here in California where I can be free to discover who I am." Her voice trailed off as she added, "Or who I can be..."

"If you keep ignoring him," Deidra said in that all-knowing tone she was so famous for. "Pretty soon one, or both, your brothers will show up at the door."

With only the table lamp on the desk casting a soft light over Nick's office, he paced the length of the open space with one hand on his hip and his cell in the other. The call at the other end rang out through his speakers, and rang and rang and rang. Eventually, it went to voice mail, just like it had the other umpteen times he'd called.

Nick wasn't in the habit of calling Ginny incessantly like this, but considering how she'd been acting lately, he just wanted to know that she'd made it home safely.

At the sound of the tone to leave a message he disconnected the call. He'd already left her a message-more than once.

Various scenarios, none of them good, bounced through his head. Ginny on the side of the road with a flat tire. A breakdown. An accident. Nick shook the images out of his head. If any of those things had happened, she would've called by now-if she could.

Nick hit the speed dial again. The door opened and Dean came in. Nick's call to Ginny went straight to voice mail. He disconnected the call and looked at Dean. "She's not answering her phone."

"You're paranoid." Dean rolled his eyes. He stepped back and closed the door.

"Maybe." Nick shrugged. "But there's gotta be a reason why she's not answering her phone."

"I'm sure there is." Dean chuckled. "She doesn't want to talk to you."

"She wouldn't blow me off." Nick shook his head. "Something's wrong."

"She's a girl. It's the night before her wedding. She's doing that ritual thing they do, casting some sort or spell or something." Dean's laughter reached out and wrapped its mocking arm around Nick, making him feel a little bit ridiculous. "Lighten up, man."

Nick threw his hands up. "Fine." He leaned against the desk and crossed his arms at his chest. Dean wasn't going to let up, but Nick had news for him, neither was he. No way could he go to sleep tonight without knowing if Ginny was home, safe and sound.

Nick's phone jingled. He glanced at the display. A text from Ginny. Nick tapped the screen. Home safely. Going to sleep now. See you tomorrow. Don't be late!

He lifted his gaze to Dean's somber stare. "It was Ginny. She's home." He felt a little stupid, but wanted very much to drive by the house just to make sure everything was okay.

After a second or two, Dean started shaking his head. "Uh uh." He pointed at Nick. "I know that look. As soon as I leave, you'll be right behind me."

Nick groaned and huffed. "I just don't understand why I had to move out of the house this week. Ginny and I have been living together for over two years."

"I told you..." Dean laughed. "It's that ritual, spell-casting thing that girls do right before they get married." His eyes widened as he shrugged and shuffled backward, toward the door. "Just deal with it. Tomorrow you'll be back in like Flynn."

"I don't know." Pressing his lips together, Nick looked away, down to the floor.

"Dude, she is absolutely gonna kill you if you go over there tonight." Dean's face flared with augmented agitation. "I've got to save you from yourself. We'll drop by your motel room and grab your tux."

"For what?"

"You're coming with me to my house tonight. So I can make sure you don't do something stupid."

Holding a tray with a pitcher of orange juice, two glasses, a plate of donuts and two saucers, Lecie passed through the double doors leading out to the terrace. Orange juice sloshed in the pitcher, and each step she took was more cautious than the last.

Carefully, she set the tray on the glass table and gave herself an imaginary pat on the back for not spilling it, before claiming a seat on the middle of the couch.

Carrying trays decked with drinks and other liquids was not as easy as it looked. Lecie had a newfound respect for those who did it for a living.

The morning sun cast its golden hue across the clear, blue sky. Lecie stretched past the tray, reaching for her sunglasses on the far side of the table. Securing them in the crook of her finger, she dragged them toward her. Shielding her eyes behind the shades, she relaxed enough to enjoy the cool morning breeze blowing in from the ocean, bringing with it the scent of the honeysuckle lining the edge of the property.

Lecie poured herself some orange juice and sat back, sipping it as she took in the view. "Gosh," she said out loud, even though she was the only one there. Deidra, as far as she knew, was still sleeping, but Lecie had brought a glass out for her just in case she happened to wake uncharacteristically early today. Lecie gazed out at the ocean beyond the far side of her property. Calm and still, it melded together with the early morning blue sky. "What a beautiful day." Too bad it was overshadowed by Nick's wedding.

Oh, well. Lecie blew out a soft sigh and reached for a donut with her free hand. He was married now. Practically. She needed to find a way to move on. "Maybe I'll just stop hanging out at Hang Ten," she kidded herself. While steering clear of Nick's restaurant was doable, although doubtful, Lecie had no plans to leave California any time soon.

Her cell phone vibrated on the breakfast tray. She leaned forward to glance at the display. Mama. Well, perhaps she should take her call. It was one thing to ignore Papa, but quite another with Mama. Lecie set her OJ on the table and picked up the phone, clicking on the call. "Hello, Mama."

"Good morning! It's not too early there, is it?" Mama's voice poured out from the speakers.

"No, Mama. I'm awake...and up, enjoying a wonderful view of the Pacific Ocean."

"I guess I don't need to ask if you're having fun." There was no questioning in Mama's voice, just assumption.

Instantly, Lecie had a desire to cry to her mother about Nick's wedding today. But that was a bad idea. Right now, Mama was the only thing standing between Papa and Lecie. Mama had taken a hands off approach to Lecie's American adventure, even after she and Deidra had left Mavis Ferguson's house in Florida without a word to anyone back in France.

But this, crying over some guy who was getting married today? That was the kind of thing that'd push Mama over the edge, and onto Papa's side. Lecie wasn't strong enough to challenge both of them.

We're having a wonderful time, Mama," Lecie said with conviction. "And before you ask, yes, Deidra and I are being very careful about who we trust."

Strangers. That had been Mama's main complaint. She was worried about something happening to Lecie and Deidra. But she, unlike Papa, realized that she could not cage Lecie up forever. She was, after all, twenty-three years old. Sooner or later, they had to let her live her own life, make her own mistakes. And that time was now-thanks to Lecie's brothers' uncle who had included her in his will.

Sometimes, Lecie forgot that Julian and Andre were only her half-brothers, and that Mama was not their mother. That Papa had had another wife before Mama. It didn't feel that way. Occasionally, Lecie even thought that Julian might be Mama's favorite. Most of the time though, Mama treated them all equally-which made Lecie's inheritance from Edouard Renault seem a bit surreal.

"That's good, darling." Mama's gentle but sober voice brought Lecie back to the conversation. "I want you to have fun and see the world, but I also want you to be safe."

"I promise, Mama...we're not letting our guards down."

"I would feel better if we could send one of the valets over to help you out."

"I wouldn't feel right about taking Soren or Simon away from Julian and Andre." But she did understand her mother's point, and even agreed with it to an extent. At least about the part of having someone else take care of the house. "I'll look for someone over here."

"But it would still be a stranger, dear." Mama's tone filled with worry. "Soren's brother Gerard is available. What if we sent him over?" It wasn't really a question so much as a fact, and Lecie knew that.

"I don't know, Mama..." her voice trailed off as she lost her confidence, right along with the ability to stand up to Mama.

Lecie had to admit though, if she was going to hire a butler it would be nice to have someone already acquainted with the family. Still, she couldn't help but feel that this was a trap being set by Papa.

"It would make me feel better," Mama said in that tone that always indicated the matter was settled. "And it might appease your father. You should know, he does not like the fact that you are in America. He wants you to come home, one way or another."

"So he wants me to come home." Lecie laughed it off. "What's he going to do? He can't force me. I'm over twenty-one." Twenty-three, to be exact. Papa couldn't do anything legally, and now, thanks to Uncle Edouard, Papa had lost his final remaining hold on her-finances.

"Sweetheart..." Even with the one word, Mama's voice had become overrun with caution. "Never underestimate your father." Mama paused, and Lecie pictured her shaking her head.

"Seriously, Mama. What's he going to do?"

"Don't forget that you're in America on a visa. A temporary visa." Claudette stopped talking. The silence gave Lecie's head a chance to fill up with new and scary scenarios of Papa having her deported. Just when she was about to completely freak out, Mama said, "He will stop at nothing to get what he wants. You should be prepared for that."

"Then you stop him, Mama." A newfound desperation had fueled Lecie's words. She wasn't ready to go home. Not yet.

"Darling..." Mama chuckled. "You have a lot to learn about men." Her voice had softened, but her words were as determined as ever. Mama also had a way of getting what she wanted. "Shall I send Gerard over?"

Lecie hesitated, unable to fully contain her despair before it escaped with a slight moan.

Mama added, "Of course, de Laurent Enterprises will pay his salary."

"No, no, no..." Lecie objected. "I'll pay his salary. I want him loyal to me...not Papa."

CHAPTER THREE

STANDING IN FRONT OF THE MIRRORED DRESSER, Nick fiddled with the bow tie. How he'd managed to stay at Dean's all night was a mystery. Truth be told, there were a couple of times when he'd seriously contemplated slipping out the back and driving by the house, just to be on the safe side. Assure himself that everything was okay.

Course, Nick was being paranoid. He knew that. And comparing Ginny to his brother Kevin was stupid. Ginny was as straight-laced as they come. She didn't do drugs. Hell, she barely drank alcohol. Just getting her to agree to sip some champagne at the reception had been a chore.

Even so, the feeling was there in his gut that something was wrong. That same feeling that had consumed him in the days before Kevin's death. It hadn't been a secret that Kevin Matthews, at the age of seventeen, had had a drug problem. Heroin. It's what killed him.

Nick had replayed that scenario over in his head millions of times in the seventeen years since. If he'd only listened to his gut, could he have saved Kevin? But Nick was only fifteen when his brother died. Far too young to be mature enough to make a difference.

But things were different now. Now he had Hang Ten, which afforded him the opportunity to help the community he worked and lived in. That's where the Kevin Matthews Community Center came in. Nick, through Hang Ten, was the benefactor for around seventy percent of their operating expenses. Dean was the center's director, so Nick knew his money was being put to good use.

Even though Ginny wasn't, and never had been, thrilled about Nick's involvement with the center, this was one area where he refused to budge. If Kevin had had some place like the center to spend his free time, rather than the streets and getting mixed up with a bad crowd, maybe, just maybe, he wouldn't have succumbed to the dope.

Nick's mission in life was to give the kids a safe haven, so that his brother's death was not in vain.

And that same gut feeling he'd had about Kevin was now eating him up about Ginny. Nick shook his head and yanked the tie away from his neck.

The door opened and Dean poked his head in. "Didn't you hear me knocking?" he asked.

Nick huffed. "Sorry." Holding the tie dangling in the air, he tried, without much success, to laugh.

Dean shuffled into the room and took the tie from Nick. "Here. Let me give you a hand." Without waiting for an invitation from Nick, he went to work on the tie. "Don't tell me you're still worked up?"

"I just...it's my gut." Nick tugged at his collar, as if the tie was too tight. "It's telling me something's wrong."

Dean slapped Nick's hand away. "You're getting married today. Nothing's wrong." Dean finished up with Nick's tie and turned him toward the mirror. "I think maybe, deep down inside, you feel guilty about being happy. Life goes on. Kevin would want you to enjoy it."

Nick ignored Dean's two cents and inspected his handy work with the tie instead. "Not bad," he said, tugging at the bow.

"Let's go. You don't want to be late. Right?"

"Let's take a little detour on the way to the church."

Dean studied Nick through squinted eyes. "Where do you have in mind?"

"Let's just drive by the house and make sure everything's okay."

A few seconds of Dean's obtrusive glare was all it took for Nick to rethink it. But, just in case that wasn't enough, Dean said, "She's probably already left for the church. And if you're late, she's going to kill you."

Nick pulled his cell off the dresser and set about texting Ginny. Granted, it was a good idea-okay, better than a drive by-because once she responded, he'd know she was okay, and she wouldn't be mad about him coming by in person. This traditional wedding idea had gotten a hold of Ginny about six months ago and turned her into a bridezilla. And now, on his wedding day, Nick didn't want to piss her off. If he did, he'd probably be the first groom in history to be cut off on his wedding night.

Seconds later, a text dinged in. It was Ginny replying: See you at the church!

Nick looked at Dean and smiled, waving the phone in the air. "She'll see me at the church." The text allowed him to breathe a little easier.

Nick grabbed his jacket and followed Dean out of the room, determined to forget about that knot twisting tighter in his gut.

CHAPTER FOUR

Marseilles, France

THE MERCEDES LIMO CRUISED ALONG the motorway while its passengers, Claudette and Maurice, rode in silence. Claudette peered at her reflection in the compact mirror. Not a single strand of her blonde hair was out of place. Granted, she'd taken to having the gray hair dyed out years ago. Her blue eyes still sparkled, and the wrinkles hadn't overtaken her face too terribly badly-thanks to all those expensive beauty treatments. She'd be fifty in a few years, but all in all, she still looked pretty good.

Claudette cut her eyes toward her husband. Fifty had come and gone for Maurice de Laurent, but he carried his age well. Of course, he'd put on a little weight over the years, but who hadn't? His jet-black hair had long since grayed. And sometimes, his brown eyes looked tired, really tired. But he was still the handsomest man of her acquaintance.

"What exactly did she say?" His question broke the silence.

"As I've told you before..." Claudette closed the compact and slipped it inside her purse. "Lecie is not ready to come home. She's experiencing life on her own for the first time and she's enjoying it."

"I don't like it." Maurice huffed and shook his head.

"Of course, you don't like it." Claudette laughed. "You are not in charge."

"But I should be." He growled. "I am the head of this family."

"Just where did you get the idea that head means boss?"

He ignored her inquiry, saying, "My children have no respect for my wishes."

"Your children love you, but they're adults." Claudette pressed her lips together and looked at Maurice through narrowed eyes. "You need to respect the fact that they're responsible for making their own decisions."

Maurice's head began shaking. "No. We must not allow this to happen."

Claudette laughed. "And just how are you going to stop it?" She waited for the idea to take root inside his head. "You can't cut her off. Thanks to you, she has her own money now, and plenty of it." Claudette rarely missed an opportunity to remind her husband that while meddling in his youngest son Andre's life, he'd inadvertently set up their only daughter with financial independence, separate and apart from the family.

"I can have her deported." His eyes brightened.

"You can't have her deported."

"I could arrange it."

"You're not going to arrange her deportation," Claudette said, adopting a challenging tone. "I have everything under control. I'm sending Soren's brother Gerard over to look out for her."

"Oh, that's a very good idea," Maurice said with a crisp nod. "He can send us reports on her activities."

"No..." Claudette's tone was soft, yet determined. "We are not spying on our daughter. We are simply looking out for her welfare." Claudette sucked in a breath, hoping it would calm the fluttery feeling in her chest. It didn't. "I just don't want her to get hurt. Or taken advantage of."

"I want her back here. Back home, where she belongs."

"Darling..." Claudette's tone softened. When her husband got like this, there was no stopping him. This called for a newer, gentler approach. "She'll come home when she's ready. Until then, all we can do is send Gerard over to make sure she's safe."

"Gerard will report back to us." Maurice said sternly. "If I hear one thing-" His glare hardened as he raised his forefinger. "Just one. That I don't like. She will return home." Maurice gave Claudette a dismissive nod. "One way or another."

Okay. Claudette had tried reasoning with her husband. Deep down, she'd known it wouldn't do any good but she had to try so that, in the end, she didn't end up blaming herself for her husband's meddling ways.

She would talk to Julian to see if he had any ideas for discouraging his father. If Maurice pushed Lecie too far, Claudette knew she would end up retaliating in true de Laurent fashion.

After all, she was her father's daughter.

Maurice de Laurent didn't like being wrong. In fact, he loathed it. He didn't like it that he'd lost control of his daughter either. As long as she remained in America, his control would diminish daily. And though he wasn't willing to admit it, not openly anyway, he had precious little left.

The door to his study sprang open. His three-year-old granddaughter Juliana skipped across the room. Shoulder-length blonde curls bounced in perfect rhythm with her frolicking.

"Poppy!" she squealed, arms outstretched.

Maurice's heart lit up like a Christmas tree. "Juliana. How are you, my darling?" He scooped her into his arms.

"Fine, Poppy." She kissed his cheek. "How are you?" she asked with hints of an American accent, which Maurice found completely charming.

"Lovely." He tapped the tip of her nose and gave her a smile. "Tell me...what is your grandma-ma doing?" He didn't doubt that Claudette had sent Juliana in to sway him from the temptation of sneaking a drink while he thought everybody was too busy to notice.

"She's picking flowers."

Of course she was. Claudette loved the roses. And if that preoccupied her while Maurice devised a plan to get Lecie home, so much the better.

Juliana paused, a thoughtful look overcoming her face. "Poppy?" Her blue eyes lifted up to look at him.

"Yes..." He gave her a smile.

"When is Aunt Lecie coming home?"

Maurice's heart sank into his gut. "Soon, my dear. Soon." If Poppy has anything to say about it. Maurice sat Juliana on the desk. "That reminds me..." He opened the top right drawer. "Poppy has something for you."

Juliana clapped.

He brought out a blue velvet jewelry box and opened it. "I thought you'd like something pretty to wear when Aunt Lecie does come home."

Juliana's eyes sparkled, almost as much as the diamonds set in the heart pendant hanging on the dainty golden chain.

"Pretty..." Juliana whispered amidst a sigh.

Maurice fixed the necklace around her neck and then helped her down. He stood and clasped her tiny hand in his. "Let's go find your grandma-ma." He wanted to know when Gerard was to arrive in California.

The sooner the better.

CHAPTER FIVE

LECIE AND DEIDRA HAD DRAGGED a couple of lawn chairs out to the hillside patio beyond the back lawn. It sat perched on a cliff, just a few steps down on a wooden walkway that twisted and turned and eventually made its way down to the Pacific.

They'd pushed the patio furniture aside, as the lawn chairs were better suited to sunbathing-the girls' current activity.

Deidra turned over onto her stomach and folded her hands under her chin. "So what happened when your mom called? Should we expect a visit from one, or both, of the brothers de Laurent?" She capped off her inquiry with a hint of laughter.

"Bite your tongue." Lecie went up on her elbows. "We're getting a valet."

"A valet?"

"Yep."

"Valets help you dress. A guy's not helping me dress."

Lecie shrugged. "Well, actually, he's going to be more like a butler."

"A spy is more like it."

"No, I'm taking care of that. He's going to be employed by me, not Papa."

"Uh huh..." Deidra's tone held as much certainty as Lecie's.

"No, I'm serious."

Deidra blew out an exhaustive sigh. "I can't believe you fell for that."

"Mama says that Papa wants to have me deported." Lecie let the fear clawing at her gut escape in her words.

"Can he do that?"

"That's what I keep wondering."

"Well, if we've learned anything from your father's dealings with your brothers-"

Lecie cut her off, "Then the only conclusion we can draw is that Papa is capable of doing anything to get what he wants."

"If you get deported..." Deidra's words trailed off.

If she got deported. Just thinking the words made Lecie shudder. Even though Nick Matthews was getting married in a matter of hours, she wasn't ready to go home.

In the passenger seat of Dean's vintage Mustang, Nick fiddled with the strap of his seatbelt. If only he could've spoken to Ginny this morning, but she wasn't answering her phone. If not for her text message this morning, urging him not to be late, he'd be a ball of nerves right now.

Oh, who was he kidding? He was a ball of nerves.

Nick looked out the car window. House after house and their well-manicured lawns streamed by. The redundancy lulled him into an almost hypnotic state. He was glad he wasn't driving. A knot had cemented in his gut and was getting heavier by the minute.

When they arrived at the church, people were already milling around out front. Dean drove around to the back entrance and Nick glanced at his watch. 2:30. The ceremony was in an hour. Surely Ginny was at the church by now. He glanced around the back lot, where two limos waited in the wings. He felt confident that one of them had brought Ginny to the church.

Dean parked his car by the back door. As soon as he shifted into park, Nick unlatched his seatbelt and opened the car door. Dean cut the engine and was right behind Nick as he opened the door leading into the church.

"Now remember..." Dean coached him. "Don't go looking for Ginny. She'll have a cow if you see her before the wedding."

"I know, I know," Nick said, and headed into the small room where he'd been assigned to wait for his cue.

Nick entered first, Dean followed and closed the door behind him. "Man, you gotta lighten up." Dean snorted out one of those condescending laughs of his. "You couldn't get lucky enough for Ginny to leave you standing at the altar."

Dean didn't particularly like Ginny. That was no secret. Nick had hoped he'd ease up on her by now. No such luck.

Nick shot Dean a hard glare. "I'm the lucky one."

Dean's sharp laughter bellowed out. Once he'd contained it, he said, "Hardly." He shook his head. "She knows a good thing when she sees it." The look on his face said he was wondering if he'd said too much, overstepped his bounds. But as usual with Dean, the end result was always...what the hell. He gave a dismissive shrug, adding, "She's gonna show. She's gonna show all right."

Well, once they were back from the honeymoon and everything had settled down, Dean would come around. Nick was sure of it. He looked Dean in the eye, and asked, "Would you go see if she's here?"

Dean sucked in a breath, held it a minute and then blew it out in an exhaustive sigh. "Okay. Fine. I'll go confirm that she's here."

Dean slipped out into the hallway. First, he had to find out where they'd stashed the bride. He shuddered. He'd tried to get behind this marriage. He knew his friend was in love. He just wasn't so sure the feeling was reciprocated. Oh, sure, Ginny put on a good act, but Dean got the feeling that she was more interested in the money Hang Ten made than the proprietor.

Nick wasn't exactly rich-not by L.A. standards, but he did all right. The restaurant made him a good living, and allowed him to keep the center going-which was Nick's top priority. Too bad it wasn't Ginny's. That woman intended to break the connection between the restaurant and the community center. And the fact that she'd forgotten to give him the check for the computers was all the evidence Dean needed. To his dismay, the girl would meet Nick at the altar today, with bells on, which meant it was the beginning of the end for the community center.

Canvassing the maze that was the back corridors of the church, Dean finally found someone to point him in the right direction. He knew he'd found the place when he rounded a corner to see a whole slew of women loitering outside a set of double doors. Ginny's bridesmaids? What were they doing hanging out in the hallway?

He took survey of the girls, all wearing the same black dress. Who does a wedding in black? Wasn't that like the kiss of death?

"Ladies, why are we hanging out in the hallway?" he asked no one in particular, but taking notice that the only women missing were Ginny and Eve, her maid of honor. Maybe they were inside, having some kind of pow wow or something.

The bridesmaid closest to him said, "The door's locked." Her blonde hair had been perfectly coiffed. Part of it was up, and the rest lay in long curls around her shoulders. Normally, Dean was a brunette man, but this girl was pretty. Maybe he could steal her away during the reception at Hang Ten. It wouldn't be the first time he'd had a girl in Nick's office. Plus, it'd probably piss off Ginny. That made it even more appealing.

"Ginny and Eve must be having a serious conversation about something?" Dean hoped Eve was talking her out of going through with the wedding. But he doubted Nick would be that lucky.

"There's nobody in there." The girl's frantic voice draped a veil of goose bumps over Dean.

"Seriously?" Dean was about to turn all giddy, until he realized that his best friend getting stood up at the altar wasn't exactly an act of kindness-at least not on the surface. But her not being here, it didn't make any sense. Ginny had found herself a decent ride with Nick, and Dean didn't see her letting go so easily.

Unless she'd found a bigger fish.

CHAPTER SIX

NICK GLANCED AT HIS WATCH. Dean had been gone a long time. He was only supposed to find out whether or not Ginny had arrived. How big could the church be?

Just when he'd almost decided to take matters into his own hands, and find out for himself that Ginny had arrived, the door swung open. Dean slipped into the room. The look on his face was anything but comforting.

"What?" Nick asked. His heart thudded triple-time inside his chest. This was bad, he knew it. Had there been an accident? Oh, God. "She's just running late, right?"

"I don't know, man." Dean shrugged. "She's not here. She's not answering her cell, or the phone at the house." He gave Nick one of those looks you give a friend when there's nothing good to tell.

All kinds of things-heavy traffic, a minor accident, the car broke down, a bad accident, Ginny had run out on him-fought chaotically to be the dominant thought inside Nick's head. He shook out the last one. No way would Ginny run out on him.

He kept coming back to the bad accident. Oh, God. "She's okay, right?" Nick's voice wavered.

Dean's head started shaking before he said, "I don't know, man. I can't get in touch with her."

"What about the limo service that picked her up to bring her here?"

"I'm waiting for them to call me back."

After a moment of silence and uncertainty, Nick said, "I should go to the house."

"Let's just wait and see what the limo people say. Maybe they were late picking her up. You don't want to head over there if she's on her way here." The words came out of Dean's mouth, but he didn't look like he believed them. He looked like the kind of guy who was about to claim the right to say, I told you so.

"I just can't sit here and do nothing." Nick paced the center of the room, stopped and looked at Dean. "Something's wrong. I can feel it. If she were able to call, she would." Wouldn't she?

Dean's cell phone rang. He took it from his pocket and glanced at the display. "That's gotta be them now," he said to Nick. He tapped on the screen, accepting the call, and raised the phone to his ear. He listened intently, for what seemed like forever.

Nick perched his hands on his hips. At this point, the only thing he'd gotten out of the conversation was a few groans and a headshake or two on Dean's part. Nick wanted to know what the limo company had to say. And he wanted to know now.

"Are you sure?" Dean said into the phone, then looked at Nick and shrugged.

"What?" Nick mouthed the word. Dean shook his head and closed his eyes. His head dropped and then laid his forehead against his palm.

With the phone still at his ear, Dean cleared his throat and said, "Thank you." He brought both hands down to his sides, opened his eyes and looked up at Nick. "She canceled the limo this morning."

Canceled? "What?" Nick stood there dumbfounded for a minute. He'd heard the words but he couldn't quite reconcile them in his head. If Ginny canceled the limo, that could mean only one thing.

Nick had to find her. Make her explain why she'd canceled the limo-and not only that, why was he starting to get the feeling that he'd been stood up at the altar?

Nick's heart sank to the floor.

This couldn't be real. Could it? Surely not. It had to be a joke. That's what it was. A joke. And Dean was in on it.

Nick tried to move, to put one foot in front of the other, but it was like his fallen heart had wrapped itself around his feet, cementing him in place. He looked at Dean. "Maybe she changed limo companies." he said, grabbing at the last fleeting straw his mind could come up with.

"Maybe she did." Dean shrugged. "Still doesn't explain why she's not here." He looked at his watch. "The ceremony was scheduled to start half an hour ago." He glanced back at Nick with a look that said, accept it, man.

Nick managed to get as far as the chair near the door. He sat, then surveyed his hands. Front then back. "I suppose I should go out there and say something."

"You want me to do it?" Dean offered.

"It's my responsibility." Nick pushed himself up from the chair. "Besides, I don't ever want to forget this moment...in case I ever think about doing something this stupid again."

Nick opened the door and moved into the hallway. He wasn't sure where he'd find the sanctuary-the place where he'd have to face hundreds of people, people who'd come to see a wedding, and tell them there wasn't going to be one. Not today, anyway.

After a few turns that got Nick nowhere, a kind lady, probably a volunteer of the church, offered to lead him and Dean to the sanctuary.

She paused at the only door on the left side of a long corridor. "It's right on the other side of this door." She smiled. "Hurry now. You don't want to be late." She nodded, and was off.

You don't want to be late. That almost made Nick laugh out loud. Why should he worry about being late? Ginny hadn't had the decency to show up at all.

Nick grabbed onto the cool metal doorknob and turned. Panic swarmed through him as he peered into the sanctuary, seeing hundreds of people, all their guests, waiting to witness his and Ginny's wedding.

Dean gave him a gentle nudge. Nick sucked in a breath of courage and stepped through the door.

Gazing out over the crowd, Nick stalled, trying to find the words. He paused a little longer on the faces of the people he knew by name. Like Angela Davies. They'd worked together years ago, over at Martini's, back when he was a cook and she was the hostess. They'd dated once or twice. She was married now, with two kids. Gary Larsen, an old college buddy, looked bored beyond words. Julia Mason, his mother's longtime friend-when their eyes met, her hopeful expression turned to one of sadness. He hadn't seen that look on her face since the day his mother died, nearly ten years ago.

The crowd started to stir. They were getting restless, antsy, wanting to know what was going on. Well, he'd better say something before they all turned on him.

Nick cleared his throat. "Sorry to keep you waiting," was the only thing he could come up with. Too bad his mother wasn't here. She'd know what to say. His older brother Kevin would dazzle them with his charm-if he were here. Let's face it, everybody's gone off and left you, boy. Even Ginny. "I thank you for your time in coming out today. I'm not entirely clear about what's going on right now, but I can tell you there's not going to be a wedding. At least not today."

Hushed whispers turned into louder grumbles as people began to rise from their seats and make their way toward the front door. Some paused in the aisle, looking briefly at Nick. It was as if they were thinking about coming to offer him condolences, but then deciding against it. Some shook their heads before turning away, but most simply headed for the door.

Dean nudged Nick's elbow, leading him back toward the rear hallway that they'd come in through.

"You think she's at the house?" Nick asked Dean once they were in the corridor.

"It's beyond me," Dean said in a kind, soothing tone. "If she didn't want to get married, why didn't she just tell you?" He squeezed Nick's shoulder lightly. "Instead of this."

"I'm gonna go see if she's at the house," Nick said. "Shit!" He tossed his hands in the air. "My truck's at the Hang Ten. Will you drop me by there?"

"Of course," Dean said, with an understanding nod. "Let's go."

The drive passed by mostly in silence. It wasn't until Dean rolled into the parking lot at Hang Ten, where there were several cars in addition to Nick's truck, that the conversation picked up again.

"Jesus!" Nick swore. "I forgot about the stupid reception."

"I'll take care of it," Dean said. "I'll go in and tell the staff that there won't be any reception here today, and they can all go home."

"Thanks, man." Nick sighed. That was one weight lifted off his shoulders.

"What about all the food?"

Nick let the possibilities rolled through his mind until a good one stuck. "Call St. Dom's," he said of the local homeless shelter. "Tell them you've got a boatload of food for them."

"Good idea." Finally, the hint of a smile from Dean. "They'll be eating well tonight."

Nick climbed out and stood beside the car long enough to fish his keys from his pocket. Dean was already halfway to the restaurant's front door when he glanced over his shoulder. "You sure you don't want me to go to the house with you?"

Nick shook his head. "No. It won't be a scene that you, or anyone else I call a friend, should witness."

"Remember..." Dean pointed at Nick. "It's illegal to kill her." He held his serious expression for a few seconds, then chuckled. He shook off the laughter, then added, "Call me later." He pointed at Nick again. "If you don't, I'll coming looking for you."

Nick knew what he meant. Dean had always wondered how Nick had managed to stay so strong after his brother had succumbed to drugs and his mother to cancer.

Nick had often wondered that too. But each day he kept getting up and living life. He'd always been a survivor. But now the real test would come. And Nick Matthews had no idea how he was going to get through this.

Nick figured the best place to start looking for Ginny was the house. She had, after all, banned him from coming around for the last week. Now he was really wondering why?

He pulled into the driveway, hit the garage door opener that was clasped to the visor and waited for the door to open. Instead of rolling on into the garage, he shifted into park, jumped out of the truck and trotted into the house through the garage.

Inside the laundry room, the washer and dryer were gone. What the...? crossed Nick's mind as he passed through and on into the kitchen. The only appliances left in there were the stove and the dishwasher, and they belonged to the landlord. All the little knickknacks Ginny had on the counters were gone. He opened one cabinet, then two. Both were empty.

He wasn't surprised to find the dining and living rooms stripped of everything but a few pieces of trash on the floor.

Standing in the middle of the living room, he did a slow one-eighty. Even the walls were bare.

What the hell?

After a quick inspection of the house, the only room that hadn't been completely emptied out was the bedroom. But there wasn't much left in there. Nick's clothes from the dresser had been dumped onto the middle of the floor. The closet doors were slid open. Only his clothes remained inside. All of Ginny's were gone.

Nick thought about the few pieces of furniture he'd inherited from his mother a few years ago. Ginny hadn't wanted those hand-me-downs in the house. He was glad now that he'd stored his mother's things in the loft over the restaurant, along with all of his stuff. Ginny hadn't wanted any of it in the house. Not his Dodgers memorabilia. Not his mother's collection of depression glass. And not his brother's surfing regalia.

She'd made him go out and buy all new furnishings, and now she'd taken every single bit of it. Truth be told, he wasn't going to miss those hideous drapes that she'd hung over the windows in their bedroom. Each panel was a damn different color. Brown, blue, green...and together it was ugly. The cold, hard fact was that Ginny didn't have a lick of fashion sense, not when it came to home decor.

Nick trudged back into the living room and parked himself on the stone bench in front of the fireplace. The only other alternative was the floor, and he really needed to sit down.

A sudden coldness hit Nick at the core of his heart. Good riddance to her and all that crap she took with her.

Now Ginny's odd idiosyncrasies during the past few months, and especially the last couple of weeks, were starting to make sense. No wonder she'd wanted him out of the house last week. And to think she'd said it was because she wanted their wedding night to feel like they were real newlyweds.

He sucked in a gallon of courage, enough to give him the mental strength to sustain him in case she came crawling back.

Yeah, right! Nick laughed at himself for being such a fool. He tried to shake away his stupidity, although doubting that he could accomplish it.

He pushed himself up to head for the garage. He was going to go see Dean. Maybe he could get him to help move some of his things over from the loft above Hang Ten.

Nick Matthews was going to move on if it killed him.

CHAPTER SEVEN

Marseilles, France

JULIAN DE LAURENT, BRIEFCASE IN HAND, puttered along the hallway toward the second floor entry of Pacifique de Lumiere. He checked his watch. 7:30 AM. Good, he had plenty of time to get to the office if he left now.

"Julian...?" Claudette's sweet voice-the one she always used to lull people in when she wanted something-drifted up behind him.

He stopped, sucked in a breath, then turned to greet his stepmother. "Claudette." He smiled. "How nice to see you before I leave for work."

"Oh, never mind all that, Julian." She shook her head and paused at his side. "We have to talk."

"About?"

"Your father."

Uh oh. What's he done now? Julian glanced at his watch again. "All right." He guided her toward the small salon just down the hall. "I have a few minutes to spare."

They went into the room, but Claudette didn't speak until Julian closed the door.

"What's Papa gotten you so excited over?" Julian asked. He could've used a more appropriate term, like angry, but why invite trouble?

"He wants Lecie to come home."

"Yes, I'm aware of that." Julian chuckled. "Did you remind him that she's just as immovable as he is?"

Claudette nodded. "He's an obstinate man, though."

"Well..." Julian was enjoying this far too much. "It's not as if he can cut her off." He'd learned that one from Camille. He'd have to remember to say it directly to Papa. That'd drive him nuts. "And Papa has no one to blame but himself."

"You know your father well enough to know..." Claudette shook her head. "He will not relent so easily."

Julian agreed with an expressive nod. It'd take a lot more than Papa's inability to cut Lecie off financially to keep him from meddling in her life. "Any idea what he's planning?"

"I think he's going to try to have her deported." Claudette signed heavily. "He thinks that will force her to come home. But let's face it...if he angers her, she will do anything but."

Damn it, Papa! Why must you? Julian had a feeling that this could turn out much worse than Papa could ever imagine. "I thought he would've have learned by now," Julian said with a slow, disbelieving shake of the head. "But as you well know, once Papa gets started, there's not much anyone can do to stop him."

"I was thinking..." Claudette glanced down at the floor, then slowly lifted her gaze back to meet Julian's. "More along the lines of talking to your sister. See if it's possible to stop her from making a bad situation worse."

Julian moved to the door, wrapped his hand around the knob, and before opening it, he said, "I'll do my best."

But how he was going to stop Lecie from overreacting was anybody's guess, since she was in America and he was here in France.

CHAPTER EIGHT

AFTER SPENDING THREE DAYS BROODING on Dean's couch, Nick decided it was time to move his things from the loft above Hang Ten over to the house. It was clear that Ginny wasn't coming back.

Nick backed his truck, the bed crammed full of his mother's furniture, into the driveway and hit the garage door opener.

Dean opened the passenger door, but didn't get out. "Where do you want to put the stuff?" he asked. "In the garage or inside the house?"

While the garage would be the easier thing to do, Nick knew full well that if he wanted help getting the furniture inside the house, he'd better do it now. "Let's take it inside. It's better not to clog up the garage."

They bailed out of the truck, Nick went to the rear and dropped the tailgate. The piece closest to them was an old dresser that Nick's mother had said belonged to her mother. Well, at least Nick would have a place to store his clothes that Ginny had seen fit to dump onto the middle of the bedroom floor.

Dean hopped up on the tailgate and grabbed the bottom of one side. "Get that end," he said of the one nearest Nick.

Piece by piece, bit by bit, they unloaded the truck. The dresser, a matching headboard and two nightstands, a coffee table, and small bureau were all that would fit in Nick's truck on this trip.

Nick stalled in the living room, sitting down on the coffee table, the last item they'd hauled in and deposited it in the middle of the living room.

"Well..." Dean laughed, leaning against the wall near the front door. "A few more trips like this one, and you'll have a place to eat, sleep and watch TV," Dean said, poking fun at Nick's small short-bed truck.

Nick gazed around the living room, then peered into the dining room and kitchen off to his right. Every inch of this house, even though she'd completely emptied it, reminded him of Ginny.

Just looking at the place where the couch used to sit in the living room-that girly-looking flowery couch where Ginny used to snuggle up to Nick-left a bad taste in his mouth.

The memory of Ginny sitting at the dining table while he cooked, smiling up at him and waiting for him to serve her, wrapped around his chest like strapping vines, with thorns, tightening and squeezing until he could hardly breathe.

Dean stepped toward Nick. "You ready to go grab another load?"

"I hate this house." Nick's voice was flat.

"Yeah..." Dean shrugged and nodded. "It's not exactly you. But then...what is?"

"I mean it." Nick kicked his tone up a notch on the serious meter. "I really hate this house."

"You sure this isn't your anger at Ginny talking?"

Nick snorted a laugh. "Probably." He glanced up at Dean. "But I still hate this house." He paused, letting that notion sink into his own thoughts. "I...can't live here." His voice serrated the words. His fury at Ginny swirled with the disgust he was feeling over what she'd done to him. "She was the one who wanted to live here. Not me." Heat flushed through his body. He wished Ginny would've left something behind so he could break it. He looked around for something. Anything. But everything here now was his mother's belongings. He couldn't harm any of those. "I was perfectly fine and happy living over the restaurant when she invaded my life."

Dean started doing that little fidgeting dance he does when he wants to say, I told you so. Nick didn't want to hear that right now, no matter how true it might be. Dean hadn't liked Ginny from the get-go, but Nick had been too blind to see that she was a gold-digger-obviously-of minimal proportions. Seriously. There were tons of guys out there with access to way more money than Nick could scrounge up. So why him?

"She set her sights pretty low, didn't she?" Nick laughed at himself. "I can't believe she spent three years with me, just to get some second-rate furniture."

"If it's any consolation," Dean offered, "she's a second-rate gold-digger."

They both knew Ginny liked to put on airs, Dean more so than Nick, but Nick was beginning to see the light. Funny thing was, the so-called second-hand furniture he'd inherited from his mother, that Ginny had made him store above the restaurant, was far more valuable, monetarily, than the furnishings she'd cleaned out from the house.

Dean was right. Ginny sucked at gold-digging. Somehow, that made Nick feel better.

"I'm gonna move back into the loft," Nick said with a confident nod.

"That place is a mess." Dean rolled his eyes.

"I like messes."

Dean chuckled. "That's true."

"You suck at this friend thing." Nick pushed himself up from the coffee table. "You know that?"

"You're welcome." Dean feigned innocence, then stepped forward. "Want to load this stuff up and take it back to the loft?"

Nick nodded. He had a direction now, and one he felt good about. He hadn't felt this positive in months. Everything was going to work out fine.

Wasn't it?

The next morning, Nick was back at work, tending to the needs of the restaurant before it opened at eleven-in two hours.

His first order of business was to check the inventory to make sure there were sufficient supplies for the weekend. He'd have to call today, if he wanted deliveries by Friday afternoon.

He left his office and cut through the dining room toward the kitchen. The storage room was located down a hall off to the left side. Before he got to the double doors that swung open into the kitchen, he was distracted by a knock on the front door.

Nick peered through the window next to the door, seeing Dean standing there looking troubled. Without hesitation, he pulled the keys from his pocket and unlocked the door. Dean scurried inside and waited silently while Nick relocked the door.

"What are you doing here?" Didn't he have a community center to run?

"We need to talk." Dean was fidgeting, but it wasn't that rooster fidget he does when he's proud of himself. This time, it was his coyote fidget, the one he does when he's antsy.

"What's up?" Nick didn't know why, but his insides started to quiver.

"It's about that check you gave me the other day for the community center. The computers, remember?"

"Yeah." Nick's insides relaxed. It was just like Dean to get him all worked up over nothing. "What, did you lose it?"

Dean had a hard time looking Nick in the eye. Nick didn't like that. Dean shook his head, and said, "It bounced, man."

"What?" Nick's mouth dropped to the floor, carrying his confidence along for the ride. "There's gotta be a mistake. Did you go inside the bank?"

Dean shifted from foot to foot and then rubbed his forehead. "There's no mistake. Hang Ten's petty cash account is empty."

Nick massaged his chin. "That can't be. There's never less than twenty grand in that account at any given time. If it drops below, money comes straight out of the line of credit to top it back off." Nick shook his head adamantly. "They made a mistake at the bank."

"I don't know what's going on, but you'd better call the bank." Dean offered the check to Nick. He took it, wondering if this was another one of Dean's pranks.

If this was a joke, Dean was one hell of an actor. Besides that, Dean wouldn't use something that meant so much to both of them as vehicle to fuel his prank.

Uncertainty gnawed at Nick's insides. This had to be a mistake. He headed for his office, waving at Dean to follow him. Nick wanted him to hear it for himself that there had been a mistake. That's all it was. A simple mistake. Maybe the teller was new and hadn't quite learned the system yet.

Whatever. Nick would get this cleared up in a jiff.

After getting the bank on the phone, and explaining the situation, Nick gave the girl his petty cash account number and then she put him on hold.

Each second that passed while Nick waited jabbed at his confidence. What if Dean was right? What if there was no money in the account? But that didn't make sense. Nick had plenty of money at his disposal. Not tons, but enough for him and Hang Ten.

Nick heard the click at the other end of the line. "Mr. Matthews...?" When she said his name, her voice was not nearly as confident as it had been two minutes ago. "I'm afraid your account is overdrawn."

"Overdrawn?" Nick said in a sharp tone.

"Yes, sir," she said. "By twelve hundred thirty-two dollars and forty-eight cents."

"That's impossible." Nick adopted a defiant tone. "When that account goes below twenty thousand, the bank automatically transfers funds from my line of credit to top it off."

"Let me check that account." She paused. Nick could hear her typing in the background. After a moment, she said, "Can you give me that account number so I can make sure I'm looking at the right one?"

"Sure." Nick fished his wallet from his back pocket and rifled through the contents until he found his list of account numbers. He rattled off the line of credit's number and waited.

And waited.

Finally, the girl on the other end of the call cleared her throat. "Mr. Matthews...?"

"Yes."

"I'm afraid your line of credit is maxed out."

"What?" Nick's voice had gone high and loud, fueled by the instant overdrive his heartbeat had gone into the second she said the words maxed out.

"Yes, sir. In fact, all of your accounts are overdrawn or maxed out, except for payroll and the account that pays the mortgage on the restaurant."

The Hang Ten mortgage and the payroll accounts? Suddenly, and sadly, the clouds were beginning to clear. Ginny had access to all the accounts except those two. "How badly overdrawn am I?" Nick asked in a low, strained voice, afraid of the answer.

"Give me a sec and I'll add it up." More clicking. Nick's heart thudded harder against his chest. His thoughts went fuzzy. He was almost able to grasp the notion that he might be financially ruined. The girl cleared her throat again, and said, "All totaled, your accounts are overdrawn by eight thousand seven hundred fifty-six dollars and seventy-eight cents. Plus there's the one-hundred thousand that you now owe on the line of credit."

And that, no doubt, would soon start accruing interest. How in the world was Nick supposed to pay back a hundred grand? He was financially ruined, and it was all Ginny's doing. "My ex-fiancee did this," he said. "Do I have any kind of recourse?"

"She is a joint owner on all of your accounts but two."

"We need to stop that right now." Nick struggled to hold his temper, reminding himself that his real target was Ginny, not this poor girl on the other end of the phone.

"You'll need to come down to the bank to sign a form for that."

"I'll do that this morning." Nick had managed to calm his tone. He needed this girl's help, not her rebuttal. "How long do I have before the bank gets nasty about these overdrawn accounts and the maxed out credit line?"

"If the overdraft fees aren't taken care of in thirty days, the bank will report you to ChexSystems and start collection proceedings. Your first payment of two thousand one-hundred thirty-nine dollars and twenty-four cents will be due on the line of credit in approximately thirty-five days."

"Thank you. I'll be down to the bank in a bit to take my ex off the accounts." Nick hung up the phone and looked at Dean. "Turns out..." Shock flowed like lava through Nick, hot and burning, and nothing could stop it. "Ginny's a lot more devious than we've been giving her credit for being."

"What's going on?" Dean's voice was edgy, nervous.

"I'm in deep shit, Dean. Deep, deep shit."

CHAPTER NINE

DEIDRA STOMPED HER FEET like a spoiled teenager. At twenty-three, she and Lecie were hardly more than that. But they had to grow up sometime. Maybe just not today.

Lecie chuckled to herself. Deidra's temper tantrums had always amused her. Today's was no exception. Although, she wasn't about to give in to Deidra's whims. Not this time.

"Let's find a new place to hang out," Lecie insisted. "Hang Ten can't be the only cool place on the California coast."

"But I like their blackened tilapia, and their lemon drop martinis." Deidra's tone went nasal. She leaned against the fireplace mantel and stared at Lecie, who was sitting on the couch with her eyes focused on her laptop.

"I'm sure Hang Ten doesn't have the market cornered on lemon-drop martinis." Lecie rolled her eyes back to the computer screen for a second, then let her gaze drift back up to her friend.

Deidra pushed off the fireplace. "Are you farming again?"

"No." Lecie closed the laptop. "I'm not farming."

"You are too!" Deidra moved to the couch and plopped down beside Lecie. "Let's go out," she urged. "Interact with the real world."

"The real world sucks." Lecie put the laptop on the coffee table.

Deidra laughed. "Says the girl who owns this beautiful house-outright, I might add-here in the land of fun."

"Fun is overrated. You shouldn't get attached to it."

"Spoil sport."

"Look..." Lecie cut her eyes at Deidra. "There's always somebody who will, knowingly or not, stomp on your fun."

"Say...people who get married, for instance?"

While it's true, no decent, self-respecting girl wanted to moon over a married man-and Lecie probably would, whether she was in California or France-but that wasn't what she was talking about.

"I was speaking of Papa." Lecie rolled her eyes away from Deidra. "You cannot count on any measure of fun to last while my father's around, lurking in the shadows."

If Papa was set on Lecie returning home, then she had better be vigilant. With a man like him gunning for her, she didn't need the distraction that came with having a crush on a married man.

Inside Hang Ten, the staff moved back and forth between the kitchen, dining and supply rooms, and the outdoor patio in preparation for the lunch crowd that would begin to mill in once the doors opened at eleven.

Dean glanced stealthily around the dining room, then leaned across the table toward Nick. "So what are you going to do?" They both knew what he was talking about.

Nick laughed. Not a jovial laugh, but one of irony. "I owe the bank a hundred and eight grand-" He shrugged. "-and some change. I'd kill myself if it weren't for the insurance."

"The insurance?"

"Ginny's my beneficiary."

"Ah..." Dean kicked his head back. "You should change that."

"It's on my to-do list." Nick cut his eyes toward Dean and gave him a hard stare. "Right behind trying to fend off bankruptcy."

"Don't you have any money in savings?"

"Had," Nick corrected him. "The key word here is had."

"She wiped out your savings account, too?" Dean shook his head. "Man, that's tough. What'd you have in there...hundred grand?"

"About seventy grand." A sadness had invaded Nick's voice. "It's all I had left of the money Walter left me."

Walter Moreland. To hear Nick's mother tell it, Walter was just an old friend. And while Nick's father had died when Nick was about to turn eleven, the best he could ever recall, Walter Moreland was not a person that his father had ever spoke of. But the way Nick saw it, considering that Nick had been named in Walter's will, something had gone on between his mother and Walter, hopefully before she married his father.

"Seriously?" Dean's tone turned gruff, right along with his frown. "She wiped out your inheritance, too? Is that legal?"

"Apparently, the only person in this scenario who committed a crime was me. For being so damned stupid." Nick flushed hot with an abrupt and vicious indignation. "I added her to my accounts. Gave her carte blanche to rob me blind."

"You can't beat yourself up about that."

"Why not?" Nick's scoffing laughter had a bite to it. "I'm responsible for my own undoing."

"Hell, Nick. You were gonna marry the girl. That's what married people do. They share bank accounts and crap like that."

"Well let that be a lesson to you." Nick's tone was unwavering. He hoped he never forgot the lesson being taught to him now. "Steer clear of marriage, man. And never, ever give someone access to your bank accounts."

"You've learned what not to do." Dean gave him one of those nods, like he knew the direction of this conversation had taken a wrong turn somewhere along the way. He shrugged, and said, "Question is...what are you going to do now?"

"I don't know." Nick shook his head. "Maybe I can get some credit with the suppliers for the next few months. If I don't have to pay them, maybe I can make a dent in the money I owe the bank and still keep the community center afloat."

The community center. It'd been an unmentioned topic hanging in the air between them, ever since Nick found out what Ginny had done to his bank accounts.

Simple truth was, Nick wasn't the only one in trouble here. If he lost his financial footing the community center would suffer too. Without him, the center would fade away. And if Nick let that happen, it'd be like letting his brother Kevin down all over again.

CHAPTER TEN

Marseilles, France

IN THE BEDROOM SUITE at Pacifique de Lumiere, Camille de Laurent's husband Julian lingered at her side while she perused the jewelry in the box near the dresser.

"Cheri, are you bored with these gems?" he asked. "Try the safe downstairs. I'm sure you'll find something to your liking in there."

The safe downstairs was a room that easily rivaled the size of any of the stores on Rodeo Drive. It was the de Laurent's basement, and it housed the family's jewels, unlike the personal items here in Camille's jewelry chest. These were hers. The stuff down there belonged to the family. But she supposed that one day, most of the jewels down there would be hers. Sort of.

"No..." She laughed playfully. "I'm just procrastinating about what to wear."

"Whatever you wear," he said, "it will pale in comparison to your beauty." His lips brushed temptingly against her cheek.

A blush heated her face, for just a split-second, before she caught it and wrangled it in. "Julian de Laurent." She looked at his reflection in the mirror, and said, "You're up to something."

"Me?" His hand flew to his chest.

"Yes. You." She nodded. "The question is...what could you possibly be trying to flatter out of me?"

"Cheri, how can you suspect me of ulterior motives?" He laid it on thick. Between his velvety-smooth voice, sparkling eyes, and a hint of a smile, a girl could get talked out of her good graces.

But Julian had already done that. No, he wanted something else from her, and Camille wanted to cut to the chase to find out what. "Spill it."

"I just thought you might like to vacation in California for a while," he said in a more serious tone.

A pang of longing shot through Camille and wafted out in her voice. "California?"

"Perhaps Tasha could go with you."

An even better idea. "Maybe we could stay at Lecie's?" She nodded. Julian grinned, and in that instant Camille knew she'd stumbled upon his motive. "Ah...I see."

"I think it might be best if you and Tasha go with Gerard. I think your presence will make it easier for her to accept a butler in the house." Julian stopped and laughed softly. "One she'll undoubtedly think is Papa's spy."

"And just how long is a while?" Caution had invaded her voice.

"Some weeks." He shrugged. "However long it takes."

Some weeks? However long it takes? Why so long? It's not like Lecie was socially inept. Camille crossed her arms at her waist and peered at Julian through narrowed eyes. "And what else should I be doing while I'm there?"

Julian laughed and waved a surrendering motion at Camille before taking her hand and tugging her toward the chairs by the window. "Well..." He waited for her to sit, then he did. "Now that Lecie knows how far Papa is willing to go to bring her home, she's bound to retaliate."

"Would he really have her deported?" That was low even for Maurice.

Julian looked at her and grinned. "In a New York minute."

"She's not going to like that."

"No, she's not." Julian paused, and Camille could feel his eyes on her. She shifted her gaze toward him. "That's where you come in."

"Me?" she asked with a curious innocence.

"And Tasha," Julian added.

Camille squinted her eyes. "I'm not going to talk the girl into coming home," she said, shaking her head. "And I highly doubt that Tasha will either."

"I don't want you to talk her into coming home."

"Then what do you want us to do?"

CHAPTER ELEVEN

SEATED BEHIND THE DESK IN HIS OFFICE, Nick held the telephone's receiver to his ear. He'd left the door open when he'd come in to make the phone call, and now he mindlessly watched Bethany and Diane ready the dining room for the lunch crowd that'd be pouring in as soon as the doors opened at eleven. Nick checked his watch. 10:15.

Once he got Tony over at Molina's Bakery on the phone-there was no use talking to anybody else, Tony owned the place and was the only one who could definitively give him a yes-Nick started with a casual, "Morning, Tony, it's Nick Matthews."

He could damn near hear Tony tensing up across the airwaves. Uh oh. Was he going to get all weird about the wedding that didn't happen? Tony said to him, "Nick...I've been meaning to give you a call."

But you thought it might turn out awkward, right? Nick chuckled to himself. "There's just never enough hours in the day, are there?" Nick gave him an out, hoping he'd take it.

"Not when you're the bearer of bad news." Tony's voice tightened.

Bad news? Nick stiffened, straightened in his chair. Did Tony think Nick didn't know he'd been stood up at the altar? He couldn't possibly know about the banking issues. Could he? "Well I've had plenty of that lately, Tony."

"And I hate to make things worse for you."

Worse? How could things possibly get worse? "But you have a job to do." Nick felt a burning itch prickling at his gut. He could, and probably should, let Tony keep tiptoeing around his point, but Nick said it anyway, "So why don't you just tell me what you've been beating around the bush about."

Tony cleared his throat. "Nick, your account with us hasn't been paid in nearly six months."

"What?" Nick bellowed.

"Ginny kept coming up with excuse after excuse. Mostly to do with how she'd been so busy because of the wedding. Each time we talked, she'd promise to get it in the mail, but if she did, we never received it." Tony's voice remained shaky, but he kept talking. "I kept excusing it because of your reputation, but quite honestly, Nick, we can't extend any more credit or supplies to you until your account is paid in full."

"Look, Tony, I'll be straight with you." Nick sucked in a breath, hating to admit, say it out loud, what Ginny had done. But what else was he supposed to do? Tony Molina wanted his money. He expected it and had every right to it. Trouble was, Nick didn't have it to give. He had to buy a little more time. "Between you and me, Ginny did more damage than just leaving me at the altar. She cleaned me out."

There was a silence between them that went on for so long that Nick thought the call might have been dropped. But finally, Tony said in a less than agreeable tone, "I see." More silence, then he cleared his throat again. "How are you set for supplies?" Tony knew, as well as Nick, that without supplies the restaurant would close right away. And without the restaurant, Nick didn't stand a chance at coming out of this intact.

"A couple of days. You know the fresh foods come in almost daily."

"I wish I could help." But Tony's voice was so fixed that Nick knew he wouldn't be getting any more credit from Molina's Bakery.

Still, he had to try. "But without your breads, I can't run the restaurant. Without the restaurant, I don't stand a chance at squaring these debts."

Debts that Nick owed because of Ginny. It's a good thing he didn't know where she was. If he did, he just might kill her.

"I'm sorry. I can't give you any more credit."

"What if I can pay for the new order?"

"We're going to need some form of payment on the unpaid balance, too." Tony paused. "You might want to consider a mortgage on the restaurant to tide you over."

Nick nodded. "Hang Ten is already mortgaged." Nick had already thought about that, but in light of his current financial problem, nobody was going to give him a mortgage on the restaurant. The likelihood of Nick coming out of this on top was not good.

"I'm gonna go out on a limb here for you, Nick." Tony said it like he was doing him a tremendous favor. And he was. The problem with that was, people like Tony Molina always expected something in return for their favors. "You send your order over tomorrow, along with a ten percent payment on the balance and I'll cover you."

Ten percent? Nick did a quick tally in his head. If he took money from the last few days revenue, he might be able to swing it. Ever since he'd found out what Ginny had done, he'd been keeping the restaurant's money in his office safe. He couldn't put it in the bank, they'd end up taking it to satisfy his debt. And right now, they were at the bottom of his priority list. The restaurant had to be at the top. Without it, all the rest would die, including the community center.

After several more phone calls-all to suppliers and all with the same end result as Molina's Bakery-Nick was able to finally hang up the phone and breathe a sigh of relief, if for nothing other than not having to face another call. At least not today.

All he had to do was triple his customer base for the next month and he might be able to dig his head out enough to catch a breath.

But that wasn't likely to happen. Nick pushed himself up from the desk. Inwardly, he felt himself sinking further and further down into the abyss. He strolled around to the front of the desk and leaned against it. This financial crisis had wrapped itself menacingly around him. He felt it sucking the air from his lungs and tightening the noose around his throat.

Ginny. How in the world had he been so blinded by her? How did he not see what she was up to?

Carelessness, that's how. His carelessness was going to teach him a very tough lesson. He'd trusted Ginny. Hell, he thought he was going to marry her. Look where that got him.

Nick grabbed the chair sitting by the door and slammed it against the door frame. It splintered into pieces. The seat landed in the doorway. He kicked it into the dining room.

Bethany, who was putting the finishing touches on the tables, looked up. Uncertainty drained her face of all color. "Nick...?" She barely got the word out. "What's wrong?"

"I'm a stupid ass. That's what's wrong." He slammed the door shut and glared around the office, considering his next move. Demolishing the chair felt good, but fleeting. Maybe if he broke something else?

He latched onto the coffee table sitting halfway between the door and his desk. Just as he picked it up there was a loud knock on the door.

"Nick?" Dean's voice bellowed through the wall.

Holding the table in midair, Nick looked at the door. The words, go away, flittered through his mind but never made it past his lips.

"Nick!" Dean's voice was more forceful this time. The door opened.

Nick gave a disgruntled sigh and set the table back down on the floor. "What?" he said, looking back at Dean.

"What the hell are you doing?" Dean came inside the office.

"Breaking shit."

"Why?"

"It feels good."

"You're scaring the hell out of your staff."

Guilt fogged Nick's brain. He never meant to scare his employees. "I'm sorry about that."

"Apologize to them. Not me."

"I will." Nick raked his hand through his hair. It felt long, nearly to his collar now. He needed a haircut. He looked around the office, then slumped down onto the coffee table. "I feel like I'm drowning."

"What's going on?" Dean stepped toward Nick but remained standing over him. "Things didn't go as well as you'd hoped with your suppliers?"

"No." Nick avoided looking at Dean. "Turns out, I'm four to six months behind with everyone who supplies anything to Hang Ten." At that moment he let his gaze travel up to meet Dean's.

Dean dragged the chair near the door across the floor and sat down in front of Nick. "Okay, seriously man...is there any other area of your life that Ginny could've screwed you out of money?"

Nick laughed and took a moment to think about it. Sadly though, Ginny had cleaned him out of every cent she could get her hands on. "This well has officially run dry."

Nick could see it in Dean's eyes, his mind was frantically probing for a solution that'd put Nick on top. He hated to tell his friend that it was a futile search. Finally, Dean said, "Maybe you could sue her for breach of promise."

Nick's laughter snorted out even though he'd tried to contain it. "Will that get me a quarter of a million dollars?" he said with light sarcasm. "Because that's about what I'll need to get out of the hole Ginny's dug me into."

"Quarter of a mil?" Dean's voice went weak. "That much, huh?"

"Damn near it." And they both knew it might as well be a million, because Nick didn't have access to either.

"Times like this make you wish you had a rich relative stashed away somewhere."

A rich relative? Well, Nick didn't have that, but he did have the next best thing. He didn't know why he hadn't thought of it before. "Walter."

Dean looked him straight in the eye. "Walter's dead."

"Yes." Nick stood. "But his foundation is alive and kicking." He moved toward the office door and closed it. "They know I was in his will. Maybe they'll give me a low-interest loan." For the first time in days, Nick felt a spark of hope.

"Could be worth a shot."

"You'd better hope so."

"Me?" Dean laid his hand on his chest.

"If I don't fix this mess soon," he said. "I'll lose the restaurant." He hated to be so blunt, but there it was. "The new owners might not be so inclined to continue funding the community center."

Dean's face went pale. Obviously, he hadn't thought about the repercussions of Nick's predicament as it trickled down to the community center. Until now.

Now Dean was finally seeing that Nick's losing Hang Ten would be a disaster on more than one level. Of course, the restaurant would live on, but it would belong to someone else. Nick would be homeless, and he and Dean both would be jobless. But the thing that stabbed at Nick the most was that the community center-the legacy to his brother's memory-would wither away.

CHAPTER TWELVE

LECIE KNEW THEY WERE COMING. Even so, seeing Camille and Tasha and the kids with their nanny Velma standing in her living room with Soren's brother Gerard turned out to be a bit overwhelming. This was starting to feel a lot like an intervention.

Just breathe... Lecie coached herself. And remember, this is your house. If she could keep that thought in her head she'd be okay. She was the boss here. Not Gerard. And not Camille or Tasha. Although, neither of her sisters-in-law had ever tried to boss her around. Lecie hoped today was not the day they started.

Gerard looked a little like Soren. Same light-brown hair. Same pale blue eyes. Same stature. Similar facial features. The big difference was that Gerard was a little taller than Soren.

"Gerard..." Lecie offered her hand. He shook it. "It's been a long time. Do you remember me?"

"Yes, ma'am." He nodded subserviently. "It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance again, ma'am."

She clasped her own hands together at her midriff and gave him a hard stare. "Rule number one. We have to dispense with the formalities," she said with a hint of shaky laughter.

"Ma'am?" Gerard grimaced.

"For starters," she said, "just call me Lecie."

"Good luck with that." Tasha chuckled. She'd been trying for two years to get her staff to call her Tasha. The best she'd ever gotten for her efforts was Miss Tasha.

"If you say so, ma'am." Gerard nodded and backed up a step or two.

"Come on, Gerard..." Deidra waved after him. "I'll show you where your room is."

Gerard glanced around at the other women, and when none of them objected he followed Deidra out of the living room.

Lecie looked at Camille and Tasha. "Shall we sit?" She motioned toward the couch and chairs. Her sisters-in-law nodded and moved to the couch. Lecie chose the chair to their right. "I'm thrilled to see both of you." She offered up what she hoped was a friendly smile and peered down at her niece and nephew who were hanging on to their mother's legs, looking up at Lecie shyly. She gave them a big smile and stretched out her arms, saying, "Juliana. James. Come give Aunt Lecie a hug."

Both children giggled and ran to Lecie, climbing onto her lap. After a moment or two, Camille looked at the nanny, saying, "Velma, would you take the kids outside?"

With an obedient smile, Velma headed for the sliding glass door, coaxing the children to follow. Within seconds, all three were outside, and out of earshot.

Camille looked at Lecie with a quick, pressing nod. Looked like she was here on a mission, probably Julian's mission, and she'd brought Tasha along for support.

They all, the entire family, thought Lecie was too naive, and maybe that was true. But she had news for them. She was far from stupid. "So what is it that my brothers have sent you here to tell me?"

Camille and Tasha glanced at each other knowingly, then smiled an appreciative sort of smile that you see on mothers when their child takes their first step or says their first word. That was one of the reasons Lecie liked them both so much. They'd always treated her as an adult. Something her parents and brothers were reluctant to do.

Camille snickered and lowered her head. "You are much quicker than your father or your brothers give you credit for being."

"Mama, too," Lecie wouldn't let them forget. "She still thinks I'm a child."

"She does give you far more leeway than the men do," Tasha put in.

"And you two are exceptionally gifted in the art of diversion." Lecie deliberately raised her eyebrows and took extra care to keep her face stoic, serious. "But that doesn't change anything. I still want to know why my brothers sent you."

Camille spoke up, "Well, not just your brothers. Claudette too." She drew a breath and ease it out in a long sigh. "I'll just cut to the chase and tell you that Maurice is up to his old tricks."

One thing Lecie knew, Camille was well-versed in Papa's "old tricks". He'd done his best to see that she didn't stay married to Julian. Fat lot of good it'd done him. Same with Tasha and Andre, except Papa hadn't been against their marriage, but he had in fact orchestrated it. He'd been so fixated on making sure Andre married Tasha that he hadn't realized he'd given Lecie pure freedom in the process-until it was too late.

Lecie was glad her father had been devious enough to know that if she were included in Edouard Renault's will, Andre would never risk losing the inheritance. He would do whatever it took to make sure Lecie got it, and he had. Papa just hadn't thought far enough ahead to see that her independence would also come hand-in-hand with that inheritance.

It was a tough lesson, and everybody knew that Papa probably had coming. But if Lecie knew her brothers, they envied her for being the teacher.

Lecie couldn't help laughing out loud.

"Lecie," Tasha said, "this is not at all funny. Your father wants you to come home. And we all know...Maurice gets what he wants."

"What's he going to do?" she asked, enjoying this a little too much. But they just sat there with these flat expressions. Lecie added with a shrug, "Cut me off?"

"You underestimate your father." Camille's tone was loaded with warning. And she meant well, but Lecie was going to show them all that she could get down in the dirt and scrap with the best of them. Just as soon as she figured out how.

"And he underestimates me." Lecie pumped her words with confidence.

"Yes, yes he does," Camille said. "And your mother sees that. She's very afraid that he's going to push you into doing something reckless." Truth be told, Camille looked a little worried about that too. "And we're here to implore you not to lose your cool and do something you'll regret."

"Trust me..." Lecie leaned in closer. "Whatever I choose to do to fight Papa...I won't be the one with regrets."

"We hope, for your sake, that is the case," Tasha said.

"You should be prepared though." Camille's steady nod supported her words. "Maurice intends to have you deported. Claudette has bought you a little time by sending Gerard over, but it's only a matter of time. Sooner, rather than later, I suspect you will be forced to leave the United States."

"But I own property here."

"You wouldn't be the first property owner to get kicked out of this country," Tasha said.

"Or the last." Lecie laughed nervously. "Don't worry. I'll think of something to avoid it."

"We all know there's only one way to get out of being deported." Tasha put it out there.

Lecie giggled. "My brothers would be shocked to hear you suggest such a thing."

"Whose idea do you think it is?" Camille looked Lecie straight in the eye.

"Not my brothers." Lecie's gaze ping-ponged between the two of them, waiting for them to crack a smile and say it was a joke. They didn't. She began shaking her head. "They would not seriously suggest that I marry someone just so I can stay in the country."

"You underestimate your brothers." Camille chuckled. "Julian knows you're just as capable of fighting fire with fire as he or Andre. Maybe more so." Camille's undertone was unmistakable. "Which is why I'm supposed to tell you that Julian has already contacted Davis to draw up the contracts. When you've chosen a groom, he'll personalize the agreement. None of us want to see you lose half your inheritance to some unscrupulous parasite, while trying to buy a little more time."

"Can I trust this Davis?" Lecie couldn't help but wonder, although she'd always trusted Julian and Andre. She thought she could trust Camille and Tasha. Surely, they wouldn't allow themselves to become Papa's lackeys.

Camille nodded with certainty. "He's Julian's legal advisor here in the States. He's never met your father."

"If you want to avoid being deported," Tasha said. "You should start looking into that promptly."

Lecie dragged her hands through her hair, held it back, then released it. "Did you two come here to help me pick out a husband?"

Camille and Tasha's laughter bellowed out. Camille, whom they all knew spoke for Julian in this case, said, "We are only here to make sure that you come out of this with as little inconvenience to you as possible."

The notion that Papa might interfere with Lecie's good time in the States had been bothering her since the last time she'd spoken to Mama. Even so, Lecie hadn't really considered that Papa could be serious. Until now. Thanks to her brothers and their wives. But Lecie was going to outmaneuver Papa in true de Laurent fashion. Again, thanks to her brothers and their wives.

Lecie was going to find herself a husband. Just not a real one. This marriage was going to be one that would expire in say, six months.

Bring it on, Papa! Lecie could handle anything he threw at her now, because she had a fix.

The next morning when Lecie entered the kitchen, Gerard was already in there standing at the counter, scribbling on a tablet. She cleared her throat and his eyes lifted to meet hers.

"Good morning, madam," he said, and went back to his scribbling.

"Good morning, Gerard." She opened the refrigerator and grabbed the orange juice. "I trust you slept well?"

"Very well, madam. Thank you."

She plucked a glass from a cabinet near the counter. "Now we talked about this," she said in a light, scolding tone. "My name is Lecie."

"Yes, we did." He paused. "Miss Lecie."

If Gerard was anything like Soren or the other staff she'd encountered, that was about the best she could hope for in dispensing with the formalities. She poured herself a glass and put the juice back in the refrigerator. She peeked at the paper, and asked, "What are you doing there?"

"Our first order of business is to hire a cook."

Our? Lecie laughed. "A cook? We don't need a cook." She shook her head. "We usually eat cereal for breakfast. Sometimes, Deidra jogs down to the pastry shop a few blocks away. It makes her feel like she's exercising those extra calories off before she even eats them." Lecie used a comical tone, hoping to get Gerard to lighten up, but it didn't work. "For lunch and dinner, we either dine out or have something delivered. See..." She shrugged. "There's no need for a cook."

"Be that as it may," Gerard's eyes fell back to his list. "Mrs. de Laurent thinks it's best if you have a cook at your disposal."

"Mrs. de Laurent?" Lecie wanted clarification on which Mrs. he was speaking of.

He said, "Your mother."

Lecie snorted. "Papa probably told you to say that."

Gerard's eyes remained stuck on the notepad. "Your parents only want what is best for you, madam." He cleared his throat, and corrected himself. "Miss Lecie."

Yeah. Lecie laughed to herself.

Well, she'd better start looking for a husband. Quickly. Especially now that Papa had managed to plant his very own spy inside her house.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

THE SUN PEEKED OVER THE Santa Monica Mountains. And why shouldn't it? Today was going to be a beautiful day. With the help of Walter's foundation, Nick would begin to dig himself out of debt today.

He hurried toward the entrance of the ten-story building and the glass doors swished open, wafting cool air over him. He stepped inside, happy to get out of the morning heat.

Inside the lobby, Nick headed for the elevators. A handful of people were already waiting and the up button was already lit. Nick joined those waiting, offering smiles to the ones who'd look him in the eye.

Finally the doors slid open. Nick slipped inside with the crowd and punched number eight on the panel. As the lift moved upward, the compartment began to fill with office-politics chatter. Someone, a woman behind him, was pissed off about being passed over for that 'no-good scoundrel down in advertising'. Nick supposed this sort of thing went on at Hang Ten in the employee lounge behind the supply room. He chuckled softly, wondering if the same kind of backstabbing went on between the waitresses and bus people.

The doors parted on floor eight, Nick's stop. He stepped off the elevator and headed down the hallway to the left. He knew where to find Phil's office. He needed no direction.

Nick was still feeling good, although a bit anxious, by the time he opened the door. Phil's secretary greeted him with a smile. She was new. Approaching her desk, he cut his eyes stealthily to her name plate-Janine-then gave her a smile. "Good morning, Janine. I'm Nick Matthews. I'm here to see Phil."

The whole time he'd been talking, she'd been giving him an obvious look-over. Based on the smile tipping the corners of her mouth, she liked what she saw.

"Mr. Matthews," she said, standing. "He's expecting you." She led him to the door on the far wall, gave it a quick double knock before opening it, and said to Phil, "Nick Matthews is here."

"Come on in, Nick," Phil's voice echoed into the outer office.

Janine stepped aside and waited for Nick to go on in. When he did, she closed the door between them.

"Nick..." Phil stood and moved around the desk, extending his hand out. "How's the restaurant? How's Ginny?"

Nick sucked in a breath of courage as they shook hands. It's not that he was nervous about his chances, he just didn't know where to begin. And truth be told, it was a little ego-bruising to admit to anyone what Ginny had done to him. Nevertheless, Walter's foundation was his only hope. "Well..." Nick said as Phil went back to his chair behind his desk. "The restaurant is fine." Nick took one of the two chairs in front of the desk. "Ginny...? Well, that's what I came to talk to you about."

"Oh?" Phil gave him a concerned look. Nick hoped it was genuine, rather than practiced. "So the rumors are true then?"

"Depends on what you're hearing," Nick said.

"I'm hearing the wedding didn't happen."

"That's true."

"Perhaps you'll reschedule in the future?"

Nick almost laughed. "That's not likely." It took him a few seconds, but finally he managed to say, "To be quite honest, Phil, Ginny took me to the cleaners."

Phil listened intently, while Nick detailed the particulars of every bad deed Ginny had perpetrated during her process of not only wiping Nick out financially, but also leaving him in deep debt. When Nick was done, he shrugged, sighed, then went silent.

It took Phil a second or two before he asked behind a friendly smile, "How can we help?"

Nick felt the burden practically lifting off his shoulders. He hadn't realized just how anxious he'd been, until now. "I need a loan, Phil." Nick waited, feeling confident that Phil would say, how much do you need?

But instead of asking how much, Phil said, "That's quite a debt you've incurred, Nick."

"Yes." Nick nodded, feeling his confidence getting ready to make a run for it. "But the restaurant is strong and solid. I could pay it back, I'm sure." He handed Phil the portfolio of Hang Ten's financial reports.

"What about the banks?" Phil left Hang Ten's file on the desk, making no move to open it. "What do they say?"

"Nothing positive." Nick shook his head. Truth was, he owed too much money, and none of the banks were willing to help Nick Matthews put himself deeper in debt.

The silence lingered between them for what seemed like forever. All the while, Nick's confidence was taking a hard hit.

Finally, Phil said, "Tell you what I'm gonna do." He nodded and gave Nick a half-hearted smile. "Since Mr. Moreland was so fond of you, I'm going to take this to the board." He picked up Hang Ten's financial folder and tapped it on the desk a couple of time. "We're going to find a way to help you."

Moments later, Nick left Phil's office and by the time he was out of the building he'd managed to regain a large chunk of his confidence.

Everything was going to work out. The foundation would step in and help him, where no one else would. Because of Walter, they wouldn't turn him down, would they?

Nick cast that nasty thought out of his head. Walter's foundation was going to help. They had to. If they didn't, Nick was sunk.

Lecie couldn't believe she'd agreed that she, Deidra, Camille and Tasha should go for lunch at the Hang Ten. And if that wasn't enough, they'd insisted on going in the limo Camille and Tasha had hired for the duration of their visit. Velma and the kids would stay behind at the house. Gerard had ordered pizza for their lunch, and that had made the kids happy.

"Guys..." Lecie said in a hushed voice when they were no more than two blocks from the restaurant. "Do you think it's prudent to roll up in front of Hang Ten in a limo?"

"Why wouldn't it be?" Camille laughed.

"I'm trying to keep a low profile," Lecie said.

"Not anymore," Tasha said. "You're after a husband now."

"I don't get it." Lecie shook her head. "I can't get used to the idea that Julian and Andre are okay with me marrying someone just so Papa can't have me deported."

"Your brothers are certain you'll do something...shocking when Maurice pushes you into a corner." Of course, Camille probably meant stupid rather than shocking. "They'd much rather you do it on their terms."

"Yeah, I know." Lecie almost laughed. "They want to make sure I don't lose my inheritance." Her gaze drifted to the window as the limo rolled up in front of Hang Ten. She wondered if Nick and Ginny had returned from their honeymoon. The thought left her feeling nauseated and a bit sullen.

Tasha elbowed Lecie's side. "They have good food here, or what?"

"That's not all they have." Deidra chuckled.

"Do tell...?" Tasha got serious.

The driver, whose name Lecie hadn't caught, opened the door and Camille climbed out first, followed by Tasha, then Deidra, and finally Lecie.

When Keri, the hostess, saw Lecie and Deidra she smiled. "Ladies, looks like you brought us some friends today."

"Indeed we did," Deidra said.

Keri grabbed four menus and said, "I've got your favorite table ready for you."

They followed her to the booth back in the corner near Nick's office, Lecie's favorite place to sit because she could always catch glimpses of Nick as he was coming and going about the restaurant's business.

As the party slid into the booth, Lecie and Deidra on one side and Camille and Tasha on the other, Keri said, "Are we having lemon-drop martinis today?"

Lecie was about to object, thinking it might not make the best impression on her sisters-in-law, when Camille said, "Ooh, that sounds delicious." She nodded, looking at the others at the table. "Am I right?"

"We'll have four," Lecie said.

"I'll get those started for you," Keri said. "Diane will be your server today. She'll bring your drinks right over."

Lecie watched the hostess walk away and did a quick scan of the restaurant. She didn't see Nick, or Ginny for that matter, anywhere. She never saw much of Ginny this early in the day, but Nick was usually always here. Maybe they were still on their honeymoon.

Lecie looked back at the table. Camille and Tasha were busy perusing the menu. She swept the dining room once more-still no Nick-before settling her gaze on Deidra.

"I don't think he's here," Deidra said.

That pulled Camille and Tasha away from their menus. "Who's not here?" Camille asked.

"The owners," Lecie put in, like it was no big deal. "They're probably off on their honeymoon still."

"Ah...newlyweds." Tasha beamed at the prospect.

"Yeah," Lecie said, dejected. She brightened up though when she saw Diane headed their way with a tray of lemon-drop martinis. That was sure to distract Tasha from talking about the grandeurs of being a newlywed.

The martinis came. Orders were placed. Another round of martinis, and everybody was feeling good.

Tasha sipped her drink and gazed around the restaurant pensively. "I think you should conduct your interviews here."

"Definitely." Camille raised her glass as if toasting.

"What interviews?" Lecie asked.

"Husband interviews." Tasha giggled.

"Why would I conduct interviews?" Lecie peered at Tasha through narrowed eyes.

"How else are you going to find a husband for hire?" Camille asked.

"You can't seriously expect that to work out well." Lecie cringed.

"Worked out fine for Julian." Tasha snickered.

Deidra elbowed Lecie. By the time Lecie looked at her, Deidra was staring toward the front door with this mischievous grin spreading across her face. Lecie followed Deidra's gaze and saw Nick and his friend Dean heading straight for them.

Well, not straight for them. They were probably going to Nick's office, but they'd have to pass right by their booth to get there.

When Nick's eyes met Lecie's he smiled and stopped in front of the booth. "Ladies..." He gave the table a friendly once-over before settling his gaze back on Lecie again. "It's always a pleasure to see you. I do hope you enjoy your lunch." Nick nodded and he and Dean moved on toward the office.

Lecie looked away shyly.

"Who's he...?" Tasha asked, practically drooling.

"That is Nick Matthews. He owns this place," Deidra said.

"Hire him." Camille said, still gazing at the office door long after he'd closed it.

"Can't," Deidra said.

"Why not?" Tasha asked.

"Married." Lecie sucked in a breath and blew it back out in a long, sad sigh. "Honeymooners. Remember?"

"Oh, yeah." Camille turned back to look at Lecie. "What about the other one?"

"His friend?" Lecie asked, pointing toward the office. "Dean?"

"Yeah. He married?"

"Not that I'm aware."

"Ask him then," Camille said.

"Are you serious?" Lecie asked.

"Yeah. The married one seems like a nice guy. His friend must be a nice guy, too."

"How do you figure?" Lecie asked.

"Birds of a feather," Tasha said.

"What do birds and feathers have to do with it?" Lecie asked, a bit confused.

"It's simple. Nice guys hang out with other nice guys." Tasha sipped her martini, then added, "So do jerks. You'll rarely find a jerk and a nice guy hanging out together."

This whole marriage thing sounded a lot better when they were talking about it the other day. But today, Lecie wasn't so confident that she could actually find someone to marry her, even if it was temporary.

And Nick's friend...?

Nick leaned against the desk in his office, folded his arms across his chest and stared at Dean. "Beecham is taking it to the board. Everything's going to be fine." He did a one-shouldered shrug. "I'll be able to pay off what I owe the bank and my suppliers, then it'll be business as usual."

"When are they gonna let you know?"

"He said a couple of days."

And there wasn't a moment to spare. Nick could practically feel the antsy breaths of his suppliers breathing down his back.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

NICK STARED AT THE PAYROLL'S account balance on the computer screen. He might get a couple more paydays out of it, if he didn't pay himself. He was surprised that the bank hadn't taken it, but then again it was the restaurant's money. Not his.

Nick's eyes drifted to the bottom right corner of the computer screen, and looked at the date. It'd been three days since he'd met with Phil Beecham. Nick had been hoping to hear back from him yesterday.

Leaning back in his chair, he swabbed his hands over his face. He had to find a solution to his current financial crisis. Neither he nor the restaurant could go on like this for much longer. Walter's foundation was his only hope. And they had to help. After all, it was the inheritance from Walter that'd allowed him to start the restaurant in the first place.

A gentle knock at the opened door pulled Nick's eyes upward. Keri, Hang Ten's hostess smiled, saying, "There's a Phil Beecham here to see you."

Nick closed his eyes, for just a second, and uttered a silent prayer of thanks. He stood and moved out from behind the desk. "Thanks, Keri. Let him in."

Nick leaned against the front of his desk and waited for Phil and his good news. Hopefully, he had a check with him.

Seconds later, Phil entered with an optimistic smile, boosting Nick's confidence. They shook hands, exchanged pleasantries and Nick invited him to sit at one of the chairs in front of his desk. Nick took the other.

"Nick, I've got great news." Phil nodded, and Nick waited eagerly to hear that great news. "The board recognizes the relationship Walter shared with your mother," Phil said. Nick wouldn't exactly call it a relationship, but no matter. He pushed the thought out of his mind just as Phil said, "and because of that, the foundation wants to help you."

Yes, yes... Nick was pleased to hear it, but he needed to know when they'd cut him a check.

"The foundation is prepared to buy Hang Ten from you." Those words weren't at all what Nick had expected to come out of Phil's mouth. Nick was so floored that he hardly heard Phil as he rambled on, "We will give you fair market value. Of course, the market isn't great these days, but you'll be able to pay off your debts, tuck a little something away, and you can still run the restaurant." Phil clasped his hands together. "We will pay you a competitive salary."

"You want to buy Hang Ten from me?" The notion was ringing in Nick's head like a loud bullhorn.

"Yes." Phil nodded. "This is a solution where everybody wins."

Nick's head was still reeling, but he managed to say, "To be honest, Phil, I hadn't considered selling Hang Ten."

"I completely understand," Phil said, but Nick doubted it. He couldn't possibly understand that they were asking him to give up the one thing in this world that he'd done right. He hadn't saved his brother, he couldn't save his mother, and if he didn't save Hang Ten, well then, he'd be a three time loser.

"I'm gonna have to think about this," Nick told Phil.

Phil nodded. "Take a couple of days. But Nick, it is the best offer we can make, and we think, the best one you're going to get."

Nick gave him that much. He didn't exactly have people beating down the door to help him. No one else he could ever hope to sell the restaurant to would want to hire him to run the place.

Nick stood and Phil did the same. "I'll be in touch," Nick said, shaking his hand.

He didn't want to commit to anything just yet. He knew he had little choice in the matter, but he wanted another day or two of being able to say Hang Ten was his. When it came down to the wire, and he was forced to sell out, that would no longer be the case.

On the hillside terrace overlooking the Pacific, a gentle, salt-scented breeze wafted past Lecie. The house was new to her, but she loved it. She loved California. She loved freedom.

Oh, Papa, why must you meddle in other people's lives? She let out a grumble and laid her head back on the sofa cushion.

"Turns out..." Camille said, sitting down on the chair to Lecie's right, "being an adult is rough."

Lecie snorted. "You said it." She propped her shades up on top of her head and looked Camille in the eye. "I really don't want to enter into an arranged marriage."

"Well, no one says you have to."

"I'm not going back to France any time soon, either."

"Not willingly, anyway."

"I keep hoping that Papa will see the light." Lecie giggled, wondering how Camille would feel about her using one of Camille's favorite lines.

To her delight, Camille laughed. Soon though, she was shaking her head. "But you and I both know that's not likely." Camille sucked in a breath and shot Lecie a smile that wavered. "When it comes to you and your brothers, Maurice thinks it's his god-given right to direct your lives. And no matter how old you get, that won't change."

"You seem to have put him in his place."

"Not really," Camille said. "I just figured out how to appease him." She chuckled, then her expression turned serious. "Here's the thing...you need to decide what you're going to do. If you wait until immigration approaches you, it'll be too late."

"Are you telling me to go out and find a husband today?"

"No." Camille shook her head. "You have a choice."

"I do?"

Camille nodded. "Either find a suitable man, or call your mother and tell her you're returning to France with us next week."

"So it's like that, huh?"

"Pretty much." Camille stared toward the ground, closed her eyes for just a second and then looked back up at Lecie. "Unfortunately, this is not one of those times when a person can simply choose to ignore something and it'll go away. Your father isn't going away. He's coming at you full speed ahead."

"As much as I don't like to admit it," Lecie said. "I know that. I don't want it to be so, but you're right...I have to prepare."

Camille shook her head. "I'm not here to talk you into doing something rash. But I promised your brother that by the time I left this country, you'd either be married or returning home to France with me. So you see..." Camille grinned. "I have to make sure you choose the right guy."

Lecie laughed. "Is there a wrong one?"

"Oh, yes." Camille sighed. "Tons of them."

Tell me about it. But when it came to it, there was no right guy for Lecie because Mr. Right was already married. That alone should make her want to run back to France. But it didn't. And even though this would probably turn out badly, she wasn't ready to go, and she'd be damned if she'd let Papa make her.

"Well, then..." Lecie swallowed around the lump in her throat. "Perhaps tomorrow we will start looking."

Either that, or Lecie had better start packing her bags.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

NICK STARED ACROSS THE TABLE at his and Dean's childhood friends, Ken and Jerod. Getting together on Fridays for lunch was a ritual ever since graduating high school. Now that Nick owned a restaurant, that made it even easier. They never needed a reservation or had to worry about waiting for a table.

"I can't believe you're going to have to sell this place," Ken said, gazing around Hang Ten's dining room.

"Don't you have any sort of legal recourse?" Jerod asked the same question that everyone-even Nick-kept asking.

"I went to the police," Nick said. "They said that because I'd made her a joint owner on the accounts there's nothing I can do, other than have a restraining order issued against her. So I did."

"He'd probably get farther with a civil suit," Ken, a paralegal for a top-notch criminal attorney, shrugged and bit into his fully-loaded burger.

Dean gave Ken a hardened glare. "A civil suit. Really? Is that the best you can come up with."

Ken swallowed and said, "I don't make the rules..."

"What she's done is criminal," Jerod said with a determined nod.

"Regardless," Nick's stern tone got their attention. "I made her joint owner on nearly all my accounts." He shrugged. "We were gonna get married for Crissakes." Nick shook his head. Even now, almost two weeks after being dumped at the altar, he still found himself dumbfounded over how naive and gullible he'd been where Ginny was concerned. "It's my own fault." There was nothing or no one to blame except Nick and his own stupidity. "I'm just glad I didn't add her name to Hang Ten's title yet, otherwise, she'd be taking half of this place too." Nick glanced around, realizing he'd been gifted with a bit of luck. Small as it may be, but a little luck nonetheless.

"But the fact remains that Nick needs an out," Dean said, dumping ketchup over his fries. "I realize that legal or civil action may or may not prove gratifying in the end, but right now-" He pointed at Nick. "He needs money. And lots of it. Otherwise, we're going to have to start paying for our lunches."

Chuckles traveled around the table, infecting even Nick. "I've tried everywhere short of a lone shark, guys." Nick shook his head. "I can't get a loan."

"Maybe what you need to do is stop thinking about getting a loan and start thinking about selling a small percentage of the restaurant to a silent partner," Ken suggested. "Not a huge chunk of it. Just enough to pay off the actual debts Ginny racked up for you."

"What about his savings? She wiped him out of well over fifty grand." By the tone of his voice, Dean didn't like the idea of Nick just cutting his losses.

"Look, if Nick wants to retain control of this restaurant," Ken said, "he's going to have to chalk some of this up to lost causes."

Nick started nodding. "Yeah...I see where you're going with this. Find an investor to sell just enough of the restaurant to pay off the bank fees, the line of credit, and the suppliers. But more importantly, Hang Ten is still mine."

Nick ran a quick tally in his head. A hundred and fifty thou should do it. He'd have zip to fall back on, but maybe the bank would let him keep his line of credit.

"Great." Nick clapped his hands together. "Now where am I gonna find an investor in this economy?"

All of Nick's friends' ogling eyes drifted toward the door. He glanced over his shoulder to see what they found so fascinating.

Deidra pulled open the front door of Hang Ten. The cool air blowing past Lecie nearly carried away her courage. Camille and Tasha were sure that Dean was going to accept Lecie's proposal, so long as he wasn't involved with someone. Yeah, right. Since when is a hot guy like Dean not involved?

Lecie was already on the verge of running when she glanced around the restaurant and saw Nick, Dean, and two other guys she'd seen them dining with in the past. Great. Nick and all his friends were here to witness her humiliation.

"Camille," Lecie whispered as they lingered near the "please wait to be seated" sign. "I'm thinking this is not such a great idea."

Camille looked at her with a stoic face. "So you're ready to go home?" she asked. "Back to France?"

No. Lecie wasn't prepared for that either. She felt a groan rumble up her throat. Damn Papa anyway. "All right." She folded her arms at her waist and stiffened. "It's just not that easy."

Keri approached the group, grabbing four menus. "Ladies...how are we today?"

Goods and fines came in staggering replies.

"Your regular booth?" Keri asked, looking at Lecie. She nodded. Keri gestured and cut a path toward the rear of the dining room. Lecie and the others followed.

Once they had settled into the booth and ordered a round of lemon drop martinis, Keri left and all eyes turned to the table off in the corner filled with men.

"The owner of this place...?" Tasha inquired. "What's his name?"

"Married." Lecie cut her eyes to Tasha. "His name is married."

"Well that may be." Tasha giggled. "But he is delicious-" She looked at Camille. "Isn't he?"

"Oh, yeah." Camille said, grinning. "Now we know why Lecie and Deidra like to come here." Both women laughed.

Lecie waved her hand in the air. "Remember me?" she asked. "The sister-in-law...to both of you, I might add."

"Oh, good Lord..." Deidra grumbled, glancing around the restaurant. "There's nothing wrong with looking."

"Thank you." Camille and Tasha said in unison.

Then Camille took it solo, saying, "Guys do it all the time. Why can't we?"

Tasha gave Lecie one of those reproaching looks. "I love your brother dearly, but I can still appreciate a nice looking man when I see one." She smiled and her eyes drifted back over to Nick's table. "Even married ones."

"Speaking of married..." Deidra's eyes fell over the restaurant again, looking troubled. "Where is Ginny? It's not like her to not be here." She gave the guys' table another quick once-over and then looked back at Lecie. "She's always here stalking Nick."

"She doesn't need to stalk him anymore. She's his wife now." Lecie took a sip of her drink to get the bitter taste of her words out of her mouth.

"And if you don't want to head back to France pronto," Tasha said. "You'd better turn into somebody's wife real quick."

Lecie replied, "That's easier said than done."

Tasha shrugged. "You just go up to the guy and say, you want to make a quick, what...hundred thou...for a few months of your time?" She glanced at the table of men, then turned back to Lecie. "He looks like he could put a hundred grand to good use."

"Easier said than done." Lecie repeated her mantra, but with more tenacity this time. She knew what she had to do. She got that she was dealing with Papa-a man who never played fair. Finding a husband, even a temporary one, was her only hope. But that didn't make the task any easier.

"Nonsense." Tasha rolled her eyes.

Lecie nearly laughed out loud and began shaking her head. Easy for Tasha to say, she wasn't the one who had to walk up to Dean and make the proposal.

"Want me to prove it?" Tasha asked.

Lecie narrowed her eyes and studied Tasha. Was she serious? Maybe Lecie should call her bluff. "You going to propose for me?" Lecie chuckled.

Tasha elbowed Camille. "Let me up." She followed Camille out of the booth, stood over the table and said to Lecie, "Watch and learn." She gave Lecie a wink before turning and heading toward the table with Nick and his friends.

The booth of blondes and their lone brunette friend had been a favorable topic at the guys' table, ever since they'd walked in. Dean didn't miss the fact that Nick's eyes were staying on the cute little blonde a little longer than usual today. The one who'd been coming into the restaurant for the last few weeks with the darker haired girl. He took it as a good sign that Nick was showing some interest in a new woman. Maybe she could help him move on.

From the corner of his eye, Dean caught sight of the bombshell of the bunch heading their way. He was surprised when she walked straight up to him, bent down and said, "Could I have a word with you?" She straightened back up, looked him in the eye, and added, "at the bar?"

He glanced at her hands, her left one in particular. She had this big honking diamond on a certain finger. Probably married to some old geezer and was out looking for a little afternoon delight. "Sure thing, honey." He slid his chair back as he stood, puffed out his chest, and looked at the other guys, grinning.

The bombshell leaned against the bar and Dean did the same, deciding to let her take the lead. Better that she thought she was in charge.

"Are you married?" she asked in a friendly enough voice.

"What difference does it make?" he inquired with a smile and a measure of charm.

"Are you married?" she asked again, a little firmer this time.

Okay, so she was the controlling type. But he had news for her-he wasn't going for none of this weird-ass tying up shit. Dean shook his head. "But you are." He pointed to her left hand.

"Forget about me." She waved her hand between them as if nixing that whole idea. "Are you seriously involved with anyone?"

"No." Dean was answering now more for sport than anything else. She'd gotten his attention, and his curiosity was willing to let her take him wherever she wanted.

"Good." She moved off the bar. "Stay here. My friend will be right with you."

With that, she went back to her table, stood over it and she and the cute little blonde who was newly on Nick's radar started chatting. About what, Dean couldn't hear, but he had a feeling he was about to find out.

"He's not married and he's not involved." Tasha's unbending voice delivered her words straight to the point. "Get your butt over there and talk to him. Find out if he could be the right man for the job." Her tone eased up and she giggled.

"Right now?" Lecie's fear escaped with her words. "What'll I say?"

"Oh, I don't know." Tasha paused, as if thinking about it. "Have you ever been arrested? You're not a serial killer, are you?"

"Like he'd tell me." Lecie huffed as Deidra nudged her out of the booth.

"If you're ready to go back to France..." Tasha waved dramatically at the booth. "Then by all means, have a seat."

Lecie practically stomped her way to the bar where Nick's best friend was waiting for her. She stole a glance at Nick's table. He and his other friends were watching intently. Back at the bar, Dean wore the face of curiosity.

Lecie hopped up on a bar stool next to him and tried to smile, finding it oddly curious how hard that was. It wasn't every day that she asked a stranger on a date-much less to marry her.

"Afternoon." His own smile changed from one of arrogance to something more along the lines of caution. "You and your friends..." He glanced at the booth, then back to Lecie. "You bored? Got a bet going on?"

Lecie let out a big sigh. "This was a bad idea." She prepared to jump off the stool, but Dean's gentle hand on her arm calmed her.

"You're not from around here, are you?" he asked in a gentle, playful way.

"No." She settled back onto the stool. "But this is still a bad idea," she added, shaking her head.

"You and your friend have already made me look like a fool," he said, as if the joke was on him. "Don't I at least get to know why?"

Lecie hadn't considered that. She knew all about looking like an idiot, and she didn't want to knowingly put anyone in that position. "See..." She gestured toward the booth where Deidra, Camille and Tasha were all watching their every move. "We're all from France."

Dean shook his head. "The chick who was just here is an American."

"Yes...but she's married to my brother." Lecie shuffled her eyes back and forth between the booth and Dean. "The one sitting beside her is married to my other brother."

"I see," he said, but the look on his face suggested otherwise.

"Anyway..." Lecie looked around, wishing she'd brought her drink with her. "Any chance you want to make a hundred grand for a few months of your time?"

He looked like he wanted to say something, but couldn't. Every couple of seconds, Lecie thought a smile was going to break out on his mouth, but it never did. Finally, after what seemed an eternity, he said, "Doing what? Is it legal?"

She thought about it. "Mostly." Although immigration probably wouldn't like it much.

"Doing what?"

"I need someone to marry me," she said. "Just for a few months, though."

Dean tilted his head and stared at her like she was crazy. "Let me get this straight...you're gonna pay somebody to marry you for a few months?"

She nodded. "How does one hundred grand sound?"

"A hundred grand?" he asked, as if it was the nuttiest thing he'd ever heard.

"Okay, two hundred and fifty thousand." She raised her hand between them. "Up front. The minute you sign the marriage license."

"Let me guess..." He gave her a hard glare. "You have tons of money, problem is you can't access it right now. But if I can come up with say ten grand, you'll be able to get to it. Am I close?"

"No." Lecie shook her head, mildly insulted by his insinuation. "I can get to my money just fine. I'm talking about a business deal. Six months of your time in exchange for two hundred and fifty thousand dollars. No funding on your part. No strings attached, except that to immigration the marriage must appear real." She sucked in a breath, feeling completely humiliated. "Six months, quarter of a million dollars. What do you say?"

"Who put you up to this?" he asked, then looked over his shoulder and pointed at Nick. "Is this your idea of a joke?"

Nick strolled over and asked, "What's going on?"

"Hey..." Dean kept pointing at Nick but looked at Lecie. "He's the one who needs money. Marry him."

"What?" Nick said, almost laughing.

Lecie's eyes darted between the two of them and settled on Dean. "He's already married." Her gaze wandered over to Nick, "aren't you?"

Nick hesitated, then said, "No. That...didn't happen." He looked a little uncomfortable, but quickly seemed to regain control of his senses. "But never mind that. What are you two cooking up?"

Dean grabbed Lecie's hand and pulled her off the stool. "Let's talk in your office," he said to Nick.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

NICK FOLLOWED DEAN AND THE GIRL into his office and shut the door. He looked at her, stuck his hand out and said, "Nick Matthews. I own this joint." For now, muddled through his thoughts. Nick backhanded Dean's gut. "This bozo is Dean Triplett."

"Lecie de Laurent," she said, in near perfect English, but her gaze held firm with Nick's. He couldn't place her accent, maybe a cross between French and English, if that's possible. One thing was certain though, she looked nervous as hell.

"Somebody want to start from the beginning and tell me what's going on?" Nick asked.

"It's simple," Dean said. "You need money. She has money. She wants to give some to you." He looked at Lecie. "Two hundred and fifty grand, you said, right?" He waited until she nodded, then he looked back at Nick. "All you gotta do is marry her for six months. She'll pay as soon as you say, 'I do.'"

"What?" Nick blurted out.

"Oh, there is just one other thing..." she said with hardly any confidence at all. "You'll have to live in my house for the duration of the marriage." She shrugged. "Immigration and all."

"What?" Nick said again, his voice even more strained than the first time.

"It's the answer to your prayers, man." Dean nodded. "You can solve all your problems with two little words." Dean stood there looking at Nick like he'd discovered electricity or something.

Nick folded his arms over his chest, cut his eyes at Dean and said, "Shut up."

"Just two." Dean wiggled two fingers in the air. "Two little words."

"I'm not joking," Nick said.

"Say it with me." Dean nodded, then said with pronounced enunciation, "I do."

Dean's big mouth egging this girl on wasn't helping. Nick grabbed his arm and pulled him toward the door. "You need to get out. Now." He shoved him out into the restaurant's dining room.

"Don't blow it," Dean said just above his breath. "This girl is the answer to your prayers."

Or my worst nightmare. Nick took the time to close the door slowly, just to give the last few minutes time to really sink in. Once the door was shut he had no choice but to turn around to face her.

The poor girl was standing there stunningly gorgeous, and looking completely unsure about the proposal Dean had laid down between them.

But there was something in her brilliant blue eyes. Something vulnerable and hopeless and sad. She looked about as desperate for a husband, albeit a fake one, as Nick was for money-the real stuff.

And Nick had to wonder why?

Lecie looked at Nick, wondering what in God's name had happened. Where was Ginny and why weren't they married? She wanted to ask but couldn't find the courage.

"Look, I know I'm asking a lot." Her fear shredded her words. "But I need help and I'm willing to pay for it."

"You mentioned immigration," he said.

She nodded, hesitated, striving to find the right words. "My father is trying to force me to come home."

"You father can have you deported?"

She nodded.

"You haven't committed a crime, have you?" he asked cautiously.

She sucked in a breath. "My only crime is defying Papa."

"Miss de Laurent," he said her name, mangling it with a decidedly American pronunciation. "You want to sit down?" He gestured toward the chairs in front of his desk.

"Sure." She sat and he did the same. Right across from her. "Call me Lecie."

"All right," he said. "If you'll call me Nick."

She smiled, feeling the heat crawling up her neck. "Look, I understand if you want to turn me down. Your fiancee wouldn't understand at all."

"Well, I don't have a fiancee anymore," he said. "And I really wish I could help you out. Lord knows you could help me." He shook his head, like he was trying to convince himself of something. But of what, she wasn't sure.

"We could help each other," she said hopefully.

"We could." Then he smiled a sad sort of smile. "But I couldn't in good conscience take money from you like that." He shook his head. "It just wouldn't be right."

"There's nothing dishonorable about being hired to provide a service." Even as she said it, she knew it wouldn't do a bit of good. Nick Matthews was one of those upstanding types, she could tell. He'd never use a woman, and he'd never want to be portrayed as having done so.

Nick opened the office door and escorted Lecie out into the restaurant. He rested his hand on the small of her back, her blonde hair caressing the back of his hand as he guided her to her table where the other women waited anxiously.

He almost felt bad about turning her down, but something inside him said it wasn't right to take money from her.

"I hope we'll continue to see you here at Hang Ten," he said to her with a smile.

She looked at him as if she wanted to say something, make one more bid for her case. But she didn't. She didn't say anything. She just gave a smile that filled his heart with hope and looked at her friends and gave them an it's a no-go kind of shrug.

Nick pushed himself to walk away, to let her save face. It wasn't every day that a girl as beautiful as her got turned down when two-hundred and fifty grand was part of the deal.

He headed back to the table where only Dean remained. Ken and Jerod probably had to get back to work. Nick totally understood that.

"So...?" Dean asked as Nick sat down.

He was surprised that Dean even had to ask. "I turned her down."

"Are you crazy?" Dean grilled Nick.

"I may be crazy," Nick defended his actions. "But I'm not a cad."

"You're an idiot, is what you are."

"I'm not taking that girl's money," Nick argued. "It wouldn't be right."

"Why not? She's trying to buy a husband. And if anybody ever needed to be bought, it's you." Dean shook his head and shot Nick a frown. "This girl gave you a solution and you threw it back in her face."

"Well, it's not quite as bad as all that."

Lecie and her friends filed out of the booth and headed for the door. The bombshell took the long way around so she could pass by the guys' table. She stopped long enough to place a card on the table in front of Nick. "If you change your mind..." she said, but didn't wait for a response from him. As she disappeared outside, Nick picked up the card, looked at it. It had her name and a cell phone number on it. Nick stuffed it into the glass of the unlit candle sitting in the center of the table.

Dean fished it out, looked at it and stuck it in his pocket. "Are you nuts?"

Nick shook his head and laughed. "As pretty as she is. As enticing as a quarter of a mil is...it's a bad idea."

"I only have one thing to say to you..." Dean's voice trailed off.

When he didn't finish his statement, Nick asked, "What's that?"

"How are you gonna like working for somebody else?"

The one thing that Dean wasn't saying, but Nick knew full well was on his mind...what was going to happen to the community center when Nick sold the Hang Ten to the foundation?

Would they continue to champion Nick's cause? Nick didn't have to ask. He already knew the answer to that, which made turning down Lecie de Laurent's two-hundred-and-fifty thousand dollar proposition that much harder.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

DEAN PROPPED HIS HANDS on the outer edge of Nick's desk, leaned in toward him and asked, "Have you signed the papers yet?" He wore a look that bordered on terror, which was about how Nick felt.

The foundation's offer was looking less and less attractive by the minute. Who knew the very organization that'd indirectly provided him with the means to build Hang Ten-through his inheritance from Walter-would turn around and try to steal it out from him the minute he got into a bind. A bind that was not of his own doing.

Their fair market offer, as it turned out, was anything but. He'd come out of the deal with scarcely enough cash to pay off the suppliers, the bank fees, and the line of credit. Forget about his savings. His annual salary was adequate, although not fantastic, but it was progressive, dependent upon inflation. He could, however, live in the loft above the restaurant free of charge. And the community center would receive a three thousand dollar a month stipend for as long as Nick worked at Hang Ten. That was less than Nick had been providing, but he was lucky to get anything for the center in the deal.

In some weird way, it did help to know he could have the job for as long as he wanted, provided the restaurant turned an annual profit, but it also felt like a ball and chain. Because of the community center, he'd have a hard time moving on.

But this was the price Nick was going to have to pay if he wanted Kevin's legacy to live on. And that was the important thing to Nick right now-saving the center. It was all he had left.

"No." Nick hadn't signed those papers. He hadn't even been able to utter a verbal agreement. He might already have lost Hang Ten, but he just couldn't bring himself to say it out loud. "I haven't signed the papers." He sucked in a breath. "I know I have to, but I can't keep putting it off." He let out a helpless shrug. "The suppliers are going to stop making deliveries if I don't do something soon."

"Don't do it." Dean's expression insisted, right along with his words. "Not this deal. Not with the foundation."

"Why not?"

"You were only gonna do it because they agreed to help the community center." Dean's shoulders slumped, and he looked away, defeated. "The community center is as good as dead."

"Look, I know three grand a month is hardly enough to keep it running, but we'll find aid somewhere else."

Dean shook his head. "It doesn't matter. Juno Properties is selling the land the center sits on."

Selling the land? Nick's heart pounded against his chest. "How much?"

Dean said, "We have forty-five days to come up with eight hundred grand. After that, it's going on the market for 1.2 million."

At that precise moment, Nick knew what it felt like to have your world fall completely apart. Eight hundred grand. It might as well be 1.2 million because Nick couldn't come up with either.

"Damn it!" Nick knocked that stupid fat cat off his desk that Ginny had bought him. The crystal paperweight hit the floor with a loud crash and fractured in to pieces. What the hell? Were all the forces in the universe lining up against him to take him down-permanently?

Nick leaned back in his chair and looked around the office. He sure had some shitty-ass luck. Everything in this office was going to belong, very soon, to someone else. There was no way he could take the foundation's offer now. No point.

"You know what you have to do, don't you?" Dean asked, still leaning across Nick's desk.

"Yeah." Nick nodded "I have to put Hang Ten on the market. Sell her to the highest bidder," he said in a voice that was quickly losing power. "After paying off my debts, maybe I'll have enough left over to go start a little cafe in some obscure little town or something."

"No, no, no..." Dean shook his head. "You're gonna call that chick. The rich one." He looked Nick straight in the eye. "You're gonna accept her offer. After that, we'll figure out a way to save the community center. We've got forty-five days."

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

GERARD BROUGHT A PITCHER OF iced tea and four glasses out to the terrace just outside the living room. Lecie, Deidra, Camille, and Tasha were enjoying the afternoon watching the children.

They'd bought a little kiddie pool at a shop not far from Lecie's house, brought it home and filled it up with about eight inches of water. It had a slide on one side and a dragon that spewed water on the other. Juliana and James were having a grand time with their new toy.

Gerard set the tray on the table and began pouring tea into the glasses. "Lois," he said of the cook he'd insisted on hiring, "asked me to inquire about dinner this evening. Will you all be dining in, or will it just be the children and the nanny again?"

Dinner? The thought hadn't even crossed Lecie's mind, nor had any of the others talked about it. Her eyes traveled around the group and then back to Gerard. "Tell Lois that we'll be dining in this evening." She looked back at her guests. "Six-thirty sound okay?"

"Perfect," Camille said. "But let's feed the children a little earlier. Say five?"

Lecie looked back at Gerard. "There you have it."

He tipped his chin and backed away. He was so formal. Even though she was used to that sort of thing, she still found it amusing having her very own, do-everything-by-the-book butler.

"I really don't know why I need this guy," she said. "Or Lois for that matter."

"I think it's a good idea to have Gerard here," Camille said. "Especially once you get married. I mean, we can only assume that our judgment is good in our quest to find you a husband." She shrugged. "But when it comes down to it, it's better to be safe than sorry."

Lecie hadn't thought of that. The man she married would have to live in her house for as long as the marriage lasted. It would have been so much easier if Nick Matthews or Dean Triplett had agreed to this charade. At least she felt like she knew them, even if she didn't. Not really. But, at the end of the day, she thought she would've been safe with either of them.

"Point taken," Lecie said. "But how am I supposed to find someone acceptable?" She watched the children in the pool just so she wouldn't have to look Tasha and Camille in the eye. If they looked into her eyes, they might see the insecure idiot hiding behind them. "I don't want every weirdo in the state knocking on my door because of a quarter of a million dollars."

"We could always try dating sites," Tasha piped up.

"That's a disaster waiting to happen." Camille laughed.

"Maybe we should just try a good, old-fashioned "help wanted" ad?" Tasha nodded eagerly.

Lecie's belief that this idiotic plan could work deflated. If her prospective husband was looking for a job, that meant he didn't have one. If he didn't have a job, he'd be here. All day. With her. She didn't like that idea any more than going back home with Camille and Tasha next week.

"This is not going to work," Deidra said, confirming Lecie's fears.

"She'd better pray otherwise." Tasha snorted.

And Lecie knew, just like everybody else on the terrace, that if it didn't work, she'd be on the next flight back to France.

Lecie let out a long sigh, her shoulders drooping, and dropped her head into her hand. Still cradling her forehead, she looked at the others and said, "Why can't my father just let me live my life?"

None of the adults said anything for at least ten seconds, then all three of Lecie's companions burst into laughter at the same time.

"So...what's it going to be?" Tasha asked. "A help wanted ad or a dating service?" Her cell phone chimed, interrupting the groaning that was making its way up Lecie's throat. Tasha grabbed her phone off the table, checked the display and frowned, but answered the call anyway. "Tasha de Laurent," she said her name eloquently with her American-influenced French accent.

Lecie and Deidra, and even Camille-even though she said it the same way-chuckled over Tasha's enunciation. Thankfully, de Laurent was about the only thing that'd ever come out of Camille and Tasha's mouths with them trying to sound French.

"Yes, it is." Seconds later Tasha waved her hands in the air at Lecie and pointed to the phone.

Lecie gave her a one-sided shrug that oftentimes accompanied the unspoken inquiry. What?

"Why, hell yes, she wants to talk to you!" Tasha said, a little too giddy to suit Lecie.

Lecie mouthed the words, who is that?

Tasha ignored her, and said into the phone, "Can you come by the house?" She waited, listening. "Sure, that's fine. Come around six. We're having dinner at six-thirty." More listening, then Tasha laughed. "Nonsense. We'd love to have you. Believe me, it's no intrusion." More listening, then Tasha snapped her fingers at Lecie, saying, "what's the address here?"

Lecie rattled it off and Tasha relayed it to the caller, then ended the call with an eager, "We'll see you about six." After disconnecting the call, she looked at Lecie with an oversized grin.

"Who was that?" Lecie asked in a sharp tone.

"That..." Tasha said, quirking an eyebrow and smiling. "Was Prince Charming."

CHAPTER NINETEEN

NICK HADN'T ADEQUATELY PREPARED HIMSELF for what he'd walked into at this house for the ultra-rich that just so happened to be located less than a mile from Hang Ten.

Dinner had been awkward-although Dean would've enjoyed being the only man at a table with four beautiful women-but Nick couldn't seem to find his comfort zone, knowing that one of these women practically held his future in her hands.

The sisters-in-law had encouraged Nick and Lecie to take their dessert on the terrace, where they could discuss the fine points of their proposed arrangement in private.

Stepping through the opening for the sliding glass door, the sun had not yet set but its glare had been masked by the weeping willow and palm trees at the back of the yard. This late spring evening held an unusual chill in the air.

Lecie sat down on the terrace's sofa, so Nick took the chair to her right. Close enough to talk without yelling, but still far enough away that they could both avoid a crowded feeling.

She drew her arms up against her sides and shivered. Nick asked, "Are you cold?"

"It's a little chilly," she said. She was trying not to smile, he could tell, but even so, a slight grin had begun to break on the corners of her mouth.

He glanced at the fire pit, then back to her. "Would you like me to build a fire?" he asked. She looked like she was about ready to run for the hills. Nick didn't want that. "It won't take long, and I promise I won't overstay my welcome."

The smile she'd been trying so hard to restrain spread across her luscious lips. "That'd be great." She ran her tongue over her bottom lip and Nick about died. "And don't worry about overstaying your welcome. The person who accepts my offer will have to live here." She looked around, and Nick tried to expel the carnal thoughts invading his head. "At least for as long as the marriage lasts."

He ignored her last statement. It was far too surreal to consider that he could allow this sort of thing to happen. But he had to find a way to save the community center. That'd never happen if he lost Hang Ten.

Kneeling in front of the fire pit, he fished some kindling out of the box sitting at its side. After a couple of minutes he had fire.

"So why would a beautiful girl such as yourself need to hire a husband?" he asked, nursing the fire. From the looks of this place, and the fact that she was offering him a quarter of a million bucks to marry her, it's not like she needed anyone's financial support.

"It's a long story," she said, and dropped it at that.

"And one I think I deserve to know if I'm gonna marry you over it." He put the poker back in the box and returned to his chair. "You need a green card for work or something?"

"Why would you think that?" Her face remained stoic. Nick couldn't tell if she was put out by that notion, or if she had no idea what a green card was.

"Well it's pretty obvious that you're not from around here." He let out a nervous chuckle. Nick didn't need to piss this girl off. Now that he'd accepted his fate-that she was his only hope-he needed to stay in her favor. "Love the accent, by the way. Where is it...France?" It was the obvious choice, but truth be told, Nick wouldn't know a French accent from a Belgium one.

"Yes," she said. "Marseilles. Although I spent a lot of time at school in England."

"I thought French people hated the Brits." He winked at her. "Or is that Americans?" He chuckled. "Seriously...why are you doing this? What's got you so spooked that you think you need to get married?"

"My father wants me to come home."

This girl was legal, wasn't she? "How old are you, Lecie?" He'd just better go ahead and find that out right now. She looked like she was in her early twenties, but looks could be deceiving. Nick didn't need that kind of headache on top of everything else that was going on.

"Twenty-three," she said.

That's a relief. Nick sucked in a breath to calm his nerves. "So what's he gonna do...?" Nick asked of her father. "Cut you off?" But that didn't make sense. How was cutting her off going to change if she got married?

"He wishes he could cut me off." Lecie laughed, and that only confused Nick more. She must've seen it because she got serious and started talking again. "I am financially independent from my parents. So..." She shrugged. "Papa has to resort to drastic measures-having me deported-to get me to come home. And as my mother says..." She glanced at Nick and gave him a playful grin. "I am my father's daughter."

"And you're willing to give away a quarter of a million dollars just so you can defy your father?" Nick still wasn't buying it. Her offer, plainly put, sounded too good to be true.

She didn't say anything for a few seconds, but held the most serious look on her face. When she finally did speak, her eyes drifted up to Nick's as she talked. "Well...I suppose that is it, in a nutshell, as my American sisters-in-law would say."

Damn. She must have a lot of money if she could easily give away a quarter of a mil without batting an eye.

Nick didn't know what had caused it, but suddenly he was overcome with intoxication for her scheme. Maybe it was the allure of the money, the thought of clearing his debts away so he could concentrate on the community center, or maybe it had something to do with the way the fire pit cast this faint glow over Lecie, making her beauty divinely enticing.

Whether it was one or all those things combined, Nick looked at her and said, "Okay. I'm in." He nodded. "If you'll have me." He was agreeing, yet his skepticism was still firmly rooted in his head. "But I'm gonna need a little more than your word that once we're married, I won't end up with a check that'll bounce like a rubber ball." He chuckled to ease the sting of his words, but he was completely serious. He wanted to be able to call the bank and his suppliers tomorrow and tell them they'd have their money, paid in full, next week.

Lecie couldn't help feeling empathy for Nick. He was a man with a bruised ego. "My attorney is drawing up a prenup that basically states you are entitled to two hundred and fifty thousand dollars upon our marriage, and when we divorce you will not be entitled to any more than the initial payment," she said. "But if it makes you feel better, we can visit my bank tomorrow where I'll have a cashier's check drawn up and made out to you...which you'll get as soon as we say, I do."

He nodded. "That's agreeable."

"I still have a few reservations, though," she said with a slight tinge of doubt.

"Okay," he said calmly. "What can I do to put you at ease?"

"You do understand that you'll have to live here at my house for the duration of the marriage, right?"

"Yes." He nodded. "I get that this marriage must appear real to immigration." He paused, his brown eyes probing her with this intense gaze that turned her inside out. "Trust me... everyone we meet will wholeheartedly believe that I tripped over you at the restaurant and got swept off my feet."

Damn, he's good. Lecie felt herself swooning. Well, if he could do this to her, maybe he'd be able to accomplish the same thing if Papa managed to get immigration to come snooping around. Hopefully though, it wouldn't come to that.

Nick said, as if he were thinking out loud, "Maybe everybody'll start thinking you're the reason Ginny and I didn't get married."

"What happened?" Lecie couldn't stop herself from asking. "Why didn't you two get married?"

Nick let out a bit of a groan, then said, "I'd really rather not talk about it."

"Well..." She'd been waiting for the opportunity to toss his own philosophy back at him. "If I'm going to give you two hundred and fifty thousand dollars..." She paused and looked him square in the eye. "I think I have a right to know if there's somebody out there who can foil my plans."

"Fair enough." Nick gave her a conceding nod. Even when he was annoyed, he was still strikingly handsome. Golden highlights in his chestnut-brown hair glistened under the fire's glow. His matching brown eyes sparkled with a tawny hue. He was unbelievably handsome, looking like he belonged on the cover of GQ, rather than sitting here in her backyard discussing an arranged, and temporary, marriage. "What do you want to know?"

She wanted to know why they hadn't gotten married, but obviously he was avoiding that question. Lecie gave it time to ramble around in their heads a bit, then asked, "What if she comes back? And you're married to me." She stuck her forefinger in her own chest. "I can't imagine that's going to go over well."

Nick shook his head. "She's not coming back." There was an eerie finality in his tone. He was so sure, and she wanted to know why.

"How do you know?" she asked. "It hasn't been that long. Give her another couple of weeks...time to really start missing you..." Lecie giggled to hide her own desire for him.

She couldn't be happier that Nick and Ginny hadn't gotten married, for whatever reason. Lecie couldn't be more grateful for whatever had or hadn't passed between them that caused the wedding to be called off. But she had to remember, Nick looked heartbroken, and she guessed that he probably was. After all, he'd thought enough of Ginny to ask her to marry him. Lecie had to remember to be sensitive about that.

"Trust me," Nick said. "You and I, in our arranged and completely platonic marriage...we're more likely to have a child than see Ginny walk back into the picture."

Well, whatever had transpired between the two of them, at least for Nick, it appeared to be over.

That was good enough for Lecie. And once she and Nick got to know one another...who knew what could happen?

CHAPTER TWENTY

NICK GUIDED HIS TRUCK INTO the driveway at Lecie's house. They'd just come from the bank, and he'd been a little more than shocked when the teller issued a cashier's check for two hundred and fifty grand-made out to him. Nick Matthews. The only time he'd ever seen that much money at once was when he'd gotten the inheritance from Walter.

He looked at Lecie and smiled. They truly did come from different worlds. "I've got to get to the restaurant," he said. "Make sure everything's running smoothly."

"You're coming over tonight, right?" she said in a sweet voice.

They'd already discussed it, and decided it might carry more weight if he appeared to have been staying at the house every spare minute since they'd "met", even before their whirlwind wedding tomorrow.

"Yeah." He nodded. "I'll bring some of my stuff over. I'll try not to be too late. The kids will probably be tired out after a day at the beach."

Lecie let out a sigh. "I hope they didn't run into any paparazzi down there. They like to roam the beaches around here, hoping to spot a celebrity or two." She looked away shyly, as if almost embarrassed. "And they show a keen interest in my brothers and their wives."

"But not you?" Nick found that curiously odd.

She shook her head. "My brothers used to be jet-setting playboys." She laughed as if she were revealing some scandalous secret. "The press has always been interested in their activities. But I'm not sure the media even knows who I am. I was the sheltered one, being the only girl. This is my first trip to America." She opened the door and stepped down onto the ground.

"Well..." Nick mused, "if they did run into any paparazzi at the beach, I'm sure Tasha gave them hell." He chuckled. That woman was a firecracker. One he would not want to tangle with.

"Yeah..." Lecie paused and took on a stern look before saying in a perfect American accent, "She don't take no crap from nobody." And Nick knew she was imitating Tasha.

Amused, Nick shook his head, and said, "I won't be late." He shifted the truck in reverse, and Lecie closed the door. He watched her amble up to the front door. The blue dress she wore showed off her slender body and her long legs. Her hips swayed as she walked. Her blonde hair glistened in the moonlight. No, it wouldn't be hard to convince anybody that he'd fallen head over heels, madly in love with her. He might end up looking like a cad to some, those who would assume that Lecie was the reason he and Ginny didn't get married, but better to be thought of as a cad than a loser who'd been left at the altar.

Minutes after Lecie had disappeared inside the house, Nick finally headed out. He knew he shouldn't be partaking in this scheme of hers-taking money from her like this-but she was a sweet girl and he liked her. And she was entirely too naive. If he backed out she wouldn't stop, and worse yet, she might run across some guy who'd do to her what Ginny had done him. Only difference was, Nick was pretty sure that Lecie had a lot more to lose.

One good thing about all this was that her house was technically within walking distance of the Hang Ten. On the drive over, Nick had barely had time to collect his thoughts when he rolled into the crowded parking lot and parked in his spot. The one designated "No Parking".

The place was busy, as usual. That was good. He went inside, into his office, and sat down behind his desk and began tallying up numbers.

A few hours later, between numerous interruptions from the staff and several phone calls-none of them from Lecie-he deduced that after paying off what he owed his suppliers, the bank fees, and the line of credit, he should have around a hundred grand left. Maybe that'd be enough for the bank to take him seriously and extend a loan for the community center and its land.

Nick pushed away from the keyboard and rubbed his hands over his face. He needed a drink. He got up, glancing at his watch. 4:30. He planned to head out to Lecie's around seven, so he figured he had plenty of time for the alcohol to wear off.

While heading to the bar, Nick surveyed the restaurant's dining room. Jerry Parker and his mistress were at a table near the bar. Regulars. They came in once a week, like clockwork. All the way up from L.A. Nick supposed it was because the likelihood of Jerry's wife showing up here wasn't good.

Nick strolled over to say hello. "Parker, it's good to see you again-" Whoa! When Jerry turned to face him, Nick was drawn instantly to the shiner taking shape around the guy's eye. "You've had a little mishap, I see," Nick said, shaking Jerry's hand and nodding to the mistress.

"Some broad clocked me down at the beach." Jerry laughed, like it was no big deal. "She was a little irate that I was taking pictures of her kids."

That might've come across as a little perverse, except that Jerry was a freelance photographer who made his living stalking celebrities around southern California. "You'd better take care of that," Nick said, and walked away. His cell phone rang as he glanced over his shoulder and gave Jerry one last piece of advice, "Put a steak on it." He laughed, reaching for the phone on his belt clip. He leaned against the bar, looked at Pete and said, "Give me a draft, would you?" Then he clicked the call on and laid his cell against his ear. "Nick Matthews."

He wouldn't have known it was Lecie if not for the accent. "Oh my God, Nick!" The girl was frantic. "You're never going to believe it. Tasha's been arrested."

"What?" Nick struggled to restrain the surprise in his voice.

"She caught some photographer taking pictures of the kids at the beach. She literally punched him in the face. Camille says he's going to have a black eye." He could hear her trying to catch her breath. "The police just showed up here and arrested Tasha. What do I do?"

Nick could hear Camille in the background, saying, "I'm going to call Julian."

Must be Lecie's brother.

"Do we have to?" Lecie asked, and Nick knew she wasn't talking to him.

He looked at Jerry Parker. Nick didn't need to be a math whiz to add this up. "Tell her not to call anyone," he said to Lecie. "I'll take care of this." He ended the call and stalked back over to Jerry. Leaning down, he said calmly, "That broad from the beach is my sister-in-law." He straightened up, eyes still glued to Jerry. "What do you say you and I talk in my office."

Jerry stood, looking a little nervous. Good, Nick thought as he led him into his office.

"Look..." Jerry said the minute the door closed. "I didn't know she was your sister-in-law." A fearful look crossed his face. That meant he knew exactly who he was photographing.

"You had her arrested?" Nick tossed some extra anger at him, just to let him know he was serious.

"Hey, man, I'm sorry." He threw his hands up in surrender. "I'm just trying to make a living."

"Okay...what'll the papers give you? Five, six hundred?" Nick asked with a shrug. "I'll give you a thousand." He tallied the numbers in his head quickly. He'd been saving that money for Molina's Bakery on Friday. But considering that he and Lecie were getting married tomorrow, by Friday he'd have plenty of money for Tony. "And I want the memory card, too."

"For only a grand?" Parker objected.

"Let me put it this way..." Nick said with a bite. "You wouldn't want your wife to find out about your weekly visits up this way, would you?"

"That's not even cool."

"Neither is what you're doing to my sister-in-law."

"All right. A grand and we have a deal."

"I want the memory card now." Nick dangled his hand between them. "And if I find out you've kept a single copy of those pictures, I'm gonna call your wife."

Lecie paced the length of the couch in the living room. Tasha was home now, but mad as hell, and threatening to call Andre.

"Nick said he'd take care of it," Lecie tried to reason with her. "You were released...and all charges were dropped."

"I want those damn pictures." She was adamant, but cordial enough, Lecie knew, because Tasha was talking to her. If it'd been anybody else, except maybe Camille, Tasha would've let them have it by now.

Camille laid a hand on Tasha's arm. "Let's just wait and see what Nick says when he gets home." She looked at Lecie. "He did say he'd take care of it. Let's give him a chance." She nodded and then looked back to Tasha. "You never know."

"All right." Tasha dropped onto the couch and let her fingertips tap out her anxiety on her lap.

Camille shook her head at Lecie. "Tasha's simply forgotten how resourceful working class Americans can be," she said proudly.

"That's true." Tasha looked at Lecie. "We really know how to get things done." She shook her fist and laughed.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

AT A QUARTER AFTER SIX, the doorbell rang. Lecie headed for the door only to be cut off by Gerard. She threw her hands in the air, growled and headed back into the living room. Having him around, when she'd just gotten used to doing things for herself, was at times a bit annoying.

"Ah, Mr. Matthews." Gerard's greeting flowed into the living room.

Lecie spun around and headed back toward the entryway to meet Nick. She reached for his hands, ignoring how good they felt, and asked, "Are you responsible for Tasha's release?"

"She's here then...?" He entwined their fingers, absentmindedly caressing hers.

She nodded, feeling the heat creeping up her neck. "I'm sorry." She pulled her hands from his and looked away. "I'm just so grateful," she said, fumbling around the words. "You didn't have to get involved in my family troubles."

She went back to the living room and he followed.

"Nick!" Camille and Tasha were instantly on their feet, rushing across the room to greet him.

"Sorry I'm late, ladies." He could've been speaking to any or all of them, for all Lecie knew. "I had a bit of a crisis at the restaurant that needed my attention before I could leave for the evening."

"My, aren't we modest...?" Camille said, completely enamored.

"You're not going to get arrested next, are you?" Tasha asked playfully.

Nick chuckled and shook his head. He reached into his pocket and came out with a regular size envelope. "You'll find the memory cards that were in photographer's camera and camera case in this envelope."

Tasha's mouth dropped open as she slipped the envelope from Nick's hand. She looked inside and then back up at him. "Thank you," she said softly.

"You're welcome."

She glanced back up at Nick with a hint of anxiety shading her blue eyes darker. "You don't suppose he has copies, do you?"

"I couldn't say," Nick said. "But Parker knows me well enough to know what I'll do to him if those photographs show up in any newspapers, magazines or anywhere online." Nick gave Tasha a nod and a soothing glance. "And he wouldn't dare have me arrested."

"Well..." Tasha's voice exuded confidence and relief. "Whatever you've got on Mr. Parker, you have my undying gratitude." She flicked the envelope against the fingertips of her other hand as she waltzed back to the couch and plopped down.

Nick looked at Lecie. "Can I talk to you?" he asked in a lowered voice.

"Sure," she said, and waited for him to say something. When he didn't, she added, "you want to talk out on the terrace?"

He nodded. "That'd be fine."

Neither of them said anything on the way out. Nick closed the sliding glass door and Lecie became overwhelmed with a feeling of doom. He couldn't, wouldn't, walk out on her now. Would he?

"Is everything okay?" she asked.

"I don't want you to worry," he said, and smiled. "But I've been thinking..." His words trail off.

Was Tasha being arrested for assaulting the press too much for him? Did he not want to get mixed up with this crazy family? And better yet, what did he have on this Parker guy? It wasn't like Nick had any money to buy him off. Nick was up to his ears in debt. He hadn't wanted to tell her that, but Davis had looked into him, probably because he'd been ordered to by Julian. Lecie didn't kid herself for a minute that her big brother didn't know everything that was going on out here in California. Davis had told her this morning, before Nick came over, all about what Ginny had done to him.

Of course, Lecie didn't want to crush what was left of Nick's pride, so she kept on pretending like she was still in the dark. But sooner or later, Nick was going to have to open up to her.

"How did you get that guy to drop the charges and hand over those memory cards?" she asked casually enough.

"Let's just say..." he said smoothly, "that money isn't always the only motivating factor."

"How much did you have to lay out? Be honest, please."

"A thousand bucks."

"I'll pay you back. As soon as the bank opens."

"That's not necessary." He sucked in a breath and finally released it, saying, "I'm not the kind of guy who marries a girl for money. I'm the kind of guy who blackmails jerks like Parker, on behalf of innocent women and children...and expects nothing in return for it." He gave Lecie a piercing look, that not even Tasha herself could've ignored.

That bad feeling in Lecie's gut swelled. She didn't know if it was because it sounded like Nick was simply walking away, or if he was walking away and that made her sad.

"You're not going to marry me, are you?"

"I'm not the kind of guy who'll throw you to the wolves either." He shook his head slowly. "What I will do is...I will marry you, for say, six months so that your father can't have you deported. I will take your money, because I need it desperately, but only in exchange for ten percent ownership of Hang Ten."

A million objections for why that was not a fair deal for him rambled through Lecie's mind, and she was about to start voicing them, one after the other, when Nick said, "That's my final offer."

If there was one thing Nick had learned in his short, but eventful, acquaintance with Lecie and her family, it was that you could accomplish just about anything if you had enough money and you were willing to spend it. And boy, these people did and they were.

Davis, the attorney, had arranged it all with very little inconvenience to Lecie or her sisters-in-law.

Fifteen minutes after the minister showed up, Nick found himself married, with the minister prompting him to kiss his bride.

Granted, the thought left him feeling a little awkward, but he did it. He had to drop his head a little to press his lips against Lecie's. Hers were soft. Too soft. And enticing.

Ten minutes later, with the marriage license signed, Davis and the minister split, and Nick couldn't help but feel overwhelmed by all that had transpired in such a short amount of time.

While the women laughed and chatted, he slipped outside and sat down on the terrace, right beside the fire pit where he and Lecie had hashed out the details not that long ago.

The image of the way the fire had cast its glow over her face wouldn't let him go. She was pretty, but it was more than that. Something about her had caught in his heart the moment Dean shoved her in his face a few days ago. Something that was growing in his gut. It wasn't a sickening feeling. No, it was so much better than that.

Forget it, he coached himself. He wasn't in this girl's league. Once her infatuation with America was over, she'd be on to something else. He'd do well to remember that. Eventually, she was going to leave him behind.

"Hey..." Her voice drifted up beside him warmly. He cleared his throat and tried to hide his face, as if she could read his thoughts. "You all right?" she asked, sitting beside him on the couch.

"Yeah." He smiled and looked at her. "You?"

"I'm fine. Thanks to you." She chuckled. "Won't Papa be surprised when he finds out."

"I guess this is the wrong time to be asking this," he said with a flash of humor. "But you're father and brothers aren't gonna try to kill me, are they?"

"No." She shook her head. "Papa will bellow and tell Julian and Andre to handle it. But what he doesn't know is...my brothers have been in on this since the beginning."

She pulled the cashier's check from her pocket and handed it to him. "You really don't have to give me any part of your restaurant, you know."

"Yes, I do." He took the check and slipped it into his pocket without looking at it. "Is there anything I can do for you?" he asked.

"Just don't do anything to give away our secret."

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

THE NEXT MORNING, CAMILLE, TASHA and the kids scurried around the house getting ready to leave. The whole thing was disheartening for Lecie.

Deidra came into the living room and went straight to Lecie. She was wearing a horrific look on her face.

"What's wrong?" Lecie asked, uncertainty and dread washing over her.

"I just got a call from my father." Tears began to water her eyes. "He said my grandmother is in the hospital."

Lecie's breath caught in her throat. Mavis Ferguson was everything to Deidra. "Is it serious?"

"He just said I should come, right away." A trail of tears dripped from each of Deidra's eyes.

Lecie gestured toward Camille. "You can drop her off in Florida, right?"

"Of course we can," Camille said without hesitation.

"I haven't even packed." Deidra shook her head. "I don't want to hold you up."

"Nonsense," Camille went to her side and laid a gentle hand on her arm. "Go pack," she said with a gentle nod toward the stairs. "The great thing about owning your own plane is that it leaves when you want it to."

Half an hour later, Deidra, Camille, Tasha, and the kids were gone, leaving Lecie alone in the house for the very first time, save the butler, the cook, and a brand new fake husband.

On Monday, Nick spent the entire morning going around to his creditors and paying off his debts. The bank was his last stop, and the manager hadn't been as impressed as Hang Ten's suppliers when Nick offered certified checks-so there was no fear of bouncing checks-to settle his debts.

The bank manager simply shot Nick a cold stare, saying, "I don't know what you did to get this money..."

"Nothing illegal. I promise you that."

"I'm glad to hear that." He blew out a sigh and sat down at his desk. "We here at Golden West can sympathize with your situation," he said, but there was a bite in his tone. Nick didn't figure he felt any sympathy at all. "I'm glad that things worked out in your favor."

"So you'll reinstate my line of credit?" Nick asked.

"Yes." He nodded. "But with restrictions."

"Restrictions?"

"Well, for the first thirty days we're going to put a cap on the amount you'll be able to access."

While Nick understood the bank's caution, he couldn't understand their reasoning. What good was a line of credit if you couldn't use it? "Let's cut to the chase," he said, growing tired of the maze they were having him run through. "What's the bottom line?"

"Five thousand dollars."

Five grand? Are you kidding me? That wouldn't help Nick with the community center at all. "So I don't suppose the bank would be interested in funding a loan for a piece of property?" Nick all but laughed, already knowing the answer before he asked the question.

Nick walked into Hang Ten, greeted the staff with long overdue smiles as he made his way to his office. Finally, thanks to Lecie, he was feeling upbeat and confident that everything was going to be okay.

Oh, sure, it could've gone better at the bank, but in thirty days they would release his full line of credit to him, and they'd told him they'd talk about the community center at that time. It'd be cutting it close, but if they gave him a loan then, he could still make that forty-five day deadline.

Before sitting down at his desk, he went back to the door and opened it, glancing at the waitress Diane as she passed by. "Could you bring me a pitcher of ice water, please?" he asked.

She nodded. "Sure thing, Nick."

He closed the door and went back to his desk. There was something to be said for being able to sit down and not have to worry about whether or not this would be the last time he'd sit here as the owner of Hang Ten.

Again, thanks to Lecie. He should do something for her since she'd been down in the dumps the last couple of days, ever since Deidra, Camille, and Tasha had left.

He grabbed the phone and hit number one on the speed dial. Ginny used to have that spot. But he'd given it to Lecie last week. The only list Ginny rated on these days was his shit list.

Nick smiled when her smooth, sweet voice greeted him with a nice "hello."

"Hi, it's me, Nick." He felt as awkward as a teenage geek who had a crush on the head cheerleader.

"Well, hello there. How's your day going?"

"Couldn't be better," he said as Diane came in with the pitcher of water and a chilled glass. He motioned to his desk. "Hang on a sec, love," he said for Diane's benefit. He didn't mind people thinking he and Lecie were in love. It helped to kill the sting of everyone's pitying looks after Ginny had left him hanging.

Diane poured him a glass before setting it and the pitcher on the desk, then nodded and backed away.

When she closed the door, Nick said, "Sorry. One of the waitresses came in."

"I completely understand."

"Say...do you want to have dinner with me tonight?" He sipped on the water. "I don't mean at the house. Out somewhere. Somewhere where people can see us."

"Sounds fun. I'd love to."

Lecie spent the entire afternoon getting ready for her date with Nick. She knew it wasn't a real date, but even so she was looking forward to it.

Rummaging through her closet, she'd pull a dress out on its hanger, hold it up against her to ponder it for a moment, then put it back on the rack and moved on to the next.

I wonder what Nick's favorite color is? She pulled out a blue Reiss bandage dress she'd gotten in London last fall. Every time she wore it she got compliments because it "brought out her eyes". Sure, it wasn't a Versace or Dior, but it was fresh and hip, like her, or at least the way she wanted to be.

She took the dress and went to the nearest mirror, in the bathroom, and held it up against her. She did like the dress, and so did everyone else, especially men-well, at least the ones who weren't related to her.

She draped the hanger on the hook beside the door of the master suite's massive closet. She checked her nails and decided the manicure she'd gotten last week still looked good.

Lecie's heart pounded at the thought of going on an actual date with Nick. But it wasn't a real date. He simply had the forethought to keep up appearances to keep this charade going. She'd do well to remember that.

Maybe she'd go soak in a hot bath. That'd produce the same effect as a cold shower. Right?

Half an hour later, Lecie pushed herself to get out of the bathtub for fear that she'd shrivel up like a prune. After relaxing in her bathrobe for a while, she checked her watch, surprised that it was already 4:45. That didn't give her much time. Nick had said he'd be at the house by five-thirty and their dinner reservation was for six.

She scrambled around the vanity in her dressing room, dusted a little powder on her face, and a little blush after that. Lecie thanked God every day for the near-flawless skin he'd seen fit to grace her with. It made it easy to use very little makeup and still look presentable.

Just about the time she slipped into her dress, she heard the echo of footsteps out in the hallway.

"Lecie...?" Nick's voice filtered in.

"In here," she called out from her room, conveniently located right across the hall from his. Or inconveniently, dependent upon how you saw it. Usually, especially at night, she found it an inconvenience. It was too easy to dream about running across the hall to throw herself at him. But today, she found it a convenience. She crept toward the door, which she'd left cracked open on purpose, peeked out and said, "I'm almost ready."

Their eyes met and he smiled, saying, "No hurry." Pointing over his shoulder toward his room, he added, "I'm just gonna take a quick shower. I'll be down in ten minutes." With that, he disappeared inside his room.

Lecie picked out some modest sapphires, a matching necklace, bracelet and earrings, put them on and went downstairs to wait for Nick.

Nick stopped at the entrance of the living room, wearing a dark gray two-button suit. It wasn't Armani, but damn, he sure made it look good on his tall, athletic frame.

She stood when he walked into the room. He took her hand and looked at her admiringly. "Damn, girl." He shook his head as a devilish smile curled up the corners of his mouth. "You look fantastic."

"Thanks." She couldn't help but grin at his praise, but still she glanced away shyly. She was in danger. Danger of getting wrapped up in Nick Matthews so swiftly that she wouldn't even know what hit her. She didn't understand Ginny, at all.

"You want to take your car?" he asked. "My truck is probably a little too messy for that dress."

Lecie nodded, handing her car keys over to Nick and they headed out. He took her to the Carbon Beach Club. A four-star restaurant, yet reasonably priced, up in Malibu.

They sat out on the restaurant's terrace, and dinner was divine. Not because of the service or the atmosphere-Lecie had been wined and dined in far more luxurious surroundings. But there was something to be said for sitting across the table from Nick Matthews, even if it was all for show.

They dined on a simple, two-course meal. He had a steak and salad, she had the soup and chicken. She could've gone for the lobster, but Nick, she knew, was on a budget and she didn't want him thinking she was an extravagance he couldn't afford.

When the waiter laid the check at Nick's side, Lecie said, "Thanks for bringing me out. I'll confess I've not quite known what to do with myself with Deidra gone."

"Life just doesn't seem to be quite as much fun without friends."

"Yeah..." Lecie sighed and glimpsed back up at Nick. "I hope that you and I can remain friends after all this is over."

"You can count on it." He nodded and winked at her. "Oh, I have something for you." He reached into his pocket and pulled out a black velvet jewelry box-the size that rings come in. "These'll carry some weight toward authenticity."

Lecie's heart hammered against her chest, but then she remembered that any ring Nick gave her would be rooted in the effectiveness of their ruse.

Caution prompted her to take care when reaching for the box. It's not like it would burn her or anything, but Lecie didn't want to get carried away. Sooner or later, this marriage would end and Nick would leave. She had to remember that.

She opened the box to a full set of matching wedding rings, including a man's ring. There were lots of diamonds on hers. Not as flashy as Camille's and Tasha's rings, but these had a benefit theirs didn't. Nick was attached to them.

"Oh my, you shouldn't have gone to so much extravagance," she said, closing the case. "I'll reimburse you. This whole thing, after all, is for my benefit."

"I wouldn't hear of it." He shook his head. "Besides, I bought them at a pawn shop. It wasn't really that expensive."

"Are you sure?"

Nick took the box, opened it up and took out the man's ring, slipping it on his left ring finger. Then he took her set and reached for her left hand. "Nobody's benefited in this deal more than me," he said, sliding the rings on her finger.

The next morning, Gerard served Lecie and Nick breakfast on the terrace just off the side of the house. It was a picture-perfect setting, except for one thing-it wasn't real.

Even so, Lecie stared at the diamonds sparkling on her left hand. They weren't much by de Laurent standards, but still, she adored them. It saddened her a little that they weren't representative of the real thing. But at least she was getting a taste of what it'd be like to be happily married. Now she understood completely why Camille and Tasha put up with Julian and Andre.

Gerard laid the paper beside Nick's plate, and after a few minutes, Nick grabbed it and opened it up.

He peered over the top of the paper and said, "You want to come down to Hang Ten tonight? I have to work, but we could have dinner."

"Sure." She nodded.

He smiled and went back to the paper. Thumbing through the pages, every once in a while he'd stop and read something. Curiously, she wondered what sections of the paper aroused his interest the most.

He was probably a sports guy. Most Americans were. Some liked certain sports better than others. She wondered if he had his favorites. Probably. And how about business? Did he read that section too? He was, after all, a business man. And from what she could tell, a damn good one. No doubt about it, his restaurant was highly successful.

"Holy shit!" came roaring out of Nick's mouth. Lecie looked up, a bit startled. The paper was still between them. After a second or two, he folded the paper open and turned it around to face her. "How did this happen?"

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

INSIDE HIS OFFICE AT HANG TEN, Nick still marveled at the notion that his and Lecie's picture-a picture of them having dinner last night-was in the paper with an announcement that Nick Matthews, proprietor of the popular seaside restaurant Hang Ten, had married into the affluent de Laurent family from France.

When Dean threw him Lecie's way, Nick had no idea she had the kind of wealth the paper was talking about. It made Nick more glad than ever that she'd hooked up with him, instead of some scoundrel who'd end up trying to take advantage of her.

Bethany, one of the waitresses, passed by Nick's open door. She stopped and smiled. "Nice, boss."

He gave her one of those what are you talking about looks.

"She's sweet, pretty, and rich." Bethany shot him a devilish grin.

He chuckled. "I take it you approve?" It was no secret that Bethany, or any of the staff for that matter, hadn't liked Ginny. Not at all.

"Very much," she said, and moved on.

A few minutes later, Dean came in. "Have you seen the paper?" he asked, stalking across the room.

Nick nodded.

"Did you know who she is?" Dean sat down. "I mean really know who she is?"

"No more than you."

Dean started laughing. Hard.

"What's so funny?"

Dean shook his head. "I was just thinking..." He looked Nick in the eye. "Can you imagine the look on Ginny's face when she sees the paper?"

"I seriously doubt that Ginny's within range of the Times." For the first time, or at least the first time that Nick realized it, talking about Ginny no longer stung. Well, at least not as much as it had last week. "I hope the bank manager sees the paper today." Nick chuckled. If there was one instant where he'd like to capitalize on being married into such wealth, that was it. Maybe it'd help him get a loan to buy the community center and the land it sits on.

"Yeah..." Dean agreed. He had as much invested in the center as Nick. In fact, Dean's job depended on them finding a way to purchase the center.

Nick glanced at his watch. It was nearly noon. Good. Lecie should be here soon.

"What?" Dean joked. "You got a lunch date?"

"Yes. As a matter of fact, I do." Nick got up and ushered Dean toward the door. "Don't you have something to do?"

"No." A wide grin spread over Dean's face. "As a matter of fact, I don't. I think I'll have lunch with you and the little missus."

"No, you're not." Nick nudged Dean out into the dining room.

"Hey wait...how about her friend Deidra?" he asked seriously. "Don't those rich chicks hang out together?"

He was only trying to get a rise out of Nick, which is why Nick wasn't accommodating. "Goodbye, Dean. I'll see you later."

Minutes after Dean left, Lecie arrived. Nick's heart danced at the sight of her. He maneuvered his way around the tables to greet her at the front door. "Right on time. You hungry?" Lord knew, he was.

She nodded and tossed him a smile that instantly lifted his spirits.

Nick chose a table near his office, away from the windows-now that he realized he and Lecie were on the press's radar. He pulled her chair out and waited for her to sit, then he sat next to her. Bethany was at their side as soon as Nick's bottom hit the chair, delivering a glass of ice water for Nick and an iced tea for Lecie.

"The usual?" Bethany asked Nick. He nodded and looked at Lecie.

"Yeah." Lecie nodded. "I'm sticking with the crab cakes. They're awesome."

"Salads today?" Bethany asked.

Nick looked at Lecie, she nodded and said, "Yes. I'm famished."

Nick looked back at Bethany and held up two fingers. "Two Caesars."

Minutes later, Bethany was back with two salads. Nick said, "It's starting to get busy." He looked around the dining room, which was beginning to fill. "Just let me know when our lunches are up. I'll get them from the kitchen."

"Will do, boss," she said and walked away.

Nick had this fascinating light in his eyes like he used to, before Ginny's shenanigans almost brought him to the brink of financial ruin.

"You really love running this place, don't you?" Lecie asked, gazing around the restaurant.

"I do." He nodded.

"It shows." She paused, almost overcome with melancholy. "I'd love to have something that meant so much to me."

He looked at her like he was filled with pity for her.

One of the waitresses, Diane rushed up to the table. "Keri called. She's got the flu."

"Did you call Ashley?" he asked.

"She's on vacation. She's in Texas."

"Kami?" Desperation filled his voice. Kami was one of the part time hostesses. She and Meredith worked Keri and Ashley's days off.

"Kami's working her other job till the end of the week." Diane said. "And Meredith is scheduled to take Ashley's shift starting tomorrow. She's working elsewhere today."

"Damn." Nick looked around. Lecie knew they were talking about the restaurant's hostesses. "Can we get a waitress to fill in?"

"We'll have to call somebody in," Diane said.

"I can do it," Lecie spoke up.

"You?" Diane looked at her, surprised.

Nick turned to Lecie. "I can't ask you to do that."

"Why not?" Lecie asked.

"Well, for one, I really don't think it's your cup of tea," Nick said. Of course, Lecie knew he was just being polite. He didn't think she could do it.

"What do I have to do...?" she asked. "Seat people at a table and tell them their waitress will be right with them?" How hard could that be?

For the next three days, Lecie stumbled her way around the restaurant, playing hostess. On the third evening, when the restaurant was half an hour away from closing, Nick passed her by in the hallway outside the supply room.

He pulled her inside. They stood inches apart. He gazed at her with adoration sparkling in his intoxicating brown eyes. "I can't tell you how grateful I am for your help while Keri's been sick."

"It was my pleasure," she said. "Even though I was a very poor stand-in."

"You were fantastic." He touched her cheek, caressing it. "Thank you."

For a second, she thought he was going to kiss her, but instead he smiled softly and backed away.

Every time Lecie thought Nick was on the verge of getting closer to her, it was as though something went off inside his head, reminding him not to.

But why?

Probably because he was still in love with Ginny.

Lecie would do well to remember that, and stop letting herself get carried away by fantasies that were never going to come true.

On Saturday, Nick was in his office running inventory numbers on the computer. He'd always found it a dull, drab job in the past, but now he had a newfound appreciation for it after nearly losing Hang Ten.

He had Lecie to thank for that not happening. He'd grown quite accustomed to having her around, even in this short amount of time. He was also about to chastise himself for that, knowing full well that it was a bad idea, when Keri appeared at the door, looking decidedly pale.

"What's the matter?" he asked. "You not feeling well again?" He hoped that wasn't the case. He hated the thought of asking Lecie to play hostess again, especially on a Saturday.

"No," she said weakly. "I'm fine." She cut her eyes to the left, out toward the dining room. "I'm not sure you're going to like this."

"What?" He got up and moved toward her. "For God's sake...what are you talking about?" When he reached the door Diane moved out of his way.

He passed through the doorway and his heart fell to the floor.

Ginny.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

NICK STOOD THERE STARING AT GINNY for at least two minutes, but it seemed like forever that the silence lingered on.

After dragging his heart up off the floor, Nick said with a measure of anger, "You've got a lot of nerve coming back here!"

"Nickie..." She cooed his name in a sugary-sweet tone, sauntering toward him.

Nick backed up, like she'd burn him if she got too close. But she kept coming. "Where the hell is my money?" he demanded, blocking the doorway to his office.

She took on a pained expression, and said without remorse, "I spent it." She kept coming.

Nick stiffened. "You cleaned me out." He raked his hand through his hair and stomped into the office. "You spent it all? What's it been....three weeks?"

Ginny closed the door and let out an exasperated sigh. "Don't get all sanctimonious with me, Nick Matthews." She dropped down onto the couch against the far left wall and crossed her legs. "You married that cute little bank account within two weeks of me dumping you."

Nick's anger seethed out in a growl. "You did not dump me. That suggests you called it off. You didn't. You simply left me standing at the altar, looking like a fool."

"Oh, Nickie...don't be so melodramatic." She scoffed. "You and me, we're cut from the same cloth."

"No, we're not."

"Oh, yes, my love, yes we are." She pushed herself up and went to him, standing between him and his desk. Why she did that, he had no idea, but he followed her, wanting to keep his eye on her every move. Even though she no longer had legal access to his bank accounts, he didn't trust her.

"I knew you couldn't get over me quickly enough to fall in love and marry someone else, two weeks after our wedding was supposed to have taken place." She wrapped her arms around him and planted a kiss on his lips.

The shock of it all crippled him for a few seconds, and stopped him from immediately shoving her off him. Which is what anyone in full possession of their faculties would've done.

First horror, then hurt and humiliation coursed through Lecie as she stood there watching some woman kissing Nick. After a second or two, she summoned her pride and eased the door shut as quietly as she'd opened it.

The image of them kissing bounced around inside her head looking for a place to land, but found none. It just kept knocking everything else aside. She saw or thought of nothing but the two of them locked together.

She felt faint, and grabbed the wall for support. Keri passed by. "Keri...?" she said her name weaker than she'd intended.

Keri stopped at her side. "Hey, Lecie...it's great to see you again."

"Likewise." Lecie pointed to the wall separating them from Nick's office, and asked as if it was no big deal, "Who's Nick in with?"

She shook her head. "I heard somebody say Ginny was here." Her otherwise pretty face twisted into a vile expression.

"I see." Lecie struggled to remain calm. "Maybe I'll just come back later." She stepped away from Nick's office door and looked over her shoulder. "Keri..." she said and waited for the girl, who'd already gone on her way, to turn back around. Once she did, Lecie added, "No need to mention that I was here." Lecie forced a smile and moved on.

Of course, Ginny was back, breezed through Lecie's thoughts as she pushed open the front door and headed outside. She blew out a breath that was half frustration, half disbelief. Lecie had been afraid of this from the beginning, but that didn't make it any easier to handle now.

Quietly, she chastised herself for ever thinking she stood a chance against Ginny.

Oh, well... This whole marriage thing had been a good idea, as far as thwarting Papa's deportation plans, but Ginny was back in the picture now.

Lecie might as well go home and pack her bags.

Once Nick regained his senses, he pried Ginny off of him and wiped his mouth, wanting to get rid of any lingering remnants of her kiss-which now he found utterly disgusting. He stuck his finger in her face, and said, "Don't do that again."

"Come on, Nickie..."

"Stop calling me that!" He hated it when she called him that. Made him feel weak. He wasn't weak. Not anymore.

She ignored him, saying, "Don't you see? You've hit the jackpot." There was a little too much excitement in her eyes, her face, her tone. "She should be worth a nice payout."

Pay-out? What the hell was she talking about? Nick had a feeling he was going to find out.

"Think about it..." She gave an encouraging nod. "You can get enough money out of her to set us up nicely."

Was Nick hearing her correctly? Was she suggesting what he thought she was? No. It couldn't be so. Surely, he'd misheard her. "Come again?"

"You and me, Nickie. We can be together," she said urgently. "And she can provide the way."

Nick's entire body filled with contempt. It started at his feet and didn't stop even when it reached the top of his head. It just kept coming. The contempt. Contempt for Ginny. And it poured out with his single-word inquiry, "What?"

"Oh, good Lord, Nickie!" She huffed. "We need money. Lots of it. You can get it from her."

"One second," he said, much calmer than before. He took her by the arm, near the elbow, escorted her from his office and through the dining room. Opening the front door, he said, "Don't ever come back here again." He nudged her outside and pointed an accusatory forefinger at her. "Next time, I call the police."

"You can't have me arrested." She snorted. "You gave me access to your bank accounts."

"And that was my mistake." He nodded. "One I've rectified." He sucked in a breath. "I also had a restraining order issued against you. You're not to come near me, my wife, or Hang Ten." He paused to let that sink in, then flashed her a smile. "Don't believe I'll call 'em? Try me."

Lecie stormed into the house and dropped her keys on the table in the foyer. She went into the living room to plop down on the couch, ready to give herself a good cry. She wished Deidra were here. She'd know what to do.

She dug her phone out of her purse and set the call. Maybe Deidra's grandmother was doing better now, and Deidra could come home. Funny that Lecie now considered California home.

"Yes..." It was Deidra's voice, but it was soft, barely above a whisper, and it sounded like she was crying.

Maybe it was just that Lecie felt like crying. "Deidra...?"

"Lecie...?" Deidra sobbed. "Oh, Lecie...my grams has died!"

"What?" Lecie felt the tears pricking her eyes. "I'm on my way."

Lecie went upstairs, randomly tossed clothes into a suitcase and made sure she grabbed her passport on the way out. Not that she planned to leave the country, not just yet anyway, but she wasn't sure she was coming back here either.

The cell phone in her hand chimed. She looked at the display. Her heart fell. Nick. She wasn't ready to hear him say that Ginny-the woman he loves-was back.

But she had to answer it. She couldn't, shouldn't, just disappear on him. That was something Ginny would do, and she was better than that. "Hello," she said breathlessly.

"It's me."

"I can't talk right now."

"Okay, I'm headed to your house. We need to talk."

Noooo. Lecie couldn't handle this right now. "It'll have to wait, Nick." She tried to suppress the anguish of never wanting to hear those words. "I'm headed to the airport. I'll be back as soon as I can."

"I'd really like to talk to you before you leave." His tone had taken on a somber quality. "Can you take a later flight?"

Lecie shook her head. "No. Deidra's grandmother has died. I have to get to her."

It took a second before he said, "I understand." Then he went silent again. When he did speak again, his tone had taken on a hint of remorse. "Please give Deidra my condolences. I'll see you when you get back."

Nick dropped the receiver back onto the phone's cradle and leaned back in the chair. He glanced around his office at Hang Ten, wondering why fate was so determined to pick on him.

"Story of my life," he said out loud. But Lecie wouldn't disappear on him like Ginny had done. Would she?

No. She wasn't anything like Ginny. He'd missed the signs with Ginny the first time around, but he wasn't biting on that hook again.

And he'd been deadly serious about calling the police if she showed her face again. He didn't want Ginny anywhere near Lecie. He'd made a deal with Lecie, and he wouldn't have Ginny screwing it up.

Maybe it was a good thing that Lecie was headed out of town. A week or two away from here would give Nick time to figure out how to get rid of Ginny for good.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

Three weeks later

NICK MATTHEWS WONDERED IF someone had put a curse on him. Maybe. His luck lately was just that bad. Although, he hadn't seen Ginny in over two weeks, not since Troy the cop had had a little talk with her. The next day, she'd checked out of her motel and hadn't been seen around town since. Nick hoped she stayed gone this time.

The only positive thing that'd graced his life lately was Lecie, but she wasn't in it for the long haul. He was just a means to an end for her.

He'd thought that when she came into the picture luck was beginning to shine upon him again, since she'd bailed him out financially.

If that had been the case, it was temporary because the bank had pulled the rug out from under him this morning. He'd heard their big, fat, resounding no about the loan for the community center loud and clear.

He walked into his office at Hang Ten and slammed the door. Storming across the room toward his desk, he tried to temper his anger, having minimal success.

Well, he'd best pick up the phone and deliver the bad news. He didn't like it, but he grabbed the receiver off its cradle and hit the speed dial for the community center. After hearing Dean's voice, Nick said, "The bank said no."

"Please tell me you're kidding," Dean said.

"I wish I could." Nick swabbed his hand over his forehead. "I'm out of options."

"You could ask Lecie."

"No." Not even for the community center. Nick figured he'd already taken advantage of her enough as it was. "We'll find another way. She won't be it."

"It was just a thought." There was a silence on the line for a few seconds, then Dean said, "Listen, I'll come over to the restaurant later. We'll figure out a way to fix this."

Dean hung up the phone and stared at the picture hanging on the wall in his office at the community center. The photograph of Dean, Nick, and Kevin was taken about a month before Kevin overdosed. They hadn't seen it back then-at least Dean hadn't, and as far as he knew neither had Nick-but Kevin was high as a kite when the picture was snapped.

And now, he and Nick were on the verge of losing the center. The legacy they'd built for Kevin. It was the one thing that brought meaning to Kevin's death. Without the center, they both knew he'd died in vain.

A soft knock on the door dragged Dean out of his somber thoughts. "Come on," he called out.

The door opened, and Dean doubted he was able to hide his shock when he saw Lecie coming in with a manila envelope in her hands. She greeted him with a smile and waited for him to invite her to sit. When he did, she offered him the envelope before sitting.

"What's this?" he asked, taking it.

"I'm giving my interest in Hang Ten to the center."

"Why?"

"I've decided to return to France," she said. "And it's just not right for me to keep it."

"Then why don't you just give it back to Nick?"

"Because he'll never take it."

"Well..." Dean slid the envelope across the desk toward her. "Don't turn it over to the center." He shook his head slowly. "We're going out of business."

"What do you mean you're going out of business?" She inched closer to his desk.

"This place is for sale." He looked around and shrugged. "And we can't afford to buy it. Once it goes on the market, at the end of week, it'll just be a matter of time before we're given an eviction notice."

"Who's selling it?" she asked.

"Juno Properties," Dean replied, but he didn't want to talk about the center. Talking about the center made him sad. It was time to change the subject. "Why are you going back to France?" he asked, mildly curious about the answer. "I thought that was the whole reason you and Nick got married...so you didn't have to go back yet?"

"Plans change," she said with a smile and shrug, but there was something sad about her countenance.

Maybe she was regretting giving Nick all that money. "Nick can't possibly reimburse you for the money you gave him." Dean wanted her to know she could change her mind all she wanted, but she shouldn't expect anything back from Nick, not even a partial refund.

"Oh, I know." She shook her head. "I'm not expecting a reimbursement."

Okay. Well...as long as she knew where she stood as far as the money was concerned, she could do whatever she wanted.

But he couldn't help wondering why? What was the real reason? Dean had gotten the feeling that Lecie liked Nick, just as much as Dean knew Nick liked her. But he didn't know Lecie well enough to ask.

Once home, Lecie surveyed the house. It looked like Nick was still living there, but she couldn't understand why. He wouldn't bring Ginny to her house, would he?

Of course not. Nick wasn't that kind of guy. Lecie might not like that Nick loved someone else, but deep down she knew he was an upstanding guy.

So why was he still here?

Well, he had entered into a contract with her. He was probably trying to uphold it. It's just that Lecie couldn't let him lose his chance to get back with the woman he loved.

She dug her cell out of her purse and called up his number.

"Lecie...I'm so glad you're back." His voice slipped over her like smooth silk.

"Yes. Yes, I am." It pierced her heart to think that soon, very soon, she wouldn't be hearing his voice anymore.

"How's Deidra? She come with you?"

"She's taking care of some last-minute details," Lecie said. "She'll be here tomorrow." And they'd be leaving for France by the end of the week. She just had to figure out a way to get Nick to take back the percentage of Hang Ten that he'd given her. "Are you very busy?" she wondered. "I really need to talk to you."

"I can be at the house in five," he said.

Lecie disconnected the call and tossed her phone onto the couch. She drew in a deep breath, hoping it'd bring her enough courage to keep her dignity about her and not make a fool of herself when Nick arrived.

Just remember, she coached herself, he loves someone else. She prayed Ginny didn't insist on coming along.

The five minutes it took Nick to get there was just enough time for Lecie to get herself sufficiently worked up. She should never have let herself get mixed up with him in the first place. She might be young, and a little naive, but she knew full well the feelings she'd had for Nick before she let Camille and Tasha talk her into asking Dean-Nick's best friend-to marry her.

Nick rushed through the front door, hardly able to believe how excited he was that Lecie was back. He shouldn't be-and for more reasons than it was a bad idea to get hooked on her-but he was. It shouldn't matter to him, but her being back was the one thing that made the prospect of losing the community center bearable.

She was standing by the fireplace, trying to smile. She was probably still feeling the effects of Deidra's grandmother's passing.

"Lecie..." He went to her and wrapped his arms around her. That was a bad idea too, but he did it anyway. "I'm so glad you're home."

She was a little reluctant at first, but after a couple of seconds, her arms wrapped slowly around him until finally she held on like she was holding on for dear life. That made Nick's heart sing.

"Everything go okay while I was gone?" She pulled away and went to the couch. He followed her. "Did I miss anything?" she asked.

Nick sat beside her and shook his head. "It was pretty boring around here without you."

"So what did you want to talk to me about?" she asked. She was so distant, so aloof, and Nick had to wonder why. What happened to the fun-loving girl who lit up like a Christmas tree every time he came into the room? Where was that girl? Nick wanted her back.

"Oh...it was nothing." He chuckled, buying time to come up with something plausible. "I just wanted to take you out to dinner..." He was making it up as he went along. He liked that idea so he ran with it. "To show my appreciation for you stepping in and helping out at the Hang Ten."

For a second, she looked at him like she didn't believe him, but before he got around to throwing out a few more sensible explanations, she said in a sad, lonely sort of tone, "You're such a nice guy, Nick."

He didn't know what to make of that. That's the phrase most girls used when they're getting ready to dump you. But if she dumped him, where would that leave her? She couldn't be dumping him-at least not yet. "Well, you did a good thing and you deserve to be rewarded."

"So do you." She nodded, and seemed so sad about something. Deidra's grandmother? He had no way of knowing. She looked like she was about to cry when she said, "I've been awfully selfish." She shook her head and turned away from him.

"You? Selfish?" He said on the edge of impatience. "You don't have a selfish bone in your body, girl."

"I took advantage of you." She looked at him. "I shouldn't have done that."

"What do you mean you took advantage of me?" He laughed nervously.

"I knew you needed money."

"I'm responsible for my own actions," he said. "You didn't twist my arm. I entered into this agreement as a willing participant."

"Yes, and now you're stuck." She stared at him with a blank look.

"Just for a few more months." He paused. "Then we're both free to do as we please."

"A lot can happen in a few months." She shook her head. "I shouldn't hold you to that."

"We made a deal. Signed a contract." Nick spoke in a steady, lower-pitched voice. "I take that kind of thing seriously."

"Look, if you want out," she said. "All you have to do is say the word and we'll end this thing tomorrow."

End it tomorrow? Nick sucked in a deep breath. If they ended it tomorrow, how was he ever going to pay her back for all that money? Money that he'd mostly already spent.

As if she'd read his thoughts, she said, "Don't worry. I don't expect any refund on time not spent."

He wanted to ask her what brought this on, but who was Nick to grill her about anything? She could do as she pleased. That was an advantage of being super rich. When you get bored with one thing, you drop it and move on to the next. It wasn't like she was actually dumping him. She'd never promised to stay by his side forever. Just six months. But Nick was learning that even when you entered into a contract marriage, anything could happen.

At least Lecie showed up for the wedding.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

DEAN LOOKED AT NICK LIKE he'd lost his mind. Nick felt the need to repeat himself, if for nothing other than clarity's sake. "I'm not joking. I got home yesterday and she's trying to let me off the hook." Nick shook his head. "Maybe she found someone else while she was in Florida and I'm just in the way now."

"She came by the center," Dean said. "Tried to give her share of Hang Ten to me. Well, the center. She said you'd never take it back willingly."

"And she's right. I told her so yesterday. Especially if she's ready to cancel our agreement. I have no way to pay her back the money I've already spent."

"Have you asked her why she's leaving?"

"No." Nick didn't think he had the right to ask her why. "Besides, I really don't want to hear about how she's found someone else."

"Yeah, maybe." Dean nodded. "But I just can't help thinking that this is a tactical error of some sort."

"Let's face it..." Nick laughed at himself. "I'm just way out of my league with this one. Whoever's caught her attention, I hope he's worthy of her."

"Well..." Dean stood. "I need to start looking for a job." He shook his head. He and Nick both knew how hard that was going to be in this economy.

"If there's anything I can do to help..." Nick's voice trailed off.

Dean nodded and headed for the door.

If it wasn't one thing, it was another. Nick had thought things were going to turn around after Lecie walked into his life, but that wasn't meant to be. She was walking out, and taking every ounce of available hope with her.

He was losing Lecie and the center at the same time. The fact that he still had the Hang Ten-thanks to her-was of little comfort.

Two days later, Nick was in his office, tending to the daily needs of the Hang Ten when Dean's call came in.

"I'm kind of busy right now," Nick said to Dean. "Can I call you later?"

"This can't wait." Dean's troubled voice reached across the airwaves and yanked Nick up by the throat.

"All right," Nick said, straightening in his chair.

"It's happened."

"What's happened?"

"Somebody bought the center."

Nick closed his eyes and dropped his head into his hand. "Well, that's that then."

"Hey, don't beat yourself up, man." Dean said. "You kept this place going for an awful long time."

"Yes, but it was supposed to be forever," Nick said. "So my brother didn't die in vain."

Dean Triplett let his gaze wander around the common area of the Kevin Matthews Community Center. It wouldn't bear that name for much longer. Who knew what the new owners would end up doing with the piece of prime real estate. Probably demo the building and throw up some fancy high rise or something.

Dean shook his head, went to his office and closed the door. He knew they'd be coming, the new owners, any day, to personally issue his eviction notice. But, even if it was just for today, he was still the center's director.

Sitting down at his desk, he thought about all the things he should be doing. Settling the center's final debts, as much as he could. Figuring out what to do with all the furnishings and such. And finding a new job.

Dean blew out a sigh. He didn't feel like doing any of those things, especially when it came to a new job. He liked this one just fine.

Silently, he cursed Ginny, even though she wasn't directly responsible for the property being sold out from under the center, but she was to blame for Nick's unstable financial status. That much he could pin on her.

A soft knock echoed through the door. One of the kids? Dean went to see who. Opening the door, he was surprised to see Lecie. Again.

"Hey..." He tried to smile, but there wasn't much to smile about.

She had another large manila envelope with her. More documents, he supposed. She gave him a smile, then said, "I hope I'm not disturbing you."

He shook his head. "Not at all." He gestured to the chair in front of his desk. "What can I do for you?" Funny he'd be asking her that. She was the one who could've helped him and Nick, if Nick would've just asked her for a loan. But Nick wouldn't hear of it, wouldn't even entertain it.

Dean shook the nasty thoughts out of his head and went back to his seat behind the desk. He really couldn't blame this on Nick. Or Lecie. It was nobody's fault. Just fate being a bitch.

When he peered up at her, he saw it. She was fretting over something. He just couldn't figure what. "Nick wouldn't take back his interest in the Hang Ten, huh?" He pointed to the envelope she was carrying.

"No." Lecie raised her eyebrows and let out a little laugh.

"Well, I wish we could take it off your hands, but like I said..." Dean shook his head. "Never mind, I shouldn't be bothering you with my troubles."

"What do you mean?" she asked.

"You may not remember, but I mentioned it the other day." Dean had a hard time hiding the pain this whole thing was causing him. "The center is being sold out from under us."

Lecie smiled. Awfully pissy of her. And out of character. That was something more likely to come from Ginny.

"By now," Dean said, hoping to make her feel bad, "I should have new computers here for the kids to use." He glared at her, trying to project his pain on her. "Instead, all I have for them is bad news. Someone's already bought the center and the land it sits on. I'm sure our eviction notice is eminent."

As if undaunted by his statement, she said, "That's why I'm here." She laid the envelope on the desk and pushed it toward him. "I purchased this property."

"You?" Dean asked, unable to hide his shock over that one.

"Well..." Lecie paused. "I bought it on behalf of the Kevin Matthews Foundation."

"You did what?" Dean asked her again, just to make sure he'd heard right. This was too good to be true.

"Well you said the other day...the place was up for sale." Her cheeks blushed pink. "Considering all that's happened lately, I figured Nick might have a hard time coming up with the money. I have plenty of money. And it seemed like a worthy cause." She looked at Dean, her eyes widening. "You don't think he's going to be mad, do you? Maybe we shouldn't tell him it was me."

Dean laughed. "The minute I tell him the Kevin Matthews Foundation now owns this center, he's gonna know it was you."

"Well, okay." She looked at Dean. "Can you wait until I'm gone, back to France, to confirm it?"

"Tell you what..." He got up. "I won't volunteer any information." He moved around the desk. "But if he asks me point blank, I won't lie."

She stood. "Fair enough."

"I can't begin to thank you." He wrapped her in a friendly embrace. "You are an angel."

"Hardly." She laughed and they parted.

"You're definitely an angel," Dean said. And Nick was going to think she was an angel, too. Maybe this would be the thing that urged Nick to get off his butt and stop this girl from leaving.

Nick checked his watch. 1:30. Chip from Budweiser should be back from lunch by now. He needed to get that order in or Hang Ten was going to be very short on beer this weekend. Things had been far easier when Ginny was around handling all these office-type duties for the restaurant. Course, she was also not paying the bills.

He shook his head and snatched up the phone. Better that she's gone anyway. Now that everything was straightened out financially, maybe he could hire someone to be his office manager. He'd damn sure keep a closer eye on things now, and he'd never, ever allow someone-anyone-signatory rights to his bank accounts, much less add them as a joint owner. Lesson learned.

He opened up the rolodex to look for Chip's number. A rat-a-tat-tat at the door claimed his attention. Before he had time to respond to the jovial knock, the door opened and Dean came sashaying in.

"Good afternoon!" He was far too happy for someone who was about to become unemployed.

Nick scrutinized him carefully, not missing the large manila envelope he was carrying. "What's gotten into you?" he asked, dropping the phone back onto its base. "You find a new job already?"

"Don't need to." Dean sat, but stretched out like a proud peacock.

"Ah..." Nick drew the word out. "So you're going to try the life of a beach bum for a while?"

"Check this out." He slid the envelope across the desk to Nick.

"What's this?" Nick asked, looking at it like it might be a booby-trap.

"That, my friend, is salvation."

"Why don't you just give me the cliff notes?" He looked at Dean.

"That..." Dean pointed to the envelope. "Is the deed to the community center and the land it sits on."

Nick pushed it back across the desk toward Dean. "You have to put this back where you found it."

Dean said, "It was hand delivered to me." He pointed to the envelope. "Look at the deed. The Kevin Matthews Foundation owns the property now."

"What?" If this was a joke, Nick didn't find it funny.

Would Dean do that? Nick had to admit, no. So if Dean was serious, and the center owned the property now...who would do such a thing? Who could do such a thing?

Lecie.

Nick let out a long sigh. "Tell me you didn't ask her for a loan?" he asked, but it wasn't the kind of question that asked for a positive response.

"I did not."

Then how did she know? Nick riffled through his own thoughts. Did he mention it to her? Not that he recalled. "I wonder how much she had to pay for it? And what kind of terms she expects from us to pay it back?"

"She donated it."

Nick's mouth dropped open. "What? Why would she do that?"

"You know, you are great at running this restaurant." Dean shook his head. "But sometimes, you're dumber than a rock."

Nick continued to stare at him. He had no clue, no idea what Dean was talking about.

Dean laughed a little, then said, "She did it for you, ya' dumbass."

Nick considered it, for about a half a second, and then dismissed the idea. "No way." He shook his head and kept shaking it, as if that'd shake the nonsense out of Dean's head too. "She doesn't care about me. She's leaving. Besides...girls like her don't fall in love with guys like you and me."

That much, Nick was sure of. Their worlds couldn't be further apart.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

NICK MATTHEWS MIGHT NOT HAVE been in the same league with Lecie de Laurent, but he sure was grateful for what she'd done for the community center and he intended to tell her. And maybe they could come to a suitable arrangement regarding how he was going to pay her back.

Walking up to the front door, he saw that the flowers she had asked the gardener to plant along the front of the house had started to bloom. Santa Barbara daisies amid African Irises and the Matilija Poppy added an elegance to the house's curbside appeal.

Nick was going to miss this place. He was also going to have to put "getting the loft above Hang Ten in livable shape" at the top of his priority list. As soon as their marriage ended he'd wouldn't be staying here anymore. Nick was going to miss Lecie.

Nick went inside the house, feeling a little sad. "Lecie..." he called out her name, but got no answer. He went through the house, but couldn't find her anywhere. She had to be here, her car was in the garage.

Standing at the sliding glass door off the living room, he looked out at the terrace. She wasn't there either. But what about the little patio just down the hill on the other side of the yard? He headed outside because that was the only place left to look.

He was right, and felt a sense of peace when he saw her sitting on the little sofa with her back to him, gazing out at the ocean.

"Admiring the view?" he asked, sitting down next to her.

She nodded and looked at him. "I take it Dean has been to see you?"

"Yes, he has." Nick looked at her, wanting to touch her, but he didn't dare. "I'll find a way to pay you back. I'll make payments. Whatever you want."

She shook her head. "No. It wasn't a loan." The slightest hint of pink stained her cheeks and she turn back to look at the ocean again. "I did it for the kids."

"Are you still leaving?" He wished she wouldn't, but he didn't have the guts to say so.

She nodded. "I think it's for the best."

She was probably right. They were from different worlds. Nick wouldn't know how to begin to fit into hers. Still, he couldn't bear the thought of never seeing or hearing from her again. "You'll keep in touch, won't you?" he asked. "Let me know where to send your checks."

She looked at him with raised eyebrows.

"That's the great thing about being a silent partner." He chuckled. "You don't have to do anything, but you still get paid."

"Oh, the Hang Ten." Lecie's smiled, then shook her head. "I signed my interest in the restaurant over to the foundation as well. Now it'll have a steady income to operate on."

"I don't know what to say." And he truly didn't. Dean was right in his assessment of Lecie. She was an angel. She'd swooped in and saved him, just when he'd thought the devil had done him in for sure. But the angel had done her job, and now she was leaving. Probably going on to do good for some other poor schmuck.

"You don't have to say anything." She smiled, looking every bit the angel he now realized she was.

One thing was for sure, no other woman would ever be able to do what Ginny had done to him, because Nick would always be in love with this one. The woman sitting next to him now.

"Lecie..." He sucked in a breath and looked at her. "I hope that you get everything in life that you want...because you deserve happiness more than anybody else I know."

She looked at him, and for the first time he saw the sadness in her eyes. She smiled, a forced one, he thought, and said, "Listen...I'm leaving tomorrow but you can stay here at the house for as long as you want."

"I do appreciate that." He nodded. "I'm making plans to have the loft above Hang Ten renovated, so I can live there." He couldn't help noticing her looking at him a little oddly, and wondered if she was only saying that about staying at the house to be nice. Maybe what she really wanted was for him to be out of her house. ASAP. "It shouldn't take more than a week," he said, hoping to appease her. "As soon as it's done, I'll be out of your house."

"There's no hurry." She shook her head and turned her focus back to the ocean.

Nick looked her over and let his gaze linger on her a little longer. He wanted to remember everything about this moment, to commit every inch of her to memory. He never wanted to forget the way she looked right now-stunningly beautiful, yet somehow sad. The way she smelled of roses just after a summer rain. And most of all, the way he felt sitting here next to her.

Deidra didn't feel exactly good about lying to Lecie-her best friend since first grade. But damn, the girl was determined to leave the States without telling Nick the real reason she was going.

And Nick might not care, one way or another, but at least Deidra was going to know that she'd done everything possible to keep Lecie and Nick from parting on these terms. If there's one thing she'd learned from her grandmother's death, it was that life was short and you couldn't leave things to fate.

She pulled open Hang Ten's door, and a cool breeze wafted past her, carrying with it the scent of hamburgers and barbeque.

"Hey, Deidra..." Diane waved and hurried past.

"Is Nick here?" she called after the waitress.

"Yeah," she said over her shoulder. "He's in his office. Go on in."

Deidra nodded and proceeded onward. Her heart pounded against her chest, reminding her she was going behind Lecie's back. But that was beside the point.

Deidra shook off her fear and knocked on the office door. "Nick...?"

Within seconds the door opened and Nick was standing feet away, smiling. "Hey, Deidra." Almost instantly, his brow furrowed and his smile faded. "I thought you and Lecie were leaving today?"

"We are." She nodded. "But I wanted to talk to you before we go."

Nick stepped back and waved her in. Once she was inside, he closed the door and motioned toward the couch on the left wall. She sat, then he sat. They remained silent for several seconds, then Deidra sucked in a breath and asked, "Are you back together with Ginny?"

"What?" Nick blurted out with genuine surprise. At least it looked genuine. Maybe Nick was in the wrong business. Perhaps he should consider acting.

"She saw you two kissing, some weeks back." Deidra said, a little cooler than she would've liked. But no matter, it was done and now Nick knew that feigning innocence was not going to work with her.

"She?" he asked, still innocently.

"Lecie." Deidra's tone held the bite.

"Oh, no..." Nick hung his head. So he was kissing Ginny. Deidra realized she'd been holding onto a sliver of hope that it'd somehow turn out to be a misunderstanding. "She saw that?" Nick asked, as if the outcome would somehow change.

Deidra nodded emphatically. "You know...it's probably none of my business, but how can you go back to her after what she did to you?"

"I'm not back with her." Nick shook his head.

"Well, you were kissing her."

"Technically, she kissed me." A vile nature had taken over Nick's voice now. It was as if the topic of Ginny had put a bad taste in his mouth. "And right after that I escorted her out of the restaurant. And I didn't see Lecie here, anywhere, mind you."

"Well..." Deidra couldn't let go of her I told you so mind-set. "She saw you."

Nick was silent for several seconds. Then his eyes widened. "Is that why she's leaving?"

Deidra nodded.

"What time does your plane leave?"

"The de Laurent jet takes off tonight at six."

Nick looked like someone had stuck a pin in his favorite balloon. "I'm kidding myself," he said, shaking his head.

"Why?" Deidra asked, her tone carried a measure of hope. Obviously, Deidra knew something he didn't. Lecie liked him. In fact, Deidra suspected that Lecie was in love with Nick.

"She and I come from different worlds. She has a private jet at her disposal. I couldn't afford a deeply discounted ticket in coach." He shook his head, looking like he'd lost his best friend. "Her family would never accept me."

"Do you not remember her sisters-in-law?" Deidra asked.

"Yes." He nodded. "The fact that we're all Americans is the only thing we have in common."

Deidra leaned back and smiled. "Boy, have you got a lot to catch up on."

"What do you mean?"

"Remember Camille?" she asked, but didn't wait for him to respond. "She was a reporter when she married Lecie's eldest brother Julian." There was no need to go into all that reporter-pretending-to-be-an-actress bit. "And Tasha...the one you miraculously got sprung from jail?" She nodded. "She was an aspiring actress who made her living as a waitress when she married Andre. Yeah."

"You're joking, right?"

"I can call and you can ask them yourself." She offered her phone.

He was silent again for a time, then he stood and looked down at Deidra. "I've got to talk to her. Is she at the house?"

Deidra nodded and stood. "She was there when I left. As far as I know, she's not going anywhere before we head out to the airport."

"I hope you won't think I'm rude." He moved toward the door. "But I've got to go." And then he was gone.

Deidra sucked in a satisfying breath. Damn, she was good. She should do this shit for a living. Hook people up. She could be a matchmaker. Yeah.

Half-seriously considering it, she left Nick's office and went to the bar. She deserved a drink. Besides, she needed to give Nick and Lecie time to make up.

If this worked out the way she thought it would, she and Lecie wouldn't be going anywhere, which was good. She was not ready to leave California. Not yet.

Who knows, given a little time, she might find her own Americanized Prince Charming.

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

INSIDE THE FRONT DOOR OF LECIE'S HOUSE, expensive luggage crowded the foyer, bringing it home to Nick that she was truly leaving.

Damn. When the girl got an idea in her head, she didn't waste any time.

Gerard appeared in the entryway of the living room. "Ah...Mr. Matthews. Will you be requiring my services after Mrs. Matthews returns to France?"

Mrs. Matthews. He'd never heard anybody call her that. It was kind of shocking, and exhilarating. Once Nick got control of his senses and realized what Gerard had said, he laughed. Not a jovial laugh, but one of those, yeah, right kind of laughs. "That won't be necessary, Gerard." Hell, the guy probably made more money than Nick did.

"Very well, sir." Gerard looked like he wanted to say something, but decided against it and backed out of sight.

"Oh, wait...Gerard...?" Nick rushed after him and caught up to him in the living room. "Is Lecie upstairs?"

"No, sir." Gerard shook his head. "She left a while ago. I believe she said something about errands before heading to the airport."

Nick looked around at her luggage. It was still here. But of course it was. Lecie wasn't the kind of person who dealt with her own luggage. She had staff at her disposal for that.

Just when inferiority was about to overcome Nick, he swatted it away with a mental slap. He had more important things to do than get swallowed up by his own insecurities. He had to find her before that plane left the ground. Trouble was, he had no idea where to look.

Nick tried Lecie's cell, but got nothing. He checked back in at Hang Ten, but Lecie hadn't been there. He stopped by a couple of other places he knew she liked, but they hadn't seen her either.

He glanced at his watch. 5:00. Was she already at the airport? He tried her cell again. Still nothing.

On a whim he called Deidra, and was surprised when she answered. "Deidra, it's Nick. I've been looking for Lecie ever since I left you, but I can't find her anywhere. Is she with you now?"

"No, she's not." Deidra's voice sounded puzzled. "I thought you two would've met up by now." She was silent for a minute. "You have to tell her that Ginny's not back. That you don't want her back."

"I don't want Ginny back!" he insisted.

"Lecie doesn't know that."

"I know." He nodded, as if Deidra could see it. "I would tell her, if I could find her." Nick sucked in a breath, trying to quell the frustration that was starting to get the better of him.

"She's not at Hang Ten?" Deidra asked, and then started rattling off all the places she could think of that Lecie might be.

Nick had the same response for each location that Deidra suggested. He'd already been there and nobody had seen Lecie. At least, not today.

"Well, what about Dean...?" she asked. "Has he seen her?"

Dean. He was the only one Nick hadn't talked to. "I'll give him a call." About to hang up, he added, "Thanks for your help."

He heard Deidra chuckle just before he clicked off the call.

Nick wasn't feeling all that lucky when he set the call to Dean, but he was running out of options.

When he heard the call connect, Nick said, "Have you seen Lecie today?"

"What's the matter?" Dean said, a little too cheerily. "You lose her?"

"This is not funny," Nick said. "She's heading for France in..." He glanced at his watch. 5:30. "God, I'm so stupid, I should be at the airport right now." He shook his head. He'd never get to LAX by six o'clock.

"Why would you want to be there?"

"Her family's jet is taking off at six."

"Well if it is..." Dean said knowingly. "It'll be leaving without her."

"And what makes you so sure of that?"

"Because I'm looking at her right now."

"She's with you?" That surprised Nick, and it showed in his tone.

"No, she's not with me. She's just here."

"What's she doing?"

"She's sitting out in the common area on one of the couches."

"I'll be there in five minutes. Can you keep her there?"

"Of course I can keep her here." Dean laughed.

The call ended with a charge of excitement blasting through Nick. Finally, maybe things were going to go his way. He gassed it and passed the car in front of him. Now that he knew where she was he wanted to get there as soon as possible.

Rolling into the parking lot of the community center, a sense of peace fell over Nick when he saw her car. He pulled into the first available space he came across, threw the truck in park and headed inside.

Lecie was still sitting on a couch in the common area where furniture was quartered off for informal chats. Off to the left were a half a dozen tables and some countertop desks along the far wall. This area of the community center reminded Nick of an internet cafe. A long hallway off to the right led back to the gymnasium where the kids played basketball.

Lecie's back was to Nick. She was facing the wall where a dozen teenagers were gathered along the desks, utilizing-what was it? Computers? Damn, Lecie had really come through.

Nick went quietly to her couch and sat next to her. "Did you know that I've been looking everywhere for you?"

She sucked in a quick breath as she turned to him. "Nick..." she let his name and nothing more roll off her tongue.

"I never would've guessed in a million years that you'd be here." He laughed at himself. "I thought you were going back to France?"

She shrugged. "I missed my flight."

Happy laughter escaped him. "You own the plane."

"Well not really," she said. "It belongs to my family."

"Semantics." He tilted his head. "But either way, I'm glad. I would've had a hell of a time coming up with airfare to France."

She giggled. When her eyes met his again, her face filled with sadness. "Where's Ginny?"

"What you saw wasn't what it looked like."

"It looked like you were kissing."

"She's gone." He shook his head. "She's not the one I want." He hesitated for a moment, wanting very much to change the subject to something more agreeable. Like him and Lecie. "Were you really gonna disappear on me without a word?"

She looked at him. Her lips moved, ever so slightly, like she was trying to get the words to come out of her head.

Just when it was clear to Nick that no more words were coming, she kissed him, long and warm and satisfying.

Nick took it as an open invitation to move in closer, and cradled her face in his hands as he devoured her mouth urgently.

"Wait..." she whispered against his lips. "Are you sure about this?"

"I've never been more sure of anything in my life." He moved back far enough to look at her, but kept her face cradled in his hands. "It snuck up on me so quietly, I didn't even realize it was happening."

"What?" She searched his eyes for an answer.

"I fell in love with you," he said with a happy smile. "I know we're from very different worlds, and I'll never be able to give you all the material things someone more suited to you could do...but I can't imagine life without you, and...if you'll have me, I'll do my best to make you happy."

EPILOGUE

Six weeks later....

IN THE BACK YARD OF LECIE'S California home, she could see in her peripheral vision, her close friends and family sitting at elaborately decorated tables on the freshly manicured lawn.

Lecie wondered if they were as happy for her as she was for herself? She hoped so. She cut her eyes to the tables in the front row and into the faces of her immediate family. Mama and Papa. She let her gaze settle on Papa. He was smiling. She wouldn't have guessed that in a million years. Camille and Tasha, she decided, had softened him up to the idea of American in-laws.

Somewhere, in the far off reaches of reality, she vaguely heard the announcement, "Ladies and Gentleman...I give you Mr. and Mrs. Nick Matthews."

Nick squeezed her hands, bringing her wholly back into the moment as he drew her into his embrace for their first official dance as a couple.

Almost instantly, the faint clicking of silverware against glasses flowed out among their guests. Seconds later, it grew louder.

"They're clicking," Nick said, and she nodded. He gave her a devilish grin and whispered, "I think they want us to kiss."

"We wouldn't want to disappoint them, now would we?" She smiled, consumed with her love for him. She'd never imagined, or even dreamed that she could be this happy.

Nick's lips brushed against hers and she parted her mouth slightly. Their breaths intermingled with the tips of their tongues, ever-so-briefly, until they parted.

After a suitable amount of time, people began to join them on the dance floor. First, Lecie's family, including her parents, Camille and Julian, Tasha and Andre, and then their friends.

Maurice and Claudette sashayed up to them.

"Papa, Mama..." Lecie greeted them with such joy.

Nick had been happily relishing in the love he'd seen shining for him in Lecie's eyes. He hoped that light never went out. He'd do everything within his power to make sure it didn't.

Papa looked at Nick. "Do you mind?" he asked, offering the hand of his own wife to Nick.

"Not at all." Nick kissed Lecie on the cheek, relinquished her to her father and smiled at Claudette as he took her hand. "I'm honored to share the dance floor with you, Mrs. de Laurent," he said, mangling the family's last name with his American pronunciation.

"Oh, don't you dare be so formal with me." Claudette giggled. "You must call me Claudette."

Nick didn't argue, he simply smiled. He got the feeling that Claudette was a woman who was used to getting what she wanted.

"Might I be so bold?" she asked cautiously.

"By all means..." Nick gave her a friendly nod.

"I get the feeling that you will do everything within your power to make my daughter happy," she said, as if she really believed it.

"That you can count on," Nick said with absolute certainty.

"Even if it makes you uncomfortable?" There was an unmistakable tension in her voice.

He knew what she was getting at. Not necessarily the money so much as the lifestyle. Claudette wanted to make sure that he wasn't going to turn into one of those guys who would force his wife to live a deprived lifestyle just because he couldn't afford to give her more.

Nick gave Claudette his trademark grin, which was usually effective in lightening up the girls at the restaurant. He shot her a wink, and said, "I can assure you that whatever makes your daughter happy, is going to be a-okay with me."

Lecie and Maurice danced their way back over, and without a word, Maurice handed Lecie off to Nick and reclaimed his own wife.

"What did Mama say to you?" she asked, settling happily back into Nick's arms. He liked her there.

Nick shook his head, smiled, and said, "She just wanted to welcome me to the family." He twirled Lecie around a couple of times and laughed. "I'm just glad I didn't have to dance with your father."

Lecie's laughter pealed out and mingled pleasantly with the music.

"What was his fatherly advice?" Nick asked, and then let out a little nervous laugh, adding, "'It's not too late to have him whacked.'?"

"Hell, no!" she said sharply. "He wants to know when he's going to hear some good news." She glanced away shyly, her cheeks tainting crimson. "We've been married five minutes and he wants me knocked up already!"

Camille, Tasha, and Nick-most of all Nick-were wearing off on Lecie. She was really starting to sound like an American. At least she was using more and more American slang.

If Papa heard her say, knocked up, it would probably give him a heart attack.

"Are you happy, Mrs. Matthews?" Nick asked.

"I couldn't be happier," she said breathlessly.

"Good." He flashed her a dazzling smile and drew her closer. "I wouldn't have it any other way."

"And you, Mr. Matthews?" she inquired. "Are you happy?"

"From the moment you walked into my life." He brushed his lips against hers with a light, teasing kiss. Just enough to leave her breathless, anticipating the honeymoon.

Lecie had often looked upon her brothers over the last few years with envy. She not only envied the way they looked at their wives, but the way their wives looked at them in return. She'd never held out much hope that she might one day experience such joy. Lecie had always thought she'd have to live vicariously through her brothers.

But thanks to their uncle Edouard Renault-who was indirectly responsible for her meeting Nick-fate had indeed smiled upon Lecie.

She glanced up into her husband's enthralling brown eyes. The sound of it, my husband, made her giddy inside. But there in his eyes, she saw a deep, exhilarating love for her.

He scooped her up in his arms, sweeping her off her feet. "Are you ready?" he asked.

"For what?" She giggled.

He carried her past her parents, whose faces were filled with joy. On past Camille and Julian, Tasha and Andre, and the kids. Everyone had beaming smiles. "Say goodbye," he said, as they headed inside the house.

"Where are we going?" she asked, her voice full of happiness.

He carried her through the house and out the open front door. When he stopped at the limo waiting in the driveway, he said, "Our honeymoon." He gave her a scandalous grin, then winked, saying, "We've got to practice."

She asked in an almost serious tone, "What are we practicing for?"

"Making grandbabies!"

