ONE

"How are you doing, Emma?" Gabriel whispered close to my ear. His warm hand slid beneath my fluttery skirt and stroked my nak*d hip. I shifted my stance, doing my best not to give into my desire to lean into him.

"Good."

"Just good?"

I nodded, finding the alternative of admitting that I wasn't exactly comfortable worse. I felt exposed and a little unsure of myself-hardly the confident, sexy woman I wished to be around him.

Gabriel's palm cracked smartly against my backside. The throbbing pain took no time to sink inside my flesh. "Now, Emma. You know better than that. You're supposed to use your words to lie to me, remember?"

I gasped aloud, partly in pain and partly in shock. How the hell was he so damned perceptive?

"I'm sorry."

"Are you?" Gabriel questioned softly. "Or are you sorry because you got caught?"

He spoke so sweetly in my ear. The burn marking my skin declared him a tyrant. I lifted my chin and answered firmly, "Yes, I'm sorry."

"To which one?"

"Both."

Gabriel circled me, letting his fingertips lightly score my sensitive stomach before traveling around my hip and across my back. My skin erupted into goosebumps as I tried to focus on him.

"So you're just good, hmm?"

"Just good." I resisted the urge to pivot on my feet so I could follow where I expected him to be.

"What would take you from good to better? Tell me, Emma. I really must know, my sweet girl."

I loved it when he spoke to me like that. Gabriel reduced to me a quivering female puddle of desire. I reached out with my senses, seeking balance as a horde of emotions rioted. This was all still so new to me. I didn't know how much of my struggles were my natural reticence about the new turn in our relationship and how much was me just being me.

Controlling. Aloof. Invulnerable except when I was. A block of marble masquerading as a breathing woman named Emma Adams. For many years, I had liked being that hardened, impervious, and single-minded creature.

Until I met Gabriel again.

It was difficult to believe it'd only been a handful of weeks that this beautiful, glorious creature crashed into my life. Smiling like the sun, he'd dismantled me piece by piece within minutes. His playfulness, his audaciousness, his supreme willful arrogance wormed their way past my defenses.

Which became harder and harder to sustain.

If Gabriel attempted to use brute force to dominate me, my instinct would have easily risen up to fight back until he lost. But his sweetness...oh, his sweetness slayed me. It made me want to please him, to be worthy of his kindness and to please him so I could have more.

I really wasn't completely comfortable in discovering this about myself. Fear always took advantage when I least expected it, making my mind a pitted organ short-circuiting at the worst times. It was most strongly during those moments that I'd try to push Gabriel away long enough until I could get my bearings.

But he never really let me push him away. Gabriel stayed with me, working through my fear with the kind of gentle patience I never knew him capable of having. Even if his methods were unconventional...

If only I'd understood myself better, I would've done so many things differently. I wouldn't have been so anxious and unsure. Still, the only way I could learn is to go through it. Just like life.

You're sure to judge me harshly for being so afraid-especially when Gabriel obviously loved me. I wouldn't be able to blame you for your opinion either. Thinking back on it, I wanted to slap myself silly for wasting so much time and going in circles. I can't explain why the fear held me as strongly as it did. I just know that it did and I suffered terribly for it.

His elegant fingers pressed into my tender inner thigh, bringing me back to him. I remembered his question. What could he do to take me from good to better? If only I understood myself as well as he seemed to. I'm sure it was Gabriel's uncanny understanding that kept us together while I fought to make sense of our past, present, and future.

"I don't know, Gabriel. I...I'm really not sure."

He kissed the sensitive fold of my elbow. "That's unacceptable, Emma. We'll simply have to find the answer together then, won't we?"

I almost smiled. Patient. So very patient. "I'm good, Gabriel. Really."

"I don't want you to just be good. I want you to feel divine, my little goddess."

Standing on a literal pedestal, with my arms securely bound in front of me with yards of red ribbons and my body draped in a short virgin-white Grecian gown, I experienced a twinge of divinity. I was his goddess for the moment-one to be admired yet possessed. I wondered what Gabriel's expression held as he looked at me.

Pride? Lust? Yearning? Love?

I didn't know because I was blindfolded.

Gabriel's kiss ghosted on my upper thigh. Warmth settled low in my belly. I itched to run my fingers through his golden hair as my lips crashed into his. My captivity punished even as it heated my blood. Gabriel was right-this truly would be an exercise in patience and control. The ache for him already etched itself deep in my bones.

Denial and anticipation...it was the latest game I'd slowly learned to play with my devilish Gabriel Gordon.

You make me want you more and more each day. And it's driving me insane.

I'd become dangerously attached to Gabriel, needing and yearning for his presence. It mostly agreed with me. My work at Med-Tech as a junior analyst was still impeccable. Once I accepted my feelings completely and this came later, I flowed through my day in a strange combination of detachment and full awareness. Nothing bothered me-traffic clogging up before my exit, a delayed data import-all of it were simple problems with easy fixes.

Until Gabriel got involved.

The itch started usually about thirty minutes before lunch. My fingers became clumsy, hitting the wrong key two or three times before getting it right. I'd look at the computer clock every few seconds, irrationally behaving as if my attention would make time go faster. I could swathe the situation in lovely words of love, but it'd be an untruth.

I was a junkie needing a fix. A fix that came only when my phone rang.

"Hello, Emma."

Oh God, how those two words dominated my world! Silken, they poured over me, making everything in my sphere right again. I'd calm instantly, able to perform as if I hadn't been trembling inside with insatiable longing.

At first, I didn't want Gabriel to know how badly I'd come to depend on him, even though giddiness would take such a vicious hold of me that I could barely keep from grinning. Breathless with pure happiness, I always felt like the teenage girl I'd never let myself truly become. I'd still somehow managed to answer him coolly, but only out of prideful habit.

Another product of fear that I'd allowed to spin out of control. It was an unnecessary barrier that encouraged me to run away from my true feelings.

"Hello, Gabriel."

He wasn't fooled by my impersonal response because the next words never changed.

"How are you surviving the day without me so far, my dearest love?"

His dearest love. I was Gabriel Gordon's love. That brilliantly damaged, gloriously depraved, wicked angel was in love with me. I could barely believe it, especially considering our checkered past.

I still couldn't help but wonder what exactly the fascination he had for me. Nostalgia? Challenge? Or maybe Gabriel really was more a masochist than a sadist?

My backside currently disagreed with that last question.

After Gabriel's daily call, I'd meet him for lunch a few minutes later. Cuddled in his arms, arms wrapped around his waist and head on his chest, it was homecoming. I trembled from need, much as if I was on the verge of fever. Gabriel's body shook the same as mine.

I didn't have to wonder if this was the healthiest reaction to have towards one another.

"Gabriel?" I suddenly asked, mind shying away from the implications of our voracious needs.

"Yes?"

"How come you never text me instead of calling?"

His answer came swiftly. "I can't stand texting."

"Really? Why?"

"It's impersonal. Something I am definitely not with you. Does it bother you that I don't text?"

"No...I just wanted to know."

"Really? Your mind is straying, Emma. That is no good, my girl."

Silence reigned. I turned my head from one side to the other, blindly looking for Gabriel. I whispered his name, wondering if he was simply staring at me. "Are you there? Gabriel?" My bound arms stretched, fingers seeking any part of him to touch.

His steps echoed, communicating to my straining ear that he'd walked away. I couldn't hear him anymore. Panic lit a switch. I nearly jumped down from the pedestal. I didn't want to stand here alone in his leased penthouse's entry way like a discarded statue. The point was to be studied and enjoyed-not ignored.

Gabriel's silken voice came from far away. "Emma, you're not alone. Stand still...don't move...that's the way of it...perfect. Just like that, Emma. Just like that. You're doing so well, my dearest love. So well."

My heartbeat slowed. I calmed down, locking my body in place so it wouldn't break form and leap from the pedestal like a statue come to life. I didn't want to lose and I definitely didn't want to disappoint Gabriel.

And it would.

Despite how gentle and sweet he was during my training, I'd occasionally catch signs of worry in his beautifully blue gaze. Despite my commitment to immersing myself fully into this unique part of his life, I'd had several crashes. I knew Gabriel worried that eventually I'd tire of it all and walk away. That I couldn't really be what I wanted to be for him. That the pressure would finally break me and I'd run.

I wanted to promise Gabriel that would never happen. I wanted to swear to him that I'd never leave him, but I didn't. Not because I wasn't sure, but because Gabriel's doubts and fears ran as hard as mine.

Nothing I said would soothe the worry gnawing away at his contentment. The only way out was through. And not just for him.

I too suffered the disquiet that one day Gabriel would decide I wasn't compatible. That I was too afraid, too insecure, too belligerent-basically too much trouble to undertake-especially when all he had to do was go the nearest discreet club for a submissive woman who'd instinctually know exactly how to stand on a pedestal.

My pride vehemently growled in protest. Even now, I hated even thinking something so negative about myself. I was a woman who'd overcome poverty to get a full ride into a prestigious university. I worked for a successful company in the medical field and I'd done it all on my own. No family connections. No charity.

I can stand on a damned pedestal with the best of them!

Although squared in spirit, I softened my shoulders and dipped my chin closer to my chest. My knee came up, bent at a gentle angle. The stiffness eased out of my limbs as I imagined them to be soft and malleable like clay, instead of unyielding like marble.

Clay. I'm clay in his hands, ready to be sculpted and turned into something of indescribable beauty because those hands love me. They are mine.

A small smile curved my lips. Joy blossomed inside, melting into every muscle and sinew and vein. I was worthy of this and more. Fear wasn't going to defeat me. Not anymore.

I was done being afraid-no matter how many times it crept back up again.

Gabriel's slow, deliberate footsteps echoed against the marble floor as he came towards me. "There she is. There's my goddess." Gabriel reached me. His hand caressed my calves. "I love you, Emma."

My smile deepened for a moment before contracting.

"Can you do something for me?" he whispered.

"Anything."

I felt a ribbon slide against my ankles. My muscles tightened in response.

"Trust me, Emma."

I obeyed with only the barely imperceptible hesitation, blissfully enamored of his touch as it skimmed across my calves. "I'm ready."

"Almost. Not quite." Gabriel gentled me with patient strokes for as long as I apparently needed them. "Better?"

"Yes."

"Are you ready to proceed then?" He asked the question only because he knew the answer. He needed to hear the words, my words, the ones that would allow him to do what he pleased.

I nodded and then caught myself. Words. "Yes, Gabriel."

"Very good." I didn't have to see his smile to feel it shine over me.

I stood perfectly still while Gabriel wrapped my legs as he had my arms. Each satin loop bound me tighter and tighter. There would be no hopping off my pedestal. I would be forced to stand there until Gabriel saw fit to lift me down.

My captivity suddenly excited me beyond words. I didn't want to leave. Ever.

So again, how did this happen exactly? How did I go from being a block of marble to something much more malleable? The telling was going to do little to clear it up, but I was willing to try.

Three weeks ago I'd run into Gabriel Gordon, billionaire extraordinaire who also happened to be my first love. He'd wooed me aggressively, going so far as to move into the apartment next to mine.

Gabriel easily slipped past my guard, upending my whole life until I couldn't imagine it without him again. He'd accomplished this so quickly that I had no choice but to admit to myself that I'd never really gotten over him.

Gabriel brought color back into my colorless world. He coaxed me to experience the world with him, to let myself smile. Although wary, I'd been willing to try again with Gabriel. Those first few days had been wonderful beyond belief. I'd found myself captivated and charmed by his eagerness to please me. Gabriel made no secret of how much he wanted to be with me, but he was bound and determined to be a gentleman.

Which meant no sex. Not even a kiss on the lips.

That had been tough to deal with, and there were a few times I'd wanted to manhandle Gabriel and have my wicked way with him. Still, I'd understood why he wanted to take that tact. Seven years before Gabriel and I had slept together on Prom night-even though he wasn't my date.

It didn't go well.

At that time, back when I was just a girl, I couldn't even comprehend Gabriel's interest in me being serious. Although he'd been pursuing me for a month beforehand, I'd erroneously believed he just wanted another notch in his belt. My mother worked as a maid for families like his-I'd seen firsthand how the young men of the households treated girls like me. The idea being that just because their fathers paid the salaries, the young daughters were part and parcel of that transaction.

I refused to ever be up for sale. Just as I refused to ever let someone use me for sex, sport, or pleasure. Look down at me if you will. Use me? Never.

Even if that wasn't enough, I'd seen Gabriel go through a large portion of the female population during four years of high school. Not all of them students either. When he turned his sights on me, I was convinced it was only because he hadn't gone slumming and wanted to give it a try.

I'd often lament the fact that if only the school district line had stopped a mile east, I wouldn't have had to go to Pine Woods and be subjected to the difficulties that comes from being a handful of poor students in a wealthy school district.

Just in case you hadn't yet guessed by my tone-it wasn't fun.

Like I said, Gabriel pursued me for a month senior year, refusing to leave my side even when that meant he only talked to himself while I sat next to him mutely. As much as I didn't show it, the truth was I'd been aware of him all throughout the four years of school. Staring at him discreetly, I saw something more than a spoiled, cynical, beautiful boy.

Safe in my desk behind him, or further back in the hallways, I wondered why someone so sought after, so adored, seemed so alone. Behind the easy smiles, I saw glimpses of incredible sadness and volcanic anger. I responded to it even though I didn't want to. So when Gabriel confronted me outside of Prom, drunk and angry that I refused to dance with him, I lashed out. So did he.

And somewhere between anger and hurt, our lips found one another. Our bodies naturally followed suit.

I gave Gabriel my virginity and he gave me his heart. Only one of us recognized the exchange.

After hours of lovemaking and whispered confidences, I slipped out of his bed in the dawn hour, convinced I'd just made a terrible mistake. I steeled myself and refused to think of anything other than my future goals-perfect GPA, scholarships, college, degree, and white collar job. None of that was going to happen if I didn't get my head on straight. I didn't have time for love, especially with a boy who'd never see me the way I saw him.

Now I knew how very wrong I was.

When Gabriel showed up on my porch, flowers in hand and smiling like I'd never seen him before, I crushed the heart I didn't even know I carried in my hand. I turned Gabriel away and doomed our love before it had a chance to bloom. Trampled but not destroyed, our feelings for one another lay beneath the surface for seven long years.

Until my company moved into Obelisk Pointe-Gabriel's building. In a ridiculously cliched twist of fate, Gabriel and his assistant got into the same elevator that I was in-despite my attempts to avoid crossing paths. We reconnected, I agreed to be his date for a fundraiser that evening, and then we met his ex Embry.

How soon I was to find out that Embry and Gabriel weren't all they appeared.

Despite the terribly awkward encounter of tripping over his former love and the anger it roused in me, Gabriel managed to salvage the night. We stuffed ourselves with Chinese food and lively conversation. He then spent the next day moving into an apartment next to mine, crashing through any socially-accepted boundaries and somehow making it all okay with me. We shopped for his place, enjoying ourselves tremendously, and even went to the zoo the next day.

Our outing was cut short and little did I know the real reason as to why. I'd assumed it was business. After all, billionaires didn't become billionaires on a whim or by following conventional business hours.

Five days after meeting Gabriel again I found out that I'd assumed wrong.

As easygoing as he was, my newfound boyfriend refused to have me over at his penthouse. He declared it a place of unhappiness, which explained why he was putting it up for sale. When I got a text from him to come over, I was surprised to say the least. Even so, I made my way over and ended up in the biggest fight of my life.

Gabriel was drunk, belligerent, and in agony. He lashed out at me, accusing me of not accepting him and just seeing him as an immoral pile of cash. I had to admit he wasn't too far off the mark. Somehow we made up, but the words festered between us.

Then Embry happened.

She contacted me the next morning and led me to the private engagement she was having with Gabriel. One I didn't know anything about. My complicated obsession had lied, crying off lunch with me because he was swamped with work.

Just thinking about it again made me want to kick Gabriel. Thankfully for him I wasn't in any position to do so. Gabriel, attuned to me as always, sensed my sudden anger. He paused in the task of wrapping my calves and kissed the tender spots above both knees. It was only after I relaxed that Gabriel continued.

I'd confronted him that afternoon about Embry and their assignation, mentally and emotionally ready to cut any ties we'd managed to develop. I was and maybe still am ruthless that way. I wasn't going to be used, nor was I ever going to let myself be just one of many women.

I'd rather spend an eternity alone than to love someone more than he loved me.

It was then I found out secret lunches were the least of our problems.

Embry helpfully shared that my sweet, charismatic Gabriel had a sexual predilection for dominance and sadism. She'd been his submissive and was nearly his fiance. The penthouse he didn't want me in? Well, that had been their home.

Not only that, but Gabriel didn't just bump into me accidentally the Friday before. He'd been aware of my presence in his building since day one. After seeing me in passing, he'd gone home and ended his relationship with Embry. From there, he had bided his time, waiting for Embry to move out of their penthouse before approaching me.

As if all of that weren't enough, Gabriel was having me followed. As Embry had eloquently phrased it "That's what people like us do with the ones we love."

Embry expected the confession of Gabriel's D/S needs to be the catalyst to tear us apart. Both of them were surprised to find out I wasn't totally ignorant to their lifestyle. I'd had a Domme for a roommate in college, so I understood more of Gabriel and his needs than not. That I could forgive and even understand why he'd wanted to keep it quiet-especially considering his father had made it a point to regularly beat his mother and Gabriel.

What I didn't want to forgive was his lying.

So I flipped over a dining cart and ran like hell for Obelisk Pointe. I bitterly regretted letting myself fall for the brooding angel of my past. Our brief, glorious, magical union was in the past for a reason and I should've never let it cross into my present. I'd wanted to quit my job, to hole up somewhere and cry a river until it flooded the city.

I did neither of those things. Despite Gabriel catching me on the sidewalk, I managed to hold my head up high and make it through the rest of the day as if nothing had happened. I was very good at that game. I would patch myself up and then move on as if Gabriel Gordon had never entered my life. I'd done it once before. I could do it again.

That evening Gabriel waited for me outside of our apartment complex. I managed to lock myself in my apartment, even though Gabriel had a key. He banged on the door, I told him to go away, but eventually I let him in. From there, Gabriel answered my questions and I forgave him. Oh, and we had hot sex. Simple, no?

No, it wasn't. Then again, when do love stories ever unfold simply? Especially between two people as strange and unconventional like us?

It's messy. It's blood. It's life.

"There! All done." Gabriel breathed, "You asked me how I see you. Does this answer your question, my precious Emma?"

I gingerly shifted. My legs were securely bound to one another. I wasn't going anywhere. I smiled widely, despite being blindfolded and tied. "Yes, Gabriel."

TWO

Tuesday

Two Weeks Earlier

"Emma?" he whispered sweetly in my ear. "Where do we go from here?"

I held him tighter, flattened that I had no real idea. All I knew was that I loved Gabriel, I was mad for him, and I just couldn't let him go.

"Wherever we go, we go together, Gabriel."

Gabriel sighed long and deep. His entire body shuddered, relaxing until the delicious weight threatened to crush me. I merely tightened my hold.

"Are you trying to squeeze me to death, Emma? I don't think you have the arms for it, my love."

His playful banter summoned a small smile. "Maybe. After all, I'm still mad at you."

"I'm sorry to hear that, baby. I really am." He kissed my shoulder. The warmth from his lips lingered beautifully.

"As you should."

"You're going to hold a grudge, aren't you?"

I smiled and leaned forward to nip his throat. "Are you saying I shouldn't?"

"No," Gabriel groaned. "I'm just hoping you don't. I wish we could start over again as if the last three days had never happened. Wouldn't that be lovely, Emma?"

"Yes, it would." I sighed, grumpy that reality intruded as it always did. I released my hold on him and pushed gently at his broad shoulders. "Gabriel, I need to get up."

I thought he was going to refuse me when he kissed my neck. Instead, Gabriel peppered the curve with several soft kisses before rising. I felt his still-hard, thick shaft slide out of me wetly. I groaned, belatedly realizing how much I'd lost my head in the heat of the moment. And maybe worse-I still wanted more of him regardless of the consequences.

I always lose whatever sense I have around Gabriel. It's a dangerous, dangerous way of being.

Although I wanted to cuddle closer to my lover, I needed to clean myself as quickly as possible. So I sat up, skirt wrinkled and stained, and gingerly made my way into the bathroom. Gabriel followed silently. I didn't have to wonder at his refusal for distance.

I felt the same. I just didn't want to show it.

I shed what little clothes I still wore, strangely without reserve since I'd yet to be nude in front of Gabriel. I started the shower before turning around. Gabriel's gaze roamed over my body. His mouth parted slightly and he took a step forward.

"Emma-"

"We shouldn't have done that," I blurted out while holding my hands up.

He froze. His gaze darkened dangerously. "What? Don't say that, Emma!"

I can't deny the thrill I felt when he took another step. I gestured towards my thighs. "No, I mean we shouldn't have had unprotected sex."

Gabriel shook his head as if clearing it. "Oh. I don't usually lose control like that. I'm clean...just so you know. I've always been very careful." Gabriel flushed, vulnerable in a way that I rarely saw him. "I'm sorry. Not about what we did but because of...well...bringing up my past. Fuck, I'm sorry, Emma!"

"Hey," I murmured as I closed the distance between us. "It's not just you, Gabriel. I was there too. And I know you're far from being a virgin. It's all in the past. It doesn't always have to be here in the present with us right now. We're trying to build a new life, right? Let it start now."

Where did this need to soothe him come from? Especially considering how just a few hours ago I'd held his sordid past against him. Strangely enough though, I meant every word. It surprised me as much as it did Gabriel. I wanted us to start over again.

"Do you mean it?"

I nodded firmly. "I said we're in this together. I meant it."

"Emma, you're a saint. No, a goddess."

"And you're going to make my head so big it will explode." I leaned up on tiptoe and kissed him. Gabriel's arms immediately wrapped around my waist. He squeezed me until I let out an undignified squeak. Gabriel chuckled and lifted me up and walked us both against the wall.

"I'll worship you the rest of my days, Emma. There will never be another above you. You are my world, Emma. My entire world..."

I whispered his name. Lust ignited as my tongue darted in his open mouth. I wrapped my legs around his waist and fisted his hair. Gabriel's large hands cupped my backside, fingers spreading wide. I shuddered, feeling the goosebumps rise all over my skin. My n**ples tightened with each brush against his dress shirt. It was unbearably erotic to be nak*d while Gabriel was fully clothed. I murmured as much to him.

Gabriel's heavy-lidded gaze burned into mine. "Emma, I want you. Here and now."

I wanted him too. Very much so. Which is why I hated saying, "We can't."

"Why not?"

"Because..." I moaned when he dipped down to suck my nipple into his warm mouth. "Because I don't have any condoms and I'm not on the pill."

Gabriel bit down, pulling my pebbled flesh gently with his teeth before laving the small sting with his tongue. He repeated it on my other breast. I was two seconds away from losing all sense again.

"I'm not on anything, Gabriel. Did you hear me?" I panted while closing my eyes.

"Loud and clear. I just don't care."

My fingers curled as he greedily sucked my nipple. "You say that now. Nine months from today though..."

Gabriel's mouth released me. He rested his head against mine and swore, "Nine months or nine years. It doesn't matter. I would absolutely love having a baby with you. A little girl that looks just like you but with my eyes. Or a little a boy. Or both. Twins even. Can't you just see it, Emma?"

I could. The image of Gabriel holding two infants in his arms captured me. Breathless and not solely from carnal desire, I shook my head to forcibly clear away the fey images of a life that would mostly likely never exist-no matter how much I'd love for it otherwise.

I wanted Gabriel. I was mad for him and I believed he felt the same, but forever? I didn't dare hope just yet. Things were too raw, too unknown to hold those kinds of dreams.

"You don't mean that. You just want to have sex right now. Soon you'd regret it."

"I'd never regret having a child. I'd especially never regret having one with you."

"Is that what you tell all the girls?" I didn't mean to say it and I didn't why I did.

"No, just you." My expression must've plainly dictated my thoughts because he followed up with, "Why is that so hard for you to believe?"

No traces of humor lay on his face. Gabriel's solemn expression challenged me. I felt my ears burn from embarrassment at how pitiful it all made me look. I wiggled, trying to get him to let me down. Gabriel merely pressed me harder against the wall.

"Answer me, Emma."

The logical words tumbled out. "We're moving too fast, Gabriel."

"And you're avoiding an answer." His command came out like slow fire, licking away at me and compelling me to melt at his will. "Tell me, Emma. Why's it so hard for you to believe me?"

My gaze flicked away. Staring at him, being bound by his gaze flayed me too close to the bone. I felt Gabriel had complete access to my tender insides when he looked at me like that. I hated it. I loved it. I hated it again.

As always, Gabriel saw through me all too well.

"Oh, my dear sweet Emma," he crooned softly. "One day you won't be so afraid of being vulnerable in front of me. One day you'll understand that it doesn't rob you of strength, nor does it make you weak in my eyes. Vulnerability just makes you human. You are the strongest woman I've ever known. Nothing could ever change that. So be strong out there...with me let yourself just be. All right?"

I blinked away a sudden rush of tears. His words made me feel invincible beautiful, and adored. Which is why it felt so bad to be feeling what I felt. I drew in a deep breath and braved looking back into the crystalline orbs. "I'm afraid."

"I know. I know you are. I'm afraid too. I've drowned in it for the last week. It's exhausting, isn't it?"

Gabriel's gentleness inspired my honesty. "Yes. I don't like it."

"Neither do I." He came closer. "You don't have to suffer this alone, Emma. I'm here to share your burden." When I stayed silent he simply said, "Let me help you, baby. Just one confession. That's all I'll ask you to share for now. I promise. Anything past that will be up to you."

I stiffened, feeling weak in a way that I'd always despised-especially in front of Gabriel. The idea of confession appealed to me though. Unburdening myself of the words slinking about my mind like an intruder, being able to expose them to light-anything to reduce the power of my ever-present fear-loosened my tongue. And so, I began the tentative words. "I don't believe you really mean it when you say things like that."

"Why? Don't you believe me when I say I love you?"

"It's just that we're in the heat of the moment and..." My tongue knotted again. Everything seemed so logical and right in my world until Gabriel questioned it. I didn't know why this was so hard for me. I also didn't understand why we needed to talk about something that seemed pretty damned obvious.

"And, Emma?" he prompted softly.

"Do we really need to talk about this right now?" I snapped and then instantly felt bad for doing so. He didn't deserve it.

Gabriel tilted his head, studying me earnestly and without anger. "Yes, we do. The fact you don't want to shows we absolutely do."

"It's not that big of a surprise, Gabriel. I'd hate for us to both throw caution to the wind and end up being single parents down the line when we're not ready." My confession came out faster, easier. "My mom went through it. Every day brought new worries and there was never enough money. Trust me-it wasn't fun. I was on a first name basis with guilt during my childhood."

"Why did you feel guilty, Emma?"

I wanted to force his attention elsewhere. I didn't like being this open with anyone, especially the person who'd held my fascination tightly. I sounded pitiful...raw...less than.

I hated it.

Gabriel waited patiently despite the seconds ticking by. He didn't push or prod me further. He simply waited. I had a strong suspicion he'd wait until the end of time. There was no avoiding it. I plowed through, hoping the faster I confessed, the faster we'd move past the embarrassing words.

"I felt guilty because my mom wouldn't have had to struggle so much if it wasn't for me. She wouldn't have had to work as a maid, dependent on some rich woman's whims. She wouldn't have had to sacrifice so much. Her life would've been much easier if I hadn't been there."

"Did she ever say that?"

"No. I know how much she's struggled. She wouldn't have had to do that if it wasn't for me."

"Maybe, but I doubt she's regretted you. She couldn't have loved you so much if she regretted you. And she loved you so much, didn't she?"

My throat closed up. I nodded. I thought of her, of how proud she's always been of me. No, she didn't regret having me but I regretted that my existence made life harder for her. That's why I couldn't let anyone or anything interfere with my goals. I needed to be successful, not only for pride's sake, but to have the money and power to improve my mother's life.

And I'd been willing to do anything to make that happen. Including not allowing myself to love the man in front of me. Did it make me a bad daughter because I felt the price was too high?

Gabriel smiled. "Besides, she's raised a magnificent woman, don't you know?"

"Stop." Heat touched my neck and face.

"Oh, am I making you blush? Why yes I am!"

I cleared my throat and pretended that I wasn't flaming six shades of red. "Whatever. It's not the right time for us to stop being careful."

His teasing gaze softened. "Relax, baby. I'm not purposely trying to get you pregnant right now. I'm just saying that if you did get pregnant, I'd be over the moon. That's all."

I caught my lip with my teeth. Gabriel looked so fervent I couldn't help but believe him-no matter how much it scared me. "You like me that much?"

"No. I love you that much." He put me back on my feet. "Go take your shower. I'll be back in a few minutes to join you."

"Where are you going?"

Gabriel's lop-sided grin quickened my breath. "To go get condoms from my apartment. Lots of them."

"Lots?" I squeaked out.

"Oh, yes. Lots and lots of them, Emma. Boxes." He leaned down and licked the corner of my mouth. "I'm going to f**k you raw tonight, baby, didn't you know?"

My stomach dropped in craven anticipation. "You're so sure of yourself."

"No, but I do what I can to put the odds in my favor." His fingertips stroked my side. "How am I doing so far?"

"Really, really well."

He preened. "As I planned all along."

"You, Sir, are not as all-powerful as you'd like to think you are." I linked my arms around his waist. "You're just spoiled. Simply spoiled and I'm not helping the matters any by giving you your way."

Gabriel's mischievous grin didn't try to deny it. "Go now, baby. Go before I forget and give you twins right here, right now."

Reluctantly, I let go of him. "How do you do this to me, Gabriel?" I didn't have to explain further. He understood. He always understood me.

"Probably the same way you do it to me."

I arched on the balls of my feet and kissed him sweetly. There was so much to talk about and go over, but right now I just wanted to revel in the rareness of being with someone who really understood me. Flaws and all.

"I'm so glad I found you again, Gabriel," I whispered against his lips.

"I thought I found you."

Laughter bubbled up in my throat. I leaned back, eyes closed. "I'll crucify you for that. Later."

"My palms itch for it, Emma." Gabriel's lips seared the tender spot behind my ear. "Be gentle to the man who loves you."

I almost collapsed in a boneless heap. Somehow I managed to pull away and stepped into the shower. I peeked around the closed curtain. "Hurry, Gabriel."

He lunged forward and captured my mouth in a heated, lusty kiss. Only when I was breathless and a near-amnesiac did he release me long enough to growl, "Wait for me."

And just like that, Gabriel shifted the balance of power over to him. I knew it. I just didn't care.

"Hurry."

He left me with a wolfish grin and I waited. Just like instructed.

THREE

True to his word, Gabriel f**ked me raw. Well, maybe not quite, but I could barely move after three plus hours of lovemaking. The sound of his steady breathing lulled me into staying sprawled across his chest. I walked my fingers down his side, delighting in the jump of his taut muscles.

This felt like home. This felt right. This felt like forever and I was too satiated to be scared of the consequences, even though I knew it was bound to gnaw away at my contentment.

Gabriel had joined me in the shower only a few minutes after leaving me. He didn't say a word. Gabriel simply allowed his touch to speak for him. His hands faithfully washed my body, exploring every curve with tender care.

Hunger overcame me. I wanted him then and there. Gabriel's physical reaction showed he obviously felt the same, but he didn't take what I so plainly offered. Instead, he held me back to front. One strong arm claimed the area between breast and belly. The other slid further down.

Gabriel's fingers danced across my damp flesh. He tormented me with feather-light strokes before delving deeper. I broke apart quickly, sobbing his name while my h*ps twisted against his fingers.

Then Gabriel made me do it again. And again.

Only when I clung to him limply did he lift me up and carry me off to my bed. Normally my mind would scurry to and fro as I wondered if I needed to change the sheets into something nicer than my worn, but comfortable, striped flannel set. I was too tired to fret.

Besides, none of this was really about the sheets, was it?

Gabriel pulled back the comforter and placed me carefully in the middle of the bed. He then sat down next to me and kissed my hand. I tried to pull him towards me, needing Gabriel to join me in bed. He resisted, easily proving his muscles weren't just for show.

Gabriel was immovable, much like his will in trapping me inside his heart. Or maybe he didn't trap me at all. Maybe I closed the cage door behind me myself.

I laid there and submitted to his lazy-lidded gaze. I imagined myself to be his precious concubine of sort, captured for his sole pleasure. I can't deny that I warmed to the fantasy. My limbs stretched before rearranging themselves in what felt like artful display.

"What are you thinking?" he asked softly, throaty voice sliding over me like liquid silk.

I grinned. My gaze suddenly found the ceiling interesting. "I'm wondering how much would you have paid to steal me away?"

I peeked to find the corner of Gabriel's mouth lifted in a gorgeous smirk. He played with me so easily. "I wouldn't have paid a single cent. I would've simply taken you." My hand found its way to his lips. Gabriel's tongue flicked along the sensitive line between thumb and palm. "Do you want to hear how it happened?"

"Yes, I do."

"I would've rode into town and immediately spotted you drawing water."

"Water? So I'd be a town wench? Or a servant girl, perhaps?"

"I'm not sure what century you're imagining, but in my imagination you're far from a wench."

I couldn't help but laugh at his haughty tone. Gabriel was perfect at sounding the aristocrat. "Really? Tell me more."

"You were a neglected, untouched member of some despot's harem. I, of course, could not allow you to continue in such tragic circumstances."

"Ah, if I were a harem girl then you'd never see me. I'm afraid your story has failed." I rubbed his lower lip, pushing lightly against the full curve.

Gabriel nipped my thumb. "I'm rearranging history to suit the story because I can."

"Very well. Continue, my lord."

He growled low in his throat. "Calling me 'my lord' like that will hardly make me want to spin pretty tales, Emma."

"That's not a threat, my lord."

"Naughty girl. Now I'll definitely tell our story." Gabriel rested his hand on my stomach. "I invaded this despot's kingdom, laying waste to any and all who stood in my way. I didn't even have to force my way into the walled city. The open gates pleaded for clemency. I entered the palace only to be greeted by a kneeling army."

I pictured the grandiose courtyard, enjoying the made-up story that only seemed romantic because of the man telling it. A psychiatrist could have a field day with the symbolism I'm sure. Still, I settled into the telling, wondering how I fit into Gabriel's fantastical tale.

"What happened next?"

"I entered the inner court, expecting to find the soon-to-be-deposed lord waiting with a small army of guards ready to hack my body to pieces. Instead, I find you sitting by a pond."

"I thought I was drawing water."

"I was mistaken originally. Now hush." Gabriel waited until I bit my lip as a sign of my silence. He petted me as reward. "So there you were, a glorious vision dressed in jade green. I summoned you to my side. Not surprisingly, you didn't obey. Instead, you stood there with your chin raised up and dared me to do my worst. Reminds me of how you are now. Not much changes between lifetimes, do they?"

"How did you know I wasn't bait?"

"Of course you were."

He was quiet for so long that I had to prompt him to continue. "So then what happened?"

Gabriel fingertip drew an intricate pattern around my navel. "I approached you. You had blades in your sleeves, blades meant for me."

"You weren't afraid?"

"I wanted you more."

"So did I try to kill you?"

"No. You stared me down. Just when I wondered when your knife would come for my throat, you turned around and guided me to your old master."

"Just like that?"

"Just like that. I cannot account for what was going through your mind when you decided to spare my life. Maybe you thought you'd take it for your own later. Maybe you hated your former master and chanced a better life with me. I never knew."

"Never?"

Gabriel's beautiful gaze mine. Pride and yearning flashed within. "A woman's secrets are always her own. A man can sooner move a mountain than invade where he has not been invited."

Clever, clever man. I enjoyed his tact as much as I enjoyed his gift of fancy. "What happened next?"

"I gave the old lord a choice-his head and his kingdom or you."

"Which one did he choose to give?"

"As if you didn't know...you of course." Gabriel leaned closer. His warm breath touched my collarbone. "I traded an entire kingdom to have you. My armies retreated and I rode away with the only thing I suddenly ever really wanted. The end."

"That's a beautiful tale, Gabriel." I arched my back and was blessed by his lips on my skin.

"Hmm...you should've seen their honeymoon. Non-stop sex for those two! He almost lost control of his armies because he could barely gather the strength to hold up his sword. She nearly forgot the assassin she trained to be and became fat and happy with his babies for the next fifteen years. Thankfully her lightening quick reflexes saved many a toddler from a nasty tumble, don't you know."

Gabriel's tongue stole a taste before sitting up. His lopsided grin didn't quite match the assessing gleam in his eyes. "Still like the story-normal ending and all?"

"Like I said-it was a beautiful tale."

"Glad to know you enjoyed it, baby."

I reached out and cupped his firm jaw, charmed beyond all good sense. "I liked it so much I wish it was real."

"Who says it isn't?"

Before I could say another word Gabriel settled his body on mine and kissed me until I couldn't see straight. His hand fisted my hair, tugging harder the longer we kissed. I gasped in pleasured pain and he immediately let go. Gabriel kissed his way down my body, tasting me intimately until I cried out his name. He then made use of the box on my nightstand.

The next hours were passionate, toe-curling, can't-remember-my-own-name kind of lovemaking. Gabriel made me explode so many times-on my back, on my knees, on my side, and over him. Gabriel loved me hard, soft, and everything in-between. It was better than anything I could've ever imagined.

And normal. Completely normal.

I couldn't deny my disappointment.

The end of contentment begins...

I grimaced, knowing what I was going to ask and wondering if I was more a masochist than I ever suspected. I kissed his chest, savoring the taste of Gabriel's skin. Fear branded me. I didn't want to face my future or how I did or didn't fit into his.

Maybe I could save it for another time?

"Emma, soon enough I won't be able to walk." His arms closed tight around my waist. "Have mercy upon my weary body, love."

A miserable sigh seeped out of me. Avoidance seemed to be the best choice for happiness. It just wasn't my way. Stupid me, right?

"Oh, don't be sad, baby. We'll be limp-legged together."

Knowing there was nothing for it, I plowed straight ahead. "Gabriel, I need to know more about Embry."

He tipped my chin up with one finger. His gaze no longer appeared sleepy and satiated. Distaste crawled across his countenance. "Do we really have to talk about her? Here? Now?"

"Yes." Gabriel let go of me. I reluctantly sat up. Pulling the sheet over my chest and shifting in the bed until I sat next to him, I said quietly, "Here. Now."

"What do you want to know?"

I had Gabriel there for the asking and suddenly I didn't know what to say first. What I really wanted to know was how she had been his perfect match until he decided she wasn't. Until Gabriel decided he wanted me and not her. And as long as I didn't know the how then the why would eventually be my undoing.

Insecurity wasn't my favorite emotion. So I started simply. "Are you afraid she'll talk?"

"About what?"

"About your...needs." I still couldn't put a proper noun to it. His sadism and need for dominance was a shadowed room that I hadn't been invited into yet. Maybe never. After all, Gabriel had gone against his nature and tried to pass as normal.

How could that ever hope to work?

"My...needs?" he asked with a teasing lilt. "As in my fondness for...you know."

"Yes."

Gabriel shook his head slowly. "I'm not worried. She knows the consequences."

The ruthless glint in his eye made me shiver. Gabriel appeared like living granite. He looked so hard, so devoid of compassion, of weakness. It was an alien expression, one I didn't usually see on his face.

"She wants you badly, Gabriel. Rejecting her leaves her very little to care about."

"Embry's love for me isn't greater than her love of self. I have things on her as well. Trust me-she won't talk."

"What kind of things?"

Gabriel's smile lacked warmth. "I'll never tell unless she does."

I let out a nervous laugh. Did he think I was nosy and gossipy? I mean, of course I was curious, but that wasn't why I asked the question. I never wanted to really know about any of the women he'd been with. And I definitely would've preferred to have never been acquainted with the last one.

"I don't want to know specifically. What I mean is how did you get anything on her?"

"I don't go into any relationship lightly, Emma. I knew everything there was to know about Embry before anything progressed." When I cocked my head in question, he clarified. "I had her thoroughly investigated."

"I see." My silence lasted only for a beat or two. "Do you investigate all of them?"

"Yes."

I had to ask even though I strongly suspected the answer. "Even me?"

To Gabriel's credit, he didn't look away. "Especially you."

"What do you mean?"

He reached out to play with my fingers. "I needed to know if you were with anyone-seriously that is. Were you married? Did you have any children? Were you free to be with me? Thankfully the answer that you were a workaholic with very little time for a social life came across my desk."

I still wasn't sure why I had yet to smack him or toss him out of my apartment. Really, my reaction to this invasion of privacy was way too lax.

"I don't like it."

"I know, Emma. I know."

I worked my jaw. I loved Gabriel, had always loved him on some level, but I didn't have to like all his methods.

"That's how you knew I was single. I just thought you could see right through my lies."

A tiny smirk teased the corner of his mouth. "There was that, but you also make a terrible liar, Emma. Really you do."

I nodded, unable to deny that particular truth. Growing up where I did, I learned very quickly to despise the regularity in which people with money told lies.

There was the annual "I never told you that you'd have a raise next month. I said I'd consider it. I'm afraid it's not in the budget." Or "I don't remember saying I approved your time off for this weekend. I'm afraid you'll have to cancel your plans." And of course "My husband would never have tried to take advantage of you. It's not in his character. Please leave my house immediately."

In case you're wondering, these were the lies my mother had to suffer. The ones I had to experience didn't bear mentioning considering the gravity of hers. In short, I've despised outright lies, lying by omission, and obfuscation of any sort ever since the first grade.

Gabriel asked suddenly, "With everything that I've done, do you think I'm a creepy stalker? I know it's not the normal way of things, but is it creepy?"

I seriously considered the question, wondering if he was after a glib reply or truth. "I'd kick the shit out of anyone else who'd do even half of what you've pulled."

"My guts thank you for not kicking them. Seriously though-answer the question."

"Sometimes. Usually. More than normal. Definitely not healthy."

"I think so too."

"Then why do you do it?"

Gabriel sighed. "Because I can't help myself. Rather, I don't want to help myself when it comes to you."

Judge me if you will, but my heart responded in a dark obsessive way. I understood exactly what he meant. We were both caught up in something strange and probably unhealthy, but it didn't matter like it should have. Nothing mattered except to keep this going.

"How do you know I won't end things with you over how you've handled this?"

"I don't." He gave me another smile, this one tinged with sadness. "I'm baring myself to you in the hopes that you won't."

"Would you let me go?"

He sat there silent for long moments. "I already answered that today. Do you want me to say it again?"

"I'll do anything short of murder..." was what he said earlier about keeping me. I believed him, but it wasn't enough. I needed something more concrete. I needed to know how far Gabriel would go or not go. I had to know if there were limits to Gabriel's ruthlessness.

What I needed to hear might have the power to tear us apart.

"Would you do something to Embry if she doesn't cooperate?"

Gabriel grew very still. "What are you really asking me, Emma?"

How I kept my voice steady was beyond me. "I think it's pretty clear."

"You're asking me how far I'll go to keep you. You're asking if I'd physically harm Embry to keep her quiet."

"Yes," I whispered, mentally twisting hard at the question. "Would you, Gabriel?"

How could I ask this of him? How could I not?

FOUR

Gabriel's blank face revealed nothing of his inner thoughts. He was like glass. See-through but empty.

"You're asking this because of my-needs as you put it-right? Because I like things rough, because I enjoy inflicting a certain amount of pain and control on my partners-and only on those who are receptive to it I might add-you think me a monster who would beat or murder my ex. Do I have the right of it?"

I blinked back a few rogue tears. "I guess you do." My mouth quivered. Nausea roiled in my stomach. I took a few breaths, trying to beat back the urge to vomit. I already knew the answer. Why did I push this far?

What exactly was I trying to prove?

"I just need to hear you say it."

Gabriel exploded. "Jesus, Emma! If you really suspect that I'd do something like that then why the f**k would you want to be with me?"

It was agony to hold Gabriel's wounded stare. I felt like the worst Judas in the world. Condemned, but unwilling to alter my course I pressed on. "Would you?"

"I'm not a brute, Emma! I'd maneuver her into a position of my choosing, but I wouldn't ever hurt her or anyone the way you're thinking. That's not who I am. Believe what you will about me but never that."

Gabriel looked at me with something akin to soul betrayal. It settled deep in my gut, making it harder to draw breath. We were nak*d in bed together, but my doubts created a chasm that I didn't know if I'd ever really be able to bridge again.

"You know I had to ask."

"No, I don't know that. I thought you'd know me better than to think I'd ever do something so wrong like that."

The words rushed out of me, brittle and overwhelmed. I wasn't lashing out so much as trying to lance the wound from earlier.

"I don't know you at all! The boy I knew was someone I didn't believe I could trust. The man I thought you had become was just pretending to be someone he wasn't. I don't know what to think, Gabriel, about you and her. I really don't."

"I wasn't lying about what I felt about you."

"I know...I believe you...it's just..." I stumbled about until finally I asked in frustration, "Who are you really, Gabriel? Do you even know?"

His jaw clenched, muscles straining around his shadowed jaw. "Don't, Emma. Don't psychoanalyze me."

"I'm not trying to do that."

"Then what are you trying to do?"

"I'm trying to know who my boyfriend really is. I want to know what you're capable of doing. How far are you willing to go to get your way?"

How far do I have to fall with you? And how do I know you just won't leave me behind?

Gabriel sighed. His shoulders relaxed, loosening the tension that wound him tight. "I won't let Embry use our past against us, Emma. She's already done so much damage. Every time I think about how close I came to losing you because of her..."

"What will you do then?" I asked softly.

"Her family conglomerate works with mine. Even if she wanted to risk our business association, her father would never let her. The needs of the many will definitely outweigh the needs of the one-no matter how beloved. I seriously doubt Embry would even risk it knowing the position her father would take."

The idea of a father putting wealth and connections above his daughter made me sad even though I wasn't surprised. "Money first?"

"Always."

I nodded, familiar in theory with how his set always ran. Money above people, places, and things unless those people, places, and things served even more money.

"So that's what you meant about consequences?"

"Of course."

"I see." I inhaled deeply, praying I hadn't completely ruined us by doubting him. "I apologize for suspecting you of worse."

"Do you really?"

"Yes."

"Truly?"

"Yes, Gabriel."

"There are no more ideas lurking inside that clever mind painting me as some kind of Bluebeard or Jack the Ripper type?"

I shook my head. "No. I swear!"

"Apology accepted then. Lucky for you, I'm a forgiving soul. That and I want you like the devil." Gabriel's hand slid towards mine, but he didn't try to link our fingers together. "What else, Emma?"

"Maybe we've talked too much tonight, Gabriel," I murmured, hedging at continuing any further.

"No. We need to get it out now."

There was so much, especially why hadn't he done more to me when we made love earlier. I couldn't broach that yet. Not when there were other important things to get through.

"Okay, then...but you're not going to want to hear it."

"Try me."

"I want you to call off the people following me."

Gabriel's answer came quick as a serpent's bite and just as final. "I can't do that."

"What you mean is you won't."

"Fine then. I won't."

I bit back my initial urge to groan in frustration. Instead I moved my position on the bed until we faced each other. "That's unacceptable, Gabriel."

"Emma, I'm not having you followed because I see you as my possession."

"Really?" My skeptical lift of brow didn't do much to nullify the disbelief in my tone.

"Really. I can't take a chance with your safety, Emma. Being with me automatically makes you a target."

"From who?"

"Take your pick. Kidnappers, disgruntled ex-employees, terrorists, anyone looking for an easy score-they all exist, Emma."

That wasn't something I considered. At all. "And you do this with everyone?"

Gabriel uttered his answer with delicacy. "Anyone who I've been serious with."

Damnit! I hated the surge of jealousy that burned my heart at those words. I kept it a point to breath evenly, to not let my weakness overcome my better judgment more than it already had.

"And did they have a problem with being followed all the time or is it just me?"

"They didn't have an issue with it."

"Why not?" I shot back, my plan to keep cool blown to hell. "Was it because you loved them so, so much?"

"I never loved anyone but you." My mouth snapped close. Gabriel gave me an evil grin. "Shut you right up, didn't it? Now to answer your question, it's because they understood security, in one way or another. It's safety, Emma. Not spying."

"So you never followed up on where your girlfriends went?"

"I didn't have to. I trusted them."

His beautifully blue gaze was clear of guile. I believed I understood the meaning lying beneath the surface of his words. "Because you knew they could never hurt you because you didn't really love them?"

"That's right."

"I see." I looked down at my lap. My furrowed as I sifted through those two words.

"I don't think you do, Emma."

"You're right. I don't."

"Emma, I want this to work more than I've ever wanted anything. I know I'm asking more than what's fair by it being this way, but I can't take a chance with your safety."

Feeling fidgety, I ran a hand through my hair. "You're not going to budge on this?"

"I can't."

"I get it." I just hoped I didn't regret caving. "Okay then. We need to make it fair."

"Fair how?"

"You have me followed so I want a team to follow you. And they report solely to me despite being on your payroll."

Gabriel's urbane smile hinted at a well of dark amusement. "And if I do that, will you be okay with this aspect of our relationship?" He looked cautious, as if he didn't believe that would be enough to satisfy me.

"I don't like it, Gabriel, but I do trust that you believe it's a necessary evil."

"It is, Emma. If I could have it any other way I would."

I held up one finger. "Fine. Ground rules-your team does not interfere with my life. I don't see them and I don't know they're there unless someone's trying to hurt me. They're not following me to be your guard dogs, got it?"

"Explain please."

Negotiations instantly brought out the businessman in him. I doubt Gabriel agreed to anything unless he knew all the angles. I needed to take a page from his book.

"They don't make a move to keep men away from me on principle. They're not there to exercise any jealousy or territorial tendencies on your part."

Gabriel blinked once. His voice, when it came, was careful and devoid of emotion. "Do you plan on meeting many men when I'm not around? If you are, I'm afraid that jealousy will be very much on the forefront of our interactions, Emma. Non-negotiable."

"No! Gabriel, I'm not that kind of girl and I damn sure don't want to be made to feel that I am, understand?"

"Perfectly."

I needed to reassure him, despite not being asked to. "Just so you're clear-I'm faithful and monogamous. Pretty much boring these days, I know, but that's just who I am. No threesomes, swapping, or any of that stuff for me. Is that something you can deal with?"

"More than you know." He nudged me with his foot. "Does that surprise you?"

"A little." I figured he'd always juggled one or two lady friends at a time just because he could.

"Not all members of the 'SandM kink club' are into sharing. Some like it, others don't. Just so you're clear-I fall in the latter category. I don't share. Ever. We'll be boring together that way."

"Will we?"

"Absolutely."

Now was my chance to bring up what had been bothering me. I rushed forward and hoped for the best. "No, I mean will we be exploring this side of you together?"

Gabriel didn't answer me immediately. Instead, he observed me for a long uncomfortable minute. I imagined he took in my flushed cheeks and bright eyes with uncanny assessment. "It's my sincerest wish."

"Then why was tonight like it was?" I gestured toward the bed just in case I wasn't being clear enough.

"Emma, Emma..." Gabriel murmured softly. "You're killing me. I lost count of how many times you came, but now I hear you weren't satisfied. This is a mortal wound to my impressive ego. However will I survive such a blow?"

"It's not that," I explained lamely when it was exactly just that. His amused expression dared me to continue lying. "Okay, it's that. Not entirely, but enough."

"Do go on."

My God, how did he keep getting the upper hand on me? All of this wasn't supposed to come out like that. Nor was I supposed to be so insecure about it. This was why I was always so mulishly quiet around him. I could never become fluent in his language of innuendo and command. I just knew how to speak bluntly.

I swore it put me at a disadvantage every single time.

"Is Embry right? Do you believe what she said about me?"

"Do I believe you'll never be comfortable or even into my deviant side? I hope not."

My hope plummeted. "But you're not sure."

Gabriel regarded me, seemingly wondering if he could get away with not answering. "No, I'm not sure."

"I see." I looked back down at my lap, feeling the world had taken an unsafe turn. What was the point of going this far, of letting this man back into my life, if we were doomed to fail? Our incompatibilities seemed to stretch beyond social class and balance sheets, deep into the core of who we were fundamentally.

I suddenly wished all we had to overcome was social class.

"Emma, look at me."

I thought of ignoring Gabriel, but his command pulled at me hard. I didn't want him to see the anxiety and fear rioting in my gaze, but it was there. Gabriel would see me how I really was behind the bravado. Helpless to my own weaknesses, I raised my head and faced whatever would come.

He sat up and reached for me. His lips kissed my temple sweetly, reverently, before Gabriel guided my head to lie against his chest. His heartbeat dictated my world.

"It's not an indictment against you. My love for you isn't tied into that," he said in a gentle whisper. "I would never consider ending our relationship because of what you will and will not do. I mean that, Emma. Embry doesn't know me as well as she claims to. Don't let her words infect you, baby. It's what she wants."

"I wish I could forget about it-"

"You can."

"But it's not that simple." I tried to lift my head. He just kept his large firmly hand in place until I stopped. "You considered marrying her. She must know you well enough for you to make her your wife."

"Embry was compatible enough to fit into my life, yes. But she's no longer in it for a reason."

And I was that reason. So why wasn't I secure and satisfied with my place?

Because you've never believed he'd want you long enough to make a permanent place for you my thoughts echoed. Especially since he'd have to go through so much trouble to fit you into his life.

This time he let go of me when I pulled away. "Gabriel, you can't shut off such a big part of yourself." Although I wished more than anything he could. Or that I didn't have to care about it this much.

"Why not? If I can shut off my heart to do that, why can't I shut off that so I can love you?"

Damnit. There it was. I wasn't the only doubter in our relationship.

"So you do think I can't fit into that part of your life." I got off the bed and went to my dresser. My hands shook. I wasn't angry with him. I was angry at fate and life for teasing us both with the idea that we could be different from who we really were.

"What are you doing?"

"I'm not going to have this conversation with you nak*d." I slipped on some panties before shoving my legs into a pair of worn pajama pants. I hurriedly put on a fitted gray T-shirt and turned around. Gabriel hadn't moved from his position.

I crossed my arms and leaned against the dresser. I didn't know what to say now that what I feared was out in the open.

"Won't you sit down, Emma?"

"No, I'd rather stand."

"I see." Gabriel nodded his head and gracefully folded his hands in his lap. "You're angry with me."

"I'm not exactly happy at the moment, but I'm not angry with you."

"Then what are you angry at?"

My shoulder lifted up in a sharp shrug. "Why did this have to happen like this, Gabriel? Why can't love be enough for us?"

"Who says it isn't?"

"You and I both know it won't be. Eventually we'll need more."

He sighed. "What do I have to do to convince you of my sincerity, Emma? I've given you more of myself than I've ever given anyone else. Doesn't that mean anything?"

Put that way I couldn't help but feel like a spoiled cow. I wasn't any good at this, probably because I had no real experience with being in any kind of a real relationship.

"I'm sorry that I'm coming off as ungrateful. I know this has to be as hard, if not harder for you, Gabriel."

"Then why are you trying to push me away, Emma? Why are you always pushing me away?"

"I'm not trying to. It's just that I'm worried. I want you happy."

"I'm happy with you. Haven't you been happy with me these last few days?"

A ghost of a smile passed across my lips. "These have been the happiest days of my life, Gabriel. I mean it."

"Then what's the problem? We can have many more days, better than these."

"You can't split your life in two like that. Eventually this wildness between us will fade and your sexual needs will call for you. You won't be able to resist. If you want to be with me, then you can't shut me out, Gabriel."

"You say it as if you know from experience. Are there naughty things you haven't yet shared with me, Emma?" Although said lightly, his teasing words belied the seriousness of his stare.

Maybe I wasn't the only one consumed with jealousy and insecurity? Petty as it was, Gabriel's reaction definitely made me feel better.

"No."

"Really?"

"Yes, really. You're the reason why I know. You are the last person I should be trying to have a relationship with, Gabriel. You've lied to me, tricked me, manipulated my world, and have been the direct cause of much of my pain-past and present."

Glib words failed to materialize. Gabriel merely sat still and waited for me to continue my angry declaration of love.

"Yet, I can't resist you. I tried to live without you, successfully I might add, but seeing you again...all of those feelings I thought I had killed and buried came back."

"They've never gone away for me, Emma. I've loved you for over a decade. I'll die still loving you."

My legs folded beneath me. I slid down the dresser. "You're a part of me, Gabriel, in a way that I can't explain or deny anymore. Still, I could end things with you, go on and find a kinder man, marry him and have his children...a boy and a girl."

Gabriel's eyes instantly darkened with anger. He did an admirable job of not letting it change his placid expression.

"I imagine it would be a happy life. Baseball and ballet. Family dog and cozy house in the suburbs. It would be normal. Happy."

"You deserve that, Emma. I could give you that."

I continued as if Gabriel hadn't spoken. His outline buckled beneath the weight of my watery gaze. "But all it would take to destroy all of that is you. Seeing you, hearing your voice, being the center of your smile...I wouldn't be able to deny who you are to me."

This time I let the tears spill. "That's how I know. You can't lie about who you really are. It always comes out in the end. I want to be with you no matter what."

Gabriel stood up and squared his shoulders. Although nak*d, he seemed far from vulnerable. His large powerful body held my attention completely. He strode towards me, completely natural with his nudity.

I scrambled to my feet and hurriedly wiped my cheeks with the heel of my palms. I felt dwarfed when he reached my side. I wanted to reach out and touch him. I didn't trust myself just yet to do it.

"Emma, have a care with me. If I push too hard, if you decide you can't handle it...what I like...it will gut me completely. I don't want to damage you, Emma. I just want to love you, but I don't know how. I never did."

I whispered his name helplessly. My hand hovered above his hip. "I want you to be open with me. I want to at least try this."

"I'm afraid to risk you, Emma."

"But-"

"Those women entered into a relationship with me knowing full well what I expected. You didn't. I can't treat you the same."

"So what will we do? Pretend like this isn't a part of who you are? That we're normal?"

Gabriel shook his head. "Never that."

"Then what?"

He stayed silent for a long time before saying, "Remember the story from earlier?"

I nodded, confused as to why he was bringing it up.

"The despot lord won in a way. Although the concubine loved her husband, she never fully trusted him enough to completely retire her blades. They lay there by her side, ready to be used at any moment. I would not have it be that way with us."

"Oh." It was the only thing I could say. Maybe our love story wasn't going to be a happy one after all. We didn't trust each other completely. I closed my eyes, heart twisting in violent agony. No, this wasn't going to be the end. If Gabriel wasn't going to make a decision then I was.

We didn't come this far to let a little pain and fear stop us.

Renewed with determination, I looked up at him. "Are you hungry?"

Gabriel shrugged and admitted, "A little."

"Good. Let me make you something to eat."

"It's late, Emma. I can pick something up."

"No, I want to cook for you. Come on."

Gabriel picked up his discarded pants from the foot of the bed and slipped them on. I waited at the doorway, hand held out. His fingers closed over mine. Gabriel followed me down the short hall into the kitchen where he then sat at my tiny bar.

Neither of us was very talkative, but I noticed Gabriel seemed fascinated in watching me do my domestic goddess duties. His gaze followed me from sink to stove to cupboard, gradually losing their stormy color and returning to crystalline blue. I ruffled his hair from time to time, gliding my thumb across his lips and relishing at how soft they were.

In no time at all, I made us spaghetti, salad, and garlic bread. I set the table and pulled back a chair for Gabriel. When he sat down, I leaned forward and kissed the side of his neck.

"I love you." I slid my arms around his wide shoulders. "I really do."

Gabriel kissed my hand. "I love you too." Our grumbling bellies broke us apart. We weren't where we wanted to be, but we were getting there. He ate every bit on his plate and asked for seconds. His smiles lost their melancholy edge as I chatted brightly about any and everything. When I served us chocolate pudding for desert, Gabriel pulled me onto his lap and kissed me soundly.

I knew it wasn't just because he loved pudding so much.

"Are we going to be okay, Emma?"

"More than okay."

"Swear it."

I swore and sealed it with a long open-mouthed kiss. Eventually we broke apart and I led him to the couch. All too quickly our clothes were scattered on the ground. We agreed to keep boxes of condoms stocked in all rooms when I had to sprint back to my nightstand.

Once set, I slid slowly down over Gabriel. We both groaned loudly as I rocked over him, again and again. Love words devolved to whispers of pleasure until he said, "Faster."

I obeyed his ragged command. Gabriel hit my backside sharply and growled, "I said faster."

Excitement shot through me starting from the handprint on my ass. Fingers digging into his shoulders, I gained my feet and bounced up and down. Gabriel purred. His hand cupped my unmarked cheek. Although his grip was gentle, I took it as an unspoken threat.

My core flooded. Gabriel's feral smile told me he noticed my body's reaction. When his thumb and forefinger found my cl*t I lost it. Gabriel's free hand held my chin. Staring into his eyes as I came, I felt a part of me fall away from me and into him.

Gabriel soon followed afterwards.

Panting and temporarily satiated, we held onto each other in a sweaty sprawl. My thigh muscles burned and my bottom did too. It felt glorious.

"Emma, how adverse would you be to going on the pill?"

I cracked open one eye. "You want me to make an appointment tomorrow?"

"Yes, please." Gabriel nuzzled my ear. "Once we've got our clean bill of health and you're safe, I'm so going to come in you until you're dripping."

I moaned my acceptance and called him a "filthy boy."

Gabriel showed me explicitly just how filthy he could be. When my muscles were jelly, we got dressed again and watched some TV until my official bedtime rolled around. Cuddled in his arms, I asked, "Do you want to stay here tonight, Gabriel?"

He looked down at me and nodded. "I just need to grab some things from my apartment. I'll be back in a minute."

"Sure." I walked him to the door and kissed him before Gabriel slipped out. My body already missed him terribly.

I couldn't lose Gabriel. Not when I'd just found him.

Knowing I only had a little bit of time left before he returned, I picked up my cell phone and quickly scrolled through my contacts. A push of the button and then I heard the familiar husky notes of an old friend.

"Hello, Gretchen? I'm sorry for calling so late, but I have a huge favor to ask you. Can you meet me for lunch tomorrow?"

FIVE

Not seeing Gabriel for lunch was difficult to say the least. He sighed, pouted, and grumbled when I told him over the phone I wasn't free. He even came down to my office, barging into my cubicle, and dared me to tell him again.

That was much harder, especially because his lip jutted a fraction of an inch. Swiveling in my chair, I explained again, "I'm meeting a friend today, Gabriel. I haven't seen her in almost a year and I'm really looking forward to catching up. Besides, I thought you had an 11:00 am tee-time today with Drayton."

"Your memory is frighteningly sharp, Emma. To think you remembered him from your brief introduction at the benefit. I cancelled so I could spend time with you."

"You didn't need to cancel it, Gabriel."

"Well, I disagree. I wanted to spend my lunchtime with you, especially after yesterday."

"That's so thoughtful of you. I'm sorry-"

"No, no. It's okay, baby. It's important for you to have friends," Gabriel sighed while pushing off my desk. "Rick is going to be quite put out with me this afternoon."

"Why? Are you planning on being mean and unfair to your assistant?"

"No. He's going to have to be mean and unfair to me because I won't be able to concentrate on the million and one tasks he has planned for me this afternoon. That man is worse than a drill sergeant when riled up." Gabriel let out a self-pitying sigh before squaring his shoulders. "Have fun, Emma. It'll be good for you to get out of your tiny cubicle before you expire of suffocation."

"It's not tiny. It's regulation size," I reminded him as he dropped a kiss on the top of my head.

"Will you miss me?"

"More than anything."

My answer satisfied him and apparently took the sting out of my temporary defection. Gabriel preened and smugly stated, "Good!" before sauntering out of my work space.

Now it was lunch time. Thankfully, the agreed-upon meeting place was only ten minutes away from my building. I was going to need every spare moment I could get.

I immediately spotted the ravishing brunette as I entered the near-empty restaurant. She stood up and waved me over. Dressed to the nines in a knee-length black dress, stockings, heels, elegant jewelry, and signature crimson lipstick, Gretchen Smith was a vision. She never failed to impress me with her artful mastery of our gender's finer qualities. Gretchen met me in front of the table. "Emma. How are you, lovely?"

A wispy cloud of expensive perfume teased my nose. We hugged and squeezed hands. "I wish I could say this was purely a social call. Unfortunately, I'm not bearing any gifts because I'm not doing so well, Gretchen. Thank you so much for seeing me on such short notice."

"Anytime, anytime." We sat down at the oversized booth. The darkened corner suggested secrets were about to be told and discretion a must. The suggestion was right. Gretchen's instinct for confession was uncanny and I never thanked her more for possessing it than now.

Gretchen had been my roommate for four years at the university. She was a quiet, self-contained girl who didn't talk much. That didn't necessarily make her a good fit for Greek Life or an active college social life. It did, however, make her a perfect roommate for me.

Initially because she left our dorm room every Friday night only to return Sunday morning.

Mutual respect developed first. Cordiality colored our interactions as we found the rhythm of our co-habitation. I'm not sure who asked first, but it came apparent we'd agreed to room together the next year. Time slid by. We attended a few campus events together before falling into a monthly movie date. True friendship came our junior year when I accidentally found out about Gretchen's other life.

Now the knowledge of this different world was going to be my way into Gabriel and Gretchen was going to be my happy tour guide.

Currently facing the exquisite creature who had the power to make grown men grovel, I found the speaking would be a bit more difficult than I anticipated. I wasn't afraid that Gretchen would judge anything I'd tell her.

I was afraid that she couldn't help me.

In short order, we ordered our meals. After the waiter brought our drinks, Gretchen got down to business. "Emma, I take it this must be extremely important for you to contact me like this."

"It is. Very."

"How can I help?"

I grimaced, struggling to find the right words to my dilemma while playing with my straw. "I'm seeing someone."

"That's good to hear. He must be special to you."

Gretchen knew my difficulties with men better than anyone in recent history. She'd understand what this step must signify. "He is. Very." I inhaled deeply and pushed my drink away. "He's the one I talked about. You know-back in school."

I expected to see surprise in her eyes. Instead, deep pleasure penetrated her dark gaze. "Congratulations."

"Thank you." I smiled and ducked my head a bit, feeling a little shy.

"It isn't often we're given another chance to make things right with our past."

"That's true." I smiled wider. "I knew you'd understand."

"Of course." She shrugged elegantly. "Is he good to you? Are you happy with him?"

Happy was a loaded word. I considered the question. "It's been interesting to say the least. It's impossible to be bored with him."

I trusted Gretchen as much as I would've trusted a sister, but even so I still found it difficult to say what needed to be said. I fiddled with my watch and plotted out my next words.

"How have you been, Gretchen?"

"Wonderful. Thank you for asking."

"Is business doing well?"

"Very. The recession has tripled my client base. I've had to expand."

"Really? That's wonderful!"

"Stressful times call for release." Before I could reply, Gretchen commanded gently, "I appreciate your politeness, but it's not necessary. So tell me the reason you're here, Emma." When I took a hurried sip from my drink, Gretchen cocked her head and studied me from beneath perfectly curled lashes. "I don't think I've ever seen you so nervous. This must be bad."

"It's not bad...but it's not necessarily good. At least, not yet."

Gretchen nodded. Her patient gaze didn't coerce me. Eerily it reminded me of Gabriel's. Eventually I'd spill my guts-all they had to do was wait. Was it supreme confidence or something extra that set them apart from someone like me?

"I never told you his name and I'm not sure if I'm ready to now."

Gretchen grasped the strings of my conversation and knitted them into the proper shape. "He's a man of position and power. Discretion is absolute."

"Yes." At least it was in regards to our topic of conversation. I couldn't take the chance other ears would catch our word wisps.

"Is he seeing you openly?"

I nodded, curious to see where her questions were going to lead me. "We just started, but we're not lying low."

"Good. I take it he's not married?" Gretchen's non-judgmental tone eased the path for open communication.

"No, thank God." Images of Embry rose up. It had been a close thing. Would Gabriel still have pursued me if she wore his ring? Would I have turned him away? A mental shudder went through me. I was fiercely glad I didn't have to find out what either of us was capable of.

"Then what's the problem, lovely? Your path is free and clear which is more than I can say for half the city. This calls for a celebration, not a little face full of mourning."

"He's a very successful man of business and with that comes certain...ah...needs." My cheeks remained pale. I thanked them for not betraying my discomfort.

"I see." Gretchen turned to me fully. Her poise inspired mine. "Does it make you uncomfortable?"

"A little."

"It's perfectly normal. Men of power, unless they're sociopaths, are susceptible to the same stresses and fears as the rest of us. Losing control allows them to regroup, to put down the weight of the world for a bit. It doesn't make them any less masculine, if that's what you're worried about."

"No, you misunderstand. Actually, he's the opposite. He's like you."

Gretchen's slim brow lifted slightly. "I see." She paused and I dangled. My back tingled uncomfortably. "And how do you feel about that?"

"I'm afraid. Not that he'll hurt me, but that I can't be what he needs or wants. He's afraid too," I confessed softly, doing my best to reign in the rise of terror that threatened to overwhelm me. Despite the fact that he swore otherwise, instinct warned me that Gabriel would walk away if we couldn't come to terms.

Stupid beautiful man.

"How do you know he's afraid?"

"Because he told me."

Gretchen considered my words. "He must feel very close to you to be so open."

I remained silent and waited for her to continue.

"Do you want to be his submissive, Emma?"

"I want to be with him."

"Yes, but you didn't answer the question."

The similarities between Gretchen and Gabriel grew in number. Either that or I avoided answering personal questions out of long-standing habit. I needed to be as open as I could be if I wanted her help. I tried again. It was excruciating to purposely admit my ignorance.

"I don't know. I don't know what that would mean for me. How far would it go, how much would he need of me to be satisfied?"

Specifically, how extreme was Gabriel's dominance? Was it rough sex and a bit of spanking or would it be TPE-Total Power Exchange? The idea of being under Gabriel's complete control, of having no will that wasn't his...I can't deny a thrill pulse shot through me, but I knew me. There was no way I'd be able to tolerate that for long.

I was too stubborn, too entrenched with controlling my life. It would drive me insane to have no say in what happened to me 24/7.

And if that's what Gabriel needed...no wonder he was trying to lead me away from that side of his life.

"Have you asked him specifically what he would require?"

"Not yet. Our relationship just started a few days ago."

"And he already shared this part of himself with you?"

"Not exactly."

Interest tilted her chin closer to me. "I sense there's a story here."

"More than you know. His ex let me in on his secret. She did it in the hopes that I'd leave him and he'd go back to her."

"Ah. Spiteful to the core and a tactician to boot."

"Apparently so." My fear that Embry wasn't too far off the mark in regards to my ability to satisfy Gabriel broke through my calm exterior. Gretchen caught the misery in my expression. Her voice gentled.

"Why do you think there might be a problem in what you can do for your man?"

Although the nearest diner was five tables away, I lowered my voice to a near-whisper. "I don't know if I can be submissive. I'm not quick to follow orders and I've been too independent all my life to start being a weak, spineless woman now. I'm not a doormat, you know?"

Gretchen laughed and held her manicured hand up in apology. "I'm sorry, Emma. I'm not amused at your expense-I promise."

"Good, because otherwise it was about to get awkward-fast," I quipped with a wry grin.

She patted me on the hand. "I hope I can ease your mind a bit. While there are some women who are naturally submissive to anyone who's stronger, the majority of submissives I've encountered are the most strong-willed, independent, stubborn people I've ever known."

"How can that be?" Everything I knew about D/S came from late-night discussions between term papers with Gretchen. This aspect never popped up so her statements came as a complete surprise to me.

"It takes incredible strength to be a submissive. Far more than it does to be a dominant."

"Really? I thought being submissive means just doing whatever you're told. That doesn't seem strong." I wasn't trying to be argumentative or insulting. I truly didn't understand.

"It's an oversimplification of a complex state of being."

"Sorry, but I'm really trying to follow."

Gretchen tilted her head closer to me. "There's a misconception that a submissive person is submissive to anyone they meet. That is typically incorrect. Submissives choose who they serve. It is a gift. That's why they're generally very possessive of this precious side of themselves. They won't just give it to anyone. A true dominant understands this very well. It cannot be forced if it is real. The submissive chooses. Without that choice, nothing of value moves forward. And so the submissive truly has all the power. He or she sets the scene in motion."

I soaked in these new revelations. "Are you saying he won't show me that side of him because he's not sure if I even know what I'd be giving?"

"Quite possibly."

"What exactly would I be giving?"

"It depends on how deep of a relationship you two are trying to cultivate. Sometimes it's for play. Other times it's for everything. Considering you've just reconnected-"

"We love each other." Instinct told me this was important to share.

Gretchen didn't question the accelerated pace of our relationship or why I told her. "That changes everything, lovely."

"For the better though, right?" I can't say it enough how I hated feeling inept at anything and in this situation I was completely ignorant, inept, and out of my depth.

"Maybe. Maybe not. You mentioned he's afraid. Has he explained how he wants to introduce you to this part of himself?"

"No."

She pursed her lips. I took it as a bad sign.

"Then what does that mean?"

Gretchen didn't answer me directly. "Why specifically did you ask me to lunch today, Emma?"

"Because I want to know what I can do to be part of his world. We won't make it if he doesn't let me in. I can't let this end before it begins. I won't."

Instead of reassuring me that she could help, Gretchen asked her original question, "Do you want to be his submissive?"

"Yes!" I answered this time without hesitation or deliberation.

"Why? Is it to keep him from leaving you and finding someone else?"

I never lied to Gretchen before. I wouldn't start now. "It's not something I would've necessarily chosen for myself. I mean, everything I know about his world comes from you and what little I saw between him and his ex."

I swallowed hard. My hands fluttered about, seemingly trying to pluck the right words out of the air. "I haven't been with anybody else, Gretchen. I always figured I didn't have time for relationships, that it would come later once I crossed enough items off my list, you know?"

I wrung my hands before placing them palm down on the table. Gretchen followed my movements but held her silence, somehow knowing I wasn't finished.

"Now I wished I had dated a bit in college or even after. I'd at least have some idea of how to interact with a lover, how to make things fit together. How do people do that? How do they make it fit when the pieces aren't even the same shape or size?"

Gretchen let me ramble on, familiar quixotic tilt to her head, until I stuttered to a breathless stop. I waited for her to say something, anything before plunging forward again.

"I'm being pushy about this, I know it, but I'm afraid about what's going to happen if I can't do this for him."

In case it wasn't yet clear, Gabriel had been the only man I'd been with. Ever. It wasn't on purpose. It just turned out that way. It definitely wasn't because I was saving myself for him or anything...

Or that I compared every boy I met to Gabriel. Positively and negatively.

And I was never, ever going to let that arrogant man know that he'd been the only one I'd been with. Ever. Never. Ever. Ever.

Can I say it again? Never. Ever.

So if I wasn't saving myself for the one boy in the world I adored, why had my love life been nonexistent?

Logically, it was because the timing never seemed right and I was so busy in school, inflexible and single-minded in making the best of my incredible opportunity. What was harder to admit is that I'd lost confidence in myself. I'd been proven to have flawed decision-making skills. I never thought I'd be someone who could throw everything away for a beautiful boy who I'd known was dangerous to everything I'd work so hard to achieve.

Going to bed with someone who hadn't yet to meet my mother?

Even now I cringe. Call me old-fashioned, but that wasn't how I was supposed to live my life. I was supposed to be smarter than that. I was going to have a do-over. I was going to do things the right way, the way that didn't have me sneaking out of a house in the predawn hours. I'd find a relationship where things were taken slow, where my mystery man and I got to know each other bit by bit. Romance at its most cliche and finest.

I just needed to have time to find it. Eventually.

I'll have time to date later had been my favorite line when asked by any well-meaning acquaintances. I just need to get through (fill in the blank).

Now my lack of experience was coming in to kick me right in the tail. When it came to relationships, I was stuck as a high school senior. Which was really not a good thing considering the introverted senior I'd been.

Oh, my God. Wringing my hands, talking to my best friend about the boy I liked but was so afraid he wouldn't like me back how I liked him. At this very moment, well past an acceptable age, I was stuck right in the throes of teenage angst.

I'm screwed.

"Lovely, where did you go?"

I looked at her in panic and whispered, "I'm lost! I don't know the first thing about putting on leather or whatever it is he'd want! Is he going to collar me? If so, do I take it off when I go to work or switch to turtlenecks? Do I shower with it? Sleep with it on? What happens to my skin?"

I fried my brain.

"You're still so innocent," Gretchen observed with melancholy wonder. "Maybe it wasn't the best life experience to have me for a roommate, lovely."

"Don't be silly! I wouldn't trade those years for anything, Gretchen. You're also the only real friend I've ever had. If it wasn't for you I'd probably been sucker punched when that witch sprung all of this crap on me yesterday."

Sympathy and affection softened her gaze. "Emma, perhaps avoidance is the best course of action for you both. Maybe this isn't something you should explore."

Gretchen couldn't do this to me! "Why? Is there fundamentally something wrong with me that all of you can see?" I appreciated the overhead music's layer of audible security considering that I raised my voice higher than desirable.

"Of course not."

"Then what? What makes what you both are into such an exclusive club that I'm not even invited to experiment with? What do I have to do to prove how serious I am about this?"

"This, as you call it, isn't something you can casually dabble with. It involves complete trust and commitment to your lover and to the process. You have to be fully invested in order for this to work. If there's any doubt of how far you're willing to go for him, it's best to stop now before either of you get hurt. I mean it, Emma."

Sadness overtook me. What little appetite I had vanished. I buried my hand in my napkin, wrinkling it beyond all hope. "He's said that he'd rather close this off than risk losing me."

"Your gentleman is quite the romantic. Are you tempted to take his offer?"

"No."

"Why not?"

"Because I want all of him-not just the sanitized version of who he thinks I want him to be. I want him to be free to be who he is. I love him and I want him to let me love all of him."

I want. I want. I want.

It was always the same. I wanted what I shouldn't want. I expected Gretchen to continue with her previous warnings. She surprised me yet again.

"No chance of you changing your mind?"

"None."

"All right then. I know better than to try to change your mind once it's made. You'll just have to work twice as hard to convince him." Gretchen's warm smile filled me with hope.

"Thank you."

"Don't thank me yet. Given how young you both were when you first made love before parting, I imagine he's mentally put you in a tower far above his baser side. You're purity defined and I think he's afraid of challenging that."

"Do you think he's ashamed of his kink?" I couldn't picture Gabriel Gordon billionaire extraordinaire being ashamed of anything. Yet I knew his beauty hid an ugly view of his past deep inside. He said he never loved any of the women he was with before me. Was it over this?

"Perhaps. Some view all of this as dirty and something to be guilty of. It's usually either religion, or trauma, or upbringing that's the culprit."

Gabriel definitely hit two out of the three. Things were looking worse again. "That's not good." I tossed my napkin on the table. "He's experienced some messed up things growing up. I don't want to go into it any further than that."

"He's sounding more and more like a reluctant dom. What do you know about his previous partners?"

"Not much. At least, not much after high school, other than they were all submissive. Except me."

"Except you. I see."

The waiter chose that time to bring us our food. After setting down two Cobb salads, he thankfully made himself scarce, but not before giving Gretchen a longing glance or two. Normally I'd smirk and tease her for being a mortal goddess, but not this time. Time was ticking and I didn't feel any closer to my goal than when we first started.

"So am I the unicorn or the jackass, Gretchen?"

"Probably both." She took a dainty bite of her food. I followed suit, biding my time before pressing the issue. Gretchen casually gestured towards me with her fork. "I have to admit I'm already worried, Emma. As I said before, I've never seen you like this."

"Like what?"

"Frightened, off-balance, insecure. It's not typically you." Several beats passed before she asked, "Are you sure he is what you want?"

Gabriel's image rose up in my mind. My heart leaped in joy. "Absolutely."

"No backing out?"

"No."

"You're committed until the end?"

"Yes."

"No judgments or comparisons to what you think a normal relationship should be like?"

"No."

"You answered that very quickly. Too quickly. I'm going to ask you again, but this time I want you to think about what my question really means."

"Gretchen..."

"Indulge me, lovely. I told you before that books are just that-books. The stories about this lifestyle usually aren't really real. Remember?"

"I remember." Gretchen set me straight that while the erotic romances I'd been reading were entertaining, the fiction category typically stretched into the contents as well.

"A normal relationship usually means roses, candlelight dinners, puppies and kittens. Yours might mean stripes across your ass and timeouts in the corner."

What? Wow...okay.

"It might mean kneeling at his feet all night just for him to pet your head and leave you there alone. He might challenge you just for the excuse of punishing you. Not because you've done anything wrong, but simply because it amuses him. And after all of that, after you turning yourself inside and out for him, he might decide it's not going to work and leave you for someone else anyways."

Oh no.

A knot twisted and spread across my heart. Gretchen verbalized my greatest fear, the root of them all, one stretching all the way back to high school. It was the fear that I might not ever be enough for Gabriel, that he might decide I'm not so special and beloved after all. That he might be the one to break me forever.

It was a close thing before, back when we were two teens heady after years of dancing around the issue. Now though...

Loving him could be the most dangerous experience for someone like me.

"Not so warm and fuzzy, is it?" Gretchen's question lacked any hint of gloat. Cruel to be kind. All should be so lucky to have someone like this girl in their life.

"No, I guess it isn't."

Gretchen pinned her stare to mine and succinctly repeated, "No judgments or comparisons to what you think a normal relationship should be like?"

Love. Would it be worth any of this? Self-preservation reminded me I could walk away, relatively unscathed if I called it all off now. If I really set my mind to it, Gabriel wouldn't be able to convince me to stay. I was a hardheaded woman that way.

There was no real choice to be had. A life without Gabriel wasn't one that was worth much anyways.

"None."

Whatever she saw in my gaze must've finally convinced her of my complete sincerity. "Well then. What can I do to help?"

Appetite returning in full force, I took a healthy bite of my salad. Swallowing, I said, "Tell me everything I need to know to make him make me his perfect love slave. I'm bound and determined to be the best submissive he'll ever have the luxury of dominating."

"That's my lovely. Ready to fight the world." Gretchen then immediately burst my bubble. "But you'll to throw all that out the window."

"Why? What do you mean?"

"You'll have to wait until he comes to you. If he's any kind of Dom, and I suspect he really is to inspire you to brave this, then you'll have to be patient."

"Patient."

"Patient," she repeated blithely.

I couldn't believe I'd gotten so little from her. "You're kidding, right? After all the questions, all the warnings of being committed and all-in, this is the extent of your advice?"

"Pretty much."

I waited for a wink, a sign, anything to show she was kidding. When it didn't come I sputtered, "Gretchen...it can't be that simple."

"It's not simple, but there it is."

"I have to wait."

"Yes."

"Okay then! This has been sooo productive." I stabbed a cucumber slice with my fork. "I'll be unstoppable now with this inside track. Watch me kneel, world!"

Gretchen eyed my frustrated actions with visible amusement. "Lovely, I know you prefer to be in control your surroundings, but this is one where you can't."

"I'm not trying to be in control. I'm just trying to get the ball rolling on this..." I protested before trailing off. Okay, maybe that wasn't completely true. "I've got an idea. What if I put on some leather lingerie, a blindfold, and then kneel on the floor while I wait for him to come home?"

"Bad idea."

"What? Why?" I didn't whine. Honestly, I didn't.

Gretchen sighed and patiently explained, "You can't force him to do what you want when you want. That's called topping from below and that is the surest way to find yourself facedown over his knee. And not for fun."

"There's a fun reason to be facedown and spanked?"

"Oh yes," she purred. "Definitely."

I saw myself over Gabriel's strong thighs. The image heated me instantly. Wow. I never thought I'd be so limited in my imagination prior to this moment, but now I wanted to know more about fun spankings. Would Gabriel hit me firmly or more as a tease? Would he have me pull my panties down or would he have the honors himself?

I wish I could experience a fun spanking soon, today even. I struggled to focus on Gretchen. Maybe this wouldn't be so hard after all.

"However, you try to force him into giving you your way...well, I'd hate to be you, Emma. I'm sure he won't tolerate being manipulated and neither would I."

I imagined a 200+ pound man over Gretchen's knee and snorted. "Do you spank your gentleman when they've been bad?"

"Absolutely."

"I'm not going to ask how you accomplish that."

"Good." Her sly smirk hinted at dark delights indeed.

How could someone so dainty have the power to physically do what she did? I shook my head in wonder. "So recap-I should just take my time. Not push him. Be receptive to whenever he feels comfortable. If it turns out to be never, then what?"

"He'll lead you when the time feels right to him. You can't push it."

"And there's nothing I can do to nudge him along?"

"You're the pure virgin in the tower, remember? You might never get out."

"Even though I lost my virginity to him?"

"Especially because you lost your virginity to him."

"Gretchen, you're killing me. You're supposed to be my secret weapon, my way into his world." I eyed her in sudden suspicion. "Are you sure you're not in league with him because you're both the same?"

"Meaning would I aid and abet a fellow Dom against a scheming Sub? Perhaps."

"Seriously, Gretchen?"

"Of course not, Emma!" She rolled her eyes, neatly breaking her flawless image and giving hint to her youthful age. "Be patient, be loving, and trust your gentleman. Since he's already talked to you about his nature, chances are he's already choreographed how he's going to get you onto his side. You have nothing to worry about."

"Why didn't say so at the beginning?"

"Because I wanted to make sure you weren't doing it because you were being bullied."

"I'm not."

"I know. Now."

I swallowed, overcome by vulnerability. Her advice meant so much to me. "Do you think I can be good at this?"

Gretchen reached across the table and squeezed my hand. "Of course you can. You don't know how to fail, Emma. I have complete confidence in you. You'll be the greatest Sub your man has ever known. All others will be compared to you and be found lacking."

"Truly?"

"No doubt about it." Gretchen lips curled into a soft, enigmatic smile. "Besides, I think this will do a world of good for you. All you have to do is accept it. Letting go will be the best thing for you, lovely. It will change your world completely until you wonder how you could've lived any other way."

I didn't quite know how to interpret her words so I did what I did best-I put them in the back of mind and moved forward.

SIX

Gabriel called me at 5:55 pm. "What do you have planned for tonight, Emma?"

"Nothing." I minimized my screen, knowing I'd try to work and listen at the same time. I wanted to be focused completely on Gabriel. Especially because he never let me hear the end of it when I multitasked. Unsuccessfully I might add, at least when it came to Gabriel.

"Good. Do you want to go penthouse shopping with me?"

I took this as meaning Gabriel's stay next door was about to come to an end. Disappointment panged me before I shrugged it off. Whatever made him happy made me happy.

"I did not expect to ever hear those words in my lifetime. Sure, why not? Do you have a price ceiling I should be aware of?"

"I won't be buying anything yet, but I do need to lease something to have on hand when the occasion demands it."

"Do you have something lined up already?"

"One or two places. I need your opinion on them before I make any kind of decision." His voice dropped into a suggestive whisper. "Considering you'll sometimes be waking up there, I figure your thoughts are my utmost concern."

"You mean I get to pick the sheets?"

"The sheets, pillows, bed-the whole shebang."

"Ooh, the whole shebang? Now I'm really looking forward to it, Gabriel."

"When can I come by and pick you up?"

"Give me another 20 minutes so I can finish this up and then I'll be all yours."

He groaned and worked himself up into a fine fit. "You work late every night, Emma. Those slave drivers! You know all of this could be avoided if you came and worked for me."

I rolled my eyes. "This again?"

"Yes, this again."

"I'm surprised you don't work later than I do," I pointed out in a blatant attempt to nudge the course of our conversation. Gabriel didn't bite.

"I have excellent time management skills. Although," he pointed out slyly. "I'm sure you'd do wonders for my productivity. Really, Emma, you should at least think about it for the good of Gordon Industries."

"Oh, I should, huh?"

"Absolutely."

I couldn't give my lover an inch. He was shameless that way. "No deal, baby. Are we meeting in the parking garage...say at 6:40?"

"Now you're insulting me. I'll pick you up at your cubicle."

"Gabriel," I chided softly with a smile. "You can't keep barging into my workplace."

"Why not? I own the building you know."

"Yes, but Med-Tech rents this space. Boundaries, Mr. Gordon. Boundaries."

"I check in with reception. I'm not a total barbarian," he pointed out haughtily.

"Really? They don't call me down to meet you."

"I know," Gabriel said cheekily. "My powers of persuasion are mighty."

Compromise was the name of the game. That and a little dose of sweetness. I had to try a different tact. "Can I meet you at the main doors?"

"You can but may you?"

"Cute, Gabriel. May I meet you at the main doors?"

"No. I will meet you in your cell."

It became obvious I wasn't going to win this. "Okay, Gabriel. I'll be ready."

"Wonderful!" he said as if he hadn't pushed to get his way. "Goodbye, my Emma."

"Goodbye, my Gabriel." He was so spoiled about these things and I loved him more because of it. With an eye on the clock, I worked on my numbers for the day until they were arranged neatly and exported for the senior analysts.

I'd just shut down my computer when I heard Gabriel's footfalls coming my way. Excitement skittered across my nerves as I gathered my things and turned around. Dressed in a slate gray suit, white shirt, and silver tie, Gabriel took my breath away. I checked to see if my mouth hung open. Outwardly oblivious to his effect on me, Gabriel greeted me with a soft kiss.

"I missed you, baby." Gabriel's finger followed the curve of my cheek. "Did you miss me?"

"Always."

His smile bathed me like the living-giving rays from our sun. "Ready to go, Emma?"

We left my office hand in hand. I only passed by a few of my coworkers, all male thankfully, before making for the elevator. Gabriel kept my fingers entwined with his as we descended to the first floor. "Waylon will be our driver this evening," he said as explanation for not going to the garage.

I was beginning to catch onto the rhythm of his life. Limo time for public functions and when the need for Gabriel Gordon the Billionaire rose up. SUV for our private time. Tonight Gabriel's bank account was about to be trotted out, hence the requisite status symbol.

Everything in his world seemed to be cut in two.

Suddenly sad for him, I tightened my grip in his. He responded in kind before turning his attention to the young man in uniform guarding the main lobby.

"Bobby! You doing good?" Gabriel called out in greeting when we approached the security desk.

"Always. Thanks for asking, Sir."

"Where's Mr. Jackson?"

"He's up on the third floor," Bobby answered while pointing up.

"Anything wrong?"

"No, Sir. He's doing a check of 3-B. Did you see the game last night, Mr. G?"

"No, I missed it." His proprietary arm around my waist explained why. "Miss Emma put the game on the backburner."

Bobby's friendly grin and nod included me in the conversation. "Well, you two missed a helluva game, Sir. Double overtime."

Gabriel groaned in good natured disappointment. "Please say our boys won."

"You know they did!" Bobby fist-bumped Gabriel before he wished us both a good night.

"Let Mr. Jackson know I'll see him tomorrow, Bobby."

"Will do, Sir. See you tomorrow as well, Miss Emma."

"Bye."

I could see the rapport between them was genuine. Approachable and friendly, Gabriel won over practically everyone he met. He slipped off the mantle of status as easily as he wore it. I wondered why it took me so long to see that.

"How long have Bobby and Mr. Jackson worked for you?"

"About four years."

"You like them."

Gabriel tossed me a charming grin. "Don't worry, baby. I don't like them more than I like you."

I buffeted his arm. "I know that! I just think it's cool how nice you are to them." What I really meant was "I just think it's cool how nice you are to them especially because you a billionaire and they're not."

"Manners are free, my dear. Besides, they're good people. What's not to like about them?"

Gabriel's demeanor was refreshing and quite different from his set. Unfortunately, the families I'd come in contact with barely treated their staff as human.

Again, why had it taken me so long to see that Gabriel was different? Overcome by a rush of emotion, I slung my arm around his waist. "Have I told you I loved you?"

"Not in the last five minutes."

"Well, I love you."

Gabriel laughed. He kissed the corner of my brow and hugged me to him. "I love you too, baby. More than the moon."

Waylon, dressed smartly in uniform, greeted us with tip of his hat. "Miss Emma, Mr. Gordon."

"Hello, Waylon." My warm greeting was answered by a flash-smile. The driver opened up the door and ushered me inside with a small bow. Gabriel followed, making sure to pull me out of the corner until I was almost on his lap.

"I'm going to block off that spot to keep you out of it, Emma. No better yet-I'm going to have the seats redone until they're half this size. I'll install another bar or something there."

I didn't have to ask him if he was serious. He probably was.

The limo launched into traffic, taking us to a destination known to Waylon and Gabriel. It didn't much matter to me since it was all new. Besides, all I really wanted was to be with Gabriel. We could drive in circles for all I cared as long as I could stay right where I was.

A shiver snaked its way down my spine. I closed my eyes, waiting it out.

Gabriel linked his arms around my waist. I swore I felt the same shiver in him as well. "Seriously, how much did you miss me today? I could barely function today not knowing how well you did or didn't eat."

"I ate well but I barely survived the day," I teased. "It's a good thing you came when you did or I would've withered away. My hair would've turned white, my teeth would've fallen out-I'd be a terrible sight."

"Oh, my dearest love," he breathed into my ear. "I really can't have that. Not unless my hair falls out along with my teeth too. Then we can be withered together."

I snuggled deeper into his embrace. His heartbeat lulled me, comforting me in a way I can only describe as primal. The shivers stopped. "Did you give your assistant a hard time?"

Gabriel huffed, sounding thoroughly peeved.

"I take that as a yes."

"Rick was ready to string me up by my heels. He finally kicked me out about the time I had to get you. Said I was no use to him as long as I kept whining about my 'missing widdle Emma.' Can you believe it?"

"Well, were you whining?"

"A little," he admitted with a sniff. "Or maybe a lot. I can't really say. I don't remember."

"Rick is going to hate me, isn't he?" I only half-teased this time. I remembered how irritated the man was with Samantha the Samaritan when we were all in the elevator last week. Gabriel's love life must've interfered with Rick's work more than once for him to be so frustrated.

"Of course not! He loves you already because I do. He's a sucker for a grand love story like ours. You'll see when you meet him again soon enough."

I wondered exactly what Rick knew about us. Did he get the sanitized version or the raw uncut love story? Part of me didn't want to know, but the other part was occasionally brazen. So I asked.

"Gabriel, what does Rick know about us?" I tilted my head back so I could look at him.

"He knows practically everything there is to know. I glossed over our intimate details, obviously, but I've been an open book for the rest."

I didn't expect that answer. "You're close to him."

"I couldn't have taken Gordon Industries this far without him. He's indispensible to me."

"You're lucky to have him then."

Gabriel nodded. "I am. Now tell me-did you enjoy lunch with your friend?"

"I did. It was...nice."

"Nice?"

"Very nice."

Gabriel waited a beat before asking casually, "Did you tell her about me?" His expectant air told me he'd be disappointed if I hadn't. "Or are we keeping a low profile for now?

Amused, I assured him with "Of course I told her."

"And?"

"And Gretchen was happy for me." Mostly anyways.

"Really?" His smile was that of a joyful child. Innocent and full of glee.

"Really."

"Does she know about our past?"

"She knows you were the boy that broke my heart."

Gabriel huffed loudly, brows snapping together over a patrician nose. "I broke your heart? I broke your heart? I think you have that story backwards, missy! You broke my heart, remember? If I'd had my way, we would've been married for almost seven years by now. You'd be Mrs. Emma Gordon and I'd be your ever-doting husband."

My lover's ability to casually rob me of breath and speech never failed to surprise me-no matter how many times he did it. "You wanted to marry me?" I asked carefully, belying my racing heart and dry throat.

He didn't make light of my question or what he'd easily admitted. "Yes, I did. I still do. Don't worry though-I'm not proposing. At least not yet."

"But you plan on it?" I had no idea how I managed to keep my voice from cracking.

Gabriel leaned closer until his nose touched mine. "Haven't I already answered that by now?"

I closed my eyes, unable to look into his without feeling an embarrassing prickle. "I don't know what to say."

"You don't have to say anything at all. I haven't asked you. Yet." Gabriel's lips made contact with my neck. "Breathe, Emma. We're fine, okay?"

My body erupted with goosebumps. "I know. I'm just..."

"Just what? Scared?"

"A little, but not because of you proposing one day."

"Then what is it?" he whispered while trailing a series of delicious kisses all along my collarbone. "You can tell me, baby. I won't judge."

"It's that sometimes I love you so much I think I'm going a little crazy."

Silence and then, "Emma?"

"What?"

"I love you so much all the time that I know I've already gone a little crazy. It's not so bad. Promise."

I giggled like a school girl and wanted to slap my hand over my mouth for making those embarrassing sounds. Gabriel's chuckle made me do it again.

"Ooh la la, Emma. I'm going to make it my life's mission to have you make those adorable giggles at least once a day. Twice on the weekends."

The limo came to a stop, giving me scant opportunity to compose myself before Waylon opened the door. I gave him my hand and looked around to see where we were. I thought I recognized the street in passing, but wasn't sure.

Curious, I studied the sleek building. It was probably about forty floors or so. Tall but not nosebleed-tall. The sapphire glass made me think of the ocean.

"We're only 3.4 miles away from our building. With traffic it feels like more, but I think it's still close enough. What do you think of it so far, Emma?"

"It looks expensive."

"Yes, and what else?"

"It looks nice."

"Nice. Nice? Really, Emma, I'm going to excise that word from your vocabulary."

"What? It's a good word. It's nice."

Gabriel's rude snort challenged my assessment.

"Fine, it's striking. A bastion of wealth and privilege. And you could even walk to work if you wanted," I pointed out as I bumped shoulders with him.

"Err, no. I'm lazy, remember?" Gabriel ushered us into the steel and glass edifice where we were met by a smartly attired older gentleman. He introduced himself as Edward Lemmings. We all shook hands.

A quick ride up the elevator and then we entered a palatial spread with a gorgeous view of the city. Gabriel and the realtor spoke in hushed tones, discussing square footage, amenities. My gaze remained locked to the world beyond glass.

This was what wealth could buy. A view, but not just any view. A view free of claustrophobic brick and mechanical traffic. Nothing but the sky.

I moved past the cavernous living room. I was careful not to touch the glass as I slowly walked along one end of the wall to the other and back again. The city lay before me, sparkling like a jewel and full of promise. I found the latch and stepped outside. The wide concrete space was easily twice the size of my apartment.

I turned in a slow circle. It could be so lovely.

Although currently barren, I could imagine bright carpets on the concrete, dark furniture arranged in neat groupings, and firefly strings of light crisscrossing above. A platform bed swathed in white could go in the corner, crimson pillows scattered about in invitation. Ferns could line the perimeter. Gabriel could install a fountain in the middle...

Nix the fountain since he wasn't buying the place.

My imaginations dwindled. Gabriel might not do anything outside at all. Drawn to the railing, I walked to it and leaned against the high wall. With face lifted to the wind and eyes closed, I let myself savor the moment of peace.

"Penny for your thoughts, Emma?" Gabriel whispered in my ear while squeezing my shoulders.

"No thoughts. Just quiet." I leaned my head back and smiled when he kissed me. The sweet pressure of his soft lips made my heart skip a beat.

"Do you like the view?"

"Very much so." My wide grin told him he was the view.

"Silly girl. Mr. Lemmings is waiting to show us the rest."

"Us?"

"Yes, us. Come on, Emma. I need your opinions, remember? I won't make a decision on this place unless you're involved." Gabriel took my hand and led me back inside. We walked through the luxurious space, hand in hand, and inspected each room. Gabriel asked few questions, leaving me to fill in the gaps. I had a feeling he was doing it on purpose.

We toured five bedrooms, six full bathrooms, one half bath, a media room, gym, library, living room, dining room, laundry room, butler's pantry, kitchen, private terraces off the living room and master bedroom, plus several other rooms that I can't even remember.

They were tastefully appointed, lovely, and rich with craftsmanship. I shoved down my usual feelings of discomfort whenever confronted with things that reminded me of my fiscally challenging childhood. My being here was obviously important to Gabriel and I wanted to do my best to be of help to him.

An hour passed before we ended back in the foyer.

"Well, what do you think, Emma?" Gabriel's fleeting mock frown dared to me to say the word 'nice.' I almost said it just to hear him complain.

"It's a lovely place. The view is gorgeous." Mr. Lemming beamed with pleasure. "I can't imagine anyone not wanting to live here."

Gabriel linked his arm with mine and whispered, "Yes, but what do you think?"

It felt strange to discuss the penthouse in front of the awaiting agent. "I think you could live here."

"With you?"

I smiled at Mr. Lemmings and then lowered my voice. "With me?"

Gabriel addressed the realtor. His smile could melt rock. "Could you give us a minute please?"

"Of course! Please take your time." Mr. Lemmings withdrew further into the foyer, giving us a relative amount of privacy. It wasn't enough for my love.

Gabriel bypassed the living room and instead steered us back onto the patio. "You liked it out here."

"I did."

"What did you see?"

"A beautiful place."

We walked along the wall, heels hitting the concrete in unison. "I see you here."

I eyed him with amused suspicion. "I know you. What are you really asking me, Gabriel?"

"I'm not asking anything. I'm just commenting on the fact that I imagine you being here."

His words made me giddy with pleasure. I couldn't stop the corners of my mouth from expressing my joy. "I imagined you living next door to me."

"You did not! I barged right through your precious boundaries!" Gabriel spun me. With his back against the wall, he tugged me until I stood right in front of him. "How about this? We'll split our time between the apartments and here."

I bit my lip. I wasn't sure what to say. Should I quibble on the details, harass him verbally just because I could? Or should I acquiesce because that's who I should be with him?

Non-bitchy and submissive?

Gretchen's words came back to me like spell.

"...the majority of submissives I've encountered are the most strong-willed, independent, stubborn people I've ever known."

"Gabriel?"

"Yes, baby?"

"I like the idea of splitting time with you. I still need my own space though. Is that okay with you?" I hoped it would be because I couldn't see myself giving up my apartment and permanently moving in with him. I'd come a long way, but I wasn't quite there yet.

"I guess I can accept that...for now." Gabriel graced with me a Cheshire grin. He enfolded me in his arms and squeezed. "Do you want to keep looking or is this the one?"

"I'm surprised you'd be willing to sign the papers just off one showing."

"Sometimes one is all it takes. You've taught me that very well."

I felt the happy blush slide across my face. Could my mouth permanently freeze in the shape of a goofy smile? "Oh."

"Oh, indeed." Gabriel brought my hands up to his mouth and kissed the knuckles. "Wait here for me."

I nodded and watched him walk back inside. All powerful frame and sinewy grace, he was such a magnificent man that I still couldn't believe we'd come back together. Addicted, I could only wait until the object of my growing obsession joined me again.

Minutes passed and the sky grew darker. I shivered but focused instead on the few stars shining high above. Eventually night extinguished dusk. Still I stood in place for an indeterminable time. Waiting.

Footfalls finally sounded. I didn't turn around even when I felt him at my back. Tremors ran through me again, becoming stronger and stronger still. I stiffened, doing my best to minimize the arrhythmic twitching.

"You're cold."

"I'm fine." I fixed my stare on a flashing light somewhere far across the horizon. Instinct told me to not to turn around.

The heat from Gabriel's large hands penetrated my shoulders. He squeezed them once. "Why didn't you come inside?"

"You asked me to wait."

"And so you did...even though you were uncomfortable. How long would you have waited?"

I focused my gaze on the buildings below us. The importance of my answer doubled my shivering. "As long as it took."

Gabriel hugged me to him, his breath warming the nape of my neck. "I watched you. I watched you stand here and I wondered, 'Why is she doing this? Why would she suffer the cold, standing still as a statue, and just wait?'"

The silence spun longer. Finally I asked, "Do you want an answer?"

"I do."

"Because you asked me to. That's why."

Gabriel covered my eyes with his hand. I startled. "Ssh, Emma," he murmured in a soft, soothing tone. "It's okay."

Sunk in a world without light, I leaned against him, letting my relaxed posture speak for me instead. His cologne comforted me nearly as much as his touch. Blind to everything but him, it was easy to believe we were the only two people left on the planet.

How lovely.

"I appreciate what you did for me, Emma. You suffered rather than risk going against my wishes. You were so very sweet to do that for me. I appreciate it far more than you'll ever know."

Gabriel's silken voice wound me tightly to him. "I'm glad you liked it," I murmured and then wanted to kick myself for the uninspired reply. Before I could worry about it too long, his lips found my sensitive ear lobe. I drew my breath in sharply.

"You like that, do you?" he purred and did it again.

My knees buckled, but Gabriel caught me with one arm. "What else would you do for me, Emma?"

This was it. The moment I'd been waiting for was finally upon me. "I would do a-anything."

"Mmm...anything. That just opens up a world of possibility, doesn't it?"

Gabriel flicked his tongue beneath my ear. I couldn't control my arching back. Hot sensation hit my pleasure spots. I might've gasped his name. I wasn't sure. All I knew was that his tongue felt divine.

"Are you sure you want this from me, Emma?"

I licked lips gone dry. "Yes, I do."

"You realize what I'm asking from you?"

Gabriel opened the door. All I had to do was walk through. This was my moment. No turning back. Strange, but I didn't feel fear. Anticipation, but not fear.

"Yes, I understand. I'm ready."

"Are you truly?" He inhaled my scent. "I had the best of intentions when it came to you, Emma. I wasn't going to be a bad boy. I was going to be so very good, but then I see you standing out here in the cold, suffering just for me. And you know what it did to me?"

Hanging upon every single, seductive syllable, I managed to answer softly. "What did it do to you?"

"It made me hard."

Gabriel's growl went straight to my core. I clenched, mourning the empty space and wishing he was inside me right then and there. Standing there in his embrace, I didn't think I'd ever been this excited.

I didn't know what Gabriel would do to me and I loved the uncertainty in this instance.

"I wasn't sure if you could really do this, Emma, but you've convinced me to move things faster. Know I didn't plan on doing things this way, baby. I was going to go so very slow, so slow that you barely knew what was happening. But I can't."

I licked lips gone dry. "It's okay. I can change and learn."

"You'll learn, but I don't want you to change. Not really."

"Then what do you want?"

"I want you to bend." Gabriel suckled the sensitive spot behind my ear before whispering, "You have to know that I can be a strict master. Sometimes that will require me to be firm with you."

Another shiver possessed my body. Gabriel mistook it for fear.

"It's not too late to back out now, Emma. Just say the word."

"No, I don't want that." I shook my head slowly, careful not to dislodge his hand.

Gabriel's breath exited in a soft whoosh. I echoed it. "All right then. Let me set the groundwork for you, Emma. In my spaces, I have total control. Total control. I'll expect you to submit to my rules, my way of being. While I'll always adore you, during those times we won't be equal. I will tolerate more from you at the beginning, but eventually I'll expect you to obey my rules without pause. Can you agree to it?"

I knew if I spent too long thinking about it I'd lose courage. I'd over-think it, questioning every step of the way and defeating the whole point of this exercise.

I tried to draw a deep breath. My heart was racing so fast. "I agree to it, Gabriel."

His arms closed around me. "We'll start a little bit at a time, all right? I know this is all new to you. It's all new to me too."

"Yes, Gabriel."

He kissed my neck before biting down. I cried out, still managing to hear him ask, "I want to play with you, Emma. Can I?"

SEVEN

My hands fluttered about, useless as they struggled to find a place to grip.

"Can I, Emma?"

Excitement threaded low in my belly. My patience was definitely about to be rewarded. Now that the moment was on me, I wondered if I had the guts to go through with whatever he wanted me to do.

It's now or never.

I took a deep breath and murmured in a shaky, thin voice, "Yes, Gabriel. You can play with me."

"You're afraid, sweetheart." He kissed the side of my neck, paying close attention to the pulsing vein.

"No! I'm not afraid of you...I'm just...nervous...that I won't know what to do."

I felt the tenderness in his tone like a physical caress. "Just do what you're told and you'll be fine. Can you do that for me, Emma?"

Dear God, I could do whatever he wanted as long as he spoke to me just so. His warm silken voice inspired dark imagination and a voracious longing for something I couldn't yet imagine but so desperately wanted.

"Yes, Gabriel."

"Oh, that's so very good, dear girl. Keep your eyes closed. You're doing so well, Emma."

"Yes," I moaned, shameless in my escalating anticipation.

"Okay. I'm going to take my hand away. I want you to keep your eyes closed, no matter what."

"Yes." It became the most important word in the world. "Yes, Gabriel."

"So lovely," he breathed against my neck. "You're so sweet and lovely, did you know that?"

I sighed again, thoroughly enjoying Gabriel's praise. "Thank you."

His smile imprinted on me through a simple movement of lips and tongue. Gabriel released me. I missed his touch already. "Turn around, Emma, and remember to keep your eyes closed."

My feet obeyed him slow and steady. With hands held out along my side, I felt better prepared for my voluntary blindness. Gabriel swiftly stripped that away from me.

"Put your arms down. I see your frown, baby. That is not becoming of my sweet girl. You did say you'd do anything for me, didn't you?"

Nervousness made my voice thinner. I couldn't let my stupid fear ruin this. "I did, Gabriel. I'm sorry...it's just that...I'm..."

"Put. Your. Arms. Down. Now."

The aggressive bite in his tone had me obeying immediately. Gabriel was all honey and silk again. "Good girl. Now listen for my voice and walk towards me."

The hundreds of square feet of concrete surrounding us made me leery of taking even one step forward. I didn't relish the idea of having scraped knees and palms because I tripped.

"What are you waiting for, Emma?"

I bit my lip. We'd just started and already I balked. I could do this. With furrowed brow, I carefully shuffled one foot forward.

"That's good," he encouraged warmly. "Now take a real step, my dear."

I flexed my wrists, fighting the desire to use them for balance.

"Are you afraid you'll fall, Emma?"

Nodding, I stood in place. Surely he'd laugh and tell me my test was over. I was wrong.

"We haven't gone over any rules-yet-but it's never too early to start. I expect a verbal answer when I ask you a question, Emma. It's a sign of discourtesy when you don't."

"I'm sorry." My throat prickled with disappointment. He didn't raise his voice or berate me, but the fact that he had to say anything meant I did something wrong. Type A personality to the core, I hated doing anything incorrectly. It shamed me, made me feel incompetent and the lowest of the low. I recognize it was an extreme reaction to the circumstances, but I despised it! I clenched my lids tight and took a shallow breath.

"You're not going to cry so soon, my love, are you?" His question didn't intend to mock me, but it had the same effect. I loathed having my weaknesses pointed out. Did it mean I was arrogant? Probably. Over the years I grew to think that if I could control everything around me, I'd never make a mistake.

"What do you think? Of course I'm not going to cry!" My snapping answer didn't please Gabriel as I was soon to learn. I resisted the urge to peek when I heard his deliberate footfalls come my way.

"Emma, my love, rule number two-you are not to speak to me in such a nasty tone when you are under my control. I won't tolerate it. Disobey and you will suffer the consequences for displeasing me. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes, Sir. I'm sorry, Sir." I flamed scarlet when the reverent title popped out of my mouth. I hoped it mollified Gabriel, especially because I was starting off as a rotten play companion.

"Very good. Now walk."

Frustration rose high. I really didn't like this despite my desire to please him. Gabriel knew I was scared of falling. He knew it enough to ask and he knew it was a valid fear. He insisted on taking away my sight and then my only defense against falling.

Against failure.

The cold finally had a visual effect on me. A violent shudder possessed my frame, ripping through me and setting my teeth to chatter.

"Why aren't you doing what I told you to do, Emma?"

"I'm going to. I am. I just..." my voice trailed off lamely. Again, didn't I just agree to do anything for him? Now when he'd finally asked something that was probably so little, so benign, I already balked.

It's okay if you fall here. It's not going to kill you. Perspective.

I swallowed a final burst of petty anger. Tipping my chin up, I inhaled and took a step forward. And then another. And another. If I fell, I fell.

But I wasn't going to let that happen. And neither was Gabriel.

His hands quickly closed around my arms. "You did so beautifully, Emma. I couldn't be happier."

I didn't open my eyes. Instead, I tilted my head to the side like an inquisitive pet and asked, "Even though I had a rough start?"

"Especially because you had a rough start." His mouth molded to mine, tongue sliding past my lips with slow sensual flicks. I wanted to sink my fingers into his shoulders and press my body against his. Instead, I stood statue-still.

"Why aren't you looking at me or touching me?" he asked a long minute later.

Again I felt that I misjudged the situation. My incompetence was bound to have me in tears sooner than not. I clenched my eyes shut, unable to look at the expression on his face. "I'm sorry...I thought...you told me to keep my eyes closed and my arms down and so I did. If I wasn't supposed to do that -"

Gabriel cupped my face with both hands and kissed me savagely. I loved it. His tongue thrust into mouth aggressively, dominating me until my body's every reaction centered on him. I wanted him. I let out muffled moans of violent pleasure as he possessed me. He cursed lewdly and then picked me up.

"Emma, I have to have you. Now."

I balled my fists up and buried them into my lap. I couldn't help but wonder what Mr. Lemmings thought of our lusty behavior. I didn't have a chance to ask Gabriel if the realtor was still inside because my lover continued to kiss me senseless.

We entered the quiet space, mouths locked onto one another. Gabriel walked until my back hit a column separating the living room from the foyer. Still I kept my hands to myself and my eyes shut. Gabriel guided my thighs to open wide on either side of him. When his hand snaked beneath my bunched skirt, I finally pulled my mouth away to whisper, "Did Mr. Lemmings leave?"

"Ssh."

"Gabriel-"

He cut me off with another kiss. Gabriel's teeth sank into my bottom lip for a lusty bite. "If you're still coherent enough to ask, then I'm not doing my job properly."

Gabriel passionately attacked my mouth, neck, and br**sts. Between the pillar and the steady arm holding me up, I was safe to go limp and experience his caresses.

It was feral, beautiful, and glorious.

I moaned shamelessly, feeling overcome by just how much Gabriel sent my nerve endings into overload. Still I didn't open my eyes or touch him. No matter how much I panted or cried out his name, I didn't disobey his command. The more I obeyed, the wilder Gabriel became.

A jagged tear of fabric, an impatient pause as he ripped open a foil packet, and then Gabriel filled me completely. We both groaned loudly as my body stretched to accommodate his size. I wished I could look into his eyes. Instead, I dropped my head to rest on his shoulder.

Gabriel drove into me hard. I snapped upright.

"Don't hide your face from me, Emma. I want to see everything while I'm inside you."

The raw words excited me. So did the command. I could feel a flood of heat and wetness between my thighs.

"Liked that, didn't you?" he purred against my swollen lips.

Although a bit embarrassed that he noticed my physical reaction, I managed to answer him with a moan. "Yes, Gabriel."

My lover rewarded me with several deep thrusts. I wasn't going to last long. Remembering how Gabriel denied me the first time we made love, I tried to keep my building orgasm to myself. I was so close, just a few more strokes and I'd be in heaven.

"I should take my belt to you right here and now, Emma, you naughty girl."

An expression of guilt surely sped across my face. "What do you mean?" Suddenly, I was very glad Gabriel couldn't look into my eyes.

"We both know what you're trying to do." Gabriel's h*ps moved slow and steady. I barely held back a moan when he leaned closer and whispered in my ear, "Those belong to me, Emma. I decide when and if you get to come."

My mouth went dry. This diabolical man really was going to deny me my orgasms completely sometimes?

"And considering what you just tried to do," he murmured hotly in my ear, "maybe I should keep this one for me today. Experience is a far better master than words." He then stopped moving. His h*ps plastered to mine, driving his threat home far more eloquently than words.

"Oh, please! I'm sorry, Gabriel. I won't do it again."

"I'm sure you won't, especially after suffering the consequences this time around."

I wanted to open my eyes, to plead for leniency. Instinct told me things would go worse if I did. I remained trapped, beholden only to him to give dimension in my dark world.

"I'm so sorry, Gabriel. It's just that I didn't know..." How I hated admitting to something I didn't know! I licked my lips, somehow sensing his attention was fixated on my mouth. I did it again and begged, "Gabriel, you make me feel so good. Please don't do this to me."

He sighed, aggrieved and lusty all at once. "I'm going to spoil you so badly, Emma. Already I can't deny you a thing." I sagged in relief. Gabriel then gripped my chin. "Today, dear girl. Today. I'm sure familiarity will render my softness and then we'll see, won't we? And considering how naughty you already are, I'm sure I'll be in trouble quite a bit."

Oh. Another flood of warmth drenched us both. There was no hiding the effect his words had on me. Who knew I'd be so receptive to being some kind of a masochist?

Although I probably shouldn't complain about that.

Gabriel chuckled in male satisfaction. With his free hand gripping the back of my head and beautiful mouth devouring mine, he resumed making my toes curl.

He filled me to the brim, making it so I could barely recall my name, much less anything else. Blinded and unable to touch him with my hands, I focused on my other senses to create the picture of us I couldn't see.

As always, Gabriel epitomized brilliant light and glorious color. The chill had long left my body as the heat from his skin warmed me. We broke apart, mouths looking for other pleasures divine. My nose nuzzled the line of his throat. I suckled the pulse beating strong. I loved the scent of Gabriel's body, the sound of his voice as he crooned my name or growled in dark pleasure.

He dropped kisses all along my jaw, neck, and shoulders. They branded me as his. All the while Gabriel imprinted me from the inside. Greedy, I wanted to pull him into my body, to keep him there forever.

Such strange thoughts when making love...

Soon the liquid slide became too much for me. I fisted my hands, shoving one against my mouth to keep the loud cries from spilling out. I wanted to come, but I wouldn't do it until Gabriel said I could. He may have said he was spoiling me, but he didn't give me the explicit go ahead.

Which I hoped would come soon because I could hardly hold on.

Attuned to me as always, Gabriel thrust into me harder. His fingers slid past my spread thighs and settled into the tender cleft.

"It's okay, Emma. Come for me, my love."

I arched wildly. Delicious, drugging pleasure sank into my veins. My free hand immediately reached for the pillar above. Gabriel's fingers plucked me, gently rolling my flesh between thumb and forefinger before smoothing it in long, even strokes. My thoughts scattered like pebbles on glass. Perverse, I didn't want to come anymore. I just wanted to feel this ecstasy with Gabriel forever. Joined together as one.

"Emma, look at me."

I shook my head for reasons I couldn't explain. I didn't mean to be so disobedient. I just couldn't seem to help my contrary nature. No wonder Gabriel and Gretchen questioned my ability to obey.

Gabriel wasn't amused or inclined to indulge me anymore. "Now," he growled. There was no sweetness in his tone. No compromise. "Don't fight me and don't make me tell you again."

Nervousness plagued me. I'd come to find comfort in my dark world, ephemeral images of Gabriel there to keep me company. It felt safe. I'd be utterly exposed once I left. Still I slowly opened my eyes. Gabriel's beautifully clear gaze impaled me surely as his lower body already did. A broken gasp flew from my reddened lips.

"Touch me."

I reached out, greedily rubbing my palms against his clothed shoulders and chest. The more I touched, the more he touched me. When I dropped my gaze to where we were joined intimately, Gabriel commanded in a clipped tone, "I didn't give you permission to look away, Emma."

The sureness of his authority over me made it difficult to remember the charming, playful man I'd become reacquainted with. Gabriel's earlier fumbling awkwardness had melted my heart. The playful, eager man who had bought me a dress and strapped shoes to my feet seemed a long ago, faded memory. This man bore very little similarity to him.

Intrigued, I couldn't deny wanting to know this side of Gabriel Gordon.

I kept my stare on his. Even while my h*ps thrashed against his clever fingers and heavy shaft. I barely blinked and didn't dare close my eyes when the knot in my belly tightened and broke. I whimpered his name, desperately clutching his shoulders as the waves dragged me further.

"Who's doing this to you, Emma?"

"You are, Gabriel." Just saying it sent another violent aftershock through my body.

His lips settled on mine. "Do you like the way I f**k you?" His tongue slid into my mouth deeply before retreating. "Do you, love?"

I moaned an affirmative.

"Tell me, Emma."

Far past the ability to be embarrassed, I panted, "I like the way you f**k me, Gabriel. It's all I ever want anymore."

Satisfaction pulled at the corners of his mouth. "Good. Oh, that's so...so very...f**king...good!" Gabriel's thrust faster. My core tightened about him and my sensitive nerve endings sprang back to carnal life. I moaned how much loved him, how much I needed him.

Gabriel wrapped his hand around my jaw, fingers digging into my skin and forcing my mouth to open widely. His kiss dominated me. I could barely breathe but didn't care. I pushed my body against his, clutching his hair so that I could kiss him as aggressively as he kissed me.

This was who we were now. Together as one. No walls, no fear.

He snapped his h*ps and then stilled. "Emma!" Gabriel moaned into my mouth. Deep joy flooded me. I kissed him deliriously, ravenous to consume every last groan of Gabriel's gratification.

This is what it's liked to be loved by the whole of a man. His goodness and his badness. Both sides. All for me to experience and to know.

Tangled in his net, I regretted my ignorance in thinking our love could be calculated and tweaked like a formula. Gretchen was right. The wait was worth it. I trembled with anticipation for the things I couldn't imagine but was bound to experience at his elegant hand.

Awakened and in a state of euphoria, I wanted to tell Gabriel of my beautiful revelations. I wanted to dance across the room and sing my heart out. The urge to babble my bliss itched the corners of my smiling mouth. I did none of those things. Instead, I kept kissing him as a dying woman clings to her last breath.

Violently and with the hope that she'll keep it forever.

All too soon it was gone. I almost could believe the glorious sense of freedom was all in my imagination. I hoped I'd feel it again, but if not, then at least I had this.

I moaned his name into his open mouth.

Gabriel's kisses gentled in response, coaxing me to mirror. The tension eased from our bodies. He whispered his undying love for me between soft, lingering kisses. Eventually he let me down. My feet had barely touched the ground before Gabriel picked me up again. "No, not yet."

"Aren't your arms tired?" I teased while ecstatic that I didn't have to leave the safe structure of his hold.

He shook his head. "You insult me, Emma. I'm lazy but I do work out."

"I can tell."

"You're flattering me. Do it some more? Tell me how big my muscles are. " He fluttered his eyes.

There was my silly man. Which meant our current game was over. I still couldn't say I understood the reasons for why Gabriel did what he did, but I could no longer pretend any part of me disliked it. I very much looked forward to the next engagement.

He, on the other hand, didn't seem to share my ease of mind.

"I shouldn't have asked all of that of you just yet," he declared rather abruptly.

"All of what?" I asked in genuine curiosity.

"You were afraid out there and I made you walk anyways. It scared you and I'm sorry for it."

Strange. "I know. Why did you make me?"

"To see how much you really trusted me. I needed to know."

I hugged him tighter. "I'm sorry about all those questions last night. I should've known you better than that." Guilt was a stain that sometimes felt impossible to ever fade. How many times had I hurt Gabriel and how many more times would I do it again?

I didn't mean to do it, Gabriel. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry I'm not braver when it comes to you.

He squeezed me back. "Ssh, Emma. Don't apologize for your truths. I know we've moved blazingly fast, despite our past connection with one another. I'm just glad to know that you trust me enough."

Enough. Not completely. Not fully. Just enough.

Emotion overwhelmed my island of contentment. Gabriel seemed incapable of holding anything against me. I wasn't sure if I was worthy of such loyalty and devotion.

"You really shouldn't be so nice to me."

"What a strange thing to say!" Gabriel kissed my forehead. "Why would you say that?"

I shook my head, unable to explain. "Nothing. I'm sorry that I forgot." My fingertips traced the sharp line of his beautiful cheekbone.

"Forgot what?"

"Forgot that nothing worthwhile ever comes easy."

Gabriel studied me with the gorgeous half-smile that always made me want to curl my toes. "You liked it. It excited you to be under my control."

Suddenly shy, I nodded my head. Gabriel said my name in measured warning. He also raised his hand and held it right over my backside in case there was any misunderstanding on my part.

"Yes, I liked it!"

He grinned and then slapped my ass hard.

"Ow!"

Undeterred by my undignified howl, Gabriel did it again. I gripped his lapel and buried my face in his chest. His laughter rained over me. Happiness held me in its palm. "You liked that."

"Of course, I did. I love spanking my sweet Emma."

"Gabriel?"

"Yes, baby?"

"Mr. Lemmings did leave, didn't he?"

"No. As a matter of fact, he's been waiting in the kitchen this whole time."

"What?!" I scrambled in vain to get back onto the ground. Gabriel denied me. His snickers had me yelling his name. "You almost gave me a heart attack!"

He spun me around. "Didn't I already tell you I don't share?"

"Yes, but-"

"I don't share, Emma. In any way. I'm greedy, didn't you know?"

"Good." I couldn't help the pleased grin from spreading across my face. "I'd hate to have to kill you for trying to share me."

"Duly noted, my sweet." We laughed together, the giddy chortles of those newly in love. "So do you still like it?"

"Like what?"

"The penthouse."

"Oh! Yes, I do."

"Good. Because I sent Mr. Lemmings away with the promise of a fully signed lease."

"And he didn't mind leaving us alone?"

"Of course not. Money has its advantages and he most likely trusted our christening wouldn't cause any noticeable damage to the place."

"You think he knew what we were doing?"

"Absolutely. Mr. Lemmings is a man of the world, after all. And you're such a beautiful, delicious morsel that I truly can't be blamed for wanting to taste you. Often."

I ducked my head. Gabriel didn't seem like he was ready to let me go anytime soon, so I just continued to enjoy the feeling of his arms around me. "Why do you need a penthouse again?"

"I don't actually need one. I want one."

"Tiny square foot apartments not living up to the dream?" I teased softly.

"It's sublime, Emma. However, I don't want you jumping out of your skin or being on the verge of throwing a fit every time we're there because I'm not spanking you or tying you up. Hence, a separation is needed. This place is for us to play. For you to try certain things my way. The apartment, yours at least, is for us to just be. No games. No play. Just good, old-fashioned, vanilla sex."

I considered his plan. It was a good one. The unfamiliar taking place in unfamiliar surroundings. I liked it.

I pounced on one word. "Vanilla? I'm the plainest flavor of all flavors." My fingertips poked his ribs unmercifully. "Is that what you're saying, Gabriel Gordon?"

"Hey, don't knock it! Vanilla is one of my favorite flavors, Emma. Especially dripped all over you..." His unflagging erection prodded me.

"Again?" My throaty chuckle let him know I was more than interested in exploring his taste for vanilla and other flavors intimately.

"Again, Emma. I want you down on your pretty hands and knees for me."

His growl did delightful things to me. We didn't exit the penthouse for another two hours. Thankfully Gabriel had come prepared so there was no hint of foil or latex left behind to ever tell what naughty things we'd been up to.

EIGHT

Our worlds intersected frequently over the next week.

Whether at the office, elevator, apartment, or penthouse, Gabriel and I never completely left the other's orbit for long. He called me religiously five minutes before the noon lunchtime he'd decreed for me. My body had instantly become accustomed to this habit.

I yearned for it to an unhealthy degree. A switch appeared about thirty minutes before his call, turning me from a focused employee to one who could barely remain seated in her chair. I couldn't concentrate. My gaze kept darting from the computer clock, to the phone, to my watch, and back again.

I'd entertain the urge to take a quick walk to shake out the excess energy. Only the fear that I'd miss his call and then lose my chance to be with Gabriel prevented me from doing so.

Unfortunately, my awakening in the penthouse lasted only so long, leaving me barely enough to remember through hazy memories and emotions. I'd chase after those bits, trying in vain to find that sweet spot where I had let go of all my fears and habits and find freedom. Instead of finding paradise, I'd find that memories from high school filled the void until I was stuck in their midst.

So many girls, all desperately in love with beautiful, tortured Gabriel Gordon spun through my mind. They were so violently in love that their emotions eventually turned into hate. Those girls were bewitched, drunk on simply being in his presence. They'd needed Gabriel to place them in the center of his consciousness. Anything less made them insane. In short order, I'd transformed into one of Gabriel's many wraiths.

Unacceptable.

"Hello, Emma."

"Hello, Gabriel." It was a solitary game I played in defiance of my own feelings. How long could I pretend to be verbally unmoved even while heat pooled low in my belly? I did it because I didn't want to be a wraith. I wanted to be me-strong, independent, and...

The word trail always ended at this point. I didn't know how to love and not run away. And I didn't want to run away from Gabriel. So I stayed. I stayed and went through the motions, confused and unsure of who I really was when I loved Gabriel Gordon. I just knew who I wanted to be.

Someone who was confident and sure of her abilities.

"How are you surviving the day without me so far, my dearest love?"

Terribly now. I need you and I don't want to need you but I do.

Surrounded by my real life and all the trappings of a responsible, ambitious employee, it was too disconcerting to admit how fixated I was on him. I always lied.

"Fine."

"Mmm, just fine? Lucky you."

I couldn't control the nervous clacking of my fingers. My answer never fooled him, but Gabriel didn't call me on it. Hopefully he never would. I believed he understood the transition I faced and trusted me enough to know I was doing my best to get to where I didn't have to hide any of my emotions.

The confusion faded whenever I saw him. Then I could dismiss the haunting fear lurking behind my every smile.

Lunch was more than sharing a meal. It was the twining of our fingers. The smiles shared between us. The quiet embrace in the back of his limo where we held each other so tightly there wasn't room for anyone or anything else but us. Conversation ebbed and flowed. Sometimes we climbed over each others words, eager to share every molecule of our day. Other times not an unnecessary word crossed our lips.

We always broke off in the same place we started-the elevator.

On Thursday I saw my doctor and got a prescription for birth control. Gabriel had kindly offered the services of his private physician, but considering how his doctor had just treated Embry, I declined. It didn't necessarily make Gabriel happy, but he didn't argue.

I also met my security team-both of them. In a gesture of transparency, Gabriel wanted me to know the people who were following me, for my own safety and his peace of mind of course.

"I know this is all new for you, Emma. I don't want you walking around, wondering who's on my payroll. That's why I want you to meet the people who are going to keep you safe. They are the best at what they do. They are also really good at staying out of the way. You'll probably never see them, but if you do, you'll know who they are."

He'd also met my demands from the other night and hired a small security team that would report solely to me. I did my best to seem comfortable at both meetings, but it was a challenge.

The groups' background was a mix of military and police experience and training. I didn't want to dwell on what they must think of me. They probably thought I was a temporary presence in Gabriel's life. I know I would think that if I was in their position.

I laid out my expectations. I only wanted the team to report Gabriel's movements to me if he was in danger, hurt, or dying. I had no interest in using them to keep him on a short leash or to ensure his fidelity to me.

Considering his secret lunch with Embry, maybe I was being too naive and trusting. Even so, I was willing to take that risk.

Dinner was an awkward affair that evening. We went to an Italian restaurant. Gabriel watched me over candlelight, thoughts hidden safely away behind solemn regard and the occasional smile. I tried to pretend that I wasn't unnerved by knowing there was always someone watching.

As usual Gabriel understood what troubled me. "You'll get used to it soon," he promised. "It's just a precaution. You hope you never need it, but you're glad if you do." I nodded, unable to summon up the energy to verbally agree.

"Did they see us on the balcony?" I blurted in a hushed whisper. I didn't like to think that our private moments were being catalogued, filed away in some internal report.

7:58pm-Mr. Gordon is on the balcony of penthouse. Currently kissing one Ms. Emma Adams. No sign of hostiles anywhere.

8:05pm-Mr. Gordon is now leading his female companion inside after watching her stumble along blindly. It is this operative's opinion they are currently engaged in some sort of sexual conduct. Still no sign of hostiles anywhere.

Gabriel shook his head, but I didn't think exhibitionism would ever fit into our lifestyle. Call me a prude if you will, but I'd like to keep that side of us private.

Even after our stilted conversation and barely touched food, we managed to make love late into the night. I learned without a doubt vanilla was indeed one of Gabriel's favorite flavors. Security teams, old flames, dominance and submission, all of it was shelved to be dealt with another day. We explored each other's bodies thoroughly, finding new places to kiss and touch.

Much later we dragged ourselves out of bed and went through the intimate acts of getting ready for sleep. I knew there'd come a time when brushing our teeth in our separate sinks would be as normal as throwing out the trash, but I still couldn't get over seeing Gabriel in my bathroom. It made me happy.

We didn't wear anything in bed. Naked, skin to skin, Gabriel and I twined in repose. We whispered little confessions, nothing too heavy, just the small fragments of memory that came between consciousness and unconsciousness.

The sound of his voice lulled me to sleep, making me feel protected and safe from everything. Hanging there on the brink of dream, I loved the way our legs fit perfectly together as we turned on our sides and nestled against one another. And though it had been only a few short days, I could barely remember what it was like to sleep alone.

Sometimes I woke before he did early in the morning and simply watched my golden Gabriel slumber. His long lashes filled me with good natured envy. His aquiline nose begged to be kissed on the bridge. I often couldn't resist lightly tracing his slashing brows. I carefully brushed back his hair, falling in love with how soft and silky those strands were against my hand.

Those were the moments I knew I'd treasure for the rest of my life.

I liked visiting Gabriel's apartment almost as much as he liked having me there. He took every opportunity to either take me shopping for some new piece he must simply have and or shopping for a plethora of frivolous but lovely things that I must simply have or he'd never be able to rest until I had them in my possession. I had all sorts of trinkets as proof of Gabriel's affection. The stack of hardbacks next to my bed grew exponentially and I had enough bath gels, soaps, and powders to last me until next year.

When we weren't shopping or dining together, Gabriel took every opportunity to get me nak*d and in his bed. I loved those lusty moments, panting and greedy for every slide of his body against and inside me. His name rolled off my tongue nearly as often as mine rolled off his.

As I've already said so many times, I didn't know how one could be that deliriously happy and not explode.

Everyday a new experience awaited me and everyday I found it impossible to believe that I could love Gabriel anymore than I already did. And everyday proved me wrong.

Because of this, I was high on happy when I decided to surprise my lover.

I was going to enter Gabriel's domain for the first time. Even though it was a Wednesday, I'd gotten off work early for me-which was on time for many others in my department. On a whim, I decided to go up instead of down when I got on the elevator. Considering how many times Gabriel had asked me to work for him, and how comfortable he was coming to my cubicle, it should've felt easy to enter his domain.

My ride in the elevator reminded me of what it would've been like if I'd waited for Gabriel after class or at his locker back in high school. I nearly rolled my eyes at the comparison. Wasn't I was so horribly stunted when it came to romance? The only experience I'd had was incomplete and had taken place a lifetime before. I just hoped Gabriel never caught on or remarked on it.

Then I'd have to explain why I was so inexperienced and his crowing would make my head detonate. Gabriel didn't need the ego stroke and I needed to keep my head right where it belonged.

I got off the elevator and passed through a set of glass doors etched with the company's logo and entered the surprisingly cozy lobby. I expected an overblown affair whose sole purpose was to announce how powerful Gordon Industries was and how weak everyone else was in comparison. Instead, it was a beautifully crafted space of beige, white, and silver. An enormous flatscreen TV hung on the wall above a fireplace with a quartet of plush chairs centered in front of it.

The thick carpet muffled my steps as I approached the receptionist's sleek desk. Strangely nervous that I was intruding a holy space whose sole purpose for existing was to make money, and I had no offering other than myself, I wondered what the beautifully dressed woman would think of my audacity in invading her serene domain. I squared my shoulders and held myself with the composure of a pure professional-not a girl intent on sneaking a peek of the boy she was head over heels in love with.

Before I could announce myself, Gabriel's assistant suddenly met me at the desk. If I had surprised him with my presence, Rick was professional enough to hide it with a welcoming expression.

"Hello, Miss Adams! I take it you're here to see Gabriel?"

I mirrored his smile, grateful I hadn't received an impatient scowl. "Actually I am, if he's not too busy. Is he available?" I glanced up at the ceilings, wondering if my presence had been caught on camera and relayed to Gabriel.

Rick nodded his head at the smiling receptionist. "Don't worry about signing her in, Melinda. Miss Adams is one of Gabriel's personal friends. Please call for me immediately whenever she arrives."

Melinda stood up and reached for my hand, warm pleasantries at the ready. I shook it and returned her friendly smile. "It's very nice to meet you, Melinda."

"It's nice to meet you too, Miss Adams."

"Great! Shall we go?" At my nod, Rick then ushered me down a lengthy hallway and up a staircase. I appreciated his silence since I'd never been good at small talk. We shortly arrived at Gabriel's door. "He's right in here, Miss Adams. I was actually on my way out for a snack so you can go right inside. No need to knock."

"Please call me, Emma."

"I'm glad to hear that, Emma. You can call me Rick. Gabriel has talked about you so much that I feel like I already know you."

That was a good sign. Maybe he really didn't mind my presence in his boss's life after all. "Gabriel has nothing but great things to say about you."

He gave me a knowing smirk. "You don't have to be so polite. I'm sure he's already whined to you about what a big bad bully I can be."

"A little. Speaking of, I won't be staying for long," I assured him. "I just wanted to surprise Gabriel and let him know I'm heading home early."

Rick tilted his head, crooked grin making him look surprisingly young and a bit mischievous. "I doubt Gabriel is going to let that happen, Miss Adams. You know how he is. Good luck!" And with that, Rick left me at the hallowed portal and disappeared down the hallway.

Feeling a little self-conscious, I carefully turned the knob and opened the door wide enough to slip in unnoticed. Gabriel didn't see or hear me. With gunmetal gray jacket off, ivory tied loosened, and sleeves rolled up, my lover was fully engaged in his work. Lost in thought, eyes crinkled as they studied the paper before him, Gabriel was obviously in his element.

I didn't pay much attention to the imposing wall of windows, dark furniture, or sculptures lined perfectly in their niches. Instead, I stood there with my back against the door, taking full advantage of the private moment to watch Gabriel simply be. It was a stolen moment, one I nurtured because of how I'd taken it.

Once more I was awash in high school memories. I watched him all the time back then too, careful to keep it from being obvious. It was my secret obsession. Now I was doing it again.

I often wondered exactly how he spent his days away from me. Ridiculous as it may be, sometimes I thought Gabriel just sat at his desk all day long and waited until he could call or see me.

A private toy, capable of only coming to life with me. Much like I only seemed to come to honest life with him.

You're all I ever really wanted...

My heart squeezed painfully. Perhaps it was a throwback to some superstitious ancestor, but I truly didn't believe I could be this happy and not pay the inevitable price. One simply did not have this much bounty in her life without something terrible happening to balance out the scales.

Come on, Emma. Don't think that way. You're just afraid-that's all. Just remember it was that same kind of madness that made you leave Gabriel's bed on Prom Night. Don't let fear get the best of you. Not now.

I nearly left as quietly as I came. I didn't want to bother Gabriel nor did I want to risk contaminating our joy with my runaway fears. I could just call him later on when I was confident again and not ready to throw salt over my shoulder for good luck.

I loved him and was so afraid I'd lose him because I loved him. How could anyone reason with such madness?

My hand reached for the knob behind me, ready to turn it when Gabriel looked up. His full lips immediately curled into an angelic smile. My legs weakened and my willpower crawled away. Would I ever become immune to his endless charms?

I hoped not.

Without saying a word, Gabriel stood up and walked towards me. Unbalanced and more than a little shy, I felt like that young girl watching him in class again. Except this time, I wasn't just watching him sleep or moving down the hall. I was watching him look at me fully and seeing myself reflected in his beautiful smile.

Before I had a chance to say anything, his warm hands slid along my jaw and pulled me close for a tender kiss. It was homecoming, a sweet welcome to our secret world.

"I love you. I missed you. I'll never run away from you again."

Of course, I didn't say those words out loud, but Gabriel's body registered them as if I'd had. He pulled me close, one hand wrapped in my hair and the other on my waist. My fear ebbed until I could barely remember feeling it.

This is where I belonged-even if it took me nearly a decade to get here.

When we finally pulled away, just barely, Gabriel declared with a husky whisper, "What a lovely way to end my day. I'm so glad to see you."

I clung to him as hard as he clung to me, refusing to let more than an inch separate us. "You're not upset to see me here?"

"Why ever would I be upset to see you? Come, let us sit down." Gabriel held my hand and walked me over to a seating area. As with everything else, I loved the feeling of his palm against mine. We sat down, knees touching, and looked at one another.

It was unbearably intimate. I suddenly had a hard time holding his gaze. I knew I would not be able to conceal my overwhelming love for Gabriel. Just sitting with him made me ridiculously ecstatic.

"What do I owe the pleasure of this surprise visit, Emma?" Gabriel kissed my knuckles and entwined his long fingers with mine.

"I just wanted to let you know I was going home early today." I added in a sudden rush, "Please don't think that you have to leave too. I just wanted to see you before I left."

A playful light entered his glittering gaze. "Now, Emma, you don't really think I'm going to let you go now, do you?"

"You could."

"I could...but I won't."

I sighed in mock resignation even though his words made me giddy. "That's pretty much what Rick told me."

"Rick?" Gabriel asked softly while tracing the line of my jaw. "You saw him?"

It was getting difficult to concentrate. I leaned into his touch, hungry for more. "Yes, he is the one who brought me here. He said he was getting a snack."

Gabriel looked down and smiled. The enigmatic grin hinted at secrets untold. "Did he now?"

I fully suspected Rick had not been honest with me. In fact, I was sure he hadn't been. "I'm so sorry about coming in like this!" Heat raced across my cheeks. I made to get up even though that was the last thing I truly wanted. Gabriel's work was too important for me to interfere with. Besides, I had just planned on seeing him for a few minutes. "I'll get out of your hair-"

"No, no! Stay here!" he exclaimed while pulling me back down. "You're not interrupting anything, Emma. Promise."

"Are you sure?"

"Positive."

I didn't quite believe him, but I didn't push either. I enjoyed Gabriel's attention too much to really try to leave. "Okay." I looked around, fishing for something to comment on. My gaze alighted on a wall of books. I gestured with my chin and said, "That's the library you were tempting me with, isn't it?"

"Yes. When you agree to be my muse you can add to it."

I rolled my eyes and sighed. "I like where I work, Gabriel."

"Yes, but you'll like it here better. You'll see."

I shook my head and laughed. I'm not even sure if Gabriel meant what he said or if he just liked to get a predictable reaction out of me. I leaned towards he just liked to tease me because I made it so easy for him.

"Where would you like to go for dinner tonight?"

"Actually I was planning on cooking."

Gabriel's expression lit up. "I get to eat your food?" He tugged me to my feet. "Then we need to hurry. I just need to finish up a few things. Come along, Emma. Hurry!" Gabriel led me to his desk at a fast clip. He sat down and quickly pulled me onto his lap. "We don't have a moment to lose, baby."

"What are you doing, Gabriel? What if someone comes in?" I struggled to stand up. Surely this was not the appropriate setting for this. Gabriel locked his arm around my waist and squeezed.

"No one will barge in here while that door is closed. Now sit still while I read this. If you're a good girl I'll take you out for ice cream."

"I'm not a child, Gabriel. You don't have to bribe me with treats." I flushed, feeling equal parts aroused and scandalized.

Gabriel cuddled me and kissed my warm cheek. "No, but you're my sweet girl and I like to take care of you. Now sit here quietly or you won't get any ice cream."

"I really don't need ice cream."

"No one needs ice cream, Emma. That's why it's a treat. At the risk of being repetitive, just sit quietly on my lap and let me finish my work." Gabriel kissed my cheek again and turned his attention to the papers on his desk.

Our picture sat prominently by his phone in a heavy silvered frame. I recognized it from our shopping trip to Macy's when we were furnishing his apartment. "I didn't know you had this picture."

"I asked for a copy and the photographer was kind enough to get it to me ASAP. I love looking at your smile. It makes the day bearable when everything points to the opposite."

Joy fluttered in my belly. I remembered how Gabriel tickled me right before the camera flashed. I studied my image, finding it hard to believe that the glamorous creature standing beside a picture-perfect Gabriel was really me.

"I'd like one too."

"Would you?"

"Yes, I would."

Gabriel nuzzled my neck and promised me a copy. He then followed it with "Now it's quiet time. Just for a bit, all right?"

I wiggled in his lap, trying my best to find a comfortable position. Gabriel placed his hand on my thigh in subtle warning. Undeterred I pressed, "Won't you be able to concentrate better if I sit over there?"

"No, I would not. Now hush." Gabriel kissed my neck again, seemingly to take the sting out of his words. Either that or he just liked kissing me.

I should've just accepted it, but I really didn't want to get in the way of his work. I knew how much of a grump I was when it came to interruptions. Even Gabriel's. I often wanted him to sit quietly while I finished whatever I worked on, so I should've known how to do it properly.

Apparently, I didn't.

I wiggled again. Gabriel tapped me once, freezing me in place. I glanced at the spreadsheet in his hand and whispered, "It's really okay. I can just sit over there with a book."

"If I wanted you to sit there you would. I want you here with me." He squeezed my leg and instructed me to "Be as quiet as a mouse or better yet a fuzzy little rabbit. If you don't I'll be very, very irritated with you. And, Emma? I very much doubt you would like that."

I tried. I really, really did for about one minute. My gaze kept darting to the door, expecting Rick to come in at any moment and catch me on his boss's lap. That wasn't the impression I wanted to give Gabriel's trusted assistant and friend. I was a professional, not a pretty face with a bit of fluff to pass for a brain.

Clearing my throat, I tried one more time. "Maybe it would be better if I just waited for you outside in the lobby."

Gabriel sighed loud and long, patience obviously at an end. "You always have to do everything the hard way, don't you? Very well, Emma." Before I got a chance to say anything in my defense, Gabriel stood up and marched me over to a corner, his hand firmly on my elbow. "Since you can't be a good girl and do what you're told, you're in time out. Use it wisely and reflect on your behavior."

My eyes widened in shock. "You've got to be joking."

"I'm afraid not, Emma. Now turn around and face the wall. You aren't to move until I say you can. Understand?"

"Gabriel, I don't like this-"

"Well, I didn't like you being a bad girl. We all must live with our disappointments."

"But-"

"My space, my control. Remember you agreed to this?" When I didn't turn around Gabriel crossed his arms and looked down at me, all traces of boyish charm gone. He said my name in warning. When I still dawdled he growled, "I'm not going to ask you again."

My gaze once more flew to the closed door. "But what about Rick? What if he comes in and sees us?" Did that tiny, mournful voice really belong to me?

"Don't worry about my assistant, Emma! You just worry about doing what you're told."

Gretchen's advice echoed in my mind.

"A normal relationship usually means roses, candlelight dinners, puppies and kittens. Yours might mean stripes across your ass and timeouts in the corner."

The stripes were bound to come my way if I didn't do what I was told. I blew out a ragged breath and turned around. Fisting my hands in frustration, I swallowed the rest of my protests. Despite my best intentions, I wasn't very gracious about accepting my fate. Something that didn't go unnoticed by Gabriel.

He chuckled and blew softly against my neck. "Oh, my. Looks like someone is absolutely begging for a spanking. Have you had a bad day, Emma? Will a spanking help make you feel better? I think it would make you very sweet, don't you?"

I couldn't tell if he was joking or just trying to push my buttons again. So I bit my lip and kept my silence. Which was not to be tolerated by Gabriel at all.

"Emma, I asked you a question. You better answer it or I'll come up with my own answer. And, baby, fair warning-you probably won't like what I'll come up with."

"I wasn't having a bad day but I am now," I grudgingly pointed out. "Teach me to come see you after work. I won't make that mistake again. Oh, and you can forget about me cooking for you. You can buy us pizza tonight."

Instead of getting angry, Gabriel laughed and tugged my hair. "You're hurting my feelings, Emma. I was so looking forward to your delicious food. Still, watch your tone. It's far too snippy for my taste, understand?"

Subdued, I murmured an affirmative.

"Now stay here and I'll tell you when you can come back."

His footsteps faded. I itched to turn around. Facing the smooth wall, I wondered what would happen if I simply walked back to his desk or even left. The little devil on my shoulder prodded me to do so. The little angel was curious as well.

So was I.

What could he possibly do to me here?

I stepped back and immediately froze when Gabriel remarked blandly, "Emma, you really, really don't want to do that." He waited a beat. "Now get back into position. Since you want to try my patience, now you have to press your nose against the wall. Try my patience again and I'll make you balance a two quarters on your nose. And no, that is not a joke. And yes, it's incredibly difficult to do when one's nose is as small as yours."

I believed Gabriel. He sounded too sure of himself for me to disobey. Damnit! Where did my daring go? The ivory wall felt cold against my skin. The heat in my cheeks was plenty warm though. If Gabriel wanted me to feel like a bad girl he had definitely succeeded. Embarrassment, anger, and humiliation all vied to control my emotions.

I never liked being in trouble, no matter how great or small the offense. I was a gold star kid and Gabriel had just sent me home with a frowny face sticker. I crossed my arms and fidgeted from one leg to another. Another minute of this passed before I heard Gabriel drawl, "Are there ants in your pants? For the love of God, stand still!"

I locked my legs. My back resembled a ruler, it was that straight. I didn't allow myself to wonder why I was obeying Gabriel to this degree. I already knew why. I wanted to please him. Somehow standing there with my face against the wall pleased Gabriel. The prize wasn't necessarily my punishment. It was the delicate shackle of control that I willingly clamped around my ankle by obeying him.

Framed in that perspective, I had to admit it was all rather romantic. In a dark, moody sort of way. Gretchen was right. None of this between us was going to be normal, but it didn't mean it was any less serious.

My frustration evaporated, leaving a vague sense of regret and guilt behind. Why did I have to make such a big deal of everything? Gabriel hadn't asked much of me. Would it have hurt to have just sat on his lap? I swore I wanted this, but then I screwed it up every chance I got. I would do much better next time. Again it boiled down to trust.

And my stupid, suffocating, damnable fear was bound and determined to make my life hell.

My mind blanked. I didn't try to preoccupy myself. I stood there and waited, feeling as if I would wait for Gabriel forever. Hadn't I already done so? I waited for Gabriel even when that fact was unbeknownst to me.

Besides, it really wasn't that hard, was it? All I had to do was wait. No other decision or action was required of me. No fighting, no thinking...I just needed to be in this body doing exactly what I was doing right now.

Terror and exhilaration pumped hard through my veins. Again I acknowledged our love had the potential to be bad for me, but I didn't care. While staring into a rather colorless wall, a heavenly rainbow of color exploded in my mind's eye. My senses heightened. I fancied I could hear the soft whisper of Gabriel sliding one piece of paper over another. If I concentrated surely I'd hear the breath leaving his body. My heartbeat thumped loudly in my ears. The skin on my legs and back tingled when I imagined Gabriel watching me.

How lovely to finally be under his regard.

Would it be the same for him as it was for me? Did Gabriel find it impossible to look away?

The same sensations that I felt in Gabriel's penthouse while pinned against the column tickled the back of my brain. Freedom. Release.

Suddenly I knew it by name, excited beyond anything that I'd found that wondrous space again.

I'm letting go and becoming someone new at the same time.

I swayed. Gabriel called me over to his desk as soon as I closed my eyes. In a blissful fog, I made my way over to him. I stood between his legs, gaze pinned to the floor as I transcended my petty fears and found something better.

In the midst of my awakening, I'd opened myself up to something indefinable. I didn't feel the urgency to make sense of what was happening inside my mind. The urge to control my surroundings vanished. My feelings of inadequacy disappeared as if they never were.

I was somewhere else, somewhere in my mind where all of this made perfect sense and where I knew exactly what to do.

"Emma," he crooned softly. "Are you pouting?"

"No." I definitely wasn't in a sulk. My worldview tilted. The ground felt unsteady beneath my feet. I had the pressing urge to sink down and rest my head on his knee. Just when I opened my mouth to share this wonderful sense of excitement, I felt it all disintegrate.

No! Why?

Damnable fear howled from its pit and wrapped around me. Saddened and confused, I realized my contentment left as quickly as it had arrived. What to do now? How could I recapture those heady feelings? What was I doing wrong to make them go away?

Most importantly, how would I get them back?

Gabriel tipped my chin up. He searched my bewildered gaze for long moments, smooth brow furrowed in concern. "Emma, is something wrong?"

"I don't know."

How to explain how thrilled I was to know there was more to my life than I'd already experienced? That I could enter a state of euphoria just by staring at a wall?

How to explain how confused I was to know this as well? It was just a wall, one I'd faced simply because my sadistic lover bade me to. An act that held no real significant meaning other than to serve as an exercise in obedience.

Both true and untrue at the same time. How was that possible? And why did I feel so lost now? It made no sense.

I prided myself on always knowing an answer, no matter how difficult question. There were no answers in this. Only more questions.

In giving myself to Gabriel, was I really losing myself or finding myself for the first time? The questions made my head ache. Nothing could be solved simply when it came to Gabriel Gordon.

"Will you sit and let me hold you now?"

I nodded, dazed from the meltdown occurring in my brain. All I wanted to do was crawl into Gabriel's lap and stay there. I was losing my mind right in front of the man I loved most in the world.

And there was nothing I could do to stop it because I didn't even understand what was happening.

"No arguing?"

I shook my head, mouth still closed in a small line. Gabriel smoothed his thumb across my lower lip.

"Color me surprised, Emma. You not argue? What is the world coming to?"

I stared at him blankly. My reaction seemed to concern my lover.

"Can you smile for me, dear girl?"

I managed something less than a full smile and much more than a grimace. Gabriel tilted his head, studying me. "That will never do, Emma. Can you try again for me?"

I summoned another attempt, truly not trying to be willful. I wouldn't have blamed him if he sent me back to the corner. I was unbalanced and unsure in a way that was violently painful for someone like me.

What did this mean? Why can't I snap out of it?

Was I being submissive or having a breakdown? Had I found the way to peace by letting go of the fight this soon or was I bound to snap in bloody rebellion? Did I seriously like being punished or was I just so hot for Gabriel that I didn't care what method he used to pay attention to me?

All these thoughts and more did their best to make my mind a turbulent wasteland of over-thinking mania.

What to do? What to do? What to do?

God, I'd rather go back to work than deal with this. Worse, I knew it was all my own damned doing. I truly was my own worst enemy.

Gabriel pulled me onto his lap. He arranged me until my head rested on his shoulder and my legs were draped across his strong thighs. "You're surprisingly sensitive," he said while running his hand across my hip. "I always suspected it, but didn't know it was to this degree."

Surprised by his declaration, I wondered how to go about defending myself or if I even should. "I'm usually not. I'm just as surprised as you are."

"Then what's happening, sweet girl?"

A soft sigh passed my lips as I gazed across the room, looking for an answer I knew I wouldn't find. "I really don't know, Gabriel. I'm never myself when I'm with you. And now..."

"What? Tell me."

"Now something's wrong inside here." I tapped my forehead once.

"Love has a way of making us lose all sense. Some people never really experience it to this degree because they never really try to open themselves up to their loved one. Frightening, isn't it?"

"Right now it's terrifying. I think I'm going crazy, Gabriel." Saying the words out loud made them real. "In fact, I must be."

"You're not. I promise."

"But something strange happened to me, Gabriel. It happened at the penthouse and just now. I don't even know how to explain it other than to say..." My voice gave out.

"What?" he prodded gently. "Go on, baby. You can tell me anything. Promise."

"Everything made sense. I didn't worry about us. I didn't even worry if I could do this with you. I knew that I could. And just like that-it was gone. And now I feel worse than ever before."

Mentally cringing, I waited for Gabriel to dismiss my ramblings.

He squeezed me once and said gently, "I'm very happy to hear this, Emma. You are bending towards me just as I hoped you would. That's why you're feeling this strangeness, baby. It's perfectly normal-at least in these circumstances."

Relieved that he didn't minimize my feelings, I asked, "What is it?"

"You're reworking your habits. You're letting go of all your anxieties about us and letting yourself trust me."

Once again it came down to trust. "It's frightening, Gabriel."

"Learning to trust someone completely always is."

"Shouldn't it be a good thing then? I mean, shouldn't it feel..." I searched for the right words. "Light? Happy? Good? Not this!"

"There's always chaos before creation. It's as old as time."

"It doesn't make sense to me."

Gabriel stroked my hair. "I know it doesn't, my love, but it will soon. You're as brilliant as always, did you know that? To move this quickly, without direction of any sort, it's amazing."

"Truly?"

"Absolutely."

Cheered but not completely settled, I admitted, "I'm not used to this sort of disruption. I like knowing all the answers and now I feel completely lost."

"I know." Gabriel gifted me a sweet, lingering kiss. His warm lips were a scant inch from mine. "I know how much of a sacrifice this is for you, Emma. I appreciate it more than you'll ever know."

"Thank you." I turned into him further. I just couldn't get close enough. My hand reached out and cupped his cheek. "I'll figure this out and once I do, I'll do better."

"You're doing beautifully, Emma. Don't be so hard on yourself." Gabriel tweaked the tip of my nose and commanded with a devilish grin "Leave that to me."

Dark humor possessed me with the inappropriate urge to laugh. Losing my keen mind and stumbling about was a marker of success. Great! No wonder Gretchen grilled me on my commitment to this lifestyle. I ignorantly thought it'd all be elaborate props and rough sex.

"I wish I knew exactly what to do to make us both happy. If I did, I would just do it all the time."

"So would I." Gabriel ran his fingers through my hair.

This was interesting. "You're confused too?"

"Every day. Didn't you know? Why do you think I made such a mess of things last week?"

"It was pretty bad. I'd never guess you could be so much of a disaster by how smooth and debonair you usually are."

"Now I know you're making fun of me. That's hardly allowed, Emma, you naughty girl."

I giggled, relieved by his humorous tone. This felt normal and at this moment I needed normal more than ever. "I'm not teasing you, I swear!"

"You better not be!" Gabriel dove for my neck, nibbling it while I shrieked. "That's better, Emma. I love it when you smile, my love."

My cheeks ripened with happy color. "Your smiles are my sun, Gabriel. I can't survive without them." The poetry of my words may have been bad, but the sentiments were real.

He gathered me closer and rested his chin on my head. "I feel exactly the same, Emma. Exactly."

"So can you tell me why you're confused too?"

His answer came immediately. "I've never met someone quite like you." Gabriel shifted me further up in his arms. Our gazes met and held. "I'm not even sure what rules apply to you, Emma, and how I should go about enforcing them. Or if I even should."

"Was it like that with the others?"

"No. They fit one compartment in my life until they didn't. There was no confusion. Obey or leave. No other options. It was easier that way."

Gabriel's coldness seemed alien and nothing like how he'd ever been with me. I pitied his past lovers more than ever. "Why are you so confused with me?"

"Because I love you. How do I do the same things with someone I love? I haven't figured out the answer to that, Emma. Especially because I only became that way after you."

What Gabriel said meant that in a roundabout way it was my fault that he'd been so cruel to his past lovers. "I'm sorry that I didn't believe you all those years ago."

"It's more than okay, Emma, because you believe me now."

A pang pierced me. I did believe Gabriel even if I couldn't myself trust completely.

"I don't like the idea of you doing the same things with me as you did with them."

He leaned close and said with a French accent, "Your jealousy is sexy."

"I'm serious, Gabriel. I wouldn't like it."

"I know you wouldn't, Emma. I feel exactly the same way." Gabriel sighed. "I wished I had saved myself for you."

This mournful statement had me laughing. "You're kidding! I can't believe you actually said that."

"Well, it's true. We're both jealous and insecure over each other's past because we've been madly in love since puberty."

"I wouldn't exactly say 'madly'..."

"Madly, I say!"

His stern expression dared me to disagree. I covered my bubble of laughter with a cough. "As you say, Gabriel."

"Say it."

"We've been madly in love since forever. We've ruined each other for anyone else. Permanently. We will wither away and turn into dust without the other."

Gabriel looked quite smug. "See? I knew you felt exactly the same way I do, Emma. Now what do to do about your naughtiness?"

"I'm not naughty!" Then in a smaller voice I whispered, "Am I?"

"You're usually good, but every now and then..." He walked his fingers up my arm and across my shoulder. "You get a wild hair. I don't help matters at all by not nipping it in the bud."

"So are you saying it's my fault or what?"

He shrugged. "I have to take full responsibility because while you don't know any better, I actually do. But I'm not quite sure what to do because I also quite like spoiling you, you see? Having you smile and laugh with me is the best feeling ever." A wicked glint appeared in his eyes. "Second to having you moan my name, of course."

And of course his words made me giddy and aroused, a complimentary combination indeed. "First, you say I'm naughty. Now you're saying I'm spoiled. Am I really?"

"Rotten, Emma. Simply rotten." Gabriel winked. "Again, it's my fault obviously. I like doing it so much. How can I really complain?"

While his statements were delivered in a lighthearted fashion, I couldn't help but feel a sting of criticism. I didn't want to be a brat sub. Gretchen used to complain long and loud over them. They manipulated scenes for attention. They were purposely willful and disobedient. They reflected poorly on their doms. According to her, they were the worst.

Surely Gabriel would feel the same?

"Yes, but why do it if it's going to make it harder for me to transition into your world? Eventually you'll use it against me because eventually I'll get on your nerves and then you'll see me as a brat sub."

Gabriel's brows arched in surprise. "You're too sweet, reasonable, and straight forward to be a bratty sub, Emma. I don't fear that from you at all."

"Yes, but it'd be easier-"

He quickly kissed me silent. "Ssh, ssh, Emma. Calm down, baby. You don't have to worry about it so much."

"But I do, Gabriel! I have to know what's expected of me. I have to know what I'm supposed to do-"

He kissed me again. His sensuous lips served as an effective gag. "You have to know what you're supposed to do so you can do it well. I realize that is important to you and it is to me-to a degree." His shook his head with a rueful grin. "The difference between us is that I know I don't need to solve all our problems right now." He leaned close and whispered, "Have mercy on your brain, Emma, before you blow a fuse."

I snorted and gazed upward. "Am I that obvious?"

"I can't help but see the smoke coming out of your ears, baby. I'm afraid your brilliant brain is going to turn into mush because of it."

My smile lasted a fleeting moment. Vulnerability still held me entirely too close.

"I'm sorry I'm making things so difficult for us. I want this, Gabriel, I do. It's just that this confuses me until I don't know which way is up. I don't know exactly what I'm supposed to do and I hate that."

I sounded petulant and whiny. My embarrassment couldn't get any worse.

"Ssh, sweet girl. You're doing just fine. Don't forget we're still learning our way around each other. You still love me, right?"

My body jellied, molding against his. "I love you so much, Gabriel. Do you still love me?"

"More than anything." He stroked my arm. His touch soothed me, calming me easier than words could have. We stayed that way for many minutes before he cheerfully said, "Now about that spanking..."

NINE

I stiffened, losing my pliancy with that half-formed sentence. Gabriel easily picked me up and carried me over to his couch. I summoned all my dignity and pointed out "I really don't think this is necessary."

"And I do. In fact, I know you need it more than ever. Trust me, Emma." He sat down and once more arranged me on his lap, this time facedown. I didn't fight him, but I tried one more time to convince Gabriel that he was mistaken.

"I know it probably doesn't seem like it, but I really didn't have a bad day. I just wanted to say hello. I've already interrupted your work and I'm sure your assistant will be back at any moment. So how about we do this another time? I imagine it's really not the right setting for it." I looked back at him over my shoulder. "I mean, not that I'd really know about it. What I'm saying is I can only imagine. I already said that, didn't I? Of course, I did...um, so...we can do this later, right?"

Gabriel listened to my nervous chatter with a bemused expression. "Since you're so concerned about Rick, let me put your mind at rest. Rick will not re-enter this room until I specifically give him leave to. So relax, Emma. It's just us."

Any veneer of submission burned off as jealousy surged. I placed my hand on his knee and pushed up. "Why won't he come in? Is he already used to your routine, Gabriel?" My words rolled off my tongue, scorching. "What am I asking for? Of course, he is. A woman comes in and it's obvious why she's there. I'm sure Embry made herself quite comfortable on this very couch."

Was it a low blow to bring up Embry? Absolutely. Was I being judgmental and unfair? Absolutely. Did I care? Absolutely not. I wanted to avoid the weakness of my thoughts and jealousy gave me a new target.

If I was jealous, then I wasn't scared. And if I wasn't scared then I appeared confident and in charge of myself.

It was an incredibly foolish stance to take.

"You've definitely lost your ice cream privilege." Gabriel's perfect mouth turned in a frown. He lowered his lids, effectively hiding his gaze from mine. "In case you haven't noticed, Emma, I'm running a fairly large business here. Do you think I'm the kind of man that has nothing better to do with his time than to have sex with women in his office?"

His question was not rhetorical. I didn't trust myself to answer it directly. Gabriel was so comfortable playing with me-who's to say he hadn't had quite a few women here before me, including his tragic ex?

I claimed to have pushed Gabriel's past aside, but it was painfully obvious it was still a sore spot with me.

And yes, I was being a jealous cow. And no, I still didn't think I was being reasonable. And yes, being angry felt good in comparison to being enlightened for too brief of a time, for feeling inept and stupid and...

And unsure about everything. Of fearing that I couldn't do this right. That I was bound to muck it up just like I'd already done in this room.

"Emma, I'm still waiting."

"Answer my question, Gabriel, and then I'll answer yours."

"You will answer mine now, Emma."

"I asked you first, Gabriel."

"And I asked you last, Emma."

Neither of us showed any signs of budging. Finally, I crossed my arms. I didn't come to fight. It wasn't his fault that I had a tendency to over-think things. Nor was it his fault that I hit the roof with little to no provocation.

"No, you don't."

"And?" Gabriel prompted with a trailing lilt.

"And I'm sorry for insinuating that you...had sex...with others here."

"And?"

"And nothing."

"Yes, something."

"And you better spank me now before I get into more trouble."

Gabriel tried to hold onto his thunderous frown. He failed. His pleasant expression made his next words even more menacing than they'd be otherwise. "I'm going to spank the piss out of you, Emma."

"I'd rather you didn't."

"Too bad."

"I'm sorry about what I said."

"You will be."

"I don't really think you use your office as a bedroom."

"You're damned right I am not the kind of man who sleeps with women in this office. I probably won't even sleep with you here until you become my official muse."

"I like where-"

"Yes, yes. You like where you work. It's rather repetitive, Emma." Gabriel pushed me down over his lap. "I originally was going to give you a spanking to help you feel better. Now I'm going to give you one because you deserve it."

It's because of what I said, what my spiteful words accused him of. Maybe I did deserve it. Gabriel apparently believed so.

"I'd say you deserve this, don't you?"

I closed my eyes and nodded. Gabriel instantly smacked me high on my right thigh. Hellfire burned.

"Answer with your words, Emma."

"Yes!" I wanted to reach behind me and rub. I kept my hands to myself only by the slimmest margin.

"You come to visit me and then act like a brat. What a disappointment."

"You just said you didn't think I could be a brat sub!"

Gabriel kept his silence. The lack of words told everything. His disappointment raced through me. I hung my head and lay limply across his lap.

"Are you ready, Emma?"

I kept my answer short and to the point. "Yes." I then braced myself for what was to come next.

Gabriel didn't say anything else. He didn't try to comfort me or prepare me for what to expect. He placed one hand on the small of my back. Gabriel spanked me, successfully hitting harder and harder after every few strikes.

I dug deep, concentrating on anything other than the pain radiating from my backside. I blocked out the rhythmic sounds, not letting it sway me from my thoughts. I recalled the upcoming tasks I needed to care of the next day. I ran through my grocery list. I thought of laundry. I remembered the chicken recipe I planned on making, carefully going through each item before going over it again.

Chicken br**sts. Tomato. Green pepper. Onion.

Gabriel's hand kept striking harder and harder. I bit my lip and then immediately swallowed a half-formed cry. Centering my entire focus on ignoring the burning sensations, I swallowed yet another cry, this time louder. Then another. And another one after that.

Lost in my conviction, I refused to let out a sound even as the blows rained down with fury. Worse, Gabriel's rhythm did not falter. He applied his punishing hand with the swiftness that hardly allowed me to draw breath.

Desperate, I added columns of simple figures in my head. I alternated them with spelling out words in my head.

Pulchritude. P. U. L. C. H. R. I. T. U. D. E. Pulchritude.

237 + 425...2...carry the one...6...6...662.

Fiendish. F. I. E. N. D. I. S. H. Fiendish. Ah!

1378 + 2789...7...carry the one...5 plus1...6...fuck! That hurt! 4...167.

Inamorato. I. N. A. M. Ah! O. R. A. Damnit! T. O. Inamorato.

I didn't know how much more could take. Just when I thought I'd have to retreat deeper behind my walls out of self-preservation, it all stopped.

I waited, expecting more but grateful that it had finally stopped. After another non-eventful minute, I gingerly turned over. Gabriel met my questioning gaze but said nothing in answer.

"That's it?"

"Yes, that's it."

This didn't seem right. Although my ass burned like fire, something felt wrong. "You're cutting it all a bit short, aren't you?"

Gabriel made a noncommittal sound low in his throat. He lifted me up before standing. "We're done here, Emma. You may leave if you wish. I will see you tonight if it's still amenable to you."

I was being dismissed. Politely dismissed, but dismissed nonetheless. "Wait! Why are you doing this?"

He tilted his head in question. "You won't let me take care of you. There's no point in going further."

"I don't understand."

"Your mind isn't in this. You went somewhere else instead of staying here with me."

"I don't...what do you mean?" How did Gabriel know? How did he always seem to know what was going on in my head?

"You're blocking out the pain. If you don't want to feel it, then you won't get what this is all about. So there's no point in continuing further."

His explanation made no sense and only served to anger me. "What is this all about, Gabriel? I'm doing what you want. I'm not fighting you. I'm not trying to stop you. My ass is blistered all to hell and I'm sure I'll be bruised for days!"

Gabriel remained polite, remote even. "You may be obeying me, Emma, but it's in body only. I want your mind with me as well. Otherwise, there's no point."

My mind spun his words about, trying to understand what Gabriel wanted of me. "Do you want me to suffer?"

"I understand that's why you might see it that way, but no. I'm not looking for your suffering, Emma. I'm looking for you to submit to the experience, to be fully present in what happens here. To face all your feelings and share them with me. That's what I'm looking for, my love. And that is not what you want."

Gabriel's solemn tone filled me with despair. I swallowed down my knot of guilt. As always he was perceptive. Perhaps too perceptive. "You're right, Gabriel. I did exactly what you say I did. I guest I was trying to prove how tough I was."

He nodded, gorgeous gaze impassive with a hint of compassion lighting up their sparkling depths. "And trying to avoid feeling pain."

I wouldn't deny it. "And I was trying to avoid feeling pain."

Gabriel cupped my cheek. The heat of his hand penetrated. Knowing why his palm was so hot sent an enigmatic flutter through me. "That's why you're lost, Emma. You're constantly trying to block pain out and when that doesn't work, you try to run away."

"Nobody likes pain, right? It's a normal reaction," I argued feebly.

"Maybe, but it doesn't mean it's a good one." Gabriel traced the outline of my lips. "I can't let you do that when you're with me, baby. Understand? You withdraw, everything stops. When we do this, then you have to be completely present. It's a non-negotiable rule, Emma, and I can't let you break it."

"Okay." I drew in a deep, shaky breath. "I'm never going to be able to do this, am I?"

"Of course, you are. You haven't slapped me or burst into tears because I've been so damn mean to you. That makes you a winner in my book, baby."

I took a step back. Already I missed his touch. "You haven't been mean to me, Gabriel. Anything but."

Gabriel dropped his arm. He watched me warily, seemingly expecting me to bolt. I couldn't blame him. Running was what I did well and often.

"I want to do it again."

"Perhaps another time-"

"No! Now." I modulated my tone and swallowed my desperation. I could barely look him in the eye, knowing I'd easily broken another rule. He was supposed to be in charge of this. Not me. Still I pushed in the hopes I could redeem myself. "I need to do it again. Please, Gabriel. Let me do it again."

"You don't control your punishment, Emma. I do."

"I understand." I didn't want to fail. Not again. I wanted to prove to Gabriel I was capable of doing this. I needed to show him. Although I wanted to argue my case, I wisely stopped talking. Instead, I stood in place and waited for my lover to decide if I could be trusted with another chance.

Just when I thought he would deny me, Gabriel granted me a short nod. "Very well. Sit down." I immediately sank back onto the couch in relief. Gabriel then went to his desk. A mechanical whir sounded. I looked over my shoulder to see curtain blinds come down over the expansive wall of windows. Music filled the air, soft enough to be soothing but loud enough to perhaps cover any incidental sounds we might make?

I wonder why he didn't do this from beginning. Unless he knew it would turn out this way?

Gabriel returned. He stood in front of me, quietly observing me with solemn regard. Although my nerves made me want to jump out of my skin, I sat still, gaze drifting towards my feet while waiting for his next move.

Did I make a mistake asking for this? I did. I know I did. Damnit! Mentally groaning, I wished I had never stepped foot in his office. I didn't have to stay. In fact, it was better if I didn't.

"Stand up," he finally directed, voice gentle as ever.

I surged to my feet, not sure if I was obeying or rebelling. He took his place on the sofa and then patted his thighs.

I demanded this so why was I hesitating now? The world moved a million miles a minute, too fast for me make it stop.

"Changing your mind again, Emma?"

"Of course not." Without further hesitation I laid myself over his lap. Gabriel gathered my wrists in one hand. I startled. "Gabriel?"

"Yes, my love?"

"Why are you holding onto me like that?"

"Because you'll struggle and fight. I don't want you to hurt yourself."

Okay, I got what I wanted. I got Gabriel to finish. Gretchen's hints of fun spankings drifted through my mind like smoke. Obviously, nothing about this could be mistaken for a fun spanking.

"Are you ready?"

Deep breath. "Yes." I stiffened before remembering to loosen my limbs. I wasn't supposed to fight it. I wanted to prove to us both that I could do this. And I could.

But nothing happened. I lay there across his lap while time simply ticked away. Self-conscious to the core, I assumed this was another one of Gabriel's games. He was determined to either outwait me or was testing me to see how long I'd lay there before saying something.

No way was I going to break.

Gabriel wanted me to be open to the experience, whatever that may be. I would do just as he asked. He waited in silence. So could I. Matching my breathing to the musical notes delicately layering the air, I narrowed my gaze on the fine stitching on his leather shoes.

Just when I reached number 57, Gabriel spoke.

"Who do you think just won our little game of chicken here, Emma? Was it you?"

Although his voice remained pleasant, I detected an edge of frustration. I had no interest in lying so I spoke honestly. "I'd say yes." His hand tightened on my wrists before letting go.

"Because it was a competition between us, a battle of wills to see who'd break first. Bravo."

"Thank you." I wanted to sit up and face Gabriel so I could better judge his mood. I must've tensed my body before he pressed down on the small of my back in subtle warning.

"I already told you I'm not going to punish you tonight, Emma."

Wisely swallowing my cries of protest, I waited for him to continue. Gabriel merely lifted me back onto my feet. I couldn't hide my sharp disappointment.

"We are not engaging in a battle of wills here, dear girl. I decide when or if things of this nature happen. I will not be coerced in any way, do you understand?"

Twin stripes flamed across my cheeks. "Then why did you agree to do it, Gabriel?"

"My reasons are my own." He modulated his tone, keeping it soft and neutral.

"I believe you at least owe me an explanation."

"Not in these matters, my love. My space, my rules."

"You keep saying rules, but I only end up finding out about them after the fact. That's hardly fair, Gabriel."

"No, it isn't. Then again, very little between us has been fair."

I blanched. I felt as if Gabriel had done it this way on purpose. He punished me, just not the way I expected.

"I see." I pinched the bridge of my nose. A headache brewed in the space between my rage and humiliation.

"I wonder if you really do."

"I see enough."

Gabriel shook his head and crossed one long leg over the other. "You always have to do things the hard way, Emma. I can't even begin to understand why you won't just accept the love I want to give you. It frustrates me, but that's not why you're standing and I'm sitting. Do you know why I won't spank you right now?"

In a voice steadily growing thick with tears, I answered, "Because I didn't do it right the first time."

Again I doubted my sanity for having purposely sought this out. Rejection thrummed in my veins.

"No, baby. Try again. You're close though. Just change a few words. Here's a hint-those that involve right."

"Because I didn't do what you said the first time."

"That's part of it."

I wracked my brain, trying to find out what else I could have possibly done wrong. I remembered how Gabriel called me a brat. This time tears prickled my lids. I thought to blink them away, but they were part of the experience and I was going to share everything because I said I would.

"I acted like a brat towards you."

"And what do you think is worse, Emma? Being disobedient or acting like a brat?" How he managed to keep his voice so soft in our emotional morass was beyond me.

Distress entered my tone. I ran my hand through my hair. "I don't know."

"Yes, you do."

I slashed the air with my hand. "I said I don't! What the fuck, Gabriel? I feel like I'm the only one trying here. I'm the one sacrificing everything, going against my entire belief system just so I can make you happy! I'm going out on a limb here and you're just leaving me to hang. I hate it and I wished I'd never agreed to any of this!"

I immediately wanted to slap my hands over my spiteful mouth.

"And finally we have some modicum of truth."

Shaking my head, I apologized. "Gabriel, I'm sorry. I really didn't mean it. Not all of it. I mean..." I blew out a long breath. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have lashed out like that."

He held his hand up. "Don't. Don't ever apologize for telling me your truth. I may not like it, but I never want you to lie to me about how you honestly feel. No matter what it is."

Gabriel's sincerity gutted me. I rubbed the back of my hand against my eyes. The more I rubbed the more I cried. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry."

He stood up and wrapped me in his arms. "It's okay, Emma. Ssh, my sweet girl."

The more he comforted me, the worse I felt. "I didn't mean for any of this to turn out like this. I just wanted to surprise you. I tried to be what you wanted...instead I..." My throat clogged with tears.

"It's okay, baby. Honestly it is." Gabriel tightened his arms and murmured, "You don't have to change yourself for me. I love you as you are. I always have."

"But-"

"No. Things between us don't have to move so quickly. They'll happen when it's the right time. I'm not in any rush, Emma. We can take all the time in the world. So please don't feel pressure."

I buried my face in his chest, taking as deep a breath as I could. Gabriel's scent soothed me even as I ratcheted up my sobs. Hadn't Gretchen warned me to be patient? Didn't she tell me not to try to control this, to let it happen on its own time schedule?

"I've let you down, haven't I?"

Gabriel cupped the back of my head and stroked his hand down my back. "No. If anything I've let you down."

A long sob shook my frame. I choked down the worst of my cries and managed to gasp, "You haven't, Gabriel."

"Then why are you crying, Emma? Tell me, baby."

"Because I'm sad."

"Why?"

"Because I want so much to get this right and I'm getting it wrong! I'm afraid I can't do this and I want to."

"Why?"

I thought the answer was obvious. "To make you happy."

"Look at me." Gabriel tilted my head back. "I appreciate your sacrifices, Emma, I do, but when it comes to this aspect of us I don't want you to do it for me. I want you to do it because you want to or not at all."

Curiosity drew me to want to experience Gabriel's world. Pride demanded I be the best of all his lovers. Fear poisoned me that I couldn't do it. But did I want to be at his feet, submissive to whatever pleased him, fully and completely for my own sake?

Oh God. I wasn't there yet. The knowledge weakened me further. How was I ever going to overcome this?

Gabriel must've read the defeat in my expression. "Come on, Emma. It'll be okay, baby. I promise." He positioned me back by the couch. "Now I want you to lay down for me. That's a good girl. Just take a little nap and I'll wake you when it's time to go home."

Tears dripped slowly down my cheeks. I sucked in a ragged sigh. I was too melancholy to be embarrassed.

"Wait here." Gabriel left my line of sight, coming back quickly with a pillow and blanket. "And before you get any more bad ideas about me, I use these for my naps."

I smiled weakly. "Is that how you stay so fresh and alert?"

"Absolutely. It's company policy, you know. We even have rooms specifically designed for breaks. They have cots, partitions, and alarms to prevent oversleeping."

I had to admit I was impressed once I realized Gabriel was being completely serious. "That's pretty generous of you."

"It's terrible that Corporate America does so little to make their employees content and feeling valued. It's the little things that go so far in recognizing them as human. Happier employees, lower turnovers equals better bottom line is what I preach to businessmen when asked. But between you and me-naps make everyone happier and that's just a good thing."

Gabriel carefully put the pillow beneath my head before covering me with the warm blanket. "Do you like to be tucked in?"

"No, not really."

"Okay, there you go. Are you comfortable?"

His kindness was simply unbearable. Honestly forced me to admit "The nicer you are to me, the worse I feel."

"I know. We simply must work on changing that, Emma. First things first though. You need to sleep. You'll feel much better. I promise. I won't leave you, baby. I'll stay right here with you until you fall asleep. Okay?"

I nodded and shifted until I found a comfortable position. I expected Gabriel to drift away to parts elsewhere. Instead, he took a tissue and dabbed my eyes and nose. Once done, Gabriel sat on the floor and held my hand.

Oh, to be so loved...

My breathing calmed. His palm still felt hot. I idly imagined I must've imprinted my heat into him. "I really am sorry," I mumbled sleepily. "I didn't mean to be such a brat."

"You weren't being a brat, Emma."

Color me surprised. My sticky lids fluttered open. "But then why did you call me a brat earlier?"

"I never thought you were being a brat. However, you thought you were being one. I wouldn't be able to change your mind so I used it."

I yawned and closed my eyes again. "Tricky man."

"Guilty."

"I have to watch my step around you."

"Oh, I surely hope not every step." Gabriel kissed a spot above my brow and said, "Now no more talking, Emma. Rest."

Just as I drifted off to sleep I heard Gabriel whisper, "I know how much you're giving up, my love. That's why I want to give you the world. Stay strong for me, Emma. Please."

I squeezed his hand once before everything went dark. Emotional exhaustion overtook me and sent me tumbling up the rabbit hole. Dreams didn't generally come to me so quickly, but today they did. I dreamed of babies and tigers and ice cream. And Gabriel. Always Gabriel.

Low murmurs soon penetrated my unconscious state, elevating me from dark delights and back into reality.

"We can't postpone this, Gabriel. We're going to have to leave tonight."

"I know." He sighed and then commanded, "I'm going to need Felix on this while we're in the air. Reroute all communication to the plane. We'll need all boots on the ground. Everyone is going to have to burn the midnight oil until this gets fixed."

"Done and done. Felix is already on route to meet us at the airport. All heads have been e-mailed. I've also already arranged for your customary suite at Hotel Konigshof."

"Good." A phone chimed. "Ah, I need to take this, Rick."

I pushed up on one arm and looked over my shoulder. Gabriel and Rick were both standing, the assistant arranging several documents into neat stacks while Gabriel spoke into his cell phone.

He saw me and quickly finished his call. "Emma, did we wake you?"

"Not really." Self-conscious, I smoothed my hair and clothes, trying my best to look like I hadn't been so asleep that I hadn't heard Rick come in. I wondered what he thought at seeing me sprawled on the company couch.

It probably wasn't my best impression.

Gabriel strode over. I found my feet by the time he reached me. Reaching out, he held both of my hands in his. "I'm so sorry to be doing this on short notice, my dearest love, but I have to leave for Munich tonight."

I smiled and squeezed his fingers. "It's okay. Work is work." I understood this so why did I still feel so sad?

Gabriel called out "Rick, I'll be back in ten minutes. I just need to walk Emma down to her car."

"Take your time. I've got things covered until then." His phone rang and he answered it with a clipped "Mitchell here." He listened for a moment and then said, "Hold on." Rick covered the mouth piece. "It was nice meeting you, Emma."

"It was very nice meeting you too, Rick. Have a good trip."

Rick waved and then returned to his call. Gabriel took my hand in his and led us out the door. "I was really looking forward to your food or pizza. Whichever. I just like eating with you and not being able to do that is making me a bit grouchy."

"I'll cook for you when you get back."

He perked up. "No take backsies?"

Laughing, I assured him with "No take backsies."

Gabriel kissed my hand. "Good. Now I can get on the plane in peace."

I couldn't help the longing that hit me. I was going to miss him terribly. I suddenly wished I really was his muse, free to go wherever he went.

Careful, Emma. That way lays madness.

I cleared my throat, forcing my thoughts to redirect from the impossible. "Is everything okay? Your business, I mean."

Gabriel flicked his wrist in a lofty wave. "It will be."

"That's good." Spying the bathroom down the hall, I turned to him and asked, "Do you mind waiting for me a quick bit? I have to freshen up."

"You look as beautiful and fresh as ever, but I'll wait."

We were as if the last hour hadn't happened. As if I hadn't cried like a little girl because he wouldn't spank me like one. Playful without bite. I wished I could be comforted by the facade.

"Okay, I'll be back in a minute." I ducked into the empty bathroom, hearing the click of my heels too acutely. I looked at myself in the mirror. The reflection staring back was a mess. Red-faced and red-eyed, I left little doubt that something had happened between Gabriel and me.

I could only hope Rick hadn't looked too closely when we made our farewells. Images of heartbroken girls from long ago rose to taunt me, but I shut them down. I made my choice and I wasn't going to back out, no matter how much I currently resembled everything I stood to hate.

I did the best I could to make myself presentable while wondering where Gabriel was going and how long he planned to be gone. Wetting a napkin, I pressed it against my cheeks and forehead. The cool water felt so good against my flushed skin. After a few more swipes, especially in the hollows under my eyes, I dug into my purse and pulled out my necessary tools. I quickly retouched my lipstick. Several strokes of a brush and my hair lay perfectly straight. I tugged my jacket and smoothed down my skirt before I was ready to be seen again.

This time the facade served me well. I looked like the person I'd known for so long-strong, in control, and unruffled.

Emerging from the bathroom, I saw Gabriel leaning on the opposite wall, hands in pockets and gorgeous half-smile fixed upon his face. "You're as lovely as a rose, baby."

"And you're such a gentleman for saying that."

"Me a gentleman? Hmm..."

Our hands found one another again. We walked down another hall, bypassing the reception area completely. Neither of us spoke. Probably because there wasn't enough time to get into what had happened right before I went to sleep.

I glanced at an empty row of cubicles, surprised to see they were indeed bigger than mine. At any other time I'd tease Gabriel about it, swearing he only recently changed them just to be right. Instead, I squeezed his hand tighter. He looked my way and smiled as if to say "I told you so."

Gabriel put his arm around my waist when we got into the elevator. I put mine around his. Emotional exhaustion bade me to lean on him more than usual. When the doors opened we made the trek to my car, still in silence and footsteps echoing eerily in the cavernous concrete space.

Stopping by the car door, I cleared my throat and said, "Well, thanks for walking me here."

"You're welcome." Gabriel's mouth parted as if he was about to say more, but then he apparently changed his mind.

So it wasn't my imagination. We obviously both felt very awkward. I cleared my throat again. "How long are you going to be gone?"

"Two days." Gabriel brushed my hair off my shoulder. Passion blazed to life, brightening his beautifully blue gaze. It was damned near painful to see yourself reflected in something so pure, so powerful-especially when you weren't sure how to hold onto it. "You know I'm going to miss you like crazy. I don't want to sleep in any bed that doesn't have you in it."

His words made me ridiculously happy, enough to push back the lingering sadness for a bit. I traced the outline of his tie. "You're going to be really busy. Probably too busy to notice I'm not there."

"Don't be modest, Emma. You know you've ruined me to exist without you."

Although said lightly, I felt the threat of truth in his words. "Good. You've done the same to me."

Gabriel stepped closer. His hands drifted to my hips. "I've got an idea. Why don't you come with me?"

"I can't get time off without more notice. Thank you for asking though. Any other way and I'd love to come with you."

"Well, you know if you left Med-Tech..." My fingertips pressed against his lips. Gabriel nipped them in protest. "Fine, fine. I won't say it."

"Thank you."

"Just know you're suffering by choice though."

I shook my head, rolling my eyes upwards. "You'd test a saint, Gabriel."

"Or a goddess."

"I'm not a goddess. I'm just me."

"Yes, but you're my goddess." Gabriel leaned down and kissed me. The soft pressure of his mouth against mine melted me in no time at all. My arms linked around his neck, fingers tangling at the hair at his nape. Everything made so much more sense when we were like this. Mouth to mouth. Skin to skin. Too quickly we broke apart, lips hovering less than an inch apart. "Emma?"

"Yes?"

"I know it's been a hard week for us. There's been very little fun and it's not supposed to be that way."

"You won't hear me arguing."

"I didn't want things to be like this for us. I wanted to court you properly. Everything has moved too quickly, too complicated. I'm sorry for that, Emma." He nuzzled the tip of my nose with his. "I'll make it up to you when I get back. Promise."

"It's okay, Gabriel. You don't have to make anything up to me."

"No, we're going to have a fun, drama-free day together. We'll go shopping, have lunch, go to a museum, have dinner, see a show, go out for drinks, and then bed. Where we'll then fall asleep after an hour or two of vigorous sex."

"All in one day?"

"Yep. It'll be loads of fun though, don't you think?"

I laughed, excited at the idea even if it never happened. "All right. Let's do that."

"It's a date. No backing out."

"It's a date."

He kissed me deeply, before resting his forehead on mine. "I love you, Emma."

"I love you too."

"No, I really love you."

I blinked quickly as tears flooded my eyes again. "Look what you've done. You've made me cry, you mean, mean man."

Gabriel wiped my cheek with the pad of his thumb. "I'll call you every chance I get. Don't forget about me while I'm gone."

"How could I forget about you? I'll be sore for days."

His gaze darkened. "I'll kiss your pretty bottom when I get back."

"Promise?"

"Promise."

I didn't want to let him go. Ever. "I better get going." Opening up the car door, I slid into the driver's seat. Already I missed the feel of him. Gabriel reached in and kept me from closing the door.

"Listen, Emma, I hate leaving things unfinished the way they are tonight."

"It's okay."

He sighed, beautiful gaze heavy with worry. "Are you going to be fine leaving things unfinished like this?"

"I'll be fine. Truly." I smiled widely.

So of course I wasn't.

"Wait."

"What is it?"

"Stand up please."

I did as he asked. Gabriel took my seat and tugged me onto his lap. I didn't fight him this time. I held him as tightly as he held me.

"Don't lie to me. I know you're not fine. I'm not fine either."

"Gabriel, I'm trying to be brave here."

"Don't. I really don't want to let you go, Emma. Not after this evening. You need me to hold you, to show you how much I love you and how I proud I am of all that you've done for me."

I thought to say "It's okay, really!" but the words couldn't pass my lips. Instead I admitted my truth. "I really don't want to let you go either, Gabriel."

He sighed. "If I were more ruthless, I'd take you and put you on my jet whether you liked it or not."

"I don't know if I'd fight you right now."

Gabriel dropped his head on my shoulder and groaned. "Don't tempt me!"

I wondered how liberating it would be to just toss everything aside and go where my heart led me. I could spend a bit of my youth as a pampered mistress, beholden to nothing but my lover and pleasure.

Quit your job and then you can't buy Mom a house. You've worked too hard and you're so close to making it happen for her. Besides, you worked your whole life to be here. You can't throw it away.

It was a nice fantasy but impossible to chase. I had too many responsibilities to entertain dropping everything and hopping on a plane with Gabriel.

"I don't want to push you out the door, but I think you're approaching your ten minute mark." My whisper made him groan.

"If you won't come with me then maybe I should just run away to your apartment. I'll let you support me in the manner in which you would like me to be accustomed."

"You'd be bored within a day."

"You're probably right." Gabriel shifted me until I faced him fully. "I want you to spend every night thinking about me."

"I will."

"Emma, I expect you to do something for me while I'm gone."

"Yes?"

"I want you to sleep in my apartment. I want to know that even if I'm not here, you're sleeping in my bed."

Excitement tingled. "Okay. I'll do that."

"I want you to feel free to watch all your non-chick flick, incredibly violent movies too."

Smiling, I assured him I'd do just that.

"I have something else, Emma."

"What is it?"

"You're not allowed to come. At all."

My smile disappeared and lust flooded my system. Stomach tightening and heartbeat speeding up, I promised breathlessly, "I won't."

"Good." He bared his teeth in a wolfish grin. "I want you to touch yourself in the morning, as soon as you get home from work, and before bed."

The interior of my car magnified his command. "But I thought you said you didn't want me to come."

"I don't. But I do want you to touch this hot little p**sy here," he pressed on my mound with the heel of his palm, "and think of me while you do. Only stop right before you come. Only a second before. Understand?"

Struck near-speechless, I nodded my head. "Yes, I do."

"Good girl. And baby? I'll know if you come." Gabriel carefully sank his teeth into the fleshy part of my bottom lip. The sharp sting heightened my awareness of him.

Hunger blazed to life. My n**ples tightened and heat pooled between my thighs. I shifted in his lap, feeling a dull ache in my backside. The opposing sensations mixed beautifully, sending another bolt of lust throughout my body. I settled my hands on his broad shoulders and opened my mouth in mute plea.

Please. Please. Please.

Gabriel inhaled sharply, staring at my lips as if he wanted to devour them whole. His tongue laved the sensitive spot where he bit me. My core ached with each slow pass. Whispering his name, I sought to deepen the contact, to take his delightful tongue into my mouth and kiss him until forever.

"I love you."

"I love you too." Gabriel abruptly stood up, neatly placing me back into the driver's seat. Dazed, I watched while Gabriel fastened my seatbelt before patting my leg. "Drive safely, my dearest love. Call me when you get home."

I felt drugged, hazy and unable to think clearly. "You did that on purpose."

His lips curled upwards. "I'm a glutton for punishment."

"I can feel that." My saucy remark concerning my sore ass caused him to smile briefly.

"Not yours, Emma. Mine." Gabriel closed the door, waiting for me to drive away. I started the car, going through the motions of checking mirrors and all the other things I did out of habit. Inside, my heart hammered. I didn't want to leave. I didn't want Gabriel to go to Munich without me. I didn't want to be left behind.

He lifted his hand in a wave which I returned. His solemn regard inspired mine to go the opposite. Pulling up beside him, I rolled down the window. "I love you, Gabriel."

"I love you too, Emma." He leaned in and brushed his lips over mine in a sweet kiss of farewell. "I'll see you in two days. I'll call you whenever I can before then. If anything happens, if you need me for anything, if you're feeling sad, lonely, whatever-call me. I don't care what time it is or what it's about. Call. Me. Understand, Emma?"

"I do. Bye." My smile remained wide and soft until I couldn't see Gabriel in my rearview mirror.

Tears spilled, tumbling down my cheeks and sliding over my picture grin. My hand fumbled for my cell. I found the number with a few quick swipes.

Please pick up. Please.

"Hello?"

"Gretchen..." My voice choked on a broken sob.

"Lovely, what's happened?"

"I f**ked up. Big time."

Silence and then "Come over."

TEN

"There's my girl!" Gabriel swept me off my feet, swinging me around and peppering my face with sweet kisses. "I missed you like crazy. Did you know that?"

So happy I could melt, I laughed and batted back with "You couldn't have missed me as much as I missed you."

"Impossible and I'm willing to prove it."

"Really? And how will you do that?"

"Easy. I said so." He carried me into my apartment and kicked the door closed. Gabriel strode past the living room and went straight into my bedroom.

"And that's all it takes?"

"That's all." He tossed me onto the bed. "How much did you miss me?"

"More than the world."

My body tingled with anticipation. I ran my gaze over his dark suit, loving how the crisp white shirt brought out the burnished gold in his hair while the silver tie brought out the pewter flecks in his gorgeous eyes. Gabriel made formal work wear look sinfully delicious.

"Did you just get off the plane, Gabriel?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"And you came straight here? I'm so lucky."

"Luck has nothing to do with it, my girl. Wait right here." Gabriel's playful grin promised good things if I obeyed.

Scooting back until I leaned against the headboard, I watched as he walked into my closet. Normally I would've asked, "What are you doing in there, Gabriel?" Instead, I felt relaxed. Patient even.

And much different than how I was two and a half days ago when Gabriel had to leave for Munich.

I had driven over to Gretchen's immediately after I left Gabriel in the parking garage. My drive was a blur of tears and racing thoughts, but thankfully I'd visited her place of business before so I didn't have to concentrate on finding it. Located in the warehouse district, her narrow brick building resembled just one of many that lined the street. Only the ornate red door hinted at the naughty and improper things taking place on the second floor.

Pulling up to the side street gate, I punched in the code Gretchen provided me with before driving through. Thankfully the covered deck was empty. I wondered at what I would've done if I met any of her early arriving clients-especially if I'd already been introduced to them at the benefit the week before.

I didn't doubt that Gabriel's security were already here somewhere out front. For all I knew, he'd already had Gretchen investigated and was aware of exactly what she did for a living.

I don't know if I'm ever going to get used to being followed.

Gretchen met me at the back door, dressed in a turtleneck, matching pair of black tailored pants, and ruby heels. She ushered me in with a wave of her manicured hand. "Let's go to my sitting area, Emma, and I'll fix you a drink."

No questions. No judgment. Just welcome.

Grateful for her kindness and support, I followed her through the elegant waiting area. The dark paneled walls held several paintings worth more than my combined salary for the past three years. Everything about us, from the Persian carpets beneath our feet to the lighted case featuring Peruvian antiques, oozed costly history and privilege.

Aware of the time, I knew I'd have at most an hour with Gretchen before her small cadre of employees was due to arrive for the night shift. I had to be quick. We passed through a stout door shipped from an Italian farmhouse and went up a spiral staircase, going past the second floor and up to the third. I glanced down as we went up and noted the six doorways below. Scenes took place inside each soundproofed suite. Gretchen had already given me a grand tour after she renovated and furnished the space last year.

Back then I'd admired the towering armoires filled with D/S apparatus, eyes bulging at the sight of certain restraints. The hanging bars and hooks filled me with curiosity, but more with how they worked than the why. Little did I know I'd be intimately involved in learning how to live out those scenes in real life.

That is if I ever get a chance.

When we reached the top floor, Gretchen led us down a short hall. With little fanfare, she opened the door to her inner sanctum. Done in colors of sage and ivory with bursts of crimson and gold, Gretchen's tranquil den invited quiet relaxation. Her footsteps whispered as she walked across the beautiful plush rugs. She turned on several lamps, instantly setting the mood for contemplation and conversation.

"Sit down, lovely. Rum and coke?"

"Yes, please." Gretchen's sharp memory made her a natural for this lifestyle. She never forgot your favorites-drink, food, interests. She also never forgot the things you detested the most. Even if only mentioned as a well-intentioned reminder.

I was going to court that side of her tonight, to test my resolve and maybe my judgment.

Gretchen pressed the glass into my hand along with a napkin. I'd already taken a sip by the time she sat across from me in a matching armchair. Patient as always, she waited for me to fall into confession. I felt the imbalance of power keenly.

"I'm sorry for calling you at the last minute again. I just didn't know who else to talk to about this. I sure as hell can't call my mom up and say 'Ma, what do you know about kink?'"

"You can always come to me, Emma. You know that."

"I do. Thank you."

"I'm your friend, but I also feel the need to tell you that the bond between a Dom and his Sub is sacrosanct. I won't interfere with that or try to sway you into doing anything that would damage that bond."

"Good." Her stance didn't deflate me. If anything, it made me feel all the more safe in speaking to her about Gabriel. I could trust she wouldn't trash him or me over what happened earlier in the evening.

"Also, I will urge you to come to your gentleman first in the future. You cannot keep secrets from him or hide what you really feel. I say this not so you can't confide in me, but so you understand that you must confide in him first."

"I understand."

Gretchen nodded her head once. "All right then. What happened tonight?"

I cupped the glass in both my hands. It was easier to stare at the liquid than raise my head and speak. And because it was so hard, that's exactly what I did. I met her gaze. "I love him too much. It's driving me crazy. I don't want to be without him. Ever. I can't concentrate. I think about things I never let myself before. I want to do everything to make him happy, but I can't seem to get it right."

She didn't say anything. This encouraged me to spill further.

"I f**ked up, Gretchen. I pushed when I shouldn't have. I won't go into the details, but he spanked me and then stopped. I tried to force him to finish but he wouldn't."

"Why did he stop?"

I flushed, feeling embarrassed over my behavior. "Because I withdrew the first time. He said I wasn't sharing the experience with him, so there was no point in going further."

She nodded and asked gently, "Is your gentleman upset with you?"

"No. He isn't." A knot released in my belly. It felt so good to know Gabriel wasn't angry with me at all. At least, not because of this.

"Are you upset from being spanked?"

I considered her question, searching through the chains of my emotions to follow the tangled end. "No, not about being spanked. I'm sore but okay. It didn't bother me as much as I thought it would."

"That's good to here. Why are you here with me and not with him right now?"

"He had to go to Munich."

"Ah. So what did he do after he disciplined you?"

"Nothing."

Gretchen's brows drew sharply into a frown before smoothing over. "Did he perform any aftercare?"

"What's that again?"

"Did he hold you and show affection or did he dismiss you after your discipline?"

"Oh. Aftercare. I remember now." I thought back my nap and how he held my hand. I also thought to the parking garage. "He showed me a lot of affection." I smiled, remembering our parting. "He wanted me to come with him to Munich."

"And you said no because you're so responsible."

"Of course! I worked incredibly hard to get this opportunity at Med-Tech. There's no way I'd repay them by leaving them in a lurch like that." Even as I let out my heated explanation I couldn't deny I wished, even for a fraction of a moment, I was less responsible and more spontaneous. And for me that was a deadly sin.

"It's a problem, Gretchen."

"What is?"

"I thought about going with him."

She smiled, eyes bright and merry. "You're in love. Everyone loses a bit of their common sense. It's natural."

"No, not for me it isn't! I've never let anyone get in the way of my goals. And now..."

"And now things are different because you've let yourself really fall in love with someone who's as complicated as you are. So what's the real problem, Emma?" She cocked her head to the side like an inquisitive cat. "You got spanked, adequate aftercare, and you're not angry over being punished. There must be more or you wouldn't be this upset. Or is it not anything specific, but rather a general sense of unhappiness?"

I took another sip, then another, before standing up. I traveled one end of the room to the other. My lips parted, tears stung my eyes, and my throat burned with words that had no form.

"It's like I said at lunch. I don't know what the hell I'm doing. I don't have a compass to point me in the right direction. I thought I could do this. I thought it would be enough to just give in. I thought wrong and now I don't know anything! And all I'm doing is going in circles. I can't break this down in my mind. It doesn't make sense and when things don't make sense...I become like this."

What I didn't say was "...when things don't make sense...I want to run." It's why I ran away the first time. I run so I don't hurt. Ironic, right? I was in a relationship that centered around hurt, that centered around the worship of pain and the dignity that came from suffering it.

And I wasn't worthy.

I loved Gabriel. I'd loved him in some way almost half my life. So why was I so scared? Why did I want to run far away, to put distance between us just so I wouldn't let him down? I pinched the bridge of my nose, trying to keep my headache from growing further.

"Emma, may I be frank with you?" Gretchen's manners always became ever-so-exquisite whenever she was about to detonate a bomb of information.

I froze in mid-step. Eyes wide and body stiff, I managed to mumble, "Yes, please. Whatever you need to say, I want to hear it. Just tell me straight."

She crossed her legs, managing to turn her little armchair into a mighty throne. How I envied her gift, especially since I felt so powerless!

"Initially, I thought you were just going through Sub Drop."

All these damn terms made me feel like I was back in school. I'd need an SandM dictionary at this rate. I racked my brain but came up blank. "Okay, Gretchen. You're going to have to explain this one to me too. I don't remember us talking about this at all."

"We didn't because it never came up." She propped her chin on her hand and started her impromptu lesson. "A ton of endorphins were released after your gentleman spanked you. It tested a new limit for you. Often the emotions that come out of that can leave you sad and fatigued. This can last for a few hours to a few days, depending on your specific body chemistry. That's why I asked you about your aftercare."

I considered Gretchen's explanation. If I could step out of my situation for a bit, I'm sure I'd find the psychology of it all fascinating. Unfortunately, I was too close to the situation to feel anything but aggression and melancholy. Because of that I wanted to grab onto any kind of explanation and, most importantly, a cure.

"Sub Drop. Could that be what is wrong with me lately?"

"If you're going through Sub Drop it's not helping, but I think there's more to your particular situation."

"Like what?"

"You."

I blinked. "Me?"

"Yes, you. You're complicating your life unnecessarily by trying to control the uncontrollable. Because of this, you're wound too tight. I don't wish to scare you, Emma, but you're making yourself miserable and eventually you'll make your gentleman miserable as well. Is that what you want?"

Ice spread from my fingers and trickled down my spine. "No."

"We talked about this at lunch last week, remember? You're either in all the way or you're not. And you're not playing by those rules. You're physically submitting, but not mentally. It's not enough."

I found my seat again, feeling stripped and exposed. "That's what he said."

"In many ways, that's worse than not even trying at all."

Although Gretchen said it gently, frustration sharpened my tone. "But I am trying! Doesn't that even count at all?"

Gretchen took my outburst in stride. "I don't know. You tell me. Are you happy right now? Was trying enough?"

Knocking back the rest of my drink, I clenched my eyes shut as the liquid burned a path down my throat straight to my belly. "I'm scared, Gretchen. I'm so scared and I don't even know why."

"Are you afraid of him?"

"No, I'm not." I paused, thinking about the ever-present fear that Gabriel would eventually leave. "At least, not about this stuff."

"Then what? Why else are you stuck like this? Emma, are you afraid to love him? I know you've closed yourself off all these years because of what you shared with him. Are you afraid of letting him fully inside?"

My answer didn't come as quickly. "I already told you. I love him too much."

Silence scattered then, "Do you want to know what I think? I think you're afraid to love him because you're afraid you're going to lose him again. You won't let yourself go because of that fear." The pronouncement came down like a killing blow, final and unavoidable. "Oh, Emma, that's no way to live..."

Gretchen's sympathy was almost too much to bear. There was nothing to deny because it was all too obviously true. I wanted to throw my glass against the wall. Violence danced darkly in my veins. "Why can't things just be normal?"

Her answers sliced deep, ruthless in its verbose simplicity. "You will never be normal, Emma. Regardless of whether you stay with this man or find yourself someone who is pure vanilla, you will never be normal. If you were normal you would've run away from all of this by now. If you were normal you would've never been my friend. If you were normal you would think I'm a whore. I, for one, am very glad you are not normal."

Oh, Gretchen...

Humbled, I looked her in the eye and whispered, "I'm such a bitch. No wonder I've made such a mess of all this. I'm too afraid to get close to the only man I've ever loved. I inadvertently insult the only real friend I've ever had. I should go before I say anything else that confirms my inexcusable bitchiness."

"Try to leave and I'll spank you myself." My shocked expression brought out a small bubble of laughter. She turned serious very quickly. "I won't try to convince you of why I think it's a wonderful idea for you to submit to your gentleman. I won't tell you that your need to control everything in your environment is unhealthy for you and always has been. I won't tell you that I've known you for almost seven years and have never seen you be this scared...and this happy."

"Okay, now that you're done not telling me those things," I quipped with a wry grin, trying to charm the seriousness out of her expression, "what are you going to tell me?"

"I'm telling you to stand still and stop running away again. What are you so afraid of, Emma? No bullshit this time."

My smiled died a quick death. I set my glass down on the small coffee table. Overwhelmed, I buried my head in my hands. The darkness made it safer to share. "I pretend to be strong all the time. Until he came along again, I thought I really was. It's easy to be strong when you don't let anyone get too close."

That's when I found the key.

I wasn't locked in a room by myself, scrambling for any way to get out. Gabriel was right there with me. He didn't know what to do either and in fact had told me as much over and over again. I couldn't understand it until now. The only difference between us was Gabriel was fully committed to me, despite his fear.

It would be so much easier for him to be with someone like Embry. Someone as magnetic as Gabriel Gordon never lacked for female attention. He could have practically anyone he wanted. Someone who would do anything he asked without issue. Perfectly. Easily.

Gabriel didn't want easy. He wanted me.

He trusted his heart. It was beyond time for me to trust mine.

After all, why did I love Gabriel? Why couldn't I forget him after all these years? Was I so shallow to love someone just because he was male perfection defined? Did I love him just because he loved me in return?

No.

I loved Gabriel because of his unwavering kindness. I loved him because he saw the value in not just me, but everyone around him. Gabriel's strength came not from money or power, but from having the strength to love who he wanted, regardless of the possibility of social stigma.

Gabriel's love, though unconventional, was just as pure as any I'd ever witnessed. He wasn't afraid to show his love for me and he didn't try to pretend it wasn't there. He loved exuberantly and the only fear he seemed to have was because of me.

I made him afraid because I was afraid to show him my love.

I did try to pretend my love for him wasn't as strong as it was.

I loved stingily because I was afraid he couldn't possible love me because I wasn't perfect.

Gabriel didn't have to be perfect for me. Neither did I.

"Emma? Where'd you go?"

"Home." I lifted my head, brilliant smile stretching my face wide. My mental manacles unlocked. All my worry, fear, and anxiety dropped to the ground. "Gretchen, you've saved me! You have no idea how much I appreciate everything you've done for me tonight."

"I didn't do anything but listen, Emma."

"Yes, but that's what I needed. I will repay you one day."

"You don't have to repay me, lovely." Her crimson lips lifted into a knowing grin, instantly making her look years younger and not nearly so sophisticated. "So you've finally figured things out concerning your gentleman?"

"Yes." I jumped up and hugged her. "I understand things about myself so much better now."

"Good." Gretchen patted my back slowly. I remembered her unease of being touched for long and instantly pulled away. My warm gaze thanked her in ways I couldn't show.

"You know what, Gretchen? I'm glad I'm not normal too."

"This is quite a 180." She looked at me sideways. "How much did you have to drink before coming here? I barely gave you enough to get you tipsy!"

I laughed out loud. "I don't need alcohol! I'm drunk on knowledge!"

Gretchen squeezed my fingertips. "So tell me, are you going to be seeing me soon to tell me how happy you are? I want to hear that so I don't worry!"

"I'll be back before you know it, telling you all about how in love I am, how blissful each day is...I'll be so sickeningly sweet you'll be this close to smacking me upside the head for it."

And I'd been in a state of ecstasy ever since.

The euphoria I had experienced at Gabriel's penthouse and briefly in his office was with me all the time. Nothing bothered me anymore because I trusted myself. I didn't let the threads in my mind form dizzying circles. I wasn't afraid of the future, nor did I get worked up when I thought of Gabriel and how I was going to fit in his life.

When traffic snarled, as it inevitably did, I didn't stew in my seat and worry that I was going to be late as I usually did. I trusted I would get to work at the right time. Work deadlines didn't have me furiously sprinting from task to task. I knew I'd never go over and miss them.

Everything would fall into place.

Gabriel came out of my closet with several dresses over his arm. "Emma, where's your suitcase?"

"In the closet by the front door."

He arched a brow. "Usually you answer my question with a question."

"No. Not this time." I crossed my arms behind my head, relaxed like a woman at complete ease in her surroundings. "You'll tell me what I need to know when it's time."

Gabriel came closer. He carefully placed my clothes at the foot of the bed before approaching me. With one hand on my chin, Gabriel turned my head this way and that. "Who are you and what have you done with my Emma?"

I batted his hand. "What? Would you prefer me to argue over every little thing?" I asked with an impish grin. "Because I can do that for you."

He tapped my nose once. In a voice dripping with haughty condensation, Gabriel sniffed, "That's quite all right, my dear girl. I will inform you immediately if that changes."

I stuck my tongue out.

Gabriel suddenly lunged forward and stuck his in my mouth, dominating me with every aggressively sweet stroke. My heartbeat sped up, ecstatic to finally have him with me. This was right. This was worth it.

Gabriel was more than worth the pain, doubt, and fear I had suffered since knowing him again.

I slid my hand under his shirt. The feeling of his taut muscles under my questing fingers urged me to press my body against his. I wanted to rip his clothes off. Apparently, Gabriel had the same idea-except for me.

My T-shirt and jeans immediately found a place on the floor. My lover easily turned me over onto my stomach. His hand skimmed across my underwear. I closed my eyes, fallen into bliss. All I wanted was Gabriel's touch. Arching into his hand, I purred with exquisite pleasure.

"You didn't bruise. I'm not sure if that pleases me or not."

"Why?"

His lips kissed a sensitive spot above my hip. I shifted in growing excitement. "Because I wanted you to wear them as a reminder of me."

The dark words thrilled. "If it makes you feel better, I'm still sore. I have to be careful not to sit down too hard."

Gabriel tasted me before sinking his teeth into my flesh. "That makes me feel only a little better. Emma?"

"Yes?" I gasped, caught in the brilliant sting. I wanted him to do it again.

He kissed his way up my back and moved my hair off my shoulder. Gabriel's lips branded me as his. "Do you remember what I promised to do when I got back?" he whispered against my ear.

"I do, but I need a little reminder." A slow smile eased across my face, impish and deliberately innocent.

"Oh, you do?" Gabriel licked my earlobe. I couldn't control the pleasure shudders running through my body. It'd been two days too long. Gabriel eased my panties down until they too ended up on the floor. I looked over my shoulder and watched as Gabriel kissed my nak*d bottom. "Is this a good reminder?" he asked in a throaty growl while concentrating on my rounded hip.

I stretched languorously and arched, playing coy. "I'm starting to remember."

He laughed softly. "Just starting? That's not good enough, baby." Gripping my hips, he brushed his lips across the sensitive crease high on my thigh. I sighed raggedly and moaned his name. "We're getting a little better, aren't we?"

Incapable of speech, I nodded only to jerk when he nipped me in punishment. I briefly thought of reminding him we were in my space, but I couldn't even begin to care enough when he did it again. "Emma..."

"We're getting better!"

Gabriel kissed the tender spots as reward. "Good girl."

I melted. I'd never tire of hearing I was Gabriel Gordon's good girl. Gold star to the end, I craved his approval and would now do just about anything to get it.

"I know my good girl needs what I promised her."

Just like that, Gabriel licked and sucked every inch of me. Lost in a rising tide of sensation, I fisted the comforter. I couldn't seem to control my body's movements as I writhed beneath him, each glide of his tongue making me more crazed.

Soon I felt his fingers slide between my thighs. I instantly spread my legs, mutely inviting him to touch me further. Two of Gabriel's fingers slid home true. We both moaned at the sensation.

"Emma? Did you do as I asked?"

A wanton flush crept over me. I resisted the urge to let my hand travel down between my thighs as well. "Yes, Gabriel."

"And what happened? Did you come?"

My eyes fluttered shut. I remembered the tide that wrapped me tight as I lied nak*d in Gabriel's bed, fingers working with delicate frenzy as I imagined him watching me.

"No, I didn't."

"Not even once?"

I shook my head and whispered, "No."

"Why?"

"Because you told me not to."

He let out a deep, throaty chuckle. "And you always do everything you're told to do?"

"Not always."

Gabriel leaned forward and whispered in my ear. "Now I don't believe that one bit. You're such a good girl, Emma. Never able to let down or disappoint those that you love. Isn't that right?"

I flushed with heat. "You're wrong. I disappoint people I love all the time." I turned on my side and reached out for him. Running the backs of my fingers along his jaw, I looked into his exquisite eyes and said, "I'm sorry for always running away from you, Gabriel. I was so scared for so long, but I'm not anymore."

Gabriel's smile melted me. It was the sun come to life, completely dissolving all my suffering, all my mistakes. I didn't want to ever spend one more day, one more second, running away from how I felt about him.

"I love you, Gabriel. I love you more than you can ever know."

He held my gaze while tears filled his. Unashamed. Beautiful.

"You make me so happy, Emma."

Seeing the tears rolling down his face, I hugged him to me and swore my undying love. "I'll never leave you again, Gabriel."

"Promise?"

"Promise." This time it was me kissing away his tears, holding him and stroking his hair while he rested his head on my breast. To think I walked away from Gabriel once before, to know I was heading towards doing it again because I couldn't handle my own feelings when it came to him filled me with emptiness.

Gabriel kissed the space over my heart. His warm lips branded me as his. He then looked up at me and said, "Emma, I want to be inside of you."

My heart flipped. "I want that too."

No other words were needed as I helped him strip off his clothes and he took the rest of mine off as well. Our bodies fit perfectly, limbs sliding across one another with the familiarity of decades-old lovers. We kissed ravenously, nails scoring marks over scalp and shoulder. His teeth sank sweetly into my neck. I sobbed his name, breathlessly encouraging him to do it again.

My bedside drawer soon opened. I helped sheathe him, hand barely closing around his delicious girth before I laid back and invited Gabriel inside. With a slow steady slide, he filled me to full. I could barely remember my name but I never forgot to cry out his.

We made love thoroughly, completely. It was beautiful, sensual, and all the more moving because I truly felt connected to Gabriel in a way I'd never consciously allowed myself to become.

I can see forever with you. I know I'll love you until my last day.

He pulled my leg up over his shoulder, exposing me to him completely. Gabriel's fingers found my center and stroked it gently. I wasn't going to last long at all. Breathless, I arched up and sobbed into his mouth.

"I want to come, Gabriel. Please, please let me come."

His fingers weaved through my hair. He tugged sharp. Heat flared deep within my belly. I purred, finding the pain only enhanced my pleasure, and snapped my h*ps upwards when Gabriel did it again. His full lips curved. "Come, baby. Come for me...you've more than earned it."

So I did. I clung to him as he drove deeper and harder into me. I dissolved, awash in ecstasy. Gabriel's hands slid down and closed over my hips. He sighed his love for me with each thrust. We couldn't stop kissing, sighing vulgar phrases as easily as we sighed "I love you."

My legs closed high up on his back. I couldn't get enough of Gabriel. Nothing that felt this good could ever be wrong. Lost in emotion, we became feral lovers-biting, licking, and tasting each other with abandon.

Without shame.

When the emotions became too intense we slowed down. Sprawled across his wide chest, I cupped his cheek and kissed him softly, sweetly. He played with my hair, twirling it around his fingers as I stroked his jaw.

"You're my heart, baby. Do you know that?"

I pressed my lips against his for a long, lingering kiss. "You're mine too."

"How did I get so lucky, Emma?"

"Lucky? It wasn't luck, Mr. Gordon."

Gabriel smiled and moved my hair away from my face. "Not luck. Then what was it, Ms. Adams?"

"Destiny. Fate." I swirled my hips, eliciting a deep groan from my love. "Raw sex appeal."

He snapped his h*ps up hard. This time I groaned.

"Emma, I like your answers much better than mine. Can I show you how much I like them?"

"Absolutely."

Gabriel's fingers dug into my h*ps as we strained against each other once again. He rolled me onto my back, crouching over me as he delicately licked the curve of my br**sts and then my n**ples. The tease was divine. The capture was heavenly.

I clutched Gabriel to me. My hands curled in his golden mane. Passion possessed us. He slid back home and our kisses turned violent. There were no words, only sensation.

When the moment came for Gabriel he clutched me to him. I swallowed his moans and felt like the sun-full of light, fire, and life.

Afterwards, Gabriel got up and went into the bathroom. He came back with a warm washcloth and cleaned me tenderly. I felt perfectly content, safe. I closed my eyes, opening them only when Gabriel slid back into the bed with me.

He hugged me and whispered, "You're relaxed...not so wound tight."

I sighed in contentment, perversely amused that both Gabriel and Gretchen had held the same opinion of me. "What can I say? You're very good for me."

"Mmm." Gabriel caressed my shoulder. "There's more to it. Tell me."

"There's not much to tell."

"But there is something." He slung his long leg over my mine. "Spill it, Adams."

I reached down and stroked my hand over his thigh, enjoying the feel of the lean muscles beneath my palm. "You're quite the bossy one, Gordon."

"Are you just realizing that now?"

Laughter bubbled out of me. I turned my head and kissed his cheek. "I've always known it so I only have myself to blame for falling for your charms."

"Well, I am quite charming. It's not your fault, Emma. Truly."

God, I loved this and him! Playing with Gabriel, being able to relax, to not have to be so serious...it was heaven.

"I went a little insane this past week or so."

"I hadn't noticed."

"Now you're just being nice."

Gabriel reached for my chin. Lifting it, he swooped down and took my breath away. His tongue sensuously slid across my lips before thrusting deep inside. I felt possessed, consumed. Adored.

Just when I was ready to pounce on him, Gabriel pulled back with a lupine smirk. "That's me being nice. Now reward me, Emma, and tell me a story."

I licked my tender lips, relishing the hint of his taste. I brushed the back of my fingers against his model-perfect cheekbone. "What kind?"

"What happened while I was in Munich? You barely called me, you know."

"I knew you were busy. Besides, you called me at least ten times a day."

"Yes, but I had to make sure you were okay." A frown creased the space between his brows for a scant second. "I really didn't want to leave you."

I decided to share what I'd learned with Gretchen. "Where you worried about me going into Sub Drop?"

The frown returned and remained. "What do you know about that? Emma, all kidding aside-what aren't you telling me? How do you know about Sub Drop?"

"I'll tell you but first..." I shifted until I could reach him better. "I know you're scared, Gabriel. I was too. But it's going to be okay." Cupping his face, I leaned forward and kissed the space between his brows where the frown was its sharpest. "It's going to be okay. I promise."

Gabriel whispered my name. His hand covered one of mine. Searching my gaze, he asked, "What happened to you? You don't even look the same."

"I'm free now, Gabriel, because I put away the knives. That simple and that hard. All at once." I climbed onto his lap, sliding my arms around his neck and resting my head against his chest. "Do you remember how I told you my college roommate is a Domme?"

"Gretchen Smith."

Although he kept his tone neutral, I could tell Gabriel expected me to at the very least point out how he shouldn't know that because I hadn't told him yet.

I was past that now so I simply nodded my head. He was who he was-security detail and all. "Yes, Gretchen. I saw her at lunch last week."

"And that's when you learned about Sub Drop?"

"No. That came later."

"The night I left for Munich?"

"Yes."

"Emma." Gabriel waited until I looked up at him. "It was damned near impossible for me to leave because I was afraid you might go through it. Only the fact that thousands of families depended on me resolving Munich made me leave you. My stomach was in knots though."

"I'm sorry I made you worry."

Gabriel pecked me. A devilish light brightened his gaze. "You know if you're really sorry you could become my official muse and then I wouldn't have to ever leave you."

I dropped my head back in mock-exasperation. "You never quit!"

"No, I don't." Gabriel took advantage of my position to smother my neck in kisses.

"I may never work for you, but I'm glad you don't quit. You'd probably have been done with me now if you did."

"Impossible. I'll never be done with you, Emma. You're it for me."

I grinned like a happy fool. "I'll hold you to that."

"Back at ya, baby."

I traced circles on his shoulder. "Did you get Munich resolved?"

"Yes."

"I'm glad to hear it. I know when it comes to your work that it's not just about the money for you. I know you carry the weight of every employee's livelihood on your shoulders and you take that responsibility seriously."

"And here I assumed you thought me a lazy playboy..."

Gabriel's use of humor proved I'd gotten too close to his innermost feelings. I didn't push. "You say you're lazy but I know better. I just want to make it clear that I won't ever purposely stand in the way of your business. I respect what you do entirely too much to be that demanding bitch of a girlfriend."

"Once again my goddess humbles me with her mercy." Gabriel kissed my hand and squeezed me to him. "Now tell me the rest of the deets on your lunch."

"There's not much to tell. I'll probably bore you."

"Impossible! Now tell me before I tickle you into submission. Deets!"

I obliged him with a brief recap of my lunch with her, including what we ate, before diving into the meat of the meeting. "Gretchen advised me to be patient and wait for you to let me into your world."

"She sounds like a most reasonable woman."

"Because she is. And because I'm not-I didn't listen. I thought I understood enough of your dynamics to do things my way. I was wrong."

Gabriel shook his head. "You haven't done anything wrong, sweet girl."

"Don't make excuses for me, Gabriel. I'm as arrogant as you are bossy. I thought I could do this with you and not have to open myself up."

"This? You mean my need to dominate you?"

"That too, but I meant more just having a relationship. I thought I could have one with you, but not really open myself past the point of comfort."

Gabriel nodded once. "You thought you could have a normal relationship with me."

"I thought I could be normal."

"And now?"

"Now I know that what we have isn't normal and that it isn't bad." I kissed his neck. "I can be whoever I am with you because I know you'll accept me."

"I will. There's nothing you can do that I'll ever judge you for."

"Me too. I want you to be yourself with me, Gabriel. Completely." I linked my fingers with his. Raising his hand up, I kissed his knuckles reverently. "I don't know everything there is to know about being your Submissive, but I want you to know I trust you."

"Do you mean it? Truly?"

"Yes."

Gabriel lifted me on his lap. Nestled in his strong arms, I heard him confess, "It's hell, Emma, to not be able to be yourself with someone."

Sadness welled up inside. I ran my fingers through his hair, pushing it back. "You've never showed yourself to the others?" I didn't like thinking about his closeness with those that had gone before me, but I liked thinking about Gabriel being lonely even less.

"Never. At least, not much and not on purpose."

"Why?"

"Because I didn't want anyone to know even though I felt..."

After the silence stretched on for several moments, I helpfully asked, "Lonely?"

"A little. More tired than anything."

"Tired? How so?"

"It's exhausting to play the role of billionaire-extraordinaire. Simply exhausting. And my partners expected it." Working himself into a fine lather, Gabriel's words flowed out of him fast and aggrieved. "As if my whole day revolved around being brooding and intense. Like I made my money just by sitting in a shadowed room, watching my female prey, with a cigar and drink in hand. It's f**king ridiculous! And I played up to it because if you want to cross the bridge, you gotta pay the toll."

"You paid pretty well."

He shrugged. "I suppose I did. It was a stupid game-same lines, different girls, same result." A crooked smile appeared for a split-second before disappearing. "I paid them well because it was the least I could do."

I didn't understand and said so.

"I learned early on that I had an unnatural ability to make women cry. Over me or because of me. No one could ever be happy with me. It just wasn't possible. There was something rotten at the core of who I was to be this way."

"I don't believe that. I'm happy with you."

His gaze took on a faraway cast. "I know. I just don't know why."

The melancholy was too much for me. I ran my hand over his arm in long, smooth strokes. "Because you're different from anyone I've ever met. I feel like you really see me."

"I do, Emma. I see so much in you."

I kissed his shoulder gently. "And I've had my part in any crying I've done over you. I'm sure the same thing is true with them."

"Only you would be so kind as to say such to me. You're a goddess, Emma."

"I'm not a goddess, Gabriel. I'm just a girl who's crazy in love with you."

He shook his head and looked up at the ceiling. "Why? It's not like I'm a brooding hero in some gothic novel. I don't carry some deep, dark wound to be healed, something that makes it worth suffering for me."

"Actually, Gabriel, you do." I traced my fingertips along his shoulder blade, admiring the beauty of his muscled chest. "We've all been able to sense it there and we've all wanted to be the one to heal it. That's why we keep coming back."

He sighed as if the weight of the world crashed onto him. "I'm a silly fellow, really I am. I just like to play rough, be bossy at times...nothing too complicated."

"And yet you're in so much pain that you can't truly hide it from us. My gender is especially sensitive to wanting to heal beautiful boys tormented with pain, you know?"

"Stop! You're embarrassing me!" he groaned while hiding his face. "I'm not that cool, Emma."

I laughed softly and the sexy spot between arm and shoulder. "I know you're not. You're better than cool."

"Yeah? And what would that be?"

"You being you. Just Gabriel."

He turned onto his side, arranging me to mirror his position. His pure blue eyes glittered beautifully in shadow. "You know something?"

"What?" My whisper matched his.

"You're the only woman I've ever been able to be myself with."

"Really?"

"Yes, really. You've seen me at my worst and I hope to one day be my best and have you see it too."

"Oh my God, Gabriel!" I cried while pushing at his arm. "This is why you're the coolest guy in the world."

"What? I'm just speaking from my heart!"

I attacked his ribs. "Don't act like you didn't know those words weren't going to melt my heart. You knew it!"

"No way!" he snorted. His hands easily found my tickle spots, leaving me to howl in laughter. We wrestled on the bed, eventually sliding down onto the floor to lie in a sweaty, giggling heap. Once we caught our breath, Gabriel rolled over me, laughter gone as if it never was.

"Sweet Emma, I wish this moment would never end."

My gaze found his. Worry stormed throughout his striking orbs. Before I could say anything, Gabriel said solemnly, "I always pay for it, one way or another. That's why you scare me, Emma." He carefully pushed my hair away from my face. "I haven't paid for it yet and that terrifies me."

"You won't have to pay, Gabriel," I assured him with a beaming smile.

"Won't I?"

"No. You never have to pay for love."

"Oh, Emma..." Gabriel's expression was impossible to decipher. "It's so beautiful that you think this way."

ELEVEN

Gabriel didn't give me time to question his melancholic statement. Instead, he scooped me up and had me stand while he made the bed with hurried movements. I didn't question his rush, sensing it had more to do with the sadness driving his mood rather than the real need to hurry.

He picked my clothes out, a pair of black slacks and a red cashmere sweater, and I let him because it seemed to make him happy. I remembered how Gabriel told me how I didn't allow him to take care of me. He had been right.

Fascinated by the intimacy of this new act, I watched as he slid open my dresser drawer and selected a pair of pink panties and a black bra. Naughty and nice. I liked it.

I stood there like a living doll while he dressed me in two minutes flat. When I would've taken a brush to my hair, Gabriel firmly took it out of my hand. The long strokes soothed me. Watching him in the bathroom mirror, I saw the intense pleasure on his face.

I felt adored. Cared for. Love.

Suddenly sleepy, I swayed as he arranged my hair with a simple part. I could get used to this pampering. Gabriel noted my reaction. A lovely smile appeared. He kissed the top of my head and murmured, "There'll be time for sleep later, my dearest love."

He guided me back into the bedroom and had me sit down on my armchair. A quick trip to my closet before he reemerged with ballet flats. I arched my feet, glad to not have to suffer heels on the weekend. Gabriel knelt at my feet and took one foot in his hand. I was reminded of our first day when he had played Fairy Godmother to my Cinderella. It felt like a lifetime ago. The memories wrapped me in the haze of nostalgia. My fingers ran through his hair in affection.

He looked up. "Penny for your thoughts?"

"I'm thinking about the first pair of shoes you put on my feet."

"Ah. I hope to put on thousands pairs before it's all said and done."

"Thousands? Where will I store them all?"

My playful tone coaxed another smile. "I'll build you an entire wing, my love."

"You're going to spoil me," I warned.

"That's the idea, Emma." He kissed my knee and I shivered with violent longing.

Once he slipped my flats on, Gabriel slung his arm around my waist and directed me to sit down in the living room while he finished getting ready. I'd barely settled in with a book before he came back fully dressed and not a hair out of place. He lifted my small suitcase and guided me out the door with a hand at my back. While I fished in my purse for keys, Gabriel already had his out. He locked the door and we were off.

Although he was as kind as ever, Gabriel drove us to his penthouse quiet and pensive. A few days ago I would've pushed and prodded, feeling that I just had to know what was laying in wait behind those brilliantly blue orbs. I still felt the urge burn like a hot coal in my mind. I didn't like Gabriel's unhappiness nor did I like the inevitability of his thoughts.

However, I would give him the space he graciously had given me. It was the least I could do for my darling Gabriel.

I reached for his hand. He squeezed mine once and we spent the entire trip hand in hand, silent but connected. We arrived at his new building rather quickly, traffic thankfully deciding to remain smooth and incident-free. Hand still held securely in his, I made another ride up another elevator and wondered where my life was bound to go next.

When we entered the foyer I realized I'd already started on a new journey.

Gabriel showed me the small platform and watched silently as I circled it in curiosity. I looked across the space between and asked, "What's this for? Did you buy a statue recently?"

A mischievous expression danced across his handsome face. "No, not quite. I did acquire something marvelous though."

Cocking my head, I asked innocently, "What?"

Gabriel moved closer. His hand caressed my back. "You, sweetest Emma."

I felt tightness in my chest. Fear edged closer, neatly puncturing my bubble of confidence. Was I just his newest possession, something to be acquired and then forgotten? Studying the most beautiful man in my world, I needed to ask.

"How do you see me?"

It was the perfect question for the perfect scenario. Gabriel came to me, kissed me gently and then took me by the hand. He led me to his bedroom and produced the filmy Grecian style gown as if by magic.

"I saw this Munich and simply had to have it for my goddess." Gabriel carefully placed the gown at the foot of his brand-new bed. He held both of my hands in his and raised them to his lips. "Can you do something for me, Emma?"

Confidence rebounded, burying the unwanted fear long enough to answer immediately. "Anything."

"Let me show you exactly how I see you."

"All right."

Gabriel undressed me slowly, carefully. Each possessive stroke of his hand claimed me has his. Each kiss on my exposed skin promised me eternity. Staring ahead at the window, seeing the sky and sun, I felt my veins course with elation. I would not be forgotten.

My love nuzzled my belly, kissing the soft skin on my h*ps and thighs with reverence. He stripped me nak*d, circling me with hunger and something akin to worship. I didn't have to wonder if my expression mirrored Gabriel's.

He retrieved my gown and bade me to hold my arms up. Obedient, I waited as he slowly slid the gossamer creation over my body. When I was about to speak, Gabriel placed one finger across my lips. He waited until I nodded my head in agreement.

Another trial of trust. No questions.

He led me out of the room, down the expansive hallway, and back into the foyer. No words passed between us when he stopped before the pedestal. Gabriel simply held my hand and waited for me to infer what he wanted me to do.

I didn't have to ask. I already knew.

I put my foot onto the smooth surface, fully prepared to climb up without assistance. Gabriel put pressure onto my thigh, a subtle command to stop. He then placed his hands onto my waist and lifted me up.

Now perched on my pedestal, blindfolded and wrapped in yards of ribbon, I thought the question again-where was my life with Gabriel going to lead next?

And how will we get there?

I didn't know but I was ready. I shed any lingering traces of doubt like an old skin and prepared for the next stage in my life. I didn't know all the answers and was bound to stumble, but that didn't matter. What mattered was that I had finally listened to my heart.

I loved Gabriel Gordon and always had. Nothing could change that and nothing could keep me away from him.

I felt my expression lighten with joy. I couldn't wait for what came next! I didn't fear my future with Gabriel anymore and I didn't see any other obstacles to stand between us and our unconventional romance. We were in love and together. What more could I ask for?

My lips curved into a slow smile. Gabriel swore he would never let me go. I finally felt the same. And because of that we were fully free.

"How are you feeling, Emma?"

"Wonderful. Better than good. Divine."

"And that's what I was waiting to hear all day. Thank you, my dearest love." His hand squeezed my ankle. "I promised you a date, didn't I?"

"I remember something about a date," I answered coyly. "I also remember saying I was going to cook for you when you got back."

"That is something I haven't forgotten. Would you mind saving that for me next week though?"

"Okay." I had to admit that I was a little disappointed. I loved how much Gabriel loved me doing the domestic goddess thing for him.

"Don't pout, my love. Not when I want to keep my word to you. I say we have enough time to squeeze a date in this weekend, don't you think?"

"Aren't we on one?"

Gabriel snorted. "Hardly! I promised you a date where we'd go shopping, have lunch, go to a museum, have dinner-"

"See a show, go out for drinks, and then bed. Where we'll then fall asleep after an hour or two of vigorous sex."

The laughter was heavy in his voice. "Your memory is a force of nature, Emma! Remind me to watch my words and never promise more than I can give."

"Of course, Mr. Gordon," I assured him sweetly.

"Thank you very much, Ms. Adams."

I enjoyed our bantering, especially when we were like this. I wished I could see his face or at the very least, lean down and kiss him. "It's still early. We can drive uptown and start our shopping."

"No can do, baby."

"Do you want to do something else instead?"

"I can take you out around town any time. I promised you a proper date and a proper date is what you're going to get."

"Meaning?"

"Your bag is in the trunk for a reason, Emma."

I'd completely forgotten about it. "I thought that was an overnight bag for me to stay here with you."

"Nope. Our flight leaves...well, whenever I want it to. Are you ready to be set free, Emma?"

"No, not really. Can't I stay like this?" I answered truthfully. I wasn't quite ready to leave my pedestal and I also wasn't ready to share Gabriel with the rest of the world.

"Well, my dear girl, I have influence and pull, but I doubt I can carry you through the airport bound like this without getting arrested."

I imagined the smirk on his face. "Oh, that's too bad."

"Indeed. We should be able to completely disregard the rules of society, but we do what we must to blend, don't we?" Gabriel's strong hands lifted me up and over his shoulder. "Just a little longer, Emma..."

I'd gone from goddess to trophy of war. While I loved being adored from afar, this I liked even better. I wondered if I could interest him in incorporating this position in a future game. I hoped so.

I rested my head on his back while he carried me down what I imagined was the center hallway. Gabriel soon set me down. My toes sank into a luxuriously-soft carpet, verifying that we were indeed back in the master suite. I stood patiently while he went through the painstaking task of undoing my ribbon bindings.

When the last bit fell away, I felt a sudden, ominous warning. Unconsciously I moved closer to Gabriel. He instantly took me in his arms and calmed with sweet murmurs. I shook off my apprehension and hugged him tight.

"What is it, Emma?"

"Nothing, Gabriel. I just got a little superstitious. That's all."

He was silent for a moment and then he said, "Remember what I said, Emma? I won't lose you again. Not for the world. You're safe with me."

"I know, Gabriel." I knew it so why did I get so scared again? I calmed myself with It's just going to take time for you to not have to have control over every little thing. It'll get better.

His fingers unknotted the blindfold. I winced, expecting light to pierce my eyesight uncomfortably. Nothing happened. The room was dark, Gabriel having drawn the blinds over every window sometime before. My lover's thoughtfulness never failed to move me. Gabriel was always so sweet to me. Always.

I reached for him, not wanting an inch to separate us. "I love you, Gabriel."

Surprise flipped his smile before deep pleasure shined brightly in his arresting gaze. "I love you too, Emma."

Unable to completely banish my uneasiness, I asked with uncharacteristic vulnerability, "Nothing will ever tear us apart, will it?"

"Never!" Gabriel swore, ruthless clench in his jaw affirming his sincerity.

I tightened my arms around his waist and rested my head against his chest. We stood there for a long time, unwilling and unable to let the other go.

