CHAPTER ONE

Shannon hung up the phone and squealed, her voice ringing through the apartment.

"Did someone die, or win the lottery?" Brynn yelled from the other room. Shannon fairly skipped down the hallway to poke her head into her roommate's bedroom. Brynn was laying in bed, her earphones tugged down around her neck and her linear algebra textbook propped up on her knees.

"Jason did. Not died, won the lottery. He called in and got tickets to Wilder Side! The concert is this week in LA!"

Brynn's eyebrows raised slightly. Some people might think that she was unimpressed, but Shannon knew that for her, this indicated extreme excitement.

"That's that boy rock band thing, right?"

"Yeah, Wilder Side."

"You've been calling like every morning," Brynn said.

"And now all of my hard work has paid off," Shannon said. She plopped herself on the end of Brynn's bed. "Backstage passes; can you believe it?"

"So Jason's taking you?"

"Hell yeah! Who else would he take?"

"I don't know, I thought he had a boyfriend." Brynn's eyebrows furrowed as she examined a problem in her textbook and scribbled something down in her notes.

"No, they broke up over summer break, remember?"

"Right, right."

Shannon reached over and stole Brynn's paper away.

"Um, hello, Shannon, I have to get this homework done," Brynn said. Shannon had one more semester left in her art major - photography, to be precise - and Brynn was studying math. As different as they were, they got along impeccably as roommates.

"Um, hello, you have to be at least a little excited for me first," Shannon said. "It's Alex Wilder!"

Brynn rolled her eyes.

"Oh my god," Brynn said, her voice taking on the inflection of a California valley girl. "That is like, so hella awesome and stuff. Alex Wilde is like, totally the hottest."

"Thank you," Shannon said, smiling as she handed Brynn her homework back. "It's Alex Wilder. And yes, he totally is the hottest."

"Okay, okay," Brynn said, slipping her headphones back over her head. "Tell him hi for me."

"I will," Shannon said. "But now I have to go shopping and buy the hottest dress ever so that I can get with the hottest rock star ever."

"Mmmhmm, congratulations," Brynn said, already absorbed in her homework. Shannon hopped off of the bed and Brynn pulled her headphones away from one ear. "Oh, and there's some everything bagels in the fridge if you want."

"Thanks," Shannon said. She walked all the way down to the kitchen before stopping in the middle of the doorway. What was she doing? She couldn't eat carbs right before going dress shopping for a dress that Alex Wilder was going to see her in. But everything-bagels sounded so good. She hesitated at the entrance of the kitchen, torn over the decision. Bagels. Alex Wilder. Bagels. Alex. Bagels. Alex.

"Come on Shannon," she said softly to herself. She turned on her heel and walked away, casting one mournful gaze behind her towards the kitchen. The bagels seemed to be whispering her name, like sirens luring her in towards the coast to be cast upon the sharp rocks.

"Come on Shannon," she said again, picking up her purse from the counter with a newfound determination. "Alex Wilder is waiting for you."

***

Jason met her at the door and they both let out simultaneous screams of joy.

"I still can't believe it. Can you believe it?" Jason said.

"I can't believe it. Can you believe it?"

"It's like a dream come true." Jason held his hands over his heart in a swooning pose. "Alex Wilder. Motherf**king Wilder Side. Insane, absolutely insane."

"Okay, let's get this show on the road," Shannon said. "We don't have very much time to turn ourselves into divas."

"I was going to go for the grunge groupie look," Jason said. "You know, ratty jeans and unwashed hair."

"Sounds irresistible." Shannon rolled her eyes at him.

"Yeah, well, you don't know how Alex likes his groupies," Jason said.

"I'm sure he's all about the hobo chic."

"Okay, okay, you win. Let's go to the mall," Jason said. "I'll drive."

"Thanks, darling," Shannon said, flipping her hair over her shoulder. They walked to his car and he graciously opened the door for her. She graciously accepted.

Sitting down in the passenger seat, she felt a flutter of nervousness pass through her body. They were going to actually see Wilder Side and get to go backstage. They might even get to talk with Alex Wilder himself. It was exciting and nervewracking at the same time.

"Girl, we are gonna get DONE UP," Jason said, plopping his lanky frame behind the steering wheel. He turned the ignition and revved the motor. "Gentlemen, start your engines!"

Shannon felt her nervousness fade away. Jason had a natural talent for friendship, and she could never feel anxious when he was around. And they were really going to see Wilder Side! She couldn't believe it.

"Woooohoooo!!!" Shannon screamed out the window as they drove off. "Wilder Side, here we come!!"

At the mall, Shannon felt completely at sea. Jason pulled off every dress from the rack for her to try out and pushed her into the dressing room.

"You can't be serious," Shannon said, after trying on the first dress.

"Let me see."

"You do not want to see this."

"Now I really want to see."

"Noooooooo," Shannon said.

"Yessssssss..."

Shannon walked out of the dressing room, her hands on her hips.

"I look like a hot dog," she said.

Jason burst out laughing.

"You are so right."

Shannon looked into the full-length mirror. She did look like a hot dog. The dress was pink, made out of the clingiest fabric known to man, and it accentuated every unsightly bulge on her body.

"Ugh," Shannon said, turning to see her butt. The dress somehow managed to make her ass look like it had ripples in it.

"Honestly, I think you look more like a sausage than a hot dog," Jason said, his hand stroking an invisible beard. "A Toulouse saucisse." Shannon punched him in the arm lightly.

"Well, we know what dress I'm not getting."

"An inauspicious beginning," Jason said. "But don't worry, I'm sure we'll find something."

"Don't give me anything else pink," Shannon said. "I don't think Alex Wilder likes hot dogs." She closed the dressing room door behind her. The sausage dress could not come off fast enough.

One by one they went through the selection, but nothing seemed to work. Despite Jason's attempts to make light of the situation, Shannon grew more and more desperate. It seemed like every dress was tailor made to accent some horrible part of her body. One sequined dress fit nicely at her waist but pinched like hell around her shoulders, causing her arm fat to bulge out of the sleeves. Another silky green dress was way too tight on her bust. Most of the slinky dresses had too-small hems that rode up her thighs, and anything that fit her ample bust and waist seemed to be designed to look frumpy.

She tried on one dress that seemed perfect at first. It was sexy but not too sexy, a nice satin A-line. Then she walked out of the dressing room and twirled around in front of Jason, and both of her boobs popped out of the top. Mortified, she covered herself with one arm and ran back into the dressing room.

"I like that one," Jason called out to her.

"Arggh!"

"What, you don't think Alex Wilder will want to see your beautiful chumbawambas?"

"Not during the show!" Shannon cried. "And don't call my girls chumbawambas."

"Your bazonkas?"

"No."

"Your knockers?"

"No."

"Airbags? Chachas? Jugs?"

"No!" Shannon poked her head out of the dressing room. "Besides, I thought you didn't like boobs."

"Your milkshake brings all the boys to the yard," Jason said solemnly. "Even the g*y ones."

"Oh hush," Shannon said, giggling. "I can't have my ta-tas popping out at a rock concert."

"Why not? I think it's a good look for you."

"Are there any dresses I haven't tried?"

"I think there might be more on the clearance rack," Jason said. "Want me to go get them?"

"Yes please," Shannon said. She sighed. "I'm sorry you have to put up with all this."

"Girl, shopping with you is not something to put up with." Jason leaned down and kissed her on the nose. "Stop being so down on your fine self."

"Thanks, Jason." Shannon closed the dressing room door to wait for him. She stuck her tongue out at the mirror. If they didn't find anything that fit her, she would just have to go to the concert nak*d. That would get Alex Wilder's attention. She laughed at the thought.

"Here you go," Jason said, throwing a dress over the dressing room door. "One left in your size."

Only one in her size. Of course. Frowning, Shannon pulled the black dress off of the hanger.

"This looks way too tight," Shannon said.

"Just try it," Jason called through the door. "It can't be worse than the hot dog dress."

Shannon pulled the dress over her head. To her surprise, the fabric was clingy but not pinching at her hips. She examined herself in the mirror. Not bad.

"Well? How does it look?"

Shannon opened the dressing room door and Jason gasped.

"Oh. My. God."

"It looks okay, right?" Shannon tugged at the hem. "I think it's a bit short."

"It's perfect. Come here, look in the full-length mirror."

Shannon let herself be tugged over to the mirror, and she was surprised at what she saw. The dressing room light hadn't illuminated the dress well from above, and now when she moved she saw that the fabric had a slight metallic sheen that sparkled in the light. The neckline was draped, scooping just low enough to show a hint of cl**vage, and the fabric was ruched just above the waist at the right side.

Turning around, Shannon saw that the satiny fabric flowed over her curvy h*ps and pulled inwards, creating a nice hourglass silhouette. She had to admit, it fit her well.

"You look stunning," Jason said.

"I don't know if I would go that far."

"Stunning," Jason insisted. "We're getting it."

"Okay," Shannon said. "I like it."

"I love it," Jason said. "And you know what else I love?"

"What?"

"Shoe shopping. Get dressed and let's go find something that will match."

"Okay," Shannon said. Jason picked up the unwearable dresses in his arms and walked out. Shannon went toward the dressing room, then paused and turned back to the mirror.

The dress did look stunning. She only hoped Alex Wilder thought so, too.

CHAPTER TWO

Julian Bremmer sat at the end of the bar, trying to avoid eye contact with any of the girls who kept checking him out. They had to know that he was from Wilder Side, but the last thing he wanted to do right now was sign another autograph or get hit on by some scrawny bleached-blond type who only wanted him because he was famous. He raised two fingers and the bartender splashed another shot of bourbon into his glass.

Was this his sixth or seventh drink? Julian had forgotten to keep track, but the haze that was settling around him nicely made him think that it was probably more than he remembered. Call it six. It was the morning after their last tour stop in San Francisco, and they had slept on the tour bus all night while the Jim drove them down into Los Angeles.

Only a few more shows, Julian thought. And then what?

Everything seemed muted, dull. The whole world swirled around him, pouring money into his lap while he tried to make sense of it all. Fame had come upon him suddenly, and he didn't feel like he deserved it. Someone else should have become the lead guitarist for Wilder Side. Someone with more talent than him, someone who would actually appreciate the finer things in life and wanted to f**k all of the young skinny groupies that flung themselves at him after the shows. Someone who didn't have clouds hanging over his head all the damn day.

Music was the only thing that drove away the clouds nowadays. Well, music and alcohol.

He looked down at his glass, but it was empty. He hadn't even tasted the liquor. He waved at the bartender again.

"You think you should slow down a little?"

Julian threw a hundred dollar bill on the bar and pointed at his glass. The bartender raised his eyebrows, but didn't protest. He took the bill and poured the bourbon, and Julian settled down on his stool, his head bent over the glass. He took a breath and tried to remember the last time he had felt something.

A hand clapped on his back and he steeled his face into a smile, thinking it must be a fan. But when he turned to look, it was just Alex.

"It's eleven o'clock in the morning," Alex said, frowning at Julian's breath. "You're a drunk."

"And you're a hack," Julian retorted. "Go write another song about losing love or finding love or whatever it is we're doing songs about now."

Alex grinned.

"Good enough to get us on the main stage at Rock City," he said. "What is this, your third drink already?"

"Something like that," Julian said. "What's it to you?"

"Listen, man. I needed to talk to you. Pat's worried that you're drinking too much. We're all worried."

"What is this, an intervention?" Julian was vaguely aware that he was slurring his words, but he didn't care. "Fuck you."

Alex's grin evaporated as suddenly as it had come.

"No, f**k you. We need to get the sound stuff done, we need to get everything worked out-"

"Daniel always takes f**king forever to set up his amp. It doesn't matter if I'm late."

"It matters to me. Rock City is a big stage. This is a big break."

"Um, hello?" Julian gestured at the girls who had clustered together at the door. They were all staring at Julian and Alex. "We have too many fans already. I'm chasing them away with sticks. We've had our big break. We're rolling in it. What more do you want?"

"I can't believe you're just throwing this away. We could be HUGE. We could be, like, the next Beatles."

"Can we skip the Beatles pop rock shit and get to the good stuff, then?"

Alex rolled his eyes.

"Look, I'm trying to do the best with what we have to work with. But there's so much shit I'm having to deal with right now."

"Yeah? Like what?"

"Like the last gig in San Diego is all f**ked up because Cheap Trix decided they want to play at the same venue as us and the guy is trying to decided who should open for who."

"Let Pat deal with it, he's the manager." The full import of Alex's words didn't hit Julian for another beat, and then he was furious.

"Wait, what? Cheap Trix? That girl rock bullshit? What the fuck?"

"I know," Alex said. "That's why I've been off talking with people on the phone trying to work this shit out."

"I'm not opening for Cheap Trix," Julian said, shaking his head angrily. He leaned back on the stool and had to catch himself on the edge of the bar before falling. Dizziness swept over him. Maybe he had been drinking too much. Alex didn't seem to notice, though - he was off in his own world.

"It's a crossover audience, man," Alex said. "I don't mind them playing the same stage. But they should be opening for us."

"Fuck girls." Julian gulped the last of his drink. "Fuck 'em. And not in the good way."

Alex got an odd look on his face, and not for the first time Julian wondered if he was gay. The lead singer had always had tons of girls milling around him after shows, but he never had a girlfriend. Sure, he might have been one hundred percent obsessed with music instead, or maybe he was a straight-edge morality guy, but no, Julian didn't think so. Julian was pretty sure he just wasn't interested.

Whatever. It wasn't his life, and it wasn't his problem. He had other issues to deal with. Like the fact that his glass was empty.

Alex's voice was still going, and Julian tuned back in.

"And we've got to find a new sound guy and driver, because Jim is quitting, and we need a graphics person and a tour photographer and get the new recording mixed."

"I thought it was already mixed."

"Asher didn't finish his recording until yesterday."

"What? Why not? We've been done with that for days."

"His girlfriend was fighting with him on the phone until like 1am the night we recorded."

Julian rolled his eyes.

"Like I said, f**k girls."

The girls by the door had gotten up the nerve to approach them, and they were within hearing distance. Two of them tittered nervously at Julian's comment.

"Um, hey, are you guys from Wilder Side?" The blond girl in a miniskirt and furry boots cocked her head, flashing a broad smile at them. Alex smiled back but Julian just looked down balefully at his empty glass.

"Sure am. Can I sign an autograph?"

"Oh my god, you're Alex Wilder!" One of the other girls flipped out. "I can't believe it's really you!" She pulled out a cell phone and started taking picture after picture. Alex dutifully signed autographs, and the last girl pulled up her shirt to have him sign her boobs. He blinked hard and carefully wrote his name across the generous cl**vage. Julian imagined that he could see the singer shudder.

"You're the guitar player, right?" the girl with the boobs asked Julian. Ah, shit. "Would you autograph me, too?"

Julian stood up a bit shakily, pushing another bill across the bar.

"Sorry, I'm not allowed to write on flesh before noon. It's a Lutheran thing." He pulled Alex's arm roughly away from the cluster of girls. "We've got to do a sound check, anyways."

"Thanks for listening, ladies," Alex said, waving as he was dragged away. "Make sure you check out our new album."

"It's a Lutheran thing?" Alex said accusingly when they were out on the street. Julian shrugged.

"It might be. Anyway, you wanted me to stop drinking and look." He spread his hands out innocently. "No more drinking."

"You don't have to be so rude to our fans," Alex said.

"I don't give a shit about our fans," Julian said. "I just want to blot everything out until the music starts, okay?"

"Look, I get it," Alex started to say.

"No, you don't." Julian frowned, unsure of how to explain the depression that had blackened all of their tour. The halo of liquor was already starting to wear off now that they were out of the bar. The sun seemed entirely too bright in the sky. "You don't get it."

"Yeah, well, you don't get it either," Alex said. He looked down at the ground and they walked side by side in silence.

Maybe I don't get it, Julian thought. But at least I know what my demons are.

It had always seemed to him that everybody else around him walked on air, but maybe it wasn't so simple. It struck him that he might have just been overlooking the hurt that each person carried inside. You couldn't see hurt, after all. A man who looked liked he owned the world might have a crack running through his heart, deep and black and invisible, and Julian would never know. Maybe Alex was one of them.

Surprisingly, this didn't make him feel worse. Instead, he felt the loneliness lift off of his shoulders, as though the shared burden of invisible pain had given him a new circle of friends, even if he didn't know who they were. He put one arm around Alex's shoulder.

"I'm sorry man," he said. "I'm gonna try to do better, I promise. I am trying."

Alex's eyes lifted, and a small smile brightened his face.

"Thanks, Julian," he said. "I appreciate it, I really do."

"Sure thing," Julian said, smiling back even though it hurt. "Now let's go be rock stars."

CHAPTER THREE

They were in the concert hall and Shannon thought she just might die of excitement. The security guards saw their backstage passes and waved them through the first barrier. They had made it all the way up to the front of the stage, fielding nasty looks from some of the other fans. Finally the lights went down and Shannon held her breath. It was incredible that they were about to see Alex Wilder himself.

Shannon screamed along with the rest of the fans when Alex came on stage, but her attention was strangely drawn to the other members of the band. Now that she was actually seeing them play, she was fascinated by how all of the different musicians worked together. The energy that came off of them was palpable. She wished that she had been able to bring her camera to the show, but photography wasn't allowed.

Except for cell phones, Shannon thought, rolling her eyes at the crowd of fans waving their phones in the air to take pictures. She would rather not have photos at all than have stupid crappy photos. ARGH. If only she had her camera! She didn't think of herself as a photography snob - a Canon 60D wasn't much to be snobby about - but damn if she didn't hate the latest trend of blurry sepia-filtered cell phone pictures being posted all over her social networking sites.

The closest band member was the lead guitarist, Julian Bremmer. Shannon didn't know much about him, but as she watched him play she was mesmerized by how his fingers flew along the strings, dancing to the rest of the music. Alex Wilder was walking around the stage, feeding off of the crowd's energy. Julian, on the other hand, seemed to be focused entirely on his guitar and the music. His head was bent over the strings, his loosely cropped dark hair falling just over his forehead. It would make a great portrait study, Shannon thought.

What a loser I am. Thinking about school even when I'm at a Wilder Side concert.

Shannon thought that perhaps Julian was nervous, but then he looked up at the crowd during a break in his part and she could see that there was no hint of anxiety in his eyes. He was totally calm and confident, surveying the throngs of cheering fans without any pause or hesitation. You love us, his expression seemed to say, because we deserve it.

He did deserve it - Shannon was amazed at how fast his fingers worked the strings during his solos. It seemed effortless for him, and yet the music came out frenetic, hard and fast and perfect for every song.

The concert was over too soon, and as soon as the last note was played Julian had his guitar slung back over his shoulder, unplugging his equipment. The only concession to the audience was a quick wave with one hand. The music was done and he was done too, as though it were the notes that buoyed him up and allowed him to survive on stage.

"I can't wait to see Alex," Jason said as they filed up towards the back room.

"Sure," Shannon said. She was off in fantasy land already. Sure, Alex was great, but she couldn't get her mind off of the deep brown eyes of the guitarist.

"You, come with me." The band manager's words interrupted her thoughts and for a moment she was disoriented. Then Jason was pulling her hand to come along.

The manager who had come over to them looked her up and down.

"Who's she?"

Shannon blushed deeply. Under his gaze she felt every insecurity of hers come to surface. She was too fat, she wasn't pretty enough, she wasn't the right kind of girl. She felt like screaming at him that he wasn't one to judge, but she knew that it was different for women. She was the one in the tight dress and the spiked heels, and therefore she had to submit her appearance for his approval. It sucked, but that was just the way it was. That was the way it had always been.

The fat man shrugged.

"You're not a crazy fan, are you?"

"Of course not." Shannon bristled with the insult. If she had been tall and thin, the man would never judge her as crazy. If she was a beautiful model, he would be the one to grovel at her feet and beg her to come with him. She held onto her anger as they made their way back to another room. Shannon was still hot with embarrassment but it quickly melted away as she saw what was backstage.

Lights, lights everywhere, everything mottled with color. Shannon looked around, ignoring for now the people in the room and reveling in the illuminated atmosphere. It was beautiful here. She wanted to go pull out her camera and shoot the scene exactly how it was.

Jason nudged her and she came back to reality.

"I think he wants to talk to you, Shannon," Jason said.

"What?" Shannon looked over and saw the guitarist sitting on a couch between two beautiful blonde girls. He tilted his head slightly, his eyes locked on her.

"No way," she said.

"Way."

Shannon felt Jason's hand come around her waist and push her forward. She tottered on her heels.

"Go on, go mingle."

"I don't know what to say though!" She looked behind her, certain that there was some other fan that Julian was looking at. It was just her and Jason, though. She felt her stomach gurgle with nervousness.

"Say you're his biggest fan."

"You are no help at all, do you know that, Jason?" Shannon inhaled deeply and walked over toward Julian. What could she say? He was already deep in conversation with the two blond beauties, and she fingered her red hair nervously. There was no way he could have wanted her to come over. She stood there for a second, trying to decide whether it would be completely awkward if she just turned and ran out of the room instead of introducing herself.

"Hi." Julian had stood up and stretched out his hand. "Thanks for coming."

"Hi," Shannon said, taking the handshake. His fingers were long, strong, and Shannon felt her own hand enveloped by his, his index finger brushing her wrist. She felt her heart race as their eyes made contact. There was a passion in his gaze that set her entire body aflame. He held her hand just a moment too long and she felt the heat rising up her neck.

She immediately berated herself. He was just a musician, after all. Shannon wasn't about to be one of those crazy fans.

"Come sit," Julian said, scooting over on the couch to make room for her next to him. Shannon noticed the blonde girl scowl at her for taking her spot, but she wasn't about to give up the chance to sit next to Julian Bremmer. The heat from his body radiated outward and made her even warmer than she already was. She agonized over how she should sit. Leaning towards him? Away from him? Shannon crossed her ankles and rested her hands on her knees, hoping that her dress wasn't too revealing.

He threw back his head to drink a shot of something. Whiskey, if his breath was telling the truth. There were four glasses on the table, and two of them were already empty. He didn't even cough once after taking the shot, just turned to talk to Shannon in a voice that sounded sober as day. His thigh pressed slightly against hers and she felt an almost electric shock run between their bodies.

"What's your name?"

"Shannon."

"Nice to meet you, Shannon. I'm Julian." Even though he was the guitarist, Shannon thought he could be the lead singer. His voice was molten, growling.

"We were just talking about Fiji." The other blond girl, the taller one, put her hand on Julian's knee possessively. "Did you sail to any of the outer islands when you were there?"

"A few, yeah."

The tall blond girl began to talk about her family's vacation home out in the Yasawas and how the only good food there was seafood, and so on and so forth. Julian nodded politely, leaning back into his seat, and Shannon pretended to be following the conversation, her attention drifting to Julian's profile until the tall blond girl turned to her.

"Have you ever been?"

"Excuse me?"

"Have you ever been to Fiji?" The girl looked at her pointedly.

"Um, no," Shannon said. "I'd love to travel, but I've never been out of the country."

"Oh." The blond sniffed and turned back to the guitarist, obviously disdainful of Shannon as a conversation partner. "Fiji was nice and all, but nowhere near as nice as New Zealand." She talked at length about the mountain regions and the nice restaurants she had been to, and began to detail her trip to some mud baths in the middle of the countryside. Shannon was about to stifle a yawn when Julian stood up.

"I'll be back," he said.

"Where are you going?" the blond girl said. Her hand was outstretched as though she wanted to prevent his escape.

"Just using the bathroom," Julian said. He smiled at Shannon, and Shannon felt her heart skip a beat. "Be right back." As he stood up, he gulped another shot and placed the glass down on the table with a hard thud.

He had just left when the blond girl to Shannon's side stood up and went to sit by her friend. Sitting next to each other, they looked almost like twins. Twin Barbie dolls, all made up. They were gorgeous, their hair and nails perfectly done. Shannon examined her nails. Although she had just done them for the show, one thumbnail was already chipped. How does that happen?

"He's cute, don't you think?" the tall one said.

"Well, he's no Alex Wilder."

"Yeah, but he's famous at least."

"Kind of famous," the tall girl said dismissively.

"Fuckable famous, that's for sure."

"Well obv, just not, you know, really famous." The tall girl shook her long straight hair out.

"He's really talented," Shannon said, trying to join in the conversation. The two girls looked over at her with twin gazes of intense disapproval, and Shannon knew immediately she had said the wrong thing.

"Right, so what, you think he wants to talk to you?" The tall girl looked down her nose with distaste.

"I just meant... he seems nice. And he plays really well," Shannon said, flushing a deep red.

"Why did you come over here anyway?" the other girl said. "We were having a nice conversation."

"Yeah," echoed the other. "A nice conversation."

"I'm sorry," Shannon said, flustered. "I thought-"

"Before you showed up."

"I don't even know why they let people like you in anyway," the girl said, her eyes sweeping down Shannon's figure. Shannon immediately felt like she wanted to melt through the floor. Her arms crossed over her chest protectively. It was stupid of her to think she could talk to these girls. They were models, both of them, or could be.

"Sorry," she whispered, her face still hot with embarrassment. She looked around to see if she could find Jason, but he was gone. So was Julian. She was alone.

"Give me a mint," the tall girl said to her friend. They busied themselves primping each other and reapplying their lip gloss, and Shannon turned away from them on the couch, looking again at the colored lights. The other band members were scattered across the room, mingling with fans, and Shannon thought again of how she could shoot the scene. Impressionistic, maybe, a long focal length... She had felt so wonderful when she first came in, but now with the girls next to her she wanted to run away. If only she could find Jason.

She saw Julian come back into the room and stop to talk with the drummer. They laughed, and Shannon felt her heart twinge as the guitarist's smile lit up his face. Then he turned towards her and the laugh pulled back into a smile again. It was impossible, that he should be smiling at her, but there it was. She felt the jolt of sexual tension again as his eyes swept down her figure, just as the blond girl had, but with a distinct look of appreciation. He said something to the drummer and then walked across the room.

The blond girls split apart on the couch as the guitarist walked up.

"Come sit here, Julian," the tall one said. She patted the space between her and her friend.

"Thanks, but I can't stay," Julian said.

"Aw, but we're going to miss you." Her tone was wheedling.

"Then you'll have to miss me," Julian said. He turned to Shannon, and she stuck out her hand politely.

"It was really nice to meet you," she said.

He took her hand, but not in a handshake. His fingers closed over her palm and he bent down toward her. He was so close that she could smell a hint of his cologne, and she felt a bit dizzy.

"Will you come with me?" Julian said.

Shannon was speechless. Hadn't he just told the two gorgeous models that he couldn't stay? She looked over to see them staring at her, mouths agape. It looked like they were as stunned as she was.

"Me?" Shannon said, disbelieving.

Julian smiled.

"You," he said. Shannon felt her breath catch in her throat, but she nodded at him.

"Sure." She had to keep herself from screaming out loud. Yes, yes, of course I would like to come with you!

Julian helped her up, and then Shannon was standing next to him, her waist encircled by his arm. She could feel the pressure of his hand on her hip, and her heart beat faster.

"Have a good night, ladies," he said to the blond girls. They didn't reply, too stunned to say a word. Shannon couldn't help but smirk at them before she let herself be led away by Julian.

As they passed through the doorway to the outside hall, Shannon had a flash of insecurity. She had agreed to come with him so easily, and he seemed so casually possessive - did he think that she was like the other obsessed fans, that she would be an easy lay? Maybe that's why he had chosen her, because she wasn't the prettiest, thinnest girl in the room. Maybe he just wanted a good time with no strings attached, and she was the easiest target. Maybe he was drunk. He didn't seem drunk, even though he had been downing shot after shot.

"Hey there," Julian said, squeezing her around her waist.

"Huh?" Shannon replied.

"You're off in your mind somewhere else," he said. He stopped her and pulled her aside in the hallway. A handful of fans had gathered at the back entrance twenty feet away, and they were staring at Shannon and Julian.

"Sorry," she said.

"You don't have to be sorry," Julian said. "But you look worried. What's up?"

"Nothing." She flashed her broadest smile at him, trying to relax. Don't f**k this up, Shannon. "Everything is great."

Julian reached up and brushed a lock of her hair behind one ear. Another electric shock passed through his fingers to her skin, and she bit down on her lip to keep from shivering. The fans at the entrance were talking, she was sure, about her and the guitarist, whispering in hushes and stealing glances over at them. They must be thinking that she was so lucky.

"We don't have to go anywhere if you don't want to," Julian said. "I just thought you looked uncomfortable with those other girls."

Shannon let out a laugh that seemed forced to her ears.

"They weren't the nicest girls," she admitted. Julian frowned, and Shannon mentally kicked herself. "I mean, they were nice enough, I guess-"

"Did they say something to you?" Julian asked. His voice was full of concern, and Shannon found her eyes filling with tears involuntarily.

"It's just-" Shannon's voice cracked, and she tilted her head down quickly so that Julian wouldn't see. Deep breath, Shannon. Come on. Then she felt Julian's arm come around her shoulder and give her a gentle hug. It was the most comforting gesture, and it made her tear up even more. He was so generous, even to a stupid blubbery fan like her.

"Well, I can't say I blame you. They seemed like total bitches to me."

Shannon looked up in surprise to see Julian grinning down at her. He gave her another squeeze around the waist and she felt a rush of relief pass through her body.

"They were total bitches!" she cried out, laughing through her tears.

Julian laughed with her.

"Come on then. Let's blow this popsicle stand," he said jokingly. He tilted his head towards the fans. "Otherwise I think I'm going to have to sign a million more autographs."

Shannon wiped her face, sniffing just a bit. He still wanted her to come with him. She felt buoyant, her spirits completely lifted. She hoped her mascara wasn't running.

"Alright," she said, trying her hardest to lighten up. "Let's make like a tree and get out of here."

Julian chuckled. As his hand circled her waist, she sucked in her stomach automatically. They walked towards the entryway and outside to the top of the stairs, where hundreds of fans immediately surged toward them. There were guardrails along the walkway, with security guards posted along the side, and everyone was leaning forward, their arms outstretched toward Julian.

Shannon paused at the top of the stairway, the flashes of cameras blinding her. She tensed up, readying herself for Julian to let go, but he never did. She swallowed hard, looking around at the throngs of people screaming at them. It was overwhelming.

Julian squeezed her, and she felt the reassuring pressure of his hand through the thin fabric of her dress.

"Ready?" he whispered in her ear. She noticed for the first time the limo waiting for them at the bottom of the walkway.

As they walked through the crowd, Julian waved at all of his fans. Shannon tried to smile, her attention mostly focused on not falling over in her high heels. Everybody was looking at them, screaming and trying to get Julian's attention. Shannon felt dizzy with giddiness. She was the one who was walking with him, and she held her chin up proudly, shaking her red hair out behind her.

They reached the limo, and Julian opened the door for her, holding her hand as she got in carefully. He climbed in after her, waving one last time to the crowd before closing the car door. Shannon could still see the cameras flashing through the tinted windows as the limo pulled away. The divider was up and they could not see the limo driver. Shannon looked around. There was a bar installed on one side of the limo, and red-tinted LED lights lit the interior dimly. Wow.

Julian poured himself a gin and tonic from the side bar, light on the tonic.

"Want something?" he asked. Shannon shook her head. She could stick her foot in her mouth well enough without being drunk; she didn't need any alcohol to make her dizzier than she already was. Julian shrugged, gulping the entire contents down in two swallows.

"Whew," Julian said, leaning back into the leather seat. He yawned, stretching his arm around her shoulder mischievously as he did.

"It must be exhausting to do a show like that every night," Shannon said.

"Not the show," Julian said, turning to her. "The show gives me energy. Playing music..."

His eyes glazed over distantly, and he smiled with a faraway look on his face.

"It's something else," he said. "It's the only thing that wakes me up."

Shannon felt his arm tighten around her, and she leaned back into his embrace as the limo rounded a corner. She was nervous. He hadn't done anything else but hold her, and she wondered why he had brought her here.

"So it's the other stuff that makes you tired?"

"Yeah," he said. "God, I thought I was going to have to talk about Fiji for another hour with those girls."

Shannon giggled.

"Well, when I went to Fiji on my third favorite yacht I found the five-star dining simply exquisite," she said.

"Did you now?" he said, playing along. "But the walk from the clubhouse to the cabana is just so tiring."

"Oh, I just have my poolboys carry me on my chaise lounge from place to place," Shannon said, waving her hand in the air elegantly. Her nerves were starting to dissipate. "That way I don't have to worry about spilling my margarita on the way over."

"What a brilliant idea."

"But don't get me started on the horrible way they treat you at the beach resorts. When I asked for a personal scuba team to bring me a school of manta rays to swim with, do you know what happened?"

"What on earth happened?" Julian rested his chin in his palm.

"They could only find TWO manta rays," Shannon said. "Is that a school? I don't think that's a school."

"Not even close. What terrible service."

"I'm never going to Fiji again. At least in Rio they try to make you happy on vacation. My god."

They both cracked up, and Shannon felt herself relax. She was caught off guard when Julian pulled her into a kiss, his lips pressing hard against hers.

She felt his hand slide up her waist, and she let out a small gasp. Julian's face was inches from hers, his nose grazing her cheek.

"So you've got a sense of humor," he said. "I like that."

"It's all I've got," she said, blushing. It was true. She had never been popular because of her weight, so she had learned to make people laugh. Boys never liked her, but at least she hadn't been reviled.

"That's not all you've got," Julian said. He kissed her cheek, letting his lips flutter over her skin. She felt her entire body respond to his touch, her heart leaping as his mouth moved over her neck and breathed close to her ear.

"Seems to me you've got quite a lot more," he whispered. His arms were around her and his hands were pressing against her waist. She flushed harder.

"A lot more in the hips, maybe," she said, biting down on the words.

Julian pulled back, and she ached for the touch of his embrace. She was always saying the wrong thing at the wrong time. God, Shannon, you're such an idiot.

"Hey," Julian said. Shannon couldn't speak. Julian's hand caressed her cheek, moving down over her shoulder. "Don't talk like that."

Shannon opened her mouth to reply, but there was a lump in her throat and she felt her eyes welling up with tears for the second time that night. He would think she was just a big fat crybaby. It was so stupid. She had a chance with the sexiest rock star ever, and she was blowing it bit by bit.

"I just-" She choked up.

"What is it?"

"I just don't know why you wanted me to come with you."

There. There it was. There was no reason for him to have picked her over anybody else, and she knew it.

"Well," he said, "you mean beside the fact that you're sexy as hell in that dress?"

She forced out a grim chuckle.

"Or beside the fact that I have a thing for gorgeous redheads who can make me crack a smile?"

She shook her head.

"You're surrounded by like, supermodels, all the time," Shannon said. "I'm-" She couldn't finish the sentence. I'm fat. I'm lumpy.

"You were the most beautiful woman there, and you're here with me now." Julian's voice was firm. He pulled her into another kiss and this time she arched herself into it. His hands moved over her curves possessively, and she felt herself relaxing, letting go at his command. He wanted her, didn't he? Why else would he have brought her here, into his limo? He could have had any girl at that show, any girl at all. But he picked her.

Julian's lips moved ardently, sending little electric shocks of pleasure down her spine. He sucked on her bottom lip, teasing her with his tongue. His hand moved to her knee, his warm fingers sliding up underneath her tight dress between her thighs. She moaned softly, her fingers splayed across his chest in a show of sweet reluctance.

"Shannon," Julian whispered. "Let me..."

She would have let him do anything. Most guys who came on to her wanted her to suck them off, or wanted to f**k her from behind. Right now she would have done anything, all of it, all for him. He was so perfect. And so kind.

"What do you want me to do?" she asked. Instead of answering, his hand slid farther up between her legs, and she felt his fingers stroking her there, through her underwear. She gasped.

"I want you to sit right there," Julian said, "and enjoy every second of this." He pressed his thumb firmly against her, sending her arching back against the leather seat with pleasure. She was suddenly wet, her cl*t responding to the massaging thumb with complete abandon despite her own mental reluctance.

"Oh... my... god." She managed to force out the words as he continued to stroke her with his fingertips. This couldn't be happening. Julian Bremmer, rock god, was sending her into paroxysms of pleasure just by the slow movements of his fingers. And what's more, he seemed to be enjoying himself.

Then he pulled his hand slightly back, and she whimpered, her body aching for his touch. Of course he would want something. She would suck him off, give him the best blowjob of his life. Yes, yes, that's what she would do.

"Ohhh," she said. Her fingers scrambled towards his zipper, but he took her hand in his.

"Not yet," he said. "First you."

He reached around her back and unzipped her dress only just enough to pull one of the straps over her shoulder. Her bra strap came along with it, exposing her chest. In the cool air inside the limo, her n**ples perked up.

Julian ran one strong hand under her left breast, cupping it and rubbing his thumb over the nipple. It was the hand that had been stroking her, and she flushed to feel the slippery moisture of her own juices being rubbed into her skin.

Then he bent his head and took the nipple into his mouth, and she could not help the shudders of bliss that ran through her whole body from head to toe. Her p**sy was wet and aching, and as his hand slid back between her legs she groaned with anticipation, twisting to meet him. He came back up to meet her in a kiss, his free hand entwining itself in her hair.

"Do you want this?" he whispered into her ear. It was the most delicious teasing, the agony of denial running through her body.

"Oh yes," she cried softly. "Yes, yes, I want it. I want you."

His fingers nimbly pushed her panties aside and she let out a gasp of pleasure as he slid two fingers inside of her. She clenched down onto him, trying not to scream with delight.

"God, you're tight," he said, a smile on his face. "And it's alright, you can make noises. I'm sure the limo driver won't mind."

Shannon blushed, but her embarrassment didn't last long as Julian pressed his thumb against her clit, rubbing slowly and surely against her most sensitive spot. She shivered with excitement. He slid his fingers out and she whimpered at the loss of pressure.

"Nice and slow," Julian murmured in her ear. With one hand he was stroking her hair, his fingers caressing her scalp and sending tingles down her spine. With the other-

"Ahh!"

Shannon choked out a cry as Julian plunged his fingers back, deeper into her dripping wet slit. She tightened and relaxed, tightened and relaxed, as he worked his way farther into her. She felt herself opening up to him, her body beginning to rock forward in a rhythm that propelled her towards orgasm.

It had been forever since she had orgasmed with a man, and now she felt herself begin to tense up. She didn't want to embarrass herself, after all, but it was impossible to hide her pleasure. This had never happened to her - she had never been the one heading to cli**x on her own. It had always been about getting the guy off, no matter what. Shannon remembered all of the times that she had sacrificed her own happiness, and it made her slow down with the memory of pain.

"It's okay," Julian said, as though reading her thoughts. "Use me. I only want to make you happy."

Then he bent down and took her nipple back into his mouth, sucking hard. At the same time he slid another finger inside of her, forcing her wider. She writhed with uncontrollable pleasure, rocking against his hand in a rhythm that moved faster, faster still, sending waves of terrible aching pleasure rolling through her body. Her breath was ragged with desire.

As she rocked toward her cli**x, she felt Julian's tongue swirl around her nipple, and his thumb matched the pattern, circling over her cl*t in a steady pressure.

"Ohhh," she moaned. "Yes, yes!" He sucked harder, his teeth grazing her skin as he thrust his fingers deep into her, stretching her out.

"Oh yes! Yes! OH GOD!"

At that moment, one of Julian's fingers curled up to press right against her G-spot and she felt her entire body shake into the most intense orgasm she had ever known. He held her firmly against the seat with his strong arms, his tongue still flicking over her aroused nipple as she came in his embrace, the waves of her orgasm thundering through her body again and again, crashing through her nerves and leaving her shivering with pleasure.

Julian's mouth moved over her breast, kissing every square inch of her body as she leaned her head against the leather seat back. She was breathless, panting, and as he moved his mouth along her skin and up her neck she shivered again at his touch.

He withdrew his fingers slowly, and she felt the slippery wetness between her thighs. If she hadn't already been flushed from her orgasm she would have turned bright red just then.

"Sorry," she managed to choke out.

"Oh, you are soaked," Julian said, nuzzling her hair. "I like that."

He reached over her and pulled out a hand towel from the bar to dry his fingers.

"I think I need to get you cleaned up before we get there."

"There?" Shannon said, woozy. "Where?"

"The band decided to splurge and get hotel rooms in the city," Julian said. "Water Heights. Do you know where that it?"

"Sure," Shannon said. Water Heights was the biggest, most expensive hotel in the area. It had just been built a few years ago as part of the outer Los Angeles development, right on the edge of the ocean. The views were incredible, so they said.

Julian slid the hand towel between Shannon's thighs, wiping her clean, and now she did blush. He was so gentle, it was almost a caress.

"Spread your legs a little for me," he said. Shannon obeyed, her blush now a fierce fire-engine red, and Julian's hand moved to dry her, patting her softly with the towel. He kissed her on the forehead.

"Good girl," Julian murmured, his lips hot against her skin. "God, you're beautiful."

"Did you... did you want..." Shannon didn't know how to ask if Julian wanted her to do anything for him.

"I told you what I want," Julian said. The limo pulled to a stop, and Shannon looked out the tinted windows to see the bright towers of Water Heights looming above her. He took her hand in his, squeezing tightly. His eyes were kind, so kind, and Shannon felt her heart rebel against her body. There was no way he could be this wonderful.

Julian opened the door and got out, reaching back and holding out his hand towards Shannon.

"I want to make you happy."

CHAPTER FOUR

The hotel room was on the top floor, and Shannon couldn't contain her excitement when they walked in and she saw that the entire wall was one glass window. It was crazy - the room was as big as a house, so it seemed. She squealed and ran forward to the glass.

The ocean spread out below the night sky, and the moon was so bright that Shannon could see every tiny ripple on the water surface. The boats docked off to one side shone red and green lights from their masts that reflected off of the water, glimmering faintly in the distance. In the distance the ocean cliffs rose up, their peaks hidden by soft halos of clouds.

"It's beautiful," she said to herself. Julian came up beside her.

"It sure is."

"I've never imagined seeing the cliffs from up high like this. It's just incredible."

"Money can't buy happiness," Julian said, his eyes scanning the horizon, "but it sure can buy a view."

Shannon laughed softly. The water below them was dark except where the moon reflected off of the waves. It must hide vast secrets under its surface, Shannon thought. She had swum in the ocean many time before, as a kid, but she had never thought to imagine how big it truly was. For the second time that night she felt an aching to photograph the scene.

Remember this, Shannon, she thought to herself. Remember this for later.

"I wish I had my camera," Shannon whispered.

"You're a photographer?" Julian asked.

"A hopeful photographer. I finish college this year."

"College, huh?"

Shannon flushed. Oh god, he was going to think she was just a stupid college kid.

"Yeah," she said. "I've been doing some outside work too, you know, for weddings and things..." She trailed off lamely.

"I'd love to see some of your work," Julian said. Shannon brightened. He was so kind. "Sometimes I wish I had finished school. I had to drop out for the band, you know, because we were touring."

Shannon nodded, although she didn't really know. Wilder Side had been a famous band for years, and they must all be millionaires ten times over by now. She couldn't imagine leaving the fame and fortune behind. For what? Assignments and projects? He had definitely gotten the better end of the deal.

Julian had moved back to the expansive kitchen and was opening a bottle of wine.

"Red is good, I hope?" he asked.

"Oh, I don't know," Shannon said, a teasing note in her voice. She felt playful, draping herself over the couch leisurely. "What's the vintage?"

"This lovely Pinot Noir is from the award-winning 1998 vintage in Mont Chablix," Julian said. He brought the bottle over to her and displayed it in his hands. "From the cellar of winemaster Jacques Pierrot Yvesmartin de Chasle Sudmarron. The Third." He exaggerated the nasal sounds in the made-up name, and Shannon giggled.

"The pedigree is acceptable," Shannon said. "But what of the wine itself?"

He uncorked the bottle and waved the cork in front of her nose.

"For your olfactory approval, Mademoiselle."

"Ah, hints of gooseberries and apple blossoms," Shannon said. "With an undercarriage of worn leather."

"Indeed. A most excellent choice for Mademoiselle if she would care to try it."

"Perhaps just a taste," Shannon said.

Julian grabbed the two wine glasses and plopped unceremoniously next to her on the couch.

"If it's red, it's good for me," Julian said, filling both their glasses.

"Ooh, enough!" Shannon said, motioning for him to stop pouring. "I can't drink too much." She had been trying to cut out empty calories, and wine was definitely an indulgence.

"But of course, mademoiselle," Julian said. He put down the bottle and clinked his glass against hers.

"What are we toasting?"

"Hm, that's a tough one." Julian's hand rested idly on her shoulder, and he played with a strand of her hair. "How about we toast to the most beautiful, funny redhead I've ever met?"

"No!" Shannon arched one eyebrow. "I'm not toasting to that."

"Alright, then." Julian reached his arm around her shoulder and pulled her close to him on the couch. "Then how about we just toast to beauty?"

In his expression, she could see that he was telling her the truth, but she did not know how he could possibly think she was beautiful. Her throat ran dry and she swallowed.

"Yes," she said. "To beauty."

They clinked their glasses and took a sip.

"Maaaaahhhhvelous," Julian said, licking his lips as he looked at her. "So now, tell me more about yourself."

Shannon felt a rush of anxiety sweep over her. She was nobody, certainly not a girl who could compare to a famous rock star. What could she tell him that was interesting?

"I'm just finishing up at the state school," she said. "Um, like I said. And I work part-time at an art studio."

"So you're a model?" Julian asked.

"No! I just, you know, clean up and take care of the paperwork, sign people up for classes, take care of the darkroom and other photography stuff."

"Is that what you're majoring in? Photography?"

Shannon nodded. "My parents were furious when I told them I wanted to do art for a living. But I've taken a lot of business classes too, so it's not that bad."

God, it sounded so lame when she said it like that. But Julian listened attentively.

"I could tell it was something like that," he said.

"Like what?" She gulped her wine, which for all their exaggeration was actually quite delicious. It was smoother than any wine Shannon had ever tasted, the flavors as intoxicating as the alcohol.

"The way you look at the world," Julian said. "When your eyes move over something, it's like you're actually seeing it. Most people just walk around like they're living in a haze. But you pay attention to things."

Shannon chuckled. "I guess. Not much of a life skill."

"It's the same way I listen to music," Julian said. "Like every little piece of it is so intense."

"That must be nice," Shannon murmured.

Julian's face lit up. "Wait here."

"What am I waiting for?" Shannon asked, but he was already gone out of the room. Shannon sat patiently, sipping her wine. She was startled when music started to play overhead and the room lights dimmed. Julian came back, pointing to the ceiling.

"It's not the best sound system," he said. "But I want you to hear this."

"What is it?"

"Something I wrote," Julian said. "Just listen."

Shannon put her glass of wine on the side table and settled into the couch. Julian came to join her, and she was surprised to feel his arms lift her body up and over so that she was cradled against his chest. She leaned her head against his body, feeling the warmth of his skin through his shirt. It felt as intimate as though they were long-time lovers cuddling at the end of a normal workday.

At first the song started out with a simple guitar riff. Shannon listened to the strings being plucked, and whether it was the wine or the music or just the fact that she was lying in Julian Bremmer's arms, she felt as though it was her body being plucked along with the guitar. Her entire being shivered as each new note rang out, each nerve vibrating differently.

Another guitar part came in at a different rhythm. Julian slid his hands around her, clasping them around her waist. She sucked in her stomach automatically.

"Relax," he whispered into her ear.

Shannon let out a breath. The two guitars were intertwined now, the different melodic structures playing off of each other. Sometimes the parts would combine in harmony, and sometimes they would draw apart, dancing off into their own parts of the musical scale, seemingly ignorant of each other.

Shannon closed her eyes. Each guitar seemed to be weaving its own thread through the air, and when she let herself drift into the music she could see them visually. It was as if the notes were painting the backs of her eyelids, waving ribbons of color around in different patterns. It was beautiful, whatever it was.

She had never listened to music in this way before, trying to tease out the different parts. Songs had always just been something that she sang along to on the radio or in the shower. Here, though, there were only two strands to follow, and it was much easier for her to see how they worked together to form a cohesive whole.

Julian's hands came up to her br**sts and Shannon tilted her head back against his shoulder. Her heart was beating faster as he cupped her through her dress. His thumb slid over her full bosom, brushing against her nipple. She moaned.

"Pay attention," Julian said, his voice teasing. "This is the best part."

"You should stop distracting me if you want me to pay attention," Shannon said. She opened her eyes slightly and saw that Julian had his eyes closed as well. She felt a pang of anxiety in her at the sight. Was she not pretty enough? But then Julian hugged her close and nuzzled against her ear, and she forgot her nervousness. She closed her eyes again.

The guitars were rising now, their dance growing frantic. The melodies crashed together and then pulled apart again, drawing out the tension. The song grew louder and louder, and Shannon saw in her mind the strips of color tearing across a blank canvas, fighting for dominance as they grew louder, faster-

Then there was silence. Julian's hands were still caressing her br**sts, but the music had stopped.

"What happened?" Shannon asked. She twisted in Julian's arms.

"That's all I've got so far," Julian said.

"What do you mean, that's all you've got? It stopped right in the middle!"

"I can't figure out the transition to the next part," Julian said, laughing at her fierce tone.

"So you know what comes next?"

"I've got an idea."

"Well, then, play it for me!" Shannon turned on the couch and sat up.

"I can't," Julian said. "Not yet. Not until I have it all figured out."

Shannon crossed her arms.

"You," she said, narrowing her eyes, "are a goddamn tease."

Julian burst out laughing.

"I don't think anyone has ever accused me of that before," he said.

"Well, it's true."

"Oh, is it?" Julian put his arm around Shannon's shoulder, but she shrugged it off.

"Tease."

"Come on, beautiful," Julian said. "I'll write the end soon and let you listen to it. Nobody else has even heard the first part yet."

Shannon's heart jumped at his words. Both at the idea that she was beautiful, and at the idea that he would share something so private with her. Something that he hadn't shared with anyone else.

"I want to hear the end of that song."

"You will." Julian grabbed her hands and pulled her up off of the couch. She came reluctantly.

"Where are we going?"

"Well," Julian said, his arm around her, "I thought I should dispel all those terrible rumors."

"Rumors?" They were at a door, and Julian spun her around, pressing her up against the oak. He kissed her hard, and the ache of desire that ran through her made her instantly wet again. His hands ran down over her body, crumpling the shimmering fabric between his fingers. He lifted the hem of her dress slightly, running his hands along her buttocks. She squirmed.

"There's this terrible rumor going around," he said, whispering in her ear. "That I'm a tease."

Shannon blushed, but before she could say anything he had opened the door and they were stumbling into the bedroom. Julian lifted her onto the bed as though she were weightless, and she gasped at his strength. Then he was on top of her, kissing her, his legs pressing insistently between her thighs. Her dress was hiked up to her hips, and she felt herself burning with longing.

The bed was huge; she was like a miniature person lying atop the fluffy comforter. It was the most comfortable bed she had ever been on, and she writhed underneath Julian, letting her body sink into the padding. Then Julian pulled back and sat up.

"Look at you," he said. He gestured to the side of the room. The closet door was a giant sliding mirror, and in the dim lights Shannon could see herself lying down, Julian between her legs. She flushed. He was so handsome, and as he unbuttoned his shirt her lips parted slightly. Unconsciously her tongue flicked out and licked her lips.

He ripped off his shirt and tossed it to the floor. The man was built like a Greek statue, all muscle and no fat. Every part of him was toned and tan, the perfect model of a man. A rock star.

"Don't look at me," Julian said, watching her eyes in the mirror. "Look at you."

Shannon didn't want to. She tore her eyes away from Julian and prepared herself to look at her own reflection. When she did, she knitted her brows in a frown. Her thighs were humongous, and her stomach seemed to push out against the fabric of her dress in a stupidly unflattering way. Everything about her seemed wrong.

"It's all wrong," she whispered to herself.

Julian noticed her expression.

"Agreed," he said. "All wrong."

Shannon felt a lump rise into her throat. For the first time since she had arrived in the apartment, she felt confronted with her own appearance. She hated it.

"You have entirely too many clothes on," he said. "It's horrible."

Shannon smiled wanly and turned her eyes back to Julian. She wanted all of the lights to be off, she wanted the mirror gone. He reached down and unzipped her dress, pulling it up over her hips. She tilted herself back, letting him take off the slinky dress. His hand slid around her back and unhooked her bra expertly.

"We really need to fix this," he said. "What is all this fabric doing? It's in the way."

He threw the bra down next to where his shirt had landed. Shannon expected him to take off his own pants, to get it done quickly, but he just sat back after taking off her bra, staring down at her body.

She felt totally vulnerable. Even in the dim lights, she could see everything, every part of her that was wrong or bulging. Her arms came up awkwardly against her sides. She couldn't hide it. She felt invaded by his eyes.

"My god, you are gorgeous."

Shannon couldn't help but laugh once, hard.

"I think you need glasses," she said. There was no hiding the bitter note that crept into her voice.

"No." Julian shook his head decisively. "I could just look at you forever."

Shannon twisted uncomfortably on the bed.

"I'm sorry," Julian said. "I'm sorry. But you have to see what I see." His hands stroked her legs, her thighs. She thanked heaven that she had shaved earlier.

He bent forward and kissed her on the forehead. Her body relaxed slightly as she felt the warmth of his chest against hers. He caressed her cheek, gazing deeply into her eyes, then tilted her head towards the mirror.

"Look," he said. She could just make out the sliver of space between their bodies as she watched in the mirror.

"What do you see?" Her whisper was almost inaudible.

"The most beautiful woman in the world." He kissed her neck, his tongue sliding slowly across her skin. She felt her body stir with desire.

"Keep looking," he said. "Don't stop." She obeyed.

He bent over her and kissed the spot between her br**sts. She watched the mirror as he moved his mouth over her skin, his tongue circling her areola. His lips sucked hard at her nipple and she moaned. When he retreated, she could see the nipple perking up erect.

"These are perfect," he said. His large, strong hands cupped them and she watched as he pinched the erect nipple, rolling in between his fingers. She whimpered in agony. God, she was wet.

He licked them, kissed them, and as she watched in the mirror she felt the ache between her legs grow. It was almost as though she was watching porn, only no p*rn star was as handsome as Julian. Most guys skipped the foreplay when they took her home, and so this was a refreshing change, even if she did have to watch herself alongside him. It wasn't so bad, really. Especially now, when he wasn't looking directly at her.

Then he moved down farther, and before she could protest his face was buried in between her thighs. Colorful flashes obscured her vision and her back arched against the soft bed.

Oh god. Oh god oh god oh god oh god.

Never. Never anything like this. No guy had ever done this to her, not the first time, not without her having to beg and plead and reciprocate a dozen times over. This was... incredible.

His mouth sealed itself around her, his tongue moving slowly across the small hard nub that was sending electrical shocks of pleasure through every nerve ending she had. She writhed under his touch.

"Julian," she said. The words scratched at the air and her heart raced. Was this really happening?

It was - he was licking now, letting his tongue drag over her most sensitive regions, over and over again. The pressure eased and then bore down, and she felt as though she would explode with the ache of her desire. At every change in his tongue's direction her inner self twisted in pleasure, and no matter how she tried to suppress her body's wriggling she found that she could not.

"Such a perfect p**sy," Julian said. Shannon giggled. Then he breathed on her, right there, and she shivered at his breath which was warm against the cool air of the room.

"Everything about you is perfect," Julian said. He raised his head slightly and kissed her -oh god-on the stomach, and then he was bent down again and sucking hard and she cried out loud in blissful agony.

Shannon had kept her arms at her sides, but as she let herself give into her urges her fingers scrabbled at the blankets, twining themselves into the fabric. She longed to run her hands through his dark hair, but no, that would be too much. She couldn't.

Julian's hands were under her, lifting her ass and kneading the flesh in a slow massage. His tongue moved in circles around and around her clit, teasing her. He would push forward, then back away just as she felt that she was on the precipice. Her heart beat loudly in her ears and her breath caught in her throat on every other inhale as he moved his lips over her. He pulled away for a moment, and her heart skipped a beat in her chest.

"Julian," she moaned.

"Mmmmm," he hummed, his lips slightly touching her most private area and vibrating them with the shivers of his lips. It was indescribably delicious, but the touch was so light that she felt she would die if he stopped right then.

"Please," she gasped. "Oh god, please."

Julian reached over and took one of her hands from the bedspread, entwining his fingers around hers. He brought her hand to his head and she let her fingers slide through his perfect hair.

"Show me what you want," Julian said.

Then he bore down fully, his mouth sucking hard at her cl*t so that she cried out. Unconsciously, her other hand came up to his head as well and she gripped his hair tightly, her body twisting of its own accord under the incredible pressure.

"Oh god!" she cried out. She felt as though she would accidentally kick him, her muscles were twitching with such force. He did not stop licking her, his tongue now flicking her cl*t in a fluttering motion.

"Julian!" she moaned. She could feel it, feel herself coming to the edge. She was almost there. Almost-

He pulled away just as she was about to come, and she let out a gasping cry.

"No!" she cried. "Don't stop!" Her body was wracked with shivers of desire, the agonizing pain of want rippling through her nerves. Her hands pulled at his hair and her legs tightened around him. If she had not been so turned on, she would have been ashamed at how needy she was, but Julian seemed to enjoy it.

He paused to look up at her between her br**sts.

"God, you're beautiful. Tell me what you want."

"Please... please..." she whimpered. She craved the release, needed it. Needed him. Her hands were tearing at his hair, pulling at his shoulders.

"Yes?"

"More," she gasped. "Just a little more."

"Anything for you," he said. He bent his head and renewed his task with full vigor, and Shannon was immediately propelled back up into the heights of pleasure.

"Oh god," she moaned. "Yes. Oh god yes, right there." She had never been one to talk in the bedroom, had always felt embarrassed about her moans and noises. For whatever reason, here on the soft bed of a famous rock star, she felt something inside her shake free of its chains and break loose.

"YES!" She screamed aloud as Julian sucked hard. She did not even try to suppress the thrills running through her body. "OH YES!" She was rising higher, higher than ever before, and she knew that the orgasm that would soon hit her was going to shake her to the core.

Then Julian plunged two fingers into her wet, dripping slit, and she came immediately, her moans and screams sounding alien to her, far away. Her entire body shuddered and clenched around him, and he worked his fingers deeper, pressing out so that she was filled completely.

The waves of her orgasm did not seem to ever stop. Julian's lips were sucking her cl*t hard and her body rocked against him, arching and twisting as she moaned his name. Her blood was pumping through her veins and she shivered, coming again and again as he pressed his fingers into her.

"Julian, oh god! Julian!"

Her breath was ragged against the air when she finally felt the orgasm subside. Julian wiped his mouth against his arm and bent over, kissing her there once more, lightly. She shivered, now ticklish in every nerve down there.

Oh god, what he must think of her? Screaming like that... moaning his name? But when Julian slid next to her, wrapping one arm under her body, she saw that he was smiling. She rolled over slightly with him and he kissed the back of her neck.

"Shannon, you are so beautiful," he murmured. She looked up. The mirror was right in front of her, but she could not even recognize herself in it. Her hair was mussed, her face flushing red with the heat of her orgasm, but she looked... beautiful.

His hand slid up and down the side of her hip, caressing her skin, and she felt at that moment that she could do anything, be anyone. It was impossible, but here they were. She was in Julian Bremmer's arms, and she looked beautiful.

"You taste so good," he whispered into her ear. She felt her body shiver again, as though another small orgasm was shaking her. "So hot."

Shannon had never imagined a man who could be turned on by going down on her, but Julian was stroking her, caressing her, and she knew that he was telling the truth. He kissed her neck again and she moaned.

"Oh, Julian." She began to turn around so that she could return the favor, but he stopped her.

"Let's just lie like this for a while," Julian said.

"You don't want..." Shannon trailed off. In her heart a twinge of pain made her wince and a hundred ugly questions reared up. She had fought so hard to keep her anxiety at bay, but it was like the mythical hydra - every time she thought she had cut down one of her insecurities, two more rose to take its place.

Did he think she was ugly?

Was he not turned on?

Did he just not want her? Would anyone ever really want her?

"You don't want to..." She tried again to say the words, but her throat seemed to be closed. Ridiculous - a second ago she had been sure of his affection, but now she couldn't even bring herself to ask him if he wanted to f**k her.

"I do," Julian said, hugging her tight. He kissed her temple. "Just not tonight. Not right now."

"Why?"

As soon as the word came out, Shannon knew she had messed up. Julian's face dropped and Shannon tried to repair the damage.

"I don't mean... I only wanted to..."

Julian shook his head and smiled again, and Shannon's heart unclenched a bit in her chest.

"Don't worry, Shannon," he said. "It's just that I'm really tired from the show, and the band is traveling tomorrow."

"Tomorrow?"

Julian stroked her hair with his fingers.

"We have two more stops on the tour."

Shannon wanted to ask if she would see him again, but she worried about sounding needy. He answered her unspoken question with a kiss.

"Please, please don't worry. I want you," he said, kissing her shoulder. "I want to be with you again. And I want to f**k you like crazy." He grinned, and Shannon flushed a bit, giggling.

"Do you always get what you want?" Shannon teased. She felt so much better, so relieved. He did want her. Of course he was tired.

"Always," Julian said, hugging her. He wrapped his body around her, curling her tightly to his chest in post-coital bliss. "Do you need to wake up for anything? Class?"

"No," she said. She would take tomorrow off and spend her hours dreaming about what had just happened. It already felt unreal to her, like an image through a lens. She heard him yawn behind her.

"Goodnight then, sexy redhead."

"Goodnight, sexy rock star."

Shannon looked at herself in the dimly lit mirror. Her body was covered by the sheets but she could still make out the line of her shoulder, dipping down to her waist and then back up to her hip. Julian's dark hair lay tousled over the pillow, his arm slung across her curves under the covers. His chest rose and fell, and she could feel him easing steadily into the rhythm of sleep behind her.

What next? she thought, then mentally kicked herself for being ridiculous. There was nothing that came next, just an awkward conversation and shuffle out the door in the morning. It wasn't as though a girl like her could ever be the girlfriend of a rock star. And yet...

She looked again in the mirror. Julian's body fit against hers like they were two pieces of a puzzle. Her hair was a dark ruby red in the dim light, and for a split second she glimpsed the beauty that Julian saw in her. Sexy redhead, indeed. Her eyelids drooped down sleepily as she fell out of one dream and into another.

