I'm not the crying type. I've been through too much in my life to go bawling every time something shitty happens. I cried when my dad died a few years ago, and I cried when my dog died when I was thirteen. Not much else in between, mainly because everything else in my life just kept coming, one thing after another, and if I started crying, I'd never have stopped.

I sobbed all the way from New York to Detroit. I did it quietly, face to the window. My seat mate, an older woman with salt and pepper hair and a ridiculously adorable button nose, asked me what was wrong, but I just shrugged and kept my face to the window, watching the clouds pass by. She sighed and muttered something rude, then went back to her issue of People.

I wasn't sure exactly what I was going to do in Detroit. I knew I had to face Jeff, but I couldn't bear the thought of doing so right away. I knew I'd hurt him badly. I knew he'd be pissed when I finally got the balls to talk to him. Knowing Jeff, he wouldn't have a lot to say, but his thick, tense silence would speak volumes.

When my plane landed, I had no one to pick me up. My mom lived in Flint, and we didn't get along. Jeff was part of my problems. The only choice left was Jamie. She showed up an hour and a half after I landed. I spent most of that time in a little bar, nursing a margarita and attempting to get a hold of my crazed emotions.

A part of me wanted to fly straight back to New York and punch Chase in the face. Another part wanted to give him a chance to explain. The third part of me wanted to run to Jeff and beg him to take me back. The fourth and, at that moment, the strongest part wanted to just forget both of them and bury my head in the sand.

Being pulled in four different directions emotionally is confusing and exhausting.

Jamie is really my only friend aside from Jeff. We've been roommates for nearly three years now, through two moves, several tragedies between the two of us, and innumerable break-ups, mostly on her end. She's a serial dater. She's the girl who has a new boyfriend every few weeks or months, but nothing is ever serious and she rarely ever gets truly emotional about breaking up with them. They're just hook-ups for her. I've never understood how she can go from guy to guy and not get attached. She claims they're fun for a while, but then she gets bored.

I'm not that type. I get attached. My thing with Chase should've been just a fling: fun for a while, then over. I shouldn't have been devastated when I found him in the alley with those girls. But I was. I felt betrayed and confused. And now, with a couple thousand miles between us, I realized I'd been stupid to think it ever could have been anything for Chase but what it was: a fun distraction. He talked a good game, made it seem like he realy cared, like it meant something to him.

He was a rock star, and I was his flavor of the week.

I'd turned my phone on to cal Jamie, after having turned it off in the airport so I wouldn't hear Chase's deluge of texts and calls trying to explain away his bullshit.

I scrolled through the missed call log: he'd called me eighteen times and left ten voicemails. I dialed my voicemail and started hitting the "seven" button: delete, delete, delete. I couldn't help hearing snatches of the messages:

"Anna, I know what you think you saw, but please, give me a chance to explain. It wasn't-"

Delete.

"Goddammit, Anna. You have to listen. Please answer the phone-"

Delete.

"Seriously, Anna. It's not what you thought. I swear-"

Delete.

"Anna, for fuck's sake-"

Delete.

"Anna, this is the last message I'll leave. You're not answering, and your phone's going straight to voicemail, so I'm guessing you're not even listening to these. You're making a mistake. This is all a misunderstanding. I didn't do anything with those girls. They threw themselves at me. I would never...I care about you...I lo-"

Delete.

Oh, yeah. He went there.

I was shaking with rage, standing at the curb waiting for Jamie's battered blue Buick LeSabre. He wanted me to believe it was all them?

Horseshit. I wanted to throw the phone across the road and watch it smash, but I didn't, because I couldn't afford a new one. I deleted his twenty-three texts unread.

I had one message that I hadn't read yet. I'd seen the unread mail icon but ignored it while I was in New York. It wasn't a text; it was an email.

From Jeff.

Anna:

I don't blame you for going to New York. Seriously. I get it. I'm not saying I like it, or that I'm not hurt, but I get it. Just be smart, okay? Don't let yourself get hurt. I don't know this Chase fella, and I'm not going to butt into your business, when you clearly don't want me in it. Just be careful. I don't know what I'm trying to say.

Here's my point. I'm your friend, aside from anything else. If things don't work out for you, or if they do, I'll still be your friend. I can't guarantee anything else, but at the very least, I'll be your friend. And your business partner.

I guess that's all.

Jeff

It was dated the day I left for New York. It made my eyes burn. I'd gotten my crying jag under control, but reading Jeff's email made tears prick my red and burning eyes all over again.

Stupid Jeff. He should be pissed off. He should be too angry to want to see me ever again. He had to know why I went to New York, what I was doing with Chase. He'd admitted in his roundabout Jeff sort of way to being hurt; for him to admit that in writing meant he was very deeply wounded.

But he was stil wil ing to be my friend and business partner? How the hell was that possible? If he'd done that to me, I'd never have spoken to him again. He was a better person than I, apparently.

The racketing roar of a car without a muffler disrupted my thoughts. Jamie's LeSabre pulled up next to me. The trunk popped, and Jamie hopped out. She was a few inches shorter than me, making her not quite five-seven, and she was built a bit more wil owy and svelte than me, which always made me jealous. She wore most of her weight in her h*ps and br**sts, which were more than ample. She often talked, only halfway joking, about getting a breast reduction, if only to save her some back pain. She was a natural redhead, pure Irish orange-copper locks fal ing past her shoulders in absurdly perfect waves, and pale cornflower-blue eyes, freckles, the whole nine yards.

When I said she was willowy and svelte, that was relatively speaking. She's stil what most people would cal "plus-size." Which is why she's my best friend. We understand each other. We tel each other, when life hands us pain due to the fact that we're not diet-obsessed stick figures, that God just gave us an extra portion of awesomeness. And then we watch Breakfast at Tiffany's and share a pint of Ben and Jerry's, washed down with a bottle of wine.

In this moment, with Chase in New York and Jeff shoved aside until I had the courage to face him, Jamie was the only person I could stomach.

She was my only real family, and the one person who'd understand what I needed in that moment: cupcakes and alcohol.

She had a six-pack of Tim Horton's muffins (three left) and a grande skinny mocha waiting for me. Yeah, she's that kind of friend.

"I honestly didn't expect you to come back," Jamie said as I slid into the passenger seat.

The engine roared, and I held onto my mocha with one hand and the oh-shit bar with the other. Jamie is an...exuberant driver.

"I'm not sure I did, either," I answered, unwrapping the low-fat blueberry muffin.

"So what the hell happened?"

I ate the muffin and thought about how much to tell Jamie.

"Everything happened," I answered, after a few bites. "He took me backstage for a couple shows, which was awesome. We hung out a lot, which was also awesome. And then I caught him with some groupies in an alley. Which was not awesome."

Jamie frowned at my Spark's Notes version of events. "Come on, Anna. Spill. Don't be selfish with the gossip."

I rol ed my eyes. "It's not gossip, Jay. It's my life. And it hurt."

Jamie backhanded my shoulder. "I know. We can get to the hurt later. For now, tell me the good stuff. Is he good in bed?"

I realized I hadn't really talked to Jamie about Chase at all since I'd met him.

"He's...god, where do I start?" I closed my eyes and grabbed the oh-shit bar as Jamie merged onto the freeway. When we were cruising at a relatively tame eighty-five, I started talking again. "Chase is a rock star in every sense of the word. Nothing I've ever done, with anyone, can even remotely compare to Chase in bed."

"Is he big?"

I choked on my muffin. "I didn't exactly measure, Jay, but yes, he is. And that's all I'll say. A girl's gotta have some secrets."

"Not from your best friend, you don't. But seriously, if he's that good, why come home?"

"I told you, I found him porking some chicks in an alley."

Jamie frowned. "Are you sure? If he's as hot as you claim, which I wouldn't know because you wouldn't introduce me, then girls would be throwing themselves at him, right? So maybe it wasn't how it looked. Did you give him a chance to explain?"

I ignored the niggling worm of doubt in my gut. "I didn't need to. I know what I saw."

Jamie looked at me, and it wasn't a look I liked. "So you just left? You just got on a plane and left, without listening to anything he had to say?

Nothing?"

"Whose side are you on?" I suddenly wasn't interested in the other two muffins.

"I'm on yours, which is why I'm pissed off. You should have at least given him a chance." She narrowed her eyes at me, as if coming to a realization. "You ran because you like him. Right? It wasn't just the girls. That was an excuse. You have feelings for him."

"Feelings" was a swear word in Jamie's dictionary. Feelings led to pain, which she'd had enough of in her life. Just like me.

"I flew to New York on a whim to see him, Jamie. Yes, I have feelings for him."

Jamie gave me an exasperated look. "No, dumbass. You like him, like him. Meaning, you're worried you're falling in love with him, so you bolted."

The guardrail out my window was suddenly interesting. "No. That's not it."

Jamie shrieked, "It is! You love him. But you're chicken."

I rounded on her, pissed off now. "And you wouldn't be? If you found yourself falling in love with a guy way out of your league, you'd be shitting yourself, too, and you know it."

"True. But I'd be honest about it."

"And I'm not?"

Jamie didn't answer right away, tongue poking out the side of her mouth as she focused on weaving around a train of slow-going semis. When I could breathe again, and she had decelerated down to ninety, she gave me a serious look.

"No, you're not. You ran without telling him what you were feeling. Let's just say, just for argument's sake, that you're wrong about what you saw.

And let's say he invited you to New York because maybe, just maybe, he has feelings for you, too. And then some girls jumped him in the alley, and you walked out and saw something incriminating, and left without so much as a how-de-do. How would he feel, do you think?"

My stomach clenched. "Who the hell are you, and what did you do with my best friend? Because it sure as hell sounds like you're advocating a real relationship with actual feelings here."

Jamie kept her eyes on the road, both hands clenched on the steering wheel. I'd never seen Jamie use both hands to drive. She always had one hand on the gear shifter, even though her car was automatic.

"Listen, Anna. I know I'm like the all-time queen of humping and dumping guys. I act all 'fuck feelings' and whatever, and that's true enough. I mean, it's not an act. But, deep down, when I'm doing the walk of shame to my car at three a.m., I do wonder what it would be like to really have a guy care about me. Like, want me, and want me to stay over." She gave me long, sad look. "I find myself wondering what it would be like to have a guy want me for me, not just because I'm easy, you know?"

"You're not easy, Jay-"

"I am, too. I am and I like it that way. Usually. But sometimes, I wish a guy would see past the tits and ass. The problem is, I don't let them, because it keeps the ones who might feel something at bay."

"You've really thought about this, haven't you?"

She nodded, rubbing across her cheek with a forefinger. Almost like she was crying, which was absurd. Jamie didn't cry.

"Yeah, of course. More than I'd ever admit to." She looked at me, let me see the diamonds glittering in her eyes. "I'm just saying, Anna, if Chase was for real, then...I don't know. Maybe you should have given him a chance."

It was hard to breathe for a few minutes. This was the deepest Jamie had ever let me see into who she really was. I mean, best friends, yeah, but deepest, darkest, most vulnerable secrets? Not usually.

"It was more than that, Jay." I picked at the fraying seam threads of her leather seats between my thighs. "I was confused."

"Confused? By what?"

"I think...I thought-"

"Spit it out, sister."

I took a deep breath and said what I'd been worried about for days. "I have feelings for Jeff, too."

"Shit on a shingle."

"Exactly." I pulled my hair out of the ponytail and ran my fingers through it. "I think they both have feelings for me, too. Or...did. After leaving Jeff like I did, I'm not sure where that stands. I really made a mess of things."

Jamie took my hand and squeezed it. "When you said no one could compare to Chase in bed..."

I shook my head. "They're completely different. I don't know how to think about them at the same time, you know? It's like trying to compare apples and cheese."

"Apples and cheese go great together..." Jamie winked at me.

"Oh, hell no."

"It's never even crossed your mind?"

"Both of them at the same time?" I looked at her with horror. "You should know me better than that. I would never, could never, with anyone. Much less two men I care for. I don't know how you could do that and then look at either guy the same way again."

"You'd be surprised," Jamie said.

"You mean, you-?"

"ANYWAY," Jamie said, a little too loudly, "if they're so different, then it should make it easier to decide, right? Just pick the one you like sleeping with more."

"I wish it was that simple," I said. "I don't know how to explain it. Chase is wild. We do crazy things. Like...whoa. But Jeff? Jeff is just slow and sweet and...."

Jamie raised an eyebrow. "Keep going. Tell me about wild and crazy."

"Like, in the bathroom of a bar. And in a changing room. Tied up. Blindfolded."

"No f**king way. Blindfolded?" Jamie grinned at me, incredulous. "I've done it in public places before, no problem. Fun and risky, but whatever.

Old news, and gets uncomfortable, just like in cars. But, seriously? Blindfolded? Tied up? Tel me about it! What's it like?"

"Intense. Tied up requires serious trust. Even if you have a safeword, you have to trust him to listen if you use it. But god, is it hot. You have no idea what he's going to do next. You can't do anything back to him, you just have to lie there and let him do whatever he wants. He can make you wait for hours, if he has the patience. Blindfolded is different. Without sight, everything else is more vivid. Smell, hearing, touch..."

Jamie moaned and slid down low in her seat. "Okay, enough. You're making me horny and jealous. I don't have anyone I trust enough to do that with. Sounds incredible."

"It is."

"Soooo....what's the problem?"

"I didn't say there was a problem. I had no idea it could be like that. Just no clue."

"So, then, what about Jeff?"

I didn't answer for a long time. "With Jeff it's not as...exciting. Like, not as wild and unpredictable. But he's amazing, in his own way. It doesn't need to be crazy to be just completely satisfying, on a soul-deep level. He takes me places, emotionally and physically, where I didn't know two people could go together. It's just a totally different experience. I'm not sure I can describe it."

Jamie was silent for awhile. "So you have two amazing guys. Both have feelings for you, and you have feelings for both of them, but they're totally different."

"Basically. And I've messed it up with both of them. I mean, I'm not sold on Chase being innocent. But if he is...?"

"All you can do is make the best choice you can and try to fix things with whichever one you pick."

"It's a shitty choice. Whatever I do, someone gets hurt. And with Jeff, I'm not sure there's any picking left. I ran to New York to f**k Chase less than forty-eight hours after sleeping with Jeff. How does that not make me some kind of slut?"

"Beating yourself up won't help. And it wasn't like that."

"No? How was it then? I get a letter with a plane ticket. All the letter said was, 'I need to see you.' And I just went. Left Jeff just when things were getting interesting.

"By which you mean an emotional connection was starting?" Jamie said.

"Yeah, basically. I mean, with Jeff, I think there always was. I've known him for so long, and we know each other on a completely different level, you know? Jeff was my business partner, and besides you, my best and only other friend. Sleeping with him didn't change our friendship, really. It just...deepened it. At least, until I left. I don't know if there's anything left to go back to. He did send me an email saying he'd stil be my friend, but I don't know how far that goes. I really hurt him."

Jamie bit her lip. "He said that? In an email?"

I nodded. "Yeah. He sent it just after I left Detroit. I didn't see it until just now, though. I never really used my phone in New York."

"If he said that, that he's still your friend, then I'm willing to bet he's still in love with you. He'd give you a chance. I know Jeff well enough to know he'd probably forgive you."

"I'm not sure. And should he?"

"Of course he should. People do shitty things. You forgive them and move on."

"Is that why we never let anyone in? Because we forgive and move on?"

Jamie laughed. "Well, people that aren't us. We're messed up."

We rode in companionable silence for a while. We were nearly back to our apartment when Jamie spoke up again.

"So what are you going to do?"

I shrugged. "I don't know. I really don't."

"Well, don't wait too long. The longer you put it off, the harder it'll get."

"Yeah, you're right." I agreed with her out loud, but inside, I was wondering if maybe I should just pretend nothing had happened. Get a job somewhere else, stop DJ-ing so I didn't have to see Jeff, and move on with my life, without either man.

It was the coward's way out, but it would be easier than dealing with Jeff's hurt eyes and hard silence.

* * *

I hid in my room for two days, then took some independent DJ-ing jobs. I drank too much with Jamie. I ignored the waning amount of texts from Chase.

Basically, I tried to pretend nothing had happened, or would happen. I don't know if Jeff even knew I was back in Detroit.

With every passing day I wanted more and more to see Jeff, if only to apologize. Being here, in my apartment, passing places where I'd DJ-ed with him, places where we'd had dinner before work...it all made me realize what I'd given up with him.

A week passed. Jamie held her tongue untill I was halfway through the second week.

"Anna, you're being a coward and an idiot," she told me over our second bottle of two-buck Chuck. "If you don't woman up and do something besides avoid the situation, we're gonna be fighting. For real."

"I can't, Jay. I don't know what to do."

"Not doing anything isn't an option. You're better than this. If you don't want to be with either of them, fine. I think that's stupid, but it's your choice. If you have two men in love with you, you have to pick one of them, I'd think. It's hard enough to get one guy to feel something for you besides 'I want to f**k you.'" Jamie frowned at me in irritation. "Girl, I'm telling you as your friend, if you don't do something, you're gonna wake up one day and realize you made the biggest mistake of your life."

Her eyes welled up and she looked away, downed her glass of chardonnay. I suspected she was speaking from experience, but this seemed to be deeper than we'd gone. We'd always been "have a good time and don't talk about the past" kind of friends.

"What was his name?" I asked.

Jamie didn't answer for a long time. When she did, her voice was barely above a whisper. "Brian. We met a few months after I graduated from high school. My brother had just gone to jail. He'd gotten caught after a her**n-induced series of B and E's. Mom was high all the time, Dad was off with one of his hooker girlfriends. I had no one. No one came to my graduation, no one cared that I was valedictorian, despite not having parents who gave a shit. I'd known Brian all through high school, but in an opposite sides of the same circle of friends kind of way. Then, one day, I was out on the tracks, smoking down, feeling sorry for myself, wondering what the hell my life meant. Brian showed up, just swaggering down the tracks.

Long metal-band hair, all-black clothes, skin-tight jeans and combat boots and spiked bracelets, the whole bit. He saw me smoking, sat down next to me, and we shared the J together. Didn't talk until it was gone.

"He...he got me. Had a similar home situation, and we just kind of talked about it enough to realize we were like the same person, you know? I didn't feel as alone, suddenly. He turned into my best friend. My only friend. We were inseparable after that. I think I saw him every single day for, like, a year. It was just friendship at first. Then one day we got really high and split a forty. He had his own place with a buddy who was twenty-one, bought beer all the time. We lay in Brian's bed, smoking and drinking.

"I don't even remember how it happened. One second we were just blazing and talking and whatever, and then we were kissing and our clothes were off, and...it just happened. You know, I always call bullshit when people say, 'oh it was accident, it just happened.' And most of the time, it is bullshit. It was a choice, and you just chose not to stop it, because really, you wanted it, and the consequences didn't seem so bad in that moment.

But that night, with Brian, it really did just happen. I don't remember there ever being any sexual tension, or flirting, or whatever. It just...happened. I remember it all. Every sweet, incredible moment is burned into my brain forever.

"It freaked me the f**k out. I've got damage, Anna. You know that. I've got guy issues, and it all goes back to my dad not loving me or whatever.

I've had that shit psychoanalyzed dozens of times. Knowing why I've got issues doesn't make 'em go away. Well, Brian had mommy issues like I've got daddy issues, and together, it just made things impossible. He wanted to work it out, give it a try. We got each other, on a fundamental, emotional level. We didn't have to explain our walls and hot-button issues. And the sex was great. After that first time, we couldn't stop, you know?

We just kept f**king every chance we got. But it was never any deeper than that, as in we never talked about what our relationship was, or about our feelings. Well, when he finally confronted me on the issue, told me we had to either talk it out or stop seeing each other...I bolted.

"He chased after me for weeks. Called me, hunted me down wherever I went, told me loved me, wrote me songs. I pushed him away. Finally he took the hint and left me alone. Forever. And now, every day, I realize what a mistake I made. I should have let him love me, should've tried, shouldn't have been such a goddamned coward. It's too late, though. I tried. I looked for him, and I actually found him, but he'd gotten engaged to this great girl, and he was happy and just looked at me all sad, like, 'Too late, baby. Your loss.'"

Jamie had never talked about herself that much at once in al the time I've known her. She stood up and left, went into the bathroom and stayed there for a long time. Crying, probably. Getting it out in private.

When she came back, her eyes were red but she was back to normal. "Anyway, all that with Brian is the reason I am like I am. My therapist used to tel me the reason I go through guys like I do is because I'm looking for Brian, or someone like him."

"Is that why?" I asked.

She nodded. "Pretty much. I mean, do I look at every guy I go out with and ask myself if he's like Brian, or compare them to see if he matches up to Brian? No, not consciously. But I think down deep, subconsciously or whatever, I dismiss the guy before I've given him a chance just because he's not Brian and never will be. The problem is, Brian is gone. No one will ever be him. Someday I'm going to have to let go of him and my idea of a guy based on him. I think maybe I keep hoping some man will come along and just sweep me away, but so far, it hasn't happened, and I'm starting to wonder if it ever will."

"Let me ask you something, Jay. If a guy did come along who was somehow just different from all the others, would you let him sweep you away?

Because so far, in my experience, it's not that easy. Getting swept away is scary, in reality. It's not all love stories and fairy tales." I looked at her over the rim of my wine glass. "You don't know what's happening, and everything you feel is freaking intense as hell, and nothing makes any sense and it's just...scary. It's not like, oh, hey, hot guy who likes me, let's go live happily ever-f**king-after. When you're as damaged as we are, a guy tries to sweep you away and you're like oh, hell no, I'm running. Screw this. I'm gonna go back to what's familiar."

Jamie nodded. "Yeah, that sounds about right." She smiled at me. "So if you've got that much figured out, then why haven't you done anything about Jeff or Chase?"

"Because I'm scared shitless, that's why." I laughed. "Avoiding them both is easier than being rejected. I hurt them, and now I don't have the guts to ask for forgiveness."

Jamie frowned, pointed at me with the index finger wrapped around her wine glass. "Well, woman the hell up, chica. You've fought off guys in bars, broken cue sticks and beer bottles over the heads of drunk a**holes, and been through more insane shit than most guys I know and come through fine. Well, mostly fine. The point is, don't let this own you, girl. I'm serious. If you let this go, we'll be for real fighting. Don't be an idiot. Find Jeff and apologize and beg him, on your hands and knees, to take you back. Or fly to New York and get Chase to take you back. Something.

Anything. Get them both here and have a threesome. Don't just sit around with your head up your ass. That's the only wrong choice in this situation."

She didn't give me a chance to respond. She downed her wine and wove her way unsteadily into her bedroom.

"I'm right, Anna, and you know it. Get off your ass. Right now."

"I'm drunk right now," I pointed out.

"Well, tomorrow, then. Drunk is never the right time to make major life decisions. Talk about major life decisions, yes. Do something about them?

Not s'much. G'night, Anna."

"Night." I watched her flop onto her bed and start snoring immediately.

I've always envied her ability to go right to sleep. It always takes me a while, even drunk. I finished my wine, set her glass and mine by the sink, turned off the lights and shut Jamie's door. Alone, the silence was deafening. I heard Jamie's words in my head, rolling over and over: Do something, anything. Get off your ass, girl.

I lay down in bed and stared at the ceiling, thinking.

Enough running, Anna. No more cowardice.

I told myself I was going to call Jeff in the morning. Better yet, go to his house. Face him in person.

Oh, hell.

* * *

Jeff's Yukon was in his driveway, his front door was open, and I could see him through the storm door, sitting at the kitchen table in front of his laptop. My stomach was in my throat, my heart pounding in my chest like a high school drum line.

I was in my car, willing myself to get out. It wasn't working. My feet were planted to the floorboard, my ass rooted to the ripped cloth seat. My eyes were already burning, my throat thick, my hands trembling.

I had no idea what I was going to say.

Jeff's back was to me and he had earbuds in, so he didn't see me pull up in his driveway or hear my car rattle down the street. He was oblivious.

Would he slam the door in my face? Would he lead me inside and tell me he forgave me?

I forced myself out of the car. Took a step. Another. A third, and then I was at the door, the glass pane rattling under my trembling knuckles. Jeff looked over his shoulder, the pen in his mouth dropping to the floor.

He pulled the earbuds out of his ears and tossed them aside, closed the laptop, and moved across the smal living room. He stopped in front of the door, his features schooled into neutrality. No anger showed, no sadness or condemnation. Blank.

After an eternity, he opened the door, but he didn't let me in. He stepped out onto the concrete slab that was his front porch. My eyes were blurry and stinging for some reason. I wasn't crying, though. Really.

Okay, so maybe I was, a little.

A long, fraught silence hung between us.

"Jeff, I-I'm sorry. I just wanted to stop by and say that I'm back in Detroit, and-I don't know." I couldn't look at him. "That's it, I guess."

He hadn't said anything yet, hadn't even changed his blank expression. I turned to leave, heart heavy and cracking.

I felt his hand wrap around my elbow. "Anna, wait." I tried not to let hope blossom too fully in my chest. "Why don't you come in and have some coffee?"

It was two in the afternoon, but for Jeff, coffee was an all-day thing. Leftover habit from the Army, I guess. I nodded and followed Jeff inside. I'd only been gone a few days, but it felt like longer. It felt like a lifetime. I realized, as I watched his broad back retreat into the kitchen, how very much I'd missed him. Had going to New York been the worst mistake of my life? It was hard not to think so, in light of my feelings of Chase's betrayal, whether he was guilty or not.

I sat down at the little round table, remembering breakfast here with Jeff, after what had been one of the best nights of my life. It hadn't been wild or acrobatic or daring, just satisfying on an emotional level. It was companionship.

I'd left it all behind for a few days of fun that hadn't panned out into more. And what if it had? What if I'd just stayed in New York with Chase? He'd be a huge rock star someday soon, traveling the world, playing shows in exotic locations. It was just a matter of time. Would I have gone with him?

Stood backstage and watched every show every day for months on end? Sat in hotel rooms, waiting for him to get back? Attended insane after-parties like the one in New York? Would any of that have fulfilled me? Would he have been faithfull all that time?

There were too many questions pounding in my head, and Jeff was sitting across from me, a huge mug with the U.S. Army logo stamped on it held in both of his hard, calloused hands.

"New York didn't work out for you, huh?" Jeff asked.

I shook my head. "I don't want to talk about New York."

Jeff's eyes narrowed. "He hurt you."

A short, tense silence, in which I tried to keep my feelings bottled up inside where they belonged. I couldn't just dump it all on Jeff.

"I said I don't want to talk about New York. I came to apologize for hurting you, and that's it. I-I didn't mean to hurt you. That doesn't help, I guess, but I had to say it." I sipped my coffee to buy time to think, burning my tongue. "I got your email when I got back in to Detroit. I don't know how you can say you're still my friend after the way I-after I-"

Jeff interrupted. "Anna, you'll always be my friend. You can't hurt me bad enough to kill that. I care about you. No matter what."

"You're a better person than I am," I said. "I'm not sure I could do the same, if the situations were reversed."

"I don't buy that," Jeff said. "You're a good person."

"No, I'm not. I wouldn't have left if I was."

"Well ..." Jeff seemed conflicted. "You did leave. It did hurt. But does that make you a bad person? That's not for me to judge."

"This is a confusing conversation. I just came to apologize. I'm not...I'm not trying to get-to ask you to..." I couldn't get the words out.

I stood up and walked to the sliding glass door, watching a robin hop across Jeff's backyard. Jeff was making me even more mixed up inside. He seemed both deeply hurt and impossibly understanding. I didn't know how to deal with either one, much less both at once.

"To what?" Jeff said. "You're not asking me to what? Spit it out."

I shook my head. "No. It's stupid to think of it, and not gonna happen. I don't deserve it, and I don't even know if I want it."

"Say it."

"No." I felt Jeff coming up behind me, standing an inch away, his body heat radiating into me, not touching me, his breath ruffling my hair. "Don't, Jeff. I apologized, and now I'm leaving."

"You didn't apologize," Jeff said. "Just told me you were sorry. That's not an apology."

I turned around, angry now. "You want me to say the words? Fine. Jeff, I apologize for hurting you. Please forgive me." The words started out angry, irritated, but ended up as a cracked-voice sob.

Jeff's hands clutched my shoulders, held me at arm's length. "I forgive you, Anna." His dark eyes pierced into mine, a welter of emotion in his gaze.

"You shouldn't."

He laughed. "Of course I should. Friends forgive each other."

"Okay. So now what?"

"You tell me."

"It's not that easy," I said. "You can't just say 'I forgive you' and have everything go back to the way it was."

"Of course not," Jeff said. "But it's a start."

Jeff sat down at the table again and sipped his coffee. I joined him, and we drank in silence.

"What happened?" Jeff asked.

"You don't want to know."

"Sure I do. You're my friend. Something happened to rile you up and send you back to Detroit."

"Jeff, you really don't want to know. We're more than friends, and you know it. At least, we were. I don't know what we are now, but you don't want to know about New York."

"Don't tell me what I want," Jeff growled, anger final y showing in his voice. "We were more than friends. We stil are. Now tell me what the f**k happened in New York."

"What do you want to know?" I felt myself on the verge of exploding, and I couldn't stop it. "Do you want to hear that Chase and I f**ked like bunnies? That it was crazy and wild and I never wanted to stop? Or do you want to hear that even when I was with him I couldn't stop thinking about you? That I felt guilty with him because it felt like cheating on you? Is that what you want?"

"Anna, I-"

"Or would you like me to get more detailed? Do you want a play-by-play description of positions? Is that it? What do you want, Jeff? You can't honestly still want me after this, can you? What was it you said before we ever hooked up? Oh, yeah, I remember. You said you didn't want Chase's sloppy seconds. Well, I've got news for you, Jeff. That's what you'll be getting. Chase's really sloppy f**king seconds."

Jeff's eyes wavered, angry, hurt, confused, and still pinning me to the wall with impossible understanding. "Anna, now hold on, I already told you, I didn't mean that-"

I didn't let him finish yet again. "You want to know what happened? Why I came back? I found Chase in an alley after his show with a couple of girls al over him. I bolted. I didn't give him a chance to explain. I just left. I was on a flight home within two hours. It just made me so mad. It may not have been what I thought it was, because girls have a tendency of throwing themselves at Chase." I looked away. "Just like I did."

"Fuck," Jeff sighed. "The way I saw it, he threw himself at you. Granted, I didn't see it all, but that's the impression I got. He didn't seem like your type, to be honest."

"My type?"

"Yeah, I mean, he's all pretty boy rock star or whatever, and I've never seen you go after guys like that."

"Because I never thought I was enough for a guy like him."

"Damn it, Anna. You're beautiful. I know you have a hard time believing that, or seeing it in yourself, but it's true." Jeff touched my jaw, turning my gaze back to his. " I see it, Anna. You were always enough for me."

"Even after-"

"Yes. I'm not saying I'm not hurt and pissed off at you. I am. What I'm saying is, I'd be willing to try, if you were. If you want to give Chase another chance, then I guess that's your choice. I wouldn't, personally. I mean, even if it wasn't like you thought, and he wasn't really doing anything, he'd end up doing it one day. No guy can have women throw themselves at him like that and not give in sometime."

I didn't know what to say. Was he serious?

"Jeff, I-I don't know."

"You don't have to know right now," Jeff said. "Hell, I'm not even sure. I know I care about you. I know I'm sorry you got hurt. I know I've really missed you."

"Do you feel like I betrayed you?"

Jeff sighed. "Yeah, kinda." He refilled his coffee and spoke without looking at me while doctoring it. "I felt like we had a damn good thing going, and it could've been more, could've been even better. But then that pretty boy sends you one stupid letter and you run off to him without a second thought."

He sat down and looked at me. "Listen, I do understand. It was one of those things where you would've spent your whole life wondering 'what if.'

You had to find out. Now you know, and you can move on."

"You're amazing, Jeff. I don't know what to say." I couldn't believe he was even giving me the time of day.

"I care about you. I'm not saying I'l trust you all the way again right off the bat. We'd have to take things slow for a while, because I am stil a bit sore, you know? But you're back, and I...I just can't seem to picture my life without you in it, somehow."

I couldn't help crying at that. It was quiet tears, slow and burning down my face.

"Don't cry, Anna. You're gonna be fine. We'll be fine. One day at a time, okay?"

"I've been back for almost two weeks, you know that? I've spent every moment wondering what you'd say, how you'd react, thinking you'd be so mad."

"What, you think I'd yell at you? Scream and call you names?" Jeff seemed almost insulted by the thought.

"Well, I don't know! All I knew was I'd hurt you, and I didn't deserve-"

"Forget the talk about deserving. We are who we are. People who really love us wil do so even when we hurt them."

"So you love-"

"Let's go get something to eat," Jeff interrupted. "I'm hungry."

It was awkward at first. We drove in Jeff's truck, a tense silence between us. Neither of us knew what we were, where we really stood. We hadn't settled anything, real y. We'd just sort of...stopped talking about it. What else was there to say, really, though? Either things would work out, or they wouldn't. No amount of talking would get us past what had happened.

The funny thing was, I realized as we sat down together at Max and Erma's, we'd both just kind of assumed we'd try to...not pick up where we'd left off, but move on, be together in some way.

Jeff didn't bring up New York or Chase again. He talked about some interesting DJ gigs he'd done, did a few funny impressions of a drunk guy trying to sing "Brown-Eyed Girl," which was a song he hated, even when done by Van Morrison, and even more so when butchered by some wasted bar patron.

We'd always been comfortable together, an easy come-and-go to our conversations, silence that could stretch out for long periods of time without either of us needing to fil it with aimless chatter. At first, things were stilted, hesitant, and difficult. Awkward at best. But by the time we were done with our burgers and were sharing a brownie sundae, we were finding our old rhythms, our previous comfort.

Once again I was struck by how long it had seemed we'd been apart. So much had changed. I had changed, somehow. I didn't see Jeff as a given commodity. That's really the truth of it. Jeff had been a consistent part of my life for so long that I had taken him for granted, assumed he'd be there no matter what. And then I left for New York on a whim, and somewhere along the way I realized he might not always be there, that maybe I'd pushed him away.

The thought of Jeff not being in my life, of not having his quiet, steady presence to rely on, scared me. He belonged in my life. I couldn't fathom working a gig without him to help set up. Couldn't fathom waking up and not being able to call him, or have lunch with him.

He was giving me another chance, and I vowed to not mess it up.

* * *

A little over two and a half weeks passed in which Jeff and I spent a lot of time together, as just friends-albeit friends with sexual chemistry sparking at every moment, in everything we did. Every conversation was rife with innuendo. Every touch threatened to ignite an inferno between us.

The breaking point came during a shift DJ-ing at a Mexican place in Lake Orion two weeks later. We set up, ran through the first set without a problem. Some good singers did their numbers, and of course, as the night went on, some drunks did the usual murder to "Sweet Home Alabama" and "Margaritaville."

We took our break, ran a few more numbers, and then, as the fil music was playing between numbers, a guy maybe thirty-five or so sidled up to Jeff and me. He was tall, with brown hair and a goatee, a western-style shirt with pearl snap buttons and pointed breast pockets, a huge belt buckle, and cowboy boots, complete with a Stetson. His wife was sitting at a round high-top table, similarly decked out, but with jean skirt.

The gentleman leaned an elbow on the mixing board and addressed Jeff. "Can I make a special request?"

"Sure," Jeff said, setting a pencil and request slip down in front of the man and pointing at the songbook. "We've got plenty of country songs to choose from."

"Hell, no. I don't want to sing, and you don't want me to. I can guaran-damn-tee you that. If I get started, I'll clear the place in three bars flat."

"Wel , then, what can I do for you?" Jeff asked.

"I want you and the lady here," he said, pointing at me, "to sing a song together. It's my wife and I's tenth anniversary today, and we'd sure appreciate hearing our favorite song."

My wife's and my, I mentally corrected, but didn't say out loud.

"Well, if we know it, we'll sing it," Jeff said.

"We'd like to hear 'Let's Make Love' by Tim McGraw and Faith Hil ."

Jeff cast a glance at me. We knew that song. We'd listened to it just the other day, trundling down a narrow dirt track road in the middle of Milford, cruising and listening to music. The harmony fit our voices perfectly, and then, in the car, it had been hard enough to ignore the lyrics and keep driving.

Performing it together would be...intense.

"We know it," Jeff answered. "We'll sing it. And congratulations. Ten years together. That's really awesome."

"It takes a lot of hard work, a lot of compromise, and a lot of forgiveness," the man said, clapping Jeff on the shoulder. "If you love her, show her. That's the real trick. It takes a real man to let his feelings show to his wife."

Jeff just nodded and sent the man on his way back to his table. He hopped onto the high chair and flung his arm around his wife's shoulders, nuzzling her neck and whispering something in her ear that made her giggle and swat him on the arm.

Tapping a few commands into his laptop, Jeff brought up the song track and lyrics. We'd spent a lot of time over the last few weeks converting all our old CDs to digital tracks, so now we just had one laptop as opposed to several huge binders of discs. Jeff handed me one of the cordless mics, and we stepped out onto the stage together as the opening strains of the song came up.

* * *

In my mind, I see the music video: black and white images, a lovely blonde woman and a rugged, handsome man in a cowboy hat and duster dancing in front of the Eiffel Tower. The chemistry between the pair, as they dance together and begin singing, is clearly not acted, or performed, but real and genuine. It makes the lyrics of the song that much more powerful.

Jeff's clear tenor starts in, a bit low for his register but on key and...god, he's never sounded better. His eyes fix on mine, and his hand reaches for me. Sparks fly as his palm brushes across mine, our fingers tangle, and he turns to face me, no need for the prompter or the crowd-gone silent now, caught up in the moment, as I am. My part comes, and I hear my voice rising up, pitch-perfect and clarion clear, and I know I'm on, I can feel the rightness in my bones, I can feel the music boiling in my blood and the buzz of adrenaline from performing, even for the hundred or so bar patrons.

None of that matters, though, because it's the song, the lyrics, the moment. Jeff is clutching my hand, pul ing me close, our bodies almost touching, our eyes locked as if connected. I couldn't look away from him if I wanted to. This is beyond chemistry, beyond spark.

Something is happening, in this moment, as I sing, as he sings, as we harmonize, as the music coils around us like serpents of visible flame, burns through us like dulcet fire.

They say the eyes are the window to the soul; as we sing, those windows are flung open and our souls col ide. It's the kind of moment you never forget. The song doesn't end, in my memory. It just keeps going, and we keep singing. Our hands are joined, we're singing from one mic, the crowd is stunned, eyes are glistening.

The couple who requested the song, the cowboy and his wife, they're dancing together in front of their table. No one else is dancing, or even moving at al . Even the bartenders and the servers are paused, trays of drinks set down, pints of beer half-fil ed. A few cooks are even peeking out from the doors of the kitchen. The couple dances, cheeks pressed together, heads inclined a little, bodies pressed close into a hold that's more embrace than anything else. They dance slowly, swaying in gradual circles. You can feel the love pouring between them, and you can't help but wonder what it must feel like to love someone that hard. How wel must they know each other by now? Ten years of every single day? Ten years of conversation shared, secrets spil ed, fears faced, and love made? They must be nearly one person by now, a single whole made from two inseparable halves.

Ten years is a long time to love someone. Your biological family is different, you know? They have to love you. Or, they're supposed to, but they don't always, which makes it even worse, I think. But to choose someone, one man, one woman, out of the thousands and mil ions of people in the world, al the different individuals you could love, could be with, you've chosen that one person, and you've stuck with them for an entire decade.

You hear about people being married for twenty, forty, sixty years. I can't fathom that, not in any sense. Ten years I can imagine. I've known Jeff for six years. I can see us spending another ten together, if I don't f**k it up.

Our song, in reality, does end. The music fades away, and Jeff and I continue to hold hands. Our eyes are locked, mics held down by our sides.

The crowd is stil silent, as if waiting.

I'm waiting, too, I realize. I'm holding my breath, looking up at Jeff with his dark eyes glittering into mine.

He kisses me, a slow inevitability, lips touching in hesitant tenderness. His hand drifts up to my face, cups my cheek, thumb brushing my ear, and then the hand holding the mic is wrapping around my back and holding me closer, tighter, and the kiss is going deeper, and the crowd, silent, watching us kiss, seems to know better than to even breathe.

* * *

Time stopped for that kiss, I swear. Time was stopped for the whole song, and that kiss was part of it. When we broke apart, the crowd burst into frenzied cheering, clapping, whistling. The cowboy and his wife approached us, shook Jeff's hand, and gave me a hug.

"That was the best anniversary present we've ever gotten," the cowboy said. "I swear, y'all sounded just like Tim and Faith, if not better."

"Thanks," Jeff said. "Congratulations again."

"No reason for congratulations," the wife said. "It's just love."

The couple left then, but before they were out the door, the woman came back and leaned close to me. "That boy loves you, honey. Don't let him get away."

The same thought had crossed my mind.

We finished the shift, energy and tension sparking between us. Every time our fingers touched, every time our eyes met, I saw him in the shower, nak*d body heavy with muscle and dripping with rivulets of steaming water. I felt him above me in his wide, soft bed, dark eyes burning into mine as he moved, his rippling muscles pulsing his thick manhood into me.

It had been over a month since I left New York, and almost six weeks since that night in the hot tub. That was the one moment I saw in my mind, in my dreams, more than any other. Jeff, his solid bulk beneath me in the boiling water, our bodies moving in synchronized splendor, heat throbbing between us, fragments of our souls merging in the cool of the night and the spark of the stars and the thrum of our united passions.

I wanted him, so badly. We'd waited, through some kind of unspoken agreement, putting time between us and...al that. I didn't think I could wait any longer. Not now, not with the incredible performance we'd just shared, that song, those lyrics.

Jeff seemed to feel it, too. He got the equipment put away in record time, and we took our pay and left, not stopping for a drink or two like we usually did. The other gigs we'd done together in the past couple weeks, we'd had a couple of drinks, or gone to get some late night food. We hadn't gone back to either of our places.

Now, we stood by our cars, keys in hand, mere inches separating us.

"Thought maybe you'd come over for a bit," Jeff said, after a pregnant silence.

My lip curled in amusement. "Just for a bit?"

Jeff's eyes glinted his amusement. "Yeah. Just for a bit. I need my beauty rest, you know."

"Yeah, you sure do. Wouldn't want to keep you up too late, or tire you out."

"No, we wouldn't want that." Jeff pinched my chin gently between his thumb and forefinger, leaned in and kissed me.

It was delicate, gentle, a caress of the lips. The kiss communicated so much that he hadn't said in words. His slow and thorough devouring of my mouth and my tongue told me he'd forgiven me, he'd moved on and left the past behind us. His hand curling around my waist and pul ing me against him told me he wanted me, told me he desired my body.

"Let's go," I said, "or we won't be going anywhere."

Jeff nodded and pecked me on the lips before getting into his Yukon. I think we made it back to his place in record time. I don't even remember the drive, honestly. I was so caught up in my thoughts of Jeff and what I wanted to do with him that I seemed to look up and find myself in his driveway.

He opened my car door, took my hand to help me out and to my feet. He didn't let go of my hand, even to unlock the front door. He reached to his left pocket with his right hand rather than let go, which was awkwardly funny enough that I laughed at him.

Inside, Jeff closed the door with his heel, then slowly turned to face me, taking my other hand in his.

"I said it once before, and I'll say it again: Don't play me, Anna. Not again. I can't take it again. Once I can forgive and forget. Not twice."

"I won't, Jeff, I promise. I'm here, and I'm not going anywhere."

"You promise?"

"I said so, didn't I?"

Jeff squeezed my hands, his eyes serious. "Say it again. Say, 'I promise I'll never leave you again, Jeff.'"

I took a deep breath. "I promise I'll never leave you again, Jeff."

My heart was hammering in my chest as I spoke the words. I felt like I'd crossed a line I could never uncross. I'd promised to never leave him. A quiet but fierce voice in my soul told me I'd just made a promise I could never, ever break. Jeff was the epitome of the strong, silent type. He didn't say much, but when he did, he meant it, and you listened. He didn't express his emotions much, but when he did, they were deep, rooted in his very identity. If I broke this promise to him, he wouldn't get over it. If I was to ever walk away from him, it'd be forever.

He was watching me careful y. Watching for hesitation, watching for regret, for some part of me being held back.

"I'm serious, Jeff. I won't."

"Better not." He was smiling now, inching closer, dark eyes vivid in the gloom of his unlit house.

I closed the gap between us, pressed my body up against his. He'd hugged me since I'd been back, but he hadn't held me. Now, he wrapped his arms around me, snugging me into the hol ows of his body, my curves fitting into his angles as if we'd been cut from the same puzzle.

I pressed my cheek to his chest, heard and felt his heart thump-thumping, smel ing the scent of Jeff-sweat, cologne, something else indefinable, something that was just Jeff, male and comforting-and feeling like I'd come home.

"You belong here," Jeff murmured.

He didn't mean his house, and I knew it.

"I'm home," I said.

My heart was expanding, ballooning, bursting. It hurt, in an odd, frightening way. It was a good thing, a feeling of belonging, of being protected, but it was scary. I knew I couldn't go back to the way I was before this moment. This was indelible, imprinted on me.

Neither of us had spoken the words, the three words that make things like this seem so permanent, but we didn't need to. It was there, writhing in the spaces between the other words, the pauses for breath when he dipped down to kiss me again, it was in the gap between his fingers as they at long last slipped under the hem of my shirt to brush my aching, waiting skin.

I mirrored his action, sliding my palms up his back, tracing the cords and ridges and planes of muscle. This felt like our first time, in a way. We were going slow, exploring, questing. His lips danced down to my chin, along my jaw to just beneath my ear, and I tipped my head back, eyes closed, as he continued to plant hot, moist kisses down my throat to the hol ow at the base, just above my breastbone.

My palms carved around to press against the slabs of heavy muscle along his sides and stomach, up to his chest, to the hard little nubs of his n**ples, and then his arms were above his head and his shirt was off, tossed aside. I was growing impatient, wanting more, wanting all of him now.

An ache was starting deep in my core, throbbing between my thighs, spreading heat and the wetness of desire through my sex. Jeff's hands were everywhere now, pushing my shirt over my head and unclasping my bra as his mouth trailed between my br**sts, tongue flicking each nipple in turn as the bra fel away.

"Take me to bed, Jeff," I whispered.

Both of us topless, Jeff led me to his room, left the light off so our only source of illumination was the silver wash from the gibbous moon and spattered, sparkling stars. We stood for a moment in the pale square of light from the window, looking at each other, not touching or speaking, only regarding, waiting for the other to move first.

Jeff only smiled at me, and stood waiting. I unbuttoned my pants, shimmied out of them, posed for Jeff in my panties, my weight on one leg, the other bent so only my toe touched the ground, crossed in front of my other leg. I crossed my arms across my chest, then slid my palms under my br**sts, lifting them, pinching my n**ples, watching Jeff's reaction.

His zipper bulged out as I toyed with my br**sts, then grew even larger when I pushed my panties off and kicked them aside. Jeff still hadn't moved, so I continued touching myself. I ran my hands down my ribs, past my belly and to the mound of my aching p**sy. Jeff's tongue ran along his lips, and now his fingers unbuttoned his jeans, and then paused. I dipped my middle finger between my labia, and Jeff unzipped his pants. I circled my cl*t slowly until a gasp escaped; Jeff kicked his jeans aside and hooked his thumbs under the elastic of his boxer-briefs. I put one hand to my breast and rol ed a nipple between my fingers, swirling two fingers around my cl*t with the other hand. Now Jeff drew his boxers off, revealing his thick, rigid cock, straining erect and leaking pre-come, begging to be touched.

I was done with games, suddenly.

I pushed Jeff backward to the bed, followed him as he crawled back to lie on his back. He curled his hands around my hips, traced my curves, hefted the weight of my br**sts, looking up at me with a frightening tenderness in his eyes along with the desire. His hands continued their upward journey, his rough palm sliding along my cheek, cupping there as he lifted up to kiss me, then slowly and carefully sliding my hair out of the elastic band of my ponytail. My blonde waves fel down around our faces, and now his other hand slipped down my bel y and between my thighs as I knelt above him.

I moaned into his mouth as we kissed, his fingers working magic, spreading fire up from my p**sy to the rest of my body, a cli**x rising before he'd even entered me. I reached between us with one hand to grasp his cock, our foreheads touching as I ran my fingers up and down his length. I rubbed his tip in circles with my thumb, slid down to the root and massaged his bal s before caressing his length once more.

Jeff continued to circle my cl*t with a gentle finger, pushing me up and over into orgasm. I whimpered, collapsed on top of him.

"Take me now, Jeff, please."

I guided him into me, a vocal moan fil ing the room as he penetrated deep into me, filling me.

"Sweet Jesus, you feel so good," Jeff said, thrusting slowly. "You feel like heaven."

My lips were crushed against his breastbone as I lifted my h*ps and slid back down his hard length, my arms against his sides, my hands on his shoulders, only our h*ps moving. His hands rested on my ass, curled around the taut-flexed globes.

"I'm gonna come again," I moaned.

"Yes, come for me, Anna." Jeff pulled on my ass, lifting me up and letting me fall, his body thrusting against mine.

I sat up straight, balancing on top of him with my hands on my thighs, riding him hard, rolling my passion-slick slit onto his c*ck with a frenzy of sighs and shrieks. I came, holding myself upright with my palms planted on Jeff's chest.

Jeff's arms wrapped around me, pulled me down to him, and then we moved in a dizzy roll and he was above me, in me, all around me. I locked my legs around his waist and my arms around his neck, clung tight to him, pressed my quivering lips to his and rocked into him, felt his turgid c*ck pushing deep into me, huge and hard and wonderful.

Another orgasm washed through me, this one coming in waves, a crest of ecstasy thrilling through me with each thrust of his cock. He was close now, his rhythm growing frantic, his thrusts harder and deeper. I drove my h*ps against him to match his rhythm, to match the frenetic fury of his rising cli**x.

"Come with me, Jeff," I said. "Come hard."

Jeff's eyes flew open and met mine, his gaze blazing with intensity. He plunged hard into me, paused with our h*ps flush, then pul ed out again. As he drove himself into me once more, he came, flooding me, his gasp of pleasure a low-voiced growl.

He arched his back and thrust again, wet heat shooting into me once more, and now his forehead bumped mine and his ragged breathing echoed loud in the silver-lit room.

"I love you, Anna." He whispered it into the silence between breaths, into the stil ness between thrusts, into the space between heartbeats.

His eyes were on mine as he said it, our bodies merged, our essences mingling, united in the flush of cli**x.

Tears started in my eyes, burned as they trickled down my cheeks to drip past my jaw beneath my ear.

"I lo-" I choked back a sob. "I love you. God, I love you." Saying it felt like a release.

I did love him. I couldn't imagine ever leaving him, ever being without him. I felt like I'd spent all my life waiting for him, and just never knew it, couldn't see it, or understand that he was what I needed. He'd been there, too close to see.

We were stil moving together, roiling in the silence of soughing breaths, my tamped-down sobs of weltering emotions punctuating the rhythm of our lovemaking.

This wasn't sex, wasn't f**king, wasn't even just shared pleasure. This was, finally, a true expression of joined emotions, and I knew I couldn't ever match this experience, not with anyone else, not for as long as I lived.

Jeff didn't wipe away my tears, didn't shush me, or tell me it was okay, or ask why I was crying. He just kissed me tenderly, whispered my name.

We lay side by side, facing each other, our eyes speaking a thousand words that didn't pass our lips.

We fel asleep, woke up in the early dawn spooning, his erection hard against my ass. I guided him in and we rocked like that, back to front, his hand on my hip, his breath on my shoulder, slow and unhurried and uncomplicatedly sensual. We came at the exact same moment, and when we did, our fingers tangled across my breast, over my pounding heart.

We slept again, woke up past noon, and showered together, making love yet again, standing up in his shower, just like the first time.

* * *

A few more days passed, just like that. We didn't leave each other's side for more than a few minutes. We made love constantly, and the words "I love you" came more easily.

One of the few times we were apart Jeff wouldn't tell me where he was going. He left around two in the afternoon and didn't come back until almost five, and wouldn't answer one question, just insisted that I wait and find out. His eyes shone with amusement, tel ing me I would probably enjoy the surprise, so I left off questioning him and went along with it.

He came home, his home-which I was starting to consider home as well-and told me to get changed, to put on a dress or skirt of some sort.

He stood in the doorway of the bedroom, watching me change. I slipped off the stretchy yoga pants and cotton panties I'd been wearing, as well as the T-shirt and sports bra. I took my time picking my outfit, nak*d, waiting for Jeff to sidle up behind me and start something, but he didn't, just watched with a smile on his face.

I picked a knee-length skirt and a button-down shirt, and a matching set of red lace lingerie. I started to put on the panties, but Jeff spoke up from the doorway.

"Leave 'em off. Go commando. We're gonna be somewhere private, so no one'l know but me," he said.

I stared at him for a moment, considering. I never went anywhere without panties on. It was just...not something I did. I didn't know any girls who did go out without panties on. It seemed skanky, somehow. I'm sure there were girls out there who would go to the bar with a little skirt on and no panties, but that wasn't me. Jeff had promised we'd be in private, though, so I went along with it, slipping the skirt up over my h*ps and zipping it. It felt strange, like being nak*d.

When I was ful y dressed and had done a little makeup, against Jeff's protestations that I didn't need it, we left, Jeff driving. We drove for almost an hour, going far out into the country. We eventual y came to a wide, rol ing grassy field, a huge spreading oak tree in the middle, casting long shadows in the golden light of early evening. Jeff pul ed the truck to a stop on the side of the narrow, empty dirt road and parked. From his trunk he retrieved wicker picnic basket and a folded quilt.

"We're going on a picnic?" I asked.

"Yep. Never been on an actual, factual picnic like this before, so I thought it might be a fun change from dinner at a restaurant. 'Sides, it's a beautiful evening."

I stuck my hand through his arm as we walked together across the field toward the tree. "I've never been on a picnic like this, either," I said.

"Whose property is this?"

"An Army buddy of mine. He owns several hundred acres, I think. Most of it is farmland, but this here is just an empty field he doesn't use for much of anything."

"Does he know we're here?"

"Nah, but he won't care. He never comes out this way. His crops are all closer to his house, 'bout a mile that way," Jeff said, pointing off to the east.

We reached the tree, spread the blanket under the canopy of its branches. Jeff had put together an impressive spread of food, sandwiches, potato salad, pasta salad, fruit salad, key lime pie, sparkling mineral water, and a bottle of expensive champagne. We ate leisurely, drinking the water. I wondered about the champagne, but didn't say anything.

When we were both full, Jeff packed the basket once more. Jeff lay on his back and pul ed me into his embrace, holding me close, his hand stroking my back. He was wearing a white button-down, and I popped each button open until his torso was bare. I spent awhile tracing the contours of his chest before I moved on to his belt, unbuckling it, unclasping his pants, unzipping them. He was semi-erect, growing larger as I watched.

There was an oddly shaped bulge in the pocket of his pants. I dismissed it, though, eager to feel his flesh firming in my hands. I pushed his pants and boxers off, set them aside.

I climbed astride him, thankful now that he'd had me leave my panties off. I was already bare to him, completely clothed even as he speared into me, gasping and his eyes crossing, fluttering, closing.

My skirt billowed around our hips, covering his bel y and the joining of our bodies. I wanted to feel the air and the sun on my skin, though. I led Jeff's hands to my buttons, and he undid them, brushed the fabric from my shoulders and stripped off my bra, rocking into me al the while. His hands brushed over my ribcage and caressed my br**sts, squeezed them, and rolled my n**ples in his fingers. He lifted up to take a taut peak into his mouth, nipped lightly, sending jolts of electricity through me. He was pounding up into me, our bodies gyrating in sync, fire blossoming between us, in the merged heat and sweat of our flesh. I rocked above him, rode him to cli**x, palms flat on his chest.

When I came, I screamed at the top of my lungs, shrieked his name. I'd always been fairly vocal during sex, and found it hard not to be. This was the first time I'd let myself go wild, totally uninhibited, and god...screaming that loud made me come even harder, turned Jeff into a primal beast beneath me, his fingers locked around my h*ps and driving me down onto him, harder and harder, his c*ck plunging up and lifting me clear off the ground, his roar of cli**x every bit as loud as mine. Hearing him bellow as he came inside me drove me to a new orgasm, and now our voices were raised together in the golden evening light.

I rode him, coming, until he softened within me, and then I col apsed on top of him, still shuddering with aftershocks.

"God, that was amazing," Jeff gasped, clinging to me.

"Incredible," I agreed. "I don't think I've ever come so hard or so long in my life."

"Me, neither," Jeff said.

Silence between us then, for many long minutes, only the susurrus of the wind and the clatter of branches and the distant twitter of sparrows.

"Anna?" Jeff was rummaging in his pants pocket for the odd bulge I'd noticed.

"Hmmm?"

He lifted up on elbow, his shirt open and draping across one of my bare br**sts. His hand was closed around the whatever-it-was. My heart was hammering in my chest, thudding with a sudden rush of nerves brought on by the serious expression on Jeff's face.

"I love you, Anna," Jeff started.

"I love you, too-"

"Hold on, now, sweetheart. Let me finish."

Sweetheart, he'd cal ed me. It made my heart melt and tangle more thoroughly around his.

"I love you, Anna," he started again, as if reciting something he'd memorized. "I know this is maybe a little crazy and a little sudden, but I just know it's right, it's meant to be. I love you too much to ever let you get away again."

I had a sudden flood of panic as I realized what he was leading up to. My eyes stung and burned. My breath caught, and I felt as if time had stopped. The breeze, which had blowing al the time, had gone still, and the even birds were silent.

Jeff opened his hand, showing me, yes, a black box. He opened it with one hand, revealing a slim platinum band topped by a princess-cut diamond, glittering in the sun.

"Wil you marry me?"

Shit. Shit shit shit.

I didn't know what to say, what to do, what I was even thinking or feeling. Tears fell unheeded, tears of joy and confusion. I loved him, so much. I wanted to be with him. But...this? Now?

"Anna?"

"Jeff, I-I love you, so much. I do. My heart is saying yes, but-"

"But?" Jeff was puzzled, confused, hurting.

"I'm not saying no, Jeff, I'm not."

"But you're not saying yes."

"I'm saying, can I have some time to think? I mean, this is so sudden, so unexpected. I only want to be with you, and I...I want to say yes, but...I just need a day or two to real y think about it."

Jeff nodded slowly. "I guess I get that. But you're...you're not saying no?"

I shook my head and put my hands on his clean-shaven face, kissed him hard and deep. "No, Jeff. I'm not saying no. I just need to process it before I say yes. I don't know if that makes any sense or not, but I just-"

"No, it does. I did sorta spring this on you kind of suddenly. I love you, sweetheart. If you need some time to think, then that's fine by me. Take whatever time you need."

Not long after that, we packed up, the champagne unopened, and left. Jeff seemed quiet, or rather, more subdued than usual. I felt bad, knowing he'd hoped it'd be a joyous occasion, an exuberant yes. I just couldn't give him that, not yet. I hadn't even considered him proposing, not for a long time yet.

We went home, and for the first time in days, we went to sleep without making love.

* * *

We had a DJ shift the next day, at, of all places, The Dive. The place where I'd first met Chase. As we unloaded and set up, my gaze went to the alley where I'd first touched and tasted Chase. A pang went through me.

I didn't precisely miss him, per se. He'd been vital to me feeling my own worth. Before him, I'd never thought of myself as beautiful, really. I'd accepted myself, and even liked who I was, but didn't think of myself as an object of male desire. Chase had changed that. He'd shown me men could think I was beautiful. He'd wanted me, he'd shown me in glorious detail what sex could and should be.

Without him, I wouldn't have ever had the courage to approach Jeff.

My thoughts were a whirlwind as we set up and started the first set.

Jeff had proposed. Proposed. He wanted to marry me.

But what if I'd been wrong about Chase? What if he'd had real feelings for me, too? If I was being honest with myself, I'd felt things stirring for him, which was part of the reason I'd bolted at the first opportunity. Sex with Chase was great, and he'd given a priceless gift in helping me see my own power as a sexual woman.

What if I'd been wrong? The thought wouldn't go away.

Jeff wants to marry me. Why was I hesitating? I loved him. I knew it, felt it as true deep inside me, in my bones and my blood, in my heart and my mind, in the core of myself as a woman, I knew I loved him. What was more, I trusted Jeff, completely.

We had a dead spot, no one signing up for songs, so I sang, to prompt some requests. I did "Alone" by Heart. It was a song I'd loved pretty much my entire life, and it was something I could perform in my sleep and nail it every time. I knew each note the way I knew my own face in the mirror. It was comforting and familiar when al the rest of me was tumultuous, chaotic, confused.

I stepped outside after my song ended, caught my breath and tried to calm my jangling nerves. When I went back in, Jeff was cueing up a song, a strange, tight expression on his face.

A male figure was standing just off to the side of the stage area. I didn't recognize him at first, since he'd shaved his head and was wearing plain tight blue jeans instead of leather pants, and a tight white T-shirt instead of something flashy and rock star. He turned, mic in hand.

Chase. What the hell is he doing here?

My heart shot into my throat, my fists clenched, my stomach dropped away. If I was confused before, there simply wasn't a word for my emotions when Chase's eyes locked onto me.

He looked good with a shaved head. It set off his eyes, the sharp contours of his gorgeous face. He'd gauged his ears and had new ink crawling up his forearm.

He didn't smile when he saw me, didn't walk toward me, just stared at me, hard, intense, poised.

The music started, the opening bars of a song I knew al too well: "With or Without You" by U2. Oh, hell. God, he sounded good. He sang the entire song standing sideways on the stage, pinning me in the doorway with his fiery gaze.

I can't live...with or without you...

It was clearly a message, each word spoken directly to me. He was pouring his heart out to me, telling me what was inside him. By the time the song ended, I knew one thing for absolutely certain: I wasn't over Chase Delany.

Oh, god.

Tears were sluicing down my face, chest heaving. The song ended, the music faded, Chase spotlighted on the tiny stage. No one spoke, no one moved, no one even breathed. Everyone was waiting. For what?

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Jeff standing behind the mixer, a glass of Coke in his hand.

Chase reached into his pocket, pulled out something small and round and glinting in the dim barlight. He held it up, slowly lowered himself to one knee.

No, no no no. Please no. Oh, god, no. Please don't-

Chase spoke into the microphone, his eyes drilling into mine: "Anna, I know this is crazy. We haven't known each other all that long, and I know we had a big misunderstanding. But the thing is, I'm in love with you. I fell in love with you from the very first moment I laid eyes on you. I can't live without you. I want you to come on tour with me. I want us to see the world together.

"Anna, will you marry me?"

The glass in Jeff's hand shattered.

A single sob tore from my throat. I shook my head, turned, and slammed against the crash bar and out into the night.

