Prologue

"It's just not right Katherine!" Joseph slammed his fist down on the table, making the dinnerware shake.

"Those kids simply don't listen to us, not one of them. Can't they see we aren't getting any younger? I should've had grandbabies bouncing on my knees years ago." Katherine smiled to herself as she listened to her husband complain about his disobedient children.

She knew what he said was nothing but empty words. He adored their kids as much as she did.

She had to agree with him though that women holding babies would be an excellent addition to the house. She'd always dreamed of rocking grandkids and chasing down toddlers.

"Now Joseph, you know if you go meddling again the boys are going to disown you," Katherine warned her husband.

"If they don't do something about this grandbaby situation I'm going to disown them," he growled, though with zero conviction in his voice.

"Since you retired last year you've had way too much time on your hands Joseph Anderson. The boys have all been tossed a lot of responsibility already. Are you sure you want to add more to their plates?" she finished, knowing the answer already.

"The boys are ready for love and marriage. They just need a helping push." The decision had been made. He would have at least one grandchild in his empty house before Christmas.

Katherine suppressed her sigh, knowing there was nothing she could say that would change her willful husband's mind. Where did he think their sons' acquired that particular trait? Even with their flaws she couldn't possibly love any of them, including her husband, more than she already did.

"Lucas will be first," Joseph said in his booming voice startling Katherine out of her reverie.

"I've already found him the perfect bride."

Joseph leaned back in his chair with a very pleased expression on his face. Finally he had a project to keep himself occupied, with the prize of grandkids as a reward. Lucas was in for some wild adventures come Monday morning.

Chapter One

"You can do this. Walk in there with complete confidence. Who cares if this family is worth more than Bill Gates and Donald Trump combined. You were hired for this position and you need this job. " Amy Harper continued to lecture herself on the elevator ride up to the twenty-fifth floor.

She brushed the few strands of escaped golden hair from her face, more out of nervousness than necessity. She considered herself to be of average looks and actually tried to downplay the assets she'd been given. She wanted to be respected, not lusted after like her mother. She had long hair that she couldn't find the will to cut off, although when out she always placed it in an unflattering bun.

She always hid her curves from the world. She'd been well endowed, in what an ex-boyfriend had called all the right places. Her green eyes gave away every emotion that she was feeling and no matter how hard she tried she couldn't manage to eliminate, what she considered, a fatal flaw.

She still couldn't believe she'd been hired as executive secretary for Lucas Anderson. Anyone who'd lived within a thousand mile radius of Seattle Washington knew who the Andersons were.

Their company had many different divisions, which required a very large staff. They dealt in everything from construction and farming, to high end corporate takeovers. Although their headquarters were in the US, they did business all around the world and she was excited to be a part of it all.

As she made the long ride up in the elevator her mind flashed back to the previous week when she'd interviewed for the job.

Her interview with the head of the family had terrified her, but she'd found he was a really decent guy. He was kind and if she'd met him at a cafe instead of his million dollar mansion she wouldn't have even known he was worth more than royalty.

She'd gone to his place expecting a very formal interview with a rigid man. She'd been pleasantly surprised by the reality. He'd welcomed her into his home and seemed to care more about her as a person than what was on her resume. That was a good thing considering she'd recently graduated college and the only other jobs she'd held had been anything but corporate.

She'd originally met Joseph at a college fair towards the end of her senior year and he'd given her his card and told her to call after graduation. She'd done so and he got her in for an interview faster than she'd ever imagined possible. She assumed it was because she'd graduated in the top five percent of her class.

Amy snapped back to the present as the elevator chimed her arrival. "Do not blow this job Amy.

If it all works out you could have that child you want so badly by Christmas time next year." With her final words of encouragement to herself she took a deep breath and waited for the doors to open.

When she stepped onto the twenty-fifth floor she was momentarily paralyzed with fear. It was the most beautiful office she'd ever seen. The doors opened up to a massive lobby area with a round cherry wood desk. Behind the desk was a stunning blonde who looked more efficient than Amy ever hoped to be. She felt increasingly frumpy and inadequate as she stepped forward.

Behind the desk was a hallway to the right, where she assumed the offices were.

"Can I help you?" the woman asked Amy.

Amy snapped out of her temporary paralysis and walked forward. "Yes, I'm Amy Harper. I'm the new executive secretary for Mr. Anderson. I start today," she finished with as much confidence as she could rally.

The woman looked at her blankly for a moment before finally reaching for her phone. "Mr.

Anderson, I have Amy Harper here who says she's your new executive secretary." She paused for a few moments, "okay...yes sir."

She hung up the phone and turned back towards Amy, "Mr. Anderson says he already has an executive secretary and has hired no one new. He also said if you're a reporter, trying for another story on his family, all his answers are no comment." The woman looked dismissively at Amy and then said "have a nice day Ms. Harper."

She didn't give Amy another glance. She just turned towards her computer and acted like Amy wasn't in the room. As far as she was concerned Amy was dismissed.

"Um, excuse me," Amy looked at the secretary's name plate. "Shelly, I was interviewed last week by Mr. Anderson. He told me to be in the office at eight am sharp, so you may want to just check again," she said a little bit more powerfully. Shelly glanced up, as if shocked the disturbing woman was still there.

Just then the elevator chimed and in walked an older woman with smiling blue eyes. "You must be Amy. I'm sorry that I'm late. I got stuck behind an auto accident," the woman said as she approached. "My name's Esther and I will be working with you this week, getting you all trained to be on your own. Joseph called me and let me know he found my perfect replacement," she said with humor in her voice.

Amy took a deep breath and felt some relief that the job really wasn't just in her imagination.

"It's so good to meet you Esther. I was a little nervous when Shelly said there was no job," she finished, not even glancing at the secretary.

Esther looked over at the woman in question with disapproval. "She answers the phones here temporarily and didn't know that I'm retiring. I'm sorry about any lack of communication," she said. It was obvious there wasn't any love lost between the two of them.

"Walk with me and I'll show you your new office. You should love it but if you want to make any changes please feel free to do so. You'll be spending many hours in there, as I'm sure Joseph already told you, so it needs to be comfortable for you." They walked down the hallway and through a large oak doorway into a massive office. Was everything in the building done on a much grander scale than your average building? There were floor to ceiling windows against the back wall, letting the early morning light shine through. She was grateful for the natural light.

In the middle of the room was a huge three sided desk. On top of it sat a top of the line computer and an overflowing in and out box.

"Come in, come in. Have a seat. I'll show you what you need to get started and before you know it you'll be excellent on your own," Esther said kindly.

The two women worked together the rest of the morning. Amy felt slightly overwhelmed, but she really enjoyed the company of Esther and was starting to pick up on some of the tasks they were doing. After lunch she felt comfortable enough to admit to Esther she really wasn't qualified for the position, but she was a very fast learner and would study day and night to learn the systems.

Esther reassured her that Joseph had obviously seen something in her and he only hired the best.

"Esther, I need those Niles reports please and can you cancel my appointments for the rest of the day. My father needs me to come over to his place." Amy glanced up as the most stunning man she'd ever seen walked through the door. He was looking down at a paper in his hand, which gave her time to secretly observe him from head to toe.

The first thing she noticed was his stature. He had to be at least six foot four with wide, strong looking shoulders. Lithe muscles could be perfectly seen, even through the obviously tailored business suit, which was dark and worked to clearly accentuate his golden tan. The outfit was complete with a loosened tie, making him look like he could've just stepped out of a photo shoot for GQ magazine.

His hair was dark brown and looked as if he'd been running his hand through it all morning. In the next moment he finally looked up and his deep azure blue eyes met her startled green ones.

"I'm sorry Esther, I didn't know you had someone in here with you."

"Hello, I'm Lucas Anderson," he finished and held his hand out to her.

Lucas was known for his ability to read a person. It was how he was so successful in the corporate world. The woman seemed to be going through a myriad of emotions, from nervousness to desire and everything in between as she stared back at him. She was sparking his curiosity.

When she sat there in silence he raised his eyebrows at her questioningly. Her face turned a nice shade of red and then she finally broke eye contact.

She snapped out of her trance realizing that he was waiting for her to introduce herself so she stood up and gave him her hand, "Hello, I'm Amy Harper." The moment her fingers touched his Lucas felt like a bolt of lightning went racing through their joined fingers, straight to his groin. She was beautiful, sure, but so were many other women he was in contact with each day. None of them had the power to electrify him with the mere touch of hands.

Lucas turned toward Esther, while releasing Amy's hand at the same time. "When your guest leaves can you come into the office to take care of a few things," he said and then turned away.

"Has your father not spoken with you yet Lucas?" Esther asked, stopping him.

"Talked to me about what?"

"I sent you my notice last month and told you your father would be hiring a new assistant for you," she simply stated.

"I told you last month that I needed you to stay longer. I assumed the matter was settled," he said a bit too harshly.

"Lucas, don't you dare use that tone of voice with me. Don't forget I've seen you running around in nothing but a diaper on. You knew that when your father retired I would be leaving as soon as you got settled in. I stayed on to make sure you had a smooth transition but now it's my turn for retirement. I love this company but like your father sometimes it's best to get on with things and bring in a new generation."

"I'm sorry about the misunderstanding. Can you work one more month so I can find an appropriate replacement to take your position? I will double your salary since I know it's an inconvenience to you," he pleaded, trying to forget that Amy was even in the room.

"Your father already conducted the interviews and Amy's your new assistant. I've been training her all morning and she's doing a remarkable job," she finished and patted Amy on the back.

Suddenly Amy had his undivided attention once again. The minute he turned those eyes back on her she felt her stomach drop. The man had enough heat packed in his eyes to be considered a fire hazard. She'd never reacted so strongly to a man before and wasn't happy about the unfamiliar feelings flooding through her.

"I'll speak to my father about this but I should've been informed about the interviews. Don't get too comfortable in your new position Ms. Harper," he spoke with the upmost authority, then stormed back through the doorway, shutting it a little bit harder than necessary.

"I thought he knew that I'd been hired. He didn't even know you were leaving," Amy said with apprehension in her voice. She could be losing her dream job before it had even started.

"Now don't you worry about anything Amy, everything will be just fine." They got absorbed in their work and the incident was placed on the back burner, still there, but put away for the moment.

"Dad, how do you expect me to run this company when you're stepping in and doing things without letting me know?" Lucas was pacing in front of his father, back and forth across the parlor at his parents' home.

"Now son, I told you when I left Esther would be retiring once you got settled in. I also told you I would take care of her replacement. It's not my fault that you forgot about that. And it's not Esther's fault you didn't take her resignation seriously," his father said.

"Dad, I know you're up to something. I just can't figure out what it is this time but I'm capable of hiring my own staff," he spoke with frustration. It was so much harder to argue with the man when he was being reasonable. "It doesn't exactly look good when the president of the company doesn't know what's going on in his own offices," he finished.

"Son, I interviewed about thirty people and Ms. Harper was, by far, the most qualified candidate.

Believe me, you'll have no problems with her. I checked her out extensively before sending her to you." Little did his son know that he was actually checking her out as his future daughter-in-law and could care less about her qualifications as an executive assistant, although she'd done very well in school and would most likely do an extraordinary job at the office.

"Fine, I'll see how she works out but if she doesn't work soundly with me then I'll fire her and the next person will be someone that I find, not you," he said.

"Of course Lucas," his dad quickly agreed. "Now on to other business," he prompted, before getting back to work. By the time Lucas returned to the office everyone was gone. He could still smell Amy's scent in the room. He had a feeling her employment wasn't going to work out. He had the feeling that his new employee was going to be nothing but trouble for him.

He had a lot of work to do so he walked through their connecting doors into his own office, which made Amy's new one seem small, if that were possible. He sat back on his couch and started reading a file, falling asleep before he knew it. That wasn't unusual. He slept at the office as much as he did in his own home.

Lucas's brothers would mock him growing up, saying he was a sixty year old man in a teenager's body. He didn't care if they teased him. He had goals and responsibilities and if that meant he wasn't into the stuff most teenagers were into, then so be it. Look at where he was now.

He was the head of a company respected throughout the world and had more than most people could even dream of.

Amy stepped off of the elevator feeling pretty good. What a difference from her first ride up such a short time ago. The month had flown by and she was doing well at her job, if she did think so herself.

"Amy, come on over and have some cake," she heard Esther calling. "It's my retirement party." Amy looked up to find hundreds of people crowded around the front office. Everyone was chattering and eating cake.

"Amy dear, how are you doing?" This came from Joseph Anderson. He walked up and threw an arm around her shoulders.

"It's great Mr. Anderson. Thank you again for giving me this opportunity." She added bashfully, not knowing what else to say.

"Nonsense my girl, you earned this position. Esther said you are fitting right in and doing a fantastic job." He laughed heartily.

"Now come with me. There's someone I want you to meet." He wrapped her arm in his and dragged her across the room.

"Mike, I want you to meet Amy. She's the new executive assistant for Lucas," he said in an excessively loud voice, which had several heads turning towards them. Amy could feel her face grow warmer as she didn't like to be the center of attention.

"Nice to meet you Amy," Mike replied.

"I will just leave the two of you to chat for a while," Joseph said with a chuckle while walking away. Amy stayed and chatted with Mike, finding his company pleasant.

Mike was far more the kind of man who normally interested Amy. He was average looking, not someone you would place on a calendar, but someone you would definitely give a second glance.

He had a sense of humor and kept up a witty conversation. He was safe.

Amy almost wished she was searching for a relationship, as Mike seemed the kind of man who would be pleasant to date. He wasn't arrogant and he didn't seem to be demanding. Oh well, she sighed to herself, letting the thought pass.

Across the room Lucas was glaring daggers at his new employee. She never smiled that way when he talked to her. Of course, he was normally barking orders at her. He still didn't like the attention she was giving to another male and he really didn't like the interest he saw in Mike's eyes. As Lucas slowly looked her up and down he could understand that interest.

What did his father think he was doing, introducing her to Mike? Everyone knew he went through women faster than he changed clothing. Many women had been fooled by his act of affection but Lucas knew the guy only had one goal in mind and Lucas was sure that Amy wasn't ready for the consequences of a failed office romance.

Lucas was even more irritated he cared. He consoled himself by thinking he was only concerned because if she got discarded her work performance would suffer, which would make him have to fire her. He would then have to take time away from his busy schedule to hire a new employee.

He was just about ready to storm over there, grab her arm and drag her away when his father approached him. "How you doing boy?" he asked far too slyly.

"Fine Father and you?" he automatically responded, not taking his eyes off of Amy.

Joseph was thinking that his plan was coming along just fine. His son was falling for Amy quickly and he didn't even realize it. Joseph may as well push things along a bit more and help speed things up. In the game of love no one could lose.

"Don't you think Amy and Mike look good together? She's seemed a little lonely this past week," he said.

"Mike's a cad. I'm going to put a stop to this. You need to quit meddling in people's lives Father," Lucas said angrily.

"I'm sorry Lucas. I didn't know you were interested in her. You know a boss shouldn't have a romance with his employee," he added. He knew his son well. There was nothing he enjoyed more than a challenge.

"I'm not interested in her," Lucas said, not fooling his father in the least. "I just know what kind of a man Mike is. He'll break her heart and then her work will be affected. I'm only thinking of the work environment." With those parting words he started walking in her direction.

Joseph chuckled to himself feeling downright giddy. Oh yes, his son was falling hard. He'd picked out the perfect match for him.

"Amy, we have some work to do," Lucas said as he approached her and Mike. He didn't even acknowledge Mike's presence. Mike, not wanting to upset the boss, slunk away without another word. Amy lost a bit of respect for him. She turned around, inwardly sighing.

"Yes sir, I'm sorry. I'll get right on it," Amy replied with her head held high while heading towards her office. She didn't understand why he sounded so irritated. Everyone was at the party.

It wasn't like she was the one who'd thrown it.

Lucas followed her into the office, then stood there looming over her as she sat down. "I don't like office romances, they cause nothing but trouble," he informed her in his most stately tone of voice, which caused the hair on the back of her neck to stand up. She had to silently count to ten before responding.

"First of all, Mr. Anderson," she said through clenched teeth, "I was simply socializing with another employee. And second of all, who I do choose to have a romance with is none of your business." Amy was surprised by the acid in her own voice Suddenly he was only inches from her face. "When you work for me you will listen to what I say. Mike's a womanizer and I don't want to deal with the repercussions when he throws you out like stale bread and believe me, he will."

Amy leaned back from him as her heart started beating hard. She was sure it was visible to him, even through her shirt. She forgot all about her anger with the man as the urge to reach out and grab him was so overwhelming. She wanted Lucas. Everything about him screamed sex and if he leaned in a couple of more inches and claimed her mouth she would welcome it.

For what seemed like an eternity she couldn't break contact with him. She felt liquid heat pooling inside of her. Look away, look away, look away, she shouted at herself until she finally found the will-power to turn her head, wondering how long they'd stood there face to face.

Realizing how close he was to her and also the intense desire he had to kiss her shocked Lucas enough into standing up straight and retreating from her office. Before he could think about it he slammed the door, causing the pictures on the wall to shake.

Lucas leaned against the door and willed his body to return to normal. He hadn't felt so much desire for a woman since his college days. Even then he knew he'd possessed more control. If she hadn't broken their eye contact he may have ended up taking her right there on her desk, just a few short feet away from hundreds of employees who could've walked in at any moment.

It was most definitely time to go work out and expend some of his pent up energy. He went down in his private elevator, avoiding Amy the rest of the day, choosing to communicate through email only. It seemed to be much safer that way for the both of them.

Chapter Two

Time flew by quickly for Amy as she learned her new job. Lucas was away the most of the time and communication was done through email. Joseph stopped by the office a few times to help her with things and they ended up chatting for hours.

Lucas fired the blond receptionist, which thrilled Amy as the woman had shot daggers at her every time she came in and out of the office. Amy had wanted to shout at her that she wasn't interested in the boss and she could have at him but somehow she'd managed to maintain her composure.

The new receptionist was a great guy and with the boss gone, when she had spare time, she would sit there with him chatting about everything. She'd only been working with him for a few weeks and he was quickly becoming her best friend.

Her buzzer sounded. "Amy darling, it's lunch time. I need to get out of this place before I go insane. Let's head out for some far too greasy pizza and soda," came Tom's energetic voice through her speaker.

"I'm on my way out. Give me five minutes to finish this email for Mr. Anderson and then I'm all yours."

Amy came out of her office and Tom threw his arm around her waist as they headed for the elevators. The door came open just as he was leaning down towards her in what would seem like an intimate moment to an observer, which was what Lucas saw as he stepped through the open doors.

"What's going on here Amy?" he practically shouted. "Have you forgotten this is a place of business? I'm gone a few weeks and you think you can parade your boyfriends in and out of here? What if I'd been a customer?" The barely suppressed ire in his voice surprised Amy.

Tom smiled to himself, turning so his new boss couldn't see. He could instantly tell the boss was jealous. Well, this is certainly interesting he thought to himself. He decided to have a little bit of fun, "Hello Mr. Anderson, Ms. Harper and I were just stepping out on our lunch break. We already set the phones and will be back in one hour." With that he pulled her into the elevator and they were gone.

Before Lucas had time to react the doors shut, leaving him stunned and more than a little angry.

He almost followed them down so he could drag her back up to the offices. Only years of tightly managed control had him staying where he was. What he really wanted to do was pitch Tom out of a window and haul Amy into his arms. He'd avoided her as much as possible in hopes that he would get over his infatuation but the way she looked at him didn't help. He could see it was a mutual attraction and she was fighting her growing feelings for him as much as he was fighting his for her.

He sat there stewing the entire hour they were gone, not getting any work done. He just paced from one end of his office to the other, waiting impatiently.

"You know you let him think we were sneaking off for some illicit affair during our lunch hour.

I'm going to catch hell for that," Amy tried to say as sternly as possible as her and Tom sat down.

"I couldn't resist. He had such a sour expression on his face at seeing you locked in the arms of my beautiful self," he chuckled.

Amy had been fighting her attraction to Lucas from the moment she'd met him. She knew he wanted her but she also knew it was a really bad idea to get involved with her boss. She wasn't one of those women who slept her way to the top. She wasn't even close to being one of those corporate barracuda women anyway. She was working hard so that one day she could provide a stable home for the family she'd always wanted. She would never bring a child into the world without first making sure she could give that child the best possible home life.

"You were holding out on me you know. I had no idea the boss was hot for your body," Tom continued.

"He isn't hot for my body," she said. "He just likes to be in control of everything, including his employees. Just you wait, he'll be telling you who you can date as well," she said, starting to see some of the humor in the situation. She knew that they would both end up getting over the attraction soon enough and she in no way wanted Tom to know she thought her new boss was stunning and made her breath hitch each time he walked in the room.

"Darling, I can already tell I'm not his type, unfortunately," he sighed, being over dramatic. "I would love to change him but there are some men that only have eyes for the hourglass. Poor me, I'm destined for heartache seeing that piece of man hunk on a daily basis and never having a shot."

Tom had successfully pulled her out of her melancholy. She knew she was going to have to put up with Lucas's bad mood when they got back but for the moment she and Tom were having a great lunch.

They finished up and then walked back to the office, making sure not to touch. Amy felt no need to press her luck any further that day. She didn't want to lose her job because the boss thought she was the office floozy.

Before she could even sit down she was getting buzzed into Lucas's office. "Ms. Harper, can you please step in here? We have a lot of things to go over this afternoon and because of your extended lunch we're behind," his voice snapped over the intercom.

Amy sighed, knowing her peaceful day was officially over. She gathered her laptop up and headed for the door that connected their offices. She did grumble a bit to herself though as she'd made sure she didn't take an extended lunch and had in fact been back about ten minutes sooner than she needed to.

Lucas didn't look up as she walked into the room. She silently crossed the floor and sat down on the opposite side of the desk from him. They sat there for several minutes in uncomfortable silence. She began to squirm which ticked her off even more. How dare he make her feel like a school kid sitting in the principal's office because she'd been caught necking on campus?

Lucas knew the second she entered his office. She didn't make a sound but her scent engulfed him. His eyes were locked on the computer screen while he punched buttons on the keyboard, though he had no clue what he was doing. For all he knew he could've given away millions of dollars.

He knew he had to make a comment sooner or later but he was still too close to grabbing her out of the chair and making her forget any other man but him. He was imagining throwing her over his desk and ending the torture for both of them. He could brand her his and she would have no thoughts of any man but him. The thought of her crying out his name was almost his undoing.

"Did you finish that Nielson report I emailed you?" He finally spoke and was satisfied to see her jump at the sound of his voice. For some strange reason her reaction relaxed him. He liked how he made her nervous. He wondered what else would make her jump.

Lucas stood up, walked around his desk and sat on the edge of it, leaving them only inches away from their legs brushing. He noticed she sat up even straighter if that were possible. Her legs were locked so tightly together he was surprised she didn't jump up suddenly with a muscle spasm.

After what seemed like hours but was in fact only seconds, Amy handed him the file wordlessly, having anticipated he would be asking for it. He took the file from her, making sure their fingers brushed. He noticed goose bumps appear on her arm.

He started feeling much better, knowing he was back in charge. He pretended to read the file, taking his time, enjoying the close proximity. "Very good," she once again jumped as if she'd forgotten they were sitting there in the room together.

She was far too strong to admit he was making her feel anything and there was no way that she would cry mercy. He'd figured out that much about her from the first day they'd met. If she'd looked upset in any way at all then he would've found the will power to pull away from her but he could see the passion shimmering in her eyes and he knew how she was feeling.

Lucas shifted his weight causing his leg to press up against hers. She sat there frozen. It was obvious she wanted to move but didn't know how to do it without being noticeable about it.

He was getting way too hot sitting so close to her so he gave them both a break and started pacing the room to create some distance. "Very good work," he finally said about the file. They got into a comfortable routine after that and the rest of the afternoon they worked well together.

The air was filled with tension but they made a good team when they both focused.

He didn't want to let her leave. He was enjoying her smell surrounding him. He was enjoying the way her eyes would dart to him and then look away. He was enjoying the intoxicating way her curves made his body tighten.

She didn't understand the attraction towards Lucas. She had to continually tell herself she couldn't stand his type. She didn't need, nor want a man in her life. She liked her life just fine and wanted no man to step in and tell her how to live. He was just another guy, like so many other men she'd been around before him.

She would never go for a rich, egocentric billionaire like her boss. She prided herself on the wise decisions she always made and the fact she was careful to stick with her goals. She couldn't mess up all of her carefully laid out plans by having a meaningless affair.

At five that evening there was a knock on the door. "Come in," Lucas spoke up.

Tom bounded into the room. "Hello Mr. Anderson," he spoke, before turning towards Amy.

"You ready to head out? I got the phones switched over and I'm dying for a bloody Mary and some hot wings."

Lucas glanced at the clock and then narrowed his eyes at the unwanted intrusion. How had the day gotten so far away from him? He certainly didn't want Amy rushing off with Tom for drinks.He wanted to keep her there with him.

Amy started to get up from her seat when Lucas spoke up. "We have far too much work to finish up tonight Tom. Amy will have to miss out on happy hour," he said too rudely for her liking.

"It's okay Tom, I'll just catch the bus home tonight. I really appreciate the ride in today though.

I'll see you on Monday." She gave him an apologetic smile and then went back to work on her laptop.

"Okay Hun see ya on Monday," he winked at her.

"Have a great weekend Mr. Anderson." Tom breezed out quickly and once again Amy was alone with Lucas. She stared after Tom for a few minutes with longing. She would love to just sit down and have a drink. Her nerves had been on edge all afternoon.

Lucas's mood seemed to deteriorate once again after Tom left the room. "Why didn't you take your own car into work today?" He finally asked, ending twenty minutes of awkward silence.

"I don't have a car. I usually just ride the bus into work but Tom doesn't live too far from me so the last couple of days we've been carpooling together. I have no problem riding the bus though." She resented having to explain things to him.

"I'll give you a ride home tonight since I'm keeping you late," he said as if the matter was instantly settled. He didn't expect anything but her compliance.

She sat there for a moment before replying. "I don't need a ride home tonight. I told you I'm used to riding the bus. I'll be fine," she said between clinched teeth. She could tell that wouldn't be the end of the discussion but she wouldn't let the man walk all over her, boss or not.

Her reply infuriated him. How dare she tell him no when he was offering her a ride! He wasn't used to anyone defying him and it really pissed him off she would rather ride the bus than accept a ride home from him. Was his company so repulsive to her she couldn't stand to be in his presence for even a moment longer than she had too?

He was already confused enough about how he felt and really didn't want to say something he would regret so he decided to say nothing else but if she really believed he was going to allow her to ride the bus then she wasn't as smart as he believed her to be.

She may be stubborn but he could certainly outlast her. He was used to people bending over backwards for him. It was a bit of a shock but not all that unpleasant of one to find someone who was willing to argue with him. He found that he liked Amy a bit more each time she challenged him but there was no way the tiny little vixen was going to get her own way that night, not when it was an issue of her safety at hand.

He could see she was getting tired but he kept piling work upon her. For one thing he was still angry she refused to ride with him and secondly he just wanted to be in her company. He was used to working late and before he knew it time completely got away from him.

"Mr. Anderson, I don't want to complain but it's eleven at night. Can I just come in tomorrow if this really needs to get done?" she asked him with fatigue showing. He felt a little guilty he'd let his temper override his good judgment. He would've never normally made her stay so late.

"We can finish this all up on Monday," he told her. "Let's get out of here." He placed his weekend work in his briefcase and walked with her into her office. He stood by the door while Amy placed her work down and gathered her purse and coat. She glanced up and he could tell she was surprised to see him still standing there.

"Okay, Mr. Anderson, I'll see you Monday." She tried to make a quick exit and headed straight towards the elevators, hoping he would forget all about the ride issue. He grinned to himself enjoying the edge to her voice. He found it comical she thought he could so easily be dismissed.

Usually women were chasing him all over the place. He liked the cat and mouse game with his new assistant.

Amy pressed the elevator button and they both stepped on for the long ride down. Neither of them spoke. He was smiling to himself while she was fighting her irritation.

They stepped out of the elevator and walked towards the doors. "Hi Amy, you're working late tonight. There are no more busses running this late. Would you like for me to call you a cab?" the night guard asked.

"That would be great Paul," she gave him her best smile. "How's that beautiful little girl of yours doing? Did she make the basketball team?"

"Yes she made varsity and has been prancing around the house for two days now. I'll show you the pictures just as soon as my wife gets them developed," he continued on. "Good night Mr.

Anderson. Have a safe ride home," he said to Lucas as if just realizing he was there with the two of them.

"Paul, Ms. Harper won't need that cab called. I'll give her a ride home tonight," Lucas stated with the confidence of knowing his word would be taken with no questions asked. Paul looked from her rigid face to his boss's unyielding expression and decided he wasn't getting in the middle of whatever was going on.

"Okay then, enjoy your weekend." He turned and walked back over to his desk.

Lucas pulled Amy through the front doors while gripping her arm. She didn't want to cause a scene in front of Paul so she went without a struggle but she was going to give Lucas a piece of her mind once they were outside. Of all the obnoxious, arrogant things the man could do. If he felt he could manhandle her and just expect her to go along with it he had another thing coming.

As soon as they were outside she turned towards him ready to unleash all her anger that had been building the past few hours. "Look..." she didn't get to finish. He suddenly pulled her into his arms and crushed his lips to hers.

She was so stunned she stood there rigid for about three seconds while his lips stroked hers.

Then, she forgot who she was, let alone who he was and melted into his arms. All of the anger and frustration, added to her building attraction for the man, spilled over and she melted in his arms.

There were no thoughts of protest or anger anymore. She'd never been knocked off her feet before but there was a first time for everything. Her body was on fire and she never wanted the feeling to stop.

Her arms reached around his neck and her lips opened in invitation, allowing him full access to her mouth. His lips softened, caressing instead of bruising. His arms moved up and down her back, molding her body to his. She felt like she couldn't get close enough.

She couldn't breathe, but she had no need for oxygen. She only needed his body pressed into hers. She only needed his lips to keep working their magic. Her stomach had a million butterflies fluttering around and sparks of electricity shot through her body.

Lucas was ready to take her there on the sidewalk. His body and mind were on fire for her. He couldn't have remembered his own name if someone had asked it right then. He had to have her.

He started to lift up the bottom of her shirt, forgetting they were standing on the sidewalk in full view of anyone who cared to walk by.

Amy was the first of them to snap back to reality. What was she doing? She was about ready to let her boss take her against the outside wall of the office building. She snapped her head back and pushed him away. Before she knew what she was doing her hand came up and slapped him hard across the cheek.

She stood there, breathing heavily, her eyes rounded to twice their normal size. She'd just about made love to her boss against a wall, in public and then she'd slapped him in the face. She could do nothing but stare at him in horror.

Lucas couldn't tell if she was stunned from the kissing, the slapping, or both. She also looked flushed and disheveled. He took a step back so he wouldn't grab her again. He would gain control of himself because he knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that she would be his. He knew that he wouldn't be able to break the spell she had over him until they both caved into the feelings that were coursing through them.

"I will allow that one for free, but be ready to face the consequences if you slap me again," he said, while rubbing his jaw. She had really put some body weight behind the hit, he was thinking.

She wasn't some helpless female who couldn't hold her own against him.

"How dare you," she spat. "You don't just go around kissing anyone you feel like. You may be rich and great looking, but you don't own me. I'm your employee and nothing more." With those words she spun around and started walking away. She had no idea where she was heading. She just knew that she had to get away from him before she burst into tears. She was completely confused about how she was feeling at that moment and needed a few minutes to clear her head.

She took about five steps before Lucas grabbed her arm and spun her around. "I don't know what kind of a game you're playing Amy but you gave just as much as you took back there," he snapped. His body was still on fire and her hot and cold was playing havoc with him. He wanted to throw her down on the sidewalk and take her in one swift move, which shocked the hell out of him.

"I'm sorry about that," she barely got out. "I lost my head for a moment but if you think I took this position so I could sleep with my boss then you have another thing coming. Just forget this night happened. I know I will. I will see you on Monday Mr. Anderson." She struggled to pull away from his iron grasp.

Her words were escalating his temper. It was like she'd thrown a cup of ice cold water in his face. She would forget about what had just happened? Like hell she would. He was close to reminding her once again of their chemistry. Only a lot of years of tightly reigned in self-control prevented him from doing just that.

He wouldn't be forgetting about her anytime soon and he realized that he didn't want her to forget about him either. He was sorely tempted to call her on her bluff but knew he didn't have the willpower to stop twice in a few minutes time. The next time he started things they would be somewhere it could be finished and he would make sure that she was an active participant and not a victim.

Instead of kissing her he kept pulling her along behind him. She fought him each step of the way but he guessed she knew her words would do no good because she remained silent. He reached his car and clicked the lock. He wasted no time tossing her in the front seat and then walking around to get into the driver's side.

He turned the car on and pulled out of the parking lot. "Where do you live Amy?" She was so seething mad that she had to count to ten in her head before she could speak again. "I told you I didn't want a ride with you!" she finally spit out.

"Well, whether you wanted the ride or not, you got it, so it would be really helpful if you would just tell me where you lived. That is unless you want to just come back to my place and finish what we started back there on the street," he said.

Once again, she had to count silently in her head. She felt trapped between a rock and a hard place. The last thing she wanted was for her extravagant boss to see where she was living. She planned on getting out of there as soon as she had enough money saved up. She thought for a few moments and then gave him an address of a nearby apartment building.

She knew that if he really wanted to find her place he was perfectly capable, but on the other hand she didn't see that he would ever have any reason to go looking for her either, that is after the night finally ended.

They pulled up to the apartment complex and she saw a car turn on their backup lights. She knew that she would have to move quickly or he would insist on walking her to the door. He stopped to wait for the car and she jumped out before he could stop her and dashed around the side of the building.

She said nothing to him, didn't even glance back to see his expression. She would assume he was furious with her for getting the upper hand. Once in a while the man surely had to lose a battle, even if she was sure that he always won the war.

Amy wasn't taking any chances and as soon as he was out of her sight she went into a full blown sprint and hid behind some shrubs. She stayed there for much longer than was probably necessary. Finally, when she figured he was gone, she crept out and snuck to the front of the building, peaking around and looking for his car.

The coast was clear. She sighed to herself. She had about a two mile walk to get back to her place and the shoes she was wearing were not made for it. Oh well she thought, she may as well get started.

She said a silent prayer that she wouldn't get mugged on the way. The neighborhood wasn't exactly what you would call family friendly and she was usually not out so late alone.

After an hour Amy finally reached her place and then sighed in disgust. It was a very weathered, hundred year old home that hadn't been maintained. She'd scrubbed her room from top to bottom for two days straight before ever sleeping there.

She'd just needed to stay there long enough to finish her college degree. She worked full time while going to school, but had barely made enough to cover tuition, let alone living expenses.

She'd always been willing to do whatever it took to make a better future for herself. She wasn't afraid of hard work and had proven it to herself and others throughout the years.

Her single mother had been about the worst parent imaginable and had taken her from one crack house to the next. Amy had always been hungry, dirty and had to fight her moms many friends off on a daily basis.

She was so grateful that she'd discovered the local libraries as her sanctuaries and fell in love with reading. She'd spent hours upon hours going through every book imaginable from opening till closing.

The library had been warm and it was there that she knew she would go to college and never ever live that way again. When her mother died when she was only fourteen years old and she had been one of the lucky few to be placed in a good foster home she'd received her first real break in life. She'd mourned her mother, even though she hadn't deserved to be mourned, but at the same time she'd know that she was one of the lucky ones to have gotten out of the bad situation that she was in.

She'd gone from a drug infested apartment to a family friendly neighborhood with a great school and she'd even earned some scholarships. She already knew how to survive on nothing and once she graduated and then landed the great job with the Andersons Corporation her dreams were finally almost a reality. In one more month she would finally have a real home of her own.

Amy snapped back to reality as she let herself into her shared rental and looked around her dilapidated bedroom. She lifted her head high though, because she was soon going to be out of the horrible place and she would never once look back.

Thanks to her job she would finally be able to get a nice place and start a family of her own. She would put up with her attraction to her boss because she knew that she wouldn't be able to find another job that paid as well. She wouldn't give up so easily.

Saturday morning Tom was getting ready to head out the door and drive to Amy's house when his phone rang. "Speak to me," he said into the phone in his usual chirpy voice.

"I'm looking for Tom please," replied the very formal tone of Lucas.

"This is Tom. How can I help you Mr. Anderson?" Why would the boss be calling him on a Saturday?

"Tom, I'm searching for Amy's address. The one in her personnel file appears to be wrong. She left her purse in my car last night and I need to return it to her. Since you've been carpooling together you must have it." Tom almost gave the information to him without thought.

The way his boss spoke came out much more like a command from a drill sergeant. He felt like he should be saluting and shouting, yes Sir. He stopped himself in the nick of time, remembering that Amy had a wrong address for a reason.

"I'll be seeing Amy this weekend Mr. Anderson. I could take the purse to her. She's meeting me at the bar later tonight," he said. Tom figured this would make all parties happy. He figured wrong.

"Tom, I don't hand over one employee's belongings to another employee. I will see to it that Amy gets her purse back, myself. If you would be so kind as to give me that address now then I can get her the purse." His voice had been formal before, now it was cold as ice.

Wow, Tom was thinking, this guy has it bad. If I want to keep my job I'd better let him know that I'm not interested. "Um, Mr. Anderson, Amy and I are just friends. She's really, really, not my type, if you know what I mean. So, you don't have to worry about inter office dating or anything with us." He figured Lucas was a smart guy and would put two and two together.

There was a short pause on the end of the line and then a more pleasant sounding Lucas spoke again. "Well, that's good. I don't like dating between my employees but I still need that address so that I can get her purse to her." He still spoke with authority, although not quite as cold.

Lucas wasn't happy having to repeat himself. He was still miffed that she'd run from his vehicle the night before. He didn't like to be ignored and no one had ever been so repulsed by his presence that they'd felt the need to run away from him and now he had two employee's that didn't seem to want to give him what he wanted. It was taking all of his will power to not throttle them both.

"The thing is I don't have the address. I pick her up and drop her off at the bus stop nearest her place. She refuses to let me take her to the actual house. I don't like doing it that way but she always calls me when she's inside and at least I get her as close as possible." Tom wasn't happy about the arrangement but Amy was strong willed and he took what little bit she was willing to give him.

On the other end of the line Lucas was barely keeping his temper in check. He'd figured out that she'd lied to him about where she was living. That had been easy enough. He'd simply called the management company of the apartments and asked them if she lived there.

They'd told him she wasn't currently living there but at the beginning of the week she'd put in an application for one of their apartments. They had a unit coming available in three weeks and she'd reserved it. Her being new to the workforce had been a negative but they'd spoken to his father earlier in the week and since Joseph backed her up they were thrilled to have her for a tenant.

"Look Mr. Anderson, I really have to get going. I know that she's in a really crappy place right now but I'm going to offer her a place to stay for a few weeks until she gets her new apartment.

She told me she just finished up with college and got hired to your company and was really excited to have her first nice place," Tom spoke quickly before Lucas was able to cut him off.

"Thank you Tom. I appreciate the information. I will speak with Ms. Harper personally." He hung up the phone without bothering to say goodbye.

Tom was forgotten about the second the phone touched its receiver. All he was thinking was that he would be finding her that day. After about an hour of speaking to various people Lucas had the information he wanted. He had grown up with money, but had been taught from a young age not to use it against people. But there were times when having money made life simpler and being able to gain information that was needed was one of those times.

He was uneasy as he neared her house. The neighborhood wasn't somewhere he would hang out in comfortably in the daytime and never at night. By the time he saw the actual place she was living in he was appalled and beyond angry. What was she doing there? How could she so casually risk her own safety? He wouldn't wish his worst enemy in the house or the neighborhood that she was residing in. When he saw places like the home she was staying in, it was a humbling experience for him and he knew that he needed to make more time for his volunteer work because there were so many people out there who needed time and money. It was easy to forget about those things when they were out of sight, but not when it was right in front of his face.

He'd been doing volunteer work since he was a young boy, as had his brothers. The busier he got in his day to day life the easier it was for him to forget about people in need, but as he looked upon the sad excuse for a house, he made a vow to himself that he would make the time no matter what else was going on in his life.

Lucas carefully walked up the steps, afraid he was going to fall through the rotten porch at any moment. The door looked no better and he would've been grateful to have some Lysol on him after placing his hands anywhere near it. He reluctantly raised his fist and knocked loudly so he could be heard above the screeching of animals, which seemed to be coming from every which direction.

Chapter Three

After about five minutes the door was answered by a man reeking of alcohol and wearing nothing but a pair of dirty boxer shorts. "Hey dude, you sure don't look like the pizza boy. Did I win something?" the man blubbered.

"I'm looking for Amy Harper please," Lucas said with disgust.

"It figures that the first person to visit that snob is a suit," the intoxicated man mumbled. He looked Lucas up and down and then muttered, "I should've been charging her more rent. She's obviously doing well." He then turned around and shouted for Amy.

"Amy, you have some high and mighty guy here to see you," he said before walking away from the door. Lucas hoped that was the last he would see of the man. He couldn't understand how she could feel safe with him nearby.

Lucas heard a door creaking open somewhere in the house and then Amy was standing before him. There were no other words to describe the look she gave him other than horrified. She looked like a deer caught in the hairs of a crossbow and he knew that she would rather sink through the floor than stand there in the filthy house and speak to him.

Amy felt her heart pounding. She was sure that he could see it through the thin shirt she was wearing. How had he found the place? She was sure that he was horrified that she could live in such horrible conditions but she'd been willing to do anything and everything to get through school, even if that meant sleeping in a place she wouldn't want to even give to an animal for shelter.

Lucas would've found humor at Amy's look any other time but with her standing in the filthy house with that disgusting man nearby made all traces of humor wash away. He wanted nothing more than to throw her over his shoulder and remove her from the house. She was far too vulnerable and naive to survive in such an environment.

"Aren't you going to invite me in?" Lucas asked between clenched teeth.

"Mr. Anderson, how did you find this place? I'm only here temporarily, I swear. I'll be moving into those apartments in just a couple of weeks," she sounded anxious.

"I made a few phone calls. You were in such a hurry to get away from me last night you left your purse in my car," he replied. She looked down and noticed him holding her purse.

Amy reached out to take the purse from him but he held it back and then he finally stepped inside the doorway. She backed away from him, avoiding physical contact. "Mr. Anderson, there's really no need for you to come inside. I appreciate you bringing me my purse but I was just getting ready to step out." She wouldn't make eye contact with him and he could barely stop himself from grabbing hold of her chin and forcing her head up to meet his gaze.

"Let's get your coat. We need to have a talk," was all he said in response to her. Those words finally made her look up and some color came back into her washed out face. Good, he thought, he would much rather see her angry than embarrassed or defeated.

"You may be my boss Monday through Friday, Mr. Anderson, but the weekends are mine to do as I please," she heatedly stated. "You can see yourself out." She turned towards her room expecting him to leave.

She didn't know him well if she thought he could be dismissed so easily. He quietly followed her into her room and shut the door behind them both. She turned around at the sound of the door shutting and glared furiously at him.

"You just don't listen, do you?" she shouted. "I told you I have things to get done today. I'm more than willing to let you be the boss during the week but my personal time's my own and I don't owe you any explanations," she finished, losing some steam.

Lucas barely even heard her words. Her room was almost homey. He didn't think there was one speck of dust anywhere in there. It was small, very small. His walk in closet was bigger than her room but he was impressed with how neat and tidy everything was.

She had a wire hanging up against the far wall with clothing hanging on it, some of which was going to give him more sleepless nights. She also had some sort of bucket in the corner with laundry soap next to it. On the other wall was a small dresser with a little fridge and burner on top of it. The walls were painted a nice shade of lavender.

In the middle of the room, just a couple feet in front of him, stood her twin sized bed. It was made up with a very appealing quilt on top. The bed seemed to be sitting on some sort of blocks.

He could see that she'd put some real effort and time into her little area but unfortunately placing a china bowl into a sewer didn't make the sewer any better to be around. You didn't see the beautiful bowl; all you saw was the muck around and on it. His only thought was how could anyone live in a place like this?

Well, that was his only thought until he looked at her bed again. Her bed, which she'd just gotten out of a few hours ago; the bed he wanted to throw her on right then. His pants were far too tight and there was a bead of sweat breaking out on his forehead the longer he stood there.

Lucas took a step towards Amy. He was losing his internal battle and was about to take her right then and there. He'd sworn he wasn't going to start anything until he could finish it and as disgusting as the house was, there was a clean bed in front of him, which would work just fine.

Suddenly the door was thrust open and in walked her drunken, mostly nak*d roommate. Lucas was close to punching the guy, which was something he hadn't done since his college days.

Lucas was getting ready to push him back out the door he'd come in through, when he spoke.

"Well Amy, since it looks like you've been lying to me," he slurred. "Your rent just tripled and I want it all right now or you can get your rich ass out of my house."

"I don't have that kind of money..." she began.

He quickly interrupted her "you're always walking around here like you're so much better than the rest of us. You're picking things up and have that look of contempt on your face. Seeing your boyfriend here I know you have plenty of dough. That car he's driving is worth more than three of these houses. Now I want my money!" He shouted and took a menacing step in her direction.

Lucas quickly stepped in his path and the look in his eyes stopped the man from coming any closer. Normally Lucas would've stopped the guy from speaking to her that way but things were working out better than he could've hoped for. He'd been planning on demanding she leave the place but now he wasn't the one who had to look like the bad guy.

The worthless piece of trash was making Lucas into the hero. He would be getting her out of the house right then and the drunken slob was the responsible one.

"You drunken bastard, I've never once put you or this piece of crap place down. I've always paid you on-time each month just so you could take my money and get high. I've stayed here only because I've had no other choice and for your information I was leaving here in a couple of weeks anyway. I'm sick of your stench!" She finished with tears in her eyes.

"Get out now you snobby whore..." he shouted before he was interrupted by Lucas.

"That's enough. You'll leave this room now. I'll help Amy get whatever she wants but you won't speak to her that way again or you'll deal with me," Lucas said. The man stepped back and made a quick retreat. Even he knew better than to disobey Lucas at that moment.

"Amy, you don't need to take anything from here. I'll replace everything. Let's just get out." Lucas was trying to be kind but it came out sounding like her stuff was worth nothing, which embarrassed her.

"You may make more money in one day than I've made in my entire life but I still take pride in my belongings," she snapped at him.

"Amy, I wasn't trying to put you or your things down. I just don't feel this guy is stable and I want to get you out of here as quickly as possible."

She finally broke down into tears. "I don't take handouts!" Amy spat through her tears.

Lucas moved towards her and pulled her into his arms. She tried to push him off but it was like moving a two ton boulder. She stopped fighting him and then sobbed on his shoulder for a few minutes.

Finally, when he could tell she'd calmed down enough, he helped her gather her belongings together. He made a phone call and by the time they finished packing his brother was there with his truck.

"Hey bro, am I interrupting something?" Amy looked up to find another Adonis in her room.

"Is it a rule in your family that all children are born better looking than the Greek Gods?" Amy spoke before thinking. When she realized what she'd said her entire face turned bright red.

Lucas looked at her with shock. She thought he was gorgeous? Well, well, he thought, his assistant was keeping things from him. She wasn't as immune to him as she was trying to lead him to believe. He really liked that and was definitely planning on exploring it further.

"You must be the famous Ms. Harper who's causing my brother many sleepless nights," Alex spoke as he walked right up to her and lifted her up in a huge bear hug. Amy was too stunned to say anything.

She was also shocked to find that when Alex placed her back on her feet, she hadn't felt any chemistry with the guy. He was as gorgeous as his brother, with a body to match and yet there were no fireworks going off at his touch, unlike how she felt in Lucas's arms.

The fact didn't please Amy. She didn't want to be attracted to Lucas but her traitorous body wasn't listening. She would just have to make sure her mind was in charge and not her hormones.

"Alex, would you please quit manhandling her? Amy this is my obnoxious younger brother Alex, he just happens to have a truck and was available, so I couldn't pass up his help," Lucas said.

Before Amy knew what was happening they had her room cleared out and loaded into Alex's truck.

"I'll see you guys at the house," he said to both of them, then turned his full attention on Amy. "I can't wait to steal you away from my big brother Amy. You're stunning and way too good for this gigolo. Don't break my heart." He finished talking, gave her a quick kiss on the lips, again lifting her off the ground, then turned and trotted over to his truck.

Amy was so stunned; she didn't know what to do. She'd never been around such confident men before. Finally she gave into her natural good humor and started laughing. How could you not enjoy the company of such a fun guy? She knew he didn't mean what he said but she wasn't used to men flirting so openly with her, even if it was harmless like what he was doing.

Lucas on the other hand didn't look so amused. "You need to ignore my little brother. He lets hormones run his entire life and he does like pretty women but he's harmless." He took her hand and led her towards his car.

He wouldn't admit to her how he'd wanted to smash his brother in the face for daring to kiss his woman. He also wouldn't admit how jealous he was at that moment that she hadn't slapped his brother in the face for kissing her. She'd seemed to enjoy it. He made himself calm down, because he knew his brother had just been trying to get a rise out of him.

It had worked.

When they reached the passenger side of his car, Amy suddenly hesitated. "Wait a minute.

Where's all my stuff going? I don't even know where I'm going yet. This happened so fast I haven't had time to think about what happens next." Lucas could see she was starting to panic.

"Amy, calm down. I'm going to take you up to the family house for now. My brother told my father what was going on and dad wanted to speak with you." She started to shake her head no when he looked into her eyes. "Amy, it's not smart to tell my father no," was all he said.

Amy sighed, knowing she'd been defeated with those words. Joseph Anderson wasn't only the family patriarch but he was the man who'd taken a chance on her and there was no way she would deny him anything.

Amy said nothing else; she just climbed in the vehicle and buckled her seat belt. Lucas chuckled as he walked around the car. He knew how she was feeling. When his father beckoned, you came. You didn't come because he was the head of the family; you came because the man earned respect. You came because he was the type of man you'd bend over backwards for.

He'd been an exceptional father. He'd never placed work ahead of his family and he was always the first one any of the kids came to with a problem, or with good news. That's why he'd been notified so quickly of Amy's situation. The family always told him everything.

Lucas didn't speak to Amy on the ride to the family mansion. He knew that she needed time to compose herself. She'd been through a lot during the last few hours. And he was happy to think he wasn't the bad guy in the current situation.

Amy needed the time because she was about to be thrust into the chaos of his family. Everyone was up at the manor this weekend for his mother's birthday. Any holiday was cause for the family to celebrate together but his mother's birthday was definitely a huge bash.

His father always said that his wife's birth was a great cause for celebration. She was the light of his life and his world would've been empty without her. He felt her birthday should be a national holiday.

"Mr. Anderson, it looks like you have company right now. This is probably not the best time for me to be here. Will you please just let me use your phone so I can call a cab and get out of your hands?" she spoke barely above a whisper.

"Not a chance," was his only reply.

Amy looked down at herself and then back up at him. "I'm wearing old jeans," she pleaded with him. "Please don't make me go in there looking like this." He just laughed at the panicked look on her face and her horrified voice.

"Amy, you act like we're all a bunch of snobs. We're normal people too. So what if we like fancy things. You're the one being a snob right now, judging my family on what we have," he said accusingly.

His words worked like a charm. She hung her head down in shame and just nodded at him. It was almost enough to give him a pinch of guilt but at least he was getting what he wanted. And one thing that Amy needed to learn about him was that he always got what he wanted.

Lucas came around the car and helped her out. He placed her arm in his and half pulled her up the large staircase. She'd come to the mansion for her job interview so at least she didn't have to be quite as intimidated.

Even though she'd been there before her breath was still taken away by the beauty of it all. She was sure that kings would be impressed with the house. You couldn't even call it a house. It was grander than a castle.

Lucas led her through the foyer and into the back. She heard laughter even before they opened up some massive doors somewhere in the middle of the place.

"You finally made it here. What did you do, take the scenic route? I've been here for a half hour already and I wasn't the one driving the race car." Alex came up and nudged his brother in the ribs.

"All is forgiven though since you brought my beautiful future bride. How you doing gorgeous?

We've been apart far too long already. Do you want to run away with me to Vegas and get married?" he joked with her. He threw his arm around her and dragged her over for a drink.

Lucas shook his head and rolled his eyes. He knew his brother was even more afraid of marriage than he was himself. He was still going to keep an eye on her though because if anyone could change his brother from committed playboy to a happily married man, it would be Amy.

He was going to make sure and stake his claim, so that both his brothers knew that Amy wasn't on the market. He was amazed at the jealousy coursing through him. He'd never felt that way with any other woman he'd dated. If a woman he was dating wanted to run off with one of his brothers he would have gladly said goodbye.

Not that it would've been an issue, as neither of his brothers would ever trespass on the others'

woman. They had a code among them and would never break it. You just didn't try and steal your brother's girl. Now, on the other hand making one of said brothers jealous was a whole other issue and each of the guys loved to push buttons.

He started to walk over to take his woman, umm, employee back when Esther saved him from doing just that.

"Now Alex you leave this girl alone. You're flirting shamelessly and embarrassing her. How are you doing hunny?" she asked kindly.

"I'm doing just great. I'm really getting that computer program down and I don't think I will have to call you at all on Monday. Today is just another speed bump. Nothing to worry about," Amy told Esther with a brave face.

Lucas could see she wasn't used to having people worry about her, or love her for that matter.

She would have to get used to both. Employees of the Andersons were considered family. They took care of their own. Her days of bearing the weight of the world on her own shoulders had ended.

"I know you're doing great at work. I meant how are you doing with your life? I heard about your place," she said sympathetically. Before Amy knew what was happening she was engulfed in a hug.

"Now don't you be afraid to ask for help once in a while. We'll be getting to know each other well and this family takes care of the people they love," she said. She visited a bit and then stepped away to talk with some other people in the room.

"Amy, I'm so glad you're here. We have much to talk about but that will come later. I'm sure you've noticed all these people milling around." Joseph's enthusiasm made Amy jump a bit. He continued on before she had a chance to say one word.

"Today's my amazing wife's birthday and we all come together to celebrate this beautiful woman's entrance into the world. Come, come, I want you to meet her, along with some others.

I've told her all about our newest employee," he finished.

He placed her arm in his and she had to jog a little bit to keep up with him. He may have retired from being president, but he'd built the company and was still very much invested and she noticed he spoke with affection when bringing the business up. For the next twenty minutes Joseph dragged her all over the room, making so many introductions that she knew she would never remember all the people.

No one was dressed in tuxes or anything but she was still very uncomfortable standing in the beautiful room wearing only her old jeans and a sweatshirt. No one was looking at her in disgust, at least not that she'd noticed but she was still self-conscious about her appearance.

There was a stir in the room and suddenly she was standing in front of another Greek God.

Seriously, did they grow them on trees? She saw the resemblance and knew that this must be the last brother. Holy smokes, he was sexy as sin.

The man was wearing skin tight, worn out Wrangler jeans, a black cowboy hat that had seen better days and a grin stretched across his face.

"Hey boy, what took you so long? You know your mama's been crying, wondering where her son was. She figured you forgot all about her," Joseph said while leaning in to give his son a hug.

"Ah dad, Isabelle was birthing and I had to make sure she was going to be okay. Chad's with her though so I hurried right over," he said sheepishly to his father.

"Well just as long as you got here before we cut her cake," Joseph said, forgiving his son's late arrival.

"Now who's this gorgeous woman you have on your arm? Did mom finally come to her senses and kick you to the curb?" He turned, giving Amy his undivided attention.

She felt a blush come to her cheeks. She immediately looked down, not wanting him to catch her gawking, but she didn't see how any of the brothers had a moment of peace from all the women.

She could simply gaze at them and just soak up their stunning looks and megawatt smiles.

"Mark quit embarrassing our guest. This is Amy Harper. She's the newest executive secretary for your worthless brother over there, who by the way is giving you the evil eye," Joseph goaded him.

Mark turned around and saw the look on his brother's face that clearly told him Amy wasn't just his assistant. His brother was making it clear to all men in the room that the woman was his.

Mark sent him a huge grin, which grew even wider when he saw Lucas's eyes narrow a bit more.

Mark decided to goad his big brother a bit. "Well Ms. Amy, it's truly a pleasure to meet you. I have a real job opening for you if you get sick of working for that stuffed shirt of a brother of mine," he said while giving her a flirtatious wink.

Then Amy was bent backwards over his arm and getting a kiss in front of a room full of strangers. He then whipped her straight up and threw his arm around her shoulder. "Do you want to run away with me? You're simply stunning and one hell of a kisser," he said with a wink.

Amy feared her face would remain scarlet the entire time she was around the Anderson family.

They all had no problem with physical contact and were far too gorgeous for their own good.

Amy realized she'd been kissed by all the brothers now. She was dismayed to find that only Lucas caused a burning flash inside of her.

She knew that both of Lucas's brothers were joking with her but usually when a woman was kissed by a man as suave and downright gorgeous as both Mark and Alex were, she couldn't control the body's natural responses.

Even though both of the brothers were spectacular, it had felt like kissing a cousin. She must be going out of her mind. She was pondering that when Lucas walked up to them. She hadn't even noticed that Mark's arm was still around her.

"Okay Mark, you can quit manhandling Amy. I'm going to take her to get some food. She's not available," he finished.

With that she was switched from one brother to the next. She was beginning to feel like a shiny new toy. She would definitely remember to correct him on telling people who she was available for. She didn't want to date anyone at the moment but it wasn't his place to make that announcement.

Amy was surprised to find she was enjoying the evening, even with the earlier drama still in the back of her mind. No one in the home made her feel inadequate that she was wearing far less than dress clothes. Everyone there was friendly and inviting. She was shocked by how many employees and former employees of the company were at the party.

Amy observed how everyone was treated like a part of the family. The things she'd read about the Anderson family in the papers were all make believe, it appeared. They'd been portrayed in every sort of scandal you could imagine but the papers didn't do justice to any of them. They were truly amazing people.

Amy let go of her problems and even forgot she was technically homeless at the moment. She was simply having too much of a pleasant time. She ate great food and visited with so many interesting people. She had no idea how late it was getting until she was sitting comfortably in the swinging chair on the back deck and noticed the party was starting to thin out.

Her problems came crashing back to the forefront of her mind. She didn't have much money saved up so far. She had her first few paychecks, which were impressive but that money was supposed to be for the down payment on her new apartment. If she dipped into those funds to stay at a motel it would take longer to get into her place.

Oh well, she thought; she had no choice but to do that. It just delayed her plans by a month or two. It was no problem. She was so close to her goals that nothing was going to stop her. In the large scheme of things it was a minor setback.

"There you are Amy. I sit in this swing quite a bit myself," Joseph stated, startling her out of her reverie. "The party has finally wound down so let's step into my office and take care of some business," he continued on.

"Yes sir," she replied. Her first instinct was to panic. Was she going to get fired now that Lucas had seen how she was living? Please, please don't get fired she repeated in her head over and over again. Then she let logic step back in. He wouldn't invite her to the party only to fire her, would he?

She would just remain calm, no matter what happened and remember that she'd been through far worse things than losing a job. No matter what happened she was going to hold her head up high.

Amy followed Joseph through a maze of hallways wondering how he didn't get lost in the huge palace of a home. There was so much artwork along the walls. She stopped in her tracks when she came across one painting. It was a piece by her favorite artist, Thomas Kinkaid. It looked like an original.

It was one of her favorites, with a beautiful cottage sitting right next to a stream. The painting was so stunning. It looked as if the water was actually moving and the lights in the cottage were on and beckoning you to come inside. Whenever she saw that particular painting she would close her eyes and imagine she was sitting on the front porch and watching her worries drift away down the stream. She smiled at the appealing thought, glad for seeing the beautiful painting at a moment in her life when it was needed.

She missed Joseph's smile at her look of rapture from seeing at the painting. The more he was around Amy, the more he knew he'd made the right decision. She wasn't awed by the million dollar statues, or fancy cars, she was impressed with the real works of beauty. She really would make a great addition to his family.

Amy snapped out of her reverie, mumbled sorry and continued to follow Joseph into his home office. She'd been in there once for her interview but had been far too nervous to really look around.

It was actually very inviting. There was a huge fireplace that was crackling at the moment and a country theme to it. There were several comfortable chairs near the fire and a floor to ceiling bookcase lining one huge wall. She wandered over to the bookcase and found some of her favorite titles on it.

She caught herself just in time, before grabbing one of the copies off the shelf. She could imagine herself curled up on the sofa, by the fire, reading until she fell asleep. That sounded just about perfect right then.

Joseph sat down in one of the chairs near the fireplace and waited for her to look around. She finally remembered where she was and came to sit by him. The door opened again and Lucas walked in. Her eyes drank him up before she could stop herself.

She wouldn't fall for her boss. She repeated that to herself that about ten times. She finally gained the willpower to look away and focused on Joseph. She was very unnerved by the power Lucas had over her. She would certainly not let him know he could bring her to her knees easily with one more touch.

"Amy, we like to take care of our employees. Our philosophy is that if you treat your employees well then they will remain happy in their job and therefore be happier in their lives. It all comes around full circle. A happy employee equals happy clients," Joseph began.

"I'm very happy in my job sir. I know that I'm struggling a bit with the computer system but if you just give me a little bit more time I'll have it down. I'm more than willing to work weekends and stay late so I'm not using your time while learning the system," Amy started defending her job skills immediately.

"You're doing an amazing job dear. I have no complaints with how your work performance is going. Esther and Lucas have both said you are a real asset to the team. This conversation is not about any work problems," he comforted her.

Amy took a deep breath of relief.

"I brought you in here to let you know about your benefits while working for the company. You have been with us three months already and you're a valued employee," he said Amy had been worried that she may be losing her job but he only wanted to talk about her benefits. She was so excited she almost jumped up and hugged him. The relief coursing through her at not only not having her job in jeopardy but getting her benefits was making it hard for her to stand still.

"Mr. Anderson, thank you so much for your confidence in me. It truly means a lot. I promise to not let you down and I'll still be spending all of my extra time to make sure I'm giving you a hundred percent. This is the best job I could've ever hoped to get, especially right out of college," she said with real gratitude.

Joseph chuckled at the gratitude in her voice. "Amy, you're a breath of fresh air, but wouldn't you like to hear about your benefits before thanking me so much?" he asked.

"Yes, of course sir," she said.

"You know that officially I'm retired now and my son runs the company. He's doing a damn fine job of it but he asked me from the beginning if I would still handle all the personnel type issues.

He has a lot on his plate already and this is something I truly enjoy, as he knows well."

"Our company takes great pride in offering more benefits than your average corporation. I don't disclose this to new hires because, first of all I want them to take the position because they want to work here and second of all, if that employee doesn't work out then no harm caused," he continued on.

"We take care of all employees, from the top of the chain of command all the way to the bottom.

Our executive positions get a few added bonuses though, which is what you are Amy. You work for the president of the company and therefore we want to make sure you're extra taken care of." Amy was a little bit confused as he continued talking. What could they possibly give her that was better than medical benefits? She had no idea.

"First of all you'll receive a company car. Lucas will take you down to the dealership to pick it out tomorrow. Esther's favorite was always the Mercedes LX but you can choose what fits you best. You'll be doing a lot of driving for us and we want you to enjoy the ride," he smiled.

She got a car! She was so excited. She couldn't believe she got a company car. Did she get to take it home with her? She wanted to ask but was afraid that it would sound bad. Her forehead wrinkled a little bit as she was warring with herself on whether she should ask that or not.

"This will be your vehicle for personal use as well," he said as if reading her mind. "Unless there are performance issues with the vehicle, we trade them in every two years. Safety's a huge concern of ours and we don't want you breaking down on the side of the road somewhere," he added.

Was this company for real? She'd never heard of a business being so good to its employees. She would treat the vehicle like it was a newborn baby. She knew from her interview she was expected to do a lot of errands but hadn't really thought about how she was supposed to get from point a to point b. She was glad they were providing the transportation because some of the things she was transporting were too risky to take a chance on the subway with.

"Here's your new telephone," he said handing it over to her with a piece of paper. "Your number's on it. You have unlimited minutes so you may also use this as your personal cell and can turn off your other one. Communication's key to a good business and we need to be able to reach each other at all times, well that's except nighttime when work should be the last thing on anybody's mind," he added with a laugh. "However, unfortunately in the corporate world, time is forgotten and there will be some very late nights and long weekends," he added sympathetically.

She already knew that as he'd told her all about what was going to be expected of her in the job interview. She had no issues with working hard. She would've been willing to do it without all the added benefits but with them there was nothing she wouldn't do for the company.

"My dearest wife threw a couple of my company phones out into the lake when we were on vacation. She always told me that there was a time for work and then a time to relax." He added.

Amy already thought the world of his wife. That statement made her like the woman even more.

"Of course you'll have the finest medical insurance, which starts on Monday and all the other policies, which I've listed here. You can read through them later. They will help you to fall asleep," he again chuckled.

"Now for the biggest benefit, which I think is fitting considering your current situation, which Lucas has filled me in on." He added without any condemnation in his voice. "All of our executive officers are offered housing. We have a terrific apartment building that's reserved for our company personnel and visiting businessmen and woman. We do a lot of work with people overseas and have found that they far prefer these apartments to a hotel."

"There's low rent and all utilities are included with that. Several of our board members stay in the complex for years while saving up and then buying homes. There's no time limit on how long you stay. It's yours for the duration of the job. If you're out on sick leave the apartment's still yours. I want you to feel completely at home and safe in your new place." She had a feeling he knew a little bit about her past. Of course he would know about her past.

She figured he did extensive background checks on people he had working for his company, especially at such a high level.

"Your new apartment will be ready to move into by Monday. We had to do some painting and cleanup as that's where Esther was living for quite some time," he added. "I think you'll find it very comfortable. It's already furnished but Lucas will take you out tomorrow and you can pick your own decorations. Your things have already been moved in, except for a few clothes, which are sitting over by the door for you to use tomorrow."

"Well, that takes care of the business. Do you have any questions for me?" he finished.

Amy was stunned. She didn't know what to say. She had her own apartment. Her own apartment! It was even furnished. She would have few bills. Could this really be happening to her? She was so excited she forgot who she was for a moment and jumped up, throwing her arms around Joseph. "Thank you so much," she cried with enthusiasm.

Amy suddenly realized what she'd done and how unprofessional it was of her and leapt back.

"I'm sorry about that Mr. Anderson. That was completely unprofessional. It's just that I never imagined any of those things could be a part of a job and..." suddenly she choked up and couldn't speak.

Joseph rose from the couch and pulled her into a hug. "It's alright dear. I never turn down a hug.

You're a good person and highly intelligent. You earned all that you're receiving. Don't forget that young lady." He patted her back and then pulled away.

"As for this weekend, I understand that you don't have a place to stay so I would like to offer you the guest house here on the property. Now don't shake your head at me. We enjoy having people stay there. That's why it's called a guest house. There's no need for you to go stay in some hotel," he said, sounding like his son, leaving no room for argument.

"You look as if you're about to fall over so I'll have Lucas walk you out there. I noticed that you were eyeing the books. Would you like to take one with you to read this evening?" he offered.

Amy knew that there was no point in arguing with the man, she would lose anyway.

"That would be great Mr. Anderson," she simply replied.

Amy couldn't speak anymore or she was going to burst into tears. She'd never had anyone do so much for her. She'd never had someone have so much faith in her, or show so much caring. It was amazing how wonderful the family was. She understood why they'd been given so much.

They deserved everything they'd been given because they gave back tenfold. She couldn't believe how lucky she'd been to become involved with the company. She would most definitely deal with her attraction to her boss and she would try and not be so hostile towards him.

She knew there was no way they could be a couple, he was way out of her league and she didn't want to sleep with him and then lose everything, so she would just have to make sure that he understood they were simply employee and employer.

Amy went to the shelf and grabbed the book she'd been eyeing earlier. She couldn't wait to get lost in the story. She was already picturing herself in the fantasy world.

"Thanks again Mr. Anderson. You really have been too good to me. I hope that I don't let you down," she said.

"You'll be just great. I have a feeling we're all going to be working together for many years to come," he replied. He then turned and left the room. Suddenly, the once comfortable room seemed smaller than a closet with Lucas and her left all alone.

Chapter Four

Lucas watched the entire transaction between Amy and his father. He'd waited to see that look of greed in her eyes that all women usually got around his family when money was brought up.

Surprisingly, what he saw in her face was only shock, mixed with gratitude.

Could she really not care how much money his family was worth? He was going to find out. He knew if they went to bed she would turn, like all women and try and take him to the cleaners.

Little did she know that many women had tried and none had succeeded. He was sobered by the thought that she could just be the one woman who could bring him to his knees.

"Come with me Amy. I'll show you where you'll be sleeping the next couple of nights," he said as he took her arm.

Every time that Lucas touched her, fire shot throughout her body and it felt wonderful, which scared her. She didn't have time for a man in her life. She knew all he wanted was a cheap affair, after which, she would be discarded.

Then where would she be? She would have to quit her job, if he didn't fire her and she would've lost everything. She'd gone long enough without caving in to some arrogant man; she would last a bit longer.

She would just need to teach her body to go along with her mind. Her body seemed to have another idea all together though because she could picture him slowly taking her clothes off and running those extraordinary hands all over her. Then his mouth would follow where his hands had led the way. Her body responded as if he'd already caressed her.

She could feel the desire pooling the more she pictured Lucas's hands on her. Her n**ples were beaded in anticipation of his touch. Her stomach felt as if there were fireflies zipping around in it. The feelings of desire were so strong that she wanted nothing more than to reach out to him.

Stop, she shouted to herself in an internal battle. You will not fantasize about this man. This is your boss, your very generous boss. You need this job. You need these benefits you've just learned about. You don't need a night of passion. It wouldn't be worth the loss of everything else.

They arrived at the guest house and she was grateful he couldn't read minds. The house was set several dozen yards away from the main residence. She loved it at first glance. It was a small cottage surrounded by trees and flowers. There was a stone path leading towards the small covered porch.

It was the kind of place she dreamed of owning someday with her own child. She stood there for a moment, visualizing herself sitting in the old rocking chair with a baby in her arms. For a brief time she let the fantasy continue and Lucas was in the picture next to her, with his arm around them both. It was so perfect she actually sighed aloud.

Lucas looked at her quizzically. "Come in Amy. I'll show you where everything is. My parents had the kitchen stocked up so you will have plenty of food. There's fresh linen on the bed and clean towels. It's a small place so I don't think you'll get lost. Please help yourself to anything in the house. It's for guests, after all," he continued but Amy was too busy oooing and awing over the quaintness of the place.

It was perfect. There was a vase with fresh flowers sitting on the small kitchen table. The bathroom had been stocked with a variety of soaps and bath items. There was a huge garden tub she couldn't wait to dive into and it even had a soft reading light next to it. She was already anticipating herself in there.

"I'll get out of your way now so you can relax," Lucas said before quickly exiting. She wondered if she'd offended him by not telling him how amazing the place was. She pushed Lucas out of her mind as she began filling the tub with water and fragrance. The scent of the bubble bath was delicate and soothing. Her nerves began to calm instantly.

Lucas stopped on the front porch and took a deep breath. If he hadn't walked out right then and there he would've thrown her on the bed and made love to her until they were both incapable of walking. He wasn't going to wait too much longer. He needed to get her out of his system. He had to so his sanity could return to normal. If she hadn't kept glancing at him with her own smoldering passion then he may have been able to maintain a bit more of his own control. Her face was an open book, which he was sure she didn't like at all.

He walked back up to the big house to speak with his father for a few moments. "Did you get Amy all settled in?" Joseph asked.

"Yes dad, she loves the place," he said, while striving over to the liquor cabinet. He poured himself a triple shot of bourbon and downed the glass in one gulp. He felt his nerves start to calm a bit as the fire burned down his throat and made his eyes start to water. The pain of the drink was well worth it though, if it could calm his frayed nerves.

Lucas didn't see the knowing grin on Joseph's face. The boy has it bad, Joseph thought. Things were working out far better than he'd even hoped. He'd figured it would take a little bit longer than a few weeks before he saw that misery on his son's face. He had to turn away to hide the smile from his son.

"Where did you find Ms. Harper dad?" Lucas asked.

"We had a job fair at her college a few months ago and I got her resume then. I did some research on her and knew that she was perfect for the job. You know it takes someone real special to work for the president of our company," he answered.

"Yes, she's working out much better than I thought she would. She's a little mouthy, but I'm sure she'll settle down the longer she's there."

The two of them chatted for an hour about the company and things going on in their lives.

"Oh son, Amy forgot to take those papers. Will you run them down to her before you head out for the night?" Joseph asked casually. He'd been hoping his son would have stayed there longer with her in the first place. He may as well get them back alone.

"Sure dad. I'll do it now. I'm getting pretty tired anyway. Tell mom I love her and will see her tomorrow." He gave his dad a quick hug before heading back towards the cottage.

Lucas knocked on the door and there was no answer so he checked the doorknob. It was still unlocked. He was going to have to speak to her about that. He stepped in and was about to call out her name when she turned the corner.

Lucas couldn't take his eyes off of her. She was standing there with nothing on but a small towel barely covering her body. He could see all the way to the top of her milky white thighs. The top was so low that he could see the swells of her br**sts. She was still glistening and wet from her bath.

Her smell was drifting over to him. She smelled like some exotic goddess. He could detect some sort of spice, such as cinnamon. It was enough to make him want to take a few bites out of her.

One more inch in either direction and he would be able to see all of her secrets. Lucas didn't know when he started moving, but suddenly he was in front of her, wrapping his arms around her waist.

He pulled her damp, nearly nak*d body against his own and suddenly he was devouring her lips.

He felt her stiffen for a moment before she was grabbing him back just as hungrily. He'd never wanted a woman so badly.

For half a second he tried to regain control over his body but when he heard a soft moan escape her lips his control completely snapped. If she would've pushed him away, or told him no, he would've somehow been able to release her but she was just as hungry for him as he was for her.

With one swift move the towel was gone, letting his hands freely run up and down her body. He caressed her curves from top to bottom. Without breaking away from their kiss he suddenly picked her up and walked into the bedroom. He laid her on the bed, stripping out of his own clothing in record time.

His gaze was drawn down to the perfection of her body, causing his arousal to grow even more, although he didn't know how that was possible.

Amy's eyes rounded in excitement and awe as she stared at the perfection that was standing in front of her. Not a single flaw was present on him. His body looked like it belonged to a professional athlete instead of a businessman who sat in his office all day. Her gaze traveled down his form and she couldn't help the gasp that escaped her moistened lips. He was such a large man that a moment of fear consumed her as she wondered how they could possibly fit together.

Lucas noticed the look in her eyes, feeling fear, because if she changed her mind he would implode. Although taking his clothes off took no longer than a minute, he was already aching to touch her again. He knew after he took her the hunger would diminish. He'd never wanted a woman as much as he wanted her right then. He needed to finish it so that he could purge her from his system and have his life return to normal.

He joined her on the bed, his body covering hers. Together they shared a kiss, before he broke away to move his lips downward. He licked and sucked a path down her neck before slightly nipping at the sensitive skin, causing another moan to escape her lips. They both lost all thoughts and just enjoyed the intense pleasure. She started wiggling under him as her legs spread, inviting him to thrust inside. She was pleading for completion. She needed him to relieve the aching that had overcome her.

He refused to make her his though until he knew she was ready for him. Even though he wasn't going to last much longer, especially with her moving around beneath him, he would regret it if things ended too quickly. He needed her to feel the same pleasure and satisfaction he was feeling.

When his hands slid over her aching br**sts, with his thumbs tweaking her n**ples, her back arched off the bed pressing her body closer to his. She wrapped her hands around his head pulling him back to her, needing his lips on hers. His tongue made love to her mouth and she couldn't hold out much longer. The pleasure was so intense, it was painful. The more his tongue stroked the contours of her mouth, the more she squirmed. The moans coming out from deep within her throat were snapping the last bit of control he had left.

He ended the kiss to explore the rest of her body, causing her to cry out in frustration. Her intense reactions had him ready to spontaneously combust. He could feel the blood rushing all to one area, his own body begging him to end the torture he was bestowing on them both. He was going to sink deep inside of her and make her his. His and only his!

He tasted the soft silk of her stomach, feeling the quivering beneath his mouth. She was so responsive to his every touch that she was continually sending fire through his own system. As he moved his head lower and ran his tongue along her inner thigh, he felt the tremble that went through her entire body. He'd never been with such a responsive woman before and he was finding it harder than ever to maintain any semblance of control.

His mouth finally tasted her, causing her h*ps to arch off the bed as she cried out in pleasure. Her moans of pleasure gave him the strength to keep going. He tasted her sweetness, feeling her tremble beneath him. She suddenly tensed up and then her entire body jerked and she cried out as release washed through her. She was shaking beneath him. He flicked his tongue against her moist heat one last time and then slowly made his way back up her body.

She was slightly limp in his arms as he began kissing his way up her stomach. He couldn't seem to get enough of the taste or scent of her. He felt like he could worship her body for an endless amount of time. He made his way back up to her swollen br**sts and gently took one of her tight n**ples back into his mouth. She once again started to shake, as her body stirred back to life. He took his time moving from one sensitive peak to the other until he had her crying out for him again. He moved up her neck, sucking on the sensitive skin, feeling her pulse jump beneath his mouth. Then he moved back so that he was lying over her waiting body.

His mouth took hers again as his hand slid down to check if she was ready for him. He flicked his fingers over her swollen womanhood and then slipped them inside her warmth. Suddenly her whole body arched up again, as she groaned in pleasure. "Please!" She cried out. He knew that she was ready for him.

Lucas could take no more. He broke contact with her mouth. "Open your eyes. I want to see them when I make you mine," he whispered to her. Slowly, as if weights were holding them down, her eyes came half way open.

In one thrust he was buried deeply inside of her. He almost exploded with that first contact. She was so wet and tight. He felt her body stiffen and a sound of pain escaped her lips as she adjusted to him. Her eyes snapped wide open, while her mouth formed a look of shock.

Lucas's whole body stiffened as he realized she was a virgin. How did a woman, especially as attractive and sexually alluring as her, reach the age of twenty eight, still a virgin? The shock was bringing back some of his control for a moment. He had to stop. He didn't sleep with women who didn't know the score. He wasn't a 'happily ever after' kind of guy, which meant virgins were strictly off limits. He was about to pull out of her body when her face relaxed into pleasure once more and she sighed in ecstasy as her body adjusted around him.

He knew he should do the right thing and stop but when her h*ps moved up, gripping him even tighter, he once again lost all traces of control. He began to move in a steady rhythm but as her breathing became heavier and he felt her body quivering around him he couldn't take any more and started thrusting quickly. Her h*ps pushed up to meet him and she tightened in pleasure, sending him over the edge. His body started spilling into her. He shook with the release that washed over him. He'd never felt this connected to another woman. He didn't want it to end. He wanted to start from the beginning and do it all over once more. He wanted to keep them connected.

He lay there on top of her, not moving for a few moments, trying to bring his breathing back to normal. Realizing he was most likely crushing her he finally shifted and turned over, taking her with him. He didn't know what to say so said nothing and just laid there rubbing her back until he heard her steady breathing, indicating she'd fallen asleep.

He stayed there for another hour watching her sleep peacefully in his arms. In sleep, she couldn't seem to get close enough to him. Her leg was wrapped around his lower body and her head rested on his chest. She was the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen and she was his.

Suddenly Lucas's head snapped up. He'd been just about ready to fall asleep when the realization he hadn't used protection hit him. What had he been thinking? He'd never had sex with a woman without wearing a condom. He wasn't so stupid as to get caught in the baby trap.

His thoughts ran in a million different directions. He knew that there was no way she could've planned on the unprotected sex. How could she have known he was coming back to the cottage that night? There was no possible way she could've faked her reactions to him. He'd been with women who'd simply gone through the motions and he'd quickly walked away. He wanted a woman to be hot and willing when in his bed.

He was angry at himself, but turned that anger on her. He in no way wanted to be forced into marriage but if their night of passion led to a child then there was no way he'd walk away.

Family was everything to him. He glared at her for a moment, feeling trapped and then got up and dressed himself.

Lucas stepped out of the cottage, walking away, though what he really wanted to do was climb back into bed next to her. He had to get out of there and cool down. He'd remain professional and the next day when he took her out on company business, he would be back to his normal self. He could put the night behind him and move forward, while still making sure his recklessness didn't have consequences.

Amy woke up some time in the middle of the night and stretched. Ouch, she was sore. It took her a minute to fully waken and as she became more aware, it only took seconds for her to be sitting straight up in bed. What had she done? She'd slept with her boss. She'd slept with her boss! How stupid could she have been? Did he now think she would be at his beck and call anytime he felt like getting his needs met? He probably thought he would just come around, have sex with her and then slink off in the middle of the night.

There was no way in hell he was going to use her and discard her. How was she going to handle it? She had a couple of options. She could make a big scene, yell at him and quit her job, though that didn't sound appealing. Her other option was to pretend as if nothing had happened. She liked that option a whole lot better. She would just make sure she didn't place herself in any more compromising positions. She wouldn't have him in her place alone, ever.

She discovered that one touch from him made her forget all rational thoughts. She just couldn't allow herself to be in positions where he would be touching her.

She would make up a boyfriend. That would stop him from thinking he could take advantage of her. She would just tell him she was in a long term relationship and that she'd slipped up. She felt a little bit of regret knowing she wouldn't get to repeat that experience.

For her first time making love, it had been amazing. She had no idea a person could feel so much. Her body was sore but it had been oh so worth it. She'd read that sex for the first time wasn't a good experience. Those people must not have been making love to someone like Lucas Anderson.

She had to smile a little bit at the irony. The man looked like a Greek God, had more money than anyone needed and made love like every girls fantasy come true. Oh well, one mistake wasn't going to change her life's plans.

Amy went into the bathroom and cleaned up. She was laying back down when it finally hit her that they hadn't used protection. She bolted upright in bed again. She was dismayed to think of the stupidity of having unprotected sex. She was in no way prepared to be a mother at that moment. She'd always dreamed of having her own child but not made this way. She wouldn't give the child up if she did get pregnant, but how would she be able to manage it all?

She would have to sleep on it and figure it all out later. She didn't know anything yet. She was most likely over reacting. They'd only had sex one time. The odds were unlikely that she would make a baby the first and only time she had sex.

Amy slept fitfully the rest of the night. She dreamt she'd just delivered the most beautiful little girl. She was holding her close to her chest, bonding with her newborn. The baby was perfect in every way. Suddenly Lucas stepped into the room with three men, all in expensive suits.

They started speaking all this legal jargon and suddenly she looked down and she was no longer holding the baby. Lucas had her. Then, in walked a tall, blonde bombshell of a woman and he handed the baby to her. "Here you go sweetheart. I told you I would get a baby for you.

Anything you want is yours," he said and then they walked out, leaving Amy crying for her baby in the cold hospital room.

Amy woke up in terror. The dream had seemed so real. She was surprised to find real tears falling down her cheeks. She considered herself a very strong woman but there was one thing that could bring her to her knees. She couldn't make it if someone were to take away the family she so desperately wanted.

Amy gave up on sleep and got out of bed to fix herself some breakfast. She tried to read for a while but couldn't concentrate on anything. She supposed she would just take a walk around the grounds and enjoy the beautiful, clean morning air.

She was wandering around for a couple of hours when Joseph snuck up on her and nearly made her jump out of her own skin. "How are you doing young lady? I hope you slept well," he said.

She wondered how such a larger than life man could so easily sneak up on a person.

"I slept very well," she automatically replied. The circles under her eyes gave away her lie. He was a gentleman and didn't call her on it though.

"You seem a little stressed about something this morning. If there's anything I can help with, all you need to do is ask."

"Everything is great, Mr. Anderson. I'm just thinking about the move and work. You've been far too kind already and I don't want to take advantage of that," she replied. "I really don't mind getting a hotel room tonight," she tried, knowing he wouldn't hear of it.

"Now Amy, don't hurt my feelings. I thought the cottage was pretty comfortable. I've slept there myself a time or two when my wife got sick of my attitude," he chuckled, thinking of his wife fondly.

"Oh no Mr. Anderson, I love the cottage. It's just really hard for me to take hand outs. I do appreciate a place to stay and I have to tell you I've already fallen in love with the cottage. It's perfect in just about every way," she quickly responded.

"Katherine's still sleeping. She must get her beauty sleep," he chuckled. "Please come join me on the terrace for some breakfast. I love having a beautiful young woman to eat with. It makes the food taste so much better." He then held his arm out for her, which she took and then they walked to the main house.

They were laughing and eating breakfast when Lucas walked in. He was instantly on alert. She was getting pretty cozy with his father. What was she up to now, he wondered? "Good morning dad," he said while sitting down. "Ms. Harper, I hope the accommodations were to your liking," he added formally.

Amy looked up at him for a moment, trying to figure him out. It took her about ten seconds. The man had already gotten what he wanted and now he was letting her know it was back to business and nothing more. She already knew this was how he was, so why was she hurt so much by his attitude?

Well, she thought, two could play the game of 'cold as ice'. "I slept perfectly, Mr. Anderson.

The beginning of the night I had this bad nausea and a nasty headache but then it went away and the rest of the night was perfect," she said in a voice even colder than his.

His eyes turned into slits and if eyes could kill, she figured she would be a pile of ashes. She decided she would push her luck just a bit and smirked at him before turning away and ignoring him completely.

Joseph watched their little byplay, which they both thought they were being so sly about and wondered what had gone on last night. It looked to him like the kids may have gotten close and now were both running scared. Well, he wasn't going to let them avoid each other.

"Eat up Lucas. You have a very busy day today. You need to take Amy out to get her car and shop for the apartment. You need to get an early start so it will be all ready for her to move into tomorrow." He then looked at Amy, "I think you will be very happy there."

"Mr. Anderson..." she began, when he stopped her.

"Now Amy, you are a guest in my home, don't you think it's time you started calling me Joseph.

I would really like that," he added so she had no other choice.

"Um, okay, Mr. I mean Joseph, I was thinking Mr. Anderson," she nodded towards Lucas, "was really busy and I don't mind doing this stuff on my own. If it's a matter of a signature they could fax you the paperwork. I could just take a cab to the car lot. I really, really don't mind," she pleaded with him.

Lucas hadn't wanted to spend the day with her but her trying to get out of it just plain ticked him off. How dare she not want to be with him. They had some talking to do and she was damn well going to spend the day with him.

"Of course I'm not too busy to take you out, Ms. Harper," he said with venom in his voice.

"Why don't you go ahead and get ready so we can take off right away," he said looking her up and down. He knew she was already dressed for the day.

How dare he look down his nose at her? She was fighting to keep her emotions in check. She looked just fine and she wasn't trying to impress him anyway. She would go with him, just to show him she could be in his company without being affected by it.

"I'm ready Mr. Anderson," she said in a voice of honey, dripping with vinegar. "You may want to clean that jam off of your face though," she added with satisfaction. He simply glared at her, then got up from the table and walked into the house without another word. She quietly chuckled, enjoying the fact that she'd won that little battle. It felt kind of good to knock the all powerful Lucas down a notch.

"Well, you kids seem to be getting along rather well," Joseph said with complete sincerity. She couldn't tell if he was serious or not. He seemed to be. Maybe the two of them hadn't been so obvious after all. She figured you could've sliced the tension between them with a knife but it was good that Joseph hadn't noticed.

"He's a great boss," was all she said before looking down and picking at her breakfast. She didn't see the amused grin on Joseph's face.

Lucas came back out and stood there impatiently so she took a few more bites of food as slowly as she possibly could. She noticed him glancing at his watch a few times as she sat there taking her time.

"Now Lucas, quit being so impatient. It's never polite to rush a lady," Joseph spoke up.

"We have a lot to do today, Dad. I just want to get going since I have a date to get to tonight," he added. He noticed Amy tensed up a bit in her seat. Good, he thought. She wasn't as unaffected as she wanted him to believe. He was surprised with how good the thought made him feel. He didn't take rejection well, even if he didn't want the woman. He'd been completely wrong in thinking one time with her would be enough, because he couldn't stop thinking about her. He still wanted her, even more now than ever before.

She finally got up and grabbed her purse off the back of her chair. "I wouldn't want to make your young lady wait on you," she said in a perfectly calm voice. "Thank you so much for breakfast Joseph. It was really good. Your company was even better," she said and then followed Lucas out the door.

"Have a good time kids."

"Joseph Anderson, what are you up to now?" came the voice of his wife.

"Good morning beautiful. I was just having some breakfast with a beautiful young lady and your grumpy son," he said in all innocence.

"Now, we both know that's bull. You're match making and from the look of things between those two, it's going very well," she said with disapproval in her tone. "When that boy figures out what you're up to he's going to stop speaking to you," she added.

"By the time he figures it out, he will be very much in love with his wife and thanking me," Joseph came back with. He certainly hoped that was the case. Because otherwise his wife would be right and his son would be none too happy with him. It was a risk he was willing to take.

"Let's go for a drive," he said as he got up and gave Katherine a kiss.

Was it so wrong for him to want his sons to have a love of their own, like he had with his Katherine? He didn't think there was anything wrong with that. He decided today was going to be a great day. It had started off wonderfully with Lucas and Amy on their way to a passionate relationship.

Chapter Five

Amy got in the car with Lucas, immediately becoming engulfed by his scent. Why did the guy have to smell so good? She could feel a fluttering in her stomach. How could she want to be with the man after the things he'd done? She was trying not to see the good things about him because it was so much harder to maintain her distance when she let down her guard.

They rode in silence for a while before he suddenly pulled into a parking lot. This wasn't the car dealership. What was he doing? Maybe he was going to drop her somewhere and hope she got abducted.

"We're going shopping first. That way the things can be delivered and the crew can finish up your apartment," he said in explanation. He didn't wait for her to answer. He stepped out of the vehicle and came around to her door and opened it. When he did those small things, like treat her as a lady it made her see the more human side of him, making it harder for her to resist his charm. She would rather he acted cold so she could justify her own distance.

She got out of the vehicle and walked next to him into the vast store. "I really don't need any decorations. I'm sure the apartment is fine as it is," she tried to tell him. She wasn't comfortable with all the things she was receiving. It felt far too much like assistance.

"One of the perks is to get the place furnished. Let's get this done," he stated in a voice that said deal with it, it's going to happen.

She soon found it was much easier to go along with him than to argue. He took her through each department, asking her preference on colors and styles. As they continued on he seemed to be enjoying himself.

When they were finished in the store Lucas made arrangements for the items to be delivered to her apartment immediately. "We're ahead of schedule Amy. It looks like you may be able to move into your place tonight," he said as they exited the store. "I'm hungry. Let's go get lunch.

The car lot may take a while," he commanded.

He didn't ask if she was hungry. He didn't ask if she wanted to share a meal with him. He simply stated she would go to lunch with him and that's what would happen. If she hadn't been so hungry she would've refused to eat just to prove a point but she knew he wouldn't even notice and then she was the one who'd be suffering the rest of the day.

They ate their meal in awkward silence until; thankfully he received a phone call, which occupied him for the rest of the time. She was relieved, as she didn't want to try and make small talk. The pressure from the day was beginning to settle on her shoulders and she was looking forward to having some time to relax on her own.

They headed over to the car lot after lunch. She'd never owned a car before. She'd never even priced one. She knew she would get one after college but she hadn't had the money yet. She'd taken a few drivers training courses while in college so she knew how to drive but wasn't real comfortable behind the wheel.

She didn't want Lucas to know of her insecurity about it though so she decided to suck it up and brave the situation. "Do you want a manual or automatic?" was the first question he asked her.

"I would prefer an automatic."

"If you want my opinion I think you should go with the Mercedes ML450 Hybrid SUV. I've done some research the last few days and it's highly rated in safety. It gets great gas mileage and is recommended on the consumer reports," he offered, sounding like a cars salesman.

"I really don't know anything about cars, Lucas. I wouldn't know where to begin," she answered. His head spun around to look at her but she was looking out at the car lot like a lost child so she didn't notice. It was the first time she'd ever used his first name. He found that he liked the sound of it on her lips.

He knew she didn't realize what she'd said. In her nervousness at being there she'd temporarily let her guard down. He liked that side of her. This Amy, minus the armor, seemed much sweeter and more innocent and he wanted to wrap her in his arms. He wanted to protect her. He was finding he wanted to be with her, more than as just an employer. He liked that she wasn't jaded to the world. He found her refreshing and was finding it harder and harder to believe she could be a manipulative woman with an ulterior motive like so many others. There was no way a woman could act that well. He wanted to pull her into his arms and kiss her again.

He stopped himself, barely. He was in no way ready to open his heart to anyone. He would remain in control of himself and he would be able to forget about what they'd done the night before. Neither of them needed to enter into some affair that would end with her losing a job and him with regrets. He would figure things out when he had more time to think.

"Well, if you don't know much about cars then I hope you'll take my advice but the choice is yours. You'll be the one driving the vehicle," he simply stated.

Lucas walked her into the building and skirted around the salesmen, heading straight to the manager's office. "Lucas, it's good to see you again. You're early but I've already pulled out the car you asked for," said the gentleman behind the desk, who had a genuine smile and stood to shake hands with both of them.

"Thanks Frank, I appreciate it." Lucas was already turning to lead Amy back through the showroom and out the side doors.

They walked out the door and sitting there was a beautiful crimson vehicle. Lucas led her over to it and opened the driver's door for her. She looked up at him with surprise in her eyes. The car was so pretty. She was trying to be practical but it was just so pretty. She would prefer it any day over his expensive Porsche.

Amy felt her eyes start to sting a little and quickly put her head down and took a walk around the vehicle to clear the tears away. She got herself under control and pulled herself into the driver's seat. Before she started the car, she made sure to locate where everything was.

Suddenly her face broke out into a huge grin and she looked for the ignition. "Where do you turn this on?" she asked, while looking at him with a confused, yet ecstatic expression on her face.

Lucas laughed and explained that it was a push button start.

"One of the new features of the hybrid cars are they run on electricity when you're traveling at slower speeds. The gas will kick on when it's needed," he finished.

She pushed the button and the lights came on but there was no sound. She looked at him again with confusion on her face. "How do you know it's on if there isn't any noise?" she asked him, genuinely puzzled.

Lucas couldn't help himself. He laughed out loud, really enjoying himself. She was just so unlike any other woman he knew. His open laughter at her wiped the smile from her face. She didn't like being laughed at. "I'm not laughing at you. I just find you to be a breath of fresh air." He continued chuckling. "Place the car in gear and trust me, it will drive for you," he said.

"What is this, a space car?" she muttered under her breath. He managed to keep his laughter from bursting out that time and pretended to not hear the comment. They drove around for about an hour. She loved it. It drove like it was on glass. Even once the engine kicked on there was only a purr. It was amazing and she didn't want to stop. She almost forgot Lucas was even there with her, which was a pretty amazing feat in itself.

"Amy, it looks to me like you love this car. Why don't we head back to the lot and sign some papers so you can take it home?" he asked her. She looked a little disappointed that the ride would be over but nodded and turned back towards the car dealership. She didn't want to get out once they got there but reluctantly left the vehicle.

The paperwork only took about twenty minutes since Lucas was a preferred client and they had everything already prepared for him. The lot had to do a final cleanup and check out everything so they told her it would be delivered to her place that night. She was surprised by how disappointed she was she couldn't drive it right away but she would get to in the morning.

After they pulled out of the lot she figured Lucas would be taking her back to the cottage but he turned in the opposite direction. "I thought we were all done for the day?" she asked.

"We're done. Your apartment's ready. I figured you'd want to go home and check it out," he replied.

"Yes, definitely," she said with real enthusiasm. They pulled up to a beautiful building. It looked more like a four star hotel than an apartment complex. There was a fountain with a cupid shooting out water in the circular front entryway. It was spectacular looking. They went down inside an underground parking tunnel, where he used a card to enter and then he pulled into a parking spot where a sign had his spot reserved.

"You'll park here," he said while pointing out a space near the elevator. He came around the car before she'd even unbuckled. He opened her car door, something she was getting used to. It felt nice to be treated like a lady, even if she knew he would do it for anyone and it didn't make her special.

They walked into the plush elevator and he pressed the only button available. "This elevator only goes to the lobby. It's another safety precaution. We take the security of our tenants very seriously."

The elevator chimed and the doors opened to a huge lobby area that would rival the best hotels in New York. There was a great big desk sitting against the far wall with a security guard eyeing the monitors in front of him. "Good evening Mr. Anderson. You're in early tonight," he said before smiling at Amy.

"Hello Fred. How are you doing?"

"Good. Good." He replied pleasantly.

"Fred, this is our newest tenant, Ms. Harper. She will be living in nineteen-A." he finished.

"It's real good to meet you Ms. Harper. I hope you'll enjoy living here. It's a great place. I work the evening shifts Tuesday through Saturday but I live here in apartment two-A if you ever need me. I already put a list of numbers in your apartment so don't feel bad about giving me a call at any time," he finished.

Amy liked Fred instantly. He seemed to be around fifty years old and had one of those smiles that made you feel safe. She felt extremely secure in the nice building, like the rest of the world couldn't get to her if she didn't allow it. She liked the extra security measures in place and she also loved all the beauty.

It really looked far more like a hotel the more she saw. Was Lucas sure it was an apartment complex? "Come on, I'll give you the grand tour before showing you your place," Lucas said before turning.

He led her down a hallway to the left. They entered a doorway that had a state of the art gym in it. Lucas then led her through another door where there was a full sized pool. Her mouth almost started watering. Could it be real? She not only got a place, which she didn't even care if it was the size of a shoe box, because she also got a swimming pool and gym and security.

The next door he led her into had a hot tub and sauna. Lucas was watching her reaction to the things he never even thought about as special anymore. He was used to having things like this at his disposal. Her face lighting up in delight actually humbled him a bit. He noticed she was working hard to control her features but she would never succeed at poker. She just couldn't hide the pleasure running across her face.

He showed her the private backyard garden that had a couple of benches in it and another fountain. She knew she would spend hours in that garden reading a good book; that is, of course, after her work out and swim.

Finally she lost her ability to maintain her calm and just let herself enjoy the amazing place. She actually spun around in a circle and laughed aloud. She almost grabbed him in her excitement but at the last minute pulled back.

"Um, sorry about that; I tend to get too excited sometimes," she mumbled and walked back into the building.

"Well, you may want to reserve judgment until you actually see your apartment," he said, while leading her back into the lobby. He was having a difficult time keeping the smile from his face.

She was contagious in her excitement and he found her a pleasure to be around. He was trying not to like her and it wasn't working out so well for him.

He pressed the button and stepped inside. She followed him and they rode to the nineteenth floor in silence. They stepped off and she looked around. The hallways were extra wide and had some beautiful paintings hanging on the walls. It seemed like the hallway went on forever. She was surprised by the extreme size of the building.

When she was told it was a corporate apartment complex, she'd just assumed it only had a couple of floors with minimal units there. But from what she was seeing, there must have been at least a hundred.

As they were walking down the long hallway though, she noticed there were hardly any doors.

They came towards the end and he placed a key in the door to the left. Her curiosity got the best of her and she asked him, "There aren't many doors up here. How many apartments are on each floor?"

"This floor only has two of them. They are bigger than the other units and then there are a couple of conference rooms up here as well," he replied. "The other floors have quite a few more, but each apartment is spacious. Most of our employees have families and we want them to be comfortable living here," he finished.

They walked in the door and her breath rushed out before she could stop it. When he said the place was large, he hadn't been kidding. It was enormous. There was a vast entryway that was tiled in a beautiful soft grey color.

They stepped further into her new living room. The furniture they'd picked out was all arranged, along with a few extra items, such as a large screen television with a bunch of DVD's on the side. She walked up to them and noticed some romantic comedies.

"Esther said you told her you loved romance stories, so she picked a few movies out she thought you may like," he said in explanation.

That was such a personal thing to do, it touched her. Lucas stood back and let her wander around the apartment. There were two decent sized rooms with beds and nightstands. The main bathroom was decorated in her new linens, with a few added touches of bath and body washes that came from nice boutiques.

She opened the door at the end of the hall and tears came to her eyes again. It was the master bedroom. There was a huge four poster bed in the middle of the room and it was covered in the purple comforter she'd picked out and had netting tied to each of the posts. It was the kind of bed she'd always dreamed of owning.

She walked over to the bed and jumped into the middle of it and let out a little giggle. She could imagine spending many nights curled up in the bed with a great book. The apartment really was a dream come true for her.

"I don't know what to say. I've never known a company to be so generous. It makes me feel guilty having all this when so many people don't have even a third of it. What if you guys hate me after a month? What if I'm a complete failure and I can't do the job after all? This is all so much pressure," she said, starting to feel panic.

"Amy, we wouldn't have done this for someone that we didn't have full confidence in. You will do an amazing job, you already are. You deserve these benefits and not to repeat myself, but we do this for all executive positions," he finished.

Amy bowed her head. She wasn't getting any treatment that they didn't offer others and that actually made her feel better. She didn't want to stand out. She didn't want to feel guilty for what they'd given her. She'd never gotten gifts in her life and it was like receiving twenty-five years worth of birthday and Christmas gifts and then some. She would just enjoy it and try not to feel guilty. For now, it was all hers. She was going to enjoy her moment.

Amy walked back into her living room and Lucas was standing with his back to the wall watching her. Here goes, she thought. He didn't look as if he was planning on leaving anytime soon and she really just wanted to de-stress and enjoy her new place. If things were different she would be able to imagine the two of them snuggling together on the couch, watching one of her romantic comedies, but it would never happen. She needed him to leave so she could breathe again.

She took a deep breath and remained calm. "Well, thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to do all you did today. This place is amazing. It's better than I could've ever imagined or hoped for, though I really don't need all the space. If you want to move me into a smaller apartment and save this space for an employee with a family, I'm fine with that." She was talking quickly so he couldn't interrupt her.

"I'm not saying I don't love the place, because I do. It's seriously more amazing than any place I've ever even seen, let alone lived in but it just seems to be such a waste of space for only me," she continued rattling on.

Without realizing what she was doing, her hand went to her stomach as she said those last words.

The thought she could be pregnant at that moment was terrifying and yet oddly comforting in a weird way.

Lucas knew Amy was rattling on so he wouldn't have any time to speak. He figured he would let her talk herself out and then get his say in.

When she finally stopped speaking and looked up at him, he stared at her for a moment. He saw her visibly firm her shoulders, while maintaining eye contact. She seemed angry all of the sudden and he couldn't figure out why.

"I think you should go now, Mr. Anderson. I have a lot to do tonight and I would like to get settled in please," she said tightly. She stood there across the room from him with her arms crossed, refusing to say any more.

Lucas finally stepped away from the wall and started walking towards her. It reminded her more of a prowl, than a walk. She took an involuntary step back as he got closer. She was furious at herself for showing that little bit of weakness. She decided the best defense was a strong offense.

"Mr. Anderson," she emphasized his name, "Last night was a mistake. It shouldn't have happened and it will not repeat itself. I'm sorry if you think you deserve it or that I'm going to just roll over on my back in appreciation of all this stuff but I'm not some cheap hooker," she finished.

As she stopped speaking she was a little bit frightened by the look that came into his eyes. She took another step back without thinking about it. That seemed to make his eyes light up even more with fire. She was really pissing the man off. He must not like to be rejected. Well, he would just have to get used to it with her because she didn't want him. Well, she did want him but she was certainly going to fight the attraction.

Lucas was more angry than he could ever remember being. He had to stay where he was because he feared that he may strangle her if he got too close. How dare she think he expected her to pay back his company's generosity with her body! She was the one who was out for the ultimate prize, him! She hadn't been innocent when she was crying out his name in pleasure. She had wanted him just as badly as he'd wanted her.

He stood there glaring at her for a couple of minutes before he was finally calm enough to speak.

"I told you earlier we had to talk about a few things, which we still need to talk about. But right now, let's straighten out those comments you just made. I have never paid for sex in any form.

Any woman that I've taken to my bed has come willingly, begging for more. Last night you were just as willing to jump into bed with me, as I wanted to be there with you. It took two of us to make love last night and I refuse to take all the blame," he said in anger.

Amy's temper was just about equal with Lucas's as his words continued slashing at her. She reached up to slap his face again, but he caught her hand before it connected. "I told you, I would only let you get away with that once," he said, smirking down at her.

He then yanked her into his arms and smashed his lips to hers. He was so angry that his kiss was almost bruising in its intensity. He wasn't gentle as he willed her to surrender to him. He grabbed her hair and yanked her head back so he had easier access.

She fought against him for a few moments and then her body betrayed her and she started kissing him back just as passionately. When he knew that he had her full surrender, he pushed her away from him, though it seemed like the hardest thing he'd ever had to do. Her eyes were glazed over with passion and her anger had turned to need.

They both stood there panting heavily, fighting with their emotions. "Sit down Amy," he finally said, much calmer. He walked over to the sofa, expecting her to follow him.

As reality started resurfacing, Amy berated herself. She told him she wouldn't be doing anything with him and then at the touch of his lips all rational thought was erased and she could do nothing but pull him closer to her. She was beginning to realize there was a thin line between love and hate. She wasn't nearly as antagonistic towards Lucas as she wanted to be.

The more she was around him; the more she noticed the attractive things about him, not just his great looks, which of course were still amazing. What was even more attractive than his looks though, was the way he talked with other employees and was willing to lend a helping hand.

Maybe she'd pre-judged him too soon and that was what had caused them to be so antagonistic towards each other. She knew she'd been giving off a negative attitude from the first day she started. She was willing to make a change. She didn't want to get involved with him in a relationship but she could respect him as a boss.

She finally figured she may as well get this over with and sat in the chair opposite of him. "So, I'm physically attracted to you. It doesn't mean anything though; I meant what I said earlier. Last night shouldn't have happened. It was just a moment of weakness for me. I don't want to lose my job and I don't want to have a cheap affair with my boss. We need to remain professional from now on," she stated, in what she hoped was a professional manner.

He sat there, looking at her like she'd lost her mind. "I agree with you Ms. Harper," he said, reverting to her last name. "Last night shouldn't have happened. But we need to deal with the consequences of the night. I forgot to use protection, which is a first for me. I know you were a virgin and therefore were most likely not on birth control," he finally stated.

"I don't neglect my responsibilities, so if you're pregnant I need to know as soon as you do. I won't have a child of mine raised without me. We would marry immediately. Do you understand?" he finished.

Amy was so stunned by Lucas's words, she didn't reply for several heartbeats. She wouldn't have thought it was something he would even consider. If she'd become pregnant, she would've thought he was more likely to ask her to get rid of it. She never would but she knew many men wouldn't want an unexpected pregnancy. The more she thought about it though; the more it made sense he would do what he considered the right thing; to take care of his child. He came from a very loving family, who would never deny one of their own.

Amy took some deep breaths before speaking to Lucas. She told herself over and over in her head she couldn't afford to lose her job and if she was pregnant she couldn't afford for him to know about it. He could easily prove he could take better care of the child. She didn't need, nor did she want a man in her life. She needed to focus on herself. She'd watched her mother go through more men than anyone could count. She'd also watched those men abuse her mother all the time. Most men couldn't be trusted.

"Are you going to just sit there and glare at me or are you going to behave like a grown up and talk?" he snapped. He wasn't going to analyze the fact he was the one who sounded like a pouting child.

"First of all, just because I'm an employee of yours doesn't give you the right to speak to me the way you are. Second of all, I would never marry you for any reason especially to torture any child of mine," she said coldly.

"If there's a child, you damn well..." Lucas began demanding of her again, but she interrupted him.

"If there were a child, it would be mine and mine alone. This isn't the old days where a woman has to do man's bidding. But a child isn't something you have to worry about. I've already checked my calendar and there's nothing to fear."

"Last night shouldn't have happened. I've been dating a man for about a year now and have been reluctant to take that last step. Since being with you wasn't too uncomfortable I can now cement our relationship," she lied to him.

Lucas was stunned by her words. He knew she'd been a virgin. The thought of her with another man sent a physical pain coursing through him that he didn't understand. She had a boyfriend!

She sure hadn't mentioned him when she was moaning out his name. He was steaming mad, but maintained an outward calm.

Lucas got a stealthy look on his face and walked slowly up to her. She remained standing there, not backing away again. She would show strength even though she was shaking uncontrollably on the inside.

Without any words Lucas bent down and yanked her head back, moving his face to within an inch of hers. He stayed rooted there until he saw desire return to her eyes. "So last night was just a test run for you and your boyfriend," he said in a voice so quiet it was far more frightening than if he were yelling. She could feel the coiled power running throughout his arms.

She wasn't afraid of him hitting her. She was far more afraid he would kiss her again. Her resistance was at an all-time low and if he took her lips again she would end up begging him not to stop. The heat kept pooling in her body in anticipation of just that happening.

"I don't appreciate being used Ms. Harper, not at all and I really don't appreciate you lying to my face. Last night may have meant nothing to you but while I was hard and deep inside your body there was no other man on your mind. You were quivering and shaking for me. When you lay with this boyfriend of yours my face will be what you see. But he won't make you quiver the way I did. You can just think about that," he pushed her away from him and then walked out of the apartment.

Amy waited until she heard the door shut before she allowed herself to lose her composure. Once she heard the click she slumped where she was and allowed herself to have a good cry.

Why had she let this happen? If she'd only taken her bath later and not been standing there in only a towel. If only she could've been able to say no then maybe, just maybe they would be able to be in the same room without snapping at each other or trying to rip each other's clothing off.

Maybe they could've stayed completely professional. Even as she thought it though, she knew it was a fantasy. The fierce attraction was just too strong, even from the first day.

She remained in the same spot for more time than she should've, crying and feeling a little bit sorry for herself. She then got up to settle into her place. She wouldn't let this affect her anymore. She would go to work and then stay far away from him at all times. It was the smart thing to do.

She'd been smart for the first twenty-eight years of her life; she would just have to forgive her one lapse in judgment. Everyone was allowed to make a mistake once in a while.

Chapter Six

Amy had mixed feelings going into work on Monday. She was floating on clouds because her new car had been delivered the night before and she was now driving in her dream vehicle. It was such an exhilarating feeling controlling the beautiful machine and knowing she would never have to fight the crowds on the public transportation system again. There'd definitely been a few times of terror, when she'd been approached by some less than respectable people during those rides. She avoided the busses late at night, most of the time, because that was when it had been the most questionable.

She was terrified, on the other hand, of the work environment when stepping into the office. Was Lucas going to cause a scene? Was he going to send her packing? Could he fire her? He couldn't because of their physical relationship.

Lucas could fire her for not being good enough at her job. She was already nervous about how well she did in the position. She parked the car and headed in. She would just have to see how things went. There was nothing she could do about it so she would have to do what she could and go from there.

The elevator doors chimed and the door opened up to Tom's smiling face. "I was wondering when you were going to get here. I've been bouncing in my seat for a half hour," he said with no time for hellos.

Amy sighed, "Hey Tom. If you've been bouncing in your seat for a half hour then you were here an hour early because I'm here a half hour early," she replied. He ran up to her and threw an arm around her shoulders.

"Okay Amy, time to spill. What happened? You totally ditched me this weekend. The way the boss was acting on Friday night, I didn't even know if you would be here this morning," he whined a little.

"Everything's fine Tom. The boss and I just had a little bit of a misunderstanding. I promise I'll fill you in later but I need to get to the office and start on my work before the aforementioned person walks in and has a reason to fire me for being a slacker," she said, while walking towards her office.

Tom trailed along with her. "You're here early. You can't get into trouble for chatting with me on your own time," he said.

"I don't think any time we're in these offices is our own time. Please just let me get to work and we will go out for happy hour tonight, I promise," she said pushing him back out of her office.

Amy was busy at her desk when Lucas came in two hours later . It must be nice to be the boss and show up when you felt like it, she thought with attitude and then regretted it immediately.

She wasn't some high school ex-girlfriend that was going to even think petty thoughts. What he did on his own time was his business, definitely not hers.

Lucas was completely professional with her, giving her a list of things he wanted done and then left the office and stayed away the rest of the day. It gave her plenty of time to breathe and she found herself relaxing and finishing her work early.

The next few months flew by with things the same at the office. Lucas would give Amy her assignments with very little talk and then leave her alone. He never lingered and never seemed to make eye contact anymore.

She'd really gotten the hang of her job and finally felt comfortable with her work. Esther had stopped by several times and praised her progress saying it was as if Amy had been with the company for ten years instead of a few short months. Amy was thrilled by the praise and held the feeling close to her.

She felt like her insides were ripping out a little piece at a time whenever Lucas left the room though. His scent would linger with her, causing her physical pain, thinking of him for hours on end. She wanted him to take her back in his arms so badly she ached all over.

She would run through their night of love making over and over again. She would wake up in the middle of the night with his name on her lips and her body wet and ready for him. She was grateful he was keeping his distance because she would never have had the will power to push him away if he kissed her again.

She had no other man to compare him to but she couldn't imagine lovemaking to be any better than what she'd had with him that night. Even though she tried so much to put him out of her mind, he came to her nightly in her dreams and she woke up aching and alone.

Amy put off taking a pregnancy test for far too long. She knew she was pregnant. She'd been dealing with morning sickness and there were subtle changes in her body. She was naturally small so most wouldn't have noticed the tiny bump on her lower stomach, but she did.

She finally broke down and took the test, then threw it away. She'd already known the answer was yes. She supposed she'd better make a doctor appointment the following week. They were going to find out in a couple of months she was pregnant anyway. At least she had the advantage of doctor, patient confidentiality so Lucas wouldn't have to find out she was pregnant until she was visibly showing.

"Amy it's dark outside and I'm more than ready for happy hour. Come girl, let's whisk you away from here," Tom came bouncing into her office at six. "I've been patiently waiting for you for an hour now. You do realize you're salaried, not paid by the hour?" he added.

Tom jumped up on her desk and sat on the edge while she finished her project. "Hold your pants on Tom, I'm almost finished," she said with what felt like her first real smile in weeks. "Drinks, my dear, are on me tonight," she said in delight. "I got paid and actually have some money left and I owe you a million lunches and drinks. I intend to pay them all back to you," she said feeling really great about herself. It was so nice to have money building up in her meager savings account.

She only had that money thanks to having very little bills. She was in love with her apartment and car and things were perfect in every way possible. She placed her hand on her stomach, which she did often without even realizing it when she thought of her child growing there.

Lucas was in his office with the connecting door cracked and heard the exchange between Amy and Tom. He was surprised by the amount of jealousy he was feeling at how easily she laughed with him.

He'd never in his life felt jealousy before and was shocked by the emotion, at how it was tugging at his gut. They couldn't be a couple. She was his employee and it wouldn't work. He shouldn't feel anything towards her at all but even after months he couldn't stop thinking about her all the time, night and day.

He sat up a little bit straighter in his chair. He was going out of his mind, which would amuse his brothers to no end. He laid his head in his hands and waited for her to leave the office. He had no complaints with her work. She'd learned more and more each day and was doing an excellent job.

He'd entertained the idea of firing her but had thrown the thought out immediately. He just couldn't let her go. Maybe he would be able to soon. Of course he would. He would get over his feelings towards her and be able to work with her, like anyone else, or he would have no choice but to figure out something else.

Lucas got up and decided to go out for a drink. He would find himself a nice distraction for the night. Any woman would be happy to come home with him. He was Lucas Anderson and never had trouble finding a date.

Even though the thought of any other woman besides Amy wasn't appealing, he would just have to work through it. He knew once he stepped out he would begin to feel better and he was sure that some pretty thing would catch his eye, at least enough for one night.

Lucas went to a nice club he hadn't been to for a while and sat down. He ordered a drink and was there for no more than five minutes when an exceptionally gorgeous redhead sat next to him. She gave him the look that said, buy me a drink and you can take me home.

He slammed his drink down before turning to give her his full attention, "can I buy you something to drink?" He placed all the charm at his disposal into his voice.

She rubbed her finger up his arm, "that sounds nice sugar," She replied.

He bought her a few drinks and listened to her try and charm him for about an hour. He knew all he had to do was crook his finger and she would be in his car and coming home with him. He was trying to will himself to do just that and knew it wasn't going to happen.

Lucas felt absolutely zero desire for the woman who had curves in all the right places and was showing them for all to see. "Thank you for your company this evening," he said to her as he threw several bills down on the table. "I need to get going now," he finished.

"In case you haven't noticed the signals, baby I'm offering to go with you. Trust me, you won't regret a night or more with me," she purred.

Lucas just looked at her and then turned and walked away. He'd felt nothing for her. Normally he would've taken her home and accepted what she was offering. A no strings attached night of great sex.

The whole time he'd sat there all he could think of was Amy. She was soft and feminine, not trampy and brash. She was also the greatest sexual experience he'd ever had. How was that woman always so much a part of his thoughts?

He parked in his spot, immediately noticing Amy's rig parked in her place. He was surprised by the feeling of relief washing over him at knowing she was home. Of course, that was short lived as he thought there could be a man up in her apartment with her.

Suddenly he had to know. He had to know if she was with someone, or if she was by herself. He knew if he was with her just one more night then he could get her out of his system. He needed to be with her again on his own choosing. He needed to take her again and then maybe he would realize it wasn't as great as he remembered it being.

Suddenly Lucas was in a rush to get up to her apartment. She still hadn't figured out the other apartment on their floor was his. He'd been very careful about coming and going at different times from her. He hadn't wanted her knowing he was that close to her.

The doors opened and Fred looked up from his paper. "Hello Mr. Anderson. How was your day sir?" Fred asked, as usual.

"It was great Fred. Do you know if Ms. Harper's in her apartment?" he asked, coming right to the point.

"Ms. Harper is currently in the pool, sir," Fred told his boss.

"Thank you Fred, have a nice night," he said, as he quickly turned towards the pool.

If she was already swimming, she must've only been out for about a half hour. That was a quick night out. He guessed she didn't have as big of a social life as she wanted him to believe.

Or she could be planning to go out later when the real nightlife began. Well, she could put those thoughts on hold, he thought because he'd decided she was spending the night with him.

He went into the men's locker room and quickly grabbed his swim trunks and changed. He was going to surprise his assistant since he'd decided he wouldn't be spending the night alone.

Lucas came out of the locker room and stood unnoticed for several minutes as Amy swam in the pool alone. She looked phenomenal in her swim suit. It showed all her curves off to perfection.

He wanted to take her right then, but anticipation was all part of the fun. When she was swimming away from him he dove effortlessly into the pool.

He made little noise and Amy didn't notice his entrance. She turned around and was making her way back towards him. He decided to stay in her lane and anticipated them connecting at any moment.

When she reached Lucas, she slammed into him and started sputtering water. "Oh, excuse me," she said as she started to look up. When she noticed who it was she'd run into she seemed to freeze in place. "What are you doing here?" she stuttered a bit.

"I thought tonight was a great time for a swim," he replied back to her and took off at a fast pace across the pool. Amy stayed there holding on to the edge of the pool, trying to decide if she wanted to finish off her laps or just get out.

She was about to get out of the pool, when she decided she wasn't letting him chase her out early. She started her laps again and finished her set amount. When Amy climbed back out, Lucas was still swimming.

She went over to the hot tub, which was a part of her routine. She sat down and let the hot water wash her worries away. Amy knew the moment Lucas joined her in the tub. Her head was back and her eyes were closed, but she could feel him there.

She didn't say a word. She just pretended like he didn't exist. If he wanted to make her uncomfortable he was doing a great job but she wasn't going to show it.

At least she thought she was doing a great job at not showing it. Her body could hide nothing in her swim suit though. He was eyeing her n**ples at the moment and they were pebbled into hard points looking as if they were bursting to break free of the suit. He was more than willing to accommodate her with that.

She sat in the tub for a few more moments and then decided enough was enough. The hot water normally eased all the tension away in her body's sore muscles but she'd sat there tensed and was sorer than when she'd gotten in.

She climbed out quickly, wrapping the towel she had nearby around herself. She didn't turn to say anything to him, just headed off to the locker-room to get changed. She had to get out of there quickly.

Lucas was glad she'd decided to get out of the tub. He had to wait for her to leave, because he couldn't have hid the evidence of how she affected him and he was ready to get her upstairs.

He quickly got out of the tub and dressed in record time. He then headed for the lobby and chatted with Fred for a little while. She finally emerged, looking shocked to see him still standing there. She then narrowed her eyes and stomped like a child throwing a temper tantrum to the elevators.

"How was the pool, Ms. Harper?" Fred asked her.

"It was just what the doctor ordered," she answered him. "I'm bushed though. I'll see you tomorrow," she told him, as she pushed the elevator button.

The second the doors opened she stepped in and quickly pushed her floor's number. When it started to close, she breathed a sigh of relief, until Lucas jumped in at the last second.

"Is there something you needed to speak to me about?" she decided to throw out to him. "Or do you just follow all employees to their homes and act like a stalker?" she spat, no longer having any patience for the new game he'd decided to play.

"Stalker?" he questioned her. "I happen to live here too Amy or did you not notice my parking place?" he lifted his brow at her.

"You live here?" she asked dumbfounded. Why in the world would he live in the apartments when he could live anywhere he wanted? She looked at him without knowing how to reply to this latest information.

She hadn't seen him around the building and she'd assumed he had his own parking place because he did a lot of business there with the clients that came and went.

"Yes," was all he said in reply to her question.

"But why would you live in an apartment when you can have a house?" she let her curiosity overrule her need to not speak to him.

"I prefer the apartment because I'm a busy man and here I don't have to worry about keeping up a property," he said in explanation.

She just snorted quietly. Like he would have to worry about the upkeep anyway. He would hire minions to do any of his grunt work. He wasn't the type of man who would pull the lawn mower out of the garage and take it for a spin around the yard. She shrugged and went back to ignoring him.

The door opened on her floor and he stepped out with her. That was when she figured out he was the one who lived in the other apartment on her floor. How had she not figured that out in the few months she'd been there already? They worked and lived in the same place and she had no idea he was living a few feet away from her.

She was going to have an even worse time sleeping now, knowing how very close he was to her and yet how very far away. Why couldn't she get over the man?

She picked up her step and almost ran to her door. She was having difficulty with the lock, when he stepped up behind her and took the key. His body brushed hers and she just about jumped out of her skin.

He felt so good against her, if only for a moment. He took her key and slipped it into the lock, rubbing against her the whole time. His scent was surrounding her, making her miss his touch.

The door finally opened and she slipped inside, turning with her hand out for the key. He looked at her for a moment and slipped in, shutting the door behind him. How much was she supposed to take? Her willpower was slipping quickly.

"May I please use your bathroom? Then we need to talk about a few things." He didn't even wait for an answer. He just headed towards her bathroom. She leaned against the door and tried to strengthen her willpower. She could handle this. She handled it fine at work. Her apartment was no different, she tried to convince herself. She really, really wanted a stiff drink right then.

She rubbed her belly and smiled softly. Don't worry little one, mama won't poison you, she thought. She would just have to be strong.

Lucas took a deep breath walking to the bathroom. He could be civilized. Maybe they could even start some kind of relationship. He wasn't very good with being in a commitment but he thought he was willing to try. He couldn't stop thinking about her so there had to be something there worth pursuing. That was far more than many other people had going into something new.

He may have jumped to conclusions, thinking she would be after anything. He smiled to himself sheepishly. He didn't normally admit to being wrong about anything, not even to himself. They would have a nice, reasonable adult conversation and then he could take her to bed without feeling badly about it.

Lucas was feeling pretty good about things as he walked into the bathroom. He finished up and then washed his face and hands in the sink. He turned around to leave and that's when his world stopped turning.

He almost missed it. In her garbage can was a pregnancy kit box. What the hell? He'd never felt as scared in his life, as he reached for the box. He looked inside and found the little stick. There were two lines on it. What did that mean?

He quickly read the back of the box and time stood still. She was pregnant. Holy Hell, she was pregnant! Had she planned the pregnancy? How could she have? He couldn't even think as he stood there staring at the pregnancy test. A few of his ex-girlfriends had tried to trap him into marriage by getting pregnant and he'd deftly avoided them. Somehow though, his assistant had gotten pregnant the one and only time they'd made love. He was angry with himself and even angrier with her. He knew it wasn't logical but he couldn't be logical at that moment.

Many women had tried to trap him into giving them his name and all the money that came along with it but none had succeeded, until now. Well, I better get out there to the future Mrs.

Anderson, he thought bitterly. Lucas took a few extra moments to compose his face before walking back out to her.

Amy was sitting on the couch when he entered the living room. She didn't look up at him, which he was grateful for because he was having a heck of a time composing his own features.

"I'll be right back. There are a couple of phone calls I need to make," was all he said as he walked past her and through her front door. He didn't look her way to see her face.

"I need to speak with my father, please?" Lucas asked without any preambles.

"One moment Lucas." He was put through to his father a minute later.

"Hello son, how are you?"

"I'm getting married and I want to get it done this week. I'm busy with work so can you take care of the arrangements. Normally I would've my assistant do it but since she's the bride I need someone else."

"You're getting married, to Amy? I'm so happy for you, son. She's a real keeper. I'll take care of all the arrangements. How about Friday evening?" He asked with no surprise in his voice. Lucas was taken back a little bit by his father's attitude. He was in too much shock to be suspicious though.

"Friday will be fine. Amy's pregnant so I want to keep this discreet please. Just you and mom and Amy and I," he said cautiously. He knew his father's love of throwing parties and he didn't want a mass of people there to witness the charade.

Lucas finished speaking with his father and then called his attorney to draw up a prenuptial agreement, making sure he was protected.

The phone calls took him about an hour. He finished up and then drank a shot of bourbon. "Okay Amy, let's get this over with," he mumbled out loud to himself. He knew he was in for a fight once he told her they would wed.

He walked back down the hallway to her apartment and used the key he hadn't given back to her to let himself in. Amy was still sitting in the living room. At first it looked like she hadn't even moved, then he noticed the bowl sitting on the table.

Well, he guessed that her pregnancy hadn't ruined her appetite. He took a closer look at her and didn't see any differences at first. She was only a couple of months along after all. Then he did notice some changes. Her br**sts seemed to be fuller, although she hid them well in her loose clothing. She also seemed to have a continual flush about her cheeks.

"Why haven't you told me you're pregnant?" he asked without easing into it. He believed you should always get straight to the point in a conversation. Why take time to beat around the bush, as the old saying went. If you wanted an answer then you should ask the question.

She hesitated for a few moments as she stared up at him, seemingly shocked he knew about her pregnancy. How had he found out? Then she realized he'd used her bathroom and she hadn't yet emptied out that trash can. How could she have made such a foolish mistake?

Well it was easy to make that mistake, when she didn't think he would be stepping into her apartment. Had she known he lived in her building she wouldn't have left the kit anywhere it could've been spotted. She'd never had any visitors besides Tom though and hadn't known she needed to hide anything.

"I didn't see that it was any of your business. My job performance hasn't been affected by it and in this day and age it's nobody's business if you're a single mother or not. You can't fire me for being pregnant." She finally sucked in enough air to reply to his question. It wasn't his concern, her eyes were shouting at him.

He stared at her open mouthed. None of his business? How the hell could she say that carrying his child was none of his business?

"You won't be a single mother Amy, and you know that. I won't allow my child to be raised as a bastard. He'll have my name." His voice told her his way was the only way they were handling the situation. If she didn't like it then too bad.

"This isn't your child." Amy looked directly at him as she spoke those words. There was no emotion to her voice. He stared at her dumfounded. Not his child? What was she talking about?

He knew she'd been a virgin when he'd had sex with her. The timeline fit. Of course it was his child.

"If it's not my child, then whose is it?" he decided to see what she would say. He was watching every move she made. There was no way she would be able to come up with some story out of the blue.

"I told you I was in a relationship. It progressed but he didn't want the baby so we split up," she lied to him. She'd rehearsed the story to herself many times over and said it with conviction. She wouldn't even attempt to go into a custody battle with Lucas.

He saw the tiny flicker in her eyes as she lied to him. He knew she wasn't telling him the truth.

He knew she was pregnant with his baby but he couldn't figure out why she would tell him otherwise. What if he allowed her to convince him the baby wasn't his? He couldn't figure out what she would gain by that.

"What kind of game are you playing Amy? I don't get it. We both know that the baby you carry is mine so why would you lie to me about it?" In his confusion he let down his guard somewhat and spoke to her puzzled instead of with anger.

"I'm not playing games with you Lucas. This is my baby and no one will take him or her away from me. I'm qualified to raise this child." She said almost pleadingly. "I'm telling you the truth.

The child isn't yours," she was trying to will him to believe her words.

"Don't worry Amy you'll get to be a mother and a wife. We'll be married Friday. I've already made all the arrangements," he laughed without humor.

Lucas suddenly leaned down in front of her, trapping her between the couch and his arms.

"Don't get me wrong though my dear fiance, if you try to cross me, or run away with my baby, you'll never see our child again. Do I make myself clear?" he whispered to her in a deathly calm voice.

She knew he meant each word he said. She had to somehow convince him the kid wasn't his, or there was a real chance she could lose her child before she even had a chance to know her.

Please, she screamed inside her own head, please don't take away my child. "Lucas, I'm sorry, but she isn't yours. That night we had together was great but I moved on quickly. I don't know what else to tell you..." she said to him with as much conviction in her voice as she could manage.

"Fine, if you say the child isn't mine then we'll go have a DNA test done tomorrow. The procedure will be somewhat painful to you but will cause no harm to our child," he said, calling her bluff.

Amy turned stark white at his words. He could tell she had no idea such a test even existed. She probably figured he would have been glad not to be the father and just run as far as he could. She obviously didn't know him well at all.

She started to speak and then just gave up.

Game.

Set.

Match.

He just smiled. He knew that getting married wasn't what either of them wanted but there was no possible way that he would ever let another man raise his child or that he would be a weekend parent. She was carrying his baby, therefore the only solution possible was for them to wed immediately. He'd never understood how a man could walk away from his family.

Lucas was angry and he was confused but he knew what the right thing was for them to do and that was to provide a home together for the baby she carried.

Chapter Seven

Lucas decided he'd had enough for one night. "We'll finish this business tomorrow. Enjoy your last week as a single lady, because on Friday we will marry," was all he said before walking out her front door.

Amy collapsed on the sofa and allowed herself a good cry. How could she have ever fooled herself into thinking he would believe that her child wasn't his. Why had she not gotten rid of that test? If she'd only emptied her garbage can, then she could've held her secret to herself for a few more precious months, maybe even more if she found the right clothing.

She'd only confirmed the pregnancy recently. She started to feel sick and ran into her guest bathroom, which was the closest. She rarely used it, unless she got sick. She threw up in the toilet as all the stress from the day caught up to her and then laid there for a moment.

When she got up to wash her face, she looked down and moaned. Stupid, stupid, stupid, she berated herself as she spotted the test in question. How could she have left the pregnancy test in there?

She couldn't believe she'd left the smoking gun out where he could see it. This was all her fault.

Feeling defeated, Amy dragged herself back to her room and cried herself to sleep. She just wanted the day to be over with. She would find a solution to her current problem in the morning.

The next morning Amy woke up feeling miserable. She ran to the bathroom and emptied her entire stomach, plus some. She showered and threw up some more. She was just starting into her second trimester; the morning sickness should be over with.

She knew she was losing weight, as her clothes were fitting her loosely, which should've been the opposite. She really hadn't worried too much about it, as everything she'd read so far had shown that morning sickness was a normal part of the first trimester.

She weakly sat on the floor of the tub as the steaming water washed over her. She threw up some more and when there was nothing left, she continued to dry heave.

She sat in the tub shivering, but was too weak to climb out. She was frightened by the weakness in her body. "Please God; let nothing happen to my child. I will bear nine months straight of sickness if you will just spare my child," she weakly muttered out loud.

Since she couldn't find the energy to climb out of the tub, she grabbed the nearby towels and threw them over her in an effort to keep warm.

She couldn't even get up to call into her job. She would get fired for sure, as Lucas would just assume she was a no call, no show, in an attempt to avoid him.

She fell asleep from the pure exhaustion that had stolen throughout her entire body. She thanked the blackness so she wouldn't have to feel the overwhelming cold and achiness consuming her.

Lucas decided to wait until Amy left before he would head to work, just in case she decided to try and run. He'd put the guard on alert to notify him during the night at any time if she was to leave the building. The employees of his company were very loyal to him as they were treated well. No questions were asked; they just told him he would be notified.

He hadn't slept well and was feeling cranky. When it was starting time and she still hadn't left the building, he was furious. So she figured now that she was pregnant she could skip work.

Over his dead body! She wasn't avoiding him to try and come up with more lies for him.

He marched down to her apartment and let himself in. She wasn't in the living room or kitchen.

He was even more furious. She hadn't even bothered to get out of bed. Well, she'd gotten the husband, so he figured she didn't want to work anymore. Why work when you could get all you wanted for free?

He walked down to her bedroom and swung the door open, ready to rip the covers off of her and have a rip roaring fight. He needed to yell and vent his anger and she was the expected target. He was angry about everything and he desperately needed a target to take out his frustrations on.

When he opened up her door and her bed was empty, he began to feel his first stirrings of unease. Had she left without him knowing? That wasn't possible. He had a very secure building.

She wasn't a prisoner but his staff was very loyal and they would've told him if she'd left. He double checked his phone to make sure he hadn't somehow missed a call.

He turned to go into the living room and noticed her bathroom door was shut. He walked over to it and listened for a moment. There was no sound from inside. Without thinking of her privacy he opened the door and walked in.

Lucas was terrified when he saw her small body lying there, barely covered up in the tub. Had she taken her life? No!!! He ran to her and fell to the floor, then breathed a sigh of relief as he saw her chest move up and down. She was shivering, even in her sleep and had dark purple smudges under her eyes.

He took a good look at her and then noticed how small she looked. She'd dropped some significant weight. Weren't pregnant women supposed to gain weight? How hadn't he noticed the changes in her body?

That was an easy question to answer. He hadn't noticed because he'd done all he could to avoid looking at her too closely. He'd avoided her as much as possible so he didn't take her right there on her desk at work. He'd hoped to have gotten over her by this time, as he'd never been so hooked on any woman.

He knew no one could fake this kind of illness. He immediately felt guilty at what he'd put her through last night. Thinking back, he could see where she'd looked worn and exhausted and he'd not cared at all. He'd only cared she was trying to fool him.

Lucas stood up and wrapped his arms under her body, lifting her from the tub. She immediately snuggled closer into his grasp, seeking warmth, even in her sleep. The towels fell from her body and his gut clenched in shock.

She'd lost even more weight than he'd first thought. She wasn't having a good pregnancy. He should've been paying attention. He laid her on the bed and covered her up, while her body curled into a ball. She let out a slight moan, not once waking. He noticed the slight bump on her stomach for the first time.

Wow, he thought, that bump is my child. It really slammed into him that he was going to be a father in six months. Now that his anger had fled away, the idea of a son was an amazing thing.

In six months he would be holding his baby. He would be throwing balls with him in a few years and bouncing him on his knees.

He was shocked to find that he already loved his unborn child. He loved the precious baby that was growing inside her. He wouldn't let anything happen to him or his mother.

Lucas called the family doctor and then climbed into the bed and pulled her into his arms. He simply wanted to warm her up. He needed to protect both of them. He'd never felt such terror as seeing her lying in that empty tub.

She curled around him and let out a sigh. After a few minutes her body finally quit shaking. He held her and rubbed her back, willing her and his child to be okay.

When Lucas heard the knock at the door, he let the doctor in, scared that there was something seriously wrong.

"Amy, there you go, open up your eyes. That's a good girl. My name is Dr. Scott and I'm going to check you over okay. Do you know what happened this morning?" was what Amy woke up too. She had no idea how she'd gotten into her bed, but the warmth felt so good.

"I was throwing up a lot and then climbed into the shower and couldn't get back out," she mumbled in a cracked voice. She finally looked around and noticed Lucas standing there behind the doctor.

"I don't know how I got here, or really what happened. I was just so cold and so tired," she finished.

"Save your energy Amy. We're going to make sure you and your child are okay," said the doctor, comforting her. She closed her eyes again, since they felt like they had ten pound weights on each one.

She felt him touching her and then a slight pinch, but the worst part of the whole thing was being uncovered periodically. She faded in and out of sleep. Finally she heard the doctor quietly talking to someone. It felt more like a dream. Maybe it was.

"She'll be fine. She needs to be on bed rest until I get these tests back, but it looks to me like severe morning sickness, leading to dehydration. There's no bleeding but she's undernourished.

The baby seems to be fine though. I will want her to come in to the offices in a day or two for an ultrasound, but it seems she's about three months along and otherwise healthy. Get a lot of fluids into her today such as soups and juices. The more calories, the better."

"That's great, Scott. I appreciate you rushing over here so quickly. I'll see you on Friday." Then she heard some steps and the door shutting. She faded back out to the blissfulness of sleep.

Lucas paced in the apartment after he called in and cancelled all appointments for the day. He wanted to shake her awake and force feed her, but the doctor had told him that rest was just as important as food. He'd given her sleeping aids and anti-nauseous pills and told him to keep an eye on her to make sure she ate and drank whenever she woke.

She partially woke several times and he practically force fed her. She mumbled complaints, but took his administering.

By the time darkness hit Lucas was exhausted. He went into the room and climbed in bed next to her once more that day. He pulled her close to him and fell into a deep and exhausted sleep. He felt that he could sleep an entire week with her in his arms.

Lucas felt Amy squirming around a bit and opened his eyes. They were facing each other and she was staring into his eyes with shock, embarrassment and panic. "Morning," he mumbled. "Did you sleep well?"

Her eyes opened even further at his casual words. He knew she was confused, he could see it.

She was most likely wondering how they'd gotten into bed together and if they'd done anything.

"Don't look so panicked. All we did was sleep. You were freezing all day and night until I laid down to share some body heat," he said lazily. He felt pretty good waking up with her. He hadn't slept that well in far too long to remember. He hadn't woken up once during the night.

"Excuse me," she said as she tried to untangle herself from him. "I um, need to use the bathroom please," she turned bright red. He let her go and she quickly stepped into the bathroom.

Lucas was grateful that he'd dressed her. He wouldn't have been able to handle watching her walk nak*d away from the bed. Not after her body had been molded to his the entire night.

He continued to lie there, not able to get out of the bed. He was wearing nothing except a pair of boxers that would show her the restraint he'd used in letting her go. When he heard the shower start he decided he'd better get dressed.

Amy was in the bathroom long enough to make Lucas start to worry. He was about to go in after her when the door finally opened. She was wearing the robe he'd seen hanging off the back of the door. She took his breath away.

Even pale, underweight and makeup free she was spectacular. He was beginning to think waking up with her daily wasn't such a bad thing. He thought they could actually make the marriage work and before long he would be able to hold his baby, their baby.

"Thank you for calling the doctor. I uh don't know what happened yesterday. I think, maybe I haven't been eating enough or something. The baby seems to zap a lot of energy," she said with a small smile while rubbing her belly unconsciously.

She was nervous and didn't know how to deal with it, or what to say. She'd never woken with a guy in the morning. She didn't think they'd had sex, but wasn't a hundred percent on it. She was already falling in love with Lucas and needed to back up some and figure things out.

One minute the guy was being an arrogant jerk and then the next he was fretting over her and making sure she was well. She couldn't figure him out. It was confusing and she was more scared than she'd ever been before. That was saying a lot, considering the way she'd grown up.

Lucas spent the day with her at the apartment. She napped off and on and started regaining some of her color. Later in the afternoon, she was well enough for a trip to the doctor's office.

They didn't speak on the way there, both of them thinking of different things. She was anxious to see that the baby was unharmed and he was scared about what would happen if his child, that he hadn't even known he wanted, was harmed in some way.

She couldn't believe she was going to see the first images of her precious child. Once she knew she was okay and could actually see her moving inside of her, Amy would feel much better.

They walked straight back into the doctor's office, where he gave her privacy as she changed.

Next they sat there and waited together for Dr. Scott to come in. She would've much rather Lucas waited in the front office, but she could tell there was no way he was going to miss the ultrasound.

The door opened, "well you look much better this afternoon Amy. Let's see how your child is doing, shall we?" the doctor said, going straight to the ultrasound monitor. He rubbed some sort of goo on her belly and she jumped a little at the coldness.

There was nothing for a few moments and then, there on the monitor, she saw a perfect little face. "This is the new three dimensional ultrasound monitor. We get a much clearer image of the unborn babies. It's still a little early to determine the sex, but it looks like all is healthy and well," Dr. Scott reassured them both.

He took down some measurements. "It looks like your due date will be December seventeenth.

You are just over three months along. Your child is fully formed and about the size of a peanut in its shell. But the heartbeat is strong and developing nicely. Would you like to hear it now?" he continued on.

Amy and Lucas both nodded yes. Suddenly the only sound in the room was a gentle thumping sound that was moving quickly. No one said a word as the beat continued on. Lucas looked from the monitor to Amy's face and saw tears streaming down her cheeks.

The moment was so moving for him, he became a bit choked up and had to turn away. His child was strong and safe. Amy was beautiful and he was so glad she was the one carrying his baby.

He could see the love and excitement shining through her. He could see she was already in love with their child and he knew she would be a phenomenal mother.

They may have started things the wrong way, but he knew it would all work out. Dr. Scott printed them off some pictures from the ultrasound and sent them on their way. Neither of them spoke while walking out of the office. They were both thinking of the images they'd just witnessed. They were both imaging the precious child that was going to soon be gracing their lives.

Lucas took Amy to lunch and they were both so excited about the baby being in good health they dropped their guards and had a very nice time together. Amy figured he'd dropped the whole shotgun marriage idea. She figured wrong.

After the lunch he drove up to the family home. "Why are we here?" she asked him nervously.

"We have some wedding things to discuss with my parents," he replied.

"Lucas, I'm not getting married to you. I won't be forced into a marriage for any reason. I may be old fashioned but I believe in getting married for love and nothing else," she said, hoping he would finally drop the ridiculous argument.

"Amy, I'm also old fashioned and I believe a child needs both parents. You won't raise my child alone. I won't argue about this. He will have two parents. You can't keep my child from me." The tone in his voice terrified her. She knew that he wasn't going to back down.

Amy bowed her head and dealt with the acceptance. She was going to have to marry a man for her child's sake, not because he loved her. He was giving her no other choice in the matter. She was frustrated she'd made the poor mistake of sleeping with him. She wouldn't regret her child, she just wished she'd made her with someone who would've walked away and never looked back, or loved her unconditionally.

She wasn't willing, nor prepared to share her child with another person. Sure, it would be great to have a happy, loving family, but she couldn't think of many couples that actually stayed together. The divorce rate rose each year and she'd never wanted to be added to that list of statistics.

They walked into the house with no other words for each other. He'd made his point, she'd made hers and he'd won. She knew he would always win; she just really had hoped he wouldn't have wanted to play in the game of fatherhood.

"Lucas, Amy, I'm so glad to see you guys. We have much to discuss. All the arrangements have been made. Amy, you run along with Katherine and get your gown picked out so we can get the alterations done," Joseph said talking a million miles a minute.

Amy was whisked around the house and shown the flower choices and cake. She was fitted into a dress that was far more beautiful than anything she'd ever seen before. Amy had pictured her wedding day when she was young, as most little girls did and this was a dream wedding. It would've been perfect if the groom was in love with her. It would've been even more perfect if she believed marriage could last forever.

Well, she was being given more than most women were. She would have a safe home and get to be a mother. She could deal with anything as long as she had her child in her arms. She knew it was a marriage of convenience but she would just have to deal with that. She knew it would get lonely, but how lonely could she really be having her child with her.

Besides, she'd planned on being a single mother so she would just look at it like being a single mother with a roommate, who also loved her child very much.

They stayed at the house most of the day and had dinner with Joseph and Katherine, who she was already in love with. Katherine was quiet and seemed to get overpowered by Joseph a lot of the time but it was obvious to anyone who was around them that he adored her in a way that made Amy ache. She had a quiet dignity about her that let everyone know even though Joseph had the loudest bark she was truly the one in charge. She was the kind of mother Amy had dreamed about having in her miserable years growing up.

They were both kind and caring and they listened to her as if what she had to say was the most important thing in the world. She only wished she'd grown up with parents like them. But since she was marrying Lucas, they would be her parents. That was a great benefit to the union. It was something positive to look forward to. She still thought the marriage was a bad idea but the more time she spent with Lucas outside of the office the more she thought her life wasn't completely ruined.

By the time Lucas took her back to the apartment building Amy was almost asleep on her feet.

She'd been through a very full day but for the most part, it had been a good one. She would always enjoy visiting with Joseph and Katherine and nothing had been greater than seeing the ultrasound of her unborn child.

She must've looked at the picture a hundred times throughout the day. She'd choked up when Lucas had handed the photo to his father and she'd seen the sheen of tears in his eyes. She knew beyond any doubt her child would be loved beyond compare. She would have so much of a better childhood than most children.

"Well son, this is the greatest gift you could've ever given your mother and I," was all he said as he engulfed both of them in a bear sized hug.

Amy smiled to herself as she thought about how wonderful of a man he was. Lucas put his hand on her back as they walked into the building and went straight to the elevator. She felt a tremor run down her spine at his touch. She had tried so hard to resist her attraction to him and it took everything in her to try and maintain some distance.

They stepped off of the elevator and Amy headed for her door. "Not tonight Amy, we'll use my apartment," Lucas startled her out of her own thoughts.

"I just want to go home alone Lucas," she said. "It's been a very long day and I need some time to myself," she finished in a pleading tone, with a hint of annoyance.

Lucas sighed aloud and simply steered her past the door and down the hallway. "Amy you will be my wife in a few days. I'm not only taking you as a wife on paper. We'll live together, sleep together and be together in every way that a husband and wife are meant to be. I will only marry once. You will be provided for very well and in turn I expect to be taken care of. You will share my bed," he once again spoke in that voice that brooked no room for argument.

She was suddenly very alert and seething mad. She was getting really sick and tired of him throwing his weight around and just expecting her to follow along with everything that he demanded.

"Okay Lucas, I've accepted that we are to be married and I plan on doing my 'wifely duties,' but for the next few days I'm not your wife and I would like to enjoy my apartment before my jail sentence begins," she said to him, wanting to strike out and hurt him.

She had the opposite effect of angering him. Lucas had to keep from smiling at her. If she saw that then she would think he was laughing at her, which in a way he was. He was thinking he was going to definitely enjoy his marriage. He wouldn't have been happy with some woman who catered to his every whim. He had enough people willing to do that. He liked that his future wife had a strong personality and felt a desire to fight him. He knew that he wouldn't get bored with her ever.

He knew he could push the issue and she would stay with him but he also knew to win the war was far more important than to win each and every battle. He'd put her through the wringer already and her health was far more important than anything else. He would let her have this one.

"Fine, we'll do it your way. It will make the honeymoon that much better," he said as he led her back down to her door. Just as she was about to go through the open doorway he wrapped his arms around her and kissed her, long and hard. Let her think about what she would be missing out on tonight he thought as he noticed her swoon.

He walked away feeling pretty good about himself. That was until he got into his apartment, alone and in need of release. He sighed as he turned his shower faucet to cold and prepared himself for a hell of a long week.

Chapter Eight

"Breathe Amy, just breathe." She felt like she was about to hyperventilate as she stood in the dressing room inside the huge mansion. She'd spent the morning being pampered for her wedding day.

Her hair was up in a bun with curls cascading down her neck and face. Her make-up had been expertly applied to erase the dark circles and highlight her eyes and mouth. Her nails were extended and painted. She didn't even feel like herself. They'd just put her in the most magnificent dress she'd ever seen and she was staring in the mirror at a stranger. Who was the girl gazing back at her? They had thankfully given her a few blessed minutes to calm herself, which she was grateful for.

"It's time Amy," she heard Joseph say softly. That was enough to make her turn her head. She'd never heard him speak without his normal booming tenor. He looked so handsome in his tuxedo.

She definitely knew who the boys got their great looks from. He was so alike and yet so different from Lucas.

Joseph had great looks and had aged well. The biggest difference between Joseph and Lucas were their eyes. Lucas's eyes were always so focused and determined, where Joseph's had laugh lines around them and always seemed to sparkle. He seemed to be so much more relaxed and at ease. She wondered if he'd been that way his whole life or if there was a time he'd held that same focused look as his son.

Joseph walked up and kissed her on the cheek. "I'm so glad to finally have a daughter in the family. You're beautiful inside and out," he wrapped his large arms around her for a gentle hug.

Those words meant so much to her. He would never know how much she needed to be included in a loving family. She would give up any amount of money to be loved the way Joseph loved his children. She was getting just a piece of that now and didn't ever want to let it go.

"I know that your own father isn't here and I wanted to say that I would be more than honored if you would allow me to walk you down the aisle this afternoon," he said with some tears in his eyes.

Amy's eyes were burning, as she replied to his kind offer. "It would be my honor to have you escort me. You're the kind of father I always dreamed of having." She couldn't say anything further because she got entirely too choked up as she looked into his kind eyes. He pulled her close for a hug and she clung to him, hoping he would never let her go. She'd been so careful in her years to not get too attached to people, yet in a few short months she loved Lucas's entire family.

"Now, now, you don't want to get all teary eyed and ruin that makeup. I don't think my son could handle any delays. He's already pacing up and down the hallway. The preacher just led him to his spot at the altar," Joseph chuckled.

Amy took one final look in the mirror and then took a deep breath, "I'm ready," she said. She took Josephs arm as he led her out of the room. Amy heard the music begin as they stepped through the doorway.

She gasped and the only thing that kept her from running was Joseph gripping her arm. "I thought only a few people would be here," she whispered to him.

"Now Amy, don't be frightened. My oldest son's finally getting married and we couldn't hurt anyone's feelings by not including them in the affair," he said to her, making her feel some guilt about not wanting all the strangers staring at her.

Amy took a deep breath and felt the nerves running through her entire body as they took the first steps down the beautifully made aisle. She looked straight ahead because she feared if she faced the stranger's faces she would turn around and run.

Suddenly she spotted Lucas at the end of the aisle, just a short distance from her. He took her breath away with how beautiful of a man he was. Their eyes met and held. He gave her a smile that seemed to tell her everything would be okay.

Amy felt like the wind had been knocked out of her. She stopped to catch her breath. Joseph looked at her quizzically, but she didn't notice. She didn't notice anything but the way her body was quivering.

She was in love with him. She loved him so much she couldn't imagine her life without him. He was going to be her husband and he didn't love her. She didn't know how she was going to get through the wedding. She didn't know how she could be with him every single day, making love and raising a child and knowing he didn't love her. She was barely holding herself together.

Joseph prompted her and she finally began to walk forward again. She had to fight to keep the tears away. Maybe he would fall in love with me, she tried to comfort herself. But if he thought she'd somehow trapped him into the marriage, how would he ever trust her, much less love her?

He knew she hadn't planned the pregnancy but he was honorable in doing what was right for his child and therefore would always feel like he was trapped.

There was nothing she could do at the moment, so she would continue on down the aisle and get the wedding over with. She was a strong person. She would have to store away her love and try to survive the whole thing.

Lucas felt a moment of panic as Amy stopped halfway down the aisle. Was she going to turn and run? He wouldn't let her get far. He knew how badly she wanted her baby and as much as it hurt him to trap her he couldn't let them go. In the months he'd known her she'd invaded his every sense and he couldn't picture a future any longer without her in it.

He breathed a sigh of relief as they began walking towards him, again. When his father placed her hand in his and then stepped up to stand beside him, he felt a feeling of calmness wash over him. He had her in his arms and he wasn't going to let her go.

He barely heard the preacher saying the vows. He focused just enough to repeat the words he needed to say but other than that his mind was consumed by his beautiful bride.

She was a vision, unlike anything he'd ever seen before. He'd dated models and heiresses. He'd been with far more women than he should've been with but none of them had been able to cause the tightening in his gut like Amy could. She had a natural beauty that outshone the brightest stars of Hollywood.

He would move heaven and earth to have her be his wife forever. He was falling in love with her, he realized. He was shocked to the depths of his soul by that revelation. He couldn't let her know of his feelings because then she would know she had the power to drop him to his knees and beg her for mercy.

He wouldn't let her destroy him. He would be a good husband and she would learn to love him and not his name and not his money. Please God, let her love me and not what I can give her, he secretly added to his vows of love, honor and obey.

They finished the ceremony and the preacher told him to kiss his new bride. Lucas gave a full-fledged smile. "Gladly." then he bent her slightly backwards and consumed her mouth. They both forgot they were standing in a room full of people.

Neither of them had any idea how long the kiss continued. They may as well have been alone in their bedroom. It had been so long since he'd held her and tasted the sweet nectar of her lips.

"Ah son, you have plenty of time for that during the honeymoon," Joseph interrupted the pair and slapped his son on the back. The crowd laughed at Lucas's enthusiasm. Amy turned scarlet and Lucas looked like a very proud husband.

To all those witnessing the wedding that afternoon, the marriage looked like a union of love, which was going to last forever. The way each of them looked at one another could only be described as besotted.

They walked down the aisle as Joseph led the vast group of people to the backyard. Amy was once again in awe of the Anderson family. She couldn't believe they'd planned the wedding in less than a week.

The yard had glamorous tents set up, with linen covered tables filling them. There was soft lighting, a dance floor and an entire band playing music. Caterers carried around trays of champagne and food, attending to the guests.

On each table sat crystal, china and the most beautiful flower arrangements she could've ever wished for. She decided to enjoy the day that was all about her. She would imagine it was a real wedding, with a loving groom at her side.

Lucas had wanted all the silly little traditional things. He didn't even know why. God knew it wasn't a traditional wedding. Amy probably thought it more appropriate to have guards with guns ushering her from station to station.

He was surprised to see she seemed to be enjoying herself. She wasn't gloating or acting like she'd won a game. She appeared to be in slight awe and genuinely happy. His bride was full of surprises or she was one phenomenal actress.

"You know you're absolutely stunning tonight," Tom said to her when he finally managed to get a moment with her. She threw her arms around him grateful her best friend was there in a sea of strangers.

"Thank you for being here Tom. This is all so overwhelming," she told him with a sniffle.

"Just don't forget about me now that you're married and prego," he said with a teasing smile.

She could see the insecurity underneath the teasing though.

"I haven't had any true friends my entire life. You're the first one and I promise you you'll always be the first person I call when I need a shoulder to cry on. You know that you can also call me anytime. We will always be best friends," she said. She gave him one more hug before she was called over to cut the cake.

Lucas and her cut the cake and fed each other. They toasted their union and they shared dances with family members. Lucas was surprised a little by the intense jealousy he felt as each of his brothers pulled Amy far too close for a married woman and whisked her around the dance floor.

When she was dancing with Alex she let out a delighted laugh at something he said. Lucas walked away from his partner without a word and reclaimed his bride. His brother laughed harder and kissed Amy on the cheek before releasing her to her husband.

"What were the two of you laughing about?" he questioned her with jealousy, as he spun her around the dance floor.

"He told me if I came to my senses I could call him and he would whisk me away from his boring older brother," she said smiling, still in delight, from his brother.

"You're mine and only mine and the only one that will be whisking you anywhere will be me from now on," he stated and pulled her into his arms even tighter so she would have room for only him in her mind.

He kissed her until he couldn't stand anymore and then decided they'd spent enough time with people. It was far past time to start the honeymoon portion of the wedding.

"It's time to go. Let's say goodnight to my parents and run away from here," he spoke as he took her hand and led her in the direction of his mom and dad. Amy became incredibly scared as he led her towards his parents. This was it. They were going to be alone very soon and she was terrified. She didn't know how to act as a married woman.

She wasn't worried about sex. They definitely had chemistry together, but she was worried about the before and after sex. Did she kiss him if she felt like it? Did she take his hand in hers? Did she tell him when the baby was kicking so they could share it? Were those things too intimate?

In a regular marriage you didn't need to ask those kinds of questions, but this wasn't a regular marriage and she didn't know what was expected of her. It was terrifying.

"Mom, dad, thank you so much for the wedding. I know that I didn't give you enough time and you made it beautiful anyway. We're leaving now," he said as he hugged both of his parents.

"Thank you both so much. You're truly amazing parents. I'm very glad to be a part of your family," Amy added shyly.

"My dear, we're the ones grateful to have you in our lives. Now we finally have the daughter we weren't blessed with," Joseph said, grabbing her up in a hug and then passing her over to his wife.

"You two have a wonderful honeymoon and we'll get together for lunch next week. Now that the wedding is over it's time to prepare for our first grandchild," Katherine added while hugging her.

Amy was so overcome by her amazing in-laws she didn't know what else to say. Her child would be loved beyond compare and spoiled beyond measure. The love certainly outweighed everything else about the unusual union.

"Give us a few minutes to run upstairs and get Amy changed for your departure," Katherine said, while taking her into the house. Lucas looked as if he wasn't going to let her go for a minute, until Joseph laughed and then pulled him aside.

"She'll be right back son." Amy really loved that laughter. She quickly walked up the stairs with Katherine. She was nervous as they entered the bedroom and she saw the beautiful outfit Katherine had purchased for her.

"Amy, I know that all of this has been overwhelming for you but I want you to know that I'm very happy to have you in our lives," Katherine told her, which brought tears to her eyes again.

She wanted a mother so badly.

"Thank you, Katherine. It's all happened so quickly," she replied. She didn't want to say anything badly about Lucas but at times the man was really overwhelming.

"I know my son can be stubborn and a bit hard-headed. He's been hurt before. When a family's been given as much as we have, people tend to take advantage of you. Lucas has been with women before who really hurt him. He'd never admit that but a mother can see things that others can't. You'll learn all this soon enough," Katherine told her gently.

"I just don't want him to hate me for thinking I somehow trapped him," Amy told her, feeling she could be honest.

"Oh hunny, you've nothing to worry about. Lucas's growl is far worse than his bite. He'll make a fine husband. I can already see he worships you and it gives my heart great pleasure to see the way you look at him. Don't look at me all panicked. I'm not expecting you to blurt out your love for him but I know that you'll both be fine," Katherine said. She then pulled Amy close to her again and the two women stood there for several moments hugging.

"Thank you again. This all means more than you could ever know," Amy told her as she wiped away her tears.

"You're the one who should be thanked. I never thought my son would find a woman like you.

Now, we'd better get you back downstairs before Lucas comes hunting for you," Katherine finished. Amy changed quickly into the beautiful blouse and skirt and then the two of them headed back downstairs.

Lucas led Amy away from the house amid shouts of goodwill and much birdseed. They made their way to the awaiting limo that was decorated with 'just married' across the back. As soon as they were in the backseat together, Lucas pulled her into his arms and again ravished her mouth.

She wanted him so badly; she didn't have a single thought of pushing him away. Her breathing deepened as she tangled her hands in his thick, dark hair, to pull him closer to her. He was pressed tightly against her aching body and she still felt like she couldn't get close enough to him. Oh, how she loved the man and now he was her husband.

Lucas was so hungry for her; there was no way he could hold out until they got to the jet, which was an hour away. He unbuttoned her blouse and stripped her bra off within seconds. Then Amy gasped as he was lavishing her br**sts with his hands and lips. He was molding her aching body with a sweet lovers touch. She pressed tighter into his administering, not wanting it to ever stop.

Her n**ples were peaked in desire from his touch. When his mouth clasped over one rosy tip, she threw her head back and moaned. He switched sides, giving her body the full attention it needed and wanted.

She noticed immediately how much more sensitive her body was now that she was pregnant.

He'd turned her to molten lava the only other time they'd made love, but this time she felt like she was going to sink right through the seat. She couldn't get enough of his hands or mouth on her body.

When he released her hardened nipple and trailed his mouth down her stomach, which was just barely showing any signs of life within, she began to tremble. He stripped her skirt and scrap of underwear off in one motion and then he was trailing his lips and tongue over the sensitive skin on the insides of her thighs. She couldn't stay still. She wanted more. She tried pulling him back up her body, but he just looked up at her with smoldering eyes and gave a slight shake to his head.

He again began caressing her legs, while his hands ran up and down her stomach, reaching over her br**sts and then back down again. Suddenly he was kissing her in the most intimate way a man can kiss a woman. She jerked at the intimate contact and then all thoughts left her and she could do nothing but feel.

It took only seconds and she was falling apart, quivering as her body exploded in complete ecstasy. Before she had time to even blink, Lucas was nak*d and once again kissing her passionately. Her body started burning again in anticipation of their union.

He thrust his tongue inside her mouth, then spread her legs apart and suddenly he was deep within her folds. Their breathing was mingled with the sound of her groans, as her body tightened around him.

She fell apart a second time, quivering in his arms and that was all it took to send him over the edge. He pushed into her one final time and then fell against her, fully sated. Neither of them talked as their breathing slowly returned to normal.

She didn't want to let him go. She knew once they broke apart, the awkward silence would begin. For now it was just two lovers enjoying the aftermath of what they'd just shared.

They were still lying pressed together when the driver announced they would reach their destination in about five minutes, over the car intercom.

Amy flushed scarlet, quickly scrambling to get her clothing back in place. "Where's my bra?" she asked in a panic.

Lucas laughed aloud at the horror on her face, at the thought of getting caught nak*d in the back of a car with her husband.

He pulled the bra out from behind him and handed it over to her. She finished dressing in record time and then scooted away from him a bit. Lucas straightened up himself, but knew the clothes would be coming back off in a few minutes. He found it very endearing that his wife was afraid to be caught necking in the back of the car.

He'd just finished loving his wife, far too quickly and now wanted to take her again much more slowly and thoroughly. He could already feel his body hardening in anticipation of sinking into her again. He couldn't understand how he could crave her so quickly after being totally satisfied.

They pulled up to the airport where his private jet was awaiting their arrival. Lucas led her inside while the luggage was loaded. "We'll be taking off in about thirty minutes Mr. Anderson. Is there anything I can get for you two while we are waiting?" Some far too cute and perky blond lady asked them when they were inside.

"Yes Lana, thank you, we'll each have dinner and I'll take a glass of bourbon."

"What would you like to drink, dear?" He asked Amy.

"I would love some milk please," she simply replied, realizing for the first time she was starving.

She loved the term of endearment coming off of his lips. It made her feel like a real wife.

"Here's your drink Mrs. Anderson. Your meal will be out in just a few moments," the perky flight attendant said as she returned promptly.

Amy looked up at her, with a bit of shock. She'd called her Mrs. Anderson. She was Mrs.

Anderson. That hadn't really sunk in. She'd continually thought about the power that name commanded and now she had that name. She was so out of sorts in his world that she didn't know how she could ever possibly fit in.

"How are you feeling?" Lucas asked her.

"Really good actually," she replied. "I forgot to eat today though, so I'm starving. I think I could consume an entire cow right now. Would it be rude for me to ask for two of the little dinners?" she asked him, somewhat embarrassed.

Lucas laughed out loud at her question. "We have a full meal prepared for us Amy. I don't think you will have to worry about being hungry. I'm pretty famished myself. I didn't get much chance to eat with everything that was going on."

"Here's your appetizer." Amy looked down at the plate Lana had set in front of her and her mouth started to water. There were several little things on it sending up the most amazing aromas. Her stomach growled loudly enough for both Lucas and the perfect Lana to hear.

"Well you better dig in before my son starts growling some more," Lucas said and patted her stomach.

Amy was so shocked by the intimate moment she again got tears in her eyes. She leaned over and kissed him impulsively. "Your son or daughter," she stressed with humor, "is just fine. It's the mommy that could consume everything in sight right now." She grabbed her fork and moaned aloud at how good it tasted.

Lucas sat there enjoying her pleasure for a few moments before starting on his own food. "I will serve your salads after we have taken off," Lana said and then left them to eat.

Amy finished off her food and looked over at what was remaining on Lucas's plate longingly.

He laughed at her pathetic look and then speared a bite and fed it to her. She closed her eyes in pleasure and he forgot all about food as all the blood rushed to his groin.

What she did to him was amazing. He wanted her all the time. She took so much pleasure in everything. He was starting to see he'd formed the wrong opinion about her. There was no way a person could act this well. She didn't get that look of ecstasy on her face when she saw the expensive items all around her. She did when she took a bite of food that melted on her tongue and definitely when he was thrusting inside of her.

"Amy can we please start this honeymoon off on the right foot. I'm sorry for the accusations I made against you. I would really like for us to just let things go and have a good trip," he said as he took her hand in his.

It was the first time ever when he'd actually apologized and asked something of her instead of demanding it. How could she possibly resist that?

Amy's eyes filled with tears once again and she shook her head yes. "These dang pregnancy hormones make me cry at the drop of a hat, I'm warning you now," she said on a little laugh.

"I'm not usually so emotional."

"I like you this way," he whispered and kissed her a little bit longer. "We've been cleared for takeoff Mr. Anderson. Please fasten your seat belts and we should have a smooth flight. The wind is going in our direction so we should be touching down in Paris at nine," said the pilot's voice over the intercom.

"I've never flown on a jet before but I've seen the movies and I have to tell you this is much nicer than sharing a row of seats with a big sweaty guy next to you and a screaming toddler behind," Amy said excitedly.

Lucas burst out laughing. She really was a fresh breath of air. "I would have to agree with you there."

During the takeoff Amy's face was glued to the window. She was fascinated by the whole procedure. She loved how the jet suddenly burst with speed. The feeling as they lifted into the air was unlike anything she'd ever experienced before.

She had no fear; she was feeling alive with adrenaline. She definitely had to add flying to her list of favorite things to do. She would have to see if her husband would fly her around to other places later. Maybe he would for their anniversary the next year.

Once they reached a certain height, Lana brought them out more food. They ate several courses including the best lobster she'd ever tasted. That definitely didn't come from the bargain market's frozen department. After the final course was served, she leaned back in her chair and rubbed her stomach. "You were right Lucas, I'm stuffed," she said to him sleepily as a yawn escaped her lips.

"Let's go take a nap. You look exhausted," he said as he got up and helped her from her seat.

"Can I get anything else for you Mr. Anderson," Lana asked.

"No thank you Lana. We're going to retire for the rest of the night," he simply replied.

They went back and lay down together on the very comfortable bed. Lucas slowly undressed his bride. He took his time showing her how much he wanted her.

Lucas spent the next hour showing her repeatedly how desirable she was. He then pulled her into his arms and she was asleep within seconds. He felt very lucky to have won his bride. They may not have started out the right way but he knew they were going be very good for each other.

Chapter Nine

Amy and Lucas had an amazing time on their honeymoon. He'd flown her to Paris for a couple weeks together. They didn't bring up any of the problems that had been ever so present in their relationship from the start. They just got to know one another.

They spent each night in the hotel making love and holding on to each other, neither of them willing to let the other person go. Amy thought if their relationship kept progressing that way they may have a future together after-all.

Lucas took her all around Paris. She was like a child at Disneyland. She loved all of the sites and ancient beauty of it all. She knew it was nothing new to Lucas and figured he was bored to pieces.

She was wrong on that aspect. Lucas was visiting Paris for the first time through her eyes. It was amazing to see things he'd seen countless times through her. She had such a love and appreciation of everything around her.

Lucas would've much rather stayed in their luxurious hotel room the entire time and tour her body instead, but reluctantly he took her around the city of love. He wondered when his thirst for his wife would quench somewhat.

He made love to her and then could turn around and do it again five minutes later. He couldn't get enough of her and she seemed to be the same with him. She wasn't usually the one to initiate their lovemaking but she made up for that with her total enthusiasm once they got started.

The honeymoon ended far too soon. The trip had been amazing but he was anxious to show his wife her wedding present. They'd both slept most of the red eye flight home, since they'd not slept much in Paris. When they arrived back in Seattle, early in the morning they didn't even have to deal with Jet Lag.

The company jet was comfortable enough it was like not even flying at all. Amy was happy in her marriage and she couldn't get enough of her husband. She was thrilled to follow him just about anywhere. She couldn't get enough of his hands on her body. She became tense with anticipation at just the thought of his magical fingers stroking her.

He took her out for a wonderful breakfast at a little family diner that served the best omelet she'd ever tasted. She consumed her entire meal and was barely full. She was seriously worried she was going to gain a hundred pounds if she wasn't careful. "I can't believe how much food I'm eating. You'd better stop me before I'm as big as a whale," she worriedly said to Lucas. He laughed aloud.

"Remember Amy you're eating for two and I can tell you now if you're carrying my child he'll be very demanding, even from the womb."

Oh well, she figured, he wasn't with her for her body anyway. He'd married her because she carried his child. That thought put a little bit of unease back into her good mood. Amy decided to brush it off and not think about it right then. She was enjoying her time with her husband way too much to let anything affect her.

"I have a wedding gift for you. I really hope that you like it because it would be difficult to return," Lucas said to Amy. She had no idea what else he could possibly have to give her.

She wished he could realize the only thing she wanted from him was his love. She didn't care about his money or his power. She didn't care about the trips to Paris or the massive diamond that was now resting on her finger. She just wanted him to love her as much as she loved him.

She felt badly too because she hadn't gotten him anything. "I didn't know we were supposed to get gifts for each other. I have nothing for you," she told him.

"Let me show you what it is," he told her as he helped her into his car. They drove out towards his parents' house and she figured it was at their place, although she didn't understand why when they had two apartments in the city.

He turned and drove down a long driveway and she was even more confused. Where were they going? They continued down the endless driveway with beautiful trees flanking it the entire way.

He stopped the car in front of a colonial style house that was larger than any person needed it to be.

He stepped out of the car and came around her side, opening the door. She stepped out and looked up at him quizzically. They walked up the steps and he opened the door, then suddenly lifted her into his arms and carried her inside.

"Welcome home," he told her and then placed his lips to hers. Amy was speechless. He'd gotten them a new home. Had he had it all along and just stayed at the apartments to be closer to work?

Had he lived there before with other women?

She had so many questions, but was far too afraid of the answers to question him. "This is really our house? We have a real house!" she finally exclaimed and let her excitement take over.

She'd always dreamed of having a real home with a real family in it, but had never thought it would happen for her. She knew that she would have a child, but to have a husband too seemed so unreal. She could barely breathe and was afraid to blink, because then it may all just disappear.

Lucas set her down on her feet and she rushed from room to room. The place was huge. There were some furnishings, but not very much. The kitchen had every appliance known to man and she couldn't wait to get in there.

A huge staircase circled around, allowing two ways to get up or down. It had the kind of railing you saw royalty descending from in all the romantic movies. She trailed her hand along the railing while she ran up the stairs. Several rooms were absolutely breathtaking.

She was surprised at the lack of furniture. Maybe it was to be delivered later. She walked into one room and gasped. There was nothing in it but a beautiful old fashioned crib with laced bedding on it.

She walked slowly up to the crib and ran her hand along it, picturing her child sleeping under the delicate quilt. Suddenly Lucas was behind her, wrapping her in his arms. "This was the same crib I slept in as a baby. I know that most mothers want to design their own nursery, but it would mean a lot to me and my parents if we used this crib for our child," he whispered in her ear.

"My mother made this quilt herself. She spent months on it while she was pregnant with me. She made one for each of her children and then saved them all for her future grandchildren," he continued on.

Amy was speechless. She was so touched by this piece of his history, she knew she wouldn't be able to get words out so instead she turned in his arms and decided to show him how much she liked the crib.

Lucas gently picked her up and carried her to their room. She was focused all on him and didn't finish her tour of the home until much later.

As they lay in the bed together and she cuddled under his chin, he rubbed her back while they talked. "You must have noticed the lack of furniture. The pieces that are here came from my parents and some pieces I've picked up over the years. The rest of the place is all for you to decorate. You can do what you want with it. If you wanted some help my mother told me to inform you she would really enjoy working with you to make this our home."

"In other words she is begging you to let her take you all over the place in a shopping frenzy. My mother really likes to shop, especially when it's for someone else. You'll be begging for mercy but honestly if you want to just do it on your own I'll make some excuse up," he said.

Amy could tell he meant what he said. She could've refused but she loved his parents and didn't think she would be able to deny them anything. She would really enjoy hanging out with his mother and learning from her. His mother would know everything about what babies needed, because she herself knew nothing.

"I would be very pleased to go with your mom, but I don't know when I will have the time," she said to him. Lucas took a deep breath as if he was trying to gain courage. That surprised her as he seemed to never fear anything.

"What is it?" she asked wondering what could be so awful.

"Amy, honestly I'm not trying to control you, but I think it would be best if you were to just focus on you and the baby. You've already had some health issues and will be really busy getting things ready for our new home and the baby. I don't think you should work for the company anymore," he finally got to the point.

Amy had many mixed feelings. She was surprised that the strongest emotion she was feeling was relief. She was doing well at her job but she didn't love it. There was so much stress involved and all she could think about was her unborn child and her husband anyway, which made work all that much more difficult.

She didn't want to be completely dependent on a man though and that really worried her. She did have a decent amount of savings already due to the fact that she had very little expenses. That was her security blanket. It wasn't enough to last long if they were no longer together but it would be enough to get her settled into a new place while she found a job.

"I would need to train a new person. I'm okay with not working there anymore. I will want to get a job after the baby is a few months old though, but it might be better if I didn't work for my husband," she surprised him by saying.

Lucas had been afraid she was going to feel like he was pushing her away. "You don't have to worry about training someone. My dad has already taken care of all that while we were on our honeymoon," he said happily. He was so relieved this hadn't caused them another fight.

"Who's this new person?" she asked suspiciously. She didn't want some skinny, hot young thing working with her husband for countless hours each week. She knew there were many women out there that wouldn't have any problem sleeping with a married man and that connecting door between their offices was far too easy to slink through.

The thought of another woman placing her hands on her husband was enough to quicken her breathing and she was ready to scratch the eyes out of this non- existent person. This was her family and she would do anything in her power to hold onto them.

Lucas laughed at her. He knew exactly what she was thinking. "Don't worry. She is a happily married grandmother of six, who is more than qualified. She actually worked for another division in the company and my father felt that it was high time she got a promotion," he reassured her.

"Esther's been working with her the past week and she's picked up on the job quickly. I think she'll do really well for us. Of course it will no longer be such a pleasure at the office for me knowing you're so far away. I've gotten used to your scent invading every aspect of my workspace. I will desperately miss it," he said while nuzzling her neck.

"Well, I guess everything has been taken care of then," she said feeling a little out of sorts, since she'd been replaced so easily. "I will focus on getting things ready for the baby." Amy was scared, as she'd always worked so hard in her life and now there wasn't much expected from her, except to get the home ready and wait for their child to be born. She'd been working so hard for so long she didn't know what she would do with all the extra time on her hands.

She thought maybe she could figure out something she would be able to do from home to bring more money to her savings account. She wouldn't take anything from her husband if he ever decided the marriage was over. She loved him and she wouldn't turn into the woman he thought she was at the beginning of their relationship.

It was sad to her how many people used Lucas and his family for their own selfish needs.

Couldn't all those people see that the Andersons' were amazing people without the money and power? Well, she planned on showing him how much she loved him for himself and nothing else for the rest of her life.

Amy spent the next couple of months getting her beautiful home fixed up and ready for her child.

She would frequently stop and just rub her belly. She was so overjoyed by the fact she was soon to be a mother.

Her relationship with her husband was going well. But there was also something missing. They made love regularly and it was amazing. When they were in the bed together, she felt cherished and like the most beautiful woman in the world.

When she was in his arms, everything was okay. He still hadn't said the magic words to her, but she did feel loved by him. Maybe he just wouldn't be able to tell her he was in love with her.

She had to fight herself daily to not shout the words out to him. Each time they made love, she would say them in her head over and over again. "I love you Lucas, I love you. " How she wished she had the confidence to tell him how she felt. She was afraid he would think her too clingy if she told him and then pull away from her.

She didn't know if she could survive if he didn't want her anymore. She'd begun to imagine the happily ever after life she'd read about in so many romance novels. She'd always thought it was a work of fiction but there she was really living it in her own ongoing novel.

Amy was lost in her own thoughts, as she attempted to read a book out by the pool. Her stomach was getting so much larger now as she was in the third trimester of her pregnancy. She kept waiting for Lucas to become repulsed with her body, but he seemed to think the changes were sexy, if his body's reaction were an indication.

Even on the rare nights they didn't make love she could feel the evidence he wanted her pressed into the softness of her behind.

"Hello sexy," said Lucas, as he sat down next to her and nuzzled her neck. "How are you feeling today," he continued up her neck with an open mouthed kiss that had her pulse sky rocketing.

"I'm feeling great," she purred. "Want me to take you upstairs and show you," she pleaded a bit, as his kisses were already making her body turn to a puddle of need.

He gave a chuckle and pulled her into his lap, where he sealed their mouths together in a deep kiss. By the time they pulled apart for some much needed air, she could feel the evidence of his arousal and she was ready for him.

He slid her skirt up and took her there on the lounge with her sitting atop him. She came fast and hard and then collapsed in his arms. "Now that was a great hello," he whispered to her as he continued to stroke her back.

"Dinner's ready," they heard a voice call from inside the house.

Lucas quickly covered his wife up, having forgotten their maid could've walked out at any moment. He forgot the rest of the world existed when she was wrapped in his arms.

He didn't like to lose control that way and sat there uncomfortably while his body tried to return to normal.

"I'm sorry about that," he said a bit sheepishly. "I was just coming out to say hello, but you make me go a little bit crazy," he continued on.

She laid her hand on his face while looking into his eyes. "Don't be sorry, I wanted you just as badly and no one caught us," she said a bit defensively. "I want to make love to you as much as possible before our child takes up all the room and you won't be able to touch me anymore," she finished a little self consciously.

He looked deeply into her eyes and spoke honestly, "you're beautiful Amy and your body changing with our child growing inside of you, only enhances that beauty. I want you all the time and that won't change." He continued to caress her.

They sat there for a while longer until hunger finally had them getting up and going into the kitchen where they shared a pleasantly quiet dinner and then retired early to bed to make love again. As she reached her peak, she quietly whispered "I love you," finally not being able to hold it back anymore.

She felt him stiffen a bit at her words and feared she'd somehow broken the rules of their marriage. He said nothing, but didn't push her away. She lay there in his arms feeling desolate and wanting him to repeat the words to her.

She felt like he loved her but maybe she was wrong. Silent tears fell down her cheeks, until she finally fell asleep from pure exhaustion.

Lucas lay there and held his wife as he waited for her breathing to even out, showing him she was finally sleeping. She loved him, he thought in awe. He'd seen the signs of her attachment to him and felt she was falling in love but he was so afraid to open himself up.

There'd been far too many women who'd spoken those same words to him; not because they loved him but because they loved his money, his power and all he could give them.

He knew deep down that Amy wasn't one of those women, but she already had him completely wrapped around her fingers. To give her his love too; seemed like he would be giving up the last thing he had left to hold onto. He wasn't ready to do that yet. He had to have something left, he tried to reason.

After she told Lucas she loved him he started coming home later and later. She was seeing him much less. She could feel him slipping away, before she'd ever really had him. She figured she was going to either give this her all, or let go. She couldn't live in the marriage half way anymore.

It was killing her a little bit more each and every day as she watched him pull further away from her. She didn't say she loved him anymore, afraid that if she did he would ask her to sleep in a separate room from him.

They were making love less often too, partially because he was gone so much more, but a lot had to do with the fact she was getting so far along in her pregnancy and she was tired all the time.

She had a few months in the middle where she'd felt great but the beginning had been hard and the end was even harder.

The doctor was keeping an eye on her, as she was swelling too much and he was worried her blood pressure was too high. He'd put her on bed rest for ninety percent of each day and she was getting really tired of it.

Finally, she got her blood pressure under control and the doctor told her she could move around a bit more and that some fresh air might do her some good. She decided to get out of the house for a while.

She was going into the office to surprise her husband with a romantic lunch, lovemaking and a confession. She was going to tell him how much she loved him and wanted the marriage to be real.

If he didn't return her feelings then she was going to let him go and get on with her life. She knew he would want to be a part of her child's life and that would have to work out but she couldn't live like roommates any longer.

She knew he still had the power to take her child away from her but as she'd gotten to know him she didn't think he could ever remove a child from her mother. Besides, there was no way Joseph and Katherine would ever support one of their children taking a child from its mom. They had too much love and respect for family.

Amy was feeling very nervous on her drive into the office. She hadn't been there in a while and she was scared he wouldn't be happy with the interruption. She planned her visit when she knew he would be there alone and she could just slip in.

She was praying that he could love her. Please, she prayed, let him love me as much as he loves our unborn child.

She walked into her old office, which was empty and pulled her coat a little bit tighter. It was long and covered her well, but she knew all she had on underneath was skimpy black lingerie. It had been hard to find something sexy, when her stomach was protruding out about a foot from the rest of her body, but unbelievably she'd hit the jackpot and felt sexy for the first time in a very long while.

She wasn't really self-conscious anymore of her body, as her husband would spend a lot of time rubbing her belly and speaking to his unborn child. He seemed as excited as her to be having a baby. Some things unplanned turned out pretty great.

She cracked the connecting door quietly and then stopped where she stood in utter dismay. Lucas wasn't alone in his office. There was some skinny red headed woman wrapped around him and they were locked in a passionate embrace.

Her hair was a mess as if they'd already been making love for hours. Her shirt was hanging open, with her skirt hiked up showing her garter. She was stunning in a way that Amy could never hope to be, she thought in agony.

This was the reason he wasn't coming home to her much anymore. He was having an affair.

She'd doubted he could love her but there had been growth in their relationship or so she'd thought. No matter what else though, she didn't figure he was the type of man to cheat.

They made love all the time. She thought he was satisfied, more than satisfied even, as their love making always seemed so frenzied, as if they couldn't get enough of each other. He was always ready to sink deep inside of her and that was something a man couldn't fake.

She was horrified to think that maybe he was picturing his mistress as he made love to her.

Maybe that was how he was always so ready. She knew that she could never compete with someone like the stunning redhead and Amy's heart was shattering.

She only stood there for a couple of seconds, but it seemed like an eternity. Her whole world broke apart and she didn't know how she was still standing.

Amy closed the door and ran back to the elevator. She could feel the tears streaming down her face as she quickly escaped to her car and sped home. She had her answer. She would never stay with a man who cheated on her. She couldn't do it.

Chapter Ten

"What do you think you're doing Laura?" Lucas spat to the redhead, who he'd dated months before him and Amy had become involved.

She'd walked into his office moments before, with her famous pouting expression, stating they needed to have a talk. He'd told her there was nothing to talk about but she'd come around his desk and sat in front of him, spreading her legs open, so he had no choice but to notice she was wearing nothing underneath her far too short skirt.

He couldn't believe at one time he had desired her. She was as fake as Amy was real and he wanted her out of his office immediately.

"You need to get out. There's nothing left between us," he said between clenched teeth as he backed his chair away from her. "You also know I'm a married man now and no longer on the market," he finished.

She'd just smiled at him with what she thought was a seductive stare and ripped open her shirt to show her ample br**sts spilling out of her bra.

He'd stood up to physically escort her from the room, when she wrapped herself around him and locked her lips to his. He was so shocked; he stood there for a few seconds before his hands came up to her waist and pushed her from him.

"Baby, you know you want me," she said sounding falsely hurt. He was done with her games. He marched over to his desk and pushed a single button. "Security, I need you in my office immediately," he said into the speaker.

Within a minute, two large men came into the room to see the still half nak*d woman trying to wrap herself around their boss. "Please escort this woman to the outside of the building and never let her in again," he said tightly, barely able to control his rage.

"Yes, Mr. Anderson, right away," they replied professionally, while each of them took one of her arms and led her away from him.

Lucas sat back in his chair and then rested his hands on his head. All he could think was thank God his wife wasn't there to have witnessed that situation. He was sure she would've thought he'd invited the woman.

She had good reason to be insecure in their marriage, as he'd been shutting her out lately. He'd pushed her further away with their intimacy reaching such a high level. He sat there as the realization he was in love with Amy washed over him.

Suddenly it didn't feel like a burden at all.

He loved his wife.

She loved him.

They were going to have a child together.

Suddenly all he wanted was to go home and wrap her up in his arms and tell her repeatedly how much she meant to him. He was done pushing her out of his life. He started to get up to head for the door, but remembered he had to finish what he was working on. The contract was due that evening and he was almost finished.

One more hour would make no difference, even though it felt like a lifetime. He quickly got back to work so he could be on his way home. He couldn't keep the smile from his face. He would stop for some roses on the way. He realized he had yet to purchase any for her.

Amy couldn't keep the tears from falling as she drove from the office to her beautiful home. She sat there in the car, staring at the place with a deep sadness, knowing she would never sleep there again in the arms of her husband. How could he have cheated on her? She'd given him her body freely and her love as well.

She pulled herself together enough to walk inside. She slowly climbed the stairs leading to their bedroom and once again a few tears slipped from her eyes. It wouldn't take her long to pack up; as she wouldn't take anything she didn't consider hers exclusively.

She packed up some clothes and baby items and then took the case back to her room. She looked around with one last glance and then took off her wedding ring. She sat at the vanity and wrote her husband a note.

She set her ring on top of the letter, grabbed her suitcases and walked out the door without allowing herself to look back again.

She had no idea where she was heading or what she was going to do when she got there. She just knew she had to get away. She was so afraid if he came through those doors and wrapped his arms around her she would melt and beg him to love her and to not run to the arms of another woman. She'd already given him her heart; she had nothing left to offer him. She had nothing he wanted.

Amy drove onto the freeway and started to drive south. After a few hours she was passing through Salem and it didn't feel far enough away. She was starting to feel a little bit sore though and pulled over at a rest stop to stretch out. She wanted to call up Tom and talk to him but he was at work and she was too afraid that Lucas would overhear the conversation. She would have to call him later because she really needed a friend right then.

She got on the road again and continued driving further south. Suddenly she was in Springfield, which was next to Eugene. She'd always wanted to go there so she took the next exit and ended up downtown.

She pulled off the freeway into the business district and started to look around for a cheap hotel.

She passed the Hilton and shook her head. That was beyond her price range at the moment.

Finally she found a little dive of a place and pulled in.

She walked inside, more tired than she could remember being in a very long while. The man behind the counter was leering at her and frightened her a bit with his missing teeth and foul odor.

"I would like a room for the night please," she asked quietly.

"Do you have a credit card," he hacked out at her.

"No, I have cash," she responded not wanting to use her credit card and not trusting the man to have her information.

"Well, we normally require a credit card in case you steal anything..." He leered again.

"Oh, then I guess I'll have to find another place," she stated calmly, even though she felt as if she was going to fall over at any moment.

"I guess we can do it on cash this time," he said a bit desperately. She wasn't going to stay in the place if there was not a double lock on the door. She didn't trust the guy at all.

"Thank you," Amy responded and then filled out the necessary paperwork, received her key, grabbed her car and drove to the parking spot in front of her door.

She wearily got out of the rig, grabbed her suitcase and then opened the door. She gasped a little bit at the smell of cigarettes and stale beer. She sighed and stepped inside. She was too scared to even open a window as the neighborhood she was in didn't seem the safest. She was not going to be Mrs. Anderson anymore and would have to get used to life like it had been before her marriage.

She didn't really care about the room; she was just so empty from the betrayal of her husband cheating. She'd been in his arms the night before and then he was in the arms of another just a few short hours later. Thank goodness for her exhaustion because she fell into a restless sleep almost immediately.

"Well then where the hell did she go," Lucas shouted to his cook Rosa. He knew it wasn't her fault Amy was gone but he had no one else to take his fear and anger out on.

He'd come home, anticipating holding his wife in his arms. The roses were clutched to his chest.

He'd opened the door and called out to her. When there was no answer, he hadn't felt panic yet, just headed up the stairs, where he figured she was taking a nap.

She'd been far more tired lately and he'd been worried about her health as well as that of his son's. He smiled as he thought about the fact that he called the baby a boy and she called her a girl. Neither of them cared the sex of the baby, as long as he or she was healthy and safe.

He quietly stepped into their bedroom and looked around. He frowned slightly when she wasn't there but then figured she was in the bathroom. He walked over to the door and she wasn't in there either.

He was turning to walk back out and ask Rosa where she was, when he happened to glance over and saw her ring sitting on the table above a piece of paper. Instantly he was furious. She'd left him. He felt it. She'd told him she loved him and still walked out. He would drag her back no matter where she'd gone and then take his child from her and then he'd be the one leaving.

She wasn't going to make him into a fool and leave him standing there alone and vulnerable.

She'd lied to him. She told him she loved him and then she walked out on him. He was sure she had taken all she could get her greedy little hands on in the process. The whole time she'd just played him.

He slowly walked over to the paper and looked down at it, not wanting to know what she'd written but unable to stop himself.

Lucas,

I'm so sorry you weren't able to love me. I can't help how much I have fallen in love with you, even though that was never the arrangement between us. I can no longer live here with you, while you are leaving me to be in the arms of another woman. I know you love our child and I will not try to keep her from you but I have to get away for the sake of my own health right now. I will contact you after the baby is born and we can arrange something at that time. I will return the car to you just as soon as I can get things worked out. I'm not trying to take it from you; I just had no other way to leave.

Amy

He read the note about ten times, not understanding what was going on. He wasn't cheating on her. Why would she think he was? He went from anger to confusion in the space of a heartbeat.

He calmed down and re-read the note once again. He needed to find out what was going on and not just jump to conclusions.

He slowly walked down the stairs, almost as if he was in a trance. He walked into the kitchen where Rosa was cooking. "Hello Mr. Anderson, you're home early today," she said as if nothing was wrong. This attitude made his temper come to the front again.

"Have you seen my wife?" he asked with a bite to his voice. She turned towards him with her brows puckered. "She left a while ago," she said perplexed, as if he should know this. That was when he shouted at her.

He immediately felt bad and calmed himself down. "I apologize Rosa," he said. "It's just that she's gone and all I have is this note," he said as he thrust the note in front of her.

She scanned the note and then her breath hitched as she re-read it. She looked up at Lucas with some suspicion on her face. He knew Amy had become friends with Rosa and the two of them spent a lot of time together.

"I didn't cheat on my wife," he began defending himself. He didn't need to explain anything to her, but he didn't like the censure he saw in her eyes. She immediately looked down, as if she knew she'd been glaring at her boss.

"It's not my business," she stated to him.

"Can you tell me where Amy has been today?" he asked Rosa.

"Didn't you see her Mr. Anderson? I packed her up a lunch and she was bringing it into your office. She said she wanted to surprise you with a romantic lunch because you've had to work so late every night. She was very excited when she left," she said.

"She came home much quicker than I had thought she would, but I assumed she'd just forgotten something, because she was only here for about fifteen minutes and then rushed back out the door without saying another word," she finished.

Lucas suddenly sank down into the chair next to him. He felt like his legs wouldn't hold him up any longer. "No," he cried out with such devastation in his voice that Rosa put her hand on his shoulder.

He knew she must've come by the office when Laura was in there. If she'd been there at the right moment, it may have looked like he was having an affair. He slowly got to his feet. "I have to make some phone calls," he said as he walked out of the room.

One hour later, he again cupped his head in his hands. He'd spoken with his security guards and found out that yes, she'd been there at noon and had left within five minutes. She'd been there only minutes before they'd escorted his unwanted visitor out.

So, she thought he was having an affair. It seemed to him that her not trusting him was a little convenient. Why had she not marched in and asked what he was doing? He assumed she was thinking she'd found him in the arms of another woman so she could get past the prenuptial agreement and take him for all he had. She thought wrong.

He called up the banks to find out how much she'd taken. After another half hour he hung up the phone and once again felt shame. She'd taken nothing. He'd put a trace on all the credit cards to find out where they'd been used and found she'd not used any of them.

Not only had she not used any of them today, but she hadn't used them once since his mother and she had furnished the house. There were zero purchases. Why had he not paid attention to any of that? He hadn't noticed that she hadn't been out shopping, or gone anywhere.

He wandered into their bedroom once again, feeling an aching need for her to be there. He had liked going baby shopping with her. She was so excited about each new purchase. He thought back over those trips and how they would pass through the malls and she never even looked at the jewelry stores, or many fashion boutiques.

He looked into the small jewelry box his mother had given to Amy and noticed the few pieces he'd picked up for her were still in there. She'd taken nothing but some clothing and the car, which she said she would return.

The Car!

He was suddenly jumping to his feet and running back into the office. He'd been feeling hopeless on how to possibly find her, since she wasn't using the credit cards, when he realized there was tracking on the vehicle. He always added it on in case of theft or an accident.

Within moments he had the vehicle located. He glanced at his watch. It was eight at night. He called his pilot and told him to get the jet ready. They would be heading to Eugene within the hour.

Lucas jumped in his car and dialed his father as he drove towards the PDX Airport. His father listened as Lucas explained everything that had happened. "Get her back son, she's the best thing that's ever happened to you," his father said when Lucas got everything out.

"I've been so stubborn and stupid, Dad. I love her and was afraid if I gave her my heart she would have everything. I finally realize that it doesn't even matter anymore because without her in my life it doesn't matter if I have a beating heart or not," he finished on a strangled note.

His dad gave him a moment to compose himself and then let him know he and his mother would be there for him if he needed anything at all.

Lucas felt a bit better after talking with his father. He knew how much his parents loved Amy.

He couldn't have a single conversation with his parents without hearing them praising Amy about one thing or another. Amy could often be found up at his parents' house during the day working on one thing or another for the baby.

His mother had also helped Amy finish the baby room. They'd made beautiful stencil designs on the walls and sewn curtains. He'd asked one day why she didn't just go buy some and she'd looked at him like he was a child. "It means so much more when they come from the heart.

When our child grows up she'll know that her grandma and mom loved her so much they wanted to make her first room the best place ever," she'd simply stated.

Lucas reached the airport and was in the air within thirty minutes of his arrival. "The flight will only take about forty minutes Mr. Anderson," came the pilot's voice over the intercom. His attendant brought him a much needed drink once they were in the air.

He arranged transportation to his wife's destination to be waiting for him the minute he landed.

He stepped off the jet and into an awaiting town car. He gave the driver the address and was horrified when he reached his destination.

He knew she was there by seeing her car sitting out front, looking out of place

"Would you like for me to wait here?" the driver asked.

Lucas handed him several bills, "no thanks. I have other transportation but thank you," he said as he walked towards the front doors.

The clerk behind the filthy counter looked Lucas up and down in awe. "You looking for a room?" he asked looking past him. Lucas figured the man was looking for the cheap hooker he was planning on bringing there. Lucas wasn't full of himself but he also knew the guy didn't get clients like him there, ever.

"My wife checked in here earlier today. I need to know which room she's in. She will be checking out," Lucas said with authority.

"I can't give out information about my customers," the man's voice shook as he didn't quite meet Lucas's eyes.

Lucas was ready to grab the wiesel of a man by the shirt and throw him against a wall but he if he remained calm he could get his way a lot more easily.

Lucas placed a hundred dollar bill down on the counter and he saw the little man practically drool. "Amy Anderson's room please," was all he said as he kept his fingers on the bill.

"She's in room twelve," the man said without any further argument. He handed Lucas the key and snatched the bill off the counter before the rich man could change his mind. Without another word, Lucas walked out and up to door twelve.

He stood there listening and didn't hear any sound, so he inserted the key and the knob turned easily. He started to push it open when a chain halted him. He peaked through the crack and saw her lying there on the bed, shivering in her sleep and curled up into herself with her hand protectively over her stomach.

Lucas pulled the door back towards him a few inches then gave it a quick jerk inward and the chain snapped without much effort. He was aghast at the lack of security in the building. Amy didn't even wake as he stepped into the room.

The smell of the place was enough to turn his stomach. He needed to get her out of there fast before there was any lasting damage to her and his child.

He sat on the side of the bed and gently shook her. Amy jerked awake immediately at his touch and sat up, her eyes round with terror.

"Oh, thank Goodness it's only you Lucas," she said to him as her breathing came under control.

He wondered who she thought it may be and then thought back to the clerk and could see why she would've been scared.

Her happiness of having it be him and not the desk clerk was quickly forgotten as she realized that Lucas was sitting in her room.

"How did you get in here? How did you know where I was?" she questioned him.

"There is tracking on your car Amy and before you start shouting about me spying on you, there's tracking on all of our vehicles. It's a safety precaution in case any of them are stolen," he held up his hand as he tried to delay the fight.

"I know you have a lot to say to me about what you think's happened, but I'm really uncomfortable with having you and my child in this unhealthy environment. I've already reserved a suite at the Valley River Inn, which is only a few miles from here. Let's head over there, get some food and have our talk," he said with his usual calm, commanding voice.

He didn't wait for Amy to say anything. He just gathered up her things, which was pretty easy considering nothing was unpacked. He walked her bag out the still open door and placed it in the rig.

When Amy still hadn't said anything or budged, he walked into the room, scooped her up in his arms, as if she weighed nothing at all and then gently deposited her in the front passenger seat of the car. He placed a couple more hundred dollar bills down on the nightstand with a note that said 'for the lock,' and then quickly pulled out of the slum motel's parking lot.

Lucas programmed the hotel address into his GPS and was at the Valley River Inn within ten minutes. There was hardly any traffic that night. Amy said nothing to him on the drive over. She sat in the passenger seat with her head turned away from him and her arms crossed.

Amy had so many emotions running through her at once and didn't know what to focus on. The emotion on the forefront was love. She loved the man so very much. Her life without him seemed so endless and empty.

She loved him far too much too be able to sit back while he had affairs with many different women. She knew the redhead wouldn't be the last. He was vibrant, handsome and every woman's dream. Look how quickly she'd fallen for him.

They reached the hotel and she obediently followed him in. She was far too exhausted to fight him anymore that night. She would just have to rationally explain to him she wasn't the type of woman who would sit back while her husband slept around.

They entered the beautiful suite and her nerves were stretched to the breaking point. He hadn't spoken to her since he'd whisked her out of that disgusting room. She wasn't sorry to see that place go.

Maybe after they talked he would let her stay in her old apartment until the baby was born. He knew she was on strict orders to not be working right then as it could cause harm to the baby.

She would never do anything to hurt her child. Her hand caressed her stomach as she sat down on the couch and waited to see what he had to say.

Lucas stepped over to the phone and placed an order for some food and then sat down next to her on the couch.

"Amy, I've never been as terrified as when I realized you had left me. How could you not realize what you mean to me?" he began speaking. She opened her mouth to respond, but he gently shook his head and then pulled her into his lap.

She knew she should struggle but even though he was the reason she was in so much pain, she wanted the comfort that he was offering her. He began rubbing her back in slow circles and she had to fight off the tears that wanted to fall again. She didn't see how there was a single tear left in her body.

"Look at me, please," he pleaded with her. She finally turned to look into his eyes. They seemed so filled with love and sincerity. "I love you," he simply stated.

She finally lost the battle to hold her tears in and they fell freely down her cheeks and her body shook gently as she was finally hearing the words she had wanted for so long.

"I love you and only you," he said again as he gently wiped away her tears. "What you saw today was not me clinging to another woman. She is an ex-girlfriend who was trying to get me back. If you would've stayed a moment longer, you would have seen that I pushed her away from me as soon as she made her move and had security remove her from the premises. Talk about being in the wrong place at the wrong time," he finished with a sheepish grin on his face.

She stared at him, starting to feel a ray of hope. He was saying he loved her and maybe she really had jumped to conclusions. "Why would you think I would cheat on you? Making love to you is the best sex I have ever had in my life. It's so much more. I can never get enough of you. Why in the world would I need to go to another woman when I have you to myself every night?" he asked with confusion.

"It makes more sense to me that you would want a woman like her. I'm not sophisticated, or gorgeous. You got trapped into being with me because of the baby. It just makes more sense than you actually being able to love me," she broke off on a sob and could say no more.

Lucas lifted her chin up and placed his lips on hers, cherishing the feel of their soft touch. She immediately responded to him as she always did at his lightest touch. He pulled back before things could get out of hand, which was so easy with her, as he couldn't get enough of his wife.

"Amy, I admit we didn't start out the best way, but none of that matters anymore. All that matters now is how we feel about each other and how we feel about our child," he said while running his hand over her stomach.

"I love you so much. I'm sorry I've been such a fool. I was afraid to give you my heart because you already own me in every other way. I would walk through fire for you. I would hunt you down to the edges of the universe. I can't and won't live without you. You and our child are my reason for survival. Without you both, there is no joy or passion in my life. There is no meaning," he said.

She believed him. He loved her.

He loved her!

She'd never in her life felt such tremendous joy as at that moment, sitting on her husband's lap with his arms wrapped tightly around her. She could see the love on his face and feel it in his body. She knew everything would be all right. She knew they were going to be the couple that beat all the odds.

"I love you so much Lucas. I think I have loved you from the very first time we met. I tried to fight it so hard, but there is no fighting a man like you. You are who I want to be with the rest of my life," she purred.

Amy Threw her arms around her husband's neck and kissed him with a passion that would keep them up for a very long time that night.

Epilogue

"Push, baby, push. You're doing so great. I see her head," Lucas mumbled in a terrified whisper.

"Arrrgggggg..." Amy grunted as she used her last remaining strength and gave a final push. She collapsed back against the bed and then heard the sweetest sound imaginable.

The first cry of her beautiful baby girl.

Suddenly the doctor was placing their child on top of her chest and she was looking into the scrunched up face of her daughter throwing her very first temper tantrum.

"She definitely has her daddy's temperament," Lucas laughed as he rubbed their daughter from head to toe making sure for himself that she was okay in every way. "I think she's hungry and letting us all know," he chuckled.

Even exhausted Amy looked from her husband to her baby girl and felt pride and happiness as her family was growing. She could see the love and pride shining in Lucas's eyes and it was the most beautiful thing in the world.

"Jasmine would like to have her father hold her now," Amy said to Lucas. He gently picked her up and held her closely to his chest. The tiny movement of her breathing was the most amazing feeling in the world. The night before, he'd been feeling her kick from the inside of Amy's stomach. Now he was holding her in his arms.

The doctors quickly cleaned her up and then the three of them transferred rooms. They were there no more than a few minutes when there was a knock at the door.

"Can we come in?" said the subdued voice of her normally booming father-in-law.

"Come in, come in, Dad, meet your very first granddaughter, Jasmine Katherine Anderson," Lucas said proudly.

Joseph gently took his granddaughter from his son and a tear streamed down his cheek. Things hadn't turned out badly at all, he thought to himself. He was in a hospital, holding his brand new baby granddaughter and his son was happily married.

His son should be thanking his old father, but Joseph knew better than to ask for any praise for all he'd done to get those kids together. His beautiful granddaughter was all the thanks he needed.

"You two have done really well here," Joseph said as he smiled from Amy to Lucas. "She's the most beautiful baby I've ever seen in my life," he continued on.

He reluctantly handed the baby girl to his Katherine and watched a glow come to her face as she sat in the rocker and held the precious gift to her chest and hummed her a lullaby. "We almost got a Christmas baby," Joseph laughed. It was December twenty third. They all agreed that Jasmine was the perfect gift for the whole family.

"Guess we'll have to work on giving Jasmine a little brother born on Christmas next year," Lucas said as he looked at his wife hungrily. She was still the most beautiful thing in the world, even after the hard labor she'd endured.

"Now son, I sure want a ton of grand babies running around that empty old mansion, but you may not want to scare your wife off. It never is a good thing to talk about child number two, when she is still feeling the pain from the first one," he winked at Amy.

"The pain's already forgotten Dad. I love this baby girl more than anything in the world and want to make many siblings for her because I love your son so much and that love needs to be shared with the wonderful children I know we will make." Joseph's heart enlarged just a bit more at how much he loved his new daughter. He'd asked her to call him dad because he knew she didn't have one. He truly loved her like she was one of his own kids. Since she was married to his son, she was his family now. He still loved to hear her say it though. He bent down and kissed her cheek.

There was another knock on the door and then Amy's smile broke out into a huge smile as Tom stepped through the doorway carrying a huge teddy bear, balloons and a large bag of chocolates.

"Tom, I'm so glad you finally got here," Amy said to her best friend.

"There was an accident on the freeway or I would've been here an hour ago," Tom said as he bent down and kissed her on the cheek.

"Come and meet your God Daughter," Amy said. Tom's eyes instantly filled with tears as he took the precious bundle into his arms.

"She's perfect Amy, just like her mom," he told her while trying to get his emotions under control. They all visited for about an hour and Amy's heart was nearly bursting with how much love she had for the people in the room with her.

"You did so good Amy. I'm so very proud of you. We'll leave you kids alone now," Joseph said as he helped his wife to her feet.

Katherine walked over to the bed and passed her granddaughter to her mother, where she immediately started to root around for some food. That gave all the people in the room a laugh.

"I love you too mom. I'm so glad you both were here," Amy choked up. Katherine brushed a kiss across her cheeks and then hand in hand walked out of the room with her husband.

The two of them turned the corner and Joseph's eyes twinkled. "Well Katherine, one son down, two to go. I like being a grandpa and I'm getting greedy now. I want new babies every year for the next ten years or so," he stated as if he would indeed get his wish.

"Now Joseph, I admit this turned out really well, but you will not be doing any more meddling in your sons' lives. They can find their own mates and find their own way," she said sternly to her husband, even though she knew it was a futile battle.

Joseph just wrapped his arm around his wife and whistled a tune as they headed for their car. He already had the perfect bride picked out for his middle child, Alex...

