When Travis Jesson's ninety-eight-year-old grandmother died, he was in Europe brokering a deal. He sent flowers to the funeral since he couldn't be there and ignored the pangs of loss caused by her passing. She was an old woman who had lived a full life. It was to be expected.

What hadn't been expected was the e-mail he received from his grandmother's solicitors when he returned to Houston a few weeks later. He almost missed it between meeting invites and contract negotiations. He glanced at the e-mail on his BlackBerry during a board meeting, and it froze him in place while in the middle of watching a very important PowerPoint presentation given by a senior vice president.

It seemed that Grandma Pearl Jesson had left her old Victorian house to him-and her pet, Gregory. The will stated that he had loved going to her home when he was a boy, and she wanted him to have someplace to retreat to when his life got too hectic. It also stated that Gregory would keep him company because she knew he was lonely.

And for some reason, that made him pause.

Travis hadn't seen his grandmother in more than two years. Though Bluebonnet was only an hour or so outside of Houston, he hadn't been able to get away from the office to take a few days off and visit. There was always another deal coming in, or another board meeting to be handled, or an investor to visit in London. There was no such thing as "vacation time" to a CEO, especially not one in his thirties.

And yet ... Travis thought of his grandmother's warm smile. Drinking a glass of lemonade on her porch as a boy while she'd stroked his hair and comforted him when his parents had left him there for the summer. He'd loved that old house-the clutter in the attic, the rooms that seemed full of odd and wonderful discoveries. The backyard full of massive pecan trees. He'd loved visiting there as a child.

He just hadn't had time as an adult.

Gregory would keep him company because she knew he was lonely.

She wanted him to have her pet dog? He wasn't lonely. He was driven. Ambitious. There would be time for a relationship when he decided to take some time off from work-but that wasn't anytime soon.

Travis had his assistant, Amy, shoot off a quick e-mail to the solicitors, asking them to send all information to her so she could make arrangements to have the house disposed of, and to call the nearest pet adoption agency and send Gregory there. He didn't have time for a dog. Not with his travel schedule.

His assistant unhappily delivered the bad news to him: Not only could the solicitors not release the keys to the house, because his grandmother's live-in companion was still in the process of moving out, but also the local shelter refused to accept Gregory. The solicitors suggested that if he could please come and take care of the situation as quickly as possible, it would be ideal.

As Amy relayed this news with a wince, Travis glared at his BlackBerry. He glared again when his Friday afternoon meeting had a cancellation. He had no excuse, it seemed. His grandmother had been buried in Bluebonnet and he needed to visit and pay his respects anyhow. Might as well kill three birds with one stone. "Tell my driver to pull the car up front."

"Right away, Mr. Jesson," Amy said, retreating out the door.

After visiting the graveyard, Travis decided to go the house. He'd had Amy call the solicitors' office to let them know he was on his way, and they'd quickly explained that the keys to the place were with his grandmother's live-in companion. Travis vaguely remembered hiring the woman a few years ago to help out his grandmother. He paid her salary, but when he tried to put a face to the position, he blanked out. Had it been that long? He didn't remember the last time he'd visited Grandma Pearl. Two years ago at Christmas? With Caroline at his side? That hadn't ended well, and his bitter relationship with Caroline had soured him on others for quite some time. He hadn't dated anyone since.

The car pulled in front of the house and his driver glanced in the rearview mirror. "Should I park, Mr. Jesson?"

"I don't anticipate staying long," Travis said curtly, pocketing his cell phone and opening his car door. He stepped out of the car and shut the door, then paused in the gravel driveway.

Travis regarded at the old house. The trees in the front yard were thicker with greenery than he remembered, but other than that, it was like stepping back in time. A porch swing hung to the right side of the front door, and the large columns supporting the front balcony seemed as white and curving as ever. Potted plants hung above the railing, and the door had a white wreath on the front with a black ribbon across the door. Upstairs, he could see lacy curtains fluttering in the open windows of the second floor. Under the carport there was a small blue hatchback-not his grandmother's. She didn't own a car, if he remembered correctly. It must belong to her live-in companion.

Well, this wouldn't take long, then. He strode to the house and up the white wooden steps of the porch, noticing that his grandmother's favorite rag doormat still lay in front of the door. He put his hand on the doorknob, and then frowned when he realized the door was locked.

Grandma Pearl had never locked the door in all the years that he'd known her. And the damn house was his now. He had to wait to be asked in? Irritated, he shoved a finger at the doorbell. It chimed. No response. Now annoyed, he held his finger down on the button, imagining the constant, grating chime inside.

Footsteps raced down the hall. "I'm coming!"

A moment later, the door opened. A tall woman stood there in a bikini, a towel wrapped around her waist.

Travis forgot everything he'd thought about this not taking long. The woman opening the door was gorgeous. Was this Grandma Pearl's companion? He didn't remember her. He'd have remembered if she'd had such a curvy, delicious creature assisting her. The woman standing before him was stunning-full br**sts heaved and glistened with trickles of water, and the belly above the towel was soft and slightly rounded. Her dark hair was pulled up into a thick bun atop her head, wild tendrils escaping and framing a lightly freckled face. Bright blue eyes stared back at him with surprise.

Her mouth fell into a lush O of surprise. "Mr. Jesson! Please come in." Her cheeks were bright red, and he didn't know if it was due to his presence or the fact that he'd just gotten her out of the pool. "I'm so sorry I didn't hear the door. I was in the backyard giving Gregory a bath. He likes to swim."

Travis didn't really give a shit about the dog. He was far more interested in her, and vaguely disappointed when she hiked the towel up over her br**sts, hiding them from sight. He studied her for a moment, then put his hand out. "Travis. You must be ..."

"I know you," she said breathlessly, and then her face blushed brighter. "I mean, you've been here before."

"I don't remember you," he said bluntly.

"Oh, of course not." She seemed embarrassed. "I always try to stay out of the way when family visits. I'm Risa. Risa Moore. You hired me to be your grandmother's assistant a few years ago. You were there when she interviewed me, remember?"

He stared at her blankly.

"The schoolteacher?" She prompted, then pulled her hair out of the bun and shoved it in front of her face, then made circles with her fingers and held them up to her eyes. "With the glasses?"

A glimmer of a memory hit him. He did remember helping his grandmother hire an assistant. But he thought she'd been middle-aged and sour. This creature ... wasn't. She was warm and laughing and he wanted to tug that towel off of her and get another look at her lush body in that black bikini. But all he said was, "Miss Moore. I remember."

"Of course you do," she said softly and smiled at him. "I got LASIK a year ago. No one remembers me without the glasses. I'm getting used to it, though."

It was incredible to think he'd forgotten her. Ridiculous. "I'm Travis."

"I know," she said, that soft smile remaining on her lips, though her sparkle seemed to dim a little. Her lower lip wobbled a little. "You're here to pick up the keys and Gregory."

Ah, hell. Was she sad about the damn dog or losing her home? Or both? "I'm not here to kick you out," he began.

She waved a hand in the air. "It's time for me to move on anyhow. Your grandmother had been pushing me for the last year to go and get another teaching job, but I didn't want to leave her side. She was a wonderful lady."

"She was a great lady," he said in a husky voice, his gaze staying on Risa as she moved across the room. Her h*ps swayed under the towel, her movements incredibly feminine.

She moved to the foyer table, picked a pair of keys out of the bowl, and handed them over to him. "I'm almost done packing. I should be able to be out of here in the morning."

"There's really no hurry," he found himself saying, wishing she would smile. He wanted to see what she looked like when she gave him something other than the polite smile. What she'd look like if her eyes lit up with pleasure. "Stay as long as you like."

Her expression grew wry. "I'm afraid I'd just be in your way. The lawyer told me you were only coming by to get the keys and Gregory, so I won't be a bother."

Travis mentally cursed. She seemed determined to get out of there as soon as possible. For some reason, that bothered him. It was more than the feeling that he was kicking her out of her home-and he was-it was that there was something soft and vulnerable underneath her friendly, polite smile. Like she was going through the motions and hiding how she really felt.

And for some reason, he understood that all too well.

So he found himself saying, "I'm staying overnight, actually. Thought I'd go through Grandmother Pearl's things and see if there is anything I want."

"That's wonderful. It'll give you time to acquaint yourself with Gregory, too," she pointed out.

Like he gave a shit about a dog. But she seemed excited about it, so he added, "That, too."

Now, he just had to tell his driver that he wasn't driving back to Houston tonight.

"You'll love Gregory," she said softly. "He's so affectionate and smart. I think you'll be impressed. He's impossible not to love."

Ah, hell. For the first time, her bright blue eyes softened with enthusiasm and her face lit up. She adored the damn dog.

And she still thought he was going to adopt it. "About that ..." he began.

"Your grandmother wanted you to have him when she passed," Risa blurted out, her look becoming worried again. "She said she trusted you to look after him."

"You should take him."

She shook her head sadly. "I can't. I wish I could, but I don't have any place to keep him. I'm staying with a friend in Dallas until I find work."

"Look, Risa." He scrubbed a hand along his jaw, wondering why it was so damn hard to disappoint the woman. "I travel a lot. Internationally. I'm afraid there's just no room in my life for a dog."

She stared at him as if his words didn't register. Then, ever so slightly, her head tilted a little.

"It's not that I don't like dogs," he said, giving her his most winning smile. "It's that I'm constantly at work or traveling. He'd be lonely stuck at home by himself all the time. It's not fair to him."

Her lips twitched. Like she thought he was ... funny?

For some reason, that made Travis bristle. "Is there a problem with what I'm saying?"

She didn't back down from his cold tone. Those blue eyes sparkled again, and she gestured to the back door. "I think you should meet Gregory."

"I don't want the dog, Risa," he began, but fell silent when she took his hand in hers and began to drag him across the living room to the French doors at the far end of the room. That small, warm contact of her hand touching his seemed incredibly intimate and casual.

How long had it been since someone had held his hand?

She opened the door with her other hand and stepped onto the back porch of the house, then whistled. "Gregory! Gregory Peccary!"

There was a loud, sharp squeal, and he heard the sound of hooves clicking across the boards of the back porch. To his shock, a pig came darting around the side of the house, racing toward her.

A f**king pink and black pig.

She dropped to her knees and held her arms out for the pig, and it dove into her embrace, snuffling and rubbing against her. And her brilliant smile was back, wide and reaching her eyes. She looked up at him, laughter in her face.

"Gregory's not a dog. He's a micro pig." Her lips twitched again. "And he's yours."

Travis stared down at the squirming pig in her arms. It was the size of a small dog. Bulldog, even. That was where the resemblance ended, though. This thing had hooves and a snout. The pig's little tail wagged at a rapid pace, and he grunted as he burrowed in Risa's arms. She scratched his back, rubbing him.

Travis just stared. This was why the local shelter wouldn't take the damn thing.

Well, goddamn. What the hell was a CEO supposed to do with a pig?

To say that Travis Jesson wasn't pleased would have been an understatement. Risa knew the moment he laid eyes on the pig that he'd never known that his grandmother's beloved pet was porcine rather than canine. But that couldn't be helped-Risa loved the pig but she couldn't keep him. And Pearl had wanted Travis to have Gregory.

"That boy works too much," Pearl had said time and time again. "He needs something other than work to occupy him."

Of course, Pearl always assumed that everyone would just do what she'd wanted. She probably hadn't anticipated the enormous scowl on Travis's handsome, unsmiling face.

It was a face that Risa had dreamed about ever since she'd met Pearl Jesson four years ago. Travis Jesson had interviewed her before Pearl had, and she'd been too intimidated by his brusque manner to really pay much attention to him. Pearl, however, had been one of the nicest, friendliest people she'd ever met. She needed an assistant, she'd explained, because her grandson worried about her, especially after she'd broken her hip. They'd instantly clicked over a comment about daytime television, and Risa had the job.

She hadn't been Pearl's assistant for more than a week before Travis had swung by again to see how his grandmother was settling in with her new assistant.

Risa had been dazzled by the handsome man this time. Now that she wasn't being interviewed by him, she could relax and study him from across the room. And Travis Jesson was gorgeous. He was cool, and self-assured, with a strong jaw that never seemed to smile and a serious, almost stern mien. She'd half fallen in love with him that day, watching him as he fussed over his grandmother, making sure that she had the best of everything available to her. Insisting that she rest and get well.

He was kind and thoughtful and devoted to Pearl.

Of course, he hadn't even known that Risa existed. She wasn't surprised. Back then she had been a size eighteen, tall and a little too curvy. She was freckled and wore glasses, and kept her long black hair loose around her face. And since she'd been tending to his grandmother, she'd worn her usual wardrobe of jeans and a T-shirt. Travis Jesson, a divinely handsome man, hadn't even glanced at her except to inquire about his grandmother's health.

To him, she was a vague, uninteresting piece of equipment at his grandmother's house. Back then he'd no more strike up a personal conversation with her than he would the toaster. She'd realized that after blushing and stammering over her words the first time she met him, only to be crushed when he'd paid her not the slightest bit of attention.

And on his next visit, he'd brought a girlfriend.

After that, she learned, his business had blown up. His Web innovation company had developed a new piece of coding essential in online networking, and it had been bought for a ridiculous amount of money. Travis Jesson was no longer just a CEO-he was a billionaire.

He'd turned right around and started developing new technologies. Something about tablets or SmartPads or something. She didn't know much about it-just that he'd started another company and his visits to Pearl had become less frequent.

Pearl had noticed his absence, though she'd never chided him for not having the time to visit. He was successful and driven, and she understood it even if she worried about him. It wasn't his fault, she'd explain, that she was an old lonely woman. He was a busy man and had better things to do than to look in on his grandmother.

Still, Pearl had been depressed, Risa had realized. She didn't have anything to look forward to. Travis's parents were terrible at checking in. They called every few months and regaled Pearl about all the exciting things they were doing as they sailed around Europe in the sailboat Travis had bought them. Risa had seen Pearl sinking into a depression and had been unsure what to do.

Inspiration had struck at last year's Bluebonnet Fall Festival. They'd seen the pet micro pigs for sale there, and Pearl had taken one look and fallen in love. Risa had, too. The pigs were clean, smart, and adorably funny; and the cutest piglet came home with them that day.

And if he wasn't quite as good as visits from her beloved grandson, well, Pearl never complained.

Risa missed Pearl. The woman had been employer, friend, and grandmotherly figure all in one. She'd taken the job with Pearl out of necessity, but it had turned into a labor of love as they'd developed a close friendship.

But that chapter of her life was closed, Risa supposed. Time to pack up and move ahead with her life, which meant returning to the city and looking for a job in her field of expertise-teaching.

And that meant no Gregory, since her Dallas friend had cringed at the idea of a pig in her downtown apartment.

Watching Travis Jesson stare down at the pig with his lip curled in disgust, though, it was hard to imagine that they'd get along like Pearl had anticipated.

"He's a very good pig," Risa said lamely, hitching her towel closer to her body. How embarrassing that he'd seen her in her swimsuit and without a stitch of makeup. God. She was worse than invisible right now. He probably thought she was hideous. "We're very careful with his diet so he doesn't get fat, and he doesn't bite. He's litter trained, too."

"What the f**k am I supposed to do with a pig?" His voice was cold and clipped as he pulled a phone out of his pocket.

She studied his suit uncomfortably. Armani, probably. Or Versace. Or something equally pricey. He didn't look like a man that was here to go through his grandmother's things. He looked like a man late for a meeting. An uncomfortable sensation curled in her stomach as he punched in a number on his phone with his thumb and then raised it to his ear. "Amy? Have I had any calls? Uh-huh? Good. Okay. Tell them I'll call back shortly. I need you to do something. I want you to call every animal shelter in Houston and find one that takes pigs."

Risa sucked in a breath. He wasn't going to do that to such a sweet pig, was he? Even now, Gregory rubbed and leaned against her bare arm, wanting to be scratched. He was such a good, well behaved pet, and so smart. Which Travis would know, if only he'd give him a chance.

Pearl would have been heartbroken at the thought of her beloved pig being turned over to a shelter by her adored grandson.

She had to do something.

"That's right, I said pig," he snapped into the phone, ignoring Risa as she stood. "P-I-G. Ask how much in donations they'll need to take one off of my-"

Risa snatched the phone from his hand and began to walk away with it.

"Hey," he called after her, furious. "What the f**k are you doing?"

She walked a bit faster, her steps almost a run as she bolted for the pool. Gregory danced in happy circles at her feet, snorting and squealing with excitement. He thought they were playing a game.

To her surprise, Travis Jesson caught her by the waist and her towel fell to the ground. Gregory immediately grabbed it and dashed off with it, grunting happily. A big hand wrestled the phone out of her hand, though she did her best to hold on to it. She was standing really close to the pool, too, and when he wrenched it out of her hand, she had to hold on to him to keep her balance.

For some reason, though, he wasn't letting her go. Instead, he stared down at her, at her heaving br**sts in the black bikini, and she felt exposed and vulnerable hugged up against his gray suit.

"Why did you do that?" he snarled at her.

"Your grandmother would be devastated if you sent her pig to a shelter. She loved that pig. She got it because she was lonely. You would know that if you'd come to see her in the last year or two."

He seemed to flinch at her accusatory words. Dark eyes stared down at her, a mixture of fury and something else burning in them.

She was getting through to him, though. "Pearl wanted you to have that pig. She wanted it so much that she had them add it to her will specifically. Not me. You. Would you disappoint her like this? Can't you give him a chance?"

Travis leaned in and Risa's heart fluttered. Her hands were still curled on his shoulders, her heaving br**sts pressed against his chest. It was almost as if ... he was going to kiss her. Forgettable Risa Moore? Kissed by the most eligible billionaire in Texas?

"Mr. Jesson?" A tinny, thin voice emerged from the phone at the same time Gregory gave a playful squeal from the side of the yard.

The spell broken, Travis released her and put the phone back to his ear, his gaze moving off of Risa and staring blankly into the distance. "Just call my driver and tell him that I'm staying overnight. He can come and get me in the morning."

Risa stepped away to catch the towel that Gregory was dragging all over the yard with playful excitement. Her mind was in turmoil.

Travis hadn't canceled his plans to drop the pig off at the shelter. But he was staying here. She gathered up the towel and knelt to scratch Gregory behind the ears, glancing back at Travis.

She found his gaze on her, even as he spoke into his phone and discussed business with his assistant.

Risa shivered. Was it anticipation or dread curling in her stomach right now?

* * *

After years of working for an elderly woman with health issues, Risa was a very light sleeper, attuned to waking up at the slightest hint of noise. So when she heard the low murmur of a man's voice, she sat up in bed and glanced over at the clock.

Two in the morning.

What exactly was going on? Was Travis still working? She scrubbed at her eyes and tossed the covers aside, getting out of bed. She shouldn't be so nosy, she knew she shouldn't, but there was just something about Travis Jesson that made her toss aside all common sense. Pulling on a pair of pajama bottoms over her panties, she straightened the T-shirt she slept in and moved for her door, ignoring the bobbing of her full br**sts. She should get a bra if she was going to talk to Travis.

Then again, she just wanted to spy on him, and going braless meant that she'd avoid a midnight confrontation, which was smart if she didn't want to creep the guy out. Since it was just spying, braless it was.

She carefully opened the door to her room, holding the handle and opening the door slowly so it wouldn't creak. She began to head down the hall to the guest room where she'd left Travis, only to find the murmur of Travis's voice coming from the opposite end of the house. Intrigued, she padded down the hall to the stairs, and peered down from the top of the banister.

The kitchen light was on.

Risa crept down the stairs, heading for the kitchen, her curiosity good and piqued now. She could still hear the low murmur of his voice. A late-night business meeting? A phone call? She approached the kitchen doorway and peered in.

Travis Jesson sat on the floor, his back against one of the kitchen cabinets. A half-empty bottle of whiskey sat on the floor next to his hand. A large photo album was cradled in his lap.

Strangest of all, Gregory was lying beside Travis, his head on Travis's knee, watching him.

As she stood in the shadows, Travis took another swig of whiskey and turned the page in the photo album. "This is me when I was a boy," he said, pointing at a picture on the page and staring at the pig snout resting on his knee. "I had a dog. Not a pig. What the f**k am I supposed to do with a pig?"

The pig said nothing, of course, only inched closer to his hand, looking to be petted.

There was a slight slur to Travis's words, and judging from the amount left in the bottle-a bottle that Pearl had saved for special occasions-she knew he'd been here for some time. And he'd drank quite a bit.

"Risa says I'm supposed to keep you." He leaned his head back against the cabinets, staring at the ceiling. "Grandma wanted me to have you. I'm not sure she realized how busy I am. I'm due in Tokyo for two weeks at the end of this month. Pretty sure Japanese hotels don't like pigs." He thumped the back of his head against the cabinet. "So either way I look at this, I disappoint someone again. If I keep you, I disappoint my business partners because I can't go to Tokyo with a pig. If I get rid of you, I disappoint my dead grandmother. And Risa."

He shook his head and took another swig from the bottle.

Well, now, this was interesting. Real interesting. Who knew that a little whiskey and a conversation with a pig would show that Travis Jesson had a heart after all? A smile curved her mouth.

"I should have been here, pig," he said softly. "Should have been here to say good-bye."

Sadness made Risa's smile fade. There was a wealth of guilt in his voice. He blamed himself for not coming to see Pearl toward the end. Not coming to her funeral. The sad thing was-no one blamed him but himself. Pearl had thought the sun rose and set on Travis. She'd never blamed him for being busy.

Risa leaned against the door frame, admiring the odd picture of billionaire and pig. Travis's hair was rumpled as if he'd been sleeping. His chest was bare, and he wore boxers. Nothing more. His chest was broad and sculpted, a light brushing of dark hair on his pectorals. He was tanned, too. Tanned and gorgeous and entirely too delicious for someone as plump and frumpy as her.

She sighed. It didn't mean he wasn't the object of every dirty fantasy she'd had during the last few years. It just meant that that's all they were-fantasies.

At her sigh, Gregory's head went up and he looked to the doorway. His little skinny tail thumped and twirled rapidly.

Damn it.

Travis's eyes narrowed and he set down the bottle just as he was about to take another swig. "Who's there?"

Risa crossed her arms over her chest protectively, wishing she'd decided on the damn bra, and stepped out of the shadows. "Just me. I heard someone talking."

Her face heated as his gaze skimmed over her figure-the baggy sleep pants, the thin T-shirt. She probably looked like an utter wreck. Then again, she thought to herself, so did he. She forced herself to be casual, to move to his side and sit down on the floor next to him, pulling her legs up against her chest. "Can't sleep?"

His mouth curled into a hard smile. "Oh, I can sleep. This pig, however, thought he should sleep with me and that woke me up."

Risa bit her lip to stop the smile from curving her mouth. "He always slept with Pearl. I imagine that he was lonely and figured you'd do."

Travis snorted and took another swig from the bottle. After a moment's contemplation, he offered it to her.

She took it and tried to imitate his swig. It burned, though, and she began to cough, pressing the back of her hand to her mouth. "God, that stuff is awful."

"Nah," he said slowly. "It's my favorite. Grandma always kept a bottle at the house because she knew I liked a whiskey after dinner." He stared at the bottle, and his mouth twisted into an ugly expression. "There was dust on the bottle. She must have been holding it for a long time."

She said nothing. What could she say? But he seemed so lost and alone that she reached out and clasped his hand, aching for his sorrow. "I miss her, too. She was a great lady. And she was ninety-eight, Travis. She had a long, full life and she didn't mind that you were busy."

"You said she was lonely," he said harshly, gesturing at the pig. The pet immediately pushed his snout against Travis's hand, snuffling and begging to be petted. His hand clenched for a moment, and then he laid it atop the pig's head, scratching the ears.

"She wasn't lonely at the end," Risa told him softly. "She adored that pig. Even when her h*ps hurt and her back ached, she would still take him out for his daily walk. She liked to take care of him. It gave her something to take the loneliness out of the day. I was always here for her, too. She wasn't forgotten."

His gaze rested on the open photo album. "She said she was worried I worked too much. That money wasn't everything."

"I seem to recall her saying that at least twice a week to me, as well," Risa said, her lips quirking in a smile. She moved to pull her hand from his, only his grip tightened over hers. Surprised, she met his eyes and found him staring at her with an intensity that seemed entirely too sober.

"You cared for her at the end, when we weren't here," he said softly. "Thank you."

Her gaze was drawn to his mouth. Hard and firm, with just a hint of stubble surrounding it. Just enough to break the cold perfection of his face. "It was my job, but I loved her, too. I enjoyed living here with her and I miss her every day."

Their clasped hands seemed suddenly intimate. As if he realized what she was thinking, his thumb stroked along the back of her hand in a gesture that made her shiver. She felt her n**ples harden through her thin shirt, and the flush began to creep back over her cheeks.

"I'm surprised I didn't remember you," he murmured.

"I'm not," Risa said, and smiled to take the sting out of her words. "I worked really hard at being unobtrusive when family was here."

He grunted, his free hand stroking along the top of Gregory's head. The pig's straight little tail began to windmill again with excitement and his eyes closed, clearly happy to be getting attention from people. Travis stroked his head for a few minutes and sighed heavily. "I'm usually traveling three out of four weeks in the month, Risa. I can't take the pig."

She swallowed hard because she knew what he was saying made sense, but she didn't want to hear it. She didn't want to think of poor Gregory being abandoned by everyone. Travis's thumb was still brushing over her hand, making it difficult for her to concentrate. "It must be hard, all that travel. Hard to keep a relationship."

The moment the words left her mouth, she wanted the floor to swallow her up. Oh God. Why had she said that? The whiskey she'd chugged was burning in her belly. It was enough to make her skin warm but not enough to make her drunk. It had to be his presence.

Travis's dark gaze was speculative as he looked at her. "No relationship at the moment."

She nodded-what else could she say? There was an enormous knot in her throat at the moment.

His hand left hers and he turned toward her.

Risa watched, wide-eyed, as he placed a hand along her jaw and tilted her face toward his.

"I'm going to kiss you," he told her softly. "Been thinking about it all day, and I think I have enough alcohol in me that I won't care if you slap me."

Before she could protest that she wouldn't slap him, his mouth was on hers. Hot and wet and tasting of whiskey, his open mouth swooping over her own. Startled, she remained frozen underneath him for a moment, only to feel him finish the kiss quickly and then move lower, sucking and biting at her lower lip. Coaxing her to respond to him.

She moaned low, and he made a pleased sound in response. His hand went to her hip, turning her fully toward him. When she parted her lips, his tongue stroked into her mouth. He tasted warm and sweet, wholly different than that harsh chug of whiskey. His tongue brushed against her own, coaxing and teasing, and she felt an answering pulse of response between her legs. She was instantly wet, lost in this fantasy kiss.

He kissed just like a dream. Just like every dirty fantasy she'd ever had about him. And it didn't matter that he was vulnerable and sad tonight and probably just a little drunk. This was a fantasy, right? Tomorrow she'd get up and drive to Dallas and start a new life and forget all about a kiss with a handsome man that was too far out of reach for fat, freckled Risa Moore.

But tonight, she might as well give in to the fantasy. And when his tongue stroked into her mouth again, she rubbed her tongue along his in response, sucking lightly at it as he withdrew from her.

Travis stared down at her, his eyes glazed with desire. "You're beautiful."

She gave him a wry look. "That's the whiskey talking."

"I'd need a lot more whiskey than that to make me drunk, Risa. That's me talking." His hand on her hip moved to the bare skin underneath her T-shirt, and he lightly grazed his fingertips over the curve of her belly. "I've been thinking about putting my hands on you all day."

She shivered in response, tilting her head back when he leaned in to nip at her neck, and then her earlobe. Her entire being was focused on that hand traveling up her shirt, though, and she sucked in a breath when he cupped one of her large br**sts, her n**ples hardening against his palm.

"Your br**sts are amazing," he murmured against her neck. "I want to see them. Bury my face in them. Suck on your n**ples for hours."

A soft whimper escaped her throat. That sounded like heaven.

At her whimper, Gregory squealed in response, reminding them that the pig was in the kitchen with them still. Travis froze and then glanced at the pig, then back at Risa.

"Do you want to go upstairs?" He leaned in and kissed her mouth lightly again, waiting for an answer.

She hesitated. If she jumped into bed with him, he'd think she was easy. Then again, what did it matter if he thought she was easy? She'd never see him again after tonight. He had nothing tying him to her, nothing to discuss and nothing to hold him there now that his grandmother was gone.

She could have her fantasy night of sex tonight and be gone in the morning. Each of them would go their separate ways and she'd have this luscious memory of the time that a delicious, powerful man had wanted someone as boring as herself.

"My room," she said softly, and leaned in to kiss him again. "I have condoms."

He stood up and held a hand out for her.

She placed her hand in his and stood. "Give me a second." She moved to the refrigerator and took a large carrot out of the crisper, and then waved it at Gregory. "Want a treat?"

The pig squealed with delight, dancing on little hooves and circling wildly.

Travis chuckled at the sight, and it filled Risa with warmth. Maybe he wasn't made of ice after all. There was hope for poor Gregory yet. She opened the back door and flung the carrot out into the yard, watching the pig make a dash for it. Then she shut the door and turned back to Travis with a shaky smile. "The pig is taken care of."

He was still smiling, and put his hand out for her again, and she placed her hand in his once more. They said nothing as they moved up the creaky steps of the old house and headed for Risa's door. That he knew which room was hers told her that he was rather observant, since she'd barely mentioned it to him in passing. As soon as they had the door open, he stepped in and took a look around, eyeing her untidy sheets and her clean, neat room.

She felt a little embarrassed-that her room wasn't sexy or exciting. It was plain and neat and wholesome and not the slightest bit wild, just like her.

Then he turned back to her and tugged her body against him again. "Kiss me, Risa."

So much for wholesome. This entire idea wasn't wholesome in the slightest. She was planning on having a one-night stand with a man who wouldn't think twice about her in the morning. Was she really going to do this? Use him as much as he was using her?

She waited a moment, studied his face. His dark gaze held hers, and she couldn't tell what he was thinking. This decision would be entirely hers.

She tilted her head back, leaning forward for his kiss. When his tongue stroked into her mouth again, she matched it, just as eager to kiss him as he was to kiss her. He groaned in response and she twined her arms around his neck. His hands slid to her ass and she froze for a moment, hoping he wouldn't comment on how wide it was.

But his hands only rubbed at her skin through her pants, tugging her h*ps closer to him so she could feel his erection. His mouth continued to tease and torment her own, his lips and tongue driving her wild with need. She knew she was wet for him-the ache between her legs was so intense she felt like she might scream from wanting him.

"I want to see you nak*d," he told her in a husky voice, tugging at her loose shirt again. "Want to see these gorgeous br**sts. That bikini you wore earlier was just a tease."

Her bikini? Her serviceable black bikini that was more about holding everything in place than enticing a man? She laughed at the thought, but stilled when he gave her a curious look.

"Nothing," she told him, running a hand down the front of his nak*d chest to distract him. He was so warm and delicious. His muscles were rock hard-he must find time in his busy schedule to work out. She liked the results. Her hand trailed down his front, to the c*ck tenting his boxers. He was hard and enormous. Of course he was. Everything about Travis Jesson was perfect, just like she'd imagined countless times in her bed, late at night.

He tugged at her shirt hem and she raised her arms so he could pull it over her head. Risa bit her bottom lip, her n**ples pebbled hard in the moonlight. Her br**sts were large, the n**ples tight, but they weren't the perkiest br**sts. He was probably used to seeing fake, bouncy br**sts, and this made her feel worse.

But he groaned, reaching to cup both of her br**sts in his hands and admiring the way they overflowed his grasp. "Beautiful. You're beautiful, Risa."

And that was the stuff of fantasy, right there. She arched into his touch, gasping when his thumbs brushed over the hard peaks, teasing them. He leaned down to take one in his mouth.

"Oh God, Travis!" Desire pulsed through her as his teeth scraped over the sensitive bud. She could feel his tongue flick the tip over and over and she moaned. Her fingers dug into his hair, holding his head there. Her entire body trembled as his thumb continued to brush over her other nipple, the dual sensations driving her mad.

"Do you like that?" he whispered against her skin, brushing kisses over the globe of her breast before turning to give attention to her other.

"I've never felt anything so good," she said softly.

"I want to kiss you all over," he said, licking the top of her other breast. "See where all these freckles go."

She shivered at the thought, and her hands went to the waistband of her sleep pants. She tossed them to the ground, quickly followed by her panties, and then she was nak*d.

With Travis Jesson, her fantasy man.

He stepped out of his boxers in the next moment, kicking them to the ground, and he pushed her gently to the bed. She felt the head of his c*ck brushing against her thighs, the crown slick with pr**um. Her fingers trailed over it and he hissed in response.

"Not yet," he told her. "I want to touch you, first. Make you come. I want you moaning and wild when I sink into you."

The breath stole from her throat at that mental image. "I want that, too."

"Then lay back, Risa, and let me explore you."

She lay back on the bed, ignoring the way her br**sts bounced as she did, but she noticed his gaze was riveted there. He leaned in and kissed the tip of each one again, sending new shock waves of pleasure rippling through her body. She moaned, reaching for him.

He clasped both of her hands in one of his and reared back, studying her body. "You're so soft and beautiful, Risa." The fingers of his free hand brushed over her belly button. "You're not as freckled here."

"Not much sun hits there."

"I think you'd be gorgeous on a nude beach," he said softly. "I'd love to see every inch of this skin kissed by the sun and freckled."

She laughed. "I don't think anyone wants to see me on a nude beach, sorry."

He shook his head. "Do you not realize how sexy you are?" Travis bent over her and kissed her belly button, then lightly traced his tongue over the small indentation. "The curve of your belly is delicious. Makes me want to sink my c*ck deep inside you." His hand moved lower, caressing the curls of her p**sy. "Are you freckled here?"

The whimper in her throat caught. "I-I don't know."

"I want to find out," he said, bending low. "Spread your legs for me."

Biting her lip, she hesitated a moment, then spread her legs a bit.

His hand was immediately there, releasing hers to push her thighs apart. Before she could protest, he leaned in and licked her long, slow, and deep.

Risa cried out. "Travis!"

He groaned against her p**sy. "You taste so sweet. I could lick you for hours."

Quiver after quiver of desire raced through her body. She felt his breath on her most intimate flesh, felt his tongue sweep over the wet folds again, then circle her cl*t with the tip of his tongue. Pleasure began to build inside her body and her thighs clenched, her body tensing. "Travis, I ..."

He lifted his head, looking up at her with hot, dark eyes. "You want me to stop?"

She stared at him, at his beautiful face, his mouth wet from tasting her. She didn't want him to stop. Even if this was madness, she wanted it. Her fingers stroked along his cheeks, then moved to his hair, and then she pushed his head back toward her thighs.

"Good," he said roughly, his voice a low growl. "I want to see you come."

The moan that had been building in her throat escaped again, and Risa clung to his head as his tongue stroked over her cl*t again, teasing it with back-and-forth and then circular motions. One of his fingers slid along her wet folds, and she tensed as it suddenly thrust deep into her p**sy. It was too much, too quick, and she was going to come too soon. She wanted to enjoy every moment of this, to savor being in his arms.

But then he thrust his finger inside her again, at the same time that his tormenting tongue pressed against her clit, and she came with a sobbing gasp, her h*ps undulating as she held his face to her sex, riding the waves of her orgasm.

He continued to lick and suck at her flesh, drawing out her pleasure until she'd relaxed, limp, back in her bed, her fingers still stroking through his hair, aftershocks making her legs tremble.

That had been the single best orgasm she'd ever had. Period. This was definitely going to be a fantasy that would be replayed in her head, over and over again, for the rest of her life.

Travis leaned up on his knees, looming over her sprawled thighs. He gave her a possessive look and then leaned in to press a few kisses on her br**sts. "Love these. You have some of the most amazing br**sts I've ever seen."

She flushed with pleasure at his compliment, feeling herself preening mentally. How nice to sleep with a man that actually enjoyed her fuller curves, rather than suggesting a breast reduction.

He glanced around her room, his gaze moving to the dresser nearby. "Condoms?"

Of course. She rolled to the side of the bed and slid open her nightstand drawer, pulling out a condom and handing it to him. Her shyness was gone, her excitement building again. She couldn't wait to have this gorgeous man between her thighs, seated deep inside her, pounding into her. Just the thought made her body tense with anticipation all over again.

She watched him as he tore open the condom and rolled it down his length. God, he was beautiful. Surely the most beautiful man she'd ever seen. Even his c*ck seemed perfect for her. She wanted to tell him this, but all she could do was reach out and trace her fingers lightly over his skin, words failing her.

He didn't want to hear her talk, after all. He just wanted comfort sex. She had to keep that in mind.

With the condom on, he glanced back over to Risa and gave her a slow, sultry smile that made her heart pound. Travis leaned over and kissed her even as his hand pressed her thighs wide apart again. She spread her legs, her gaze riveted to his body in the pale moonlight of her room.

His hand shifted between them, and she felt the head of his c*ck rub through her slick folds, teasing her. Then, he was poised at the entrance of her core, and he sank deep.

Risa cried out at the sensation, wrapping her arms around his neck. She hadn't had sex in a while and the sensation was deliciously tight, and he seemed to fill her completely. Wonder spread through her at the feel of his body between her legs, and his c*ck sank deep inside her.

This was perfection.

Travis gave her another kiss, this one rougher, and began to thrust, his strokes sure and rapid. Helpless to fight the tide of pleasure, Risa clung to him, raising her h*ps to meet each of his movements in a rough rocking motion that carried both of them forward. Over and over he drove into her, each thrust making her desire build anew, until she was crying out with pleasure, her p**sy clenching tight around him.

And still he stroked into her, as if he had control of iron and was determined to drive her wild.

Her nails dug into his back, and then her hands slid to his buttocks, driving him harder into her. She needed more from him. Needed this intensity to spiral out of control and take her with it. It was so good that she didn't want it to ever end-and yet she wanted to shatter in that moment. "Oh God, Travis, you're incredible," she blurted, and then immediately felt embarrassed that she'd said something so clearly adoring.

He simply groaned and leaned in, biting at her lip. "Risa. Sweet Risa."

Her name on his lips sent a shiver of pleasure through her, and she tightened her thighs around him, driving him deeper into her with each thrust.

"Travis," she breathed again, tasting his name on the next thrust.

As if sensing what she needed, he leaned closer still and murmured her name back to her. "Risa."

It was that throaty whisper of her name that made every muscle in her body tense, made her p**sy clench, and made the orgasm jolt through her body again, driving her back to the brink for the second time that night.

Travis growled her name one more time and his thrusts grew jerky, wild, and then he sank over her, his own pleasure sated.

The room grew really, really quiet. Risa lay in the darkness, afraid to move. He lay on top of her body, his skin damp with exertion, his chest mashing her br**sts into twin pancakes. His weight was constricting her breathing, but he felt so incredible that she didn't want to complain. She wanted him to stay in her arms forever.

But then he rolled to the side and got up, disposing of the condom, and the moment was gone.

She lay in the bed, staring up at the ceiling, almost afraid to wonder what came next. A quick thank-you and then shuffling back to his room? Getting himself another drink in the hopes of forgetting that he'd shared a quick pity f**k with his grandmother's unattractive assistant?

To her surprise, she felt the bed dip and his big form move back into bed next to her. His arms wrapped around her from behind and tugged her close to him. He was ... snuggling.

Before she could think of this with wonder, he was asleep and lightly snoring in her ear.

Risa smiled and wrapped her hand around his. Because, somehow, that was okay, too. It made this fantasy seem just a little bit real. That Travis Jesson, sex god and billionaire, was just a little bit human, and snored when he drank.

For some reason, she liked seeing that he wasn't perfect. It brought him closer to her level. Just a touch.

* * *

When Travis awoke the next morning, he was in a strange bed with a curvy, plump bottom nestled against him. His morning wood turned into a full-blown erection.

The woman curled up against him sighed in her sleep and wiggled just a little closer, brushing her ass against his c*ck again.

Sleepiness fell away, along with the morning fog. He'd slept with Risa, his grandmother's assistant. He could blame it on the alcohol, but the truth of the matter was that he hadn't been drunk enough to lose his senses. He'd simply wanted her in his bed. The alcohol was merely an excuse.

Of course, she was still in bed with him. He saw no reason why he shouldn't take advantage of that.

He skimmed an exploring hand over the curve of her hip. More generous than the last few women he'd dated, but he liked that. She was soft and pleasant to touch, her pale skin dappled with freckles. She was nak*d next to him, too. He liked that as well.

Travis slid a hand over her rounded belly, and then cupped her p**sy. She moaned, pressing back against him harder, and he had to bite back a moan of his own.

So deliciously responsive. A man could get used to that.

Suddenly, she rolled over, her eyes flying open to look at him.

He paused, his hand not moving from her sex. Looked down at her. Waited to see what she wanted. If she wanted him to get off of her, he would. If she wanted him to keep touching her, he'd definitely do that.

Her blue eyes went soft at the sight of him against her, and her gaze went to his mouth. Her fingers reached up and brushed his jaw, where his five o'clock shadow grew. "God, you're sexy in the morning."

That wasn't a no. Excellent.

He leaned over to kiss her neck and she shivered, her hand sliding up to dig her fingers into his rumpled hair. Her h*ps lifted as his fingers slipped between the folds of her p**sy and began to stroke her. Within moments, she was whimpering low in her throat, her flesh wet with need against his hand.

Good, because he wasn't going to last long.

Travis grabbed a condom from her dresser drawer, put it on, and then tugged her h*ps back against him. Her ass was full and round, and for some reason that was exciting to him. He liked the feel of it against him. He lifted one of her thighs, murmuring encouragement to her, and then thrust into her from behind.

She arched back against him, crying out. Her h*ps bucked with his next thrust, pushing back. He let his fingers glide over her cl*t even as he thrust again, wanting to bring her along with him. He pumped into her with another quick stroke, rubbing her cl*t harder. Her mouth fell open, her eyes closed as she rocked her h*ps in response, her hand covering his as if to drag him away from her.

To his surprise, she wasn't stopping him from rubbing her clit. Instead, she grasped his hand and pushed his fingers against her flesh, hard, rubbing with a ferocity that he wouldn't have thought to use.

It made him wild.

He bit her neck, then her shoulder, even as he rubbed and pushed harder against her sensitive flesh. She was sucking in small breaths now, her throat catching with every rough stroke of his fingers, every forceful stab of his cock. He could feel her muscles tensing against him as she rocked, her movements becoming erratic.

Her p**sy began to clench around him, quivering with her orgasm. She made a strangled little sound in her throat that was about the sexiest damn thing he'd ever heard, and that pushed him over the edge. He bit down on her shoulder again, teeth locked into her soft flesh as he came, pumping into her.

When he could breathe again, he lifted his head and kissed the bite mark he'd left on her shoulder. She was looking at him with a dazed, sleepy gaze that was almost ... adoring.

Then she glanced over at the alarm clock. Her mouth lifted in a sad smile. "Nine A.M. I guess you should get going soon? You're probably busy."

Travis frowned. He was supposed to be busy today, yes. He was pretty sure there was a business meeting in about a half hour that he was going to end up missing. He didn't care. He didn't feel like going anywhere right at the moment. "Why? You trying to get rid of me?"

Her eyes widened. "No, not at all. I just didn't want you to feel ... obligated to stick around." She bit her lip and tugged at the sheet, sliding away from him. "I should shower. Gregory's going to need a walk before you leave with him."

She looked terribly sad. He wanted to tell her to keep the damn pig, but the words stuck in his throat. She couldn't. And his grandmother had wanted him to have the thing.

She wrapped the sheet around her voluptuous body and turned away without giving him a backward look. He heard the boards creak in the old house as she headed down the hall to the bathroom, heard the shower start.

He lay back in bed, head on her soft pillows, staring at the ceiling. He wouldn't see her again after today. There'd be no reason to. She'd be starting a new life in Dallas, and he'd return to his meetings, business trips, and endless emails. His grandmother's house would sit empty and forgotten until his parents returned from their sailing trip.

Everyone would go their separate ways. As they should.

But for some reason, he kept thinking of Risa's soft smile. The way her eyes lit up with pleasure. The delicate spatter of freckles on her hips. The plump ass pushing up against him as he'd slept. The way she'd grabbed his hand and showed him exactly what she wanted.

That was Risa in a nutshell-soft and sweet and laughing, but determined to get what she wanted. That was what had made her such a good caretaker for his grandmother. She was kind and thoughtful, with a core of steel. Hell, she no longer even asked him if he wanted the pig. She just assumed he was taking it with him.

He liked that about Risa. She intrigued him, and she was sexy, and she was incredibly stubborn. One night wasn't going to be enough time with her, he knew. He wanted more time to explore her body. To take her a hundred different ways and see her reactions. To see what other things she'd be demanding about. He needed to find a way to keep her close to him for a little while longer yet.

Until he got her out of his system.

A brilliant idea formed in his mind.

* * *

When Risa got out of the shower, Travis was no longer in her bed. She ignored the momentary twinge of disappointment at that and got dressed. She could hear him in the kitchen, dishes clinking, and heard a small piggy squeal that told her that he'd let Gregory in from outside. Good-maybe they were bonding. Maybe this wouldn't be as painful for all parties involved as she had thought.

The moment she walked into the kitchen, though, that thought flew out the window. To her horror, one of the casserole dishes of leftovers had been taken out of the fridge and set on the floor for Gregory to eat. The pig wolfed the noodles down, his little tail pinwheeling with excitement. At the nearby dining table, Travis had a cup of coffee and was checking messages on his BlackBerry.

She raced to the pan, sliding it away from the pig. "What are you doing? You can't feed a pig tuna casserole!"

Travis glanced over at her, then down at the pig, his brows wrinkling together. "He was eating it."

"He's not supposed to eat it," she cried, dumping the food into the garbage. "You can't give him people food. He'll get sick. And fat." She shook her head at Travis, dismayed. "Your gran and I were always very careful with his diet."

"I know the gross profit margins of thirteen different competing companies, Risa. I can do extremely complicated macros in spreadsheets to calculate financial data. I can persuade investors to purchase technology they're certain will fail." He glanced up from his BlackBerry to look over at her. "I don't know how to feed a pig."

Risa said nothing for a moment, an unhappy knot sinking into her stomach. He was right. He didn't know how to feed a pig, and he was going to take Gregory away before he had a chance to learn. The pig was used to very specific meals and she worried about his health if Travis just fed him whatever. "If you have an extra hour or two, we can go over his care-"

"I don't have an extra hour or two," Travis said.

She bit her lip, thinking hard. "I can e-mail you instructions-"

"No," he said firmly, then put his BlackBerry aside. He stood up and moved toward her, stepping carefully around the pig still staring up at Risa with hopeful eyes. "I want you to come with me."

Huh? Risa blinked. "Come again?"

"I will pay you to come with me to Houston," he said slowly, his face utterly serious, no hint of a smile touching his mouth. "It doesn't have to be long. A week. Two, max. You come with me, move in to my apartment. Show me how to care for the pig. And then you leave."

And then you leave. So cut and dry. So simple.

So businesslike. What they'd done last night was anything but businesslike. Could she be around him if all he wanted was a live-in pig maid? Why did that hurt her heart so much? She shook her head. "My friends are expecting me in Dallas."

He glanced back down at his BlackBerry again, typing. "Do you have a job there?"

She swallowed. "Not yet."

"I'll pay you twenty grand for two weeks of your time."

Her jaw dropped.

At her silence, he glanced up again. "Thirty?"

"Thirty's good," she squeaked. "Just to show you how to care for a pig?"

A slow, devastating smile suddenly curved his hard mouth. "I'd be lying if I said I only had the pig in mind."

A warm flush heated her cheeks. She bit her lip, not wanting to giggle like a schoolgirl. Or seem too eager. Instead, she pointed out, "This is sounding awfully a lot like a Pretty Woman arrangement. I don't know if I approve."

"It's just for two weeks," he told her. "And if you want it to be purely business, it can be." His tone grew crisp and efficient. Oh no. He was retreating to businessman mode. She'd screwed this up.

Her dream man was asking her to spend two weeks with him for a crazy amount of money, and here she was messing it up.

Risa suddenly pushed forward and brushed aside his BlackBerry. Before he could comment on that, she wrapped her arms around his neck and gave him a hard, fierce kiss. His tongue gave hers a possessive stroke in response before she broke the kiss, letting her know that he was very much interested in her. "I want this to be more than business," she told him. "Don't misunderstand me."

And that smile curved his mouth again. "Good."

* * *

With her bags packed, Risa harnessed Gregory and clipped on his leash, determined to take him for one last walk before they left Bluebonnet behind for Houston.

Her motive wasn't entirely altruistic, of course. She needed time to gather her thoughts and clear her mind. Being around Travis was heady, and she wanted to make sure she just wasn't intoxicated with her fantasy of him.

Gregory was excited about the walk, prancing and snorting down the sidewalk. Risa deliberately ignored the sleek, black sedan in the driveway-she didn't want to gawk at it like a rube-as they left the old Victorian house and turned down the street. Pearl had lived two blocks away from Main Street in tiny Bluebonnet, and that was their destination today. Risa had a few people she wanted to say good-bye to ... and to talk with. Just in case she was losing her mind.

After all, not every woman was offered thirty thousand dollars for two weeks of simply taking care of a pig. Was she crazy to jump on it? Wouldn't she be crazy not to?

The pig's hooves clicked on the sidewalk, his little tail swishing, and she smiled at the sight of him. He was such a good pig. Well mannered, smart, not a biter. She was glad she was going to get to spend a little more time with him and his new owner. She wanted Travis to love Gregory as much as she did, and as much as Pearl had. How could you not love such a sweet animal?

Lost in thought, Risa waved a greeting to passersby as they strolled down the street. Gregory was well known to people in these parts, and she smiled politely when children would come up to pet him, as they always did. Everyone loved seeing the spotted pink and gray pig, and it just further reinforced her decision. She'd go to Houston and make sure that Travis didn't abandon Gregory as soon as her back was turned. If he needed two weeks to fall in love with the pig, by golly, she'd make it happen. Then, when she left them behind, she could be confident that both would be happy with their new circumstance. She owed Pearl's memory no less.

As she passed by the only hair salon in Bluebonnet, she paused thoughtfully, looking into the glass at her reflection. Her hair was a tumble around her head, her eyebrows were dark, unsculpted slashes. She looked down at her nails, noticing they were ragged from where she'd been biting them during the past week due to anxiety over her situation.

Inside the salon, a hand waved and the door clanged open a moment later. A tall, perfectly made-up blonde in a pale tank top and matching white capris tucked a magazine under her arm. "Hey, honey," Beth Ann cried out. "I was wondering if we were going to see you before you left us for Dallas!"

Risa hugged her friend on the sidewalk, gesturing at the pig. "I was giving Gregory here a walk before I leave. He doesn't travel well."

Beth Ann gave a little hop, her heeled sandals clicking on the pavement. "Oh mercy, did you meet that billionaire Pearl said was her nephew? Was he gorgeous?"

Risa bit her lip. "Yes and yes. Can we talk for a sec?"

"Of course, honey!" Beth Ann tugged the door to her small salon back open and gestured for Risa to enter. "Come on in. I can put out a bowl of water for your piggy. Does he like cheese and crackers? Celery? I've got a few things in the mini fridge."

"Celery," Risa said, slipping inside into the cool air-conditioning. The day wasn't hot yet, but it was definitely going to be a muggy one. "No one here this morning?"

"I have a ten A.M.," Beth Ann said, flipping the lock on the door and then turning around her closed sign before heading to the back of the salon. Risa heard the blonde rooting about in the fridge, then watched her pull out a small bowl and pour a water bottle into it. "Which gives us plenty of time to chat. Have a seat." She gestured at the salon chair. "Want me to do your nails? Eyebrows?"

"Yes to both?" Risa said with a faint smile, dropping Gregory's leash. The pig immediately ran for the bowl and began to drink in noisy gulps. Risa took the empty chair at Beth Ann's nail station and sat.

"Both, hmm?" Beth Ann gave her a knowing look. "This billionaire must be cute. He single?"

"I sure hope so," Risa said, and grimaced. "Considering I slept with him last night."

Beth Ann gave her a wide-eyed look. "You did?"

Risa explained as much as she could about the situation-how she'd had such a crush on him for so very long. How he'd been lonely and staring at her with his hot eyes. How he'd been a little drunk and vulnerable and she'd more or less jumped him. "And I don't regret it. Shouldn't I regret it?"

"Not if he's hot," Beth Ann said in a practical voice, plugging in the wax heater and then setting a timer. "Does he like Gregory?"

"Not really," Risa said. At her friend's dismayed look, she rushed on, "He says he's too busy to take care of a pig. He didn't know it was a pig, either. He thought it was a dog. I was sitting right there when he tried to call a shelter to come and pick him up. You know that would have killed Pearl." She twisted her hands in her lap, and then admitted the rest. "This morning, he offered me thirty grand if I'd go live with him for the next few weeks and show him how to take care of Gregory."

Beth Ann said nothing for a long moment, and then leaned over to stir the heating wax. "Mmmhmmm."

Risa couldn't tell if that was a good mhmm or a bad mhmm. So she continued, "And I think I'm going to do it. I don't have to be in Dallas right away, not really. And it'd be good to show him how to love and care for Gregory. I know that if he has some time with him, he'll get attached. It's impossible not to love Gregory. And someone's got to do the job. Did you know he tried to feed the poor thing tuna casserole this morning?"

"Mmmhmmm." Beth Ann walked to the shelf of nail polishes and picked up a bottle of pale pink, then began to shake it.

"So what do you think?"

The blonde paused in her nail-polish shaking. "You're asking my opinion? Why?"

Risa twisted her hands. "You don't think this is dangerously close to ... you know ... hooking?"

Beth Ann laughed. "Did he offer you thirty grand to sleep with him?"

"Well, no. But I'm going to sleep with him anyhow."

"Then it's not hooking," she said bluntly. "It's a case of him being really hot and needing a service you provide. Don't look at it like hooking. Look at it like, I don't know. Pig nannying."

Risa gave a skeptical snort. "That's a damn expensive nanny."

"Hey, if you want a specialist, sometimes you have to fork out a little more than you'd expect." Beth Ann's eyes twinkled with amusement. "It sounds good to me, honey. Thirty grand would set you on your feet when you go to Dallas. In the meantime, you can have your cake and eat it, too."

With that, Risa began to feel better. She smiled at her friend. "So you don't think I'm selling myself too cheap?"

"Of course not." With a mischievous grin, Beth Ann picked up a nail file and then Risa's hand. "You tell that handsome, rich man that you know the best hairdresser in town, and she's willing to be bought, too."

Risa laughed.

* * *

The drive to Houston was more uneventful than Risa had expected.

Gregory wasn't a good traveler-though the pig was good natured and easygoing most of the time, he didn't like being inside a car. He squealed with fright and huddled at Risa's feet for the entire drive, and the driver cast her annoyed looks in the rearview mirror time and time again as she tried in vain to calm the pig down. Travis hadn't said a thing, though.

He'd been on his BlackBerry the entire time. She wasn't sure what to make of that. Surely one man couldn't have that much work, could he? He had people he could delegate to. He could at least chat with her, make her feel a bit easier about her decision.

But he hadn't. He'd only laid a possessive hand on her knee and continued to text and answer e-mails with his other hand, and they drove to Houston in silence.

Well, except for the squeals of the pig.

When they'd hit the outskirts of Houston, she began wondering what area of town Travis lived in. When they headed downtown, her stomach began to sink. As they headed into the arts district and pulled up to the door of a large, posh apartment building, her stomach twisted into a knot.

This building was ... ridiculous. It was clearly a high-rise intended to cater to the Houston elite. There was even a doorman who rushed forward to get the car door for her. He paused at the sight of Gregory, but recovered quickly, gesturing for her to exit the car.

She did so, biting her lip and holding Gregory's leash tightly. A moment later, Travis was at her side.

"Are you sure this place takes pets?" she asked in a worried voice, staring at the sculpted bushes in front of the glass doors.

"They will," Travis said, putting a hand at her back to lead her forward.

But Risa couldn't fight her misgivings. When Gregory's little hooves clacked against the marble floors as they moved through the lobby, she winced. When people passed by and gave them frowning stares, she quailed a bit internally. She glanced over at Travis, but he was still occupied with his BlackBerry, even as his hand on her back steered her toward the elevator.

They went up to the top floor, and at the door at the end of the hall, Travis pulled out a key card and ran it through. The door opened with an electronic beep, and he gestured for her to follow him in.

His apartment looked like a showplace, and the nervousness in her stomach grew. Cherry hardwood floors gleamed under a white throw rug. His couches were white leather, the coffee table a delicate glass confection. The far wall was entirely windows, showcasing the Houston skyline. Expensive abstract art hung from the walls. The place looked as if it had never seen a fingerprint or a smudge or a speck of dirt.

And here she'd brought in a pig. And while Gregory was clean, he, like any other animal, had a litter box. And he was bound to spill something at some point. Heck, she was bound to spill something.

He'd told her that his life didn't allow for a pet and she'd blithely waved that off as something he was just rebelling against.

But the more she saw, the more uncomfortable she felt. Gregory didn't belong in this man's life any more than she did. Clutching the leash, she turned to give Travis a wary smile. "So ... what are your plans for today?"

He pulled out the BlackBerry again and she wanted to grit her teeth. He studied the screen, and then clicked a button. "I have three meetings."

"It's Saturday."

He glanced at her, his blank look indicating that she was clearly talking nonsense. "Business doesn't stop on the weekend."

Well, it should, she thought, but said nothing. "I need to make sure that Gregory has the proper food. Is there a supermarket nearby? And a feed store?"

He wrote down a phone number and handed it to her. "Call my assistant. She can get whatever you need."

"I can do it."

Again, he gave her a blank look. "She's my assistant. It's her job to do these things."

Risa gritted her teeth.

* * *

She spent the day bored as Travis continued to work. Now that he was back in his apartment, he was on the phone constantly, flipping between that and his computer, watching a PowerPoint in a remote meeting presentation, or brokering some sort of consultancy deal, or a jillion other things she couldn't follow. The man was a workaholic.

For her part, she played with Gregory, flipped through a magazine, and then watched some mindless TV. She'd called Travis's assistant with her grocery list and the woman promised to bring it by in a few hours. With the sun close to setting and Travis still hard at work, she put Gregory's leash back on and took him for a walk. This part of Houston was lovely enough, as wealth could buy manicured lawns and perfect nearby walking parks. Gregory enjoyed the excursion, seemingly none the worse despite his harrowing car ride.

But Risa was feeling unsettled. Travis had encouraged her to stay with him. He was paying her an exorbitant amount. Didn't he want to spend time with her? With Gregory, she amended, ashamed at her own thoughts. Of course this was for Gregory. Wasn't it?

She returned to the apartment, still rather out of sorts about things. While she'd been gone, the food had been left in grocery bags on the counter, and she put it away in his nearly empty fridge, studying the contents: a few old takeout boxes, some beer and wine and a few bottles of water. She shook her head at the sight and turned to feed Gregory.

While the pig liked carrots and fresh vegetables, she was careful with his diet and mostly fed him pig feed. She was hungry, too, so she dug through the bags for the snacks she'd requested. Finding crackers and cheese, she sat down on one of the stools at the bar in his immaculate kitchen and ate.

Some time later, he padded into the kitchen behind her, and leaned in and kissed her neck. "Want to go out and grab some dinner?"

She glanced at the clock and saw it was almost nine at night. She was a little irritated at him. He'd worked all day, ignoring them. "Now?"

"Now," he agreed. "I'm finished for the day."

How thoughtful, she thought dryly. "It's kind of late and I'm not sure we should leave Gregory unattended. When he's scared, he chews on things."

"Ah." He leaned in and kissed her neck again. His hand ran down her arm, caressing her. "I ignored you, didn't I? I'm sorry. You must be starving. Pizza?"

She caved a little at that. He wasn't used to having someone around all day. "Pizza's fine. Thank you."

Travis continued to nip at her neck, brushing aside her hair. He texted something into his phone, and then set it down, wrapping his arms around her waist. "My assistant will be by with one in about a half hour."

Risa was beginning to feel sorry for his assistant. "All right."

He tugged on her shirt, untucking it from her waistband. "That gives us plenty of time for a little privacy. Come into the living room with me."

She only hesitated for a moment, then slid down from the stool. He linked her hand in his and led her back into the living room. He sat down on the couch and then tugged her down until she straddled him on the couch.

"Much better," he said, running a hand down her back.

Uncomfortable, Risa felt tense and awkward in his embrace. Her weight was pressing down on his thighs, and the last thing she wanted was to crush him. "Am I too heavy?"

He shook his head, kissed the soft bend in her arm. "I like you the way you are. Soft and delicious in my arms."

"You can melt a girl with your words."

His eyes gleamed wickedly, and she forgot all about how he'd worked all day long and ignored her. "Good."

Risa leaned in to kiss him, her arms wrapped around his neck, her br**sts pressed against his chest. She could feel his erection pushing up against the cradle of her sex. His hand moved between them, fingers brushing against her nipple, and she gasped against his mouth.

"Been waiting all day to touch you again," he said softly, his thumb moving back and forth against her nipple, hardening it to an aching peak. "Couldn't wait to pull you in my arms again. I kept getting distracted during my meetings."

He'd noticed her? Even when she'd thought he was busy? She was going to have to prance around the apartment in nothing but her panties next time, then. She kissed him to let him know how pleased that made her, and was rewarded with a tiny thrust of his hips, forcing that hard length against her core. Pleasure rocked through her and she rolled her h*ps against him, eliciting a groan from him.

"Take your shirt off," he told her, sliding his hand under her clothing to caress her belly.

She lifted her arms and dragged her shirt over her head, tossing it aside. His mouth latched on to her nipple through her bra, tugging at the peak and she moaned, her fingers digging into his hair. Oh God. She wanted more of his mouth, more of him. She needed him deep inside her again. She ached to have him seated deep.

He dragged his teeth over her nipple, then rolled his tongue against it, leaving the lace of her bra wet from his ministrations. He turned to her other breast, using his mouth on her nipple as he teased the other with his fingers.

She thought she'd go mad from how good it felt, and couldn't stop rocking over his cock, the small movements as involuntary as the passionate whimpers that escaped her throat.

After a moment, he lifted his head. "Condoms."

Risa nodded and rolled to the side of him, sitting on the couch in a daze, still in her bra and her jeans. He leaned over and pressed another hard kiss to her mouth. "Get nak*d for me while I grab one."

Another burst of pleasure shot low in her belly at his command, and she nodded. While he left the room, she unhooked her bra and discarded it, then shimmied out of her jeans. She was just about to step out of her panties when she remembered.

His assistant was going to be here soon with the pizza.

Alarmed, she grabbed her shirt just as he returned, nak*d except for his boxers. He immediately returned to her side and began to run his hands along her body, teasing her nak*d br**sts, sliding down her belly, and dipping into the slick lips of her p**sy.

She almost dropped her shirt, her knees went so weak. "But what about your assistant?"

Travis circled her cl*t lightly, holding her body against him. "She won't come in. She'll just ring the doorbell and leave it for us. Get back down on the couch for me."

"It's leather," she protested.

He shrugged, and then tugged her down to the floor, onto the thick white rug.

Well, hell, she couldn't argue with that. Risa slid to her knees, and when he removed his boxers and began to roll on the condom, she lay back on the plush rug and just admired the sight of him, looming over her, his c*ck hard and ready for her.

God, he was magnificent. She was in way over her head, and she absolutely did not care.

Travis moved over her, tugging her legs apart. She gladly spread her legs for him, raising her h*ps in a suggestion of what she wanted.

And then he was on top of her, kissing her, and his c*ck sank deep inside her in a sudden move that made her gasp with pleasure. He stroked inside her, hard, and she clung to his neck, surprised at his ferocity. Surprised ... and turned on. His next stroke was just as fierce, and she was soon swept away in each rocking thrust that seemed determined to push her across the carpet. It was possession and ownership in each plunge of his c*ck into her body, and she felt owned and dominated by him.

And she loved it.

It seemed they had just started, she had just begun to lose herself in the pleasure when that incredible tension began to build in her hips. She moaned, rising to meet him with every harder thrust. And then she was coming, his name a gasped, choked sound, her p**sy clenching tight around him. He continued to f**k her, his movements more forceful, harder and more erratic, until he came as well, with a hoarse shout. His body locked over hers, stiffening, and he gave a final rolling thrust before collapsing on top of her.

Breathing hard, Risa hugged his weight over her, a little stunned by how quick things had been. He knew just how to touch her to bring her to an almost immediate pleasure. That was incredible.

Travis leaned in and gave her a light, lingering kiss, just as the doorbell rang.

His eyes gleamed and he seemed almost boyish. "That'll be dinner."

For the rest of the evening, Travis was hers. They ate pizza, drank wine, and made love again in his bed. After making love, she told him all about what to expect as a pig owner, determined to hold up her end of the bargain. And she told him about Gregory's more amusing antics, hoping that he'd start to love the pig as much as she did. They spent hours in bed, just talking and caressing each other, before making love one final time. As she drifted off to sleep, Risa thought that this Travis, this one in bed with her, just might be the perfect man.

It was the businessman part of Travis that she had no idea what to do with.

* * *

After a week of living in his apartment, though, it was clear to Risa that the businessman side of Travis seemed to be the dominant one. She enjoyed his company-his laugh, his smile, his conversation. She loved his body, loved the way he touched her and brought her pleasure.

She hated his BlackBerry.

He was never further than a phone call away from his job, and that drove her crazy. Even when they were in bed at night, twined together, if the phone buzzed with an incoming message, he'd roll over, grab it, and start typing away.

Risa had to remind herself that this wasn't a real relationship. It was a sexual interlude, nothing more. Travis hadn't promised her more than two weeks of his time. He'd promised her money and that was it.

Strangely enough, the money wasn't really a factor anymore. After spending a week with him, she didn't care about the money as much as she just wanted him to spend some genuine time with her.

And with Gregory.

The pig adored Travis. There was something about him that Gregory had immediately taken a shine to, and whenever Travis was busy working, Gregory would lay at his feet to keep him company, or butt his head against Travis's leg, demanding to be petted. Travis, for his part, seemed to be coming around on the pig. He petted Gregory and occasionally threw a chew toy for the pig to chase. Risa had even talked Travis into taking an early morning walk with her and the pig, and he'd carried the leash while they'd wandered a nearby park, hand in hand.

But then his phone rang and the moment was over.

She'd been doing her best to show Travis how to take care of Gregory, but it was hard to teach someone who was too busy for any sort of animal, much less an intelligent pig. She knew that Gregory liked to chew things when he was bored, so she took him on multiple walks a day to wear him out, but she wondered what it would be like when she left.

And she wondered why the thought made her so sad.

* * *

Risa checked her watch and drummed her fingers on the arm of the movie theater seat. She stared up at the small screen, willing Travis to show up.

His apartment building had a private movie theater that showed new releases. You simply signed up to have the theater for a few hours. Once Risa had learned about that, she'd been excited at the prospect of having an actual date night with Travis. And he'd agreed, once she'd talked him into it with kisses. He'd even moved a meeting for her.

Now date night had arrived and she had the room reserved, but he wasn't there. The popcorn she'd popped had gotten cold, and she sat in the dark, waiting. She'd left him an hour ago in the apartment. He was reviewing a contract, and had promised to run down to grab them a few sodas at the corner store and meet her in the movie theater.

She checked her watch one more time and then stood up from the chair, worried. Surely nothing had happened to him on the way to the store?

On a hunch, she went to the elevator and punched the button for Travis's floor. She slid her key in the lock and opened the door.

There was Travis, on the phone, his computer open in front of him. Exactly in the last place she'd left him.

"Are you f**king kidding me, Peters? Have you seen these suggestions they made? They're a joke," he said into the phone. "Did you see clause eighteen? No? Go look at it. I'll wait." He glanced at her as she walked in, and then turned back to his computer. His hand reached down to absently stroke Gregory's velvety ear. "Did you see it? Exactly. That is absolutely not part of the deal."

Risa felt cold. Little by little, her fantasy of him was crumbling. She wanted to have this time with him. So much. She wanted the memory of their short time together to be an incredible one that she could look back on with fondness. Her silly heart wanted Travis to grab her by the waist, nuzzle her neck, and beg her to stay with him forever.

But he was a busy man. Too busy for a pig. Much too busy for a relationship of any kind.

She'd been foolish to ever hope for one.

Very calmly, she went to his room and began to pack her bag. She took her clothes off hangers, folded them neatly, and then closed her small suitcase. She paused when she turned and saw that he had Pearl's old photo album out on a nearby dresser.

So he'd taken a memento from his grandmother's house after all? Risa moved toward it, compelled, and turned the pages. There was a picture of Travis as a young boy, with that same serious expression on his face, holding up a fish. Travis reading a book in a bay window. Travis playing fetch with a dog, a wide smile on his face. Her heart skipped a beat.

Travis with Pearl, his arm around her waist, as he wore a graduation cap. Travis and his grandmother sitting on her porch, smoking cigars as if they didn't have a care in the world. Underneath the picture was a caption: First major business deal.

Where had that Travis gone? Suddenly sad for herself and for him, she left the photo album open to the picture of him and the dog. That was the Travis she wanted.

She picked up her suitcase and headed back into the living room, dropping it by the door. She suddenly realized that her car was still in Bluebonnet, still at Pearl's house. Maybe she'd ask Travis if she could rent the place. Maybe there was a teaching job or two in Bluebonnet. She loved that little town.

"I'll call you back," Travis said suddenly, and she heard his phone click off. "Risa, what are you doing?"

She braced herself and turned around, a wide smile on her face. "I'm sorry, Travis, but I'm leaving."

The scowl on his face was furious. "Why? Because of tonight? Something's come up. There'll be other nights to go to the movies-"

"No, there won't," she interrupted him. "You know why? Because you don't have time for anyone in your life."

He stared at her, his jaw set in an angry line.

Risa sighed. "I'm not telling you this to make you angry, Travis. I'm really not. It's just become very apparent to me that you were right and I was wrong. You don't have time in your life for a pig. You don't have time in your life for a pig-keeper, either. I've really enjoyed our time together." Her voice grew soft. "Really, really enjoyed it. I wish I could stay longer."

"Then stay."

She shook her head.

"Fifty grand," he said suddenly. "Give me a month and I'll give you fifty grand."

Annoyance flashed through her. "Have I asked for the money, Travis? For the last time, this isn't about the money. You can keep every damn dollar that you promised me. I came here because I wanted you to love Gregory, but I mostly came here because I had a fantasy of you, and I was half in love with you the moment you walked through your grandmother's door. Being with you has been part of that fantasy, but the reality is that you don't have time for anyone."

He said nothing.

"Well?"

"I'll pull some strings. Get you a teaching job here. We can build a school, if you want, and you can-"

She threw up her arms, cutting him off. "You're still not listening to me."

He still stared at her as if not quite comprehending her. "Everyone has a price, Risa. I want to know yours. I want to know what it'll take to make you stay with me for a bit longer. I ... like you in my bed."

That was a lot for a man like Travis Jesson to admit, she knew. She went to him and very lightly placed a hand on his cheek. "You know my price, Travis."

"I don't-"

She hated herself for saying the next part, but she had to. "I'm not like your grandmother. I can't forgive missed time."

Travis flinched.

She continued. "Time is the only thing I want from you, Travis. I want us to be a real couple. If you want me to live here with you, I'll stay. I'll look for a teaching job in Houston. Keep your thirty grand. Keep all of it. We'll be a real couple and try this thing out. But I require time and effort. I want someone that will be with me, not someone that's with their BlackBerry."

"Risa," he said, leaning to kiss her hand. "I want to be with you. But you have to understand my job. I didn't get where I am today because I took a backseat on things. There are opportunities out there, and I'm not about to leave them on the table. I have a very important meeting in Japan in a week that I cannot miss."

"I'm not asking you to quit your job for your pig nanny, Travis," she said with a wry, sad smile. "I'm not asking you to make a choice. You are who you are. I am who I am, unfortunately, and I want the chance to be with someone who wants to be with me. It's not that I'm giving you an ultimatum. It's that we're two immovable objects. You have your work on this side, and I am on the other. The two aren't going to meet in the middle."

"I want to be with you-"

"Then you know my price." She picked up her suitcase and headed for the door. Every step felt like a thousand years. She wanted him to change his mind, to tell her that he'd make time for her. But he said nothing. When she got to the door, she turned back to him. "You might want to arrange to have your assistant feed Gregory twice a day. I left instructions on the refrigerator door. I don't want him to starve."

His arms crossed and his look became stubborn. Almost furious. "I can feed a pig, Risa."

She knew he could. The question was, would he have the time? So she didn't address it. "Can you call the car for me? My car's still back at your grandmother's."

"I'll call it in the morning," he said harshly. He turned to his desk and pulled out his checkbook. "So half, then? Fifteen thousand?"

Her heart hurt. "I told you I don't want the money, Travis. Keep it. Use it to hire a dog walker to take Gregory out in the mornings."

"Then what do you want?"

"I want the car."

His jaw set stubbornly. "In the morning."

She would not be bullied. "Very well, then. See you in the morning." Risa went to the guest bedroom and shut the door.

* * *

Goddamn it.

Travis stared at the closed door, furious. How dare she try to force him to change his ways for her? How dare she say that what he had to offer wasn't good enough? Most women threw themselves at him, eager for his money and power.

This one turned her nose up at his money and wanted him to give up his power.

Un-f**king-believable.

Travis turned back to his computer and kept working, going through his ever-filling inbox. There was simply too much to be done before his Japan trip, and he didn't trust his subordinates enough to handle the finer details.

He worked for another ten minutes and then shut the laptop, too furious to concentrate. He stood up abruptly, his chair scraping on the hardwood floors.

At his feet, Gregory danced in excited circles, his pig snout quivering. He snorted with enthusiasm, clearly thinking they were going out for a walk. "Sorry, pig," he told it. "Not right now."

Travis walked to that shut door, wanting to fling it open. He stared at it for a long moment. She was quiet inside. Was she weeping? Sleeping? Sad?

He hated the thought of her being sad. Fists clenched with irritation, he stalked to his bathroom and took a shower to clear his mind. Didn't work. By the time he got out of the shower, his thoughts were only more byzantine with a swirl of irritation and conflicting thoughts about Risa mixing with thoughts for the business week ahead. He moved to his dresser to pull out fresh boxers and paused at the sight of the photo album left open.

It was a picture of him with his dog back when he was a boy. He'd loved that dog. A wet droplet splatted on the photo album and he absently wiped it off of the plastic covering with his hand. The dog had followed him everywhere, wagging his tail, desperate for attention.

Just like the pig that was now his.

Almost of its own volition, his hand reached out and turned the page. There was a picture of him and his grandmother, smoking cigars. It was after he'd closed his first major deal with his own company. She'd been so proud. He turned the page and the next photo was her ninety-fifth birthday. She was smiling as she leaned over a cake dotted with an incredible number of candles, and Travis had been at her side.

The next page was a press clipping of the deal that had made him a billionaire. Annoyed, he flipped the page. More press clippings. Where were the photos? The family photos? He flipped the rest of the pages of the album and came to a stark realization.

For the last three years, there were no family photos. Only press clippings of him that his grandmother had cut out from the newspaper.

He'd been too busy to see her and so she'd had to make do with mentions of him in the newspaper.

His stomach clenched, suddenly sick.

I'm not like your grandmother. I can't forgive missed time.

Damn. That was a punch in the gut.

Travis moved to the bed and sat on the edge of it, not caring that he was dripping water. He saw a lacy scrap peeking out from under the bed and tugged it forward, surprised to see a red and black thong. When had Risa worn this for him? He couldn't recall. Sometime this week, of course, but it was a blur of business meetings and memories of making love to her before dropping off to sleep, exhausted.

He stared at the panties. Why couldn't he remember her wearing these for him?

Was he truly that absent?

The realization was an uncomfortable one. He'd been so focused on his business for the last few years that he hadn't taken the time to do anything but work. Even now, he knew if he picked up his BlackBerry, it'd be full of messages of people needing his advice, his lawyer sending over changes to the latest contract, his assistant with travel confirmations, the board of directors with more meeting invites ...

It was suddenly exhausting to think about. He lay back in the bed and stared up at the ceiling.

He'd missed out on the last few years of his grandmother's life because he'd been too busy working. He hadn't seen-or talked to-his parents in ages. He didn't know where they were in Europe. Didn't know what they were up to. He knew everything about the closest competitor in his market, but he didn't have a clue about anything in his personal life.

And Risa was trying to wake him up. Because she cared about him and wanted to be with him.

Just ... not like this.

You know my price, she'd said softly.

It hadn't been an ultimatum. Everyone had their price, after all. She was just stating hers. Was it one that he was willing to pay? Being with Risa would mean not being on call 24-7. It would mean no long, extended business trips. It would mean spending evenings in bed, in pleasure. Holding hands while walking in the park. Going out to dinner for the sheer enjoyment of the other person's company, not because there was a business connection to be made.

Not working over the weekend. Spending the weekend with her. Sleeping late and snuggling into bed together. Making love to her for an entire day. Feeling her soft curves under his hands for as long as he wanted, without having to be anywhere in the world but in bed with her.

He wanted that. But how to prove it?

Travis lay back in his bed and thought. And he came up with a plan, because that was what he did best.

* * *

When morning came after a long, sleepless night, Travis noticed her door was still shut firmly. Outside of it, the pig whined and danced, clearly hoping for his morning walk. Travis needed one, too, to clear his head. So he slid the pig into his harness and they went out for a brisk morning run. He tucked his BlackBerry into one of his pockets, just in case.

It was interesting, going on a run with a pig. Everyone stopped to stare at them, but Travis ignored it. Gregory seemed to enjoy the run, and for some reason, it made his own personal run less tedious this morning when he saw how much the pig was enjoying it. Maybe there was something to having a pet after all. Risa loved the silly thing. And he admitted to himself that when Gregory squealed with delight over something, it amused him.

He did have to fish him out of the park's flowering bushes, though. Apparently Gregory liked to eat the local shrubberies.

They returned back to the apartment a short time later, and the pig immediately went to the kitchen, turning in excited circles. Okay, food time. He could do this, too. He went to the fridge and pulled down the instructions, noting her careful measurements of just how much the pig should be fed.

He will always seem hungry, Risa had written. Pigs don't have a thalamus gland that tells them to stop eating. Just because he begs doesn't mean he should be fed! He's smart enough to know that when he begs, he gets treats.

His mouth curved into a faint smile. Clever pig.

Travis measured the pig feed and set down the bowl for Gregory to eat. He'd shower and have breakfast himself, but in a minute. To his surprise, he realized he hadn't checked his BlackBerry on his run. That wasn't like him. He pulled it out to check if his assistant had responded to his messages from last night, skipping over a few meeting invites.

Everything's in place, she'd written back. I've canceled the car and reserved the movie room for you all day. Breakfast should be delivered there in about a half hour, along with the flowers.

Good job, he wrote back, realizing it was probably the first time he'd ever complimented her. Damn it. Now that Risa had pointed out how selfish he'd been over the last while, it was all he seemed to see everywhere he turned.

Well, he'd prove to her that he was more than just an obsessed workaholic. Travis pulled up his calendar and began to make a few changes.

* * *

Risa lay in the guest bed, her arms crossed, staring up at the ceiling.

Where the hell was the stupid phone call that would let her know that the car was here? It was taking forever.

She'd heard Travis leave earlier this morning, at dawn, but she'd gone right back to sleep. It had taken her forever to go to bed last night. She didn't cry into her pillow-not over a man she'd met a week ago-but she couldn't escape the intense feeling of disappointment that he'd had no time for her. And she couldn't sink the feeling in her gut that poor Gregory was going to end up neglected and lonely, the opposite of what Pearl had wanted for her beloved pet.

The phone at her bedside rang, and she rolled over to answer it. "Hello?"

"Ms. Moore? This is the concierge at the front desk. Someone is waiting in the lobby for you."

The driver. Perfect. "Thank you. I'll be right down."

She grabbed her suitcase and opened the door to the guest bedroom, looking around. "Travis?"

No answer.

Risa frowned. Had he gone to work? He hadn't even bothered to say good-bye to her? It just confirmed everything she thought about him-he'd never make time for a personal relationship. His business was all he needed in his life. Poor Gregory.

She hefted her suitcase and closed the door to his apartment. It had been a lovely week, she thought wistfully. Something to fuel her dreams while she moved on with the next chapter of her life. But there was no sense in dwelling on what couldn't be.

Risa headed to the elevator, and took it down to the main lobby.

When the doors opened, she stopped in surprise. Bouquets of roses lined the elevator exit on either side, and curved a path along the far end of the lobby. She walked through the rose path, wondering what the occasion was.

She paused when she saw Travis at the end of the path, standing in front of the entrance to the double doors that led to the personal movie theater in the building. He was dressed in a suit, of course, but Gregory was leashed at his side and Travis was trying (unsuccessfully) to prevent the pig from eating a fallen rose.

Was this who was waiting for her in the lobby? She smothered a laugh with her fingers and moved toward the pair, her heart thumping.

Travis watched her approach and gave her a smile. Not his faint, amused smile, but a truly warm one that made his eyes crinkle at the corners, and made her want to drop her panties. "I don't know if you've noticed, but pigs like to eat everything."

"Oh, I've noticed," she said with a laugh. "And I'm pretty sure I warned you."

"So you did," he said, shortening the leash before Gregory could attack a bow dangling from one of the standing vases. He crooked his elbow and extended it to her. "Will you join me?"

Risa glanced at the lobby doors. "I'm waiting for the car."

"I canceled it."

"You what?"

"I canceled it. I'll call it back if you really want to leave, but I thought we could have our movie date first." He hesitated for a moment, and then added, "Please."

How could she resist a billionaire who asked nicely? Her heart melting, she slipped her hand into the crook of his arm. "What movie are we watching?"

His lips twitched with amusement. "It's a double feature. First is Charlotte's Web. Next is Babe."

A pig double feature? She laughed. "What an incredible coincidence."

When they entered the private theater, she gasped in surprise again. A catered table had been set up on one end of the room. Mixers for mimosas had been set up in one corner, and a gourmet breakfast buffet complete with croissants, eggs, fruit, and the works lay spread out. On the floor was a small bowl full of crunchy vegetables for Gregory to snack on.

The pig immediately began straining at his leash, and as she watched, Travis unhooked it, gave the pig a scratch behind the ears, and released him to chow down. He looked over at her. "Before you ask, I double-checked to make sure that everything is okay with his diet."

She smiled. "I guess you learned some stuff this week after all."

"I did," he said quite seriously, and moved to one of the seats to pick up a small box with a bright red bow on it. "This is for you."

A present? Risa raised an eyebrow at him, but at his expectant look, she tugged the lid off.

Her stomach sank. It was a BlackBerry. As if she wanted one of the hateful things. "Travis, I don't think-"

"Before you say anything, let me show you something." He took it from her and punched a few buttons, and then handed it back to her.

It was set on the business calendar. To her surprise, she realized this was Travis's BlackBerry. Why was he giving her his BlackBerry? She glanced over the calendar ... and stopped.

His days were still full of meetings Monday through Friday. That was no surprise. But she noticed that at four P.M. on every day of the week, a new meeting had been added that extended through the rest of the evening. Time with Risa. She flipped to the weekends. They were blocked off as well. Both Saturday and Sunday read: Time with Risa.

Oh, heck. Now she was going to cry. Her lip trembled a little and she swallowed hard.

"My Japan trip next week is canceled, too. We can negotiate in a videoconference. I really don't have to be there this time," he said, expression serious. "I told them something had come up in my personal life."

And was that ... her?

"I don't want you to go. It's going to be hard for me to walk away from the work sometimes, but I'm willing to give it a try if you are." His eyes were serious as he stared down at her. "Everything you said was right. I have been spending too much time working. I'm losing track of everything that I should be enjoying in life. There has to be a balance, and I want you to keep reminding me of that. Will you stay and give me another shot?"

"Stay?" she choked out.

"I'll give you the thirty grand I promised, but if you want to stay this time, there's no money involved. Just me. I said that everyone had a price, and you told me yours. You wanted time. I'm willing to give it to you. Every evening and every weekend, I'm yours. You could try to get a teaching job here in Houston. And we could see if we're a good couple, or if-"

Before he could finish the sentence, she was kissing him, her arms around his neck. He hauled her against him, his tongue slicking against her own hungrily. They continued to kiss for a long time, until Gregory gave a squeal as he ate and Risa began to laugh against Travis's mouth.

"Is that a yes?" he murmured to her.

"It's a definite yes," she told him. How could she resist such a determined man, after all?

* * *

They spent their one-year anniversary back at Pearl's house in Bluebonnet. It had taken a few weekends, but they'd cleaned out a lot of Pearl's old things and donated them, replacing her old furniture with new and making the house their own. Whenever they needed time away-her from teaching in the city, and him from the latest round of meetings-they drove up to Bluebonnet and spent a weekend in the house and swimming in the pool. They walked Gregory around Bluebonnet early in the mornings and spent their evenings curled up by the fireplace, just enjoying spending time together.

In honor of their anniversary, Travis had had two cakes catered for them, because he always came up with clever details that emphasized just how much thought he put into every aspect of their relationship now.

Gregory's cake was a vegetable concoction made with bran and carrots.

Risa's cake was topped with a two-carat engagement ring.

Of course she said yes. How could she not? Her billionaire didn't like taking no for an answer, and this was one occasion when she didn't mind that in the slightest.

