PART I

Chapter 1

"Boston! Hooray!" I exult, as the tall church steeples of the city come into view.

I'm up on the crow's nest as lookout as we enter the harbor, and I can barely contain my excitement. The USA again! I'm free and not being chased for once, and I will see my friends soon! And, and, oh, joy!

The schooner Margaret Todd put her nose into Massachusetts Bay this morning and headed north up the harbor with a fine wind behind her-which was very good, for it means we shall not have to row her into the dock. That is backbreaking work, and we poor sailors are glad not to have to do it.

We slip between Lovell and Great Brewster Islands and then hard left! And so we turn, leaving Thompson to starboard, and then there's Spectacle Island-getting close now, girl-another small turn to the right, and then into Boston Harbor. I can smell the fish markets from here and to me, after four weeks of clean, bracing salt-sea air, it smells right good. I am a city girl at heart, when not sailing, and can put up with a bit of stench when I hit the land.

"On deck there!" I shout down. "Small lugger to starboard! Should pass us to the right, Sir, no trouble. Two barges coming down to port. Well clear!" There is traffic in this fine harbor, Boston being a bustling port and all.

Captain S. F. Pagels looks up at me and nods. He is a thoroughgoing seaman and knows this harbor like the back of his hand.

"Steady as she goes," he says to his helmsman, a man as seasoned in his skill as is the Captain in his.

Then, from the topmast, a voice is raised in song ...

Oh, I thought I heard the Old Man say,

Leave her, Jacky, leave her!

Tomorrow you will get your pay,

And it's time for you to leave her!

I grin down at the rogues on deck who are giving voice to this song. The crew know I'm getting off in Boston and feel it right and proper to sing me off with this song. They and the Margaret Todd are headed up to Eden, their home port on Mount Desert Island, and they are glad to be getting back to wives and sweethearts, but not, I believe, so glad to get rid of me. They are a jolly pack of dogs, and I will hate to see them go.

The work was hard an' the voyage was long,

Leave her, Jacky, leave her!

The sea was high and the gales was strong,

And it's time for you to leave her!

It's like a tradition, an end-of-voyage song, wherein the crew get to air their grievances and get back a bit at the captain. That's why it's always sung only at the end of a voyage, and not during ... and only if the captain is a decent cove, which Captain Pagels, praise be, is.

The grub was bad an' the wages low,

Leave her, Jacky, leave her!

But now once more ashore you'll go,

It's time for you to leave her!

Oh, and I am ready to leave her, count on that. True, the wages were, indeed, low, but the Maggie Todd got me from Gibraltar to here, and for that I thank her. She did take her time getting here-sailing first to Savannah to drop off her cargo of Spanish cloth, then down to Jamaica to pick up kegs of molasses. And oh, those barrels were heavy and I was not spared in the loading of them, no I was not ...

The winds were foul, all work and no play,

Leave her, Jacky, leave her!

From the Liverpool Docks up to Boston Bay,

It's time for you to leave her!

And then back up to Charleston to deliver and to take on mail and then on to New York. Finally, here to Boston, dear old Beantown, oh, yes!

We'll make her fast an' stow our gear,

Leave her, Jacky, leave her!

The girls are awaitin' on the pier,

And it's time for you to leave her!

Hmmm ... There is a girl awaitin', but she ain't on the pier, and she ain't up here in the foretop, neither. Oh no, she's right down below on the deck, and I know her eyes are filling with tears. This was the way of it:

I had shipped on this bark at Gibraltar in my sailor-boy disguise, something I have done before and generally gotten away with. I figured things would go easier on me that way and, too, I would be paid seaman's wages, which was good since I was dead broke. If I had announced I was a girl, they would not have taken me on as a member of the crew, and with no money to pay my fare, I'd still be standing on that dock in southern Spain.

The trip over was a good one-all us coves sitting around the potbellied stove, swapping tales and singing songs-all cozy in this winter crossing, when we weren't up on deck freezing our toes off, that is. The crew was mostly older men-middle-aged and well-seasoned sailors-and then me in my seaman's togs. There was, however, a complication. Captain Pagels had his wife and daughter along, and therein lay the problem, for the daughter, Griselda, took an immediate shine to young Jack the Sailor.

Why did she like me? I dunno ... But then, why shouldn't she? She was at the starry-eyed stage of her life when all was potential, shiny and new, and nothing was old and dull ... so she did not necessarily dream of the heavily whiskered men of her father's crews. And here's downy-cheeked Jack the Sailor, no threat at all to her maidenly virtue, a virtue I sensed early on she was right willing to give up to young Jack. Down in the fo'c's'le, we had many a fine story and song. I got not a few ribald gibes concerning the Captain's lovely daughter, but I bore up under it, blushing and looking away.

So I very carefully gave her a shipboard romance, since there seemed no way to avoid it ... and it was a very innocent romance you may be sure. She was but fifteen and quite pretty and, I gotta say, for a kid, she was quite amorous.

So what was the harm in that? None, as I see it. She'll always remember this cruise most fondly, as memories seem to glow more golden as the years pass. Ah, yes, but what of the parting that must now come, and what to do about a young girl's tears?

This morning, before we entered the harbor, she came to me by the base of the third mast, well out of sight of her father, who stood on his quarterdeck, preparing to con his ship down the channel. I took her shoulders in my hands, looked deep into her brimming blue eyes, and spouted out the most awful, high-sounding nonsense ...

"Oh, Griselda, it grieves me to the depths of my poor soul, but I must go now and leave you, love. I know that it is the best thing to do for I am but a poor, penniless sailor and you are the fine daughter of a rich merchant captain. While I will always be poor and penniless, you shall go out in society and become a fine lady. You will be admired by all and you shall marry a great man. And I ... I will remain married to my true mistress ..."

At this point I put my hand on my breast and look out across the water and conclude with a heavy sigh ...

"... the sea."

Yes, I had a hard time keeping a straight face, but I do think I let her down as easy as I could. She snuffled and buried her face in my front, and we remained that way till I was called away to the foretop.

Now I thought I heard the Old Man say,

Leave her, Jacky, leave her!

One more good heave and then belay,

And it's time for you to leave her!

And it is, indeed, time for me to leave her, so off the Margaret Todd I bounce. On my way down, right by the gangway, amidst all the cheers and catcalls, one grizzled old cove, Thaddeus Smathers, by name, grabs my arm. He winks broadly at me and whispers into my ear, "Ye didn't fool me for a minute, no ye didn't, Jacky Faber! Good sailin' to ye, lass!" I gulp and press on. One more soulful glance back at Griselda, standing bereft at the rail, and I am off.

So I rambled back into Boston town, and here I am again, stepping onto the old familiar ground.

I mean to go to the Pig and Whistle, see Maudie, take rooms, order up a bath, and generally freshen up before going to visit my other friends. And I need to check out the lay of the land. After all, there are some around here who feel quite strongly that I should be serving out my life sentence in the penal colony in Botany Bay, Australia. So I must be careful.

Ah, dear old Boston, I think as I walk up State Street. Poor Jack the Sailor, home at last, clad in sturdy sailor gear with seabag on my shoulder, and soaking in all the old familiar sights. There's Ezra Pickering's office, and there's the facade of Faber Shipping Worldwide. Oh, how it gladdens my heart to see it, the sign above its doorway all gilt and gold and black and deep maroon and the Blue Anchor flag flapping merrily above.

But no, I do not stop. I press on and round the corner, my dry throat ready for a mug of the Pig's good strong ale, and ... and then I am shocked to my core.

The Pig is dead.

The dear old Pig and Whistle is closed. Heavy boards are nailed over its windows and door, and its sign bearing the happy fat pig playing on his pennywhistle and dancing a merry jig is faded and peeling, and it hangs lopsided by a single hinge, twisting sadly in the breeze.

As I stand disconsolate, I hear what sounds like a parade coming down the street ... There is the beating of drums and the shouting of a chant.

"Suffrage, now! Votes for women, now! Equality, now! Now! Now!"

Then, from around a corner comes a crowd of women, formed in a column of three rows across, all dressed in black, looking very grim, and most bearing banners of some sort-all of which echo the chant: Suffrage, now! Votes for women, now! Equality, now! Now! Now!

I stand astounded, for whom should I see in the third row, second rank, holding a sign and looking very resolute, but ...

Amy? Amy Trevelyne?

"Amy!" I call out and wave, unable to suppress my joy at seeing my dear friend yet again.

Shocked, she looks over to see this merry sailor boy clad in white canvas trousers, middy top, and sailor cap, with seabag on shoulder and open-mouthed smile on face. She drops her sign and gasps, "JACKY?"

Chapter 2

The shock of discovering the Pig abandoned and in great disrepair is quickly replaced with the joy of seeing my dear friend Amy Trevelyne. Once I have settled her down to a degree-"Now, now, Amy, calm thyself ..." "But Jacky ... (gasp!) ... I never expected to see you again in this life and now here you are ..." "'Tis true, Sister, every inch of me ... y'see, I do have a way of popping back up-like a cork or maybe a bad dream. So shush, now, dry your tears, for we must go see Ezra. The Pig is in trouble." We then hie ourselves down to Ezra Pickering's law office. He's my dear friend and also my lawyer, who tries to bail my butt out of jail any time it finds itself in one, which is fairly often. And, of course, he's also Clerk of Faber Shipping Worldwide, Incorporated.

After heartfelt greetings-"Ezra, how good to see you! And Chloe, too, dear girl, come give us a hug!"-I go into a side room and wriggle back into female garb. Then we get down to business. "What happened to the Pig and where is Maudie?"

After being informed that the Pig and Whistle is nearing foreclosure and that Maudie and her man, Bob, have taken very mean quarters down on South Street, I head for the door, saying, "Ezra, I leave Amy in your care! Meet me at the Union Oyster House for lunch!"

While seeming to be very pleased to have Amy in his care, Ezra still blurts out, "But, Jacky, we have much to discuss!"

"I know, Ezra, but that can wait a few minutes! Bring Chloe, too! I won't be long! Cheers!" and I am out and pounding down the street.

"So that's the way of it, Jacky," says Maudie, all disconsolate. "What with me getting on in years and poor Bob with his rheumatism, well, we just couldn't handle it. And we couldn't hire help, business bein' so bad and all." Her man, Bob, sitting in a rocking chair with a throw over his legs, nods grimly in agreement.

"So now it looks like the bank is gonna take the place," he says. "And there's naught we can do about it."

Their rooms are, indeed, mean, there being only a kitchen and bedroom, with a single window facing out on the brick wall of the building next door. The interior walls are peeling and in need of paint. We sit at the kitchen table, sipping the tea Maudie has managed to serve.

"Why is business so bad?" I ask. The Pig always did have a bit of a problem being not right on the docks. Thirsty sailors had to walk a mite to get to it, something they were loath to do, their having great thirsts that needed immediate quenching, but I get the feeling there's more to it than that. Yes, there were those great days when Gully MacFarland and I packed the place with our musical act-MacFarland and Faber, the Toast of Two Continents, Singing and Playing for You Songs both Sad and Gay! On Fiddle and Squeezebox and Flageolet! But now Gully is far away at sea and I myself have gone missing for a while. Most recently I was a convict on the way to and from Botany Bay, and then I was involved in Lord Wellesley's Peninsular Campaign against Napoleon's forces in Portugal and Spain. Still, even with Gully and me out of the picture, the Pig used to do enough business to scrape by.

"Times have changed in Boston, dearie," says Maudie with a sigh. "Used to be different sorts of people got along with each other, but now it ain't like that at all."

I'm a bit mystified by that, but I don't pursue it as I rise to go.

"I've got to meet some people, Maudie," I say, standing. "But I'll be back. Let me leave you with this promise: The Pig shall dance again, and I mean that."

As I let myself out the door, I hear Maudie call after me, "It's the gangs, they're the ones what done it. Beware, Jacky."

The gangs?

Ten minutes later, I slip into a booth at the Union Oyster House, sliding in next to Chloe and across from Amy and Ezra. A plate of fat oysters on a bed of ice is brought as I settle in, along with glasses of chilled white wine all around. Amy still beams unreservedly at me, and I am gratified to see that she holds hands with Ezra. I give Chloe Cantrell a squeeze of her own hand and then pile into the oysters. I am told that some excellent lobsters are being prepared, and for that I am glad-the fare on the Margaret Todd was not all that fine.

The questions from Amy fly at me quick and fast. "Where ... ? What ... ? How did you get here? How ... ?"

I squeeze a slice of lemon over one particularly plump fellow, lift him up, and drop him down the Faber neck. A few more follow, and some bites of good crunchy bread, and then I answer, "Later, Sister, at Dovecote, in our beloved hayloft, for there is much to tell. But right now, I need a report on the state of Faber Shipping Worldwide from its esteemed Clerk of the Corporation."

Ezra chuckles and pulls a packet of letters from his vest and passes them over to me, saying, "The Nancy B. Alsop is in port at Hallowell's Wharf, having just returned from another Caribbean run. The Lorelei Lee is due in shortly with another load of Irish immigrants. More about that later ... Meanwhile, I think it best that you read the letters."

I look at the pile. One is from my grandfather, the Reverend Alsop, and sure to contain news of my orphanage, the London Home for Little Wanderers. Another is from my dear friend John Higgins, posted in London. And the third is from the House of Chen-Chopstick Charlie! Joy! Maybe news of Jaimy!

I rip that one open first ...

Charles Chen

The House of Chen

Rangoon, Burma

March 19, 1809

Jacky Faber

Faber Shipping Worldwide

State Street, Boston, Massachusetts, USA

Dear Ju kau-jing yi,

It gives me great pleasure, Little Round-Eyed Barbarian, to report that your Mr. James Fletcher has made a full recovery of his senses and has taken passage to the United States.

He has been given money and instructions to conduct some business for me when he is in that country. He devoutly hopes you, yourself, will actually be in that locale and I assured him it was as good a place as any for him to start the search for you. I have advised him to stay in some disguise, as the authorities in London might not have completely forgiven him for his past transgressions in spite of your efforts upon his behalf.

I hope you are well, Number Two Daughter. Number One Daughter Sidrah sends her regards.

Your Humble Servant,

Chops

"What good news!" I exult, passing the letter to Amy and reaching for Higgins's envelope. "Jaimy's coming here! I had thought to take passage to Rangoon at the first opportunity, but now I won't have to! Joy!"

Amy can scarcely contain herself as she reads and mutters ... "Rangoon ... Burma ... barbarians ... Mr. Fletcher ... ?"

"Later, Sister, please," I plead. I know she wants to pull out her pencil and portable writing desk right now, to start in, but it will have to wait. Then I rip open the letter from my grandfather ...

Reverend Henry Alsop

London Home for Little Wanderers

Brideshead Street, London, England

April 26, 1809

Miss Mary Alsop Faber

Faber Shipping Worldwide

State Street, Boston, Massachusetts, USA

My dear granddaughter,

It is my fondest hope and prayer that this letter finds you well and happy, wherever you might be in this world.

The Home continues to do its good work for the orphan children of London, thanks to the donations from your company and the proceeds from the penny-dreadful accounts of your adventures so graciously donated by Miss Amy Trevelyne, the author of those little epics. I can barely make myself read them, but I do, and console myself in the hope that most of the rather risque parts are figments of Miss Trevelyne's vivid imagination. I have a full shelf of them in my study, the latest one being The Wake of the Lorelei Lee, but I don't let the children read them, oh, no. I do, however, allow the staff to borrow the books, and I am afraid that some of them have found their way into general circulation among some of the older children. Oh, well, best they know something of their benefactors, I suppose ...

I myself am well, or as well as could be expected, considering my age, but I do grow a bit infirm. Oh, how I miss having Mrs. Mairead McConnaughey as Mistress of Girls, but I hear she is afraid to come back to the school in light of her last maltreatment by the British authorities.

However, I do now have an excellent Assistant Schoolmaster in the person of a Mr. Thomas Arnold, a very well-educated young man, who, as Master, seldom wields the rod on his students, preferring to believe in the essential goodness of the children in his care. Who knows, perhaps some day I may leave the Home in his capable hands and come to see you in America? Yes, maybe there is yet one more adventure in me.

I would dearly love to see you again, child, as it has been a long time.

Your Loving Grandfather,

Henry Alsop

I do not pass that letter to Amy, but instead lay it aside, snorting back a bit of a tear. Amy Trevelyne, poet, writer, and would-be academic, does not need to see the term penny-dreadful put next to her name. No. Now for Higgins's letter, which has been opened, as it is not addressed to me ...

John Higgins

London, England

May 2, 1809

Ezra Pickering, Esq.

Faber Shipping Worldwide, Inc.

State Street, Boston, Massachusetts, USA

My dear Mr. Pickering,

I am writing this letter in hopes that you have been in contact with our peripatetic Miss Jacky Faber, who was last reported as having been seen in Madrid, sending dispatches concerning the French occupation of that city back to the English lines via a partisan guerilla band.

As I informed you in my last letter, both she and I were assigned by British Intelligence to Sir Arthur Wellesley's staff in Portugal, she as translator of French, Spanish, and Portuguese, and myself as aide to Mr. Scovell, the General's spymaster and cryptographer.

After our victory at the battle of Vimeiro, in which she performed as a dispatcher and from which she emerged bloodied but not seriously hurt, she was sent by Wellesley to Madrid in the care of the aforementioned guerrilla band-a very motley crew, I will tell you, and I did worry about her safety. By all reports, she did manage to make it to Madrid, where she joined a prominent artist's household. In what capacity she was employed there, I cannot begin to guess, but we do know that, as a member of Francisco Goya's staff, she accompanied him to the national palace to paint the usurper King Joseph's portrait. While there, she gained much valuable information on the occupying French forces, information she was able to convey back to British Intelligence. I know General Wellesley found her dispatches most interesting.

After his great victory at Vimeiro, Wellesley was replaced as Commander in Chief by an act of monumental stupidity on the part of the Royal Army and returned to England. He is currently working to clear up the political mess his removal occasioned, and it is widely expected that he will be returned to command and will continue the Peninsular War in Spain. He has asked that Miss Faber again be added to his staff at that time.

I strongly feel that, given any latitude of freedom, she will head back to Boston, as she has great affection for that city and her many friends therein. And, of course, she will want to check on the status of Faber Shipping Worldwide. Plus, she is sure to be wary of any return to England, given her past experience with the government here.

I, myself, have been given indefinite leave from Scovell's staff, there not being much to do now that our operatives in the field, Miss Faber for one, have fallen silent. That being the case, I will now proceed to Waterford, in Ireland, to take passage back to America on the brigantine Lorelei Lee, Flagship of Faber Shipping, which is sure to be taking on passengers of a Celtic persuasion.

Looking forward to renewing acquaintance with all my friends in Boston, I am your humble servant,

John Higgins

Vice President

Faber Shipping Worldwide

"Hooray!" I exult, handing the letter to Amy. "Nothing but good news today! All is well at the London Home for Little Wanderers, and our dear Higgins is returning to us on the Lorelei Lee! And here's our fine lunch, to boot," I say, as the steaming platter of cracked lobster is put in front of us, with saucers of melted butter placed all around, and fried potato slices, too, and it all looks just great.

Amy ignores the food and instead scans Higgins's letter.

"Guerrillas ... ? General Wellesley ... ? An artist's studio ... ? Whatever did you do there, Jacky? What ... ?"

"Later, Sister, and all will be plain ... At Dovecote, when we have the time."

With my fingers, I'm dragging a big piece of claw meat through the hot butter and bringing it dripping to the waiting Faber mouth, and, Oh, Lord, that's good! I give out a moan of absolute pleasure while Amy mutters, "Disgusting bug," and contents herself with nibbles of the potatoes and bread, while the rest of us lay to with great sloppy gusto.

"So, Ezra," I manage to say, dabbing my lips with my cloth between bites. "A report on the state of Faber Shipping, if you would?"

Ezra smiles and says, "After your dinner, dear. You look rather in need of some decent food and I would not want to upset your digestion."

True, I have been on lean rations lately-a big fat frog was very nearly on my menu not too long ago, when I was starving on the scrubby, dry plains of Spain, but Big Daddy Bullfrog did manage to ultimately avoid the Faber fangs.However, Ezra's words do sound rather ominous, so I figure I'll enjoy this dinner and this company and get the bad news when it comes.

Finally, I dab the mouth, suppress an insistent burp, and say, "Let's have it, Ezra. Hold nothing back. There are no secrets from those here at this table."

Ezra Pickering puts his own napkin to lips and says, "Very well, Jacky, here is the state of Faber Shipping Worldwide." And with that, he reaches into his waistcoast, pulls out a paper, and passes it over to me. On it is:

The Condition of Faber Shipping Worldwide, Incorporated

As of June 6, 1809

HOLDINGS:

The Brigantine Lorelei Lee

The Schooner Nancy B. Alsop

Two Small Cutters, the Morning Star and Evening Star

Faber Shipping Headquarters, State Street, Boston, Mass.

Much Equipment-Traps, Rope, Tackle, etc.

OFFICERS:

Jacky Mary Faber, President

John Higgins, Vice President

Ezra Pickering, Esq., Treasurer and Clerk of Corporation

EMPLOYEES:

Onboard the Lorelei Lee

Liam Delaney, Captain

Ian McConnaughey, First Mate

Padraic Delaney, Second Mate

David Jones, Third Mate

Seamen rated Able: 24

Seamen rated Ordinary: 12

Ship's Boys: 3

Onboard the Nancy B. Alsop

James Tanner, Captain

Crew: Daniel Prescott, Finnbar McGee, John Thomas,

all seamen, rated Able

Jemimah Moses, Cook

OTHER STAFF:

Solomon Freeman, Fisherman in Charge of Harbor Operation

Clementine Tanner, Headquarters Housekeeper

Annetje Wemple and Rosie Moses, Chambermaids

Chloe Cantrell, Secretary to Ezra Pickering, Esq.

CASH ON HAND:

$2,704.67

ACCOUNTS PAYABLE:

Payroll this month-$1,304.77

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE:

$6,822.12

MISC. EXPENSES:

Fire Prevention and Insurance-$300.00

Domingo Marin, Delivery Charge-$50.00

"Hmmm ..." I say, scanning the paper. I lift an eyebrow. "Treasurer Pickering, eh?"

"Someone has to manage the money when you and Mr. Higgins are off saving Britannia from ruin," he says dryly.

"Quite a payroll, I must say," I murmur, continuing to read. "I trust we continue to prosper ..." Ezra does not reply to that, but only gives a discreet cough. "And Jemimah Moses is still listed as Cook? I thought she was well fixed with her share of the Santa Magdalena haul."

"Yes, she is, but she still searches the southern East Coast towns for news of her children who were sold off just before you bought her. She has reclaimed some but still searches for others. We make sure the Nancy B. puts into Charlestown on each trip so that she can check around. She figures they must be in the area and, actually, she did manage to find and to buy out her eldest daughter, Rosie, and Rosie's two young children. You see her listed there under Housekeeping Staff, and her two boys are listed as ship's boys on the Lee," says Ezra. "Plus, I think Jemimah grew bored in Boston and likes the short cruises of the Nancy B. Though she enjoys her freedom in Boston, she also likes the southern sun."

"As do I," I say, recalling some particularly harsh winters in New England. "Ummm ... And what's this accounts-receivable amount being so much bigger than the cash on hand?" I ask, with a glance to Ezra.

"Ah," he says softly, "therein lies the problem."

"Which is?" I ain't liking the sound of this one bit.

Ezra folds his soft hands and says, "You, of course, recall your scheme of bringing penniless Irish men over here onboard the Lorelei Lee to work on the many municipal projects this town has undertaken-the filling in of the Mill Pond and the Fenway works-and taking their indenture for the passage until such time as they could pay?"

"Yes?"

"Some of them are not paying," says Ezra, settling back and waiting for the explosion, which is not long in coming.

I shoot to my feet in a state of high indignation.

"What? The dogs! What have John Thomas and Smasher McGee done about that?"

"I believe those two stalwarts have done what they could in the way of gentle persuasion, but it has not proved to be enough."

"Where are they?" I say through clenched teeth, with a hint of menace in my voice.

"They are down on Hallowell's Wharf, on the Nancy B.," he says, "newly arrived from a Caribbean run. But there is something else you should know ..."

"And that is ...?" I ask with some trepidation. Geez, I step away for a year or two and everything falls apart, I swear ...

"Not everyone in this town shares your vision of a brave new American world for Irish immigrants. There are many who think the Irish should stay where they are, starving or not, and here you are bringing in boatloads of them on the Lorelei Lee."

"Yes, Jacky," says Amy, with a certain amount of primness in her voice. "You must know that some of the Irish men can be quite rowdy, especially when they are drinking, and there are those people who feel they should be more carefully controlled. There have been more than a few ... disturbances."

"And who might those people be, Sister?" I say, sitting down again but getting well steamed.

"Various churches, civic groups ... and the Boston Army for the Women's Suffrage, too. You saw our parade today, Jacky, the one in which I was marching."

"Well, they should mind their own business, and not mine," I pronounce.

"That may be true, Sister," says Amy, "but you should know the situation if you are to continue in your venture."

"But who else will do the work? The Mill Pond, the Fenway ... who?" I ask, full of righteous indignation.

"There are some of the local men who feel that jobs are being taken from them by the Irish who will work for lower wages," says Ezra.

"They didn't want the dirty jobs then, but they want them now?" I hiss.

"I think it best that you talk to Thomas and McGee, Miss Faber," replies Ezra, "as they are much closer to the street life than am I."

I stand and say, "I will now go and do that. Please believe me when I say that it is so good to see you again, my dearest friends, but I must be off to tend to business. I will be moving into my cabin on the Nancy B. It would give me great joy, Amy, if you could come join me there later, that is, if you can free yourself from the Lawson Peabody. Till later, then, as I must fly. Adieu."

"Uh-oh ... Skipper's back and she don't look happy ..."

I hear that spoken as I stride resolutely up the gangway of the Nancy B. Alsop, and, indeed, I am not pleased at all. Things that would seem to be ever so simple always seem to turn out to be not simple at all-complicated, even. I mean, what could be simpler than my old credo of, All I want is a little ship, and with that little ship I would take stuff from a place that's got a lot of that stuff and take it to a place that ain't got a lot of that same stuff, and so prosper. In this case, the "stuff" being Irish laborers. But it doesn't seem to be working out all that simple, no it doesn't. Complications, always bloody complications.

When I gain my quarterdeck, my anger fades as I gaze about at my elegant little schooner lying there all gleaming and polished, all trim and shipshape. Oh, you are so beautiful, my dear, dear Nancy. How my heart leaps to be once again upon thee! And there's Jim Tanner, saluting in his captain's rig, and I hug him to me. And there's Daniel Prescott, too-my, haven't you grown! A good foot at least! And Jemimah, dear Jemimah! Oh, please, come give me a hug!

Then I see John Thomas and Finn McGee, hanging back, and to them I give no kisses, no hugs, no, I merely say, "You two! To my cabin, NOW!"

I am seated at my desk, reveling in the familiar surroundings of my tiny but very well appointed cabin-my fine desk designed by Ephraim Fyffe, now prominent furniture maker and husband to my good friend Betsey, formerly Byrnes, now Fyffe; my lovely bed worked in against the far wall under the speaking tube, warm maple and mahogany all around. Yes, it's good to be home, I think with a sigh as I settle into my chair. It is, indeed.

My two so-called enforcers shamble shamefaced into the cabin, caps in hand and eyes cast down.

"So," I say, my gaze level and stern, "you could not handle the simple job of making indentured laborers pay for their passage?"

"It's not like that at all, Skipper," says John Thomas, twisting his cap in his big hands and looking as miserable as any schoolboy caught by Teacher, doing something wrong. "Any micks what won't pay that we can get our hands on is convinced to pay up real quick. It's gettin' our hands on 'em is the problem."

"Go on," I say, warily tapping a pencil on the edge of my desk and waiting for him to get on with it.

"Y'see, most of 'em pays up right cheerful, glad to be here and all and makin' an honest wage, and thinkin' to be sendin' for their wives and kids back in Ireland, but some lowlifes don't and they fall under the spell of this Captain Tooley what has set hisself up at Skivareen's."

"Right," says McGee, tossing in his two cents. "He kicked out the old landlord and set hisself up as boss. There's tons of rooms in that dirty hole and he takes the scofflaws in and tells 'em they don't have to pay back no Jacky Faber who deceived and cheated 'em, as long as they sticks with him and buys drinks at his bar."

"Right, and fights for him against the other gangs," echoes John Thomas. "So we can't even get in at the buggers."

"Right, and the place is usually a riot every night, too. He's got a mix of both low-life bogtrotters and native scum. And some right tough henchmen always at his side."

"All right, pull up a chair, lads, and sit down." Apparently this is a tale that will be long in telling, and I have made them squirm enough.

The two gratefully grab chairs and sit down in them, happy to be at least partly forgiven for their failure to jerk the money out of the deadbeats.

"Y'see, Miss, they ain't like regular gangs of thugs, decent criminals like, no. They puts on airs like they be noble firefighting crews, like Tooley's bunch is called The Free Men's Fire Company Number One, but the word is, mum, that they set more fires than they puts out."

"The police?" I ask, already suspecting the answer.

"You can find Constable Wiggins at Skivareen's bar every night, drinkin' for free ... His fat old lady, too," says McGee. "And they say the Mayor is in Tooley's pocket, also."

Ah, Sin and Corruption. I guess this is what makes the world go 'round, and I reckon I shouldn't be surprised ...

"Aye," says John Thomas. "And they sells in-shure-ance, too, which means they won't set your place afire if you signs up with them and pays the hefty fees."

Hmmm ... Insurance, another word for extortion.

"And the other gangs?"

John Thomas leans in, all earnest, and says, "There's the Sons of Boston Firehouse, run by a Captain Warren, over on Winter Street in the East End, all local men who purely hate the Irish. They tried to recruit me, but I would have none of it. No, I got but one loyalty, and that is to Faber Shipping."

I reward him with a warm smile and a nod of thanks.

"They sure didn't try to recruit me, not with my name," says Finnbar McGee. "But I did sign up with a new company formin' up in the Fourth Ward. Irish only. Called the Shamrock Hose, Ladder and Pump."

"Oh, and who's in charge of that fine pack of micks?"

"Feller named Arthur McBride. Ever heard of him?"

Oh, Lord ...

I sit and think for a moment on all this information, and then I stand. They look at me expectantly.

"Let's go, lads."

"Where we goin', Skipper?"

"Get your clubs, boys, we're going to Skivareen's."

I knew Skivareen's was a low dive back a couple of years ago when Gully MacFarland, deep in thrall to French absinthe, tried to pimp me out to a bunch of scumbag sailors, and it sure ain't got any better looking. There's garbage in the street outside and the Skivareen's sign above the doorway just shows a poorly drawn mug of ale in a grubby paw. There's a board propped up outside that says ...

The Free Men's Fire and Insurance Company

Captain P. Tooley, Pres.

I put my foot to the door of Skivareen's and kick it open, with Thomas and McGee at my side, belaying pins in hand and grim expressions on their faces.

The interior is smoky and dark and smells of dank mildew, old vomit, and piss. As I stride in and my eyes become accustomed to the gloom, I see that, sure enough, there's Constable Wiggins standing at the bar, Goody Wiggins beside him.

"Well, well," says Wiggins, "look at this. If it ain't our wicked little schoolgirl, back on my turf." His beady little eyes peer out at me through the folds of his fat cheeks.

"My business ain't with you, copper," I say, slipping into the rougher way of talkin' as it seems fitting to this place. "Where's this Captain Tooley character? He's been hiding some blokes what owe me money and I means to have both the blokes and the money. Now."

"Why, the gentleman is right over there in the great room, dearie," says Wiggins, coming over to stand in front of me. "You can't miss him. He's the big fellow with the beard. But leave yer men here." Wiggins has his truncheon in his fist and he slaps it against his palm. There are a number of other men at the bar, and I know who they'll fight for if it comes to a ruckus.

"One wrong move, little schoolgirl, from you or your men, and I'll have you up before Judge Thwackham again, and then you'll keep your appointment with my whipping post. I owes you a dozen with my rod. It's been a long time coming, but I got a feelin' it's gonna happen soon." Goody chortles into her beer, as if laughing at some private joke.

I nod to my lads-Stay here, boys, come to me if I call-and march into the next room with murder on my mind. There I receive one of the greater shocks of my life, for at a long table against the far wall, seated in squalid grandeur, is none other than ...

"Pigger!" I gasp. "Pigger O'Toole! No! It cannot be!"

At his side is a slattern I knew from before as Glory Wholey, a prostitute so down and dirty Mrs. Bodeen wouldn't think of letting her into her well-run brothel up on State Street, and around him are about a dozen toughs, at the table or leaning against the wall. They all gaze at me as I enter.

"Well, well," says Pigger, upon seeing me. "Could that be our own Little Mary from dear old Cheapside? Why, bless my soul, I believe 'tis. Ye've turned out to be a right trim little piece o' ass, Mary, ye have. Come 'ere and give yer old friend Pigger a kiss." He licks his thick lips and grins a big toothy smile at me.

"A kiss?" I hiss, and immediately fall back into the old way o' talkin'. "Iffen I had brought me pistols, Pigface, which I wish I had, I'd be puttin' a bullet inta yer ugly face right now!" Pigger sure ain't got no prettier.

"And ye'd hang for that, f'sure," says Pigger, complacently picking up his glass and taking a swig. "Ye noticed Constable Wiggins on yer way in here? Yes? Good friend to me, he is. Real good."

"Last I heard o' you, Pigger, you was runnin' wi' a freak show up in Liverpool, doin' a geek act, bitin' the heads off live chickens," I snarls, "and pouring the blood from their necks down yer throat, you miserable piece of-"

"She shouldn't be talkin' to you that way, Cappy," pipes up Glory. "She-"

"My, my," says Pigger to me, seemingly unperturbed. "You all rigged up proper and pretty enough in a scrawny sort of way, but you still got that mouth, don't you? Have to do sumthin' about that, won't we?"

"I got rid of you once before, Pigger, and I'll do it again, mark me," I promise, well steamed.

Pigger settles back and reaches out to a plate of what looks to be fried pork skins and shoves a big greasy hunk into his maw.

"I don't go by Pigger no more," he says around that particularly disgusting mouthful, "now that I've gone all respectable. It's Captain Percy Tooley now, man of business: fire control and insurance."

"Respectable cannibal, you means, you squattin' there and eatin' what is prolly the sorry remains of your own piggy mother's belly fat," I say as I spin around and look over the crowd of lowlifes spread around the room.

"Now, is that any way to talk to an old friend," asks Pigger, with no pretense of a smile. "Why don't you sit yer ass down in that chair and have a drink on me and we'll talk over the good old times we had back in lovely Cheapside?"

"I don't want none o' yer swill, Pigger. What I wants is me money."

As I run my eyes over those in the room, I can tell by the look on some of them that they're pure bog Irish.

I recognize them as the usual drunken scum-suckin' batch of bottom feeders, but one man stands out-if he is indeed a man. He sits alone, in front of a bowl of burnt-out matchsticks, off to the right of Pigger. He is small, but he is not a child. Oh no, for beneath his shock of white hair he has the grinning face of a wizened goblin. He strikes yet another match and gazes rapturously into the flame. When it burns down to his fingers, he drops it into the bowl with the others, where it burns itself out.

I tear my eyes away from the creature and single out another man, one who looks profoundly stupid but appears, at least, to be sane.

"You there!" I call out, pointing at him. "How did you get to this country?"

"Oi come across on the Blue Anchor Line."

"My name is Jacky Faber and I own the Blue Anchor Line. Have you paid me for your passage, as contracted?"

"Captain here says I don't have to pay 'cause the food was bad and the ship was sloppy and badly sailed. Was sick the whole time, I was."

"The Lorelei Lee is the finest ship on the Atlantic and you were treated better than you have ever been in your life, you miserable bogtrotter, yet you go back on your word. Have you no sense of honor?"

"But Captain says-"

"I don't care what this mound of putrid flesh says," I says, pointing a stiff finger at the man's nose. "I have your indenture and indentures can be sold. I have men, strong men, at my command, and they can take you and bind you and send you to places that are not as cool and pleasant as this. Do you know that not all the slaves in this world are black?" The man is starting to look uncomfortable, darting glances in Pigger's direction, plainly looking for backup, as I continue. "How'd you like to chop sugarcane in Louisiana under the broiling sun? How'd you like to be sold off to Tripoli? Lots of blue-eyed slaves there, I hear, and I know where the slave markets are. And I got contacts there, I do, and they'll take all the action I can give 'em!"

Many in the crowd are looking mighty uneasy as I conclude. "And of course you know, lads, the Arabs and Persians castrate their male slaves 'fore they set 'em to work in the fields. Keeps 'em off the womenfolk. Hurts like hell, I hear. Course it wouldn't worry me none, not having any balls to cut off, but you gents ..."

This gets Pigger out of his chair.

"Now, you men don't listen to her. She's just a jumped-up little tart with two leaky boats and maybe twenty men. With you and other upright lads behind me, I've got over a hundred, and I've got political connections, too, as you well know," he says with a smirk in the direction of the bar where sits Constable Wiggins. "And he ain't the only one."

Pigger lowers his voice and says to me, "No, he sure ain't the only one. In fact, I got this whole town in me pocket, and I think you're pure out o' luck, Little Bloody Mary, so get used to it. Now get yer ass out of here 'fore I call in the copper to arrest you for trespass and malicious slander."

Fuming, I turn on my heel and say, "This ain't over, Pigger, not by a long shot!"

Pigger laughs as I go. "Y'know, I knew you had somehow got real big in these parts. Y'know what else I know?"

"What, Pigger, do you know 'cept for the fact you're a greasy low scoundrel what ain't worth a bucket of warm spit?" I say, pausing at the doorway.

"I know that little Polly Von is in town, too. You remember her? Pretty, pretty, little Polly Von. Member o' your Rooster Charlie Gang? Actress, she is now. I seen her. She's good. You come up lookin' all right, but she is somethin' else in the way o' beauty. Sure wouldn't mind gettin' close to her again, no I wouldn't ..."

I storm out of Skivareen's, my mind seething. Randall Trevelyne is off on the Chesapeake as a Marine lieutenant, while his Polly is back here all alone. Damn!

You lay one grubby finger on Polly, Pigger, and I swear I'll cut that finger off and stuff it up your nose!

Chapter 3

"And here, Miss," says Ezra Pickering, leaning over his desk and handing me a document, "is the duly executed and registered deed to the establishment known as the Pig and Whistle, the ground thereunder, and the adjacent property. You now own a down-on-its-heels tavern. And a barn, and the place in which we now stand. As to the wisdom of those investments, Lady Landlord, I will not attest."

"Missy Memsahib very important person," says Ravi from his perch on my lap. "Many papers, much confusion."

"We'll see about that, Ravi," says Ezra ominously, "when we get to the bottom line."

I had picked Ravi up at his school soon after I had landed, the academic year being over. All schools, be they grammar or college, fear the yellow fever, and free their students for the warm months, in hopes that they might survive till the fall session. Ravi, of course, was ecstatic upon seeing me again, and me him. His headmaster pronounced him an excellent student ... "He is a very bright lad. He had a bit of trouble with the other boys when he first arrived, but his essential goodness eventually won them all over. Of course, the girls all love him, and as regards the rather jealous boys, well, apparently he had learned some handy survival skills in the place where he grew up. I look forward to seeing him again in the fall. Good day, Miss. I remand him into your custody."

Yes, Sir, the streets of Bombay are every bit as harsh as those of Cheapside.

I take the papers and give them a brief look-over. Fuss, fuss, legal fuss, and more fuss, but all is in order, of course. Thank you, Ezra.

"Well then, we must get to work on the place, mustn't we?" I say, very pleased with myself. "I believe the carpenters are on their way, hammers and saws in hand, even as we speak."

We are in the new and bigger offices of Faber Shipping Worldwide, attending to business. It is a fine, three-story brick building at 143 State Street and overlooks the harbor. My maroon, black, and gold sign hangs above the entrance, and some of my people are already living there.

I had directed Ezra to find me a suitable office building, close to him but separate ... because I've got plans. He was delighted to do so for I suspect he's tired of Faber Shipping trash like Thomas and McGee hanging around his office, scaring away customers. He found for me this splendid place in no time at all.

The second floor is divided up into four apartments, one of which is occupied by Jim Tanner and family, while the third floor is a wide-open loft and attic that I intend to turn into an art studio for myself, and perhaps conduct classes in beginning drawing and painting there. I shall call it the Lorelei Academy of Art. After all, I have studied under Mr. Peet of the Lawson Peabody School for Young Girls, as well as in the studio of Senor Francisco Goya, Spanish artist of great fame, so I do have the proper credentials. I shall teach the classes when I am in town, and when I am not, hey, good artists are a dime a dozen and they work cheap.

The first floor, of course, houses the corporate offices, the front room being a well-lighted space containing a polished wooden counter facing the door, with open ledgers upon it, and inkwells and pens all about for the taking of shipping orders and conducting other such business, Chloe Cantrell, presiding. A painting of the Lorelei Lee in full sail, done by a Mr. Peale, adorns one wall, and one of the Nancy B. Alsop rests on the other. There is a bronze plaque below each with the artist's name and title of the picture, and I like them both a lot. Good job, Mr. Peale. I rather like your work.

There are private offices in the back, and it is there that I sit with Ezra Pickering, going over the finances.

As we proceed through the seemingly endless stack of papers, Clementine Tanner appears with a tray of tea and cakes. I murmur my thanks as she pours, and we exchange significant glances. We have a history, Clementine and I, concerning an event-filled trip we both took down the Mississippi River not too long ago. She has recently been delivered of a fine baby boy, named James, of course ... after his father.

As Clementine leaves the room, Ezra sits back and continues. "As Treasurer of Faber Shipping Worldwide, Incorporated, as well as Clerk of Records, may I ask what you intend to do?"

"Well, first I intend to get the Pig back into the pink of condition-new paint all around, new varnish on the tables and bar, nice overhead racks for the mugs and wineglasses. The small stage will be expanded and elevated, the floors sanded and primed. Some small stained-glass panels will be installed in the outside walls to let in a bit more light, and the exterior will be given a bit of a brush up in the way of new clapboards. The upstairs will be converted into modest living quarters for Maudie and Bob, as well as a suite for myself. Additionally, there will be six rooms up there to house responsible patrons and travelers."

"And the barn next door?" probes Ezra, an eyebrow cocked, his knowing smile in place.

"As for that, I intend to convert it into a theater, a playhouse, for the performance of various theatricals. Since the Haymarket Theater was torn down two years ago, there has been scant venue for such things around town, and I think the cultural life of Boston suffers for it. As soon as it is completed, we shall stage a musical revue-songs performed by Solomon Freeman, Enoch Lightner, and myself. And, of course, fine poetry and stories, and a staging of my playlet, The Villain Pursues Constant Maiden, or Fair Virtue in Peril."

"It seems the cultural tone of our fair city has just gone up a notch," says Ezra Pickering.

I decide to ignore the dryness in his tone and continue.

"After that, we have more ambitious plans in train ..."

"We ... ?"

"Messrs. Fennell and Bean are, of course, very excited at the notion of our own theater. The dear old hams could scarce contain themselves," I say. "'Oh, my dear Mr. Fennell, will it not be the most wonderful thing!'" I mimic. "'Oh, yes, Mr. Bean, it shall outshine the venerable Globe Theatre itself! We shall do Volpone, Lear ... Oh, yes, and Herr Mozart's Abduction from the Seraglio! The possibilities are endless!'"

"One can never fault that pair of thespians for lack of enthusiasm, that's for sure."

"True, and I have a few projects in mind, as well."

"Ummm. And who is in charge of this modest project?"

"Ephraim Fyffe, a fine furniture maker and husband of my dear friend Betsey, is the foreman, and I trust him absolutely."

Ezra regards me silently for a moment and then says, "You know, Jacky, I have observed that you are very good at making money ... garnering riches ... improving your state, as it were. Remarkable, considering that you are a lone, underage female."

"I have been very lucky," I say with a sniff. "God looks out for the very young and the very stupid, as the saying goes."

I know that both of us are thinking of the enormous fortune of gold I had brought up from the wreck of the Santa Magdalena, a Spanish treasure galleon sunk off Key West in the Caribbean, most of which I had turned over to the British Crown, but a good deal of which I redirected into the coffers of Faber Shipping.

Another musing hmmm from Ezra before he goes on.

"I have further observed that you are even better at spending the money you have collected. For instance, there is the purchase of the Lorelei Lee, the new office headquarters ... the fact that Mr. Higgins has a fine house in Cambridge, as do David and Annie Jones on Cornwell Street. Jemimah Moses continues to buy her children and grandchildren out of slavery. John Tinker is thinking of a ship of his own, and Jim Tanner and Clementine ... well, the list is long. I, myself, am well fixed, too," he says, touching the jeweled stickpin adorning his silk cravat, a token of that little trip to the waters off Key West.

"I believe in rewarding my friends," I say, "whom I find very valuable."

"Be that as it may, Miss, I must report that there is a bottom to the Faber Shipping barrel. And now with the purchase of the Pig ..."

"The Pig shall pay his way, I assure you."

"I am sure of that," says Ezra, "but I beg you to consider putting an end to expenditures and a moratorium on any more hires."

"All right, Ezra," I say, wearily. "Consider it done ... What else?"

"May I point out a few things under expenditures?"

"Please do," I say, sitting back, a mite grumpy.

"First, you'll note the sum of fifty dollars given to Domingo Marin, Spanish sailor, as promised by a note from you, yourself."

"Wot? I never met the lyin' sod and I never promised him nothin'!"

"Oh, you've never met him, but he did deliver." With that, Ezra reaches down and pulls up a very worn green glass bottle and places it on the desk. "Does 'Message in a Bottle' ring a bell?"

I recognize it instantly-it is the bottle from the Bloodhound-from that time we, the kidnapped and probably doomed girls of the Lawson Peabody School for Young Girls, all crouched about each other in the gloomy Pit, had penciled little notes to our parents or loved ones on what little paper we had on hand. I then rolled them all up and stuffed them in the bottle, with instructions to the finder on top. We pounded in the cork good and tight, covered the top in candle wax, and then I snuck out and dropped it overboard and into the drink with all our best wishes.

"You can well imagine the tearful reading of those poignant notes when the families were gathered about to hear them read. Yes, there were grateful tears all around. Except for Clarissa Howe's-I hear her request asking her father that she be present at the hanging of Bartholomew Simon was granted. Tears were shed at that occasion, I'm sure, but you may be assured they were only those of that very regretful slaver, and not those of our Miss Howe. I am sure it gave the wretched man an added dose of pain to see her smiling down below, the tables being indeed well turned," concludes Ezra.

"You, of course, were off at sea. Here is your note."

He hands me the folded piece of paper. It is a bit water stained, but it is remarkably intact. I unfold and read:

Dear Jaimy,

Remember that girl you said you liked and wanted to marry but you thought was drowned in a boat accident? Well, she didn't. I'm still alive and kicking at this time. If you get this without seeing me, though, you'll know our plan of escape failed and I am either passed on or am in some sultan's harem, dressed in veils and baggy pants and smoking a hookah.

Ha-ha. Just kidding. Really, Jaimy, if I don't come back, I hope you have a happy life and will think of me sometimes, fondly. I am, your girl always,

Jacky

I carefully fold the note and put it in my bodice. "I shall read it to him when next we meet," I say, brushing away a tear.

"I wish you both the joy of that happy occasion," says Ezra, collecting his papers and putting them in order. "Now, what do you intend to do with the rest of this fine day?"

I stand and say, "I am going to see one Arthur McBride up in the Fourth Ward and find out what the rascal is up to. Then Amy Trevelyne and I are off to Dovecote for several days. Pity you cannot join us. I know Amy will not be pleased, even if she will not show it."

"Alas," he says, also rising, "but duty calls and I am due in court in the morning."

"Then I bid you adieu, Ezra," I say. "And thank you for all you do for me. We shall see you upon our return."

"I look forward to that time, Miss," say Ezra, a smile playing across his face. "But I must tell you one more thing ..."

"And that is?" I ask. Surely there cannot be any more surprises in this day.

"In regards to this Arthur McBride you are going to see ..."

"Yes?"

"If you remember the financial statement I gave you, the one you barely scanned?"

I don't bother to respond, but only give him a level look.

"Under miscellaneous expenditures I put three hundred dollars for fire prevention and insurance ..."

"And ..."

"That was to buy Arthur McBride and his Shamrock Hose, Ladder, and Pump Company his water wagon, pump, and two horses to haul it all."

"WHAT!"

"I thought it wise, and I believe you will, too, Jacky, as things play out," says Ezra. "Things are going to get very hot around here, Miss, no mistake about that."

Chapter 4

"So, boyo, you have set yourself up as a respectable man of business, I hear," I say as I stroll into the side yard of Number 18 Middle Street, wherein sits a highly polished copper-bound cylindrical tank set on a four-wheel carriage. Standing at its side, a gleaming brass hat on his head and shiny speaking trumpet in his hand, is none other than Arthur McBride, late of County Wexford, Ireland, and a former crew member of both my Emerald and my Lorelei Lee. He is a seasoned sailor as well as a complete rascal, but I must admit I feel a certain deep affection for the merry rogue. He has always brought me cheer, that's for sure.

"Jacky! My own true love!" he exults, spreading wide his arms and smiling the old McBridian grin-he has a slight gap between his two front teeth, which gives him the look of a rather impish leprechaun. "Praise Saint Patrick, Saint Brendan, and all the lesser saints! Your lovely self is back! Come give your Arthur McBride a kiss!"

Laughing, I let myself be folded into his arms, but the kiss he aims at my lips I take on my cheek.

"Enough of that, Arthur," I say, freeing myself from his grasp. Several of his lads stand about, polishing brass and plainly enjoying the exchange.

"Boys!" he shouts. "This is the renowned Jacky Faber, famous in legend and song, here to lend us her grace and charm that we might be happy and blessed in her reflected glory for a while up on this earth!"

They hoot and applaud, and I give a sheepish low curtsy in return. The lad does have a way with words.

"Now, Jacky," he says, taking my left hand and gazing upon it, "I am glad to see no wedding ring resting on that fair finger. Does that mean you are still fair game, then? In the way of seduction, I mean?"

"I know what you mean, Arthur McBride, you dog, but you shall have none of me nor any of my rather dubious charms for I am still promised to one James Emerson Fletcher, with whom, I believe, you are acquainted? Hmmm?"

He frowns. "Him again. Should've coldcocked him and thrown him overboard back on that cursed Cerberus when I had the chance."

"I heard a rather different story, boyo, somethin' about a bare-knuckle fight over who'd be captain of that ship after the mutiny? Hmmm?"

"Awright, so he won that one, and more power to 'im, as it was a fair fight. So where is Mr. Fletcher now?"

"He was in Burma, but he might be back here soon."

"Worse luck." Arthur sighs. "But anyway, come in, love, and let me show you our fine firehouse."

As we go to enter the building, I notice a cut-out wooden shamrock, painted green, next to a shingle that proclaims, rather crudely, The Shamrock Hose, Ladder and Pump Co. I put my forefinger on the shamrock and ask, "What's this, then?"

"That," he says, opening the door for me, "is the sign we put on the front of every building that is under our kind protection. It says to all that we will protect that dwelling or business with our very lives, and-"

"And ... ?"

"And to warn the other bastards away from promisin' the same thing," he says, no longer smiling quite as wide.

We go inside. There is a table with chairs along the side, some cabinets, a kitchen area with sink, and a rack running along the back wall with glistening copper helmets hanging thereupon. In the center, curiously, there is a shiny metal pole extending up into a large hole in the ceiling, through which it disappears into the gloom.

"Ain't it just the finest thing? The lads have their bunks up there, and when we hear the alarm bell, we slide down the pole and we're off like a flash to do our duty. The horses are harnessed and ready to go at any time, and I swear the brutes love the smell of a fire."

He pulls out a chair and I put myself in it. I notice a steaming kettle of tea resting on the stove.

"Yes, Arthur, it seems you have set yourself up very well," I say with a certain edge to my voice, "considering it was on my dime that you did it."

"Ah, my love, you shall not regret the investment, as all your property and your own dear self shall be under my protection."

"Ummm," I murmur doubtfully. "And how's your love life, Mr. Fire Chief McBride?" I ask, sniffing at the air in the place.

"What?" he replies, seemingly mystified. "You know you are the only girl who walks this earth that I want, dear. I worship the very ground on which you walk; I bless the grass that bends beneath thy dainty foot."

"Right." I snort in disbelief and then raise my voice. "You, girl! Up there! Come down and get your guest a cup of tea. I know from old acquaintance that this here Arthur McBride has the manners of a rabid badger, but are ye poured from the same mold?"

There is a flutter of skirts and a young girl comes sliding down the pole, legs wrapped below, hands on the shiny surface above. When she lands, she tries a small curtsy.

"This is Molly," says McBride, a bit sheepishly. "Molly, this is the renowned Miss Jacky Faber, famous in legend and song."

"Yer servant, mum," she mumbles. She is a smallish girl, pretty, with auburn curls falling about her freckled face.

"Is that Mrs. Molly McBride, then?" I ask, knowing the answer.

"No, Miss, it's just Molly Malone," she says, going to fetch the tea. "He has not yet made an honest woman of me." She gives Arthur a level glance on that.

"Ah, and so the world goes, Molly," I say in sympathy. "The boys always get their way, don't they?"

She smiles and gives me a wink that somehow says, And sometimes we get our way, don't we? Saucy girl, I'm thinkin'.

"How did you know she was up there?" asks Arthur.

"One, I know you for a randy dog who can't keep his business tucked in his pants. And number two, I have a nose and I can smell perfume. Jasmine, is it? Ah, yes, you would have brought back a good stock of that from the Far East, wouldn't you, Arthur, so's you could lay waste to the female hearts of Boston. And on my own dear Lorelei Lee, no doubt?" When I am around the Irish, I cannot help but fall into their musical way of talkin'.

He gives a helpless shrug. "The ladies, they have their demands on poor Arthur McBride. I am but putty in their lovely hands."

"Enough with the blarney," I say, putting my nose into the teacup Molly has set before me. "How come you're not on the Lorelei Lee with the decent lads?"

"Och. Liam Delaney, the captain of your fine ship, cannot stand the sight of me, and I ain't got much use for him, neither. He thinks I was the one what caused Mairead, Ian, and the rest of the lot to be sent off to Botany Bay. Not true, but there's no talkin' to the man. So here he is, poor Arthur McBride, cast ashore in a strange land, but still, captain of his own brave company o' stalwarts, for all that."

"Can't say I blame him," I says. "I'd have thrown you off, too. But now tell me of these 'other bastards' to which you refer."

"Well, there's two other companies. That fat pig Tooley's so-called Free Men's down at Skivareen's. He's got two pump wagons, a whole bunch o' uglies, and the Constable on his payroll."

"I know all about that lump o' rancid lard-he and I go way back. Don't worry, I'll settle his greasy hash, count on it."

"And there's Captain Bluenose Warren and his crew of locals. The Sons of Boston, they call themselves, resentful of anyone what ain't come over on the bleedin' Mayflower. They've got the rich nobs on their side, they do, and that gang o' harpies in the Boston Army for Women's Suffrage ain't got no use for us fine Irish lads, neither."

Just then, the door flies open and a man yells, "Captain! The call! It's over on Beacon Street!"

McBride is up on his feet and out the door. From outside, I can hear the faint clang of a bell ringing down in the town ... clang, clang, clang ... clang, clang, clang ... repeated over and over.

"It's our signal!" exclaims Molly, as she, too, runs out the door. "One of ours is burnin'!"

I follow her outside and find that the horses are already in harness and the men are clambering aboard running boards that are attached to the sides. Arthur McBride is on the high seat up forward with the reins in his hand, a helmeted man to either side of him, ready to go. There are ladders hung along the length of the pump wagon on each side, and to the one nearest me I go, seeing that there is no more room on the running boards.

I put my foot on it and pull myself up and clamber over the tank and straddle it, right behind the filler. Seeing Molly below, I reach down a hand, she grabs it, and I pull her up behind me.

"Hang on, Molly Malone!" I shout as the gate is opened and we charge out, our own bell clanging furiously.

We charge down Middle Street, then careen onto Hanover, up on two wheels on that turn, then down Sudbury and on to Tremont Street, and then finally to Beacon. We thunder down past Hancock Street, and then past-oh, my!-the Lawson Peabody School for Young Girls, looming up all grand to our right. Dimly, I perceive faces at the window as we roar past, intent on our mission.

Uh-oh ...

Rattling past the school, we can see, up ahead, a thin plume of black smoke snaking up to the sky.

"There it is, boys," shouts Arthur McBride. "It's on Charles Street! Swing her right!"

The wagon veers around the corner and pulls up in front of a freestanding cottage, from the top windows of which issue great columns of smoke.

"Get up some pressure!" calls Arthur, and four men start on the pump and soon the hose starts to swell. "Ladders! Against the side! Up to that window!"

He points to an open window on the second story and as he does, a woman's face appears, contorted in great terror. She clutches a small girl to her breast.

I swing my leg over the side and head for the door on the ground floor.

"We gotta get 'em out!" I shout.

"No, Jacky! Stop! We'll get 'em with the ladder! Stand back! Don't open that door! Let us do it!"

I step back as the Shamrock Company's hose begins to pour great gouts of water through a window close to the distraught woman's side. Arthur McBride is the first one up the ladder, and he takes the child in his arms and hands her squalling form down to another man. Then he reaches for the mother and hauls her out. She is overcome with the smoke and gasping and unable to speak, but her child, below her on the ladder, cries, "Josie's still in there! She ran down the stairs!"

Oh, God, no! There's another poor soul in there!

The bottom of the stairs can only be through that door, and through that door I plunge. I find myself in a smoke-filled hallway with a kitchen to the left and ... There! That must be the door to the stairway to the upper floor!

I pull up the front of my skirt to cover my nose and mouth against the choking smoke and lunge for the door handle. Jerking it open, I feel a great roaring wind about me.

There at the foot of the bottom step lies Josie, all white and not moving. I grab her by the scruff of her neck and haul her out, slamming the door and shutting off that hellish backdraft. That's why Arthur didn't want me to open the door-it acted like the open flue on a furnace! Damn!

I stagger through the outer door with Josie in my arms and suck in great gulps of good, clean air.

"Oh, Mommy, Josie's dead!" screams the little girl upon seeing me and my limp burden. "Josie's dead!" The mother herself is stretched out on the ground with Molly Malone kneeling beside her, wiping her face with a cool wet cloth, and does not hear her daughter's cries.

My chest bucks as I cough, clearing my lungs of the awful smoke, as I lift Josie up and clamp my hand around her snout, holding her jaws together. Then I put my mouth over the puppy's nose and blow. My other hand cradles her chest and I feel it expand. I squeeze to expel the air therein, and then blow again and squeeze again ... and again ... and again.

I despair, but then the dog's eyes suddenly pop open and she coughs, then sneezes ... then sneezes again, spraying my face with a fine mist. She starts to struggle in my hands.

After passing the panting Josie off to her young mistress, who wraps her arms about the dog and buries her face in its fur, her face a mask of tears and joyous relief, I look about.

Arthur and his boys are deep in the interior of the building, and I hear the sound of axes rending away burning timbers, shouts of warning, and the constant gush of the water pouring out of the tank car. I see that many people have gathered about, some to help, some not, and I am aware of a wagon that has pulled up close to the action.

On the driver's seat sits Pigger O'Toole, his helmet on his head and Glory Wholey by his side. In the back sits the little white-haired man I saw at Skivareen's earlier today. He ain't lighting matches now, no, he's just lookin' up at the smoking wreck of the house with a look of complete rapture on his thin face. Pigger looks down on me, grinning.

"Just saw you suckin' that dog's nose," says Pigger. "My, my ... and you callin' my Glory here dirty? That ain't right, Little Mary. Earlier today I gave you the offer of a kiss, but now, with your mouth full o' dog snot, I don't know. I might find it ... distasteful. What you think, Glory?"

"I think she's a little snot-mouthed uppity bitch what's gonna get hers if I ever catch her alone," says Glory Hole, without much merriment in her voice.

"Glory, dear, so nice to see you again," I say, all cheerily, "and in the finest of company, too."

Glory Wholey's face turns bright red and she seems ready to launch herself at me, but she thinks better of it as I pull my shiv from my sleeve and hold it up in front of my face, the sunlight glinting off its razor-sharp blade.

"Fat Pigger there can tell you that I'm a Cockney from Cheapside," I say with a smile, "and we fight real dirty there."

She gets my point and settles herself back down, fuming. She gives Pigger a poke in the side as if she expects some defense of her honor, but instead he raises his voice and says to the crowd in general, "I am sure all of you good people know that the damage to this poor dwelling would have been far less had that silly green symbol not been pinned to the side o' the house ..." He points to the shamrock. "Tsk, tsk! No, best stick with the Free Men's Fire and Insurance Company, for the best fire protection ... and prevention."

The little white-haired man in back explodes into giggles over his boss's words, but his eyes never leave the burned-out building, out of which steps a soot-covered Arthur McBride. He sees Pigger and company and comes over.

"Get out of here, Tooley. You ain't wanted here."

"Why, Captain," says Pigger with a wide grin. "We just stopped by to see if we could help out a fellow firefighter."

"Help?" Arthur spits a black gob of spittle on the ground in front of the wagon. "Is that why you brought yer whore and yer looney instead of yer water wagon?"

"You be careful just who you slanders, Captain," warns Pigger, his grin still in place as he chucks his team and rolls off.

"I know the two up top, Arthur, but what is the thing in the back?" I ask.

"He's known as Pyro Johnny, and he is a dirty piece of work, for sure. He's holed up at Skivareen's with the rest of Tooley's crew. People 'round here hire him to burn brush and garbage, but the word is he sets other fires, too." Arthur looks significantly at the smoldering house. "This fire could have started in the kitchen below, but it could have been Pyro's work just as easy. Look at him, Jacky, he can't get enough of this."

Pigger's wagon is about to disappear around the corner, but the little man has moved to the back of the cart, still staring at the fire scene, his hands gripped on the sides, his eyes shining.

"Why hasn't he been sent to a lunatic asylum, then? Or hanged?"

"Because Constable Fat Ass Wiggins would have to be the one to arrest him, and you know the name of that tune, don't you?" says McBride. He looks me up and down, his white toothy grin splitting the black of his face. Then he says, his mind no longer on Wiggins, "So, our Saint Jacky of Assisi today risks her own dear skin to rescue and breathe the air of life back into a mongrel dog. Such a thing, it fair tears me heart out."

I give a bit of a sniff. "Someone once did that same thing for me and I felt I should pass it on."

He laughs and turns to his men. "We're done here, lads. Patsy, Dougie, fill some buckets and stick around and watch for flare-ups. Rest o' you, let's go-we gotta refill in case Pyro makes some more work for us."

The woman of the house is being taken away, weeping, by friends and relatives. Her little girl tags along, her puppy bouncing by her side. The ladders are stowed and secured and I put my foot on one of them and regain my perch on top of the pump. Molly comes up behind me and wraps her arms about my waist, the men cling to the sides, the team is turned, and we head off, back down Beacon Street.

Again we approach the Lawson Peabody School for Young Girls, but this time a black-clad figure leaves the front porch where she has obviously been standing, waiting for our return, to advance to the middle of the street, right arm upraised, palm forward. Arthur reins in the horses and we come to a halt. The person says nothing, but only points to me and then points to a spot in front of her.

With a sigh, I climb down and go to the spot and curtsy, as best as I can, given my soot-streaked face and dress.

"My office, Miss Faber," she says, then turns away.

"Yes, Mistress," I say with a certain amount of resignation in my voice. I wave the others on, for they must fill their pump and I am not far from the Nancy B., which is where I intend to stay this night. They wave and clatter off and I follow Headmistress Amanda Pimm into the Lawson Peabody.

I enter her office, as I have done so many times before, in a state of disarray, and put my toes on the white line, once more a schoolgirl. I resist the impulse to flip up my skirts and lay my upper body across the desk, ready to receive punishment.

"So, Miss Faber, where have you been?" asks Mistress, her mouth set, her gaze level. "Explain."

And I do.

I tell her of France and Napoleon and the battles I have seen, of the legions of the dead lying on the ground, of Newgate and the South China Sea and the Lorelei Lee and Cheng Shih and Chopstick Charlie and the Duke of Clarence and ...

In the middle of it I am interrupted and allowed into Mistress's washroom to rinse the soot from my face and hands while she sends out for tea. When I return, we sit at a small table and the tea is brought.

... and King George III and General Wellesley and Portugal and Francisco Goya and Spanish guerillas and the Romani ... and ... and ...

And eventually I tell it all, more or less coherently. I sit back in my chair, both physically and spiritually exhausted. It has been a very long day.

Mistress thinks for a while on what I have said, then says, "Remarkable. Truly remarkable." She looks me over. "You are not in a fit condition to take dinner with my girls. Plus you seem very tired. However, we are having graduation next week, it also being the end of the term, and I invite you to attend, as I am sure many of your classmates would enjoy seeing you there. Will you come?"

"Yes, Mistress, I would like that very much."

"Good. You are excused, Miss Faber."

When I climb back aboard the Nancy B., still streaked and sooty, Jemimah doesn't say a word but merely stokes up the kitchen stove and sets kettles of water on it to heat for my bath. In a short while, I am in it.

Ahhhhh ...

As I lie back in my beautiful little brass-bound copper tub made especially for me and my small size, I reflect that this is my first real bath in a long time-one in a tub, anyway-not since I was a member of Francisco Goya's studio, and then I had a circle of artists about the tub, drawing me as I lolled in the suds. Of course, after I joined King Zoltan's caravan of Romani, Medca and Lala and I and the rest of the unmarried girls bathed frequently in the rivers and streams along the banks where the gypsy caravan camped. As for my way over the Big Pond to here aboard the Margaret Todd, there was certainly no lolling about in a tub. One does not take full baths on a merchantman crossing the Atlantic, not when one is a girl posing as a male seaman.

Mmmmm ...

I wallow in sinful pleasure for a long time, while Jemimah rustles up some grub for the two of us. Daniel Prescott is the only other one onboard, and he is out on watch, already well fed.

When I finally get out, leaving the water a lot grayer than I usually do, I dry myself and get into my nightdress, and then Jemimah and I sit at the long mess table and share a companionable meal-cold chicken, hot rice, and biscuits with gravy. Mmmmm ...

I tell Jemimah of some of my travels and, in particular, my encounter with Brother Bullfrog when I was starving back in Spain, as I think she would enjoy the telling of it ...

Hello, Brother Bullfrog. How you been? I said to the frog. The bullfrog brought his big googly eyes to look upon me.

Well, hello, Sister Girl. I been jus' fine. Whatcha got on yo' mind?

My mind is set on eatin' you, Brother Bullfrog-legs, belly, croaker, and all, that's what.

Hmmm ... I might be havin' a bit of a problem wi' dat, Sister Jacky. What makes you think you can 'complish dat t'ing?

It's 'cause I'm low and cunning and powerful hungry, and I'll get it done. You'll see, Brother. You be restin' in my belly soon.

Y'know, Sister, I recalls that Brother Fox and Brother Bear tried alla time to eat Brother Rabbit, but it never happened, no. Brother Black Snake give it a try or two, as well, but it ain't happened yet, no ma'am. Don't 'spect it's gonna happen here, neither.

And he was right in thinkin' that, Jemimah. It didn't happen, no. Last I saw of Big Daddy he was still happily croakin' on his lily pad.

When I wind up the tale, Jemimah slaps her knee in delight, and says, "That one's goin' in my Brother Rabbit story bag, Sister Girl, that's for damn sure!"

I lift my glass and say, "Here's to Brother Bullfrog. Long may he croak! I sure did appreciate those fine, fine crawdaddies he provided for me! Without 'em, I don't think I'da made it to Madrid!"

Then we sit and talk, and I tell her of my plans for the Pig and the barn next to it, and how she might fit in and make some more money for herself, and she is all for that. But then my head begins to droop, so she damps down the fire and sends me off to bed.

Ah, my lovely, lovely little cabin. How I missed you, Nancy, I missed you so very, very much ...

... and I miss you, too, Jaimy, and I hope to see you soon. But I dunno ... things turn this way and then they turn that way and what happens is never anything I expect, y'know? Chopstick Charlie says you're all settled in your mind now and are headed to Boston. Who'da thought any of that. I just don't know, I ... I just fall over the edge of all thought and ... slip down and ... sleep.

Chapter 5

James Fletcher

Envoy, House of Chen

New Bedford, Massachusetts, USA

June 10, 1809

Jacky Faber

Somewhere on this continent, it is to be hoped

Dear Jacky,

I landed today in the New England town of New Bedford and again I step onto the soil of the United States of America.

It is a charming town, well laid out, with many fine houses and a forest of high masts at the docks. It is a whaling town, as I believe you know, since you once took ship from here, according to what I have read in one of Amy Trevelyne's rather vivid accounts of your journeys ... and your equally vivid ... doings.

My way over here on the Mary Bissell was most pleasant, after we had rid ourselves of the company of the loathsome Mr. Skelton. I spent many happy hours in the presence of the Reverend Lowe and his lovely wife and daughters. His son, Jeremiah, attached himself to me early on, viewing me as some sort of exotic warrior, I suppose, and I did teach him some of the basic moves of the Bo stick, as well as some of the more rough-and-tumble tactics common to Royal Navy ship's boys. I fear for the health of any schoolyard bully who attempts to cross our young Mister Jeremiah Lowe in the future. Upon docking, he pleaded to come with me on my travels, but I convinced him that a proper education was a prerequisite for a young man before entering a life of adventure as an officer and a gentleman, and he reluctantly agreed and left the ship still secure in the bosom of his loving family. I wish him well for he is a fine lad.

On the very wise advice of our mutual friend Charlie Chen, I intend to stay in disguise for the time being, considering my past actions in England. Rather rash actions, I will admit, but what is done, is done.

As for this masquerade, before I left Rangoon, the crown of my head was gently shaved and the remaining hair gathered into a bun at the nape of my neck, giving me a definite Eurasian appearance. I will continue to use the name Master Kwai Chang gave me-Cheung Tong. It is Chinese for "Long Boy." After my farewells to Captain Van Pelt and the Lowes, I stepped off the Mary Bissell and repaired to an alley. I had a long black hooded cloak, and dark silk clothing beneath it, which certainly enhanced my Asian appearance, and in that alley, I stuffed my simple seabag high up under the cloak to rest on my right shoulder, giving me the look of an unfortunate hunchback. I fashioned an eye patch from a bit of black cloth, and thus attired, I sallied forth, affecting a pronounced limp.

It is not far to Boston. Consequently, I shall go by land, sometimes by coach, but, I believe, mostly by foot, so as once more to acclimate myself to these environs and to further rest my recently very turbulent mind. I thought I had seen the last of you, dear girl, when you were swept overboard on the Lee in the midst of that horrendous typhoon, but others have convinced me that I was wrong in that assumption, and dim recollections have returned to my mind. Were you really there on that black heath the night when my poor Bess was murdered? Did I really strike you, mistaking you for a demon from hell come to torment me? Did I really ball up my fist and slam it into your loving and trusting face? I hope I did not, but I fear that I did, and I further hope you will find it in your heart to forgive me for anything I might have done to you.

And did I hear that you were sent off to Portugal with Lord Allen? Did I actually hear that, or was that just my jealousy raging? I do not know ...

So the walk to Boston will be good for me, maybe clearing out the remaining cobwebs from my mind.

A poor mendicant hunchback limping my way to Boston, I now put my foot on the Post Road in the hope of finding you there, and I am ...

Yr. faithful and etc.,

Jaimy

Chapter 6

I crack an eyelid as the morning light pours through the eastern window of Amy Trevelyne's lovely bedroom at Dovecote. Amy sleeps next to me, her face in sweet repose. Heh-heh, I chuckle to myself, the wickedness rising up in me once again. We'll fix that!

Getting out of bed, I briefly visit le pot de chambre, wash hands and splash some water on my face, then go to Amy's top bureau drawer, where I know she keeps sundry notions-pins and stuff. Sure enough, there is a paper of good sturdy hairpins. I take two and go to my seabag and take out a long leather tube, remove the cap on the end, and slip the rolled-up canvas it contains into my hand.

On the wall facing the foot of Amy's bed, there is a charming painting of a fluffy white feline looking smug on a pink pillow. I take the painting down and place it on the floor, and where it once hung, I pin up the painting, a cat of a very different sort.

It is, of course, the painting that Amadeo Romero did of me when I was a student and sometime model at Estudio Goya in Madrid-The Naked Maja. It was Amadeo's version, not Goya's, which did not look like me at all. Amadeo felt that Goya, that dog, had a former mistress in mind when he painted his, but Amadeo's was spot on in the way of resemblance. At the bottom of the painting, Amadeo had lettered, in faint but very clear lettering, La Maja Virginal. Con todo mi amor. Amadeo Romero, 1808.

Mission accomplished, I slip back into bed next to Amy with a certain amount of anticipatory glee.

Again snugged in, I peer up over the edge of the covers and look at the painting in all its golden glory. The warm morning sun plays over the picture, illuminating the nude figure of the girl lying serene on a couch, rich draperies all around. Oh, Amadeo, you did such a fine job. Fine job, indeed, as the girl looks exactly like me. No mistake, and no wonder, since I did pose for it, and for many other paintings of a like nature when I was at Estudio Goya.

I give Amy a gentle nudge. She had been lying on her side, facing me, and we had spent the night so entwined.

"Good morning, Sister. It looks to be a very fine day."

She moans and turns on her back. I bury my face in the warmth of her neck and wait till she comes fully awake.

"So what do you think, Sister?" I say.

"About what?" she says, confused and blinking.

"About that." I cut my eyes to the painting. "Is it not a good likeness?"

She follows my glance and her eyes finally focus. Then she lets out a long shriek and flies from our bed, as I stay there curled up and convulsed in laughter. There are few things in this life that I find more enjoyable than shocking Miss Amy Trevelyne's Puritan soul to its very core.

Amy rushes to her desk and withdraws her chair from under it and jams it under the doorknob so as to deny anyone entry into her room.

"You'll find that simple wedges are more effective for that sort of thing." I chortle.

Aghast, she whispers, "What if anyone should see that! Randall is due home soon, what if-"

"I did think of showing it to Randall, as a matter of fact, but I thought Polly Von might object. She is of an easy-going nature, just like me, but maybe when her Randall is involved, well ... maybe not ..."

"That ... that is so ... wicked!"

"No, it isn't. It's just me. A hank of hair, a piece of bone, and some skin. That's all. What's the problem?"

She squeals and buries her face deeper in her pillow.

"Actually, I was thinking of displaying it over the bar at the Pig. To improve business, like. Add a touch of class. I think it would look rather grand. What say you on that?"

She peeks out from under the pillow, her eyes glaring up at me. "They will surely shut you down for that! In a minute!"

"Who are 'they'?" I ask, all mystified.

"The Boston Army for Women's Suffrage, that's who!"

"The women I saw you marching with the other day? I thought the lot of you were for suffrage-votes for women and all. I was even thinking of joining."

"It's not only that. It is also a temperance union-and against the selling of alcohol in any form. If women succeed in getting the vote, they will use it to shut down the taverns. That's why the men are so dead set against it!"

"Wot? And I thought the men were just being mean in denying women the vote. They can be petty and mean, you know, especially when they're gathered in groups, like clubs and fraternities and such."

"No, Jacky, that is the way of it," she says. "Please, please, keep that picture hidden out of sight!"

"And I have just bought a tavern," I say, wondering. I give her a poke in the side. "Have I been sleeping with the enemy, then?"

"No, I shall now resign from the BAWS, due to conflict of interest, in that I love you-for all your transgressions against propriety, morality, and common sense-more than any political organization."

I think on that, then say, "Aw, that's sweet, Amy, that is. But, no, you shall not. You believe, as I do, that women have the right to vote, to own property in their own names, and to enjoy all the rights and privileges that men have. So continue to march with the BAWS ... and keep me informed as to what they are up to."

"What? I am to be a spy?"

"Just a fly on the wall, Sister, that's all."

Her eyes peek up over the edge of her pillow and gaze again upon the painting. "How could you do such a thing? I just ... cannot imagine it." She pulls the pillow back over her face.

"You mean pose like that?"

"Yes, Jacky, that is definitely what I mean!"

"Well, later you can get out your pen and paper and I shall tell you. Then maybe you will understand why I did it and, perhaps, find it in your heart to forgive me," I retort. "But just a bit of the story, for we've got to get back to Boston. Me, to check on the workers' progress at the Pig, and you, my dear," I say, planting a kiss on her cheek, "to graduate from the Lawson Peabody School for Young Girls!"

Chapter 7

The Pig has risen! Like unto the Phoenix Bird, he has risen from his own ashes! Hallelujah!

True, the sounds of saw and hammer are still heard upstairs, but down here below in the tavern's great room, we are open for business. Barrels of ale are rolled in, the tables are varnished and gleaming, and Maudie once again happily stands at the bar, ready to fill tankards of beer and glasses of wine. Her man, Bob, sits in a chair in the corner, his gray hair about his shoulders, his cudgel on his lap, perfectly willing to bash the head of any bloke who would disturb the peace of the place, but, like many old men, he is unable to stand and must be content with his pint in front of him, and with telling stories of his youth to anyone who will listen.

The door is open and welcoming and thirsty sailors are coming in. We already have three tables of four seatings working, and we expect more. Why do we have this sudden business, when the Pig did not have it before? It is because I had some small round wooden disks cut down at Fyffe's Furniture and Carpentry and then had Mr. Yates at his print shop press a crude image of our whistling piggy upon each, with the words Good for 1 Free Beer at the Pig and Whistle inscribed about our merry hog. If there's one thing I know that will get a thirsty sailor to march the additional hundred yards up to our place, past the Union Oyster House, the Bell and Bull, and, especially, Skivareen's, it is the prospect of free booze, such that his tiny stash of money might go a bit further during his short stay on the shore. I, of course, carved the woodcut, crude as it was, and it did put me in mind of the story of the Spanish artist Francisco Goya's little pig that he had scrawled on a wall, as well as the one I drew for him ... and thank you again, Maestro, for sheltering this poor wayward girl for a while in your fine studio ...

I have set up my own studio above Faber Shipping for several reasons: The smell of turpentine is rather harsh and I prefer that it be confined there, rather than in my digs above the Pig. And then there's that great northern light I get through the high windows and the splendid view of the harbor lying there all sparkling in the summer sun.

I shall take in students, should any want to have me for an instructor. Having studied under the great Goya, as well as Mr. Peet of the Lawson Peabody faculty, I have credentials. There are large flat tables for lettering and sign work, as well as for the grinding of oil paints, and easels for the painting of pictures on stretched canvas.

Refurbishing the Pig's sign was the first job I assigned myself. It had been taken down by John Thomas and Finn McGee and placed upon a table. I put gilt on the sign's frame along with a band of gold around the pig's pennywhistle, then pinked up his rosy little rump. When my two stalwarts hung the sign back up, it glowed in the sunlight and looked every bit the trademark of a fine and prosperous establishment-The Pig and Whistle, Publick House and Inn. I know, I know, the Sin of Pride, the sin to which I am most susceptible, but still, my chest did expand and I was most proud to see it hanging there.

I have taken several of the tavern's upstairs rooms for myself, the ones facing the street. Faber Shipping is a place for work-this is where I come to relax. The larger of the rooms has a pair of doors leading to a small balcony that hangs out over State Street, and I enjoy sitting up there of an evening, sipping a little something and watching the life of the city.

Of course, Maudie and Bob have moved back upstairs, just across from me, and the rooms on the third floor-six of them-are for rent to respectable customers.

When Amy and I had come back from Dovecote to resume work on our various projects, I once again teased her with the prospect of displaying La Maja Virginal, as we stood in the empty great room of the Pig.

"See," I said, pointing to a space above the bar. "It would fit real nice right there. Good proportions and all."

"Yes," she said through clenched teeth. "And it would get you closed down in a minute. The BAWS is watching your every move. And don't forget, my wayward Sister, that Judge Thwackham's sentence of twelve strokes of the cane for Lewd and Lascivious Conduct still hangs over your head, should you ever appear in his court again."

"I know, Amy, I know," I said. "But suppose I cover up the naughty bits with drapery. Wouldn't that make it all right?"

"No, it would not," she said, drilling me with her eyes, "for it would be snatched away right after the first drunken sailor comes up with five dollars in his hand asking that the drapery be removed. And you would probably be the one to do it. Remember, Sister, this is Boston, not Paris! Or even New York!"

Oh, very well, I thought, sighing and consigning the painting, rolled up in its map tube, to the stack of other rolled canvases in my studio. Perhaps someday I shall donate it to the American National Museum, should this country ever get around to having such a place. We shall see ...

Busy, busy, Little Miss Tidymouse ...

I have opened up the kitchen area, as I believe people like to see how their food is prepared-cleanliness of staff, freshness of ingredients, and all that. The floor is tiled in the kitchen area and easy to clean. Jemimah Moses stands, right now, at the stove, preparing lunch for the three tables of hungry customers. Steam rises from her pots and curls up and out the vent placed above.

Molly Malone is waiting on the tables in saucy serving-girl rig-nothing like a pretty Irish girl bouncing about for improving business, I figure, and it is good for her, too. She is spirited and vivacious and revels in the convivial life of a public house, and needs to be known in this town for more than just being that Arthur McBride's main squeeze.

I look about me, well pleased at the changes in my lovely little inn, when there comes the clatter of a coach pulling up outside. Most people come to the Pig either on foot or on horseback. There is a stable out back to accommodate those travelers. Curious, I go to the door and am met with a surprise ...

"Clarissa!" I exclaim upon seeing her. "And Lissette, too! Come in! Welcome! Oh, it is so good to see you both!"

I get an air kiss from Clarissa-one in which lips do not quite meet cheek-and a much more affectionate one from Lissette.

"We heard you were back," says Miss Clarissa Worthington Howe, of the Virginia Howes, looking about and holding a perfumed hanky to her perfect nose, "and Lissette wanted to see you. Can't imagine why, but here we are, nonetheless." She gazes around. "How common, how utterly common."

Lissette is less aloof and much more kind. She spins about and says, "Eet is tres charmante, ma cherie! You seek to capture zee simple ambiance of zee Parisian cafe, zee bistro, no?"

"Well, yes, Lissette, that was on my mind," I say, delighted to see the spirited young French aristocrat again. "I do have a great fondness for Paris, you know."

"Of course, I know! I read le book written by our own Ai-mee Tray-vel-i-an! 'Le Bonny Light Horseperson'! I know all the places you speak of ... le Hippodrome de Longchamp, le Louvre, la place de la Concorde ... I even know of Les Petites Gamines de Paris, you naughty girl, you. And Jean Paul de Valdon and that leetle white tent? Ah, yes. Our French boys can be very charming, no?" she says, grinning and pointing a finger at my nose.

I blush and laugh and we both slip easily into French.

"Eh bien, Lissette, mais Paris n'est pas Boston, non?"

"Mais oui, m'amie." She laughs with that Parisian shrug of the shoulders. "Et l'empereur ... c'est vrai?"

"Oui, et Josephine, aussi ..."

"All right, you two, enough of that," snaps Clarissa, plainly irritated at being left out of the conversation. I recall that Miss Howe was not a particularly good student of the French language.

She looks about and spies Jemimah at her stove and calls out, "Some good southern food over heah, Mammy."

Jemimah cuts a glance at our table and I give her a wink. Both she and I know exactly who and what Clarissa is-a spoiled young Southern Belle.

Jemimah winks back and says, "Yes'm! Lawsy! Some cornbread and hushpuppies and crawdaddies comin' right on up, you bet! 'Course we don't have crayfish up here in Yankeeland, but I know our local shrimp will do jes' fine!"

Does Clarissa catch the edge of sarcasm in Jemimah's voice? Somehow, I don't think so ... Her kind is generally oblivious to that sort of thing from the servants. I am sure Jemimah has seen many of Clarissa's ilk in her day.

I gesture to Molly and she comes over, and I say, "Crack out the good stuff. Cotes du Rhone. Right, Lissette?" I get an appreciative nod on that, and the wine is brought out and poured. I look at Lissette's profile as she sips at the wine and recall how well the pampered aristocrat held up under the ordeal on the Bloodhound, sitting in the Pit with some of the commonest girls, as we all feasted on roasted rats.

"Mmmm ..." she says. "You do know how to treat a guest, Jac-kie. When this ... unpleasantness ... between our countries is over, you must visit our estate in Avignon. We have some of the finest-"

Just then Ravi bursts in, his empty basket over his arm.

"Memsahib!" he says, breathless. "I have passed out all the wooden nickels to the sailor mans and they were most thankful and promise to visit soon!"

"I am sure they will. Good job, lad," I say, putting my arm across his shoulders. "This is my son, Ravi," I say to Clarissa and Lisette, hugging him to me and placing a kiss upon his brow.

"Your son? Rather dark, isn't he?" says Clarissa, lifting an eyebrow. "With whom have you been sleepin', dearest Jacky?" she softly asks, casting her eyes on a table of sailors, two of whom are Jamaicans. All seamen, black, white, or yellow, are welcome at the Pig, as long as they behave themselves-which sailors, whatever the color of their skin, seldom do, of course.

I laugh and let the comment pass.

"Lunch will be my treat," I say, unnecessarily, for I know neither one has any intention of paying. Perhaps the slight smile that plays about my lips betrays my thought because Clarissa cocks an eyebrow and says, "I will trade you a surely simple luncheon for a ride in my elegant carriage to our graduation ceremonies."

"Done, done, and done," I say. "May Amy also ride?" Great! Amy and I won't have to trudge up the hill to the school!

"Oh, she's here, too? Our dreary poetess?" The ever gracious Clarissa sighs, casting eyes to ceiling.

"Yes. She's right next door. Come, let me show you something while Mrs. Moses prepares our lunch. Won't take but a minute." We rise and, mystified, the two follow me out the door.

Next to the Pig sits what was once a large barn and what is now a playhouse, a wholly owned subsidiary of Faber Shipping Worldwide. Above the doorway is a sign, all green and black and gilt, proclaiming it to be The Emerald Playhouse, and gazing upon it, my chest expands with pride. The sign was the second project I took on in my new studio, after having refurbished the dear Pig. The door is open and Lissette and Clarissa follow me in.

"So what do you think?" I ask of them as our eyes adjust to the semi-darkened interior. There is an empty stage at the far end of the building, with two rows of balconies extending down each side. In the center is an open area, which in Shakespeare's time would have been called the Pit, the place for the commoner patrons. There will be benches later, but there are none now, as they are under construction by Ephraim Fyffe and his crew of carpenters. We can hear the sound of their hammers coming from outside. A row of windows, high above, circle the interior, but they are presently covered with heavy drapes. "Come, let's get closer," I say, and we approach the foot of the stairs. "Does it remind you of anything?"

"Eet looks like that awful Bloodhound," says Lissette with a shiver.

"Indeed it does," I reply. "You know that the Hound, itself, was admirably set up as a stage set? The Proscenium, the Balconies, the Pit, and all that? Why, the whole thing was meant to be a play, and so it will be. Our first production is In the Belly of the Bloodhound, as performed by the Emerald Players, and written by Miss Amy Trevelyne. The Chorus is conducted by Miss Hepzibah Van Pelt and it's directed by Messrs. Fennel and Bean, thespians of great renown."

As if on cue, the voice of Mr. Fennel booms out, "Act two, scene three. Places everyone! Lights up!"

There is a slight swishing sound as the drapes above are pulled back and the stage is illuminated. Both Clarissa and Lissette gasp and recoil, for there, center stage, in front of a gaggle of white-clad girls, stands a figure clad in a fine purple suit of clothes. It is Sin-Kay, himself. He notices us standing there and he levels a stiff finger and thunders, "You, there! Get in my line! NOW!"

There are times when the rational mind turns tail and runs away in the face of something totally impossible-that time was now for Clarissa and Lissette, for each of them grabs one of my arms in sheer terror, each of them, for an instant, back in the belly of the Bloodhound.

"Solomon Freeman does a fine Sin-Kay, doesn't he?" I ask, grinning at their sudden discomfiture. Their grips on my arm slowly relax.

It appears the scene being rehearsed is the one in which the slaver Sin-Kay orders the kidnapped girls of the Lawson Peabody to line up as he calls the roll ... Rebecca Adams, Ruth Alden, Sally Anderson ... It does not take long to get to Jacky Faber. The girl standing in for me blurts out, "You're a goddamned dirty slaver!" And then, "Yer nuthin' but a jumped-up nigra to me for all yer fine and fancy clothes!" snarls Polly Von, up there playing the role of Clarissa Howe. "Now yew get the hell out of heah! There are ladies present!"

"That doesn't sound like me at all," says Clarissa, slightly breathless. "Who is she?" nodding toward the actress on the stage.

"Her name is Polly. Polly Von. She was a friend to me, back in London. A fellow gang member of the Rooster Charlie Gang."

"She is very pretty, in a common sort of way."

"Well, we did require a pretty girl to stand in for you, didn't we? 'Else the wrath of the Goddess of Beauty would fall upon us. Yes, she will play Clarissa Howe in In the Belly of the Bloodhound, should you not choose to step into that role. I, of course, will be playing myself. Some of the original Bloodhound Thirty-Two will be in it, as well. Would you like to reprise your very central role? Hmmm?"

She smiles at the notion, probably thinking of the dance she performed on the deck of that ship as a diversion during our attempt at escape-a diversion that worked extremely well-a dance that would have made that Salome of the Seven Veils proud.

"Would you have to place your mouth on mine again? I still shudder to think back on that. Disgusting."

"'Fraid so, Clarissa. Amy has already written that in. But I promise to suck on a lot of peppermints just before that awful moment so you won't be offended overmuch."

She does not reply.

"Let us go have lunch. It should be ready," I say, and then call up to the stage, "Amy! Come dine with us. Soon it will be time for your graduation!" Amy, clipboard in hand, with several pencils shoved up into her hair, nods, says something to the Director, then joins us as we go back to the Pig to sample whatever delicious things Jemimah has prepared for us.

We bail out of the coach in front of the Lawson Peabody School for Young Girls and go in for the ceremony, all of us dressed in our black school uniforms.

I had actually intended to wear something a bit more elegant for Amy's graduation, but, as we finished up our lunch, Clarissa had patted her perfect lips with her napkin, then said, "What you are wearing suits you"-I was still in my serving-girl rig, my usual working clothes when on land-"but go climb into your school dress. If we have to wear these awful things, so do you." I did it, but found it curious that she should demand that of me.

There are hugs and kisses all around, introductions to parents and siblings, much bowing and curtsying, and general gaiety. Amy's parents arrive at the last minute and are seated next to the Comte de Lise. Ezra, of course, is here, beaming at what he hopes will someday be his wife. Funny, I don't see General Howe. Hmmm ... Eventually, we go to our assigned places in the dining hall, and the graduation ceremonies begin.

A chorus of the undergraduate girls, led by Maestro Fracelli, does an excellent job of the "Gaudeamus Igitur," sung in Latin, a song often used in graduations, even though Mr. Fracelli had told us it was originally a college-student drinking song. Seems to fit, though.

Gaudeamus igitur,

Juvenes dum sumus;

Post jucundum juventutem,

Post molestam senectutem

Nos habebit humus.

It is a rousing tune, although the lyrics are a bit sobering, saying, essentially, Let us rejoice when we are young, but after a pleasant youth and a troublesome old age, the earth will eventually have us. Right in line with these dour Puritans, I figure ... Memento Mori and all that. But, hey, how many of us know Latin, so sing on, I say.

The Chorus swings into another verse ...

Vivat academia,

Vivant professores,

Vivat membrum quod libet,

Vivant membra quae libet;

Semper sint in flore.

This verse extols the school, the teachers, and the students-may they all flourish! I'm for that.

I have Joannie Nichols seated to my left, along with several other girls who do not have family here today. Joannie is fairly jumping out of her skin in her excitement at the prospect of getting out of school for the summer and coming back to live with me-and maybe going for a bit of a cruise on the Nancy B. That may happen sooner than you think, Joannie ... I meet with Ezra again tomorrow and I know he is not at all happy with the financial condition of Faber Shipping Worldwide.

And, to my right, I am astonished to find Miss Clarissa Worthington Howe. I figure I have seen more of her in the last few hours than I have in years, and I had expected her to be front row, center.

"What brings you to the Orphan Bench, Sister?" I ask of her.

"Daddy and I are not speaking," she says, nose in the air. "And Mother is in a bit of a tizzy. They are both back in Virginia. They are not pleased with me."

"Whatever for?"

"I have decided not to marry John Randolph."

"But I thought-"

"Who cares what you think. Hush, now. It is starting."

Indeed it is. Mistress goes to the podium and delivers a short speech concerning Learning, Godliness, and The Virtues of Young Womanhood. Then she announces, "Hermione Applegate."

The girl rises and goes to stand before Mistress. Hermione's right hand reaches out to take Mistress's hand, while her left hand, as rehearsed, passes over the other to take the rolled-up diploma. A kiss on Mistress's cheek, a few words spoken, and the girl steps down and into the arms of her family as the next girl is announced, "Miss Helen Bailey ..."

And then, on and on ... Miss Caroline Thwackham ... Miss Abigail Pierce ... Miss Ruth Alden ... Miss Hyacinth Saltonstall ...

My dear sisters from the school and from the Bloodhound. I have to choke back a tear. I do not know why I am so emotional over such simple things, but I am, I am.

Of course, not all of the Bloodhound Thirty-Two are here. Dolley is off and married to an important politician and has a child, even, and others have previously graduated as well ... and then there were the three serving girls, Annie, Sylvie, and Katy.

... Miss Beatrice Cooper ... Mademoiselle Lissette de Lise ... Miss Frances Wallace ...

I heave a bit of a sigh for Dorothea Baxter, who would have been graduating with the rest but went off last year and married our math and science teacher, Mr. Sackett. Both, of course, were immediately asked to leave the school-booted out is more likely the case. Mistress does have her rules, and that whole scene was definitely, to her mind, unseemly.

Not that it would distress the newly married Sacketts much, as they are both deliriously happy with each other and their studies, not living on much except their enthusiasm for their scientific calling. They manage to pick up some tutoring jobs here and there, and Mr. Sackett is hopeful of a post at the college over in Cambridge. My fishing crews generally manage to give them a few fish or lobsters-we are all sure they carefully dissect the specimens before eating. I had found the couple living in very reduced circumstances in a hovel on Essex Street and have installed them in one of the apartments on the third floor of Faber Shipping, and they have already stunk up the place several times with noxious fumes from their laboratory. Good thing there's generally a steady breeze from the ocean to clear things out. They sometimes manage to pay their rent ... sometimes.

... Miss Judith Leavitt ... Miss Christina King ... Miss Priscilla Cabot ...

I lean over and whisper to Clarissa, "It was so nice of you to come visit and to offer me a ride today, Clarissa. I really appreciated it."

She cuts me a glance and curls her lip. "Nice? I wasn't being nice. Mistress ordered me to pick you up to make sure you showed up, properly dressed. Do you think I would have done it otherwise? Nice? Please, Jacky, spare me your niceties."

... Miss Clarissa Worthington Howe ...

A rustle of silk and Clarissa rises, to accept her diploma.

Damn! Scammed again! But why would Mistress ... ?

... and finally, Miss Jacqueline Faber ...

I sit stunned. Wot? Me?

Joannie nudges me to my feet, and, numbly, I march to the podium. I reach for Mistress's hand, take it, then receive my diploma in my other hand. As I place a kiss on her cheek, she looks me in the eyes and says, "You were a trial to me, Miss Faber, and I think you will continue to be one. But now you will be someone else's trial, as I have done what I can. Go on your way, Jacky."

I stumble back to my seat, overcome with emotion, the tears running down my cheeks. The chorus sings the last verse of "Gaudeamus Igitur" as a recessional. I know it has to do with standing up for your school, but my senses are reeling and I take not their meaning ...

Pereat tristitia,

Pereant osores,

Pereat diabolus

Quivis antiburschius,

Atque irrisores.

I rise with the rest and clutch the rolled parchment to my chest as we file out of the Lawson Peabody for the last time. I do not have to read the words inscribed there, for I know what they say. They proclaim that I am now, officially ...

A lady.

Chapter 8

"I would not have thought it possible, Miss," Ezra Pickering is saying as he sorts through the pile of papers on his desk, "for one person to go through so much money in so short a time. Actually, it rather boggles the mind ..."

I am seated in Ezra's office, being scolded.

"You brought back a virtual king's ransom in gold and jewels from your diving adventure in the Caribbean, and yet you have managed to spend it all." He picks up a paper and gazes at it. "The brigantine Lorelei Lee, fine cottages for your friends, the building housing the offices of Faber Shipping, employment for about fifty people, the usual bribes for city officials, the Pig and Whistle Inn, and finally, this Emerald Playhouse."

"The Lee will pay for herself, eventually ..."

"That may be true, Madame President, but she isn't now, not with the trouble with the gangs. In fact, I strongly advise you, as your attorney, to stop the practice of shipping workmen of a Gaelic nature to Boston. This town is about to boil over with resentment against the Irish ... and you."

"The fishing boats are making money ..." I sniff. "And the Pig is open again, and the Playhouse will soon be selling tickets. In the Belly of the Bloodhound will be ready shortly, and choral groups are already signing up for dates ... and then there is an opera company that wants to mount a production of Abduction from the Seraglio ..."

"Fine, a musical about an Oriental harem," says Ezra. "It sounds like just the thing for bluenosed Boston, and I am sure it will endear you to the BAWS. But that would be revenue in the future, and we need money now." He puts his finger on a thin stack of papers. "This is a listing of your assets, and this"-he puts another finger on a thicker pile of papers-"this is an accounting of what is owed to your creditors, who will shortly be howling for your blood."

"We'll pay 'em. Just tell 'em to cool their heels a bit."

"They may not be in a mood to do that, Jacky," says Ezra, giving me a level look. "You know there are still debtor prisons in this state. All it takes is a judge's order and, remember, you are not one of Judge Thwackham's favorite people. You will recall his suspended sentence of a dozen lashes of the rod handed down at your conviction for Lewd and Lascivious Conduct. That still hangs over your head, you know, should you appear in his court again."

"Well, we can continue to make the Caribbean runs on the Nancy B., hauling down granite to Jamaica and then carrying molasses back up for the rum distilleries in Boston. That will bring in some coin."

"Well, no, we cannot, not that easily."

"And why not?"

"Well, for two reasons: Number one, Jamaica is an English port, and two, because of the Embargo Act. Surely you have heard of it."

"No, I have not, Ezra. How could I? You know I've been away, and not always in the best of circumstances," I say testily. "So tell me about it. It does not sound like good news."

He twines his fingers before his face and rests his chin on his hands and says, "Well, right before Christmas in 1807, our President Jefferson signed into law an act forbidding all American shippers from trading with any country that also trades with Great Britain or France."

"That's absurd!" I exclaim. "That will destroy my seagoing business! And most of America's as well!"

"That is true, Miss. Many American ships are rotting in harbors, unable to conduct trade."

"Well, mine shall not rot there, by God!" I announce, rising to my feet in righteous indignation.

"Perhaps not, Jacky. But we must be careful. And do please be calm."

"How did this come about?" I ask, incredulous, but sitting myself back down in the chair.

"How? Well might you ask," says Ezra. "You see, things are heating up between the British Lion and the American Eagle. Surely you have heard of the Chesapeake-Leopard affair? No? Well, let me give you a quick summary. On the twenty-second of June, six months to the day before the Embargo Act, the British ship HMS Leopard accosted the USS Chesapeake, one of our fleet's few powerful ships, for the purpose of boarding her to search for presumed British deserters. The Chesapeake's captain, one James Barron, refused to allow it, whereupon the Leopard's commander laid a shot across her bow. The Chesapeake, woefully unprepared, managed to get off only one shot in reply, whereas the Leopard discharged six broadsides into the Chesapeake ..."

Oh, Lord! Randall Trevelyne was on that ship! Please, God ...

"... killing three sailors and wounding eighteen. Captain Barron then struck his colors and gave up the ship."

"Shameful," I say. "Shameful ..."

"That he should give up the ship?" asks Ezra, ever the landsman and not the man-of-war's man.

"No," I say, sitting up straight. "I, myself, have struck my colors and surrendered two ships, and it was not an easy thing to do ... but to get off only one shot, that is shameful."

"Umm ..." says Ezra. "Anyway, the Embargo Act was passed, shutting off all U.S. commerce to Britain, France, or any of their ports and allies. Captain Barron was court-martialed and replaced by Stephen Decatur, and all the while our ships rot in their harbors."

I feel like I have been punched in the gut.

"Enforcement of this embargo?" I ask, with raised eyebrows. Politicians will eventually make a full-time smuggler out of Jacky Faber, she who wishes only to be an honest merchantman.

"Enforcement is spotty, and smugglers flourish. The mighty Chesapeake patrols the New England coast, ever vigilant for those who would ignore the edicts of Washington, DC."

"So I cannot even take the Nancy B. to Jamaica on a simple granite-molasses run? Liquid sugar to fuel the rum distilleries of Massachusetts?"

"No, Miss, Jamaica is a British holding. And believe me, the rum factories are wailing over this."

"What about Cuba?"

"The Spanish are now allies of the British. We can only conduct commerce with U.S. ports."

"Right. And what is the profit in that?" I ask, seething.

"Well, there is New Orleans," says Ezra, his small smile firmly in place. "It is now an American port."

"So what should I do? Go down there and pick up a cargo of slaves and gumbo?"

"Actually, you could carry down a particular group of passengers, and bring a similar group back."

"Wot?" I ask, mystified.

Ezra clasps his soft hands on his desk and gazes at me. "You know Mrs. Bodeen, do you not?"

"Yes, of course. Hers is the most well-run brothel in Boston, and she has done me many a good turn in the past."

He holds up a check. "She has booked passage for ten of her ... girls ... from here to New Orleans, and passage on the return trip for ten others."

Hmmm ... I knew from previous dealings with Mrs. Bodeen here in Boston and with her sister, Mrs. Babineau of the Rising Sun in New Orleans, that they liked to rotate their ... stock ... as it were, to insure freshness and variety for their customers.

"Five hundred dollars, each way," says Ezra, waving the check. "It won't completely solve our financial problem, but it will help."

I have to smile at that. I once swore that the Lorelei Lee would never become a floating brothel, and look what happened there-over two hundred prostitutes carried from London to Botany Bay, plying their ancient trade the whole way. Perhaps it is now the Nancy B.'s turn.

"We shall do it, Ezra, and we will leave tomorrow morning. Tell Mrs. Bodeen to have her girls packed and ready at Hallowell's Wharf at nine o'clock," I say, rising. "Thank you for all you do for me, Ezra." Here I put on my open-mouthed, foxy grin and lean over him. "And how, Mr. Pickering, would thirty pounds of pure gold help out the finances of Faber Shipping Worldwide? Hmmm?"

It is now his turn to stare open-mouthed at me, then say, "Wot?"

Chapter 9

Mrs. Bodeen's gaggle of girls is gathered on the dock, with all their considerable baggage, as we make our final preparations for getting underway. I have delayed boarding them till I have a final talk with my crew.

"Listen up, all of you. We will be carrying a unique cargo to New Orleans and you all shall profit from it. However, there are rules. You shall have no congress of any kind with the cargo. Do you understand me?"

There were several groans heard on that.

"You men shall sling your hammocks outside, as it is warm enough, leaving the cabins to those below. The Nancy B. Alsop shall not become a whorehouse. Is that clear?"

John Thomas and Finn McGee, better known as Smasher, manage to look like hurt puppies on that pronouncement, so I soften things up a bit.

"Good. We shall visit at least three fine ports and liberty will be granted so you may have your fun there. As for now, Joannie, you may see the ladies to their berths, and Daniel, you may handle their baggage. Briskly, now, as the tide is ebbing. Jim Tanner, to your helm, Tink, John Thomas, and McGee to your lines."

Mrs. Bodeen's ladies file up the gangway in a state of high spirits and gaiety. Most of them are very well known to Thomas and McGee, and many giggles are heard and winks are seen as they come aboard.

It's gonna be difficult, but I will have order on my ship, by God!

David Jones is the last of the crew to board, and I do not have to lecture him, as I see, down on the dock, Annie Jones, my very good friend and wife to the rogue, reading him the riot act with clenched fist on hip and finger on his nose. He laughs, wraps her in his strong embrace, plants a goodbye kiss on her mouth, and then bounds aboard with a final salute.

"Goodbye, Annie, my love! Keep your legs crossed and your knees together and your Davy will be back soon!"

"Tend to your sails, Mr. Jones, and never mind about Annie's knees," I say sternly as he gains the deck. "You shall dream about them soon enough, sailor, when you are far away at sea." He knuckles his brow in mock obeisance to me and goes to the buntline that will raise the main sail on my beautiful little schooner.

I go to the rail and lean over, shouting, "Don't worry, Annie. I'll keep an eye on the rascal! Count on it!"

She grins and waves, and I wave back, then go to my usual place on the quarterdeck, where I place one foot to either side of the centerline, the better to feel the movement of my ship. I am already in my usual shipboard attire-loose white shirt tucked into my butter-soft white leather Shawnee skirt over my cut-off short drawers. My feet, of course, are bare, the better to grip the soon to be wet and slanted deck.

As I wait to get underway, I have to smile in recalling Ezra's expression yesterday as I told him of my last remaining stash of the Santa Magdalena's gold.

"Yes, Ezra, I left three bars of gold in a little underwater cave off Key West just in case I might need them some day. Looks like that day has come, so I shall go down and get it. There's a little brass-bound chest down there as well, which I believe is filled with coins and jewels."

"Who knows about this?"

"Only Joannie Nichols. I stashed the stuff with her floating by my side. I have told her to pack her swimming stuff, and she is ecstatic, of course, but she does know how to keep her mouth shut."

"But what of ..."

"I will only be taking those of my crew who were in on the original plot. Davy and Tink, of course, and Joannie. I'd take Higgins, too, but he is not here, worse luck, as I miss him so. They all knew of the details. Jemimah figured everything out, so she's coming, too. Jim Tanner and Daniel Prescott were not privy to everything, except to the fact they were well rewarded when we got back. John Thomas and Finn McGee were delighted with their sudden good fortune, which they, of course, blew away in no time, in true sailor-ashore fashion. And there's you, too, dear Ezra, who will have to handle the disposition of what will soon be coming into the coffers of Faber Shipping Worldwide."

"Hmmm ... well, that can be arranged. Do be careful, Miss."

"I will be careful, Ezra. Just a simple run to New Orleans, drop off the girls, cruise down to Key West, harvest some sponges for cover, pick up the remaining treasure, back to New Orleans to pick up the new crop of girls, and then back to good old Boston. What could be simpler?"

"In regard to you, Miss Faber, 'simple' is a word I seldom use."

"Oh, don't worry, Ezra, everything will be fine, a simple little cruise down the coast, not bothering anybody."

In a minute we'll haul in the gangway and be off and-

There is a clatter of hooves on the wharf and I look over to see ... Clarissa?

It is indeed she, mounted on her horse, Jupiter, clad in an elegant red riding habit, and looking not at all happy.

"Clarissa!" I call. "Whatever is the matter?"

"Daddy is being just horrid about the marriage thing and I will not have it! He has sent men after me! They mean to take me back to our plantation! You must hide me!" She leaps off the horse and tosses the reins to Annie, who catches them and stands there astounded.

I go to the rail. "Why don't you go stay with Lissette?"

"That is the first place they would look," she says, steaming.

"How about the school? Mistress would protect you."

"Not from my father, she wouldn't."

"Hmm ... Well, you could stay in my digs at the Pig and Whistle, but ... Boston is a small city and it wouldn't take long for them to find you."

"Damn, damn, damn, and damn!" she shouts, a small but undeniably elegant bundle of inchoate rage.

Hmmm ... I'm thinking to myself, as the evil wells up in me, my old tormentor standing before me in need of my help ... There is another possibility, sweet sister of my soul ...

"We are leaving for New Orleans within the next few minutes and you are welcome to go with us ... if you have the fare as a passenger. The cost is one hundred dollars, round trip."

"I don't have any money!" she snarls, looking back over her shoulder. I, too, hear the unmistakable sound of approaching horsemen.

"You should learn to carry some with you, dear, as it sometimes comes in handy when dealing with the common folk," I say, smiling wickedly. "However, you could sign on as crew, and even be paid for your labor as you escape your pursuers."

"How so?" she asks, mystified.

"You could come aboard as Second Cook's Helper, under Mrs. Jemimah Moses. Five dollars a week, room and board. What do you say?"

I cross my arms and wait for her reply.

She gazes up at me with a look of pure hatred, but then says, "All right, but I will get you for this."

"Very well, Seaman Recruit Howe, you may come aboard," I say grandly. "First Cook's Helper Ordinary Seaman Joannie Nichols here will show you to your berth and acquaint you with your duties."

Clarissa storms up the gangway to be greeted by a grinning Joannie.

"This way, milady," says Joannie, doing a mock curtsy and leading the way below.

I go back to my usual station on the quarterdeck and call out, "Bring in the gangway, throw off all lines, and set sail for the South!"

There is a cheer from my crew, but not, I suspect, from Clarissa.

Oh, I exult, this is going to be a fine, fine cruise!

PART II

Chapter 10

We slip down the East Coast of the United States, and so far it is an easy voyage-the weather is mild and we have a fair breeze behind us. Everything is calm ... except for Clarissa Worthington Howe ... of the Virginia Howes.

"I will not peel potatoes!" she announces when we are not far out and preparations are being made for the noon meal. "Least of all for a nigra cook! The very idea!"

We are out on the main deck, nose to nose.

"Oh, yes, you will, Clarissa," I snarl. "Everyone works when we are underway. If a sailor will not work, he is put off. If you will not work, I will put you off, as well."

She looks over the rail at the water rushing by and says, a bit nervously, "You wouldn't dare ..."

"Make you walk the plank? No, my dear, though the thought of your well-born blond head sinking beneath the waves is an image most charming to my mind right now," I say, grinning through my bared teeth. "But, no. What I will do is go into the next port and have you rowed in and put ashore. I will give you enough money for overland passage back to Virginia or Boston, or wherever else you want to go. As the Captain of this ship, by the Law of the Sea, I am the absolute ruler of this vessel and all on it. If I were to give the order, Seaman Thomas here would bind you to that mast there, bare your back, and give you an even dozen of the cat-o'-nine-tails' loving touch! Is that not true, John Thomas?"

"That's right, Cap'n," answers the grinning sailor, hugely enjoying this little exchange, as are the rest of the people on the deck-my crew and many of Mrs. Bodeen's girls who are out taking the fresh sea air. "And the claws of the Cat are sharp, believe you me. I have her stripes on me back to prove it. You want me to lash her up now, Skipper?"

Much hoots and laughter are heard all about on that. Clarissa stands there steaming and saying nothing, plainly remembering the whipping I took tied bare-back to the mast of the Bloodhound. She merely drills me with her furious gaze. Strange, I think, standing there, facing her down, how those cold blue eyes can sometimes look so hot.

"But I would never do that to you, Clarissa, my dear Sister, for I do love and admire you, in some sort of twisted way," I say, thrusting a bundle of clothes to her. "Here. Take these and put them on. You will find this gear much more comfortable than that riding habit you are wearing. Things will get more and more warm as we head south."

She glares at me, ignoring the bundle. It is my old Powder Monkey outfit from my days as a convict on the Lorelei Lee-blousy white cotton top above, loose white trousers below. I believe it will serve her well here.

"Give it up, Sister, and you shall find it to your benefit. Yes, we work hard here on the Nancy B., but we also have fun. Lots of fun. Keep that in mind. Now go below and tend to your duties, as we attend to ours."

She glares, she fumes, she smokes, she burns, but she does finally snatch the clothes from my hand and go below to change and, yes, to peel potatoes.

Later, when I go down into the mess deck to see how things are going with the cargo, where some are seasick and in their bunks, but most are all right, I spy Jemimah cooking at her stove, and seated around her are Daniel, Joannie, and Clarissa Worthington Howe, all heads down and peeling away, while Jemimah's deep voice is intoning ... and by'n'by, Brother Fox comes by the pond lookin' for somethin' to eat, him bein' powerful hungry, when he sees Brother Bullfrog sittin' on a lily pad ...

Ah, yes, it is so good to be back at sea and on the Nancy B.

Chapter 11

James Emerson Fletcher

State Street

Boston, Massachusetts, USA

June 20, 1809

Charles Chen

House of Chen

Rangoon, Burma

Honorable Chen,

I am pleased to report that I have arrived in Boston, and, as instructed, am making inquiries into proper quarters for setting up your trading company, HOC Oriental Shipping.

I know you will be as pleased as I was to learn that our mutual friend Jacky Faber has recently arrived on these shores, in apparently good health and spirits. My joy at learning this was tempered somewhat by the news that she had recently departed on a voyage to deliver passengers of a particular nature to New Orleans in Louisiana, USA. However, I was cheered by the fact that it is not an especially long journey and she will be back in several weeks.

I find that she has been throwing money around at an amazing rate, spending like the sailor she is. Faber Shipping Worldwide has recently acquired the Pig and Whistle Publick House and Inn, new corporate offices on State Street, and the Emerald Playhouse, a large theater that was formerly a barn. I begin to strongly suspect that some of the charges against her for misappropriation of the King's gold might not be totally false. Oh well, we have both suffered enough to make up for any lapses in her judgment.

I attempted to rent a room at the Pig and Whistle so as to be there when she returned, but was disappointed to find that ... "All the rooms are let, Sir, sorry ... but there is one down at Faber Shipping headquarters on State Street, very nice, very comfortable, with a good view of the harbor. Only two dollars a night, dinners here at the Pig included. Oh, good, Sir. Ravi here will show you to your quarters."

I recognized Maudie the barkeep from my visit here before, when the girls of the Lawson Peabody were kidnapped and headed for a life of slavery in North Africa. She did not recognize me in my disguise, hunchbacked with eye patch and hooded cloak, leaning on a stick, but the little boy Ravi gazed at me with a certain penetrating interest, his big black eyes looking me over, top to bottom. I had met him very briefly on the Lorelei Lee back there off Australia, so he should not remember me, but still, he is a very bright little lad, so I do not know ... He ushered me into my new billet with great politeness ... "We have great hopes you will enjoy your stay, Sahib. Clean linen and much good food at the Piggy and Whistle, you bet. Anything you need, you come see Ravi and he fix."

I found out from Ravi that Jacky has established an art studio across the hall from me. That shall prove interesting in the future, as she was always good at that sort of thing and I am most curious as to what she has come up with lately.

Tomorrow I shall seek out a lawyer to set up your corporation. I would like to engage Ezra Pickering, as I know him to be a fine man, but I fear there would be a conflict of interests there, as he is the Clerk of Faber Shipping Worldwide. I have heard that Malcolm Mudgeon enjoys a good reputation, and I shall seek him out.

Please send my warmest regards to your daughter, Sidrah, my great friend and kind solace in my time of need, and to Master Kwai Chang. Assure him that I continue to heed his wise words as I make my way through this life.

Your humble servant,

Cheung Tong

Chapter 12

"I sure hope that boy been seein' to waterin' my garden," says Jemimah. "If'n he ain't, he's gonna get his tail tanned a few shades darker than it already is."

We're at dinner, a few days out of New Orleans, having made the turn around the Florida Keys, and heading northwest.

"Don't worry, Jemimah," I say. "Ravi's a good kid and he won't fail."

Old habits die hard. One of the first things Jemimah did upon setting up residence in Boston was to plant a vegetable garden behind the Pig. "Plenty of good dirt, plenty of good manure, be a shame to let it lie fallow. An insult to the Lord who gives us the good earth to till."

I took that advice to heart and set up a little patch of my own-about four-foot square, well spread with horse manure, with a little fence all around. Yes, I dropped some beet seeds in, but mainly what I did was cut up my last Spanish purple mushroom cap, soak the pieces in warm water, and then bury them a few inches under the topsoil. Who knows? At least I'll get some nice beets.

Mrs. Bodeen's girls have been fed, and now I'm seated at the head of the table with my crew about me for the second serving, except for the two on watch above. Joannie and Daniel have passed the plates around and poured the drinks and Jemimah now sits to my left, while Clarissa sits to my right. To her credit, she has reconciled herself to sitting at the same table with a black person.

Ravi, of course, wanted to come on this voyage, but I couldn't let that happen. He was not along on the Santa Magdalena salvage expedition and must not know about it. He is a bright, inquisitive little fellow and would quickly figure out what I would be doing down there below the salt. I told him he was needed at the Pig to tend the garden and to hand out the wooden nickels. I assured him I would take him along on the next voyage, so he took it all in good grace.

In spite of my precautions in that regard, however, it did turn out that there was another onboard who had also not been on that trip, and therein lies a problem-how to get rid of my unexpected guest when the time comes.

I cut my eyes to Clarissa and come to a decision.

"Clarissa," I say, "are you up for a bit of fun?"

She eyes me suspiciously, a breaded pink shrimp poised between her perfect lips. "Knowing you, I can only suppose it will entail some indignity to my person," she says before the perfect, small white teeth descend to crush the shrimp and slide it down her slim white neck.

"Not at all, Sister mine," I say, smiling at the thought of various indignities I could impose upon her before banishing them from my mind as idle and unworthy speculation. "But have you ever been to New Orleans?"

"No," she answers, eyebrows raised in question.

"Well, Clarissa, it is a wonderful place, a city so full of life and charm that it will take your breath away. We will be there in a few days to deliver Mrs. Bodeen's girls to the House of the Rising Sun. We will have to give Mrs. Babineau a week to prepare the next batch of girls for the voyage north, and during that time, I plan to take the Nancy B. down to Key West to gather sponges for sale back in Boston." Groans from my crew on that pronouncement. I send a severe glare down the table ... Come on, you sods, you know there will be at least several days' liberty in New Orleans, so put a sock in it.

"Sounds wondrous exciting," grumbles Clarissa, lifting wineglass to lips and taking a great gulp.

"It is not exciting at all," I say, "but a ship of the Blue Anchor Line does not travel with an empty hold." It is the practical tradesman in me and I will not deny it.

"So what?"

"So I know someone at the House of the Rising Sun who might delight in showing you the wonders of New Orleans. In return for your having done your duty on the Nancy, I shall introduce you to her."

I see a flicker of interest in this.

"Yes?"

"We'll leave you there in good hands, go down to dive for the sponges, and then pick you up on the way back. How does that sound?"

"Sounds better than watchin' you pull up dirty ole sponges."

"Good. But you gotta remember to be careful-New Orleans is not Boston, nor is it Richmond, not by a long shot.

"All right," she says in her long, slow drawl, her eyes hooded, her mouth in a slight smile of anticipation.

And so all is set ... and I hope I am right in this ...

Actually, I must admit that soon, against all odds, Clarissa had gotten herself into the life of the ship. When I pull out my fiddle and we have music and dancing of an evening, as we often do, she joins right in. I have even heard her laugh a few times. Early on, she gave me a poke with her elbow as we stood watching the girls capering about the upper deck, laughing and telling rude jokes ... "Just who are these women and where are they going?"

"They are Mrs. Bodeen's girls and they are going to a gaming and sporting house in New Orleans. You may gather from their conduct and dress that the House of the Rising Sun is not a convent."

"Ah," she says, taking my meaning, but saying no more.

And the life of the Nancy B. was not the only thing Clarissa got into ... she also got into my bed.

On our second night out, Joannie and I were abed and about to slip off into sweet slumber when we heard a knock on the door.

"Come in," I said drowsily, expecting either Davy or Jim or some other sailor to come in and report on the condition of the ship, approaching weather or whatnot. But it was not any of them, no, it was Clarissa Worthington Howe, in nightshirt, looking rather small and scared.

"I ... I ... don't like sleeping down there," she said in a whispery voice. "It's dark and I don't like the dark ... I want to sleep up here ... with you."

"Well, Clarissa, it's pretty dark in here, too," I observed, up on one elbow, looking about in the gloom, but I do notice some moonlight coming through the small windows that encircle the rear of my cabin, and I guess it does lend some cheer. "But, all right, you can stay. It'll be a little crowded, but climb in."

"Won't be crowded at all!" exulted Joannie, popping out of the bed and heading for the door. "I'll go sleep with Danny! Hooray!"

"No you won't!" I shouted, grabbing for the tail of her nightshirt. "You-"

But I miss and she is out of the cabin and gone.

Oh, well, there's not much trouble they can get into in a small tight hammock, I figure. Besides, she's a smart kid and she knows the score ... and I ain't her mother.

I felt Clarissa put her knee to my bed and crawl in.

"Here, Clarissa, climb over me and get on the other side. I may have to get up quickly in case something comes up. Watch your head on that."

"Ouch! What is it?" she asked, as she climbed over and struck her head on the brass apparatus that pokes down through the ceiling and hangs overhead. My cabin is well-appointed, but space is limited-after all, lovely as she is, the Nancy B. Alsop is but a sixty-five-foot Gloucester schooner.

"It's the Speaking Tube," I replied, as she settled in. "Watch this."

"Ahoy the quarterdeck," I said, with my mouth to the tube. "What's the word?"

"All clear, Missy, Course 295 degrees," replied Jim Tanner, his voice coming soft out of the brass, as I take my mouth away. "Sea's two to four feet, wind from the north, ten knots, sky filled with stars."

"Thanks, Jim. G'night."

"G'night, Skipper."

From her side of the bed, Clarissa said, "You really do run things here, don't you?"

"What's that supposed to mean?" I said, mystified. "Of course I run things. I own this barky, after all. Ain't that enough?"

"No," she whispered in the darkness, "it's more than that and you know it."

I did not know what she meant by that, so I just said, "Go to sleep, Clarissa. You stay on your side of the bed and I'll stay on mine."

She grunted in agreement and rolled over, facing the wall. I turned on my right side, gave her feet a kick to keep them on her side, folded my hands under my face, and went to sleep.

However, in the deep of night, when things turned cool and damp and the roll of the ship tended to bring things together, we ended up entwined and bundled up tight when we awakened in the morning.

Chapter 13

We managed to get the Nancy B. up the mouth of the Mississippi River and into her berth on the New Orleans levee, but it took some doing since the Big Muddy takes some devious curves before Old Man River finally surrenders himself and his waters to the sea. But, with the help of a fair wind and some muscle on the oars, we did it. Dock fees were paid, coaches hired, and we hauled our cargo up to the front door of the House of the Rising Sun.

"Mademoiselle Tondalayo!" exclaims the doorman upon seeing me, calling me by the name I had used when last I was here. "So good to have you among us again! We have not seen such excitement since the day you last left!"

"A pleasure to see you, too, Herbert," I say, bouncing up the stairs to plant one on his cheek. When I was last here, the day involved guns, swords, the Brothers Lafitte, the vile Flashby, Mike Fink, and liberal sprays of rock salt from the cannons of the Belle of the Golden West, but we need not go into that. Suffice to say, I wish to meet none of those gentlemen again-at least not now. I wear my mantilla closer to my face than usual in case I need to quickly draw it across my face. "But, now, my good Herbert, if you would show us in to Mrs. Babineau."

We are swiftly brought into the main foyer of the House of the Rising Sun, Clarissa and I in the lead, the newly arrived girls from Mrs. Bodeen's of Boston close behind. There are squeals of recognition as our recent cargo renew old acquaintances with their sisters in the trade, and I advance to Mrs. Babineau's office to present my Bill of Lading.

She sits at her desk, as tight and trim as her sister, Mrs. Bodeen. She nods as she reaches out and takes the papers from my hand.

"You again," she says, scanning the manifest.

"Yes, Madame," I say, with a medium curtsy. "Passage for ten women, ten women delivered, as promised."

"Very well. And you are contracted to ferry ten more back to Boston, aren't you?"

"Oui, madame," I reply, slipping into French.

"Bien. They shall be ready in a week. Who is this?" she asks, looking over at Clarissa. "Is she a working girl?"

"Non, madame. Just a friend come to visit your fine city."

Mrs. Babineau's eyes glance over Clarissa's face and form. "A pity, that. She could make some serious money."

Clarissa had, of course, gone through my closet and picked out my best dress, a white Empire style, and decked out in it, with white bonnet up top, she looks absolutely smashing. The dress is light, which is good, because New Orleans is hot in the summer, and the riding outfit she had worn when coming onboard just wouldn't do. Her blond hair is up, her face powdered and lightly rouged from my cosmetic kit, and she is ready and eager to go. I am similarly attired, but not nearly as elegantly, but so it goes. When it comes to beauty, I shall ever be in her shadow.

Mrs. Babineau signs the check for the passage of her girls, hands it to me, and Clarissa and I exit into the main hall, where, of course, I am greeted with an expected explosion of yellow.

"Precious! Oh, it's my darlin' Precious come back to see her dear sister Claudelle!" exults Mam'selle Claudelle de Bourbon, wrapping her arms about me. "Oh, we are going to have such fun! Hot baths, massages, and just hours and hours of pillow talk!"

After she lets me go, I say, "It is a joy to see you, too, Mam'selle, but I'm afraid I'm shipping out again this afternoon."

She looks crestfallen and pulls a long face. "Oh, don't tell me that, Precious! I did so long to see you, to be with you again. Please tell me you'll stay."

She brightens up considerably when I inform her that I'll be back in a week or so, and she brightens up even more when I introduce her to Clarissa.

"Mam'selle, may I present Miss Clarissa Worthington Howe, of the Virginia Howes. Clarissa, this is Mademoiselle Claudelle de Bourbon, of the New Orleans Bourbons."

The eyes of both of them travel over the other. Clarissa's look is bemused, but she manages a murmured charmed while Mam'selle reaches out and takes her hand.

"Enchante, Mam'selle Howe," she breathes. "Come, there is too much fuss, fuss, fuss around here. Let me take you both down to the Cafe Dauphin and we'll catch up on things."

Clarissa nods and moves to the door, slightly dazzled, I believe, by all the action and color at the House of the Rising Sun. As she does so, Mam'selle takes me by my elbow and whispers in my ear ...

"I don't blame you one bit for kicking poor ol' Mam'selle outta your bed when you got somethin' like that around. I bet those little rosebud lips taste just as good as they look!"

"It ain't like that at all, Mam'selle."

"Uh-huh. Well, that's one fine, fine piece of perfection right there! Ooouwee, skinny Minnie, wouldn't mind a bit o' that for my own self!"

I heave a weary sigh as we head down Bourbon Street to the Cafe Dauphin.

As I once again sit at the outdoor plaza of Cafe Dauphin, I look about me and remember when last I sat here. Then, I was desperately trying to find Jaimy Fletcher, he who had preceded me downriver after having caught me in a rather awkward situation with Cavalry Captain Lord Richard Allen, us both being starkers with arms wrapped about each other and waist deep in the Mississippi. But enough of that, as I have paid for that bit of folly ten times over ...

But Jaimy, I do so hope you are well and have found your way back to Boston by now and will be waiting for me when I land. It will only be a few weeks till I get back, and if you are there, my heart will be gladdened beyond measure. I hope you have reunited with those of my friends whom you know and are enjoying your stay at the Pig and Whistle. I hope that with all my heart, I really do ...

"And Miss Clarissa," Mam'selle is saying, "you simply must come with me to the opening of the new show at the American Theater down on Charles Street. They say it is the most scandalous thing, and all the finest people will be there! And the gaming tables at the Rising Sun, why, our Precious here was a legend in that place."

It has been decided that Clarissa will stay with Mam'selle for the week when we will be otherwise ... occupied.

We are finishing up a fine lunch of crayfish, rice, boudin, and cold white wine.

"What's in this boudin?" asks Clarissa, chewing on a chunk of the whitish sausage. "It's very good."

"Best not to ask, dear," I say, downing my own portion of the same. I wash it down with a swallow of the wine, but I notice that Clarissa is matching me two glasses for each one of mine. Hmmm ... I'm beginning to wonder at the wisdom of this arrangement. Be careful, Clarissa ...

The luncheon is cleared away, more wine is poured, and I sit reveling in the warmth of the day and thinking of the things we must do in the coming week. Not only do we have to bring up the last stash of gold, we also have to pick up Tink ...

As we had swung by the outer Keys, we had drawn close to Cuba, and when there, we put John Tinker in our small boat and had him rowed to shore, near Bahia Honda. He was dressed in his best and had a pocketful of money as well.

"Give Concepcion our best, and regards to Senor Ric. If you see Flaco Jimenez, tell him I'm in New Orleans and might see him soon. Good Luck, Tink. True love will win out, you'll see."

I hope ...

I give my head a shake and I am back on the New Orleans levee with Clarissa and Mam'selle. I note that Clarissa's glass is once again empty and she is signaling for the waiter. Her eyes have taken on a certain luster.

Mam'selle continues to babble on as she withdraws a small glass vial from her handbag, unscrews the top, and taps a small amount of white powder onto the fleshy part of the back of her left hand, the part between thumb and forefinger.

Then she brings her hand to her nose and, very delicately, sniffs the powder into her left nostril.

"Ah ..." she breathes, snorting the stuff farther back into her nose. She blinks and says, "May I offer you some, dear ones?"

I shake my head. My good John Higgins has warned me many times of the dangers of coc**ne and of the many young men he has known who were brought down by that innocent-looking powder. But Clarissa does not shake her head.

"What is it?" she asks.

"Oh, dear Clarissa," answers Mam'selle, "it is merely a mild restorative. Here, put out your hand."

"Clarissa ..." I warn.

"Oh, hush, you," says Clarissa, placing her lily-white before Mam'selle. "I'll have a try."

Mam'selle taps a little of the powder onto the back of Clarissa's hand and says, "Just sniff it up, it won't hurt you a bit."

Clarissa brings her hand to her face and snorts in the powder. Her baby-blue eyes go wide.

"Whoa!" she says.

Somehow, I have the feeling this might not end at all well ...

Chapter 14

It did not take us long to navigate the Nancy B. back over our secret stash, as a fragment of my old red scarf was still hanging from that mangrove, that rag now bleached white by the sun, but showing us our way, nonetheless. Finding that old Indian camp gave us the needed second bearing that enabled us to locate the wreck of the Santa Magdalena, the other bearing being the western tip of Key West. This information had been provided by a brave young Spanish lieutenant who had made very hurried observations as his ship was going down in a hurricane. I am forever grateful to Teniente Carlos Maria Santana y Juarez for his map and to the Santa Magdalena for her gold, which brought Faber Shipping to prosperity, a prosperity I have been busy squandering.

Joannie was barely able to suppress a shudder as we spotted the marker, for it was there that she was almost devoured by a huge alligator. She still bears some scars on her body from that encounter ... and some on her mind as well. I am not the only one subject to nightmares.

As soon as we had tossed out the anchor, Joannie and I climbed into our swimming suits, donned our fins and goggles, and flipped backward over the stern of the Nancy B. and into and under the warm, sparkling blue waters of the Caribbean Sea. Once again, I am struck by the beauty of the underwater world-the waving fronds, the banks of pink coral dappled by the sunlight streaming from above, and, best of all, the schools of multicolored and very curious little fish that swim right up to our masks before flitting away.

When we are down about twenty feet, Joannie taps my arm and points off to our left.

Sure enough, there's that familiar head of coral, and beneath it is the small cave containing the stash. Joannie wants to head straight for it, but I grab her arm and point upward. She nods and we both head up and break the surface next to the Nancy B.

"Lads," I say to those whose heads hang over the rail, looking down upon us, "hand us down two tridents, and when we come up next time, have the net bag ready. All right, thanks."

Joannie and I each take one of the three-pronged spears and head back down. No way was I going to let either one of us stick our hands into that hole without poking our steel forks in first. I well remember my encounter with that moray eel on our last foray down to these waters, an encounter that almost got me killed.

The stash cave is only about thirty feet down. I knew at the time we hid the stuff, we might not have the lovely deep-diving bell with us if we ever had to come back here to retrieve the booty, and, indeed, we don't. It rests in the belly of the Lorelei Lee, serving now merely as dumb ballast, but it has proved its worth many times over.

Sure enough, when we shove our tridents into the cave, all manner of creatures come flying out, but none look very threatening, and so we go back up for a breath and the net bag.

Back down, I stick my hand in the cave while Joannie holds the bag open and ... yes, my fingers touch the smooth sides of an ingot, and I draw it out, hold it up before the grinning Joannie, and stick it in the bag. I retrieve the other two and cram them in there, also. Then I give the line a jerk and it flies up to the surface. We follow.

"Davy," I gasp, upon regaining my breath, "disguise those like you did the others before, while we go down to get the chest. Then we'll be done here."

When we had been here on the initial salvage of the Santa Magdalena's treasure and I decided that we needed a share of the gold-a share more generous than King George was prepared to give me, which was not much-Davy and Tink took the ingots from the hiding place within the Bell, painted them gray, and stored them down in the bilges with the lead ballast. The ruse worked the first time, surviving several searches, so it should work again. Things hidden in plain sight tend to be those things that remain undiscovered.

The lads empty the bag and flip it back over the side. Joannie and I surface dive together and wriggle down to the cave. I let her reach in to gather the last prize. She hauls out the small cask and shoves it into the bag and up we go again.

"Put it in my cabin, Jim. We'll be up in a little while," I say. "C'mon, Joannie, let's see about dinner."

We slip under again, retrieve our tridents, and go on the prowl, as dangerous to the denizens of the undersea world as any two hungry sharks.

After a fine dinner of redfish, grouper, and lobster tail, with hot cornbread on the side, I lean back in my chair and announce to my crew, "Joannie and I will dive for sponges this afternoon and tomorrow, and on the next day, we will head into Havana. We will pick up Tink, and there will be some well-earned liberty for all."

There are certainly cheers on that.

Chapter 15

No, we do not pick up my dear brother John Tinker when the Nancy B. once again sails boldly into Havana Harbor ... Instead, we attend his wedding ...

Upon her arrival, the Nancy B. managed to find dockage very close to the one she had two years ago when last she was here. Pay is given out and we hit the beach. Our mooring is very convenient to the center of the city ... and to Ric's Cafe Americano. It did not take long for her thirsty crew to pile into that place, scene of many happy times ... and some not so happy.

Pay is given out and we hit the beach.

I was greeted with open arms by Senor Ric, and, Yes, senor, I would be happy to do a set tonight, and just wait till you hear the new stuff I picked up in Spain! Tink appears, beaming, in his best clothes, with his dark-haired bride-to-be, Concepcion Maria Constanza Mendoza, Senor Ric's own dear daughter, smiling shyly on Tink's arm. The wedding, we are told, is to be the day after tomorrow, they having waited till we returned so Davy could be Tink's best man. I get to be a flower girl. I think I did not pass muster on the bridesmaid thing because of my rather checkered past. Probably the state of my maidenhood came up and I was found possibly wanting. Ah well, it's their show and I shan't take offense. I shall fling flowers with the best of them.

Since we have now arrived, Concepcion is immediately sequestered with her bridesmaids, and Tink is handed off to his bachelors. Before they get up to too much devilment, I take Tink aside and press a diamond ring and a necklace with a golden cross into his hand.

"Thanks, Tink, for being a good brother to me," I say, misting up a bit. "She's a fine girl, and I just know you'll be very happy together." I give him a kiss on his cheek.

"The Brotherhood forever, Jacky," is what he softly says in return, encircling me in his warm embrace. "Forever."

Several days ago, when the gold ingots had all been painted gray and stashed down below and we had hauled up the anchor and set sail for Havana, I called my crew to the quarterdeck, with the small chest under my arm. I did not have to call them twice.

They ranged themselves about me as I sat cross-legged before the after mast with the waterlogged cask between my knees, all eyes gleaming with a certain avarice.

"Now, mates," I warned, "this thing could just contain some old papers, once important to someone, but now a mere sodden mess, and nothing more"-I picked up the chest and gave it a bit of a shake and it rattled-"but somehow I don't think so."

Smiling my greedy, foxy grin, I applied my shiv to the latch and popped it open.

Ah, yes!

No soggy old love letters here, oh no, merely a mound of gold coins, loose jewels, and a good handful of bracelets and necklaces. There was a common gasp as I spread it all out before them.

"Those are Spanish doubloons there, lads, and if I were to pass out a few of them, aye, you would have a fine time in the taverns," I said. "But two-hundred-year-old coins would surely draw attention to us. The Dons consider any gold taken from the wrecks of the old treasure fleets to be theirs. Nay, lads, let Ezra Pickering fence those little lovelies, and rest assured, there will be a special bonus for all aboard."

I sensed a slight air of disappointment at this, and then went on ...

"However, I think we each deserve a bit of a treat for performing so well on this mission, so each of you take out a special token as a memento of this fine voyage."

Cheers all around on that.

I reached in and snagged a good-sized emerald, always my favorite, and slid it next to me. I also pulled out a diamond ring and a plain gold cross on a beautifully turned necklace and set them aside. "For our missing member," I said by way of explanation, and all nodded in agreement.

Davy also chose a ring with a diamond set upon it, which I am positive will soon rest on the delighted finger of one Annie Jones. Jim Tanner took out a blue sapphire hair clasp, which I am sure he thinks will look just smashing on Clementine's flaxen hair and matching her cornflower blue eyes, and I believe he is right.

Joannie and Daniel Prescott each chose identical thick gold rings, which they both passed off, each to the other, eyes locked in secret communication. Aw, how sweet, I was thinking. How long it will last, I don't know, but still, so, so sweet.

Jemimah Moses again chooses a ruby on a necklace. I strongly suspect it will not rest on her throat but rather on that of her daughter, Rosy, whom she rescued from slavery and of whom she is most proud.

John Thomas and Finn McGee both passed on taking anything from the pile and said, "Just give us an extra bump in pay when we gets back to Boston. All that sparkly stuff don't mean much to us. Last time we had some of it, the dolly-mops had it tucked deep in their purses and we poor sods was out in some alley face-down in a world of pain. No, Skipper, just put somethin' extra next to our names and we'll be happy."

In some ways, those two are brighter than they look.

It has been decided that Tink will remain in Havana after the wedding to set up the Caribbean office of Faber Shipping Worldwide. Even though the Embargo is still in effect, it can't last forever, and it would be good if we are already in place to take advantage of the rich West Indian trade when the Embargo does fall. Get a jump on the competition, as it were. Tink will be given a number of the gold doubloons from the treasure chest to accomplish his task. I think Ezra would approve.

And, too, I'm not so sure Concepcion is all that anxious to leave friends and family and head to the soon-to-be-frozen north, however much in love with her "Juan Teenker" she might be. Nay, best they stay down here for a while in the warmth of the Caribbean sun and better learn each other's language. They already know the language of love, but that only goes so far.

So it is that the crew of the Nancy B. Alsop turns to some serious fun. It's off to the taverns and beaches, and the bullfights. No, not for me, as I have no love for that particular blood sport, but there is one I do attend, with Davy, Tink, Daniel, and Joannie by my side.

It is to La Pelea de Gallos arena that we go, to return to the cockfights. We shoulder in next to the ring, get drinks from a passing vendor, and prepare to place our bets. Ah, yes, it is good to be back!

I assign Daniel to carefully watch Joannie, as it was in this very place that she was abducted the last time we were here-kidnapped by the evil pirate El Feo, he who now sleeps with the fishes and good for him, the evil bastard. She is miffed at that-I can take care of myself, thank you, Miss!-but she does not hold it against young Mr. Prescott, and the two are soon seen with arms about the waist and shoulders of the other as they watch the fights.

"So, Tink," I ask, all innocent. "Did you see Captain Flaco Jimenez when you landed at Bahia Honda?"

"Aye," says Tink, smiling and giving me a knowing look. "He greeted me most kind, gave me food and drink, and called for a coach to bring me here to Havana."

"Ah," I say. "And that is it?"

"Yes, Jacky, hate to disappoint you, but he says it is not wise for him to come into Havana right now, but he feels sure he will see his 'leetle Engleese jalapeno pepper' very soon," says Tink.

"Well, that shan't happen, and it is not a disappointment." I sniff, miffed at his insinuation. "I expect James Emerson Fletcher to be standing on the dock when we return."

"Right," says Tink, and turns his attention back to the ring. "Plus, I told him you were in New Orleans and not around here."

"Good," I say, not meaning it much.

"Senors y senoritas! Buenos dias! Welcome to La Pelea de Gallos! For your pleasure, the first match of the day!"

A man in a red sash has appeared in the center of the ring, and the big doors at the rear open to reveal two men in white linen suits marching out, clutching their gamecocks under their arms.

"On the right, we have Roberto Ricardo from Rancho del Mar!"

The man lifts his bird and the crowd roars.

"And on the left is Jesus Maria Maldonado from Hacienda de la Playa!"

When the men have reached the center of the ring, Red Sash orders, "Engage!" and the two men hold their cocks beak to beak to infuriate them and get them in true fighting form.

As they do this, I think back to my own warrior, a veteran of this very ring ...

El Gringo Furioso-you devil. What do you tell your sons, eh? I visit with the old warrior when I am at Dovecote-he struts around, his chest out, plainly proud of his harem of hens and the covey of black and white chicks that scamper about. Do you tell them of your glorious battles in the ring of La Pelea de Gallos in Havana, do you? How you overcame the great champion El Matador and struck him down to the bloody ground. You know your silver fighting spurs still hang there on the wall of your coop, should you ever need them again. Amy Trevelyne tells me a number of your proud young cocks have been sent off to other estates to breed with other, heavier birds. Apparently, your sons are doing quite well as fighters in the ring. Some now live and prosper at Monticello, President Jefferson's kip, so, El Gringo Furioso, thy tribe doth increase ......

My mind is brought back to Havana in the here and now as the red-sashed ringmaster calls out, "Fight!"

And so the day goes. I win some, lose some, but it's all good. After a fine afternoon, we head back to the Nancy B., Joannie and I to prepare for a set at Ric's Cafe Americano, and the rest of the rogues get ready for Bachelors' Last Night Out ...

Davy, Jim, Daniel, Thomas, and McGee, all dressed in their best, haul John Tinker off the Nancy B. and head for the center of the city. I catch fragments of their talk ... Ain't too late to turn back now, Brother! ... and ... Till Death Do Us Part could be a long, long time, Tink! ... and ... You're still a free man ... We can hop on the Nancy and be outta here in no time! C'mon, she'll get over it!

Same as it ever was, same as it ever was ... I just hope they'll be in some sort of shape for the wedding tomorrow.

Chapter 16

A weary Nancy B. Alsop pulled out of Havana Bay the day after the wedding and set her sails for New Orleans and, yes, it had been a glorious wedding ...

Havana Cathedral has been described as "music set in stone" and I feel the description is apt. Unlike other cathedrals I have been in, this one is low, rather than high, and is irregular, with one tower bigger than the other, and not much in the way of stained-glass windows-but still, it is soothing to the mind and comfortable in the way a church should be. And, in addition, like Saint Paul's in London and Notre Dame in Paris and La Basilica de San Francisco el Grande in Madrid, or even that Buddhist temple in Burma, it did not express any displeasure with the presence of the noted sinner Jacky Faber within its consecrated and holy walls. At least there were no gargoyles to scowl at her ... Hmmm. Except in that last case-the Buddhist temple where I knelt before the Gautama Buddha at the side of my dear sister Sidrah-there was a major earthquake and tsunami. Were the gods trying to tell me something? I dunno ...

I sit in a pew with Jim Tanner on one side and Jemimah Moses on the other. We are all dressed in our best. Joannie Nichols sits in the bench in front of us, in Lawson Peabody black, holding hands with Daniel Prescott in his best Faber Shipping finery and looking about in wonder at the richness of the place. This is not a New England wedding, her eyes are saying, and it is true.

There is a blare of trumpets and the wedding Processional begins. Here come Davy, the best man, and the rest of the groomsmen, shaky on their pins but managing to do their part. I do not know when they came in last night, but I suspect it was early morning, well after Joannie and I got back from our very successful performance at Ric's. The flamenco numbers, La Paloma and Malaguena Salerosa, knocked 'em dead, as I knew they would. Thank you, Django......

No, this is not a solemn New England wedding, wherein the only two obviously happy people present are the bride and groom-and maybe the parents in relief at casting off two troublesome offspring into some sort of respectable life. No, this is marriage, Spanish style.

The reception takes place at Ric's Cafe Americano, and he has outdone himself in the way of lavish display. There are garlands of aromatic flowers festooned about, tables laden with food and drink, and the dance floor cleared for ... La Bamba!

Para bailar la bamba

Para bailar la bamba

Su necesita una poca de gracia

Una poca de gracia ...

Since I am the flower girl and friend to the groom and known to senor Ric, I am chosen to take up my guitar and start the festivities. I sing that verse as the newly married Concepcion and John Tinker take the floor. She is dressed in white with a small black apron and he in his finest Faber Shipping nautical gear. The sense of the thing is that one must "have a bit of grace in order to sing this song," and I hope I have that bit of grace as I go on ...

Para mi, para ti, ay arriba y arriba

Ay arriba y arriba

Por ti sere, por ti sere, por ti sere!

Tink has a long red sash wrapped around his waist and Concepcion unwinds it, spinning him slowly about. Tink is not a great dancer, due to his wounded leg, but he manages a huge grin as well as some fancy footwork-steps that I taught him yesterday-much stamping of his booted feet and all.

The ribbon is spread out straight on the floor and the newly married pair dance around it and begin to shape it about with little movements of their toes, the object being to form it into a bow, symbolizing the bond between the two performing the dance. Arriba, arriba! means take it higher! higher! encouraging the newlyweds to move faster! faster! and, indeed, the tempo of the music picks up as I strum all the faster.

Yo no soy un marinero

Yo no soy un marinero,

Soy Capitan,

Soy Capitan, soy Capitan!

This verse is usually sung by the groom, proclaiming him to be not just a simple sailor but a mighty captain, captain of both their fates. Their attention is to the ribbon and it seems to be taking shape. I knew this to be a Mexican tradition that had traveled out to the Hispanic islands and I briefed the confused Tink on how the thing was done and he seems to be doing all right while sweating mightily. I keep the thing going with a quiet vamp as they press on ...

Ba, ba, bamba!

Ba, ba, bamba!

Ba, ba, bamba!

Ba, ba, bamba.

Bam!

They have accomplished the task. Concepcion bends gracefully down and picks up the ends of the ribbon and, indeed, it is now in the form of a graceful bow, and it is held up for all to admire.

There is great applause and cries of ole! and Concepcion takes up the ribbon and unties it and gives one end to Tink and then walks a short distance away and then places the other end on her own waist and spins around and around till she winds up in Tink's arm with the ribbon wrapped tight around her middle.

He places a kiss on her brow, as I round things out with a final verse ...

Para bailar la bamba

Para bailar la bamba

Su necesita una poca de gracia

Una poca de gracia ...

Para mi, para ti, ay arriba y arriba

Ay arriba y arriba Por ti sere, por ti sere, por ti sere!

Ba, ba, bamba!

Ba, ba, bamba!

Ba, ba, bamba!

Ba, ba, bamba.

Bam!

I fade out into silence on the last lines and the party starts for real.

New England should take notice ... Ole!

Chapter 17

We are once again heading up the mouth of the Mississippi River to New Orleans, with the intention of boarding Mrs. Babineau's next batch of girls, reclaiming Clarissa Worthington Howe, and having a bit of fine liberty in one of the greatest liberty ports in this hemisphere.

We accomplish the first two goals, but not the third ...

I know that trouble is afoot as soon as I ascend the steps of the House of the Rising Sun, Davy Jones and Jim Tanner by my side, and Herbert greets me with, "Bonjour, Miss, but you'd best see Madame Babineau, tout de suite." He is not smiling when he says that and opens the door for us.

I wonder about this as I enter the foyer, but I do not wonder long for Mrs. Babineau comes storming out of her office as soon as Herbert announces me. She is plainly furious ...

Uh-oh ...

"You!" she cries, coming up before me and sticking her quivering finger in my face. "You bring that thing here and then go away and leave her? You go up there now and get her the hell out of here, you!"

She points up the stairs and snarls, "Claudelle's room!"

I waste no time in running up the stairs. When I reach the landing, followed closely by my lads, I hear the sound of wailing and charge into the very yellow room of Mam'selle Claudelle de Bourbon, and the wailing is not coming from Clarissa, no, it is coming from a very distraught Mam'selle, who is standing crying in a corner, wringing her hands.

"Oh, Precious!" she cries. "Thank God you've come!"

No sound comes from Clarissa Worthington Howe, who lies on her back on Mam'selle's very rumpled bed, clad only in chemise and drawers. Her mouth is open and a streak of white extends from each nostril down over her upper lip. There is a large brown stain on her undershirt that I can only hope is merely whiskey.

I whirl on Mam'selle. "How could you let this happen!"

Mam'selle's face is contorted with anguish, as she holds out her arms to me. "Oh, Precious, you can't be mad at your Mam'selle, you just can't! I could not bear that! Please tell me you're not!"

I ignore her outstretched arms. "You knew she was my friend and new to your town," I say severely.

"Oh, Precious, did you ever try sayin' no to that girl? She just won't listen!"

I then turn and point down with a stiff finger to Clarissa's crotch and demand, with menace in my voice, "Any men there?"

"Oh, no, Precious, no ... mens," she whimpers, looking away. "I wouldn't let that happen to your dear frey-und."

"What did she have?" I ask, looking down on the sodden mess on the bed.

"Oh, just a little morph**e ... whiskey ... not all at once, mind you, I been watchin' out for her, really I has ... absinthe ... smoke ... lots of hemp, some of it laced with opium ... She don't know how to handle that junk, but still she kept keepin' on ... I had to hang on tight."

"All right," I say, having heard enough. "Davy. Jim. Wrap her in that sheet, then pick her up and let's get her out of here."

As they go to do it, I walk over to the sniveling Mam'selle and say, "I am most definitely not pleased with what happened here, but I know she can be most willful and I forgive you, Mam'selle, I do." I plant a kiss on her brow and turn back to Clarissa just as Mrs. Babineau bursts into the room, waving a sheet of paper.

"You may forgive, but I do not. That one," she snarls, pointing at the unconscious Clarissa who now rests on Davy's shoulder, her rump in the air. She waves the paper in my face. "That chienne owes me four hundred and seventeen dollars, for food, drink, gambling markers, and damage to my house. She will pay me back, either on her back or on her knees, but she will pay me back."

I pause a brief moment to wistfully imagine Clarissa paying her debt in either of those positions, then I banish those lurid images from my mind and I reply to the outraged Mrs. Babineau ...

"Mrs. Babineau, you have always been most kind to me in our past dealings and I thank you for it. Furthermore, I do not expect you to suffer for my friend's transgressions, so this is what I propose: You were to pay me five hundred dollars to transport ten of your girls to Boston?"

She nods.

"You will not have to pay that. They will ride for free and Faber Shipping and the House of the Rising Sun will be square. Do you agree?"

She considers, then nods again. "Oui. As long as you get her out of here now."

Done and done.

"Throw her on the bed," I order as we enter my cabin back on the Nancy B. "Then prepare the ship to get underway. We have once again worn out our welcome in yet another town. All shore leave is cancelled. Let's go home."

I hear no protest on that as Davy flings Clarissa on my bed. Her arms and legs flop around, but still she does not make a sound. I begin to worry. Davy and Jim leave, to get on with things, as Joannie enters and looks at what lies on my bed.

"Wot ... ?" she begins, but I cut her short.

"Go get Jemimah. We need her."

As she flees, I put the palm of my hand to Clarissa's forehead. Seems all right ... but I don't know what to do. I know how to sew up a wound, how to take out a bullet ... but I don't know what to do here ... please ...

In a moment, Jemimah comes in and regards the mess on the bed.

"Good Lord, what happened?" she exclaims.

"Too much bright lights, big city, and way too much of what New Orleans had to offer," I reply. "Jemimah, I don't know what to do."

"Hmm ..." she says, considering. "Back on the Hamilton Plantation, young Master Ashley Hamilton sometimes used to be brought back in a coach from Charleston lookin' just like this, and we house nigras learned how to deal wit' it."

I look at her. "How?"

"You got to bring 'em back slow, else they go crazy," she says. "Sister Girl, you go get some cloths and some cold water. Quick, now."

Joannie scurries out, returning in a moment with a bucket in her hand and rags over her arm.

"Here, now, take a cloth, dip it, wring it out and hold it against her face, like this," she says, "and over her brow, too."

I pick up a cloth, wet it, and apply it to Clarissa's face. It seems she moans a bit at the touch of the cold compresses, and I find that encouraging.

"Pull her top down and swab her chest, too. She'll prolly start in sweatin' pretty heavy, but keep swabbin'."

I do it, dropping the cloth back into the bucket to keep it cool, for sure enough, Clarissa starts putting out a lot of sweat ... and then ... and then ... she starts to speak ...

"Mammy Josie ... help me, Mammy Josie. Ah'm sick, Mammy Josie."

"I t'nk she gone back to her child days in her mind now," observes Jemimah. "But at least she can talk, which is a good sign."

"Help me, Mammy Josie," gasps Clarissa. "Ah ... ah gotta go potty ..."

"Not on my bed, you don't!" I exclaim, horrified. "C'mon, let's get her offa there!"

I grab one arm and Jemimah the other, while Joannie hauls down Clarissa's drawers, and we get her in the chamber pot chair. After she's done, we clean her up, leaving drawers and chemise on the floor, and then get her back in my bed, where she gets into some serious raving.

"I don' wanna! No, I won't do that! Let me alone, all of you, just let me alone!"

We don't know just with whom she is talking, but then Jemimah says, "Time for a bath, now, which she sure could use. I t'ink a cold one would be best."

I go to the door and shout, "John Thomas! My tub, filled with cold water, in here, now!"

Clarissa Worthington Howe shrieks as she is lowered into the cold-water tub. She thrashes about, but we manage to hold her down in it.

"What are you doing to me? Help! Help! Oh, please, help me! I am so c-c-c-c-cold!"

I think she is returning to her senses and say, "What we are doing is trying to return you to this world, Clarissa, whether you want to come back or not. Do you understand me?"

Her ice blue eyes look at me uncomprehending. "W-w-what? I'm c-c-cold. Why are you being mean to me? Why?"

"What is your name, girl?" I demand, grabbing a handful of her hair.

"I ... I ..." The baby blues still look at me without much sense in them. "I don't know, I-"

I force her head down into the water and hold it there for a good long while, till she starts violently struggling, then I pull her head back up, with the water streaming over her gasping face.

"Now," I say, all relentless, "what is your name and what is the name of this ship?"

"M-m-m-my name is Clarissa ... Clarissa Worthington ... Howe," she gasps. "And ... this is the Nancy B."

"Right. And who am I?"

"You are ..." she whispers, her teeth chattering, "J-J-Jacky Faber."

"And what am I?"

"C-C-Captain of this g-g-goddamn boat," she says with some of the old venom back in her voice.

"You'd better believe it, Clarissa," I say, releasing my grip on her hair.

"Easy now, girl," Jemimah says to me. "Lighten up a bit." She is a little more sympathetic toward our unfortunate subject than I am. My crew and I had been looking forward to a few fine days in New Orleans and we did not get them because of this spoiled little Southern Belle.

"All right," I say, relenting. "Joannie. Hot water now."

Later, when the cold water in the tub has been replaced with the hot and steaming, Clarissa's teeth stop chattering, but she still seems somewhat shaky. Heeding Jemimah's advice to let Clarissa down easy, I take my bottle of Tincture of Opium, also known as Jacky's Little Helper, and pour her a dram and hold it to her lips.

"Take this, my errant Sister, and drink," I say. "It is one of those things you have been throwing into your body the last week or so. It will make you feel better. Tomorrow you shall get half a dram, the next day a quarter, and then nothing after that. Do you understand?"

She nods, her eyes sullen. She drinks down the dram and says, "Ummm ..." as so many have before.

I once again grasp a hank of her matted hair and thrust her head down between her knees, but only for a short time, just long enough to wet her hair. When I bring her back up, I apply soap to her blond mop and begin to lather it up.

Jemimah and Joannie have gone off to prepare dinner, and I can tell from the movement of the ship that we are out on open water again.

"Do you know what could've happened to you back there when you were in that helpless state? You could now be carrying some drunkard's child, or even worse, find yourself with a case of the pox. Do you know that?"

"Don't care, don't care, don't care. Just leave me alone."

"What makes you act the way you do, Clarissa?" I ask, truly curious.

"Whatever do you mean?" she asks in a dream sort of way, plainly now feeling the beneficial effects of the Tincture of Opium.

"You are the daughter of a powerful family with enormous holdings of land and property, you have a high position in society and will never lack for money, and your marriage prospects are beyond the dreams of the majority of girls in this land, me included. Dip down to rinse."

Her head goes under again and my fingers work at her scalp to free her hair of soap. She comes back up laughing, the water running out of her open mouth and over her perfect teeth.

"I have everything, right? Money, position, and power? Right. I have all of those things, but what I do not have is what you have."

"Oh, come on, Clarissa, just what do I have that you might covet? This little boat? My silly little company that your father could buy ten times over and crush me like a bug in the process? Just what is it?"

She leans back, luxuriating in the steam and the warmth, and she smiles and says, "If I ask my daddy to buy me another fine horse like Jupiter, he will do it. Another slave to take the place of Angelique? He would buy me two. If I beg of Momma for more fine crinoline dresses, why of course, dear, anything you want in this world and it is yours, as your birthright ..."

Clarissa straightens up in the tub and continues, "... but if I were to say, Daddy, please buy me a little boat like that Jacky Faber has so I could go out a-roving like she does, he would say, No, daughter, put such notions out of your head. There is a grand ball tonight and you must look your prettiest, for all the local swains will be there-the Randolphs, the Calhouns, the Wilkes, the Clays-why, the very flower of Southern manhood will be there at your feet.

"And they would be there, you may be sure, Jacky," she says. "But I do not want that. What I want is what you've got."

"And what is that, Sister?"

"Freedom. Pure and simple."

Well ... What can I say to that?

Chapter 18

"Mmmm ... These are right good," I say, bringing the Faber grinders down on yet another mouthful of salted roasted peanuts. Clarissa, who sits next to me at the mess table, grunts her agreement. We are both back in our sailor garb, after a fine three-day stay in Savannah, dressed in our best ... or rather my best, Clarissa not having brought anything with her when she embarked on this cruise. There were some excellent inns, Peter Tondee's Tavern being one, and we had a fine time, all our crew managing, for once, to avoid arrest.

Jemimah had fixed up a batch of the peanuts, first soaking the lumpy pods in brine, and then roasting them in her stove.

"Yes, m'am. And they will put some meat on your bones, girl, 'cause them goobers is full of oil," she says. "Sister Clarissa could use some more flesh, too, as I see's it." Jemimah shakes her head. "Skinny white girls, I swear, how do they get on in this world? That's why you two ain't married up yet. You know that to be true."

Clarissa and I exchange a glance and both of us forgo a second helping of the admittedly delicious beans. After all, I have to stay trim to climb the rigging, and she has to fit into ball gowns without the aid of corsets.

"But won't it be kinda tedious, shelling all these peanuts just for a free handout at the Pig?" I ask.

"Don't do it, girl. Your customers got hands. Let'm shell their own goobers, otherwise they'll eat'm up too fast. Back in our quarters, we'd t'row the shells on the floor. They smell good when you walk on 'em, and easy to sweep up after."

"And that's what the Pig will do, Jemimah, and we'll see how it goes."

Joannie and Daniel have been loading up on hot peanuts at the stove, and Joannie paused long enough to say, "Auntie. We ain't heard what happened to Brother Rabbit after he got himself caught by the Sheriff and tossed in jail."

"Well, children, you 'member how Sheriff John Coon done caught Brother Rabbit stealin' the Massa's cabbage and throwed his pink butt behind bars ..."

Three-no-four heads nod avidly.

"And Brother Rabbit he pleads, his head stuck through the bars, 'Sheriff Raccoon, why you doin' dis to me? You know I gots to feed my chillun?'

"'I know dat,' says Brother Raccoon, makin' sure the door to the cage is locked tight, 'but it don't make no difference to The Man. I got my orders. They gone hang your sorry ass in the mornin'. Sorry, Brother, but that's the way it is. Now, you want yore last meal now, or in the mornin' jus' before they strings you up?'

"Brother Rabbit thinks hard on this, then he say, 'I'll take it now, Brother, so's I can enjoy it better, digestion-wise.'

"'All right, then. Whatchu want to eat?'

"'All I wants, Brother Coon,' says Rabbit, 'is a whole pile of God's good goobers, roasted up nice and hot. I always liked 'em and I'll be able to tell the Lord when I see's him tomorrow just how thankful I was for Him providin' 'em to me and mine.'

"'Well, that won't be too hard to do, Brother,' says Brother Coon. 'I'll see that yore poor self has a whole mess of 'em right quick,' and Brother Coon goes out to get 'em."

"But, Auntie," pipes up Daniel. "Wouldn't Brother Rabbit ask for something a little more fancy for his last meal? I know I would."

"That's 'cause you ain't as bright as Brother Rabbit, Brother Boy." Jemimah sniffs. "Anyway, Sheriff Coon comes back in the jail and places a hot bushel of goobers outside Brother Rabbit's cell. Then he goes out the door and strolls home to have dinner with Missus Coon, leavin' Brother Rabbit alone."

"And so this rabbit eats himself sick on the peanuts and then gets hanged in the mornin', which he got coming?" snorts Clarissa. "Some story. Any rabbit steals the cabbages on our plantation would find his tail full of buckshot, and him on the dinner table, never mind the hangin'."

"Well, that ain't how the story goes, Cook's Helper Clarissa, and you ain't on your fine plantation now, so hush."

Clarissa hushes, and Jemimah goes on.

"So as soon as Sheriff Coon is out the door, Brother Rabbit takes big bunches of the hot, oily goobers and, oh no, he don't eat, no. He tosses 'em on the floor of his cell and commences to stomp on 'em with his big hind feet till he git a big, greasy mess. Then he pick up a handful of the slop with his little front paws and spreads it all over his body, startin' with his head, then his shoulders, and finally to his narrow hips. He grease himself real good and then goes to the bars. He puts his head in between two of 'em and begins to push hard and pop! it slides right on through and Brother Rabbit knows he's got it made now, 'cause his head is his widest part. He wriggles a bit and the rest of him comes slidin' through."

Jemimah pauses in her work and then concludes ...

"Brother Rabbit slips out the front door of the jailhouse and then hops happily down the bunny trail, back to his wife and family, hummin' a little tune ...

If you get to heaven, 'fore I do,

Just cut a hole and pull me through.

If I won't slide, then rub my hide,

With a whole mess of goober goo.

Take it easy, Brothers and Sisters ...

... Go greasy.

Just then, Jim Tanner pokes his head in the door and says, "Ship, Missy, to the south, and comin' on fast. She's flyin' the red colors."

A pirate!

I am topside in a second, followed closely by the others. Jim hands me my long glass and I head up into the rigging. When I gain the crow's nest, I put the glass to my eye and train it on our visitor. It looks like ... But I can't be sure. "Joannie! Go down and get our Jolly Roger, and fly him from the masthead. Quick, now!"

There are a number of the passengers on deck enjoying the fine day and I order them below. "There might be trouble, ladies, and you're better off down there. Keep calm, now."

Joannie rushes back into my cabin and returns with the flag, and soon the grinning-skull-and-crossbones is snapping from the mainmast above me.

Joannie appears at my side.

"What do you think?"

"Dunno. He might not be chasing us ... but still ... On deck there! Clear for action! Man the guns!"

I see the lads rushing to their battle stations below. Joannie does not have to be told; she, too, flies down to her duty as powder monkey.

Closer ... closer ... just who the hell are you ...?

The ship, which appears to be a medium-sized brig, grows ever nearer ... and then I can make out the flag ... Ha!

"Don't worry!" I shout down. "It's just Flaco! But stay at your guns just in case."

It is well that I said that, for, when I put glass back to eye, I see that Flaco Jimenez's El Diablo Rojo is being chased by another, larger vessel. I have no doubt that Flaco has been up to no good, but still, I must go to the aid of my fellow member of the Piratical Brotherhood.

Damn!

I head back down.

"There's another ship behind Flaco's!" I say to Jim at the helm as my feet hit the deck. "Bring her about and we'll see what we can do for him."

Jim throws the wheel over and the Nancy B. heels to the left and comes about. The lads leave their guns to climb aloft to trim the sails for the new course, and then drop back down to resume their stations.

We are slowed by our turn and drift back on a southerly course, as the two ships draw abreast of us. I put the glass back to my eye, and sure enough, there's Flaco Jimenez astride his quarterdeck, grinning at me and waving. Then there is a craaack! from the other ship and he ducks and is not grinning anymore.

"What's going on?" asks Clarissa, who has appeared by my side.

"Oh," I say. "It's an old friend from my younger days. We spent a summer buccaneering in the Caribbean. He appears to be in a bit of trouble."

She gives me a look. "What will you do?"

"As soon as I see what colors the other ship is flying, I will decide," I say, my glass still to my eye. "Ha! She's flying the Tricolor! Prolly one of Lafitte's fleet! Jim, hard left! Come up behind Flaco as he passes."

"What's going to happen?" asks Clarissa.

I cut her a look as I slap my long glass shut and say, "We are going to have what is called an 'action.' You'd best get below."

Damn! I am short-handed! I wish I had John Tinker here! Damn!

Just then the pursuing vessel's bow-chaser lets go again ... crraack! and smash! the ball crashes into our rail as we cross El Diablo's wake and splinters rain across our deck.

Flaco, seeing what we have done, brings his ship about to aid us in this fight.

"Ready the broadside! Fire!" Davy, Thomas, and McGee jerk their lanyards and ...

Craaack! Craaack! Craaack!

All our starboard guns pour forth their murderous fire. One of the balls plows into the water just short of the enemy ship but two slam into his side.

"That hurt him! Portside now!" The three gunners leap to the guns on the other side. "Joannie, Danny! Reload! Powder! Shot! Jim, bring her about! Hard alee!"

I see that Clarissa is standing there still. She did not go below. Very well ...

"You, too!" I shout at her. "Follow Joannie! Get powder! She'll show you!" I give her a push in the direction of the hatchway, and she dashes off after the kids.

As the Nancy B. turns her head into the wind and comes about on the other tack, there is a long boooooommmm as Flaco brings his heavier guns to bear and fires them off. The French ship is hurt, but still he comes doggedly on.

Hmmmm ... He shows more fight than one of Lafitte's captains would usually do ...

The Nancy B. has completed her turn and the port guns now bear.

"Lads! Aim and fire when ready! Try for the waterline!"

Davy leans over his swivel gun, aims, locks it down, judges the roll of the ship, and then jerks the lanyard.

Crraaack!

Then the other two guns fire together ...

Craaack! Craaack!

... and we watch ... and yes!

Two of the balls hit the hull of the Frenchy, one of them right at his waterline, and I can see the water pouring in.

"Good shooting, lads! Reload!"

Joannie, Danny, and Clarissa have finished loading the starboard guns and rush to the port side. As they go, I see ... Hooray! He has had enough!

I grab Clarissa's arm as she goes by me. She turns to look and, indeed, the enemy is turning away, intent now on saving his ship from sinking. He, however, is not quite done. A puff of smoke appears at his stern and a low boooommmm sounds across the water. He has fired his stern chaser in a final act of defiance.

We wait for it and sure enough ... the ball comes whistling toward us and I squeeze Clarissa's arm and ...

WHOOOOSH!

The ball passes right between our faces. We stand such that our heads are a mere two feet apart-if that shot had veered one foot either way, the Lawson Peabody School for Young Girls would have lost, in a rather grisly fashion, one of their very recent graduates.

Clarissa shudders, and I shake a bit, too, but then say, "Aye, that was close, Sister, but as the saying goes, a miss is as good as a mile. And you acquitted yourself well, Seaman Apprentice Howe, you should be proud. You can now truthfully say that you are a combat veteran in the fight against the French."

"But I am not mad at the French," she says, leaning down to pluck a small splinter from her ankle. "I am mad at you."

"Ah, and a severely wounded veteran, and grateful to her commander, as well. If Faber Shipping ever has a medal struck commemorating this battle, you shall have one, for sure. And oh, look. Flaco is coming alongside."

"Can you trust him?" asks a very dubious Clarissa.

"As much as I trust any pirate," I reply. "But no, Flaco is all right."

El Diablo Rojo pulls up next to us, starboard side to, and Clarissa and I go to stand on my quarterdeck. I see faces I recognize and I wave and call out, "Coyote! Serpiente! And young Perrito, too! Hola! All of you! And could that be the mighty Chucho, mi amigo, come back to the Red Brotherhood? Yes, it is! I knew you could not stay away for long! The life of a simple farmer not for you, como no? I thought so! The Brotherhood forever!"

And there, of course, is Captain Flaco Jimenez. As soon as our gunwales touch, he is over the rail and bounding onto my quarterdeck, his smile bright, his eyes gleaming, his arms outstretched, beads and jangles dangling from his long braided black hair.

"Cara mia!" he exults. "My little Inglese cactus flower has come back to her Flaco, as I knew she someday would, the good God be praised!"

He puts one arm around my waist and with his other hand grabs a hank of my hair and pulls me over backward. Flaco and other males of my acquaintance have discovered that, when they pull back the Faber head in this manner, the Faber mouth conveniently opens.

Flaco brings his mouth on mine and I am kissed with the purest of Hispanic ardor. It seems I often find myself in this posture when meeting up again with gentlemen friends-not that Flaco is in any way a gentleman, but he does have his charms.

Ummm ... but no ...

I push him away, getting his hands off my tail and his tongue out of my mouth.

"It is good to see you again, Flaco," I say, somewhat breathless, "although I am growing somewhat tired of bailing your swarthy butt out of trouble."

"But I was not in trouble!" Flaco insists, then laughs.

"It seems that Frenchy was very intent on bagging your sorry ass."

"Ah, mi querida, that was because I have his wife down below. If things had gotten close, I would have thrown her overboard and he would have had to stop to pick her up."

"His wife?"

"Si. She is a hostage. Grabbed her in a raid on Martinique. Which is the reason for the French colors on that other ship."

"And did you enjoy her charms, you picaro?" I say, giving him a poke in the side and a severe look.

"No, mi corazon, you are the only love of my life and I have to keep myself pure for you."

I give a profoundly disbelieving snort.

"Besides, she is a shrew. Believe me, she is in my brig, not in my bed. I think that Captain wanted to be rid of both me and her, which is why he tried so hard to sink me. It would have been most convenient for him. After all, the amount of her ransom was small, but still he did not pay it."

"Well, Flaco, you must have dinner with us and bring me up to date on your adventures and-"

It is at this time that he notices Clarissa standing next to me. He gasps, "And what is this, then? A hostage? An angel?"

Clarissa, though dressed in the simplest of sailor togs, does not need fine clothes to look beautiful. Noticing the male attention, she shakes her head to fluff out her blond locks, takes a deep breath to fill out her chest, and brings the full force of those baby blues to bear on Flaco Jimenez.

"No, Flaco, she is neither of those. She is a sometime friend of mine. Miss Clarissa Worthington Howe, may I present Captain Flaco Jimenez?"

He does not seem to hear me. He gets down on one knee before her and says, "If she is hostage, I will trade her for the wife of the French capitan."

"No deal, Flaco," I say, a bit miffed.

"I have three fat merchants below on El Diablo Rojo, crying their eyes out. I will trade them all for this angel of beauty," says Flaco, his eyes fixed on Clarissa.

"Still no deal," I say.

"But I am in luff!" protests the plainly smitten Flaco.

"I thought you were in luff with me, you dog!" I retort.

"I am, I am, carina, but ..."

I'm getting a bit tired of this. First Randall drops me as soon as he sees Polly Von; Lord Allen's eyes light up upon seeing Sidrah; and now I see Flaco being dazzled by Clarissa. I know I have no claim on any of those gents, but still ... I'm going to have to start traveling with less glamorous female companions.

"Ship, Miss," calls Daniel from the foretop. "A big one. North, northeast, just over the horizon."

Instantly long glasses are snapped open and trained on the intruder.

"It's that damned Yankee Chesapeake!" says Flaco, obviously not pleased. "She has been up and down this coast forever. Nothing but trouble for honest pirates. Madre mia! Here I have the two most beautiful muchachas in all the world and I must flee because of that pig-dog of a Yankee. Maldita sea!"

I, myself, reflect that it's getting to be a real small ocean.

As the big frigate bears down upon us, Flaco climbs back into his ship and waves us off. "Adios, mis queridas! Remember your Flaco is waiting breathlessly for your return!"

With that, Flaco Jimenez and El Diablo Rojo are gone.

I turn my attention to the ship that approaches from the north.

"Joannie, pull down our black colors and put up the Faber Shipping flag. Yes, and the U.S. flag, too. They will board us to search the ship for contraband-to make sure we are not violating the Embargo. All they will find is a big pile of goobers, so be calm. Here they come." The ingots are all painted and hidden in the ballast, and the contents of the treasure cask are concealed 'neath my floorboards.

The USS Chesapeake slackens her sails and heaves to and lowers a lifeboat in which are six sailors, a naval officer ... and a young Marine officer ... Somehow, I suspected that would be the case, having seen the glint of long glasses trained upon us as the big ship approached.

The boat comes alongside and is secured, and we put a ladder down. Presently the naval officer comes up on deck, and since we are all dressed as simple seamen, no bows and curtsies are exchanged ... no niceties, either. The six sailors follow the officer aboard.

"I am Lieutenant Pulver of USS Chesapeake. We are here to inspect your vessel," huffs the very junior and very self-important young lieutenant, his nose high in the air. "Who is Captain here?"

I step forward and say, "This is the Nancy B. Alsop, out of Boston, registered under Faber Shipping Worldwide, an American corporation. I, Jacky Faber, am Captain."

He looks dubious at that, but says, "You will report your cargo and stand aside."

"We are northbound for Boston, carrying passengers and a cargo of sponges and goober peas. You may inspect."

He heads for the hatchway. "Peterman, Krueger," he orders, "follow me," and two of the sailors follow him dutifully down. Clarissa and I exchange a secret smile, knowing full well the nature of the passengers.

As they go below, Marine Second Lieutenant Randall Trevelyne comes on deck, as I suspected he would, looking magnificent in the new United States Marines' deep blue uniform with the high leather collar and white clay anchors affixed thereon.

Clarissa gasps upon seeing him, and her back goes ramrod straight and her eyes go hooded. I feel a slight pang of guilt-I knew that Randall was aboard this vessel, but I did not tell Clarissa-I could have warned her that he would arrive, but hey, all's fair in love and war, right?

"Lieutenant Trevelyne," I simper, doing a mock curtsy. "So good to see you again. Surely you remember my classmate Miss Clarissa Howe?"

When I first arrived in Boston to attend the Lawson Peabody, right after I got booted off the Dolphin, Clarissa and Randall had been engaged to be married, and I resolved to mess that up for Amy's sake, which I did. Was I wise in doing that? I don't know. I was very young and very impulsive ...

Clarissa acknowledges Randall's bow with a slight dip, but the eyes do not go downcast, oh no, they don't ... Instead, they burn into his.

"Well," says Randall, "this is one scene I never expected to see-the two of you together, and not at each other's throats."

"You are seeing it now, Randall," I say. "And, if you'd like to follow us, we can have a bit of a snack."

I catch Joannie's eye and signal for wine and food, and she scurries off to see Jemimah. Then sounds come from below ...

Oh, isn't he the most darling little navy officer! And these fine sailor boys! Let me show you my darling cabin! And you, too, yes ...

Randall cocks an eye at me in question.

"Another batch of girls for Mrs. Bodeen's, fresh up from New Orleans," I say by way of explanation.

Randall laughs and turns to the remaining four sailors left on the deck. "Best go down and see to Lieutenant Pulver, lads, and you might find a bit of fun."

There are more squeals of feminine delight as four more swabs plunge down the hatchway.

"There, that takes care of them," says Randall. "I think we may go below now."

We do so and seat ourselves about my little table. Joannie comes in with a tray of wineglasses, a bottle of Madeira, and some small sweet cakes.

She pours and we all lift glasses to each other.

"Cheers, Jacky," says Randall. "Clarissa."

"To your health, Lieutenant," say I.

"Save it, Randall," says Clarissa.

"Well put, dear," retorts Randall.

"Knock it off, you two. That was then and this is now," I say sternly.

"True," says Randall. He lifts his glass and drains it. "Ahhhh ...... Haven't had anything that good in a long time. The United States Navy is not big on creature comforts. Perhaps I should jump ship and join your crew. From the sounds below decks, it looks like you're on a rather jolly cruise." Joannie refills his glass. "Now, how is my lovely Polly Von?"

"She is well and looks forward to your return."

"That is good. We expect to dock in Boston in two weeks. If you see her before I do, please tender my warmest wishes."

"I will do so," I say. "Now tell me the thing about the Leopard."

His face darkens and loses all vestige of cheer.

"Disgraceful business. We stood there in dishonor. We were stopped and boarded and men were taken off our ship, and we did not put up a fight. One shot, one shot is all we were able to get off."

"Just one shot, my God," I whisper.

"Right. Captain Barron refused to fight. He hauled down our colors and gave up the ship, and let the British take the men and sail off. The Leopard's Captain hanged one of them for desertion in our plain sight, a sight I shall never forget. We took heavy damage, with three men killed and eighteen wounded. During the engagement, such as it was, I had the damned English bastard in my sights as I stood on the foretop with my men, but I was not allowed to fire."

I lay my hand on Randall's arm. "These things happen, Randall. It is not your fault."

"I know, but I do desire satisfaction. However, fifteen officers, including our new commander, Captain Stephen Decatur, have already challenged Captain Barron to duel on the field of honor, and so I must stand in line and wait my turn. Still, it rankles me ... the shame, the shame ... and it enrages many in the service and many in the government, and if our two countries once again take up arms against each other, it will be in part because of the Chesapeake-Leopard affair. Count on it."

I have no doubt of that-male honor and all ...

"But I hope with all my heart that it does not come to that, Randall, for I cannot bear to think of it," I say. "Now let us talk of more pleasant things."

"Very well," says Randall, brightening. "I informed Captain Decatur of who you are, and he has invited you over for dinner. Full dress, Jacky, and you know what I mean. Let's give 'em a bit of a jolt, eh?"

He gives me a wink on that and then turns to Clarissa. "I am sure the invitation will extend to you as well, Miss Howe."

Clarissa frosts him with her gaze, but before she can say something spiteful, I say, "We accept, and-"

Just then there is a timid knock and Mr. Pulver, looking slightly disheveled, pokes his head in the doorway and stammers, "Sir, I believe we have conducted our search and found nothing ... and I think we ought to get the men back."

"Right you are, Mr. Pulver. Gather the rascals up," says Randall, rising and bowing to us both. "Ladies, the USS Chesapeake will send a boat over at six o'clock. Will that be convenient? Good. See you then."

He goes out the hatch just as the sailors are coming up from below. Some are red-faced, a few are smirking, and the last one up, a young sailor hurriedly tucking his shirt into his trousers, whispers to Randall as he crosses the deck to the waiting boat, "Bless you, Sir ..."

"Here, Clarissa. You can wear the white Empire. It's thin and cool and shows off your best assets," I say, pulling the dress out of my narrow closet and laying it across my bed. "Forget stockings, you don't need 'em, and besides, it's too hot. Here, get it on. Joannie, get into serving-girl rig."

"I get to go, too?" she says, hopefully, pulling her shirt over her head.

"Yes, you shall go as our maidservant. You will stand behind our chairs and tend to our needs. You'll also be in charge of my fiddle and guitar."

"What? As your servant? I won't-"

"You'll do as you're told," snarls Clarissa. She has shed her simple sailor gear and pulled the thin white dress down over her head and adjusted it around her, the high waist, just under her br**sts, setting her superstructure off quite nicely. "Amazing, Jacky," she says, "how we have remained the same size over the years, hmm? Now you, girl, give my hair a bit of a brushup. I am not used to engagements with pirates and fear my appearance is the worst for it. Have you got a pink ribbon? Good. Tie it up with that."

"You don't ever have to worry about your appearance, Clarissa," I say, then turn to our sullen handmaiden. "Joannie, you'll either do it or you won't go. You're too young to be at the Captain's table, and besides, you weren't invited. I could take Daniel to perform the role, you know. So decide, girl."

She fumes, but she does it, picking up the brush and applying it to Clarissa's hair.

"And besides, Joan Nichols, I am sure there will be many pretty young midshipmen there, and they have not seen a girl in a long, long time."

I give her a wink on that and turn to my own dressing. I unpack my naval officer's rig-blue lieutenant's jacket, frilly white shirt with lace at neck and cuffs, tight white trousers, and black boots. I always carry it with me wherever I go, in case I need it. Yes, the Sin of Vanity, I know, but I am helpless before that particular sin.

After I get out of my sailor suit, I pull the lacy shirt over my head and let it fall to my waist. Then I step into the trousers and say, "Joannie, give me a tuck."

I wish Higgins were here, but Joannie manages, tucking in the shirttails as I bring up the pants and fasten the waist. Now the boots, and then the jacket. Fasten it down, and on with the medals from my jewel box-first the Legion of Honor on my left breast, then the Trafalgar medal, on its red, white, and blue ribbon, around my neck.

There, all shipshape and Bristol-fashion, I proclaim to myself upon viewing my image in the mirror. Just the way I like it.

I turn to the other two and break out my cosmetic kit.

"Here, Clarissa, a bit of powder for your-"

"I know how to do it," she says, taking the puff from my hand and applying it to her cheeks and chest. When she is done, I give Joannie a little dusting and then open my bottle of jasmine perfume and dab a little behind each ear and then do the same for Joannie.

"There, dear. That'll drop any midshipman to his knees if he is lucky enough to get his nose anywhere near your neck. Clarissa? Will you have some?" I hold the bottle out to her.

She takes out the stopper and sniffs. "Ah," she says with eyebrows raised in disdain, "our Miss Jacky Faber, nothing but the best in taste and refinement." But still, she takes a few dabs.

I stuff my midshipman's cap on my head and say, "Are we ready? Good. Then let's go."

The boat is sent over at the appointed hour and we are escorted onto the deck of USS Chesapeake, to be met there by Second Lieutenant Randall Trevelyne, USMC, and by Captain Stephen Decatur, himself. Introductions are made, bows and curtsies all around, a brief tour of the upper decks, where I find everything shipshape, of course, and then down into the Captain's cabin, where the table is prepared for a splendid feast-the places set, the candles lit, the wineglasses sparkling. Ah, yes, one of the many ways to Jacky Faber's heart.

We are seated, me to the left of the Captain, Clarissa to the right, Lieutenant Trevelyne by my other side, and the very fortunate Lieutenant Pulver to the left of the very beautiful Clarissa Worthington Howe. Glasses are filled, and Captain Stephen Decatur rises to his feet.

"God save the United States of America!" he says, and all rise to echo that wish. "God save the U.S.A.!"

I lend my voice to the toast, and when all have drunk, the Captain says to me, "As the only one here wearing the uniform of Britannia, Lieutenant Faber, would you like to offer a toast as well?"

"I would, Sir," I say, knowing in just what esteem a British officer is held on this particular American ship. I hold up my glass. "In spite of our recent difficulties, our two countries are not officially at war, and considering the brotherly love we have for each other, I hope with all my heart that they never shall be!"

Some hear, hears are heard, but they are faint and not unanimous, and more's the pity, for I fear the worst.

"Lieutenant Trevelyne has filled me in on your past exploits, Miss Faber. Could you please tell us of your recent activities? I believe you have been in Portugal with General Wellesley on the Peninsular Campaign against Napoleon?"

"Yes, Sir, I was there by his side at the Battle of Vimeiro and was thereafter sent to ..."

Yes, I sparkle in the telling of these past things, but I do not sparkle half so much as does the one who sits across from me ...

The brilliance of my meager fame fades quickly in the radiance of Clarissa's beauty. Yes, I tell of the Portuguese battles and of Madrid and Cartagena and the Roma and all that, but somehow that doesn't hold a candle to Clarissa's mere presence. All my military glory dims. These men have been at sea a long time, and the sight of Clarissa's girls sitting up all jaunty above her bodice, quivering with her slightest move, has captured every male's attention in the cabin. Hmmm ...

Note to self: Next time, girl, forget the uniform and do the dress.

"And we went into the palace to set up for the royal portrait and ..."

"... and what will you do now, Miss Howe?" asks the worshipful Lieutenant Pulver, his eyes full of Clarissa and completely in her thrall.

"Oh, Ah believe Ah shall go on the stage, as that befits my generous nature and mah desire to share mah special gifts with the world of the theater."

Oh, Clarissa, spare me ... She is sure layin' it on thick with the accent.

"And where will that performance be?" asks another smitten male farther down the table.

"Why, at the Emerald Playhouse in Boston, of course, you deah man, only the finest venue in that fair city, Ah do declare."

"Well, we shall be there, Miss Howe! Count on it! The Chesapeake expects to dock there within two weeks!"

"Well, Ah expects to see all you fine gentlemen at the stage door when Ah am finished with mah performance and in need of some comfort ..."

There is an exhalation of male breath all around the table.

"And now, Miss Joan, if you will hand me mah guitar, Ah will play some songs that you gentlemen might find amusin'."

I sit as Clarissa runs through some of the songs I have recently taught her-"Jolie Blonde," "Plaisir d'amour"-to the great acclaim of the gathering, then, protesting a need for some air, I go out of the cabin on Randall's arm.

"Well!" says Randall. "Clarissa is quite the belle of the ball! You must be jealous, given your nature."

We go to the rail and look out over the sea.

"Nay, Randall, let her have her fun, as I have had mine in similar circumstances, and in very similar cabins. No, let us enjoy this lovely night."

"You did hear we will be in Boston in two weeks?"

"Yes, Randall, and that will be grand. I shall tell Polly when we get back. I know she will be most happy."

I lean my head against his shoulder. "We are a very far way from Jena-Auerstadt, are we not, Lieutenant Trevelyne?"

"Indeed we are, Sous-Lieutenant Bouvier, and thank God for that."

I give his arm a squeeze as we hear sounds of merriment coming up from the Captain's cabin. Then I look over to see two forms at the other rail. In the moonlight I can see that one is a young girl and one is a young midshipman. The young girl lifts her head in that time-honored invitation for a kiss and the young man delivers it.

"Ahem," I say. "I believe it is time for me to get my brood back to my nest. Goodbye, Randall, I look forward to seeing you in Boston."

With that I give him a kiss on the cheek and go collect Clarissa and that Joannie.

When we are abed this night, Clarissa lifts her head from the pillow and whispers, "Did you have a good time with Randall out there on the deck?"

"Wot? No, we just talked."

"Uh-huh ..."

"Hey, you seemed to be having a good time back there in the cabin, so don't give me that."

"Uh-huh ..."

"And ..."

"Right ... I did have a good time. But one thing you gotta know, Jacky," she says, "I still owe you one ... for Randall."

I sit up and look down on her.

"But that's crazy. Neither one of us has Randall now, Clarissa. Polly Von has him."

"True, but I did have him once and then a certain dirty little London street urchin arrived on the scene and then I did not have him."

I give her a light punch.

"C'mon, Clarissa, we were but kids then. Just puppies. Surely that bet is off. Surely you cannot still bear a grudge."

"Oh? Of course not, dear," she says, her voice heavy with impending sleep, "but all is fair in love and war, right? And remember, Jacky, I do owe you one in the game of love, and someday I mean to collect. Goodnight, Jacky."

"Goodnight, Clarissa," I say, slipping off into sleep myself, but still wondering at the implied threat. Surely she cannot mean it, can she?

Chapter 19

James Emerson Fletcher

State Street

Boston, Massachusetts, USA

June 21, 1809

Miss J. M. Faber

The Pig and Whistle Inn

Boston, Massachusetts

Dear Jacky,

This shall be the last letter I shall send to you. I will conduct the business I must accomplish here in Boston, and then I shall be out of your life forever.

The reason for my change of heart will soon become clear to you. It goes like this:

Having taken lodging at the headquarters of Faber Shipping, I went out into the town to secure a place of business for my patron, and, having found a suitable space on State Street, I put down money, signed the necessary lease papers, and went to the Pig and Whistle for what promised to be an excellent lunch.

Feeling in high spirits on a very fine day, I hobbled back down to my lodging, soaking up the old familiar sights and looking out over the harbor in hopes of spying the returning Nancy B., but alas, that was not to be, and more is the pity. For if I had spotted you down at the docks, all this would not have happened.

As it were, I climbed the stairs to my rooms and was about to enter when I noticed that the door to your studio was ajar, probably left that way by a cleaning woman. Thinking you would not mind, since we soon would be sharing all things in our lives, I went in to look about.

It was a very pleasant, light-filled space, and I can see why you chose it for your workspace. Wandering about, I spied a very nice portrait in progress of a ship's captain, a large sign laid out proclaiming Wilson Bros. Ships' Chandlers, and some drawings, which I took to be student work, arranged about on wooden easels. Then I spied a leather tube, which looked a lot like a nautical map case.

Thinking that it might be a chart of your recent travels, which I would find most interesting, I removed the cap.

Indeed, I did find the contents most interesting ...

It was neither a chart nor a map. No, it was nothing more than the end of all my hopes that you and I might share a life together. How much, just how much, Jacky, can one man take, even a man such as I, who in the past has overlooked and forgiven some of your more outrageous transgressions?

I spread the canvas out on the workbench and it lay there, glowing in the afternoon light pouring through the tall windows. Beneath the reclining nude figure of the girl are these words, La Maja Virginal. Con todo mi amor. Amadeo Romero, 1808.

I do not have much fluency in the Spanish language, but it does not take much to figure out that Con todo mi amor means "With all my love."

I stood there and steamed in inchoate rage. Yes, I can well imagine what "all my love" meant in this case-all of you, from top to bottom, given up to this damned Amadeo Romero and, yes, to Joseph Jared and Richard Allen and all the rest of your mob of male "friends" whom you have successfully explained away in the past. Oh, yes, you have a glib tongue, Jacky, but I don't believe it will be able to explain away this one-and no telling where that lying tongue has been.

I slammed my rod down hard on the bench top, the green-eyed Monster of Jealousy in full possession of me. No, Master Kwai Chang, I cannot follow your teachings, I cannot let go of this thing that tears at my mind. I cannot. I am not a worthy student, I know that now. I know that I am merely a beast, driven by my passions, by my rage, and I shall remain forever so. I am sorry, Master, but that is the way of it.

I compliment this Senor Romero on his skill-the resemblance is striking, for it is definitely you lying there, Jacky, mocking me with your smile, no doubt about it. If I had ever once thought that I would rejoice in once again seeing you in your natural state with your Brotherhood tattoo proudly on your hipbone, I was dead wrong.

A great sadness fell over me. I rolled up the painting and put it back in its case. I retreated to my now unhappy room to pen this letter. I will drop it at the Pig and Whistle the day I leave Boston, after I have completed my business here.

I now put you out of my mind, Jacky. Only bitterness remains ...

In sorrow,

James Fletcher

PART III

GRAND OPENING!

The Emerald Playhouse

A new Theater on State Street, presenting only the finest in Musick, Dance, and the Thespian Arts. This season we offer the following:

NOW APPEARING

OPENING JULY 20

Many Lands, Many People, Many Songs, a Musickal Revue, featuring the Song and Dance Stylings of the Internationally Acclaimed Musician and Instrumentalist Miss Jacky Faber, as well as Vocals by Mr. Solomon Freeman and others. After Intermission there will be a playlet, The Villain Pursues Constant Maiden, or Fair Virtue in Peril, written by J. M. Faber, and starring Miss Clarissa Howe in the Title Role.

ONE DAY ONLY-JULY 27

Choral Works of Handel, Haydn, and Mozart, presented by the Chorus of the Lawson Peabody School for Young Girls, Maestro Fracelli, conducting.

OPENING JULY 28

In the Belly of the Bloodhound, a new Dramatick Play, written by Miss Amy Wemple Trevelyne, and directed by Messrs. Fennel and Bean, renowned Thespians.

EVERY SATURDAY MORNING AT TEN O'CLOCK

The Children's Hour, featuring the folk stories, play-party songs, and games of Mrs. Jemimah Moses, Storyteller. Open to all well-behaved Children.

COMING TO THE EMERALD IN THE FALL

Abduction from the Seraglio, by W. A. Mozart. King Lear, by Wm Shakespeare, and a new Work from Miss Trevelyne. And much, much, more. All sure to please the Discriminating Patron of the Arts.

The Emerald Playhouse is a wholly owned subsidiary of Faber Shipping Worldwide. Tickets to performances are available at the box office or at the Pig and Whistle Inn. Balcony seats, $2. General admission, $1. Standing room, 50 cents. Children's Hour, 25 cents per child. A full bar is provided at Intermission.

Chapter 20

"... and then I got a berth as Able Bodied Seaman on the Margaret Todd bound for New England, and here I am, lying in the hay in the loft of the big barn at Dovecote, one of my favorite places in the whole wide world, at the side of my dear Sister, Amy Trevelyne. End of story."

"Oh, Jacky, how wonderful it must have been! In the midst of the very heart of literary London! What were they really like?"

"Well, Amy, just like any other males, I suppose-strutting about and trying to get into your knickers-or, more likely, into each other's. Occasionally writing down some poetry to impress their pals. I have two snippets, one from Mr. Coleridge concerning a 'damsel with a dulcimer,' and one from Lord Byron concerning a 'china girl.' I have decorated the borders of the notes and framed them up and hung them on the wall of my bedroom at the Pig. You may have them if you wish-all that poetical stuff is lost on me."

"And to meet the King of England, himself! That must have been quite impressive, even to one such as you."

"It was, though Napoleon on the field of Jena impressed me more. However, it came to me then, and it comes to me now-everyone, no matter how grand, puts their drawers on one leg at a time."

"I suppose, Sister, but still ..."

"So, Amy, what do you think of our playbill?"

I am sprawled out on the aromatic hay while Amy sits cross-legged, reading the newly printed broadside. My head lies on her lap, she having laid aside, for the moment, her ever-present notebook. We have been going over the events that occur in the book she had decided will be titled The Mark of the Golden Dragon. She apparently pulled most of the information she needs for The Wake of the Lorelei Lee out of Mairead McConnaughey and my Irish crew, when the Lorelei Lee was in Boston after one of her transatlantic runs. With a profound sigh for my poor reputation, I filled in the rest.

"It could be wished, dear heart, that our native language had more standardized spelling," she replies.

"Aw, c'mon, Amy, it gets the idea across, doesn't it?"

"Yes, I suppose it does," she says. "So Clarissa is to do Prudence Goodheart? It seems such a contradiction in terms."

"I thought it best she ease into her acting life slowly, without too much stress on her abilities, before taking on a bigger role. In rehearsal, she seems to be getting into the spirit of the thing."

"Ah, the emotional depth of that particular role ..."

I give a hurt sniff at that. "I'll have you know I've seen productions of my little play all along the East Coast. It's not a patch on the success of your books, but still I have a certain affection for it."

"I cannot believe you are doing this for her."

"Well, she needs some help, family troubles, you know, and she's not all bad. When we were on the Bloodhound, I got to know her worst side and her best side, and I must say the good outweighed the bad. Moreover, I'll bet she'll be a pretty good actress."

"She is learning her lines, and she is a quick study," muses Amy. "Still, I'd watch her ..."

"Oh, believe me, I shall," I say, reaching over to place a piece of straw between my teeth. "So rehearsals are going well?"

"Yes, I am most gratified. We have ironed out some of the problems with the script and should be ready to open on time."

While that is pleasing to hear, what is most gratifying to me is to see my good friend smile. I know that while she loves seeing her words in print, she also loves hearing them spoken aloud, and her usually reserved countenance fairly glows with satisfaction.

"And it is oh so good to see many of the girls together again. Lissette, Caroline, Christina, Julie Winslow ... and Dorothea Baxter, too. Dorothea is happy to be back among her sisters of the Lawson Peabody after being expelled from their midst for the sin of marriage to Mr. Sackett."

I laugh. "Well, Mistress Pimm lost both a good student and an excellent teacher with that move. But I assure you, the Sacketts are very happy together."

"That is good ..." says Amy with a smile, brushing my hair back from my forehead. I am putting forth a good crop of new mop with hopes that it be allowed to stay for a while. "A true meeting of the minds."

"And a true meeting of the bodies, too, Amy," I say. "You must remember that is part of it, dear one. A big part."

"Yes, I suppose," she says with a sigh. "We must have babies after all."

"Yes, we must," I say, looking up at her and grinning my open-mouthed wolfish grin. "And while we are on this subject, how are things betwixt you and our dear Mr. Ezra Pickering? Hmmm?"

She blushes. "Relations between Mr. Pickering and me are most cordial."

"So, have you set the date?"

"Now, you be good," she says, looking off and not meeting my gaze. "You know I am not yet ready for that sort of thing."

"Aw, come on, Amy," I say, sitting up and doing my best to glower at her. "You've got to get on with it. Suppose some other New England blue-nosed Puritan beauty from a good family snaps up our Ezra. Eh? You know that would break your heart, dear Sister, so don't deny it."

"If that happened, I would wish him and his wife all the best," she says with a sniff.

"Yeah, right," I snort, flopping my head back down in her lap, giving up the fight for now. "But at least you've got your sort-of-intended in the same city. I've got no idea where Jaimy is."

When the Nancy B. docked at Codman's Wharf two days ago, I was saddened to hear that the Lorelei Lee had not yet returned from her last voyage to Ireland, but was crushed to find that Jaimy was nowhere to be seen.

Where are you, Jaimy? Charlie Chen said you were on your way. You should have been here by now. What happened?

"Now, now, Sister," says Amy, patting my shoulder, "you know how wayward the winds are. I am sure he had a slow crossing and will be here shortly. After all, we have not heard of any major maritime disasters lately, now, have we?"

I place my hand on hers. "Nay, Sister, we have not. Thank you for your comforting words." I heave a heavy sigh. "So it's back to Boston for us tomorrow?"

"Yes, the COWS, our Committee On Women's Suffrage, will march on Thursday, and I must join them."

I sit up aghast. "The COWS? Just who the hell are the COWS?"

"The COWS is the militant wing of the Boston Army for Women's Suffrage. The BAWS prefers to work politically, through elections and legislation, while the COWS is more militant, favoring direct confrontation with marches and demonstrations."

"The COWS? What genius thought up that name? Your opponents will be all over that! I can hear the mooing now."

Amy looks rueful. "Well, I did mention to Mrs. Shinn the possible use by the lower types of that unfortunate acronym, but she did not think it important. I am a very junior member of the Committee and Mother Shinn can be something of an overpowering presence."

"Good luck on that, Amy." I laugh. "You go march for women's rights and I'll go see my lawyer and take care of business. Votes for Women and Sisterhood Forever! As for now, when's dinner?"

Chapter 21

"So what is the present financial condition of Faber Shipping, Ezra, now that the last of the Santa Magdalena's treasure trove has been brought up and delivered to you?" I ask, leaning back in my chair in front of Ezra Pickering's desk. "I assume you were able to dispose of it in a discreet fashion? I'm sure that the gold was no problem, but were you able to fence the jewels to our benefit?"

"Yes, Miss, I was ... though your use of 'fence' is not one with which I am familiar. Perhaps it is one of your colorful Cockney terms?"

"Right you are, Ezra. I heard it from Fagin, himself, back in Cheapside. If you wanted something chancy sold, he was your man."

"Ah well, yes, there are several jewel merchants, all of a Hebraic persuasion here in Boston, and they were most avid in examining the collection, a loupe to every eye. I perceived them to be honest brokers, and since their business was global in nature, very few questions were asked."

"And that is good, Ezra, as the rather fierce eye of the British Lion seems to be forever trained upon my poor and innocent self."

That gets a short bark of a laugh from my dear Mr. Pickering as he leans down to pull open a drawer. He withdraws from it an object wrapped in black velvet cloth. He opens the folds in the cloth and a ring lies gleaming upon the tabletop.

"Thank you for this gift from the Santa Magdalena," he says.

"You are welcome, Ezra. I like to reward my friends when Fortune comes my way."

"My diamond merchant associates assure me that the stone is very valuable-'at least three carats and cut in an exquisite Florentine fashion and mounted in a band of pure gold. Most fine, Sir, may I offer'-but I fear this will fit none of my fingers," he says, holding up the ring that encircles only the first digit of his pinky.

"It is not for you that I intended that ring, Ezra, as you well know," I reply. "It is to be hoped that someday soon you shall place that ring on the dainty finger of Miss Amy Wemple Trevelyne."

"Ah, yes," says Mr. Pickering, smiling his secret little smile, "but Miss Amy has exhibited some very modest maidenly concerns in that regard. Commendable concerns, I must say, but certainly not encouraging to me."

"Yeah, right," I say, with an exasperated sigh. "In regard to that, I recited a few verses to her of a well-known poem by Mr. Herrick when we were last in the hayloft at Dovecote. Would you like to hear them? They are not long."

"Of course, Jacky," says Ezra, folding his hands over his belly. "Any news of Miss Amy is always welcome to my heart."

I stand, clear my throat, and recite:

Gather ye rosebuds while ye may,

Old Time is still a-flying.

And this same flower that smiles to-day

To-morrow will be dying.

Then be not coy, but use your time,

And while ye may, go marry,

For having lost but once your prime

You may forever tarry.

Ezra lightly brings his palms together in mild applause. "Excellent rendition, Jacky, I must say. And how did our Miss Amy react?"

"Well, at the time, I was resting my head in her lap, and had a sprig of hayseed between my teeth, which I removed to tap upon her nose at the words marry, and tarry."

"And her reply?"

"She said, waving away the tickling twig, 'I of course take your meaning on marry, Jacky, but on tarry you must mean spinsterhood?'

"'I do, indeed, Sister,' I replied.

"'Well, then,' she said, all modest, 'if that comes to pass, then I shall have my poetry, my various other writings, and my virtue.'

"'That's just great, Amy,' I said, bouncing up and placing a finger on that particular Trevelyne nose. 'And I hope all that will keep you warm on a cold winter's night, Miss! And here's another verse from another poet, one not quite so cuddly and kind ...'"

The Grave is a Fine and Private Place,

But None Therein I think Embrace.

"Very strong stuff, Miss," says Ezra with a quiet chuckle. "And a touch macabre. What did she say?"

"She said nothing on that," I reply. "She merely sniffed and looked away. However, we shall together, you and I, continue the Assault on Fortress Trevelyne, and we will eventually bring her down, and now ..."

"And now," says Ezra, picking up yet another sheet of paper, "we must speak of other things. There has arrived in the city a mysterious gentleman, a hunchback, who has- Oh, look! There he is now."

Ezra rises and goes to his front window and I follow him to look out. I see a man bent over, bearing a staff and walking with a limp. He has a red beard, long lank hair, and wears a slouch hat and a black cloak. He is, indeed, a hunchback afflicted with a crooked spine.

"Oh, the poor man, to have to bear such a burden!" I say. "Shall we give him alms?"

"I don't think that will be necessary, Jacky," replies Ezra dryly. "He seems well fixed. As a matter of fact, he has taken rooms at Faber Shipping and has engaged the services of Attorney Malcolm Mudgeon. Furthermore, he has rented a storefront there across State Street, very close to our own premises. You'll see that a brass plaque has been affixed above the entrance, to wit: HOC Shipping, Purveyors of Fine Spices and Other Rare Goods from the Orient. Handbills have been passed out proclaiming that a ship is due in shortly, laden with a rich cargo from the East. Other than that I do not know much because he is very secretive."

"Damn. Competition. Just what I need," I say, seething. "Using my connections to Charlie Chen, I had hoped to sew up the Oriental trade. I guess I was too slow."

"Well, we shall see, Jacky," says Ezra, turning at a knock on his office door. "Ah, here is Mr. McBride, to report, I am sure, on our fire insurance branch."

Indeed, it is he, I realize with delight.

"Jacky, my love!" says the rogue upon seeing me. "Welcome back!"

I give him my hand and present my cheek for his kiss.

"Thank you, Arthur," I say. "But I thought Molly Malone was your love. Hmmm?"

"She is, m'dear, but you were my first love and there will always be a place in the McBride heart for your own fine self."

"Enough of your lying tongue, you rascal," I say with an affectionate laugh. "What have you to report, Fire Captain McBride?"

He places some papers in front of Ezra and says, "Five fine new green shamrocks now adorn the sides of select houses. The Shamrock Hose, Ladder, and Pump Company has sold five new insurance policies this week alone, and here is the cash paid for the premiums," he says, handing the bills to Ezra. "The rash of fires in the town has not hurt business at all."

"There have been many fires?" I ask.

"More than usual, my love. It is summer and the heating fires are cold in the fireplaces, so you'd expect the number of blazes to go down, but it has not. We suspect that Pyro Johnny has been about drumming up business for Pigger O'Toole. Oh, how that brute does shame the name of O'Toole! I am sure there is not a drop of true Irish blood in his filthy veins."

"I am sure you are right, Arthur," I say. "Has there been trouble?"

"Ah, yes, there have been a few skirmishes between our lads and his scum, but we were able to send 'em packing," replies Arthur. "And if it comes to a full-scale war, well, we've all got our faithful shillelaghs hangin' by our sides, ready to be put to good use on the heads of O'Toole's thugs or on the skulls of Warren's Sons of Boston bunch o' Nativists, too."

I see that Arthur's well-polished club hangs from a thong on his own belt.

"I hope it will not come to that. I only seek to do honest business and to do no harm to others," I say, primly.

That gets a short bark of a laugh from Arthur. "The word honest in the same sentence with the name Jacky Faber, now? The former privateer, buccaneer, and self-proclaimed Queen of the Ocean Sea? Why, it fair boggles my poor mind ..."

"All right," says Ezra Pickering, peering at one of the papers, "let's get back to business. Now, what is this extra expenditure, for guard duty, of twenty dollars?"

"Ah," says Arthur. "Well, in view of the spate of fires, I thought it best to post a guard at the Pig and Whistle and the Emerald Playhouse during the nighttime hours to prevent our little Pyro Johnny from setting loose his much-loved flames on those two structures. As you know, these places were built before the Great Fire of 1804, after which all buildings in Boston were required to be made of brick, not wood."

I know what's coming, and I wait for it, and sure enough, Ezra delivers ...

"The Great Fire that occurred at the end of your first visit to our fair city, Jacky, and-"

"And that wasn't all my fault and you know it!" I snarl, a bit steamed. Geez ... I get blamed for everything. "Now let's get off this subject. If we are done here, I should like to go back to the Pig. If you would escort me, Arthur? Your arm, please ..."

We bid good day to Ezra as he bows us out to the street. "Try to exercise some caution, Miss, as things are getting dangerously hot in this city."

"Am I not always the soul of careful consideration in all my words and actions, Ezra? Till later then, cheers."

He says nothing, but merely shakes his head and smiles.

"Is it not a fine day, Arthur?" I exult, putting my head to his shoulder as we cross the street. "Isn't it just the-wait. Look there!"

The mysterious Hunchback has re-emerged from the doorway of HOC Shipping. He begins to limp up the street when he spots us. He seems startled and fixes me with his eye. I can see that his other eye is covered with a black patch and he does have a thick red beard. Long lank black hair droops below his slouch hat and hangs before his face. Seeing that he must pass us on his way, he whips his cloak up to cover his lower face.

"Good day to you, sir," I say as he hobbles past. Might as well get to know the competition, I always say. "Welcome to-"

"Good day," he replies in a low rasp and continues on his way.

"Well," says Arthur as we watch the apparition toil on his way down State Street, "certainly an ill-mannered bloke."

"The poor man has reason to be bitter. He's not only a hunchback, a cripple, and half-blind, but also there's something wrong with his throat."

"I'll wager he won't answer to the name 'Lucky.'"

"Very funny, Arthur, but let us be on our way. We must hurry to the Pig for the COWS are marching today and we must be there to cheer them on!"

Chapter 22

James Fletcher

House of Chen Shipping

Boston, Massachusetts, USA

To Ye Gods Who Mock Me,

I saw her today for the first time since I came to this wretched town. I knew that I would eventually gaze upon her, but I did not realize how much the sight of it would wound me. And, of course, for ye Gods of Discord to place her gaily smiling on the arm of that wretched Arthur McBride, well, that was admittedly a nice touch, I must say. How they must have cackled in glee in viewing their work.

I was on my way to our office to see Lawyer Mudgeon when I was surprised by the pair, and believe me, I shall not be so startled again. Know, too, when I say it took every ounce of the self-control taught to me by Master Kwai Chang to resist slamming my Bo stick against the side of that grinning Irish bastard's face.

I shall continue doing my assigned task, and then as soon as HOC's first ship arrives here, I shall be gone. I cannot wait.

But, oh, to see her shining face again ... shining, yes, I know, but ...

You do your job well, ye Gods of Jealousy and Pain ... I am,

Your helpless pawn,

J. Fletcher

Chapter 23

"Here they come!" shouts Joannie, leaning out over the balcony above the Pig's doorway and looking up the street. And sure enough, there they are, about fifty of them. They're all in neat ranks and holding up signs and banners proclaiming their cause, with drums booming out and the suffragettes chanting:

Votes for women, NOW!

Votes for women, NOW!

Peace, Justice, Temperance!

Votes for women, NOW!

"Come look, Clarissa!" I say, and stand to the rail. "There are some of our classmates! There's Amy ... Dorothea ... and over there's Caroline ... and Rose, too! Hooray for all of you! Hooray!" I jump up and down and wave to all of them-I do love a parade.

Clarissa languidly strolls out onto the porch and surveys the scene. "Boy," she says to Ravi, who has just returned from a visit to the docks, handing out Pig and Whistle wooden nickels. "Do go down and see about having a tray of refreshments sent up. My throat is rather dry and seeks relief."

"Good idea, Ravi," I say. "Glasses of sherry all around, sweet tea for you and Joannie, and have Molly come up here to join Arthur and bring up a pint of ale for him."

The lad scoots out as the parade draws near. I notice that spectators, mostly men, are beginning to line the street ... and the Hunchback is one of them. Hmmm ... interesting, that ...

Well, never mind him. At the head of the mob is stout Mrs. Shinn herself, head up and resolute, and beside her is ... oh, my ... Constance Howell, the Bloodhound's Chief Scolder of Jacky Faber for Her Wanton Ways.

"Hello, Connie!" I shout. "March on, Sister! Votes for women, you bet!"

She hears my call and nods, a trifle shamefaced, I notice. Perhaps conversing with a saloonkeeper isn't on her list of proper things to do. Oh, well, we never will see eye to eye on some things, but I do recall that she was one of those girls in the Bloodhound's dank hold who did hold fast to the end.

As the front rank draws abreast of my balcony, Mrs. Shinn raises her hand and bellows, "Ladies ... Halt!"

And they stumble to a stop, in a reasonably military fashion.

"Greetings, Mother Shinn!" I crow out. "Sisterhood Forever!"

She does not reply, but only fixes a gimlet eye on me from below and cries, "Ladies ... the Union Song ... One ... Two ... Three!"

The drummer next to Mrs. Shinn starts up a steady beat and the song is begun ...

Here we come marching, the Temperance Un-ion

Here we come singing, the Temperance Un-ion

Here we come praying, the Temperance Un-ion

Put a nickel on the drum and you'll be saved!

Put a nickel on our drum, and save another drunken bum.

Put a nickel on the drum and you'll be saved.

Hmmm ... I am not liking the way this is going.

Ravi and Molly have appeared bearing trays, and I place the Faber rump on the railing and accept a glass of wine from Molly. Other glasses are passed around and the golden Madeira glows in the sunlight.

"Surely, Mother Shinn," I call down, "you are on the righteous march for women's votes and not here to interfere with my honest business."

"Your honest business?" She snorts. "Purveying spirits to weak men, destroying families, taking food out of the mouths of babes so that their fathers may get drunk and lie down in a stupor of filth and disgrace! And there you stand, like any common strumpet with your rum glass in your hand and mock me? Honest? I should say not!"

What? A strumpet? Why, you old ...

"A pity that," I spit back, getting well steamed. "I was considering a donation to your worthy cause."

"Don't bother. We do not accept whore's gold as it has been tarnished by sin. We have heard what goes on in that place."

"In the Pig and Whistle? The Emerald Playhouse? Why, Missus, it is just innocent fun. Bring the children-all will enjoy, I assure you."

"That's not what I hear. Beware, girl, do not get above yourself. If you do, we will close you down."

"Close me down? Close me down? What makes you think you can do that? I run a respectable house here, Mother Shinn, and I am a respected member of the business community."

She bends her head to spit on the ground before me.

At that, I stand and say, "Friends, a toast to Mother Shinn. Lift your glasses ..." and the glasses are, indeed, hoisted by all on my balcony-no, they do not contain rum but merely Madeira and sweet tea-but let Mother Shinn believe what she will, the mean old biddy. "A toast to the Committees on Women's Suffrage! May they prevail in their mission!"

"Hear, hear," say my compatriots on my balcony. I do not hear that from the men who have gathered about on the street. What I hear from them is ... Silly women ... to hell wi' them ... Let 'em stay in their place, I says, keepin' house and sucklin' babies ... that's what they're good for, nothin' but ... Votes? Hell, yes, votes for us men, and the kitchen and scrubbin' up for them ...

"And as for 'nickels on your drum,' Mother Shinn, why, here's a whole bunch of them!"

With that, I scoop up a fistful of Pig and Whistle wooden nickels from Ravi's basket and fling them down upon her. Many hit the drum that sits next to her and make a light tapping sound before bouncing off to land in the street.

"Gather them up, ladies, for they are each worth a free pint at the Pig and Whistle! Come join us here at the end of your march to redeem them and we will all come together in good fellowship! I think it would do you a world of good!"

Mother Shinn raises her arm and cries, "Ladies of the Committee for Women's Suffrage ... forward, MARCH!"

But it does not happen. The men on the sidelines have gone scampering for the tokens that lie in the street and there are many squeals from the ladies, who stand stunned as their skirts are brushed aside while the men seek out the wooden nickels, which promise a free, but brief, slaking of their constant thirst.

A line of them has formed across the street, barring the march from moving forward.

Throw down some more, Jacky, I hear them cry as they lift up their hands, but I lean over and say, "Nay, good fellows, we must let the ladies pass!"

We shall not! is the common male chorus.

"Very well, gents, let us keep things civil, shall we?" I say, searching desperately for a way to defuse this situation, which cannot be good for business. "How 'bout a few tunes that speak to this controversy?"

Lay on, Jacky, lay on!

And I do. I once again lean over the railing to address Mother Shinn, who stands in speechless fury at her march being stalled in front of my place of business.

"Mrs. Shinn, I know a few more verses to your fine song," I sing out. "Would you like to hear them? I am sure they will serve your cause well. Ahem!"

We're coming, we're coming, our brave little band.

On the right side of temperance, we now take our stand,

We don't use tobacco because we do think ...

And here I hold out the note as well as my arms, and then conclude.

That the people that use it are likely to drink!

There is a roar of approval from the ranks of men who hold up their pipes as I swing into the chorus ...

Away, away, with rum by gum,

Rum by gum, with rum by gum,

Away, away, with rum by gum,

The song of the Temperance Union.

I had heard this song sung when I was last in London, and it is coming in right handy now. Strumpet, am I? I go into another verse.

We never eat cookies because they have yeast,

And one little bite turns a man to a beast.

Can you imagine the utter disgrace ...

Again the long pause ... and then ...

Of a man in the gutter with crumbs on his face?

Again, there are gales of laughter from the men in the crowd, and from my friends on the balcony, but absolutely none from the sullen ladies of the Committee. Thus emboldened, I launch into the next verse.

Oh, we never eat fruitcake because it has rum,

And one little slice puts a man on the bum.

Can you imagine a sorrier sight,

And I hold the note, hold the note, now ...

Than a man eating fruitcake until he gets tight?

Once again I get the applause I hold so dear. I bow and preen and smile my joy on all around me. I look down and see that Amy has handed off her sign and is coming toward the Pig ... Yes, Amy, come join us, I am so glad you are going to be with me!

Then I call out, "Gentlemen, you must let them march on for they are on a noble quest and must not be hindered in their mission! You see there the banner-The Committee on Women's Suffrage-the COWS! Yes! Now let the COWS through! Let them march!"

And then I do the unforgivable and call out ...

"Here come the COWS ... MOOOO ... MOOOO ... MOOO!"

And the crowd takes up the call.

MOOOOO ... MOOOO ... MOOO ...

As the Committee for Women's Suffrage finally moves on down the street, Mother Shinn casts me one last glare of pure contempt. I return her gaze ... Call me a whore, will you? I collapse in laughter on my balcony. Oh glory, oh glory, what a fine day!

The call follows the parade down the street. Moooo ... Moooo ... Mooo ...

As the calls fade away, I hear a pounding of feet on the stairs. That would be Amy, I think, suppressing my final giggles. As she appears, I turn to her and say, "Come, Sister, and join us in celebration, we-"

But she is plainly not in the mood for celebration of any kind. Upon spotting me, she charges, her eyes furious. She puts the heel of her hand on my chest and stiff-arms me to the wall. My Madeira goes flying and the glass shatters on the deck.

"Amy! Sister! Whatever is the matter?" I gasp.

"What is the matter?" she hisses, her generally calm face twisted in fury. "The matter? You have singlehandedly destroyed a march organized by Mrs. Shinn, and you will certainly pay for that!"

"What? Mother Shinn? A silly old woman who wants to close me down?"

"She is not a silly old woman, you idiot! Her cause is worthy and she is a powerful political force in this city, with many influential friends! How many friends have you got, Jacky, except for the rabble with whom you insist upon surrounding yourself?"

Here she casts a glare at Arthur McBride and Molly Malone. Molly blushes and looks uncomfortable, while Arthur looks angry and puts his arm around Molly's waist and draws her to him.

"Believe me, Jacky," Amy goes on, furious. "You will pay for your behavior today, and you can count on that. And all for a Jacky Faber joke. Ha. Ha. Always for a Jacky Faber joke, isn't it? Anything for a laugh. That's you all over."

I recover myself and lunge away from the wall and stick my finger in her face.

"A joke? Do you know how many people depend upon Faber Shipping for a living? Do you, Amy? And do you realize that the Pig and Whistle is our chief source of constant revenue? Well, it is, and I will not see it closed down because a gaggle of mean-spirited old women want their men home knitting booties rather than enjoying a pint with their friends at the Pig!"

"All right, Miss Faber, but what about suffrage, what about votes for women? Do you care? All your classmates do. Surely even you support that."

"Even me? I don't know if I like your tone, Miss Trevelyne," I say, well steamed. "Oh, yes, the Holy Vote! You know you could buy the votes of most men in this city for a pint of cheap whiskey?"

"You could not buy the votes of women that way," she says, chin up and holding my angry gaze.

"Fine, all of you, have your precious vote, Sister, but don't try to shut me down, because I will fight back!"

"Do not call me Sister again, Miss Faber, for we are not related and we are certainly not of the same mind," she says, spinning, about to leave. "You have my In the Belly of the Bloodhound play. I hope it goes well. It is plain that you would rather enjoy the company of that"-and here she points a finger in the direction of Clarissa Worthington Howe-"rather than mine. Goodbye, Jacky, I am going back to Dovecote. Have a good life!"

I go to the rail and shout after her as she descends the stairs, "But that Mrs. Shinn called me a whore! In front of everybody!"

She pauses on the middle step and looks up at me. "Perhaps, Miss Faber, it is because you continually act like one!"

I got nothin' to say to that, and stand stunned as Amy Trevelyne goes down the stairs and off.

"Well," says Clarissa, who leans languidly against the wall, "it seems our little Miss Amy is rather miffed with you, Jacky." She looks over the top of her wineglass at me. "I do believe my glass is empty. Why is no one attendin' to it?"

Chapter 24

We had a heavy, drenching rain last night and for once I was glad not to be at sea. At least it didn't start till after the Playhouse had closed for the night, so it did not affect business, which was very good-news of the quality of the entertainment we offer is spreading throughout the town.

So this morning after breakfast, I decide to go out and inspect our garden. The sun has broken through the clouds and it promises to be a fine day, which is fortunate, for I hope for a good crowd at tonight's Musical Revue. I go around the side of the Pig and am rewarded with the glorious sight of my flower garden. Jemimah directs the cultivation of the vegetables, she being of a practical nature, and I handle the flowers, me being more interested in the matter of ornamental flora. I like having flowers on the tables at the Pig-it civilizes the place a bit and gives it a touch of class. It being summer, the zinnias are doing well, the hollyhocks about shoulder high-I'm trying for the look of an English Country Garden, don't ya know-and the roses are putting forth brilliant red buds. I can't wait for them to bloom ... and, Wait ... What's that?

Over to the left is my little patch of beets and ... Glory! There, amongst the green beet foliage, a raft of shiny new mushroom heads is poking up, all purple and glossy. Heh, heh ... Come to me, my little pretties, I gloat, bending down to gather up the full-grown ones and dropping them in my apron. I leave the little ones so that they might prosper and grow and spread my lovely little patch of Purple Passion even further. Now, it is time for me to whip up another batch of my Witches' Brew-never can tell when it might come in handy.

Back in the Pig, I find I have the kitchen to myself, Jemimah being out back fussing with her okra, and Maudie cleaning up the bar, so I pull down a saucepan, fill it halfway with water from the pump, and put it on the still-hot stove. As it is coming to a boil, I slice up half my haul of mushrooms and dump them in. The rest of them are strung on a long cord and put up to dry-shouldn't take too long as the kitchen is quite warm.

As I toil on, I reflect on last night's Revue ...

We had almost a full house and the audience was a right jolly one. The musical numbers went over well, especially the new Spanish ones, with me stamping my feet, flamenco style, and Solomon Freeman strumming away on the guitar. It sure didn't take that man long to pick up that style of playing. The comic ones like "Three Jolly Coachmen" and "The Cuckoo's Nest" brought forth gales of laughter. The mood of the audience got even jollier after Intermission when everyone went to the bar for the refreshments doled out by Molly and Joannie. After that, more songs, more stories, more poems, and finally my little playlet, The Villain Pursues Constant Maiden, or Fair Virtue in Peril, starring Miss Clarissa Worthington Howe as Prudence Goodheart. It went over very well with an especially loud whoop! from the crowd when her tear-away dress came off.

Yes, the Pig and the Playhouse are definitely making money now and it gratifies me. If only Jaimy were here with me to share my joy ...

Ah, the pot has put up a fine purple froth, so I pour its contents through a sieve and drain the liquid into a bowl, giving the mushroom residue a squeeze with a masher. There. Now, to add the brandy-half and half-and pour into empty bottles, cork 'em up, then I am done. As I'm cleaning up, Joannie comes in.

"Whatcha makin'?" she asks, eyeing the now purple bottles.

"Something I call Jacky's Little Purple Potion."

"Would you let me try a taste of that?"

"Sure. If I were to tie you to a chair and make sure that Daniel Prescott, or any other young hound you might have your eye on, was not anywhere around. This stuff tends to make people very amorous, very amorous indeed. It seems to make them want to take their clothes off, as well." I smile to think of that time with Amadeo Romero on a rooftop in Madrid after he had gotten a snootful of this stuff.

"You sure never needed any help with that."

I cast her a sharp look. "What's that supposed to mean?"

She smirks. "Don't forget, Jacky, I was along on the Santa Magdalena expedition, and I was there when you were taken off that rock on the shore of Burma, wearin' nuthin' but seaweed and a smile, to say nothing of the Kidnapping of Harry Flashby in London, you again wearin' only your pigtail and a pair of castanets, and then-"

"All right, you," I say, gathering up my bottles and heading upstairs to my rooms, where I will place them in my medicine chest for safekeeping. "That's enough. Where's Ravi?"

"Down at the docks selling peanuts."

"Good. At least he's doing something useful other than chiding me for my bad behavior, Miss Priss," I scold right back at her. "Go help Molly set up for tonight's show."

As I place the two bottles of Purple Potion in my cabinet right next to my bottles of Jacky's Little Helper-the powerful concentrations of Tincture of Opium that have helped me out of many a ticklish situation-my mind returns to last night's show, and just who was in attendance ...

My dear Ezra was there, just back from visiting Amy at Dovecote, and, alas, I am told she has not yet forgiven me, and that does hurt me. Although, I don't know if I've forgiven her, either. I'm not all that bad, to be treated so. I noticed Constable Wiggins in the crowd, too, but he didn't pull anything-aside from drinking for free at the bar ... grrr-and I thought I recognized a few members of the COWS, but I can't be sure ... Maybe they, too, need a bit of fun.

I further noticed that the Hunchback stood in the standing-room section, leaning on his stick. Hmmm ... Strange that ... I would not have thought that he would like what we have to offer. Oh, well, I hope we brought the poor man some cheer.

Enough of that. I'm off to prepare for the show.

Chapter 25

James Fletcher

House of Chen Shipping

Boston, Massachusetts, USA

To the Devils That Dwell in My Mind,

I cannot help it. I cannot stay away. I try to resist the urge, but I cannot. I go to her place. I watch her dance. I watch her sing. Watching her perform, her face radiant with joy, it tears me apart.

I cannot stand it. Although I do my duty to the House of Chen, my mind always goes back to her.

I saw Ravi on the docks today, selling peanuts. I bought some and they were good. He appears to be doing quite well.

Pig and Whistle was lettered on the side of the cart. I can imagine who did that and where it was done. There is a large pot in the center of the pushcart, with a scoop. Larger amounts are sold in crudely sewn bags made out of feed sacks. Smaller amounts are put in cones made up of cut-up newspapers.

I shamelessly pumped Ravi for information. "Yes, Memsahib has many friends-most friendly with mens-sing and dance most pretty. She friendly with everyone."

I'll just bet she is ...

J. Fletcher

Chapter 26

We've got the curtains manned, the bar set up, the footlights lit, and we're ready to go.

"Open the door!" I cry. John Thomas pulls the latch and the crowd begins to pour in. "Clear for action!"

Tickets are taken and the customers directed to their proper places, whether it be pit, balcony, box, or standing room.

I duck behind the curtains to join the other performers, who are primping and getting ready. I adjust my high comb and lacy black mantilla, smooth out my black Spanish dress, take a deep breath, then get in line and wait.

Eventually the crowd settles, and except for an occasional cough and shuffle of feet, the place goes quiet. I nod to Senor Fracelli; he lifts his hands above the keyboard and brings them down. The organ booms out the notes of our opening number and we all sing as the curtain rises ...

Come all ye roving minstrels

And together we will try

To rouse the spirit of the earth

And move the rolling sky

I stand at center stage, holding hands with Clarissa on my left and Polly Von on my right. On either side of them stand Mr. Fennell and Mr. Bean, and flanking them are Solomon Freeman and Jim Tanner. Behind all are the choral group and the rest of the cast.

After the chorus, the ensemble falls silent while Senor Fracelli continues to play the melody and I advance to the front of the stage and sing ...

Those who dance will dance for you,

And those who play will play,

In time to list our merry tunes

That we will sing for you today!

Then the rest of the cast sings the chorus again and I step back as the curtain falls and the audience erupts in applause.

I do love it so!

And so we swing into the night's performance. Yes, I do my Spanish act, which goes over well-"La Paloma," "Los Bibilicos," "Solo Tu," and all, complete with pounding heels and castanets. Then Clarissa sings the aria from Escape from the Seraglio, standing next to Senor at the organ, with poor Ravi at its bellows. She gets great applause. I do not know whether it is for her fine soprano voice or her beauty, amply displayed in my fine white Empire dress, but who cares. Then we present Mr. Solomon Freeman on the guitar, playing and singing songs of the South. I smile to note that "Miss Jacky and the Big Black Snake" is one of them. Moments later, dressed in my sailor togs, I pop back out for a few rollicking sea songs. After that, Mr. Fennell and Mr. Bean put on a raucous skit that concerns the humorous conversation of two country bumpkins, which draws gales of condescending laughter from this city crowd, and then, just before Intermission, I add a new skit, which I call "The Lady in Red," wherein I don't sing at all.

"Hurry, Ravi, button me up!" I hiss backstage as I struggle into my very new, very tight, very red dress, as Fennell and Bean are finishing up their bit.

"Yes, Missy," he says, "but very tight. Not all of parts of Memsahib fit into it very easy. Much scandals."

"Don't worry, Ravi, it'll serve," I say, tucking the parts to which he refers into the low bodice. "Here I go ..."

I part the curtains and sweep through as Senor hits an ominous run of sad chords on the organ. I do not stop at the stage but instead put my forearm across my brow in obvious distress and stumble down the stage stairs and over to the bar, where stands Davy Jones in white shirt and green gaiters just above his elbows, polishing a glass.

I go over and slump on the bar as Solomon Freeman sings out from the side of the stage ...

'Twas a cold winter's evening.

The guests were all leaving as

O'Leary was closing the bar.

When he turned 'round and said to the lady in red,

"Get out, you can't stay where you are!"

Actually, it is Davy as barman, who bellows out that last line with a certain relish and points to the door. I hang my head as Solomon continues to sing ...

She wept a sad tear in her bucket of beer

As she thought of the cold night ahead,

When a gentleman dapper

Stepped out of the crapper.

And these are the words that he said ...

At this, Arthur McBride, dressed in his finest suit, steps out from behind the curtain and sings, in a fine Irish tenor ...

Her mother never told her

The things a young girl should know,

About the ways of Boston men

And how they come and go ...

This gets a cheer from the Boston men, and Arthur comes down from the stage, places his arm about my waist, and sings the last verse ...

Though age has taken her beauty

And sin has left its sad scar,

Remember your mothers and sisters, boys ...

And let her sleep under the bar!

There is a roar of applause as I slip down to lie on the floor, my hands folded under my cheek, a look of sweet repose on my face.

There is another roar as Arthur lifts me once again to my feet and I call out, "That one was dedicated to our fine sisters of the Committee on Women's Suffrage! And in that spirit, I declare it to be Intermission and the bar is open!"

Yet another roar as all head for blessed refreshment.

Molly and Joannie are dishing it out as fast as they can, even as they manage to get a pint into my fist, which is good, as my throat needs it. I look to see Ezra Pickering at my side.

"Well met, Ezra," I say. "A glass of wine with you?"

"That would be nice, Jacky, thank you," he says. "A very good crowd you have here. Although I don't know how that last bit will go over with the Temperance movement."

"Why, Ezra," I reply, "'The Lady in Red' is a moral lesson on the dangers of Mr. Booze. How could they be angry?"

"Well, that costume ..."

"Look. There's Wiggins over there, sucking up my ale. He's not sayin' anything."

"Yes, but you don't know who else might be here. I don't like the look of some of them ... There's too many in black suits of a common cut, scattered about, in certain places."

"Wot?"

"Look at those two, leaning against the back wall."

I shift my gaze and spot the pair he means. Both are thick of neck and low of brow and each looks as if the black jacket he wears on his back is the first one to ever ride there.

"I see them, Ezra. So what?"

"So there are two more over there, and two by each of the two side exits."

I look around, and sure enough, there they are-all big and stupid-looking, and all dressed in the same jackets.

"Ah, well, Ezra, we've got to let in anyone who buys a ticket. There are a lot of sailors in here who look a lot rougher than them. Nay, don't worry, I've got plenty of my bully boys in here tonight. They'll take care of things."

Ezra sighs and continues to survey the crowd. "I hope so ... but my lawyer sense tells me that something big just might happen here this fine evening."

It is then that I notice the Hunchback is once again in attendance. Hmmm ... I wonder at that, but then turn back to conversation with Ezra and Arthur till Ravi comes through, ringing his chimes and signaling the end to the Intermission.

"Well, whatever, Ezra, the show must go on."

Back on stage, I run through my fiddle, pennywhistle, and concertina numbers. This is followed by Fennel and Bean proceeding to murder Shakespeare with the Death of Caesar scene from Julius Caesar, complete with the entire male members of the cast dressed in togas. With their white and hairy calves sticking out below the sheets, this gets more laughs than anything else.

Mr. Bean, the larger of the two thespians, plays Caesar, who, when he is stabbed by the rabblement, confronts Brutus and beseeches, "Et tu, Brute?" Then, after Brutus stabs him in the heart, he cries, "Then fall, Caesar!" and with that, the curtain also falls.

We scurry about behind the curtain, setting up for the last big number of the night, The Villain Pursues Constant Maiden. It is accomplished quickly, and the curtain rises.

Clarissa stands there as Prudence Goodheart, looking glorious, wringing her hands in sorrow. Any who have seen my little play know that the Goodheart farm is in serious financial trouble. She speaks ...

"Oh, whatever shall we do, dear Brother? The crop has failed and we must go to Banker Morgan for help!"

"No, dear Sister, not him! He is evil and will bring us to ruin!"

I know it is stupid, but I do love seeing this thing performed. Sin of Pride, I know ... And hey, Clarissa is doing a great job.

Eventually Banker Morgan comes to collect on the dreaded mortgage and proposes that Prudence give herself over to him in return for tearing up the paper.

"Woe is me! Oh, what shall I do? Keep my sacred honor or give in to the fiend's demands? Oh, what shall I do?"

Mr. Fennel, playing Banker Morgan, complete with long mustache, leers at her ...

"Make up your mind, girl, as my patience grows short!"

With that, Fennell, as Morgan, performs the showstopper: He reaches over and rips the tear-away dress from Clarissa, revealing her standing open-mouthed in naught but chemise and drawers. She screams, but that is nothing to the howls from the audience. Clarissa crosses her arms on her chest ...

"Oh, I am undone!"

Not yet, my lovely, but-

And, true enough, it appears that Prudence is actually right in thinking herself undone ... For in the middle of the lower audience, a large figure of a man rises up, throws off his cloak, and points at Clarissa. "I am General Virgil Howe," he bellows, "and I have no daughter!"

Oh, my God, Clarissa's father?

With that, he turns, throws his cloak about his face, and rushes out of the theater, pushing all in his way roughly aside.

Clarissa stands stunned ... Daddy? I hear her whisper, but then, to her credit, she snaps her head around, straightens her back, and goes on with the play.

"Shall no one save me? Must I yield to dishonor?"

Well, it's not dishonor to which she must yield ... no, it is to a well-thrown and overly ripe tomato that hits her squarely in the face. Another catches her on the chest and stains the front of her once white chemise a sickly red. It appears that Wiggins's minions have allowed a troop of angry COWS through the front door, while shooing out loyal patrons through the side exits. Many protest, but to no avail. Move along now, that's it. Police action here. Move along ......

"SIN! SIN! AND DISGRACE! CLOSE DOWN THIS DEN OF INIQUITY NOW! NOW! NOW! SAVE OUR YOUTH! CLOSE THIS HELL HOLE!"

The men in black coats now open them to reveal shiny tin stars on their vests. "These men are my deputies!" shouts Wiggins. "Anyone who touches them will be guilty of assaulting a police officer! Do you understand?"

My bully boys have gathered in a line facing Wiggins's thugs, with a furious Arthur McBride at their front. "What the hell are you doing?" he shouts at the Constable.

"I am merely protecting these fine ladies in a lawful demonstwation. Bill of Rights and all that."

About ten women are standing in the aisle and slinging vegetables and other foul things at the stage and those upon it. I rush out only to be clobbered with a slimy cabbage on my nose. I brush it off and head straight into the melee. I spot the large figure of Mother Shinn right in the middle of the pack.

"Charge on, ladies, charge on! Fear not! Right is on your side! Charge on! Bring down the Forces of Darkness! Charge on!" she shouts, rallying her troops.

They don't need much rallying, no. They come on with grim determination. Now they are flinging rotten eggs, and the stench of them is spreading through the place. Rage rises in me, but it pales next to that of Clarissa's. With tomato juice and rotten eggs sliding down her face, she races up the aisle and launches herself at Mother Shinn.

"You miserable old sow!" she screeches. "I'll rip your ugly face off!"

Clarissa has her fingers crooked into claws, and they are searching for her tormentor's face, and I know from personal experience, they can do some serious damage. But, alas, they do not reach their target. No. Instead, Constable Wiggins appears by Shinn's side, grabs Clarissa around the waist, and then hands her off to one of his deputies.

"Here. Take this one. Put her in the wagon," he says. Clarissa is hauled out, squealing. He then points at me. "That one next!"

"What's the charge, pig?" I ask, incredulous. "Why are you taking that girl? And why are you shutting me down?"

"That girl, on a charge of assault against poor Mrs. Shinn here, and you for causing a public disturbance."

"What? Public disturbance? Shinn and her COWS threw the garbage at us! They should be the ones arrested!"

"I didn't see anything like that," answers Wiggins complacently. "I just saw a bunch of very questionable stuff going on on that stage."

"Just look at this mess!" I cry, pointing at Shinn. "She did it!"

Mother Shinn grins at me and pulls out something from her shawl. It is a small ax. "You haven't seen a real mess yet, harlot, but now you will."

She marches toward the bar, where the stunned Molly and Joannie are standing.

"Step aside, sluts," roars Mrs. Shinn, and with her first swing of her ax, she shatters a good five bottles of my finest Barbados rum. Her next blow takes out the gin, and then the champagne bottles explode, spraying all over.

"No!" I shout. "You cannot! That is mine! Stop!"

But she does not stop. She continues till each bottle is smashed, its contents leaking to the floor.

"There. Try to sell that. Perhaps you'd like to lick it up," she says, her eyes dark little marbles of self-righteous indignation.

That's too much for my bully boys. Constitutional Right to Lawful Assembly is one thing, but spilled and wasted whiskey is another thing altogether.

"Let's get 'em, boyos," says Arthur McBride, taking his shillelagh from his side. Behind him stand John Thomas, Finn McGee, Jim Tanner, and even Mr. Bean, still clad in toga and holding a golden scepter from some play or another. Arthur knows he cannot attack the COWS, being women, but that leaves Wiggins's men on which to vent his anger, and the anger of Faber Shipping.

"Stop!" says Wiggins, his hand outstretched, palm forward. "You must remember that these men are duly sworn deputies, and if you touch them, you will be guilty of a serious offense!"

Arthur McBride considers this for a moment, slapping his club into his palm thoughtfully, then he says, "All right. We hear you, copper. Get 'em boys!"

And the riot is on. Clubs and fists and even scepters rain down upon Wiggins and his men. Heads are cracked and howls of pain are heard.

The melee continues as the COWS empty their bags of offal and fling it about. I stand in impotent fury.

No. I will fight back. I will strangle that old bitch, I will-

But I will do nothing, for standing before me is Constance Howell, a large red tomato in her hand, ready to fling it in my face, and all the fight goes out of me.

"Et tu, Connie?" I whisper, my shoulders slumping and tears coming to my eyes. "Then fall, Jacky."

Connie looks at me, then shakes her head and drops her tomato to the floor, where it lands with a quiet plop. She turns to leave, following her sisters out my door.

I stand and stare at the wreckage of my beautiful Emerald Playhouse, and the tears run down my face. I am devastated, but then I find that Wiggins is not yet done with me.

"I ordered you to take that one!" he shouts to his men. "Oh, to hell with it, I'll grab her myself!" He lunges toward me and I no longer have the strength to resist.

Take me, beat me, do what you want with me ...

Wiggins, however, does not make it to me. On his way, his feet somehow become entangled in, of all things, the Hunchback's staff. He falls down, cursing, and I hear the Hunchback's raspy voice apologizing for the mishap. Then the surprisingly strong hand of Ezra Pickering is wrapped about my neck, and he hauls me off into a side storeroom, one that has a back door.

"You must not be taken!" hisses Ezra in my ear. "If you are, the old sentence will be carried out and you will be beaten! Quiet, now! Out the back! I will get your friends released tomorrow morning. Now, hush!"

I meekly follow him out into the cool night air. I breathe deeply, collect myself, and begin to plan.

Chapter 27

The Journal of J. E. Fletcher

Currently at the Offices of the House of Chen

Boston, Massachusetts, USA

Journal Entry, July 22, 1809

Yes, I have decided to keep a journal. Instead of railing against unseen, uncaring, and probably nonexistent gods, I shall put my thoughts and doings down on paper. Possibly they could prove of interest to someone in the future, though I cannot imagine why. However, this pointless scribbling does seem to soothe my still-turbulent mind to a small degree and so I shall continue to take up pen to record events as they happen.

Last night I took in her musical revue at the Emerald Playhouse and, were I not so bereft of joy in all things, I would have found it most enjoyable. My appreciation of her Spanish songs was tempered, however, by the suspicion that she learned them from one Amadeo Romero. Probably he sang them to her as he lifted his brush while she lay nak*d on-

No. I shall not pursue that line of thought as it only stokes the hot coals smoldering in my mind.

During intermissions, I have taken to chatting up this Molly Malone, a barmaid at the Pig and at the Playhouse. Molly is the only one of her cohorts whom I have not met on my previous visit to this town. She is a spirited Irish girl who does not shy from speaking to a raspy voiced, grotesquely deformed hunchback. Rather, she converses freely with me as I stand at the bar. "Aye, Sir, poor Miss Faber, she pines away for her lover who is far away at sea." Which lover is that, I wonder? Number Two, Five, or Seven ... One can only surmise.

This Molly is a merry sort and she gives me cheer. I have learned she is Arthur Goddamn McBride's miss. That lout never seems to lack female companionship. Though I question her judgment in the way of men, still I enjoy her company. At least when she is present, McBride keeps his hands off J. Should he do so in my presence, I fear I would lose control and wrap my staff around his head, and to hell with the consequences. But it has not come to that ... not yet, anyway.

Strange that I find it easy to talk to bar girls, and they to me. There were those in London who led me to Bliffil ... and to Bess. Yes, dear sweet loyal and loving Bess ...

At the end of the first part of the show, the aforementioned Miss F. performed a pantomime as the Lady in Red, and she did, indeed, end up "sleeping under the bar," her face in mock sweet repose, mere inches from my foot. I could have lifted said foot and placed it on her countenance and given it a bit of a grind, but I did not. No, I did not, but it took a bit of effort not to. "Peace," yes, I know, Master Kwai Chang, "Peace and the Calm of Buddha ..."

After the intermission, the audience members, by now well oiled by their trips to the bar, returned to the main stage for the raucous remainder of the show. And raucous it was-the Shantyman, Enoch Lightner, bellowing out his fine sailor ballads in his deep baritone, with herself pumping her concertina and singing along, and a supposed humorous bit by Fennell and Bean, all of which culminated in an unexpected drama.

At the height of the evening's hilarity, when the silly Villain Pursues playlet was being performed, and the dress was torn from the actress playing Prudence Goodheart, a man stood up in the audience and shouted out that she was no longer his daughter, publicly disowning the poor girl, who did seem stricken to her very core. It was then that full mayhem ensued, with articles being thrown by members of a local suffragette society-the COWS, I believe they are called. The place dissolved into chaos, with the actress, a Miss Clarissa Howe, being hauled off to jail on a charge of assault.

The proprietress of the Playhouse was fully ready to engage in the melee, having received an overripe vegetable to the side of her own face, and was in full fury over the destruction of her premises-the rum, whiskey, and wine were flowing quite briskly underfoot. And while I was somewhat gratified at the sight of the tomato sliding down her cheek, I did feel her distress. So in spite of all, when the contemptible Constable Wiggins attempted to apprehend her, I could not let him put his foul hands upon her. I just could not let it happen. I took my Bo stick, and feigning clumsiness due to my supposed infirmity, I contrived to insinuate it between his fat legs such that he pitched squalling to the floor. Thus, Ezra Pickering was able to get her out the back door to safety, at least for the time being.

Back now in my rooms, I think back on Molly's words ... "Her lover, far away at sea ..." Indeed ... food for torture ...

J. E. F.

Chapter 28

The coach pulls up outside the Pig, so I hurry out to stand beside it. Ezra climbs out and hands me up.

From behind me, I hear the sound of Molly Malone directing the cleanup crew in the repair of the damage to the Playhouse. There is the crackle of broken glass being gathered up, along with the swish of mops sopping up the spilled rum and whiskey and ale from the floor.

And where the hell is Joannie? Count on that girl to disappear when there's hard work to be done! And Ravi? Where is he? Down to the docks with his peanut cart? Jemimah is spreading sawdust on the floor to soak up the rest ... The waste, oh, the foolish waste ...

"So report, friend Ezra," I say as I settle in beside him. "How fares our sister Clarissa?"

She had spent the past night in the courthouse jail, a place with which I am very familiar and know its amenities to be few. I, however, slept in my own soft bed in my rooms over the Pig, having been tossed in there by my good Mr. Pickering. I triple-barred the door, knowing that Wiggins could not get in at me without a court order, which I suspect he did not have.

"I am glad to say that she will be released upon our arrival at the courthouse. She was arraigned this morning, but neither Mrs. Shinn nor Constable Wiggins was on hand to press charges of assault. Caroline Thwackham, the Judge's own granddaughter, had managed to slip into the jail to spend the night with Miss Howe and provide her with a decent dress for her appearance in court."

Thank you, Caroline ...

"With none to stand against her as she stood in the dock, the judge asked her where her parents were and she lifted her chin and declared that she had none. I stood and announced that I was representing Miss Howe in this matter, which elicited some heartfelt groans from the court, my being sometimes perceived as a thorn in the side of that particular august institution, and I am well used to that sort of reception from my esteemed colleagues. I then proclaimed that I was witness to the altercation and at no time did Miss Howe ever lay a finger on Mrs. Shinn in the way of assault. When Thwackham then asked who her accusers were, and none appeared, both Mrs. Shinn and Constable Wiggins being unaccountably absent, he brought his hammer down and declared it a simple case of 'Disturbing the peace, by God, fifty dollars fine. Next case and I can only hope it's a decent horse thief rather than some other wayward female!'

"Her fine, and the fines of the others, have been paid and we can expect that we shall find Miss Howe in some sort of reasonably sound condition," reports Ezra, with some satisfaction. "However, I do wonder, with some trepidation, at the absence of Mrs. Shinn. I hope she is not aiming for bigger fish than our little Miss Howe."

"Hmmm," I say to that. "We shall see ..."

We note Clarissa and Caroline coming out the side door of the courthouse jail, and Ezra pops out to hand Clarissa up into the carriage.

Clarissa gives Caroline a hug of thanks in parting and then drills me with her eyes. "Where the hell were you?"

I note that having been disowned, pelted with rotten vegetables, arrested, and subsequently jailed has not done wonders for Clarissa's disposition. Her face is dirty, and I think I see tear streaks on her cheeks.

"Sorry, Clarissa, but Ezra here felt it best that I stay out of sight, my being under a sentence of the court on my own."

"Umm," she says. "That's fine for you. But what I need is a bath. Now."

"You shall have it, Sister. Now calmness, please."

As she settles, seething, back into the seat next to me, I say, "Perhaps I gave you bad advice, Clarissa-joining our company and all. And if that is true, I am sorry. Things tend to get rough around us. Maybe you should go back home to Virginia."

"No. I like what I have been doing," she says, her voice firm. "They can all go to hell, including you. Now, let's go back to the Pig. I could use a drink."

When our coach pulls up in front of the Pig, I am concerned to see that Constable Wiggins and four of his pug-uglies are lined up in front of the door, two on either side of his fat self.

Uh-oh ...

"Stay in here, Jacky. You, too, Miss Howe," orders Ezra, climbing out of the coach. "I will see what is going on."

"Gweetings, all," says Wiggins, beaming his good will all around. "I have here an Affy-Davy from the High Court of Massy-chusetts," he claims as he hands an envelope to Ezra and then rocks back on his heels and grins in anticipation.

Ezra tears open the packet and then looks back at me. "It is not an affidavit. It is a subpoena, ordering you to appear in court on Monday the thirty-first."

I am aghast. "On what charges? I have been accused of nothing!"

"Not charges," says Ezra wearily. "No, it is something else. You are required to show cause as to why you should not be declared a negligent guardian as regards the child Joan Nichols and an unfit mother as regards the child Ravi. Both children are now in the custody of the State."

Unfit mother! What?

"That's right, girl," says Wiggins, all smug. "Read it and weep."

I plunge out the door of the coach.

"Where are they, you rancid pile of lard?" I snarl and shove my finger in his fat face.

"The girl is in the Boston Asylum for Females, a ward of the State of Massachusetts," chuckles Wiggins. "And the boy is in the Reformatory for Stubborn Boys. Not all the females in the loony bin are crazy-most are-but all the boys in the Reformatory are bad to the bone. The boy will have a real good time in there, count on it. He did try to be brave, I'll give him that, but when I dragged him through the bars of the front gate, I think I did hear the little nig cry out once for his mommy. Fair broke me heart, it did. Har, har!"

A red curtain of rage blinds me and I reach for my shiv, fully intending to disembowel the bastard and let his guts spill out on the dirt, but Ezra has his hand on my arm and he holds my struggling form to his chest so I am unable to draw my blade.

"Let her draw it out," sneers Wiggins. "Let her assault me. My lads and I can handle her, and then it will be my turn to deliver the strokes of the rod that have been promised her, and oh, that will be sweet, so sweet!"

I seethe, I fume, but I eventually subside, and Wiggins and his cohorts walk away, snorting with laughter.

I stand there totally perplexed and wounded, too. I have been called many things in this life, but this is new to me and it cuts me to my core ...

... unfit mother ...

Chapter 29

I was sick in my heart. It would have been better, I know in my heart of hearts, had I never come back to Boston, maybe never to have been born. I wanted to be back in the hayloft at Dovecote with Amy. I wanted ... but never mind what I wanted-the Black Cloud swept over me and I just wished to pull the covers over my head and go to sleep for a good, long time ... maybe forever ...

But I did not do that, for Ezra pulled up in a coach this morning and Molly shook me out of sleep and I managed to dress and join him, all groggy, in the cab.

We are off to visit the kids in their confinements to see what can be done. I am not hopeful.

"As for Joan Nichols," says Ezra, as we clatter along, "I shall try to have her remanded to the custody of Mistress Miranda Pimm of the Lawson Peabody. Mistress has already said she would agree to the arrangement, the school year starting up again shortly, so it should not be a burden on either of them."

You don't know Joannie, I'm thinking. And as for Mistress, I know she'd like to have me back in her office with my toes on her white line, the rest of me leaning over her desk with my skirts pulled up, my bottom ready for the rod.

"As for the lad," Ezra continues, "that is a little more difficult."

"Why's that?" I ask.

"Well, he, unlike Joan Nichols, has been charged with an actual crime."

"Wot?" I exclaim, incredulous. "How could that sweet little boy be guilty of anything?"

"The charge is 'Littering the Streets of Boston,'" replies Ezra with a sigh. "Said charge being brought by Percy Tooley, Captain of the Free Men's Fire and Insurance Company, Ravi having been peddling his peanuts outside the door of Skivareen's, Tooley's base of operations."

"Littering?" I gasp. "Because people dropped their shells on the ground?"

"Even so," says Ezra. "There's no denying they did that."

"And so the shells defiled the horse shit that was already lying in the street?"

Ezra shrugs.

"Good God," I say, my teeth clenched. "I wish I were back at sea."

And before I go, I'll get you for that, Pigger, I swear I will!

"Well, be that as it may, here we are, Miss, the women's asylum," says Ezra, as we pull up in front of a very forbidding building.

He did not have to announce that, as we can already hear the howls from within. We alight and go in the front entrance.

Inside, we find a long table with several chairs lined along it, behind which is a row of bars running floor to ceiling. There is no door into the cage. There is, however, a barred window off to the left, about eight feet above the floor.

Behind the bars sits a thin, severe-looking woman dressed in what I suppose is to suggest the uniform of a nurse. Her face, however, shows no trace of the kindness and compassion we usually associate with women of that profession.

"Yes?" is all she says by way of greeting.

"Attorney Pickering and my client, Miss Faber, here to see Joan Nichols. I believe we are expected."

"Sit there and wait," she says, rising and going through a door in the back.

"Lovely place," I observe, looking about as we sit down in the hard chairs.

"Indeed. I know on at least two occasions I have been successful in keeping a certain Miss Faber out of here," says Ezra, with a sigh. "Just barely successful ..."

Presently, the matron returns with a very sullen Joannie Nichols in tow, whom she pushes down into a chair on the other side of the bars. She wears a gray woolen shift, shapeless and coarse, buttoned to the neck. Her hair is dirty and hangs down over her face.

"Don't try to pass her nothin'. I'll be watching." With that, the woman goes back to her desk.

"Get me out of here," whispers Joannie through clenched teeth. "They're all crazy in here ..."

Just then a high, piercing scream is heard from within the madhouse, a scream that trails off to a piteous wail of utter despair.

"That yelling goes on all day, all night. The jailers are cruel witches. Some of the women spend their whole time tied to chairs or chained to the wall. The stink is awful ..."

"Poor Joannie," I say, reaching out for her hand but not getting it.

"Watch that!" warns the matron. "You do that again and this little meeting is over."

I withdraw my hand and say softly to her, "Hold on, Joannie. Mr. Pickering is working on your case. The hearing comes up on Thursday, and he has gotten Mistress Pimm to agree to take you on as her ward," I go on, bitterly, "since I have been found wanting in that regard."

"Great," says Joannie, not quite convinced of the wisdom of that. "I'll have to go back to school." The lower lip comes out. "And I won't get to be in the big play."

"There will be other plays, Joannie, and school starts up again next month."

She considers this, then says, "If it doesn't work, what then? Do I spend the rest of my life here?"

"Do they chain you up at night?" I ask.

"No. The buggers know I'm not a loony. That's why they use me to clean up the slops of the others, thems that can't control themselves." She looks down at her filthy hands. "It's lucky for you that you were not able to take my hand. No, I'm locked in a room by myself."

"Could you get out if you had to?"

She manages a small smile at that. "Who are you talking to, Jacky? Some wet-nosed kid new to the streets? Nay, I scoped it out early on-the lock is simple and I've already found me a nail to lift the latch. So what's your plan?"

"You know there's a window over there. Don't turn around to look, for it's there, all right. So if things don't go our way in court and they send you back here, that night, listen up for a faint chiming of a firebell, ding-ding-ding, then three dings again. When you hear it, get up and go to that window. You still can climb a rope, can't you? Or has all that easy livin' here in Boston softened you up?"

She chuckles, considerably brightened by what I have said-trust a Cheapside Cockney to trust more in one's friends than in the courts-and says, "I could climb it faster than you, that's for sure, you fat, lazy thing, you."

That's my girl!

"We are done here, Matron," I say, rising. I put my hand in my purse, draw out a ten-dollar gold piece, and snap it down on the table. "Take this, please, and see that she has something decent to eat over the next several days. Thank you."

I know that most will go into the warder's pocket, but it just might buy a little better treatment for Joannie.

Joannie is led off, and Ezra and I leave the asylum.

We climb back into the coach for the short ride to the Reformatory for Stubborn Boys, it being in the same run-down neighborhood.

There is large iron gate at the front of the place with a guard sitting by it.

"Open the gate, please," says Ezra.

"Hain't visitin' hours," answers the lout, chewing on a pipe stem and not getting up.

"We are expected."

"I didn't 'spect you."

Enough of this.

I fish out a dollar coin from my purse and hold it up before him. "Is this the key?" I ask, my face a stone mask of contempt.

He shows his yellow teeth in a gap-toothed smile and rises to open the gate. As Ezra and I enter, I toss the coin in the dust at his feet.

We find ourselves in a courtyard area, bare of anything except the rough gravel underfoot. Certainly the place lacks any smidgen of cheer. There is a heavy wooden door at the first level of the stone building, with a row of barred windows above, against which are pressed the dirty faces of many, many boys.

Ezra goes to the door and pulls the bell-rope. Presently, the door opens and a man peers out. Ezra speaks to him, and the door is closed again. Then, after a while, a large man comes out holding Ravi-not gently by the hand, but roughly by his thin upper arm.

Upon seeing him, my eyes well up and I put my hands to my face. I can see plainly that he has a cut on his right cheekbone, and his left eye is bruised and almost swollen shut.

"Five minutes," says the jailer firmly. He releases Ravi and crosses his arms to wait out the short time. Ravi runs to me and I kneel and put my arms around him and hold him to me.

Haw, haw! I hear from the window above me. That little black boy's got a fancy lady! Lookit that! Lookit that!

The jailer turns back to the door and shouts within, "Igor! Knock 'em back!"

Shouts of pain and anguish are heard from above as the unseen Igor's stick is undoubtedly falling to great effect upon the backs of the unfortunate boys, whose faces all disappear from the windows.

"Ravi, dear boy, what have they done to you?" I whimper through my tears.

He looks at me and then back at the jailer, who glowers down upon us, and I can sense Ravi's street smarts clicking in.

"Oh, is nothing, Memsahib, not to worry. Merely rough play between other lads and me. Most jolly," he says, looking back up at the guard with his big, brown eyes. "Ravi meet many fine fellows here in this place. Teach him many things."

I notice that his knuckles are bruised and bloody. Oh, Ravi, by the many-armed Kali, Goddess of Death, I hope you gave as good as you got!

"You remember Mr. Pickering, don't you, Ravi? He is a lawyer and he is working to get you out of here," I say, choking back tears. "The hearing comes up next week and we are hopeful that we can get you released. But you must be brave till then. Can you do that, Ravi?"

"Yes," he says. "But still, Ravi wonders, if he may, why he was brought here?"

I choke back yet another sob and manage to say, "They ... they say I am not a ... a fit mother for you. It is all my fault."

"Time's up," says the jailer, coming up and grabbing Ravi once again by the arm.

"No," says Ravi with a wan smile as he is hauled off. "Is not Missy's fault. She should know that she is best mother in all the wide world ... Is just karma, is all," says my wise little man. "Goodbye, Memsahib. I go back to see new ... friends now."

I stand and watch his small, brave little back disappear through that heavy door.

"If I have to burn down this entire goddamn town to get him out of that place, I will do it!" I promise, seething with fury, when we get back in the coach.

"I hope it will not come to that, Jacky, but given your past history I do not entirely discount that possibility," says Ezra dryly. "But, where shall you go now, Jacky?"

"Back to the Pig. I shall do a set."

"But are you up to it? Today must have been most trying to you."

"I must. We will need bail, bribe, and hush money. No sense moping around. Let's get to it."

Chapter 30

The Journal of J. E. Fletcher

Envoy, House of Chen

Boston, Massachusetts, USA

Journal entry, July 24, 1809

A disguise, I find, can be a very handy thing. With my current raiment I can easily travel about this town quite unobserved, as who could care about the ramblings of a pathetic cripple. I have been to the Court House and to the State House and to the Customs House and even into the depths of Skivareen's, where I beheld the legendary and loathsome Pigger O'Toole sitting in regal squalor with his Queen Glory. I also saw Pyro Johnny, the Firestarter, sitting in a corner with his bowl of phosphorous flames dancing before his glowing face. I did not linger long in that place.

I am currently at the Pig and Whistle Inn. I have been having my dinners here of late as the food is very good. Yes, I still take pleasure in some things and I know that soon I will be back at sea, where the fare will not be nearly as good. And, furthermore, it gives me a chance to talk with Molly Malone concerning her employer. Why I should care about her, I do not know, but I do.

"Yes, Sir," she relates, sadly, "it has hit our Jacky most hard-to have her two kids grabbed like that and then be called a bad mother. There's no worse curse in the world than that. That fat pig of a constable seized Joannie from here when she went out to empty kitchen slops, and she put up a mighty fight she did, but it didn't do her no good. Then they snatched up poor little Ravi when he was workin' his peanut cart down at the docks. We found it overturned and broken up-prolly by Pigger O'Toole and his foul crew, who must've watched the whole thing and laughed at the poor lad's distress. Aye, it has not been a great few days for Faber Shipping, that's for sure ... nor for Jacky herself, her sailor lad still not returned to her side to help her through these troubles. Here's your plate, Sir, and a pint of ale? Certainly, Sir, here we are ..."

When I ask Molly just how this could have been brought about, she replies, "Well, Mr. Pickering has found out that Mrs. Shinn, you know, the one what leads the COWS, has sworn out affy-davies in court before Judge Thwackham sayin' that Jacky gave the kids rum to drink that day of the COWS parade, and that she saw it with her own eyes! Well, Sir, I was there on that porch, and with me own eyes I saw that those kids had nothin' in their glasses but sweet tea! And I will stand and testify to that next Thursday when the hearing is held."

I compliment Molly on her steadfastness as she moves off to serve another table.

As I eat, I'm surprised to see that J. F. has come out to do a set. There's a reasonable crowd and I imagine she feels the show must go on, no matter what, the Playhouse still being closed due to repair and legal problems.

She mounts the stage, does some soft instrumentals on violin and concertina, then goes into some slow, sad songs-"The Galway Shawl," "The Mountains of Mourne"-and then into brighter, gayer tunes. And yes, she is bright, she is gay, but I can see the sadness and hurt in her eyes. I want to tell her that she had it coming, that she should have known better, and that she brought it all on herself, but I just can't bring myself to do it, or even wish it upon her. She does some hornpipes and jigs on the pennywhistle, then she calls out, "For our own dear Molly Malone, I will now do 'Cockles and Mussels!'"

In Dublin's fair city, where the girls are so pretty

I first set my eyes on sweet Molly Malone

As she wheeled her wheelbarrow

Through streets broad and narrow

Crying cockles and mussels, alive, alive-O!

Alive, alive-O! Alive, alive-O!

Crying cockles and mussels, alive, alive-O!

She was a fishmonger, but sure 'twas no wonder

For so were her father and mother before

And they each wheeled their barrow

Through streets broad and narrow

Crying cockles and mussels, alive, alive-O!

Alive, alive-O! Alive, alive-O!

Crying cockles and mussels, alive, alive-O!

At this, Molly pipes up with, "I ain't never been to Dublin, and I ain't never sold a cockle, let alone some mussels!" and the crowd laughs in appreciation at her jolly cheekiness. Herself goes on, in a more subdued way ...

She died of a fever, and no one could save her

And that was the end of sweet Molly Malone

But her ghost wheels her barrow

Through streets broad and narrow

Crying cockles and mussels, alive, alive-O!

Alive, alive-O! Alive, alive-O!

Crying cockles and mussels, alive, alive-O!

From behind the bar Molly calls out, "If I dies, me ghost won't be goin' back to Ireland, where the poor thing would surely starve, spirit or no. Nay, my ghost will stay right here to haunt you good Boston folk to the end of your days for the meager tips you leave a poor hardworkin' Irish girl!"

There are roars of laughter at this, and coins are flipped and rain down upon the merry barmaid, and when the audience subsides, J. F. asks, "Are there any requests? If there are, and I know the tune, I would be happy to play and sing it for you."

I decide to take a chance.

I rise, hunched over and leaning heavily on my staff. I approach the stage, and when I get there, I flip a half-eagle gold coin into her open fiddle case.

"Do you know the ballad 'John Reilly'?" I ask in my raspy voice.

She looks at me curiously, but then nods and picks up her guitar and plays the melody, then raises her chin and sings the song straight out ...

A fair young maid was in her garden,

A strange young man comes riding by

Saying "Fair maid, will you marry me?"

And this then, Sir, was her reply ...

Oh, no kind sir, I cannot marry thee,

For I've a love who sails all on the sea,

Though he's been gone for seven years,

Still no man shall marry me.

Well, what if he's in some battle slain,

Or drowned in the deep salt sea,

Or what if he's found another love,

And he and his love both married be?

If he's in some battle slain,

I will die, when the moon doth wane,

And if he's drowned in the deep salt sea,

I'll be true to his memory ...

Does she choke up a bit on that? I cannot be sure. She goes on ...

And if he's found another love,

And he and his love both married be,

Then I wish them health and happiness,

Where they now dwell across the sea ...

Did I see the glint of a tear in her eye? I don't know ...

He picked her up all in his arms,

And kisses gave her one, two, and three,

Saying weep no more my own true love.

I am your long lost John Reilly.

Of course, she does a fine job ... But does she take the meaning of it? And do I hope she does? I do not know what I hope ...

Did I then stand up and rip off my disguise and declare that I was "her long lost John Reilly"?

No, I did not ... I only stood and left the Pig, my mind in turmoil.

J.E.F.

Chapter 31

I end my set by taking a modest bow, putting aside my guitar, and stepping down from the stage. As I do so, I see the Hunchback rise and limp out the door.

Strange, I think, that he should request that particular song. Well, I hope it brought him some cheer for his half-eagle tip, though it didn't cheer me much. I was thinking all the way through it, Where is my own John Reilly?

Where are you, Jaimy, when I need you so much?

As I'm going up to talk with Molly at the bar and maybe have a bit of something for my dry throat and my worried mind, a man, one of Arthur McBride's crew who has been assigned to watch the Pig and Playhouse to keep Pyro Johnny and any other of Pigger's foul crew from setting fire to the place, bursts in and shouts ...

"FIRE! FIRE DOWN AT THE DOCKS!"

I am out the door in a flash, with Molly close behind. Once in the street, I see the plume of smoke rising above a building at the end of Long Wharf, and I hear the clanging of the fire brigades charging toward the fire.

Thank God, it is not our building!

As Molly and I pound down the street, skirts held to our waists, we are passed by the Sons of Boston Fire Hose and Pump. They do not suffer us a glance, but Molly manages to flip them a rude gesture as they pass. Then comes Arthur McBride and the Shamrock Hose, Ladder and Pump Company thundering past. When we arrive at the dock, we see that Pigger O'Toole and his Free Men's Fire and Insurance Company wagon is already there in front of the burning building, which turns out to be a freestanding warehouse belonging to a wool importer, a Mr. Linus Woolsey. I do feel for the man, however, as smoke is pouring out of the roof and flames flicker at the upper windows of his building.

There is no emblem affixed to the side of the building, so the three principal fire companies face off.

"There ain't no mark on that place!" roars Captain Pigger in Arthur McBride's face, "so I claims this here fire is ours, so bugger off, mick!"

"Bugger off, will I?" shouts Arthur right back at him. "Aye, right after I bury me fist in yer fat gut, you scum-suckin' English pig!"

"Gentlemen, please!" cries poor Mr. Woolsey, who dances about, pointing at the flames coming from his warehouse. "Put out the fire, I beg you, then we will talk about recompense!"

Captain Warren of the Sons of Boston Firehouse strides into the midst of the others, copper hat on head and speaking trumpet under arm, and intones through his long, blue, New England nose, "We shall put out the fire, Sir, for the sum of five hundred dollars."

"But ..." sputters the unfortunate but very aptly named Mr. Woolsey.

"Four hundred," intones Captain Pigger.

The fire in question sizzles quite nicely behind the negotiations, the raw wool within being heavy with lanolin, an oily secretion of the skin of the sheep from which the wool was sheared, providing a fine burning material. There is a brisk onshore wind and that sure ain't helping matters any. The place fairly sizzles, and under the overwhelming stench of burning wool, there is a faint odor of mutton.

Arthur McBride considers this, then sticks his finger in the air and is, I believe, about to undercut the bid, when, with a roar, the entire roof of the structure collapses and the walls fall inward, and within minutes, all that is left is a big pile of glowing embers.

Mr. Woolsey's shoulders slump as he looks over the mess, the ruin of his business, then he curses all three fire companies and stalks off, waving his arms about in impotent anger.

"You're right," says Arthur, reconsidering his bid. "It is your fire, after all, Pigger. I wish you the joy of it."

One who is definitely enjoying the whole spectacle is Pyro Johnny, whom I had spotted as Molly and I came up to join Arthur and his Company. The little dervish was dancing excitedly about the edge of the smoldering ruins, his face all aglow in the reflected heat of the embers.

"Poor Mr. Woolsey," I say, meaning it.

"Poor nothin'," says Arthur, rounding up his men. "He should have bought the Shamrock insurance. He was offered it and didn't take it, so bad luck to him. And it looks like he's already had it. Let's go, lads."

But it turns out that nobody goes nowhere, for from the far end of Crane's Wharf comes the cry, A ship! A big one! Coming in!

I rush out to look ... Oh, Glory! It's the Lorelei Lee!

The onshore wind that had helped fan the flames that spelled destruction for poor Mr. Woolsey's warehouse, also helps the Lee warp straight into her berth at Long Wharf. Lines are tossed over, and neat as you please, she is tied up and the gangway comes down.

"Hooray!" I shout as I pound down the wharf to the gangway. Oh, there's my lovely figurehead and there's Liam Delaney as Captain on the quarterdeck, and ... Oh yes! Ian McConnaughey is lookin' all straight and strong and grinnin' at me for all he's worth as I run up the gangway and see ... Yes! A mop of red hair! Mairead! And then I throw myself on Liam's chest and cry, "Oh, Father, I am so glad you are here," and he hugs me to him and then he pushes me away.

Wot?

"We got trouble, Jacky," is what he says, and from behind me I hear ...

"You Sons and Daughters of Boston!"

I turn to see Captain Warren standing atop his fire wagon, his speaking trumpet to his lips, exhorting the crowd.

"Here is yet another boatload of the Irish scum! At least six hundred pigs and sows of the lowest order of humanity! Shall we show them just how welcome they are here in our fine city?"

There is a roar from the mob on the pier, and stones are picked up and thrown as the first passenger, a young woman with a shawl about her head and shoulders and holding an infant to her chest, comes down the gangway. She smiles hopefully, in joyful anticipation of seeing her husband and the father of her child, but instead she takes a stone on the side of her face and falls to her knees, curling into a ball to shelter her baby from any more rocks.

The second woman down the gangway is Mairead Delaney McConnaughey, with a curse on her lips and a belaying pin in her right hand.

"Get off, you miserable bastards," she cries as she brings her pin down on a nearby head. "Or you'll find what messin' with the Irish is like!" The man falls and she whips around to strike at another.

The third woman down the gangway is me, and I have picked up my own belaying pin and am flailing around in a state of blind rage. Through my anger, I have sense enough to call out to Arthur McBride, "Arthur! Gather the lads! All of them!"

But I needn't have said that as I see Molly Malone astride the Shamrock Pump clanging the bell for all she is worth-clang, clang, clang, clang! There are sets of four rings, repeated over and over, the signal for the Irish to gather.

And gather they do.

From every millpond, from every gravel pit, from every ropewalk, from every workplace and common yard they come, swarming over Beacon Hill, over the Common, and down to the docks, some still carrying their pickaxes and hammers, some with their shillelaghs. And when they get to the wharf and hear the cries of their women, they wade right into the fight with grim determination.

It is plain that Captain Warren and the Sons of Boston have their own signals, and soon masses of men come from other sections of the city and the battle rages for real. Heads are cracked, blood is spilled, and men lie motionless on the ground.

I pull out my shiv and look about for a target worthy of its steel, as I am beyond all rational thought and only seek to destroy my enemies and grind them beneath my heel. The blood lust is up in me and what I want is blood, and the blood I want is that of Pigger O'Toole, and I want it so bad I can taste it.

Of course, that cowardly bastard is nowhere to be seen, leaving the fight to his minions, and so I go to look for lesser prey. I spy Captain Warren standing on his pump, calling encouragement to his troops through his speaking trumpet, and I crawl up behind him.

"For the purity of our race! For future generations of true Americans!" he is shouting. "For those yet unborn-"

That's as far as he gets as I leap upon him and place my forefinger in his right nostril and my middle finger in his left nostril, pull back his head, wrap my legs around his middle, put my shiv across his throat and hiss, "Call off your dogs, man, or you'll be whistling 'Yankee Doodle' through the stump of your neck."

He stiffens, considers his position, then calls out, "That's enough for now, Sons of Boston. We'll fight again another day!"

As the battle subsides, I whisper in his ear, "Stay out of my turf, Warren, or you will regret it!"

With that, I draw my shiv across his throat-he gasps-but I do not go deep, merely a thin line of blood is what appears. Then I release him and jump down off the wagon.

I note when I hit the ground that the danger of the day is not yet over. The breeze is still kicking up and embers from the fire are blowing over the Lorelei Lee.

Alarmed I call out, "Liam! Man the pumps. Watch out for fires!"

But I do not have to order that, for it has already been done. Arthur McBride, too, has taken his fire pump to the side of the Lee and is dousing any glowing sparks that might appear.

In spite of Warren's call for the withdrawal of his forces, fights still rage on the wharf, mainly between the outraged Irish and Pigger's minions ... and one minion in particular is still out for mischief ...

It is Pyro Johnny. Not satisfied with the spectacle of the burning warehouse, he has picked up a torch from the mass of glowing embers that were once a building and is advancing on the Lee, his face glowing with a demonic light and his intention being to throw that burning log into the now slack, and very dry, after sail. If he succeeds, it could get down to the powder magazine. Oh, Lord, no!

But I needn't have worried. As Pyro Johnny pulls back his arm and prepares to throw the torch, the Hunchback steps out of the shadows and brings his staff across the back of Johnny's head. The little man pitches to the ground, dropping his clutch of burning sticks. He groans and attempts to get up, but the Hunchback puts his heel on Johnny's neck and holds him face-down on the ground.

He then reaches over and pulls down Pyro Johnny's pants and then picks up the torch and shoves it down the back of his pants. Then, very deliberately, he pulls the trousers back up and removes his foot from Johnny's neck.

Johnny screams and lurches up. He swats at the awful load in his pants and then takes the best way out. He runs to the side of the pier and launches himself over into the cooling waters. I believe I hear a faint hisssssing.

Before he can be thanked for his action, the Hunchback has disappeared.

Seeing a path open to the gangway, I once again climb onto the deck of the Lorelei Lee and who do I see standing there but ...

Higgins!

I go up and leap upon him, crying, "Oh, Higgins, I have missed you so much! I am in such trouble and everything is going wrong! Joannie and Ravi are in the chokey, and I've messed everything up. Amy hates me and I've blown all my money and, and ... Jaimy's supposed to meet me here, but he hasn't shown up. No, he hasn't! And I've been called an unfit mother and worse! And, and oh, just hold me, Higgins, and make everything better!"

"There, there, Miss," he says, patting my shaking shoulders. "We shall see what can be done ..."

Chapter 32

The day after the big riot, we hold a council of war in the main cabin of the Lorelei Lee. Seven of us are there: Captain Liam Delaney, Mairead and Ian McConnaughey, Arthur McBride, John Higgins, Ezra Pickering, and myself. It being a breakfast meeting, coffee and cakes are served all around.

The passengers, a great many of them women and children, had been debarked after the great battle, and the reunion of families, when finally accomplished, was a joy to witness. McBride's Irish warriors formed a gauntlet leading off the ship and into the town to protect the girls, women, and boys from any of the mob that might still have some meanness and fight left in them. Eventually, all made it to the lodgings that were waiting for them. Many a poor workman's lonely bed was made much warmer last night.

"As Clerk and Chief Counsel of Faber Shipping, I must advise that, for their own safety, we cease the further importation of Irish immigrants," Mr. Pickering says. "This town is on the verge of major anarchy, as you plainly saw yesterday."

I see heads nodding in agreement, John Higgins's being one of them, but First Mate Ian McConnaughey demurs. "We've already signed up another four hundred for the next trip. Most have paid and will be very disappointed, not to say angry, if we do not hold up our end of the bargain." His wife, Mairead, dear friend to me and daughter to Liam Delaney, nods at that. She is the Matron of Women on the Lorelei and knows well the anguish of wives, sweethearts, and families torn apart by poverty and desperation.

"I've got two hundred brave Irish lads, each with his own cudgel," announces the hotheaded Arthur McBride, arms crossed and looking resolute. "We can protect our own."

"You can protect them from low-born thugs and scoundrels as you amply demonstrated yesterday," says Ezra. "But you cannot protect them from the Law, which is currently in the corrupt hands of Constable Wiggins and the unfriendly court of Judge Hiram Thwackham, who is definitely not known to be a lover of the Irish."

I heave a great sigh and say, "'Tis true. You saw yesterday how that lunatic Pyro Johnny tried to set afire the Lee with over four hundred people aboard, and that pig Wiggins just stood by and let it happen. And is Pyro now in jail, waiting to be hanged? No, he is not."

"Aye," says Liam. "I shudder to think what could have happened if a fire had started up on the fo'c's'le."

"If I might make a suggestion," ventures Faber Shipping's First Vice President John Higgins, my great friend and protector, and all eyes turn to him. "Perhaps the Lorelei Lee could carry the next load of passengers to New York instead of Boston? They might be more welcome there."

Ezra puts his hand to his chin and considers. "A good thought, John. I have read recently that the city is draining a swamp at a place called Five Points and that workers are needed. Our people might be received more warmly there."

"But what of the wives and sweethearts who have come over to join their loved ones in Boston?" asks Mairead. "What will happen when those poor souls land all alone in New York?"

I think on this and say, "To those wanting to come on to Boston, we'll issue them enough money for coach and lodging, the cost of which will be borne by Faber Shipping. Nothing shall be added to the terms of their indenture. That way they will come into Boston gradually and not be noticed."

Nods all around on that.

"So it's decided," I announce. "The Lee will go back to Waterford to pick up the passengers for which she is contracted. She will proceed to New York City, debark them, and then she will set sail for Burma and load a cargo of spices, silks, and whatever else the Orient has to offer. I will give you a letter to the House of Chen and I am sure Chopstick Charlie will provide us with everything we need in the way of commerce."

And, maybe I will find out just where in hell you are, James Fletcher!

"Then when things have settled down here, we will resume our Ireland-to-Boston express. Is it agreed? Good." I rise and say, "Liam, please have the ship ready to go as quickly as you can. Pack on stores for the return trip but wait till Friday to leave. Today is Monday and the hearing for my kids is on Thursday, and I wouldn't mind you hanging around till then. Plus, you must give your crew some liberty, but warn them to be careful, as you know how the situation lies. Have them stick with Arthur McBride, here, as he knows the lay of the land."

"That's right, Ian," says the grinning McBride, throwing his arm about his childhood friend. "Leave that old Mairead here and I'll show you a right fine time in this town. You haven't met my sweet Molly Malone yet, now, have you? Ah, you're in for a rare treat, my boy! Come, lad, let's go!"

Mairead's green eyes cast Arthur McBride a look of pure, amused disdain, for she knows Ian will not be out of her sight, at least when that Arthur McBride is around.

All rise with me and Ezra says, "I bid you all good day. I have a full day in court ahead of me today, where I will attempt to keep a number of our stalwarts out of jail ... or worse. There were some serious injuries yesterday, you may believe that. And as for you, Miss, perhaps it would be best if you were to go out of sight for a few days? You know you were spotted holding a knife to Captain Warren's throat, don't you?"

"Be that as it may, Ezra, there's no place for me to go. Besides, Arthur has a squad of his men about the perimeter of the Pig, so I shall be quite safe."

"Perhaps a visit to Dovecote might be better, Miss," suggests Higgins.

"Ah, no," I say with a rueful glance at Ezra Pickering. "That will not work, as I am no longer welcome at Dovecote." When Higgins appears surprised, I put my hand on his arm and say, "I shall explain at dinner tonight at the Pig and Whistle, to which you are all invited. But, remember, place a watchful guard all around the ship. Pigger O'Toole and his vile crew are right across the wharf there at Skivareen's, and Pyro Johnny is still free and lurking on the street. Ezra, I'll go with you to court to see how Judge Thwackham is running things these days, as I must know for the sake of my kids. Don't worry, I shall wear my shawl, my dark wig, and my veil. No one shall recognize me. And I will be good."

I put my hand on Ezra's arm as we go to the door. "Till later, my very good friends. We'll see you tonight at the Pig."

Somewhat later, when we get to court, Ezra places me in a pew in the spectator's gallery and goes off to perform his duties as an officer of the court and I avidly watch the proceedings.

"All rise! The High Court of the State of Massachusetts is now in session, the Honorable Judge Hiram Thwackham, presiding!"

The old warhorse stumps in, all clad in black robe and white wig. He looks around balefully and then drops his bulk into his chair, high above all the rest of us.

"Very well, Bailiff," he rumbles, shaking his pendulous jowls about and picking up his gavel. "What nonsense have we before us today?"

A severe-looking gent rises and begins to read from the docket.

"A charge of Aggravated Assault against one Seamus McCoy for the splitting of the head of Amos Whiting, Attorney Pickering for the defense."

"Well, bring the man up here and let's have a look at him," orders the Judge, as the unfortunate Mr. McCoy is hauled up before him. "Good, God! Another Irishman from the bog! Is there no end to them and their savage ways?"

"Forty days on the rock pile, you miserable miscreant!"

Hmmm ... It appears Ezra was right in his appraisal of Judge Thwackham's view of the Irish nation. Ezra stands and does what he can.

The trials go on and on and I get to see the gist of things. The Judge does not like the immigrants, whether they be white, black, or anything in between ...

"Thirty dollars or thirty days, you black heathen! Take him away!"

That poor man, a perfectly reasonable Negro person had what seemed to me to be a legitimate complaint against a white foreman on a construction job, the complaint being that the foreman had beat him and then did not pay him.

Hmmm ... Things don't look good for Ravi in this place, I'm thinking. And not for Joannie, neither, as women are given short shrift, too.

"Get that hag out of my court!" "Good God, is this a brothel?" "A madhouse?" "An asylum?"

I cast my gaze about as the cases drone on.

Hmmm ... There is a clock high up on the wall and I notice it is almost noon. I suspect the Judge never misses his lunch after a fine morning of making people miserable. And sure enough, I am right.

I slip out of the gallery and sneak around the hallway, and there I spy a servant going into a chamber behind the high bench. He bears a tray laden with bread, meat, potatoes, and a steaming pot of tea. He places it on a table and withdraws. Presently I hear, All rise ... and Judge Thwackham sweeps by and into his chambers for lunch.

Hmmmm ...

PART IV

Chapter 33

Things have quieted down some. Governor Gore has threatened to call out the Massachusetts Militia if Boston doesn't behave. "By God, Boston was a thorn in the side of the British, and now it is a thorn in my own side. I will not have it, do you hear?" Of course, I'm thinking that our fair city has always been of a rather rambunctious nature, and may it ever be so.

The fires have abated as well. I figure the reason is that Pyro Johnny is probably still nursing his scorched bum, though we continue to have a guard set around Faber Shipping's holdings, just in case. Pigger O'Toole is still around but is lying low for the time being, his troops nursing their own wounds gained in the big battle. I did approach the Hunchback in the street, giving him a low curtsy and thanking him for preventing the torching of my ship. But he merely grunted and went on his weary way. Ah, well, I tried.

Joannie and Ravi have been in the slammer for five days now. It tears me apart that I have been unable to get in to see them again, but I did manage to smuggle in some more bribe money to their oppressors, so I hope the kids are getting a little bit better treatment. The case comes up on Thursday, so all should be resolved then, one way or another.

The town being quiet for the time being, we get back to the business of the Pig and the Playhouse ...

We are in dress rehearsal and are ready to open tomorrow. The sets are made, the costumes sewn, and the whole place is a-twitter with feverish excitement.

The lights go up on Act 3, scene 2. It is the scene where the captive girls are all gathered about me, lying on the balcony shelf of the Bloodhound. I have just been brought down from the deck, bare-backed and sobbing after I had been betrayed by Elspeth Goodwin, tied to the mast, and whipped into semi-consciousness by the vile Captain Blodgett and his cat-o'-nine-tails, and wasn't that a well-staged scene. My back was bared,well, just down to the middle of it, and then, just as Blodgett swung the cat, the house-lights were killed and all that was heard was the swish of the cat and my anguished screams in the dark. Great theater, that; you can't say it isn't.

It is then we pledge our loyalty to each other.

I lift my head and speak up first.

"I, Jacky Faber, swear on my very life that I will never betray you, my Sisters, and I will bend every fiber of my being to gaining our release from this prison, even if I do not live to see it."

Vainglorious, I know; yes, and corny, too, but it makes for good theater. I look to Clarissa, who is playing herself ...

"Ah, Clarissa Worthington Howe, do swear on mah life that Ah will not betray you, mah Sisters, and that Ah will bend every fiber of mah being to gaining owah release from this hellhole, even if Ah do not live to see it."

Polly Von, playing the role of Dolley Frazier, is the next one up to take the pledge ...

"I, Dolley Frazier, do so swear on my life that I will never betray you, my Sisters, in any way and will strive with every fiber of my being to gain our freedom from this hell, even if I do not live to see it." Polly possesses the true gift of the actress to softly voice her lines, yet somehow manage to project her speech to the rear of the building. Some of the girls, those heretofore untrained in the theater, resort to shouting their lines, which doesn't work, but Mr. Fennell and Mr. Bean have managed to coax them along to an acceptable level of competence. That pair may be the worst of ham actors, but they do know their business.

And so on down the line, till all the girls pledge their loyalty unto death to their Sisters in bondage ... all the girls except for one ...

Elspeth Goodwin, the girl who had betrayed me in hopes of gaining her own freedom by doing so and had been rewarded with only a dismal piece of blue ribbon for her treachery, kneels next to me, sobbing out her shame and dismay. I put my hand on her head and forgive her.

No, it is not Elspeth herself playing that role. It is well that her parents have moved out of state and taken their beloved daughter with them. When last I spoke with her, she seemed recovered from her ordeal, but we certainly wouldn't want our reenactment to force her to relive it. It had been a tough time for all, but some suffered their time in that hellhole of a ship more than others.

"She may have forgiven you, Elspeth, but Ah have not!" hisses Clarissa, grabbing the girl by the hair and pulling her head back.

"Please don't hurt me, please," whimpers the young actress, shrinking back under the intensity of Clarissa's gaze. She is very convincing and very much into the role, and I suspect Clarissa's grip on the girl's hair is a little tighter than it needs to be so it probably really does hurt.

"You shall wear this mark of shame until the day you die!" snarls Clarissa, straddling the girl and tying the despised rag of blue ribbon around her hair, pulling it cruelly tight. "And Ah hope that day is soon!"

Booooommmmm ...

All heads jerk up and out of character at the sound.

Booooommmmmm ...

"What's that?" asks Clarissa, letting go of the gasping actress's hair and rising to her feet above her.

Booooommmmm ...

"Sounds like a Navy ship entering the port and saluting the Governor," I say, recalling many such salutes in the past.

"Could it be?" asks Polly Von, getting to her feet and looking in the direction of the sound.

"Well, let's go see, Sister," I say, and we are up and out the door.

Yes, it is the mighty Chesapeake, all flags flying, guns booming, and looking absolutely glorious!

Polly Von flies down the street, easily outdistancing me, but then I am not the beloved mistress of Second Lieutenant Randall Trevelyne, United States Marine Corps.

As Polly anxiously awaits the warping in of the warship to the south side of Long Wharf, I let my eyes roam about and see that there is yet another vessel entering the port of Boston.

Hmmm ... It's a good-sized brig, sitting pretty low in the water, which shows she's got a full cargo ... but of what, I wonder. It flies a Portuguese flag at the stern, but from the masthead, a long pennant is whipping around, all gold and green and somewhat familiar.

The ship is heading for a berth very close to the offices of HOC Shipping. It is quickly warped in and tied up, and then I notice the black-clad Hunchback leaning on his staff, lurching toward the lowered gangway. Just then, an errant breeze whips up and straightens out the pennant.

It shows a golden dragon on a field of green, snorting fire. Beneath its belly, in red characters, is Cheng Shih's calligraphic chop. It is her safe-passage banner, and it suddenly comes to me ...

H. O. C.?

Of course, you idiot! HOC. How could you be so stupid? It stands for House of Chen!

I stand there and fume. Then I pound over to the ship, newly arrived, I now know, from Rangoon.

Charlie, you double-dealing, slant-eyed, inscrutable Oriental son of a bitch! I'll get you for this! And you'd better have news of Jaimy!

Chapter 34

J. E. Fletcher

Representative, House of Chen

Boston, Massachusetts, USA

Journal Entry, July 27, 1809

It was with great satisfaction that I greeted the arrival of Charlie Chen's vessel, La Ciudad de Lisbon, with its cargo of rich spices, silks, et cetera, for it meant that I would soon be able to leave this place and all of its sorrow behind me.

As I came aboard to introduce myself to the Captain, I saw J. F. come running down the wharf and up the gangway, her skirts held at half-mast before her. I stepped to the side as the furious Miss J. stormed up to the Captain, demanding that he explain what the hell he was doing here on "her turf," as she put it, and "furthermore, what news do you have of a certain Mr. James Emerson Fletcher?"

The Captain, whose name turned out to be Boaz, said nothing, but merely bowed and handed her a letter and then had her escorted off, rather forcefully, by a man who appeared to be a Gurkha. She fumed, but she went, clutching the letter.

I then met with Captain Boaz, who also handed me a letter from Charlie Chen and invited me down into his cabin for refreshments so I would be able to read it in comfort.

Over a glass of excellent Portuguese Madeira I opened the letter and read ...

Charles Chen

House of Chen

Rangoon, Burma

Mr. James Emerson Fletcher

Envoy, House of Chen

State Street, Boston, Massachusetts, USA

June 3, 1809

Dear Cheung Tong,

As you read this, you are undoubtedly seated in the main cabin of my fine ship Ciudad de Lisbon, a well-found craft I picked up last year when it made an ill-considered smuggling run into the waters off Burma. Tsk, tsk, foolish mariners.

I hope you will find the cargo intact. Captain Boaz has a detailed manifest and I expect that a careful inventory will be taken. After that, have the goods taken ashore and sell them for the best price you can get.

Now, to another matter, Long Boy:

Captain Boaz was shipwrecked last year in the Straits of Malacca and he is most desirous of being reunited with his family in Portugal. He requests that he be relieved of his command of the Ciudad de Lisbon and be allowed to go on his way. I have acceded to his request as he has paid off, through good service to me, both his debt and the ransom of his wife and daughters.

I am sure you have noticed Ganju Thapa and six of his fine Gurkhas are aboard. I sent them on this voyage to insure that Captain Boaz did not make off with my ship and its very rich cargo, thinking to hell with his wife and daughters. Both Captain Boaz and Ganju Thapa have been instructed to follow your orders to the letter. I am sure they will do so.

I assume you have by now met with Number Two Daughter, Ju kau-jing yi, and she has calmed down a bit and you both are locked in some sort of amorous embrace-ah the follies of youth. Better to be old, like me.

But whatever the case, I offer you the following: Take over the command of the Ciudad de Lisbon and sail her back to me after she is off-loaded and the business concluded. I am sure you have set up my Boston offices with people competent to run my United States operation. You may bring the Little Round-Eyed Barbarian with you if you wish. It will be a pleasure to see her. After you return to Rangoon, you may go on your merry way, or ways, with my blessing.

And the blessing of my Number One Daughter, Sidrah, as well. She looks forward to your return.

May All the Pertinent Gods Smile Upon You,

C. Chen

Chapter 35

The dinner at the Pig last night was a joyous, riotous affair. How could it not be with the entire cast and crew of In the Belly of the Bloodhound being in attendance: Messrs. Fennell and Bean, booming out poetical verses; our great baritones, Solomon Freeman and Enoch Lightner, the incomparable Shantyman, booming out their songs; and me, adding my noise to the raucous mix with voice, fiddle, and feet. Bottles of claret were cracked, barrels of ale were set on their sides with spigots pounded into their bungholes, and their contents freely passed out to the guests. Great platters of roast beef and potatoes and tureens of thick gravy were served. Several roast geese were presented to great acclaim, and bowls of our trademark Pig's Peanuts were everywhere, their empty shells crackling under the feet of the revelers. Yes, that set Faber Shipping back more than a few dimes, you may be sure, but we should make up the cost from ticket sales. We are sold out for at least the first three performances.

For whatever else will be said of the Pig and Whistle in the future, it will be well known that we knew how to throw a party.

Randall Trevelyne is seated at the head table with his Polly Von on his right and me on his left. To my left side is John Higgins and beyond him is Ezra Pickering. It saddens me to see that Amy Trevelyne is not by his side ...

"Miss Amy will attend the premiere tomorrow, but she will seek lodging elsewhere," said Ezra, with some regret in his voice. I know he is truly distressed by this rift between Amy and me. Will you never forgive me, Sister?

Higgins, too, notices my unhappiness at this state of affairs and places a comforting hand on my arm.

"Do not take this too hard, Miss," he says. "All good friends have quarrels and when the falling out is between such friends as you and Miss Trevelyne, well, the pain is the more intense. Please have patience. I am sure you and she will reconcile."

I pat his hand and say, "Good Higgins, you always lend me comfort. I hope things work out as you say."

The Hunchback is also in attendance, keeping to himself in a dark corner. He does not, however, escape the attention of Randall Trevelyne.

"What's that?" asks Randall of me, hooking his thumb toward the man.

I follow his gaze and say, a bit testily, "Oh. That's Mr. Tong. He's a representative of the House of Chen, a trading company owned by my former friend and benefactor Chopstick Charlie of Rangoon."

Randall nods, but he continues to look upon the Hunchback for a while, his demeanor thoughtful.

Beyond Ezra is Clarissa Worthington Howe, and seated next to her is young Lieutenant Gale, a friend of Randall's who cannot believe his good luck in being put next to this rare beauty. She is in fine form tonight, spreading her charm all about, but she does not talk to Randall and she spares very few words for her co-star, Polly Von. Clarissa is back in my bed at night now that Joannie's out of it for now, and I do not mind-neither she nor I like sleeping alone-and we do talk as people will as we drop off to sleep, and I find that she still harbors a resentment of some sort. Against Randall ...? Against Polly ...? Against me ...? I don't know, but I don't let it bother me. She will have to sort that out for herself.

I shake those thoughts from my mind and put it back on the festivities. I am called upon for a song and I get up on the table and deliver it with voice, fiddle, and feet. And the gaiety roars on into the night, but eventually we have to call a halt and say goodnight to all, for I want my cast to be fresh for tomorrow's show ... reasonably fresh, at least.

"Goodnight, my friends," I say with outspread arms while still on the table top. "God rest ye merry and we shall have a glorious day tomorrow!"

Goodbyes are said, with final hoots and huzzahs, and all eventually make it back to their beds wherever they be in this town. Molly is off with Arthur McBride, and Polly Von takes Randall Trevelyne's hand and leads him up to her own room above the Pig. I notice that particular departure does not escape Clarissa Worthington Howe's narrowed eyes as she and I head off to my room. Come on, Clarissa, let it go! I am thinking, as I give her a poke and a shove in the direction of my bed.

But that was last night and this is now.

I rise in the morning and shove Clarissa out of bed. She is a hard one to awaken come morn, that's for sure. That's what comes from wanting to stay up for half the night, and then in the morning she's a sodden, snoring lump. I get on to the business of the day, and the first order of business is to get down to House of Chen Oriental Shipping Company and beard that Hunchback in his den.

I have the letter from Chopstick Charlie clasped in my hand as I enter. It was short and to the point:

Charles Chen

House of Chen

Rangoon, Burma

June 3, 1809

Miss Jacky Faber

Faber Shipping Worldwide

State Street, Boston, Massachusetts, USA

My dear Little Round-Eyed Barbarian, Greetings,

You were surprised to see my ship coming into your harbor unannounced? I hope you were-it has given Old Chops a great deal of pleasure imagining the look on your face when you saw the Golden Dragon pennant flying over my ship. I only wish I could have been there.

Surely, Ju kau-jing yi, you could not really expect that I should hand my entire East-West operation over to you, beloved as you are. No, there is too much money and future trade involved for that. I have had inquiries made into the nature of Faber Shipping Worldwide (and I do have to chuckle at the word "Worldwide" ... oh, you are such a proud little thing!). But do not worry, Number Two Daughter, I shall make sure that you will have a few crumbs thrown your way such that your little company might survive.

I have not yet been informed that you have made contact with your Mr. James Fletcher. A pity, that ... He did leave here quite some time ago. However, as my envoy, he did have some business to conduct on my behalf in New York. Perhaps he was held up there. For your sake, I hope not. But also remember, dear one, "There are many fish in the sea," and some of those fishes are handsome young men.

Sidrah sends her love, as do I.

Cheers,

Chops,

"I demand to see Mr. Tong!" I say, well steamed as I storm through the front door of what I now know to be the House of Chen Oriental Shipping Company.

There are boxes and boxes of goods being offloaded from the ship and opened, their contents placed on shelves for sale to the public, and that public is streaming in. The word has certainly gotten around and, yes, I, too, have seen the circulars posted on walls and poles, advertising the exotic goods. Damn! That commerce should have been mine!

A young man nods and goes through a door, and presently the Hunchback shuffles out, his head down, hair hanging in face, the eye with the black patch over it pointed in my direction. He stands behind a table laden with goods.

"Yes?" he rasps.

"Look, I know now you come from Chopstick Charlie out of Rangoon. He and I know each other. He sent you here to compete with me. That is his idea of a joke. That is fine. All's fair in love and war and business, and all that, but-good God, Ganju Thapa!"

I am startled, to say the least, when the massive Gurkha steps into the room, turban on head, inward-curved sword at his wide leather belt, big blooming white linen pants below. I gulp in fear, for I have caused, in the past, several lumps to be put on his head. He, however, does not seem to hold any grudges, and merely bows his head to me and grunts. I put the palms of my hands together and bow and then continue to speak to the Hunchback ...

"But what I really want to know is if you have any word whatsoever as to what has become of one James Emerson Fletcher, who was sent by me to Rangoon to be cured of madness and of whom I have not seen nor heard from since. What do you know? Speak up, man!"

"I am sorry, Miss," croaks the Hunchback, "but I was taken into Mr. Chen's employ only recently. I had heard of a Mr. Fletcher, who was dispatched to New York on Mr. Chen's business. More than that I do not know. If it was this Mr. Fletcher's intent to meet with you, I can only wonder why he has not yet done so."

I put my hand to my mouth and stifle a sob. "Intent, indeed ... I have no idea just what Jaimy Fletcher intends."

"I am sorry, Miss, but I must attend to my duties."

"Of course, Mr. Tong," I say in parting. "Thank you for your time. And if you hear anything of Mr. Fletcher ..."

"Of course, Miss. Good day to you."

Well, that did nothing for my spirits, weighed down as they were with thoughts of Ravi and Joannie languishing in durance vile, I can tell you, but when I got back to the Pig, they were somewhat restored, as I found Lieutenant Randall Trevelyne, USMC, ready to take me and Miss Polly Von on a tour of USS Chesapeake, sister ship to the mighty USS Constitution, and very close in design to my beloved HMS Dolphin, so it is sure to cheer me, and it does. Though all the old familiar sights do bring a nostalgic tear to my former ship's boy eye, it is grand to see all the rigging, running gear, sails, and guns, the brass polished and shining, all the lads dressed in their best. And it did not hurt Randall's reputation in the least to be seen parading about his ship to the wonder of all, with a laughing dolly-mop on each arm, no it did not.

But, eventually, the tour was over so we descended the gangplank to wend our way back to the Pig. We did, after all, have a premiere performance this early evening.

As we stroll along, we are forced to walk by Skivareen's, and a number of Pigger O'Toole's minions are slouching outside on benches, taking in the noonday sun. Pigger is in the center of them, with a tankard in his right hand and his left on Glory's thigh. Pyro Johnny is there, too, sitting crosslegged in the dirt, giggling and frying helpless ants with a magnifying glass.

I intend to pass by and say nothing, but Pigger doesn't allow it ...

"Now, look at this, will you," he says grandly. "Soldier boy here's got himself not one, but two Cheapside whores. I knows 'em both, Glory, from back in London. Little Mary Faber and, hello, Polly Von! You remember our days back in my kip on Paternoster, don't you now? Fine times we had, oh, yes we did. Now, that one on the left, that's Mary Faber-strip 'er down and she was naught but skin and bones, but still a bit of fun in her scrawny way-but that Polly Von without her knickers ... yes, yes ... how that little girl could dance ... It was a sight to see. Knew both of 'em before, during, and after they went into the Miss Bessie's whorehouse, I sure did."

I leap on Randall, pinning his arms to his side, trying to prevent him from pulling his sword and running it through Pigger. He's got it halfway out and his face is a mask of cold fury.

"Don't do it, Randall!" I shout in his ear. "If you kill him, they'll have you up on charges! You'll lose your commission over a fat pig! Polly! Help me hold him!"

She wraps her own arms around him as the swine on the benches roar with laughter. "Randall! Dearest! I have told you all about my life in London and it was the truth! What he is saying is all lies! I swear on my life!"

"That's right, Soldier Boy," says Pigger, rising. "You lay a hand on me and you'll be here in Boston, awaiting trial, while your fancy ship leaves without you. Come on, Glory, let's go inside where the company is a damn sight better."

He turns to spit in the dirt, close by Randall's boots.

"Enjoy your whore, Soldier Boy. Hope you don't catch nothin'. Heard she gave a bunch of fellers the clap back in Cheapside, so be careful."

Pigger's foul crew files into Skivareen's, and I notice that a smirking Wiggins has appeared and is the last to enter, no doubt to collect his graft.

I still cling to Randall, who is beside himself with fury.

"Let me go," he snarls. "I'm going in there."

"No, you are not. You see that fat bastard that just went in? That is the Law around here, and it would be you going to jail, not Pigger. Please, Randall, give me two days and I will handle this. If I don't succeed, we'll both go in there with blades drawn, I swear it! Me and you, comrades-in-arms, on the battlefield of Jena-Auerstadt again! We will get him! I promise!"

His breathing slows down and he is calmer.

"Two days. That's it," he vows, and I believe him.

"Good, Randall. Now let's get back to the Pig. Polly, we've got a show to put on."

When we get back, we go into full production mode, getting the Playhouse, In the Belly of the Bloodhound, and its cast of characters ready to go.

Chapter 36

THE BOSTON PATRIOT

July 29, 1809, City Edition

GOINGS ON ABOUT TOWN

by David Lawrence, Jr.

NEW PLAY OPENS AT EMERALD PLAYHOUSE

In the Belly of the Bloodhound, a play in three acts by Miss Amy Wemple Trevelyne, had its premiere performance last night at the Emerald Playhouse on State Street and your humble correspondent was in attendance and I must say I enjoyed myself hugely.

The production was well staged and professionally directed and performed. Very inventive lighting, using the natural light from judiciously draped overhead windows, facilitated the smooth changing of scenes, and ingenious stagecraft gave the impression that one was actually on a ship rolling on the high seas.

Without giving away too much of the plot, suffice it to say it concerns the actual abduction of some thirty young women from one of our most prestigious local schools by dastardly White Slavers with the intent of selling them to the fleshpots of Arabia, and their heroic efforts to save themselves from that awful fate. There are thrills, narrow escapes, thrilling swordplay, and yes, a good deal of humor and wit. It is further worthy of note that many of the girls who were actually on that fateful voyage play the part of themselves in this production.

I must point out for special mention, the three principal actresses, Miss Polly Von as Dolley, and Misses Jacky Faber and Clarissa Worthington Howe, who played themselves. Also worthy of note is Mr. Solomon Freeman, a Negro, who gave a magnificent performance as the villainous black slaver Sin-Kay.

Equally satisfying were the choral numbers the girls performed as a group. Especially moving was Mozart's "Sanctus," sung when the girls' spirits were at their lowest point. It certainly raised your correspondent's spirits.

At the conclusion, as bows were taken, the audience rose as one in a standing ovation and demanded, "Author! Author!" and Miss Trevelyne did stand and modestly accept the plaudits.

Performances are daily, except Sunday, at Six O'clock. A full bar is provided at Intermission. Tickets are reasonably priced and available at the box office. The theme of the play is adult in nature, so best leave the children at home. Furthermore, it is rumored that various religious groups plan to picket the theater, due to the content of the play and the somewhat skimpy costumes worn by the young ladies for reasons of verisimilitude and faithfulness to the conditions of the actual voyage, but trouble is not expected.

All in all, a most enjoyable evening. Highly Recommended.

DL

Chapter 37

"Ha!" I exult, passing the paper over to Clarissa. "We are a hit!"

We are at breakfast-a rather late breakfast, considering all the celebrating we did last night after the last curtain fell-and I lean back in satisfaction. If that line about "rather skimpy costumes" doesn't pack 'em in, then I don't know the nature of the populace; but I think I do.

She quickly scans the article, then drawls, "I'll have to get a copy of that off to Daddy, forthwith. Ah hope it will improve his digestion. Ah am sure it will increase his consumption of our local bourbon."

She lanquidly tosses the newspaper back on the table, drinks down the last of her tea, rises, and leaves me to my thoughts.

How did we handle Clarissa's final slaver-distracting striptease on the deck of the Bloodhound in the last act, here in still very Puritan Boston? Oh, with very clever lighting and a skin-colored body sheath. I must say that scene went over very well. There was a common sucking-in of male breath heard throughout the theater on that one.

But, oh, how I loved it all, every bit! The songs, the dialogue, the back-and-forth between Clarissa and me, even the whipping scene. But what I especially loved was the end, when I lay face-down upon the set's balcony, the last scene on the Juno after our rescue, a beam of light upon me, speaking directly to the audience ...

"I know there will be many accounts of our adventure-tales of fortitude, of suffering, of privation, and of bravery-but I also know that there will be other stories, tales left untold, that will be better left in the dark, dank, and now forever silent belly of the Bloodhound ..."

The light that was trained on me dimmed to darkness and I jumped up to join the others backstage. The light came up again and illuminated the empty hold of the Bloodhound, the girls' small white washrags hung from the overhead, gently waving back and forth. Then, with a crash of cymbals, the chorus roars out "The Hallelujah Chorus," and the girls pour out of the under-stage doors to take their bows, all of them radiant with joy. The audience explodes as the rest of the cast come out: Solomon Freeman and Enoch Lightner and all the rest. Then, at the end, Polly, Clarissa, and I burst out hand in hand, with me in the middle, to curtsy and take our own bows.

Oh, Glory, how I loved it, the applause washing over me in waves, the shouts of "Hurrah! Hurrah!" I wanted the moment to last forever!

As I have a second cup of tea and yet another of Jemimah's fine cakes, I pore over the glowing review once again. Ah, yes, I do love basking in praise! My only regret is that poor Joannie is still in that awful place and unable to perform her part as her dear friend Rebecca Adams. Oh, well, Joannie, your time will come. The hearing is scheduled for the day after tomorrow and Attorney Pickering pronounces himself both ready and optimistic. I, too, am ready ...

Presently a young man enters the room, bearing a box under his arm. I recognize him as one of the apprentices employed at Fyffe's Furniture and Carpentry down on Milk Street. "Pardon, Miss," he says, "but this is from Mr. Fyffe with his compliments."

I had seen Ephraim Fyffe, Master Furniture Maker and Woodworker, at the play last night and asked him to provide me with such a box. "Plain, simple wood, Ephraim, unfinished, about twelve by sixteen, eight inches deep." He replied that he had just the box in his shop and would send it over first thing in the morning. He was there with his wife, my very good friend and one-time fellow serving girl, Betsey, on his arm. Her sister, Annie, another dear friend and fellow Bloodhound survivor, was a member of the play's cast, and her husband, my Dolphin brother, Davy Jones, was also present, fair bursting with pride at seeing his beloved Annie bravely portraying her equally brave Bloodhound self on the stage.

"Thank you, lad," I say. "Put it on the table here and go refresh yourself at the bar. You will find the cakes quite good. Give my thanks to Mr. Fyffe when you get back to the shop."

The boy goes gratefully to the spread on top of the bar, thankful for an unlooked-for treat, while I examine the box.

It is simple, yes. Crude, no. It is made of fine-grained pumpkin pine, dovetailed at each joint, very light for its size but sturdy, and sanded to a light sheen. The top fits snug, but lifts off easily, and the interior is filled with aromatic cedar shavings. I stick my nose in and breathe deeply-Ahhhh, yes ... Won't this be a dainty thing to set before a King! Or in this case, a Governor ... and it will not contain four-and-twenty blackbirds, oh, no ... It will be just one simple gift ...

Rising, I call out, "Molly! Be so good as to run down to the Nancy B. and have Jim Tanner hitch up Old Dobbin to our buckboard and bring it up here. Oh, and have it loaded with some shipping crates from our storeroom-it doesn't matter what, just make sure Faber Shipping is stenciled plain on the outside of them. Thanks!"

As she leaves on her errand, I head upstairs to my rooms. Once there, I take out watercolors and white paper and make a simple label:

To Governor Christopher Gore

State House, Boston, Massachusetts

with compliments from

Faber Shipping Worldwide

State Street, Boston

That accomplished, I take my glue pot and affix the label to the top of the box and begin work on another label. This one, vertical in nature, with a border of grape leaves all around:

Lavender Blue

An Ambrosial Mixture of

Fine Herbs and Liquors

__________________

Bottled on the Estate of

Carnegie Bros. LTD,

Glasgow, Scotland

Exclusive Purveyors to

His Majesty, King George III

I don't think Georgie would mind awfully much my using his name in this way, having met him once and having found him a most agreeable sort of fellow, in spite of his being King of England, and all.

That done and blotted dry, I cut it out and put glue to the back and slap it on the front of one of my Extra Special bottles. It looks good there, I decide, and then I take a red candle, light it, and drip the wax all about the neck of the bottle till it forms a right colorful and elegant cap. Then I place the bottle into the box, cradled in its nest of fragrant cedar curls.

The top is brought down and tapped into place with the small nails so well provided by Ephraim Fyffe. All is in readiness.

I go back downstairs with box under arm and find that Molly has returned with Jim Tanner, Old Dobbin, and the loaded buckboard.

"Here, Jimmy, tuck this box back there between those two crates. That's it. Molly, go get a broom." Mystified, the girl ducks back in the Pig to get one. "All right, now back up on the seat with you both."

When they are again seated, I place the business end of the broom next to Molly's hip with the stick placed through the crates such that its end rests against the back of my special box.

"Now, Molly, take the wagon back to the Nancy B., which will cause you to go by Skivareen's. When you go past their door, push back on the broom, which will cause the box to tumble out. There's plenty of bumps in the road there, so it won't look suspicious. Maybe it would be best if you were singing a lusty song to show your attention was elsewhere. Got it? Good. Now go."

The buckboard, with Faber Shipping Worldwide proudly painted on its side, rattles on off and I go back into the Pig to await their report.

They are back inside a half hour with smiles on their faces.

"It went off without a hitch, Skipper," says Jim Tanner. "Molly here give it the old heave-ho when we passed the doorway and over it went. There were a few of the scum hangin' about outside when we went by ..."

"But there weren't none standin' about when we came back after unloadin' the other crates," crowed Molly Malone. "And the box was nowhere to be seen. Nay, Jacky, the box is surely inside Skivareen's."

I allow myself a deep chuckle of low, evil, and vindictive satisfaction.

Heh, heh, heh ... Call me a Cheapside whore, will you, Pigger?

Chapter 38

J. E. Fletcher

Representative, House of Chen

Boston, Massachusetts, USA

Journal Entry, July 29, 1809

Against all good sense, of which I admit I have very little, I have decided to give her one more chance.

I know I am setting myself up for another fall, but I cannot help it, for I saw the play In the Belly of the Bloodhound last night and it fairly tore my heart out. Oh, yes, the privations suffered by those poor girls were enough to bring a tear to the most hardened eye, but that was not what struck me to the core.

It was the scene in which she was recounting her past adventures on the Wolverine to help her classmates pass the long nighttime hours in that foul hold, and she spoke to the audience, but she seemed to speak directly to me.

"I reached out an arm and pulled him in by his collar and closed the door and threw the latch and we both fell toward the bed, and I said, 'Fill your eyes with me, Jaimy, and then kiss me. And kiss me hard and long for it may be for the last time!'

"And he does, oh yes, he does."

That scene elicited many a gasp and sigh from the female members of the audience, but it almost unmanned me. It was then that I resolved to give it one more try. After the performance, I went back to my rooms and penned the following letter:

James Emerson Fletcher

Boston, Massachusetts

Jacky Faber

The Pig and Whistle Inn

Boston, Massachusetts

Dear Miss Faber,

Yes, Jacky, I have been in Boston for quite some time now, incognito as it were, for reasons that will become apparent to you. The following letter, which I penned to you upon my arrival, and which I intended to convey to you upon the day of my departure, will explain all.

Dear Jacky,

This will be the last letter I shall send to you. I shall conduct the business I must accomplish here in Boston, and then I shall be out of your life forever.

The reason for my change of heart will soon become clear to you. It goes like this:

Having taken lodging at the headquarters building of Faber Shipping, I went out into the town to secure a place of business for my patron, and, having found a suitable space on State Street, I put down money, signed the necessary lease papers, and went to the Pig and Whistle for what promised to be an excellent lunch.

Feeling in high spirits on a very fine day, I hobbled back to my lodging, soaking up the old familiar sights and looking out over the harbor in hopes of spying the returning Nancy B., but, alas, that was not to be, and more is the pity-for if I had spotted you down at the docks, all this would not have happened.

As it were, I climbed the stairs to my rooms and was about to enter when I noticed that the door to your studio was ajar, probably left that way by a cleaning woman. Thinking you would not mind, since we soon would be sharing all things in our lives, I went in to look about.

It was a very pleasing, light-filled space, and I can see why you chose it for your workspace. Wandering about, I spied a very nice portrait in progress of a ship's captain, a large sign laid out proclaiming Wilson Bros. Ships' Chandlers, and some drawings, which I took to be student work arranged about on wooden easels. Then I spied a leather tube, which looked a lot like a nautical map case.

Thinking that it might be a chart of your recent travels, which I would find most interesting, I took off the cap.

Indeed, I did find the contents most interesting ...

It was neither a chart nor a map. No, it was nothing more than the end of all my hopes that you and I might share a life together. How much, just how much, Jacky, can one man take, even a man such as I, who in the past has overlooked and forgiven some of your more outrageous transgressions?

I spread the canvas out on the workbench and it lay there, glowing in the afternoon light pouring through the tall windows. Beneath the reclining nude figure of the girl are these words, La Maja Virginal. Con todo mi amor. Amadeo Romero, 1808.

I do not have much fluency in the Spanish language, but it does not take much to figure out that Con todo mi amor means "With all my love."

I stood there and steamed in inchoate rage. Yes, I can well imagine what "all my love" meant in this case-all of you, from top to bottom, given up to this damned Amadeo Romero and, yes, to Joseph Jared and Richard Allen and all the rest of your mob of male "friends" whom you have successfully explained away in the past. Oh, yes, you have a glib tongue, Jacky, but I don't believe it will be able to explain away this one-and no telling where that lying tongue has been.

I slammed my rod down hard on the bench top, the green-eyed Monster of Jealousy in full possession of me. No, Master Kwai Chang, I cannot follow your teachings, I cannot let go of this thing that tears at my mind. I cannot. I am not a worthy student, I know that now. I know that I am merely a beast, driven by my passions, by my rage, and I shall remain forever so. I am sorry, Master, but that is the way of it.

I compliment this Senor Romero on his skill-the resemblance is striking, for it is definitely you lying there, Jacky, mocking me with your smile, no doubt about it. If I had ever once thought that I would rejoice in once again seeing you in your natural state with your Brotherhood tattoo proudly on your hipbone, I was dead wrong.

A great sadness fell over me. I rolled up the painting and put it back in its case. I retreated to my now unhappy room to pen this letter. I will drop it at the Pig and Whistle the day I leave Boston, after I have completed my business here.

I now put you out of my mind, Jacky. Only bitterness remains ...

In sorrow,

James Fletcher

I had fully intended to leave you and this town forever upon the arrival of Mr. Chen's ship, but I have decided to give you a chance to explain some things so that we might again be reconciled.

With that in mind, I suggest a meeting at the corner of State Street and Cornhull at eleven o'clock on Wednesday. Should this not prove a good time for you, I can be contacted at House of Chen Shipping.

Thank you for your consideration of my request,

Your Humble and Obedient Servant,

James Fletcher

After making up a packet of these letters and stuffing them into an envelope labeled "To Miss Jacky Faber, Pig and Whistle Inn," I took myself up to that establishment for lunch, and after having eaten, I placed it on a shelf where I knew her employees stacked her correspondence for her later perusal, as I have watched her take the daily mail and read it while she sipped an afternoon glass of wine and prepared for the evening activities.

There was no one there except for Molly Malone, who was in the kitchen cleaning up, and Clarissa Howe, who never pays me any attention, anyway, so I quietly leaned my envelope up against the other mail on the shelf. Then I made my way back to my rooms.

Either way, Jacky, this is it for good and ever ...

Chapter 39

Ezra Pickering comes into the Pig and Whistle for dinner and he is not wearing his usual small smile. No, today his face wears an unabashed wide smile.

"I have news, Miss Faber," he announces, fairly chortling. "Wonderful news!"

"Well, sit yourself down, Mr. Pickering, and have some good strong coffee and fine pancakes and sausages," I say, "and tell me all about it."

Molly brings over a cup and plate, and he tucks into his food and gleefully swings into his account of an incident that occurred earlier today.

"Captain Percy Tooley, aka Pigger O'Toole, was found on the street in front of the revered Old South Church, with his consort Gloria Wholey, both stark nak*d and making, if you will forgive both me and Will Shakespeare, the Beast with Two Backs! The prayer meeting had just let out and the pious congregation was treated to a very unusual spectacle on their very front steps!"

Ezra is unable to go on and takes a few moments to collect himself. I, too, am beginning to be convulsed with laughter.

"The rough cobblestones did not seem to be bothering Miss Glory's back overmuch, as she seemed to be enjoying herself immensely, as was her consort. There were shouts of 'An abomination!' and 'Like the very beasts of the field!' from the churchgoers. Some onlookers felt their lewd display gave the actual beasts of the fields a bad name, considering this display was much more disgusting than any instance of normal and natural animal husbandry!"

I have to put down my cup and cover my face to prevent coffee from snorting out my nostrils. "Please, Ezra, mercy, please!"

But he goes on, relentless.

"And then the constabulary was called and the two lovers were forcibly ... uncoupled ... which did not improve either of their dispositions. Pigger protested mightily that he was within his rights as a Purple Dragon of the First Level of Aragon to plant his purple seed any goddamn wherever and whenever he wanted to and they could all go piss off. Glory, herself, echoed his sentiments most vociferously, bellowing, "Have a look at this, you blue-nosed buggers!" Then she bent over and presented her bum to the retreating remnants of the Old South's faithful congregants. She then broke wind in a very loud and resounding fashion, causing her buttocks to flap and shake in an alarming fashion, and causing several of the churchgoers to faint dead away."

I am reduced to whimpering, unable to talk.

"Eventually, of course," Ezra continues, "the gala proceedings had to end and Pigger and Glory were hauled out to suffer confinement. Pigger they have tossed into the Lunatic Asylum for Men, having been diagnosed by doctors as Permanently Insane, despite all of Pigger's vigorous protests to the contrary. His allusions to Fellow Brave Knights of the Purple Riding Fire-Breathing Dragons did not help his case. Glory was confined to the Boston Asylum for Females similarly diagnosed. It took five burly deputies to do it, but they finally got her into a cell and wrapped into a strait-jacket, where it is expected she will pass a more calm and quiet evening."

I recover myself and manage to wipe my face of coffee, pancake, syrup, sausage, and tears of laughter. I only hope, Joannie, that they give Glory your old job.

As I calm down, the recount turns a bit more serious.

"Whatever Pigger and Glory got into," says Ezra, cutting a glance at me sitting there with innocent eyes, "they were generous and gave a nip of whatever it was to their pet lunatic, Pyro Johnny, for he was later caught red-handed trying to set fire to the courthouse and was arrested, laughing and babbling, and making very little sense. He was, however, coherent enough to gleefully confess to setting a great number of fires about the town-one of which resulted in the deaths of two old people who were too infirm to escape the flames and choking smoke."

"Those poor people," I whisper, no longer laughing.

"Yes," says Ezra, rising. "But he will pay for that. And, on the good side, the troublesome reign of terror of the Free Men's Fire and Insurance Company, Percy Tooley, Captain, is now over. There remains only the Shamrock Hose, Ladder and Pump Company, and Captain Warren's Sons of Boston Firehouse. Actually, McBride and his boys are right now roaring through Skivareen's, clearing out the rabble, beating the deadbeats, and pounding them back in to the Faber Shipping line. Without their leader and his man, Wiggins, they are helpless and must suffer to see the Shamrock sign nailed to their door ... as well as pay their indentures."

Ah, Wiggins ... we still have to deal with him, don't we?

"And Miss Amy?" I ask, before Ezra can get out the door. "I believe she enjoyed the production of her play?"

Ezra looks down as he puts his hat back on. "Ah, yes, she did enjoy that ... and she wishes you success ... but she did take accommodations at Cole's Tavern."

"Ah," is all I say to that. "Thank you for your information. I hope we are ready for the hearing tomorrow?"

"We are, Miss. I am sure we will be successful."

"Thank you, Ezra. Tomorrow at one o'clock at the courthouse, then."

Ezra bows and leaves and I heave a great sigh, wondering just how well things will go at the courthouse tomorrow.

Oh, well, we shall see ... Tend to business now, girl. There is the stack of mail to consider.

I take down the envelopes from the shelf and begin to go through them ... a bill ... another bill ... an invitation to a Meeting of Concerned Citizens-concerned about me, probably-a solicitation for money for a political group ... and then, there's this ...

A plain envelope addressed simply to me, Miss Jacky Faber, Pig and Whistle Inn. I tear it open and find nothing inside except a simple circular advertising the sale of goods down at the House of Chen storerooms. Huh! As if I need reminding of that.

I toss that and most of the others into the trash and get on with my day.

Tomorrow, the hearing ...

Chapter 40

The day dawns cloudy and gray and I am not at all optimistic. I get up and climb into my black Lawson Peabody School dress, figuring it my most somber gear and appropriate for a hearing in which I will be judged as a fit or, more likely, unfit mother for Ravi Ganesh Faber and unfit guardian of Joan Nichols. It does not take much of a kick to get Clarissa out of my bed this morning as she seems to be in an excellent mood, and she wakes up laughing and singing. She even plants a kiss on my forehead as she bounces out of bed. Probably from all the attention she has been receiving for her performances in the play. Well, good for her. I wish her the joy of it.

It is all to convene at one thirty in the afternoon and I must make preparations. Although Ezra had offered to pick me up in his coach, I demurred, preferring to walk the short distance to the courthouse to clear my head and make ready ... for the court and other things ...

Just before noon, after putting Faber Shipping's affairs in as good an order as I can, I head off for the court, and no, I do not dress to impress, nor for elegance, nor to please ... No, at this time, I am just a poor washerwoman intent on her simple duties. I hobble up the street, all bowlegged and bent over, as if from a lifetime of grinding-hard work, cloak on my back, with its hood over my head and face. As I approach the courthouse, it occurs to me that I must resemble that poor Hunchback in some ways, and I grimace at that as I toil along.

When I reach the building, I do not go in the front door, oh no. Instead, I seek out the servants' entrance at the back. Once inside, I shuffle down the halls till I find the one that houses Judge Thwackham's chambers. There, I busy myself in sweeping the floor and pushing the dust into my little dustpan. If a gent goes by, I say, "Pardon, Guv'nor, just old Gertie sweepin' up, she is, don't mind her ..." and they don't even notice me, as I am beneath their notice.

I keep my ear to the door that leads to the courtroom and I hear the Judge holding court in his usual blustering way, condemning this poor fellow for something minor, and another poor cove for something even more petty, with Constable Wiggins dragging the poor fellows up to the bar to receive judgment, and judgment they certainly get ... "Forty dollars or forty days, by God! Take him away!" "What's this? Why, that is an offense against nature and good order! Six months on the rock pile for him, and he's lucky I don't have him hanged as an example! Next!"

There is a pause in the action and I see the Judge's servant come down the hall bearing his tray and heading for Thwackham's chambers. I peek in and see that he places the tray on the table as before-good man!-then he retreats.

I look about and seeing no one, creep into the room. I waste no time in drawing out and uncorking the small bottle of Jacky's Little Helper Number Two that I had hidden 'neath my shawl, and pouring the contents into Judge Thwackham's teapot. I hope it is enough-too much would flavor and cool the tea, too little would not have the desired effect.

I beat a hasty retreat, and none too soon, for the Judge comes rushing down the hall, intent on his lunch. I am sure he did not notice a poor cleaning woman scurrying around the corner.

That accomplished, I throw back the hood of my cloak, lean broom and dustpan against the wall, and drop the empty bottle into a waste can. Then I draw a deep breath, fluff up my hair, and enter the courtroom proper. I spy Ezra Pickering seated at a table down in front, and go to seat myself beside him.

"Busy, Miss?" he asks, with his usual sweet smile in place.

"A bit, Ezra, but all is in place as far as I can manage it."

He gives me a quizzical look but does not press the issue. I look about the room with its tall windows and high podium and lower jury box and galleries, all made of dark wood and highly polished. The place is full of men bustling about in black robes and white wigs, carrying papers and speaking in hushed tones. I spot Mrs. Shinn over there; and Wiggins, of course, is waddling about, full of self-importance. As I came in, he cast me a menacing glance, and I am sure that in the lower recesses of his dim little mind he suspects I had a lot to do with the downfall of his friend and protector Pigger O'Toole. For once he is correct.

I also see Mistress Pimm seated in the gallery. She does not look at me, and for that I am grateful, as I do not have to meet her eye. I bet you'd sure like to take back my Lady Certificate now, wouldn't you, Mistress? I think with a guilty grimace. I notice Molly Malone in the crowd also, and Higgins, as well. I give him a nod and he gives me one back. I always feel better when Higgins is around. And I am further pleased to see Amy in the crowd. Well, sort of pleased. I realize she probably just wants to watch Ezra perform ... or else gather more grist for her Jacky Faber mill. I do not expect her to be very kind to me in her future writings, and I can well imagine the title of her next book: The Rise and Fall of Jacky Faber-from her early days as a thief on the mean streets of London, to her last days as a penitent on her knees in a convent, praying for forgiveness for her wanton ways and misspent life.

My musings are interrupted when a short, pudgy man stands and proclaims, "All rise, the Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts is now in session! Judge Hiram Thwackham presiding!"

The Judge comes back into the room, looking not at all happy, but that is not out of the ordinary, as I recall. I look for signs on his face that might signal the success of my venture, but can see none. He looks just as mean and cantankerous as ever.

He sits himself in his high seat, picks up his gavel, gives it a few loud raps, and grumbles, "Well, what sort of aggravation is up for today to ruin a poor man's digestion?"

Up pops one of the black-clad crew, a tall, thin bloke with a nose like an eagle's beak, who announces, "A hearing to determine if one Jacky Faber, defendant, is a suitable guardian for the child Joan Nichols, and a fit mother for the child Ravi Ganesh Faber. The charges are being brought by Mrs. Hester Chumbley Shinn."

I recognize that bloke as Prosecutor Attorney Hamilton Brown, the man who tried his best to have me whipped when I last was in this courtroom, a scared kid in a strange land, down on my knees right over there, crying out my despair at being charged with Lewd and Lascivious Conduct. I guess I really haven't come that far after all, I think with a heavy sigh, from convicted felon to unfit mother ...

"All right," says the Judge, "let's get this over and done with. Where are these wretched children?"

Attorney Brown signals to the bailiff at the side door. The man opens it, pulls out Joannie and Ravi, and takes them to the center of the courtroom.

I take one look at the bedraggled pair and leap to my feet. "This is an outrage! That girl was clean and that boy was unbeaten when they were taken forcefully from my care! Look at them now! They are brought here like that to cast discredit upon me! It is the State of Massachusetts that is to blame here, not me! There is the evidence before you," I thunder, pointing a stiff finger at the kids, "of merely one week's worth of the State's tender care!" A murmur of sympathy is heard running through the crowd as they gaze upon the condition of the two children.

Joannie is dressed in the same stained asylum shift that I last saw her in. Her hair is filthy and hangs lankly about her dirt-streaked face. She is in a sorry state, but she does not bow her head. Instead she casts a look of supreme contempt all around. It is undeniably the Lawson Peabody Look, make no mistake about that. Good girl! They did not break your spirit in that awful place!

Ravi makes a move in my direction when he sees me, but is restrained by the bailiff. He, too, is dirty, but in addition, there are cruel marks of abuse on his face-a large purple bruise, an eye swollen shut.

"It is not your place to object, Miss Faber," says Prosecutor Brown, looking down his long nose at me. "Sit down. We have proper procedures here and we will follow them. You will get your chance to testify in this matter." He pauses, then says, "I call to the stand Mrs. Hester Chumbley Shinn."

Mrs. Shinn gathers herself up and advances to the witness chair. She states her name and address and is sworn in. She sits, adjusting her skirts and looking over at me with complete disdain.

"Perhaps you will tell us why, Mrs. Shinn, you have instituted these proceedings?"

That's about the last civil thing that is said this day.

"Because that slut has no right to those children," she shouts, pointing a finger at me. I start to rise in anger, but Ezra puts a hand on my shoulder and holds me down. "She runs a low tavern and a bawdy house that puts on dirty plays that appeal to none but the lowest of our society-drunkards, whores, and ..." Here she puffs up and exclaims, "... and Irish!"

That gets a rumble out of the gallery, half of whom I know have been to the Emerald Playhouse and half of whom are of Irish descent, if not from Ireland itself.

"Do you have any further evidence of the unsuitability of Miss Faber to act as guardian to these children?" purrs Hamilton Brown, knowing full well that she does.

"Yes," she says firmly. "While conducting a peaceful march with my fellow members of the Committee on Women's Suffrage down State Street a few weeks ago-a march that she disrupted, by the way-I noticed, and many of my ladies noticed, that as we passed the low dive known as the Pig and Whistle, the two children were up in the balcony overhanging the street, drinking glasses of demon rum!"

I struggle to stifle myself, but Ezra says, "Wait, Jacky, just wait."

"Very well, Mrs. Shinn. Do you have any questions of this witness, Counselor?"

Ezra gets to his feet and approaches Mrs. Shinn. As he does so, I examine the Judge for any signs of change in his demeanor. Alas, no. Maybe he didn't drink it ... Maybe he found it too bitter, too musky ... Maybe the potion needs the addition of the brandy to work, maybe ...

"Mrs. Shinn, how can you be sure that what you saw the children drinking was, indeed, rum? Could it also have been whiskey? Rye? Bourbon?"

"It doesn't matter, they are all of the same vile color," says Mrs. Shinn, with a sniff. "It's all the same, whatever-alcohol, the drink that is destroying this town."

"And as to that, Mrs. Shinn, do you not head an organization that is dedicated to banning alcohol in our fair city?"

"Indeed I do. The Committee on Women's Suffrage."

"Suffrage ... votes for women, you mean?"

"Yes, that."

"But what does that have to do with alcohol?"

"Women suffer in many ways, Sir," says Mrs. Shinn, regarding Mr. Pickering as if he were a toad. "Demon rum contributes to all their forms of suffering-drunken fathers who do not come home with their pay envelopes ... children who do not eat because their fathers have drunk up all their money and lie in the gutter, young mothers beaten and left destitute, babes in their arms crying out for milk ..."

"Ah, yes, all that," says Ezra, turning from her and strolling about the floor with his hands behind his back. "Now, you did mention that Miss Faber did, at the time of your first meeting, disrupt a march of your ... COWS. Do I have that right?"

"Yes," she replies testily.

"And just how did she disrupt the grand march of the COWS?"

There are some titters from the gallery.

Mrs. Shinn casts him a very sharp look. She puffs up, reddening, then says, "By making mooing sounds."

Then, from the back of the gallery is heard a soft moooo ... then another ... mooooo ...

And then another, from a surprising source. All heads turn and gaze up at the bench. That last mooo came from Judge Hiram Thwackham. He is looking very intently at his gavel, as if it had turned a vivid shade of what ...? Purple, perhaps? A sly grin creeps across his face ... and one spreads across mine as well.

Ah-ha ...

He lets out yet another low mooooo and then says, "How now, Purple Cow? How doth thee do? Shall we dance and fly over the moon? And where is the dish and the spoon, pray tell?"

He then notices the stares directed his way and shakes his head to clear it, setting up undulating waves in his ample wattles.

"Ahem!" he says. "Excuse me. Please continue."

"No more questions, Mrs. Shinn," says Ezra, looking a bit puzzled. "You may step down."

Mrs. Shinn does so, in a great huff, welcomed back to the gallery with a few more mooos. I am sure there are not three men here in this great room who wish to see Mrs. Shinn and her COWS succeed in their quest to close the taverns.

When Ezra gets back to our table, I whisper, "Better get things moving, Ezra, as things are going to get strange."

He looks puzzled but nods. "I call Miss Molly Malone to the stand."

Molly is sworn and plunks herself down and testifies ...

"I am a barmaid at the Pig and Whistle Inn ..." She gets a small cheer on that from some wag way in the back. "I swears on that there Bible and on the grave of me sainted mother that what I served those kids on that day was nothin' more than sweet tea!"

Then Ezra calls up Mistress Pimm.

"Miranda Pimm, Head Mistress, the Lawson Peabody School for Young Girls, Beacon Street, Boston," she says upon being sworn in.

"You have agreed to assume the guardianship of this Joan Nichols?"

"Yes, until she reaches her majority. Ample funds have been provided by Faber Shipping for her tuition and upkeep till that time."

"Your witness, Mr. Brown," says Ezra, and he steps back to our table as the Prosecutor comes forward.

"Mistress Pimm, you do not have any reservations in accepting money from Miss Faber in this matter, considering her reputation?"

"None whatsoever," replies Mistress, drilling the lawyer with her steeliest gaze. "I am proud of all my girls. I have been to the Emerald Playhouse and have seen the In the Belly of the Bloodhound play and found it most commendable. I am proud of my former students: Amy Trevelyne for having written it and Jacky Faber for staging it. I am proud of those of my girls who are performing in it. I am proud of all my girls."

That put the lid on that. It brought a tear to my eye, and I suspect one to Amy Trevelyne's, as well.

It sums up things for Judge Thwackham, too. He brings down his gavel and roars, "The girl is remanded into the custody of Mistress Pimm! Now let's take care of that black boy over there, and then let's get the hell out of here. There looks to be a beautiful purple sunset out there and I want to bask in it!" With that he pulls off his wig and tosses it at Mr. Hamilton Brown with a hearty, "Haw! Haw! Catch that, Counselor! You can use it to powder your bum!"

That speech and toss gets a lot of surreptitious, questioning glances between members of the court. Can it be that the Old Bull has finally lost his mind? He certainly seems to be casting his eyes about most avidly.

Well, Joannie, at least we got you out, I'm thinking as Joannie is hauled out by the bailiff, leaving Ravi standing all alone in the middle of the room. Now for you, Ravi ...

Prosecutor Brown pushes doggedly on.

"I call Jacky Faber to the stand." I did not fail to notice the lack of the Miss before my name.

I rise, am sworn, and the oft-despised Faber bottom is placed in the witness chair, where it settles in and waits for the attack. It comes ...

"In regards to this child, Ravi Ganesh Faber, just how did you come by him?"

"In India ... Bombay ... He was a street beggar whom I took in."

"Why did you do that?"

"He seemed a bright young lad. He intrigued me with his intelligence and bravery. I myself had been a beggar on the streets of London and knew the territory, as it were."

"So you very conveniently picked yourself up a slave?"

"He is not my slave, and never has been. He is my adopted son, and I have great affection for him."

"Ah. And have you filed formal adoption papers for him?"

"No, I have not."

"And why not, if you have such regard for that rather dark little Hottentot?" he asks with a sneer.

"You know very well why not, Sir," I say, lifting my burning eyes to his. "As a single female without male relatives, I am in control of all my properties. I own Faber Shipping Worldwide, the Pig and Whistle Inn, the Emerald Playhouse, several ships, and many boats. On the advice of counsel, should I legally adopt a son, then he would have control of all my assets, he being male and me being a stupid woman. Although that 'dark little Hottentot' is extremely intelligent, I do not think he is yet ready to take on that burden."

That speech gets a few guffaws and cries of "Well said!" from the gallery, which are quickly silenced by Judge Thwackham's mighty pounding of his gavel. I had noticed, during this exchange, that the Judge had been seen swatting at flies and muttering, "Bluebottle flies! How the hell did they get in here? Scat, you purple devils, away with you!" Apparently, they are brightly colored flies that no one else can see.

The Judge rises in full magisterial mode. "Boring! This is all so very goddamn boring! I shall surely die of terminal ennui if this is to go on much longer!" shouts Judge Thwackham, relentlessly pounding his gavel. "Let us settle this now! Since that little brown bugger has not been adopted by any person of good character and white skin, and has been charged with littering the streets of Boston, I direct that he be returned to the Reformatory and may he spend the rest of his miserable life there! Take him away!"

Damn! Sometimes the magic works, and sometimes it doesn't!

Ezra shoots to his feet. "Your Honor, I object! There has been absolutely no evidence lodged against this boy on the littering charge!"

Mr. Hamilton Brown, looking very distraught at the proceedings, manages to say, "Constable Wiggins?"

Here Wiggins sees an opening, and he marches across the floor and levels an accusing finger at poor Ravi, who is kneeling quivering on the floor

"I observed this miscreant throwing those nasty shells upon the clean streets of Boston," says Wiggins, his face red with anger.

I suspect Wiggins had arrived at Skivareen's soon after Pigger and Glory popped open the bottle of my special brew and drank it down. He was able to put together what happened to them, the goose and gander who were no longer laying golden eggs for him, and what was presently happening to Judge Thwackham, and it all led, in his little brain, to me. Pity he wasn't given a share of the purple potion as Pyro Johnnie was-he just might not be here now, causing me trouble if he had. I have a vivid picture in my mind of he and Goody going at it on the courthouse steps, but, alas ...

"And furthermore, yer Honor, that there female, Jacky Faber, is the cause of much of the disruption in this town, and you yourself said that if she ever again appeared in your courtroom, the sentence you laid upon her would be carried out, and there she is!"

Judge Thwackham leans back, glares at me, and considers. Then he says, "Oh, very well, off with her head, then. Do you have an ax, Constable? Good. Then take her out and do it. The stump of the Old Gallows Tree should serve nicely as the chopping block." He rubs his hands fastidiously. "Make too much of a mess in here ... all that purple blood on the floor."

People are beginning to look at each other curiously. What was going on with Judge Thwackham?

Both Ravi and Ezra get to their feet to protest.

"No!" says Ravi, rushing to my side. "You must not cut off poor Memsahib's dear head! No!"

Ravi, coming from a part of the world where having one's head separated from one's shoulders is always a real possibility, completely misunderstands. He stands before me, arms outstretched before the approaching bailiff. I cry, "Ravi, no! That's not going to happen! Don't worry about me!" But as that officer of the court reaches for him, Ravi bites him hard on the arm. "Not hurt Mommy!" he cries, as the bailiff, cursing mightily, pries him off his arm and carries him, struggling, back to the center of the court.

"Ha! Look at that!" cries the Judge, pointing at Ravi. "The little wog is a cannibal, as well as a litterbug! See, he was trying to eat the Bailiff! Capitol stuff! Well, turnabout is fair play as I see it. Bailiff, take him out and tie him to the stake and fetch firewood. We'll roast the little bugger and have him for supper! He looks quite tender in many of his parts. Set aside a joint or two for me, well-done. Ha! The cannibal cannibalized, as it were, perfect justice by God!" Judge Thwackham fidgets about, peering underneath his bench. "And then bring a shotgun over here and kill these damned purple snakes that are crawling over my feet. Get back, damn you! Back!"

Ezra remains on his feet.

"Your Honor!" he shouts over the din. "The suspended sentence you imposed on this girl was not that she be beheaded, for God's sake."

"What's a poor Judge to do these days?" Judge Thwackham sighs. "Very well, take her out and hang her, then. I suppose we can still manage that simple task."

"I would further respectfully remind his Honor that this proceeding is a hearing, not a trial. Miss Faber has not been charged with any crime."

"I'm afraid that's true, Your Honor," says a very worried Prosecutor Hamilton Brown, looking about at the shambles his precious court is becoming. "I regret we cannot hang the girl right now."

"Pure anarchy is what it is when a decent Judge cannot string up whom he wants and when he wants. Pure anarchy and a sad state of affairs is what I call it," says Thwackham with a serious shaking of the jowls. "Very well. Constable, leave off. We'll settle with her later."

Wiggins, glowering in frustration, turns around and resumes his station next to the Bench.

The courtroom by now is completely abuzz with wonderment. Has the Mad Bull gone actually mad?

A group of five well-dressed men now approach the Bench, hats in hand.

"Yes, what is it?" asks the Judge testily.

"We ... we think the learned Judge might benefit from a rest in his chambers. It appears you are having a bit of a ... trying time?"

"'Trying time'? Nonsense. I am in top form. In the pink ... or the purple, as it were. Who are you?"

"Aldus Throckmorton, Your Honor, Alderman of the Third Ward, and your ardent supporter, Sir."

"Good," says the Judge. "Thank you for your opinion, Alderman, and for your support. I find you Guilty of Contempt of Court and sentence you to six months at hard labor." He brings down his gavel. "Bailiff, take him away. Next?"

The mouth of the prominent citizen, Alderman Throckmorton, falls open, his chin very nearly landing on his chest. He is led away, sputtering, by a bailiff, of which the Judge seems to have an inexhaustible supply.

The next man steps up and says nervously, "J ... J ... Jeremy Beacham, Your Honor, Publisher of the Boston Patriot, and I think ... perhaps ... a slight recess might be in order?"

"Capitol idea!" shouts Judge Thwackham, again bringing down his hammer. "For you, that is! Contempt of Court! Six months! Bailiff, take him away!"

The rest of the delegation fades swiftly away.

Stifling my giggles behind my hand, I notice the prominent journalist Mr. David Lawrence, of the Boston Patriot, gleefully scribbling, no doubt detailing the incarceration of his boss. Sometimes, Mr. Lawrence, life is definitely worth living.

I reflect that my old cell is now holding a better batch of citizens than when I was resident therein, as two more protesters of the Judge's behavior are led away. I further reflect that a Judge in his courtroom is much like the Captain of a ship-disobey either at your peril.

Judge Thwackham now thoughtfully regards his right-hand man, Attorney Brown, with his hand to his chin. "Did you know, Counselor," he says with distaste, "that your nose has begun to grow in a rather alarming way? Yes, now it has definitely become a muzzle, a rather long white snout with purple whiskers out the sides. It's remarkably like that of a baboon, Sir. What do you think of that?"

"I ... I hope that is not true, Your Honor," stammers Mr. Brown.

"Well, it is," says the Judge. "Turn around and pull down your trousers. We must see if you really are some sort of monkey."

The Bailiff has several assistants with clubs and they go about the chamber trying to keep some order in the court, but they are not being very successful. I myself cannot stifle a grin spreading across my face, a sight that is not missed by Constable Wiggins.

Attorney Hamilton Brown stands flummoxed, stuttering, and unable to speak.

"Well, do it man! We must examine your buttocks to be sure!" bellows Judge Thwackham. "Constable, do your duty and pull down his pants!"

Wiggins, never one to question an order given by a superior, strides over to the quivering Mr. Brown, bends the small man over his large knee, inserts thumb in the waistband of the pants in question, and pulls them down.

There is a common gasp in the courtroom, but no gasp is as loud as the one from the Judge. "There is the proof!" he shouts, puffed up and pointing a stiff finger at the poor Prosecutor's bottom. "Bright blue, as blue as the very sky! You, Sir, are a Blue-assed Baboon and you have no place in a court of Law! Bailiff! Take this monkey down and put him in a cell and arrange for his immediate transfer to the zoo!"

The Bailiff, another sod not used to disobeying orders, takes the unfortunate officer of the court by the arm and drags him from the room, Mr. Brown trying vainly to pull his pants back up.

Funny, I noticed that his rump was a rather gray shade of white, and not blue at all. Oh, well ...

But the Judge was not done this day yet, oh no, he was not ...

"Imagine that," he says, leaning back on his throne, "a dirty baboon posing as a court Prosecutor all these years, tsk, tsk."

I think back on all the Prosecutors and King's Counsels, and other such who have hounded me all my days, and reflect that honest baboons and other monkeys are possibly getting a bad name.

"Never mind," he says, brightening. "Now, Constable, if you will call Mrs. Shinn up to the Bench, please. And I believe we may conclude this day in a most pleasant fashion."

"Mrs. Hester Chumbley Shinn. To the Stand, please!"

Mrs. Shinn, looking somewhat perplexed by both the tumult in the courtroom and her recall to the Bench, goes to stand once again in front of Judge Thwackham. She catches my eye and I cannot resist giving her what I know is one of my infuriating little finger waves. I should be careful, I know, but sometimes I just can't help it.

The Judge beams down upon her, and I know her hopes for a ruling resulting in the destruction of me are once again rising in her breast, when Thwackham says ...

"Mrs. Shinn, I am sure you know you possess a wide bottom. Yes, it is quite wide and admirable, and you should be most proud of your lower appendage."

The mouth of Mrs. Hester Chumbley Shinn falls open in shock.

"However, what you perhaps do not know, dear lady, is that I, Judge Hiram Thwackham of the Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, have a great affection for female bottoms, wide and ample ones in particular."

The open mouth of Mrs. Shinn is mimicked by those of the now almost-quiet onlookers in the Gallery. This cannot be happening ... is the unspoken thought in the minds of all.

A thin, weedy gent stands up quivering. "I ... I ... must protest most vigorously. I am Amos Shinn and Mrs. Shinn is my wife!"

"The poor man" is heard whispered in all the galleries.

"This cannot be allowed to happen! This court is a ... a ... travesty!"

Thwackham turns to Wiggins. "Do you have a firearm on your person?"

"Yes, Your Honor," says Wiggins, reaching in his vest and pulling out a pistol.

"Good," the Judge says, nodding gravely. "Then shoot that man and dispose of him. We can't have angry husbands hanging about, now, can we?"

Mr. Shinn, upon seeing his apparent doom, faints dead away, slumping to the floor behind a bench, thereby saving Wiggins the trouble of dispatching him.

That small problem solved to his satisfaction, Judge Thwackham turns once again to the astounded Mrs. Shinn.

"Mrs. Shinn, while other gentlemen of my status prefer a small, shy, and lithe little female wriggling beneath them when betwixt the sheets, I demand a good, solid workbench, I do, and you Madame, fill the bill most admirably. Bailiff, you will now escort the lady to my chambers, where we will have a bit of a frolic!"

With that, he slams down his gavel and bellows, "The court is adjourned!" He gets up and exits through the door at the back.

The place erupts in total chaos.

In the midst of all this, Constable Wiggins comes toward me with great purpose writ on his red face, meaty hand outstretched in the direction of my neck, intending to take me outside and carry out the Judge's order, if not for a beheading, at least for a sound thrashing.

Ezra grabs my arm and says, "I don't know just what you did to cause what went on in there, but you must count your gains as regards Joannie Nichols, and know that your loss of Ravi will be dealt with. He will be all right till then. But for now, Jacky, let's get the hell out of here!"

Strong words from my usually very calm and unrattled Mr. Ezra Pickering.

Chapter 41

It is the day after the hearing and I am in the offices of House of Chen Oriental Shipping Company, facing Chopstick Charlie's factotum, Mr. Cheung Tong.

"Mr. Tong," I say. "You know I am acquainted with Mr. Charles Chen of Rangoon, Burma, and that he holds me in some regard."

While I face Mr. Tong, he does not face me, choosing, as he usually does, to look away and to the wall. I suspect that his lack of manners is because of his infirmity, and I forgive him for it.

"I know that, Miss Faber," he rasps. "Honorable Chen has ordered me to honor any reasonable request from Beloved Daughter Ju kau-jing yi."

"Well, that is good," is what I say, "and what I want is the Gurkhas."

"Pardon, Miss?"

"The Gurkhas. I spotted their leader Ganju Thapa and some of his cohorts when last I was here. He knows me and I know him."

He knows me all right, as a thorn in his side, but he is a loyal servant to his master, Chopstick Charlie, and will follow his orders, even if he despises me, which he most certainly does.

"And what do you want them for?"

"I have a young adopted son, an East Indian boy named Ravi, who is unjustly imprisoned in the Reformatory for Stubborn Boys. I want him out and safe."

"But how can my company be of assistance?"

"The Gurkhas will go into the prison and bring the boy out. They will recognize him by the color of his skin and the fact that he speaks Urdu. They will call out for him in that language and he will come to them."

"And how will the Gurkhas get into this place?"

"Don't worry. I will take care of that. There will be a wagon outside this door tonight at midnight, with hangers for eight men to cling to its side as it goes on its way. Are you agreed?" I ask, leveling my gaze at the black-cloaked figure. "Are you?"

He turns and looks at me through his one good eye.

"Aye," he says. "But I must go along with the Gurkhas. Mr. Chen would insist."

"Very well, Mr. Tong, I will see you tonight. Adieu."

Yesterday, after the hearing, as we had all piled back into the Pig and were taking refreshment, Joannie Nichols walked in the front door in all her filth, stared forward, and said but one word:

Bath.

We gathered her to us and provided that bath. As Molly and I scrubbed her down, she filled us in on the details ...

"Mistress will allow me to act in the play until such time as school starts back up. A coach will be sent to the Pig each night to collect me and any of the other Lawson Peabody girls who are either in the play or who are there as spectators. When school begins again, all that will be over."

"Still, dear," I said, wringing out her hair, "it's better than the place you were just in."

"Aye," she said, "anything is better than that. What about Ravi?"

"We are going to attend to that tomorrow night."

She looked up at me with question in her eyes. "Can I help?"

"Yes. One last adventure this year, and then back to class again. Agreed?"

She considered and then said, "Aye."

"Then tomorrow night, Joannie, after the performance. Mistress will not miss you in that gaggle of girls piling into the coach. Be ready in your burglar gear."

Her face was down and I could not see it, but I knew her eyes were narrowed and she was smiling.

The horse-drawn wagon of the Shamrock Hose, Ladder and Pump Company pulls up in front of the House of Chen Oriental Shipping Company. Arthur McBride is on the forward seat, holding the reins of the four mighty Clydesdales that are now harnessed, snorting, to the pump. I am seated beside him in my nighttime gear-tight black pants, black jersey, black gloves, and woven watch cap pulled low over my forehead. Joannie Nichols is similarly dressed and rides next to me, her face blackened with soot, just like mine.

As we come to a halt, the mighty draft horses huffing and pawing the ground beneath their massive forms, Ganju Thapa and his six Gurkhas come out the door. As always, they are turbaned and wearing their khukuris-wicked inwardly curving, insanely sharp knives-in their belts, and they climb aboard the pump. The Hunchback then comes out and climbs into place beside them, and we rattle off into the night, toward the Boston Reformatory for Stubborn Boys.

We pull to a stop a good half block down the street and peer up at the prison.

"Damn," I say. "They post a guard outside at night. I didn't think they would."

"You could send one of these heathen cutthroats," ventures Arthur McBride.

"No, I want as little bloodshed as possible in this. I'll-"

"I'll take care of him," growls the Hunchback, hopping down from his perch. "Wait here till you see my signal." With that, he limps off down the street, leaning on his staff. McBride and I look at each other and shrug.

"Lookin' good tonight, Jacky," says Arthur, with a bit of a leer in his voice. "I especially like your pants."

I give him a poke in the side with my elbow and say, "Keep your mind on the task at hand, you dog, and not on my- Look! There's the signal!"

Up ahead we see the silhouette of Mr. Tong waving us onward with his stick.

"Let's go!" I order, and we roll toward the prison entrance. "When we get there, swing around and back up to the gate. Joannie, get ready."

Joannie hops on top of the pump, hook and chain in her hand.

Arthur guides the wagon around in a wide arc and then pulls back on the reins, bringing the mighty fire wagon to a stop. Then urging the beasts to move backward, he brings the rear of the water pump up against the grating.

I jump down and go to the side of the Hunchback, who is peering at a form lying on the cobblestones.

"Is he ...?"

"No. He is just sleeping. He will recover in an hour or so. I found no key on him, however."

I notice that Mr. Tong has pulled the man's jacket up over his head so that if he should wake up, he will be blind and fairly immobile. My respect for the Hunchback's abilities grows.

"I did not expect you would find one. Not likely the warden would trust the safety of his prison to a weak link like him."

"There is an alarm bell, attached to that cord there."

"Aye, and we shall use it. But not yet. Joannie! Up with you! Put it there on the right, next to the hinge! I'll put mine on the left."

Joannie Nichols bounds off the wagon and begins to climb the massive iron gate, the grappling hook over her shoulder. When she gets to the top, she attaches the heavy hook in the proper place and then leaps off, to land on the ground. She stands aside.

My turn now. I take my own hook over my shoulder and climb to the top, attach it, and bounce back down. We stand aside and hope for the best. The Gurkhas are already positioned at either side of the entrance, their great mustaches bristling, their black eyes gleaming, knives in hand.

"All right, Arthur." I shout, "Now!"

And Arthur McBride cries, "Yeehaw!" and brings the slack reins down on the flanks of the horses, urging them on. The strong draft horses respond by throwing their huge bulk against their harnesses and lurching forward.

The slack in the chains is instantly taken up and the gate rattles but does not fall.

"Go, Bob! On, Bryan! Come on, lads, give it all you've got!" urges Arthur, and there is a low, creaking sound from the gate, but still it holds.

"On, Charley and Denny! Put your backs into it!"

The mighty Clydesdales, the same type of horse that carried legions of heavily armored knights into tournament and battle in Europe, now strain against an iron fence in Boston, the huge muscles in their haunches standing out like steel bands as they put their all into it.

"A little bit more, boys," implores Arthur, using only his voice, and not the whip, to urge them on. "Just a bit ..."

And then there is a snapping sound as the top right hinge lets go, then a long, metallic screech as the pins in the lock on the left are twisted out of their sockets and, with a great roar, the gate comes crashing down.

"Quick, Joannie, unhook!" I shout, as I go to release my own grappler, but I needn't have said anything as she has already done it and has thrown her hook and chain on the back of the tank.

Leaping aboard the wagon, I lean over and plant a warm kiss on the cheek of Arthur McBride. "Thank you, Arthur, thank you!" I exult. "But now you've got to fly away! Soon there will be alarms ringing all over the city. Drop Joannie at the Lawson Peabody School, she knows how to get in! Now, fly, Arthur, fly!"

And he does. With a final "I loves thee, Jacky Faber!" he plants one on me and then chucks his noble steeds and disappears with them into the night. And, sure enough, there is now the sound of a distant alarm from across the sleeping city.

I turn back to the action at hand and peer through the entrance no longer protected by an iron grate. Across the courtyard, I see that same strong oaken door I had seen before, which guards the entrance to the actual prison. It remains closed and there is no sign of activity in spite of the noise made by the falling of that gate.

"Are you ready, Ganju Thapa?" I ask.

He nods, not looking at me.

I grab the alarm rope that the Hunchback had pointed out to me and give it several hard yanks. The peals of the bell ring out across the yard and, presently, lights are seen in windows, and the front door is cracked open.

"Then, go."

With a blood-curdling screech and shouts of their traditional battle cry of "Jai Mahakali, ayo Gorkhali!"-which means "Glory be to Kali, Goddess of War, here come the Gurkhas!"-Ganju Thapa and his cohorts storm the door and enter the fortress.

I make ready to follow them down, but a stout staff comes to rest across my chest, preventing me from doing so. I stop midstride and look up at the Hunchback.

"No, Miss Faber. You must go from this place, as you are too well known as a cause of trouble in this city. Come, we shall go back down to my office and wait for the return of the Gurkhas. They know what to do and how to do it, and they will meet us there."

I think on the wisdom of that, and he says, "Here. Take my arm."

And I do it, and we walk in silence back down to the Boston offices of the House of Chen Oriental Shipping Company.

I am given refreshment, if not much in the way of conversation, and not too much later, Ganju Thapa and his men troop back into the main office. They separate ranks, and four small boys are revealed among them. Ravi is one of them and he runs to me and I enfold him in my arms, tears of relief pouring from my eyes.

"Memsahib! Ravi so glad see you with head still on beloved neck!"

"Ah, don't worry, Ravi, you must know by now that it takes a lot to send me off to Brahma. Now, just who are these fine fellows?"

I look over at the other three ragamuffins.

Ravi twists a bit from my grip and says, "This is Jules, and that is Butch, and that one is Harvey. They are friends to Ravi in that place."

I'll bet ... That Butch looks pretty big and strong and the other two look plenty streetwise. I also notice that Ravi's face does not show so much damage this time. Ah, Ravi, you clever little fellow.

"And what happened to the rest of the boys in that place?"

"All run away, most happy. Gurkhas scare hell out of everybody, guards, too. Not Ravi, though."

"And what about these three?"

"Ravi tell them about Memsahib and maybe she can help them go off to sea."

"That's right, mum," speaks up the one named Jules. "Ravi here thinks you might be able to help us out in that regard," he says, twisting his cap in his hands and looking at the floor.

"What about the rest of you? The seagoing trade is a hard one. You are sure you want to take it on?"

"Yes, mum, we're ready to go," says Butch. "Better than diggin' ditches and pitchin' manure. Plus, they're sure to round up the rest of the boys and put 'em right back in that place."

"You might change your mind on that, mate, but all right. Come, lads, let us go down to your new home. Mr. Tong," I say, with a curtsy in front of the Hunchback, "thank you for your help. I will never forget it."

I go then to stand in front of Ganju Thapa. I kneel down and put my forehead to the floor between his boots.

"Thank you, Ganju Thapa," I say, "for saving my son."

Surprisingly, his hand reaches down to lift me back up. My eyes blink my appreciation, and then I am out the door with Ravi and his friends.

We stand now on the darkened main deck of the Lorelei Lee ...

"Line up right over there in front of the mast. Yes, that thing is called a mast. And stand up straight. That's it, chins up, thumbs on seams of trousers."

I hear footsteps come up behind me from up on the quarterdeck.

"What's this, Miss Faber?"

"A new batch of ship's boys for the Lee, Mr. McConnaughey," says I.

"We've already got three, Miss."

"Well, you got four more," I say, and turn back to the boys. "Lads, this is Mr. McConnaughey. He is First Mate of this ship, and from now on, his Word is your Law. Do you understand? Good. Now, I know you were all in the Reformatory for Stubborn Boys. True? Of course it is, 'cause I just busted you out of there. But here on the Lorelei Lee, that stubbornness will be beaten out of you, else you will be put off in the nearest port, whether that port be Zanzibar or Timbuktu. Do your further understand?"

There are nods all around ... except from Ravi.

"Good. Now, go below and see if you can find something to eat in the galley. You've had a long day."

Three of the lads run off to the hatchway, but Ravi does not.

"Me, too?" he says, all big-eyed before me.

I kneel down in front of him. "Yes, Ravi, you too. This place is too dangerous right now. You must go off on the Lee. You know her well and will be able to help the other boys get along. The ship is going to Ireland, and then to New York, and then back here if things have calmed down. If they have not, I will go to New York to pick up you up. I promise. All right?"

He blinks and nods. "Ravi always saying goodbye to Mommy," he says, his eyes full of tears.

I hug him to me, tears in my own eyes. "I know, Ravi, but maybe things will be different this time. Now, go with your friends."

He sniffles, turns, and goes.

I park myself on the edge of the quarterdeck, bury my face in my hands, and think on the events of the past few days. Presently, I feel someone come up and sit by my side.

I peek through my fingers and see that Mairead McConnaughey has come out of her cabin to be with me, and I gratefully put my head on her shoulder.

"I see you've sent another group of raggedy ship's boys off to sea ... All that batch lacks is a tomboy girl to go with them to put them straight."

I manage a low laugh at that, recalling my time as a common ship's boy.

"'Tis a hard life wherever we live it, Jacky, you know it is," she says. "But we did have some times, did we not?"

And I have to agree on that, and we sit and talk of our good times far into the night, till, at last, I rise to go.

"Will you not stay here tonight, dear?" asks Mairead. "The streets are dark ..."

"Nay, I must get back to the Pig. Clarissa will be wondering where I am, and some others, too."

Ian also expresses concern, but I laugh it off with, "Hey, Cheapside Jacky's in her black burglar's gear, how can she possibly be brought to ground?"

And with that, I am off the Lorelei Lee and back on the streets of Boston.

But I find I am wrong, dead wrong, for as I pass the corner of Union and State and am about to duck into the now dimly lit Pig, strong arms reach out for me, and I am taken. It is Constable Wiggins himself, with his thick arm around my thin neck, who hisses in my ear, "Got you now, you little witch, and soon you shall pay!"

Chapter 42

J. E. Fletcher

Representative, House of Chen

Boston, Massachusetts, USA

Journal Entry, August 3, 1809

I do not know why I have allowed myself to be once again so cruelly crushed. By all the gods, heathen or Christian, it shall not happen again, I swear it.

I rose yesterday morning and bathed, and then shaved off my beard. I donned a decent suit of clothes and left off the eye patch, hat, and humpbacked cloak, and sallied forth full of hope to the corner of State and Cornhull, where I had stated in my letter to J. F. was the place where we should meet to see if we could smooth over past differences concerning propriety and conduct and come together again as lovers sworn to each other.

I arrived at the assigned spot at fifteen minutes before eleven in a great state of anticipation, and waited in vain until noon. Nothing ... Nothing but the ringing of the hours at the Old South Church to mock me for my gullible stupidity ... ding-dong, noon, naught but gloom; ding-dong one, she's done and gone; ding-dong two, you silly fool ...

I had put the letter on her shelf three days ago, but she has shown no sign of receiving it. I know she got it, for I saw the open and discarded envelope lying by the cash box when I went later that day for my dinner. Could she be so heartless as to disregard it so entirely? Am I nothing to her that she does not even favor me with a reply?

I do not know. All I know is that she went gaily about her business-even when enlisting my help in rescuing her little lad Ravi. Out in the town with the Gurkhas and all I saw from her in the way of affection was her laying a kiss on the face of that sonofabitch Arthur McBride! She seems to have no thoughts of me.

No! I am done with it and I am done with her! The Ciudad de Lisbon is ready to sail and sail she shall. And I shall be on her, and quit this unhappy country!

I sit down now ready to pen a letter to Charlie Chen, thanking him for his offer of a captain's post on this ship, but declining that honor, as I must get back to England to see what can be done to salvage the shreds of my Royal Navy career, as that seems to be the only avenue to any sort of settled existence for me. I have heard of a possible pardon for my past transgressions. If true, fine. If not, also fine. If they want to hang me, I do not care. There is one thing I do know for certain-a rose-covered cottage with a certain Miss F. is definitely not in my future.

I have finished writing that letter to Mr. Chen, informing him that I have left his company in good hands and have found a suitable captain for his ship, and that I will accompany said officer as far as New York to make sure he is a good seaman. The Ciudad de Lisbon, which carries a full cargo of rum, will drop off the few passengers that have paid for passage to that port, and then will return to Rangoon. I, myself, will take passage on another ship for London, and to hell with the consequences.

There is a sudden commotion outside, and I rise to see what is the matter. Upon gaining the street, I hear alarm bells ringing all across the city and see a small boy rushing up the street.

"Where are you going, boy, in such a hurry?" I ask of him.

"To the courthouse, Sir!" he shouts over his shoulder without slackening his pace. "The whole town's going!"

"But why?"

"They are going to whip Jacky Faber today!"

Chapter 43

I am taken from the cell by a grinning Goody Wiggins and led outside to the courtyard. My hands are bound before me and there is a hobble about my ankles so that I don't try to make a run for it. I blink in the sudden bright sunlight. My eyes are clear and I see the whipping post there ready to receive me, with a very satisfied Constable Wiggins standing by with his rod held in his fist, slapping it against the palm of his other hand.

It seems the whole city has come to watch this spectacle. Bells are tolling and alarms sound from Beacon Hill to the lower Twelfth Ward. Oh, well, I hope I will make a brave show of it, but I know I won't. I never was really very brave ...

My trial, if you can call it that, was held this morning. I was brought in dressed in a grim gray linsey-woolsey prison dress that had been found for me-my burglar gear, which I had been wearing, had been confiscated. I was allowed to confer with my lawyer for a short while. I find I am to be charged with witchcraft. Ezra told me what kind of evidence would be brought against me and then asked ...

"What do you have to say to that, Jacky? Remember, never lie to your lawyer."

So I sighed and told him all about my magic mushrooms and my plot against Pigger O'Toole and my drugging of Judge Thwackham's tea. He looked at me, considering.

"Maybe you really are a witch," he said, at length. "But no matter. Listen to me now. What you must do every time you see me put my hand to my brow, like this, is to say, 'I decline to answer on the grounds that it may tend to incriminate me, as is my right as provided by the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States.' Have you got that?"

I replied that I did and repeated it back to him.

As we waited for the Judge to appear, I reflected back on last night's stay in the slammer ...

Wiggins and his thugs were none too gentle in dragging me into their paddy wagon and then into the cell. Once there, I was made to strip down, to put on the prison dress, and to suffer the japes and jeers of him and his deputies while doing so. "You'll notice, Sweetie, that this here dress buttons up the back," said Goody Wiggins as she roughly fastened me up. "And I think that's gonna come in right handy come whippin' time." I hope with all the rage that's in me that this pair will pay dearly for their treatment of Jacky Faber someday. I really, really hope that.

It had not been an easy night, what with a cage full of roaring drunks on one side of me and Pyro Johnny's jabberings on the other.

He has been tried and condemned to hang for murder next week, but he does not seem overly concerned. In fact, he informed me that he asked to be burned at the stake, so's he could spend his last minutes on this earth with his beloved flames, but was told that, no, that just wasn't done anymore. They would agree, however, to cremate his body when it was brought down from the gallows, if that would make him feel any better. It did. I had never before met anyone who actually looked forward to the Fires of Hell. I gave him the names of several men I know to be residents in that place, such that he might give them the regards of Jacky Faber, my being the one what caused 'em to be down there in the first place. He said he would do so.

No, the night was not easy, but I got through it and was glad to see the dawning of the day, whatever that day might bring.

A rap of a gavel and a call of, "All rise! The Municipal Court of the City of Boston, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, is now in session, Judge Lemuel Tragg, presiding!" began the important part of my day.

As this new Judge took his place behind the Bench, Ezra whispered to me, "Judge Thwackham is enjoying a long rest at his summer home on the shore at Scituate. It is expected that he will retire soon."

I gave an innocent arching of the eyebrows and a shrug at that, and Ezra snorted, "Sic Transit Jacky," a Latin phrase he has sometimes said before in regards to me.

I look above at the gallery and see that Amy Trevelyne is there on the arm of John Higgins, who gives me a warm, stiff-upper-British look, which does lend me some strength. Amy looks stricken, but stares forward. Hey, Amy. Where's your notebook? Should be some pretty good stuff coming up soon.

Now this Judge Tragg is a different kettle of jurist from his predecessor. While Thwackham, the Mad Bull, was obese, garrulous, cantankerous, and abusive to all about him, this man is thin as a whippet, and his gaze sharp, piercing, and unforgiving. He is large of nose but small of stature, measuring no more than five feet in height. I cannot tell about the hair on his head, said head being covered with a white wig, but I suspect it to be gray and sparse.

"So, what have we here before us today, Counselor?" he asked of Attorney Hamilton Brown, newly rescued from exile as a Blue-bottomed Baboon and restored to his former position as Chief Prosecutor of this court. He knows the particulars of this case and glances at me with a knowing look that does not contain a lot of love for the soon to be formally accused. I put on the big-eyed, poor waif look in return and wait.

"This is a hearing to determine if one Jacky Faber, present here in this court, should stand trial on a charge of witchcraft."

"Witchcraft? I thought we were done with all that, and all the witches are now dead and gone," said Judge Tragg, "thanks to the good people of Salem." He said this with a slight smile, and he gets a few titters from the courtroom.

Ah, a man who enjoys his own wit. Good to know, I'm thinking ...

"Ahem. Yes, Your Honor," said Attorney Brown. "However, when you hear the particulars of this case, you might change your mind."

"We shall see, Sir," opined the Judge. "Miss Faber, please stand up."

I did so.

"Do you understand the charges lodged against you?"

"I do, and maintain that they are false."

"So you plead not guilty?"

"Yes."

"Then, sit down. Counselor, call the first witness for the prosecution."

"I call Constable Wiggins to the stand."

The despicable Wiggins waddled up to stand before the Judge, holding a bundle under his arm.

Uh-oh ...

He was sworn in, then testified ...

"Your Honor, I was pwesent at the place called Skivareen's on State Street on Saturday last when a small crate was brought in, bearing the mark of Faber Shipping Worldwide, as you will plainly see from this piece of board."

He then produced the side of the small crate, which did, indeed, bear our label. "And in that crate was this bottle."

He held up the bottle with my nice label still on the side. There were a few droplets of purple liquid left at the bottom of it.

"And what was the significance of that, pray tell?" asked Prosecutor Brown.

"Well, Sir," replied the Constable, "right afterwards, Captain Tooley and his lady Gloria Wholey, began acting in a very bizarre way, and I believe we all know how that turned out, the good Captain being reduced most cruelly in his circumstances." That gets some titters from the crowd, for every one of them knows that story.

Ezra was immediately on his feet and in front of the Bench.

"Your Honor! I object! There is absolutely no evidence pointing to that bottle being in that particular box. Furthermore, we have no reason whatsoever to believe that what was in that bottle was in any way harmful to anyone. In fact, I see from the top of the crate that it was addressed for delivery to Governor Gore. If there is any fault here, it is in the so-called Captain Tooley's misappropriation of a gift intended for someone else!"

Good lad, Ezra, press on!

"Your objection is duly noted, Counselor," said Judge Tragg. "But you are reminded that this is only a hearing and not a trial, so things are a bit more relaxed here. Prosecutor Brown, you may proceed, although I cannot see where this is possibly leading."

"Thank you, Your Honor," said Mr. Brown, with an obsequious bow to the Judge. "But I think things will become more clear. Constable Wiggins, you may step down, and thank you for your testimony. I now call up Uriah Beamer."

Wiggins stepped away and a mousy little man stepped up, quivering before the majesty of the court.

"You are Uriah Beamer, servant to Judge Hiram Thwackham, are you not?"

Uh-oh ...

"Yes, Sir, Yer Honor, Sir," quavered this Beamer, stooped over with cap in hand.

"Judge Thwackham, two days ago, did suffer an attack of madness. Did you serve him his midday meal on that day?"

"Yes ... It was the usual ... a few joints of roast fowl, some bread and cheese, and ..."

"And what else?"

"A pot of tea, Sir."

"What did you do after you placed this tray on the table in his chambers?"

"I went around the corner and waited till he was done eatin'. When he went back into the court, I picked up the tray and took it away."

"And what did you do with it?"

The man Beamer looks down sheepishly. "What I always done-I et up the scraps and drunk down the rest of the tea."

"And what happened after that?"

"About an hour later I was thrown off the balcony of Mrs. Bodeen's whorehouse, stark nak*d."

"Is this an example of your usual behavior, Uriah Beamer?"

"No, Your Highness. I don't know what happened and I don't remember much, neither." The poor man stands there all miserable, forced to listen to the laughter from the gallery. "I'm a good family man, I am ..." He paused and shook his head ruefully. "But of course me missus is right pissed at me now."

The gallery explodes in laughter at the poor man's distress, but is quickly pounded into snickering silence by Judge Tragg's insistent gavel.

I am beginning to think that the Municipal Court of Boston in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts has become the center of a mean sort of spectator sport ... Geez, have you Colonials not heard of cricket ... or football? I hear crowds gathering outside for some sort of spectacle and I worry at that ... They have already built the gallows for Pyro Johnny, but could they not also use it for me? My hand goes to my poor defenseless neck.

The unfortunate Mr. Beamer was dismissed, slinking out the side door with the aforementioned wife having him firmly by the ear.

"I now call the prominent scientist, Mr. Donald Sackett, to the stand," intoned Attorney Hamilton Brown.

WHAT? My own dear Mr. Sackett to stand against me? Has the world gone mad?

Mr. Sackett, my science teacher at the Lawson Peabody School for Young Girls and husband to my friend Dorothea Baxter, went to stand before the Bench, looking somewhat confused at seeing me in the dock, as it were.

"Mr. Donald Sackett, were you not given two different samples of liquid, one from a bottle labeled Exhibit A, and one from a teapot, marked as Exhibit B?"

"Yes, I was," replied Mr. Sackett, clearly flustered by the proceedings.

"Did you examine those samples?"

"Yes, I put them under my microscope."

"And what did you find?"

"That both of them contained spores of the mushroom Amanita muscaria, these spores growing somewhat differently from the usual in that they had a distinctively purple cast to their nucleus, and that-"

Damn! I bought you that microscope, Mr. Sackett!

It was at that very moment that Dorothea rushed in the side door, crying, "No, Donny, that is our Jacky up there! Stop talking!" But it was too late.

"Miss Faber, to the Bench!"

I rose, bereft of hope, to stand before the Judge.

"Did you, Jacky Faber," asks Prosecutor Hamilton Brown, leveling an accusing finger at me, "contrive to put any foreign substance into the beverage served Judge Hiram Thwackham on the afternoon of July thirty-first of this year?"

I looked to Ezra, and his hand went to his brow.

"I decline to answer on the grounds that it may tend to incriminate me," I answered, my head up but fearing the worst, "as is my right as provided by the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States."

"That's enough for me," said the Judge. "I remand this person over for trial, bail to be set at two hundred dollars! Take her away!" He brought down his gavel. "Next case!"

"Begging Your Honor's pardon, but there is another little matter here," said State Counselor Brown, still smarting under his tenure as Court Baboon.

"And that is?" questioned Judge Tragg.

Attorney Brown cleared his throat and said, "Several years ago, the esteemed magistrate Judge Hiram Thwackham did impose a sentence of a dozen lashes of the cane to the back of this female, a suspended sentence conditional that she should never appear in this court again. She is, obviously, in this court again."

"Lashes?" asked the Judge. "Do we still do that?"

"We did then, Your Honor," said Mr. Brown, with grim satisfaction. "And the sentence still stands. I suggest that it be carried out. Today."

Judge Tragg considered this. "Hmmm. I do hate suspended sentences-unless the suspension is at the end of a rope-as they tend to clutter up the books. Hmmm. Whip her now and hang her later. I rather like the neatness of that. Has a certain judicial finality."

He thought further on this, then pronounced, "Very well, take her out and administer the strokes, and-"

Someone opened the side door and yelled out, "They are going to whip Jacky Faber!" The crowd out there greets that news with a roar of dismay.

"Sergeant at Arms, do your job and close that damned door!" shouted Judge Tragg. "Is there no security in this place? Has Boston descended into complete anarchy? Has it gone completely mad?"

The Sergeant at Arms manfully tried to get the door shut, but the crowd outside pushed back against him. Finally, with two of his cohorts, he got the job done.

The Judge, seeing what has just happened and hearing the cries of the crowd outside, changed his order.

"The execution of the order to administer twelve lashes to the back of this female shall be performed today at two o'clock this afternoon. Take her away and put her in a cell until such time. Make her ready for her punishment. Bailiff, go to the State House and have Governor Gore send down a contingent of militia to maintain order during the proceedings."

He brought down his gavel hard on his Bench. "Court is adjourned till two o'clock!"

Chapter 44

James Emerson Fletcher

About to Abandon Boston

and Jacky Faber Forever

Journal Entry, August 3, 1809, continued

Having received the crushing blow of J. F. refusing to meet with me or to even acknowledge my presence, and having been informed of her impending whipping at the courthouse this afternoon, I have shaved my face, cut my hair, cleaned out my rooms and caused all my personal belongings to be carried down to the Ciudad de Lisbon for my possible imminent departure.

I say "possible" for I will most probably be under arrest for Obstruction of Justice, and I do not care if I am, for, no matter what she is, I will not see her beaten in public. Putting the remains of my costume on-cloak, hump, eye patch, and slouch hat-I take my Bo stick, call for Ganju Thapa and his Gurkhas, and go out into the street and turn, with grim determination, up the hill to the courthouse, with my Gurkhas behind me. I look up at the tower clock and see that it says one fifteen. Must hurry to see this done.

However, I do not complete the turn, for I stop when I hear the sound of men marching, the sound of a drum, and the sound of a deep male voice singing ...

There once was a troop of U.S. Marines,

Went marching up to Boston, O!

For our Captain resolved to see

Our little Jacky all set free,

When we went marching up to Boston, O!

I am shocked to see a squadron of U.S. Marines, resplendent in their deep blue uniforms with white cross-belts, black shakos on heads, rifles on shoulders, all marching in close-order quick-step and, at their head, is the officer who sang. He is dressed similarly, except that he has a single white cross-belt with a gold swab upon the shoulder, and wears a front-to-back cocked, with similar decoration; a sword hangs by his left side and he carries no rifle, merely the riding crop favored by Marine officers for the enforcement of discipline cradled in his right arm. He is, of course, as my ill-willed gods have directed, First Lieutenant Randall Tristan Trevelyne, United States Marine Corps.

It is plain that they have marched up from the USS Chesapeake, which has just warped itself out into the harbor, presenting its starboard side to Boston. I notice that, curiously, its guns are run out.

"Squadron, Halt!" he calls.

The entire unit comes to a perfect stop: perfect dress-front; perfect dress-right, perfect. Even in my turmoil of mind, I am impressed. I am about to push on when he says, "You there! Hunchback! Come over here!"

I grit my teeth and decide to stay in character for one last time. I limp toward the arrogant bastard, him standing in full command role, whilst I limp, bent over to stand before him.

"Where are you going?" he demands.

"I am going to the courthouse to prevent a miscarriage of justice."

"I suspect we are going to the same place with similar purpose."

"Perhaps."

He laughs. "You, one man with only seven rag-heads at your back?"

"I will see it done."

"You might, but you will also find yourself in jail for a long time if you succeed. Is she worth it? You, poor fool, have obviously already decided that she is."

With that, he pulls out his riding crop, whips it around, and knocks my hat off my head and it falls to the ground.

"Maybe you'll do a bit better without the silly disguise, Fletcher. It is time for you to lose it."

My Bo stick flies almost of its own volition from my shoulder into The Buzz of Angry Bee and knocks Trevelyne's own hat forcefully to the dusty ground, and then returns to The Crouch of the Wary Leopard, the ready position.

"Pick up my hat, Randall, and give it back to me," I say through clenched teeth.

Randall flushes with anger and goes to the hilt of his sword, but my stick whirls again into The Strike of the Angry Mongoose and it lands, rather painfully I hope, on the back of Lieutenant Trevelyne's hand, pinning it down.

"My hat, Randall," I repeat, "and then I will return yours."

Trevelyne glowers at me for a moment and then smiles and says, "Well played, Fletcher. We shall have to duel sometime-stick against sword-and see how that plays out. However, we have business to attend to and time marches on."

He glances up at the clock on the tower. "It is one forty-five. We'd best be about it. They've probably got her well trussed-up by now."

"Sergeant Munster!" he calls over his shoulder.

"Aye, Sir?" says a Marine, breaking ranks and coming up next to his commanding officer.

"Pick up the gentleman's hat and hand it back to him with my compliments."

The sergeant dutifully bends down and does it, and I relax from Angry Mongoose and place it back on my head. Then I dip the end of my Bo stick and slip it under the crown of Randall's hat and lift it to hand it back to him.

"Your hat, Sir ... with my own compliments."

Randall considers, chooses to laugh, and says, "Good sport, Fletcher, you have a rare wit, for an Englishman. Now, it does not do for us to scrap like little schoolboys, does it? No, it does not, for we must haste to the whipping post and see what we can do for our wayward little school girl who is about to have her skirts lifted and given a well-deserved switching." He dusts off his hat and places it on his head, sticks swagger stick under arm, and says, "Shall we go to accomplish what we can on her behalf? Good. Munster. Take charge of the column, count cadence and all that, and follow me, on my command."

"Aye, Sir."

He then comes up to me as I adjust my disguise.

"So, you will stay incognito? Well, I am sure you have your reasons, and perhaps it will play out well here. We shall see."

He falls in beside me as we continue up the hill. "Tell me, why did you hide yourself from her in that getup? I, of course, spotted you right off-the way you walk, the silly story of Chopstick Charlie and Lieutenant Fletcher being sent off to Rangoon or some other god-awful place to have his addled brains unscrambled. I am surprised that she did not, quick as she is. Perhaps, as I have heard her say before, 'People see what they expect to see,' and she did not hark to her own observation."

In answer to his question, I merely say, "Something very important came up ... or down ... between us. I will say no more on that."

"Very well, Fletcher, and I shall ask no more," he says, "except to say that I surmise that you think too much ... But, hark! We are here! And there she is, tied to the whipping post! Ha!"

I see her face peering in wonder around the rough post at us coming toward her. I, in turn, gaze at the tremendous crowd that has gathered for this pitiful spectacle. But I pay no attention to that, for I see, beyond her bound and kneeling form, the hated figure of Constable Wiggins, his rod upraised and ready to strike.

"Go, Fletcher!" says Trevelyne. "Make your play and we will back you!"

I need no further encouragement as I charge forward, full of grim determination.

Chapter 45

And so it happens that I am eventually brought out and tied to that hated stake at exactly two o'clock August third, in the Year of our Lord, eighteen hundred and nine.

I am surprised at the size of the crowd. It looks like the entire population of the city is on hand for the festivities, and while I generally do like being the center of attention, I could well have taken a pass on this. There are mobs of the Irish I helped bring over here, as well as the old guard represented by Captain Warren and his Sons of Boston. At least Pigger's crew was disbanded and not here to witness my pain and public humiliation.

When I am first brought out, my hands bound and my ankles hobbled, there is a great roar as the crowd surges forward. I see Arthur McBride at the head of the Irish contingent, sitting atop the Shamrock Hose, Ladder and Pump Company wagon with Molly Malone by his side, her arms wrapped around his waist. He wears his gleaming copper helmet and balances his speaking trumpet on his knee. Captain Warren is similarly decked out on the seat of his own fire wagon. The two glare at each other with undisguised loathing.

Yes, there is Mrs. Shinn, at the head of a gaggle of her COWS, all of them looking very smug and satisfied.

Arrayed at the side of the Shamrock wagon are Davy, Jim, and the rest of my Nancy crew, holding belaying pins and looking properly murderous.

And there is Ezra, of course, now with Amy at his side and Higgins, too, bless him, standing off to the side. Well, Amy, I hope you enjoy seeing me get my comeuppance, sister, I really do. I refuse to meet her eye, but I have the feeling she seeks mine. Who cares ...

Judge Tragg has seen to it that an armchair be brought out for him so that he might view the proceedings, his Court Reporter by his side so that this charade might be put down all legal like. The Judge has brought his gavel with him and he pounds it on the arm of his chair, bringing the outdoor court to some sort of order. Prosecutor Hamilton stands at his other side, looking properly stern, while Constable Wiggins has his hand on the rod, looking positively beamish.

I note there is also a squad of uniformed militia standing in a line in front of the crowd. They look rather worried and I reflect, even in my state of current distress, that the Governor might have sent a few more.

I am taken-shoved, rather-to the stake by Goody Wiggins, our Worthy Matron, and forced to my knees. My hands are unbound and then retied on the other side of the post. A strap is then put around my waist and tightened, binding me to the pole.

Then I feel Goody's fingers work at the buttons on the back of my dress, and it falls to the side and my back is bared to my waist. There is a great hissss from the mob, but neither of the two Wiggins pays it any mind. A strap is put around my middle and pulled tight, to hold me securely to the stake so I will not be able to wriggle out of the way of the lash.

Through all this, the military part of my mind hears the low throb of a drumbeat. Wot?

At last, all is secure and ready ...

Judge Tragg stands to pronounce sentence ... "Twelve strokes of the rod as ordered by the High Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts! Let it be done!"

There is a low moan from the crowd-the Irish part of it, anyway-as Constable Wiggins stands back and eyes my bare back. He grins his piggy grin and draws back the arm that holds his whippy stick ...

At that moment, hearing the drumbeat louder and marching cadence being called, I peer around the whipping post and see ...

Wot? The Hunchback is running toward me with great purpose and determination, and behind him is Ganju Thapa with his Gurkhas, their curved swords at their sides, and behind them is a contingent of United States Marines led by a grinning Lieutenant Randall Trevelyne ... and yet, behind all that, is the USS Chesapeake, lying out in Boston Harbor, with its starboard side guns run out and pointing right at us!

What the hell is going on?

Chapter 46

"This is an absolute outrage!" shouts Judge Tragg, but he can scarcely be heard over the roar of the astounded crowd as the Hunchback charges forward and, with his stick, catches Wiggins's rod on its way down to my back.

"You dare, Sir, to stop a diwect owder of the Municipal Court of Massachusetts?" demands Wiggins, his eyes popping, his jowls wiggling in surprise.

"I do, Sir," growls the Hunchback, and with that he whips his staff around and, in one fluid motion, both disarms the Constable of his rod and hits him hard across his fat buttocks. Wiggins screams and flees, disappearing into the nearest opening in the massed crowd, which, unfortunately for him, turns out to be a convenient gap in the line of Gurkhas. His shouts of pain are suddenly muffled.

It occurs to me at that moment that, tied and bound as I am, I will survive this day. Humiliated, yes, shamed, yes, already been that ... and even if lashed and grievously hurt and bloodied and scarred, I will survive ... and that clears my mind of its terrors and I am able to think clearly on just what is going on around me. And it is all turning out to be very interesting. For instance, while the crowd's notice is focused on the confusion in the court, I am able to notice that two of Ganju Thapa's Gurkhas have something big and squirming in a black bag on their shoulders and are carrying it down in the direction of Chopstick Charlie's ship. Thanks, Chops, that almost makes up for your big double-cross, and I hope Constable Wiggins performs well as one of your galley slaves, I really do. Oh, and do not spare the whip.

My attention then turns back to the tumult at center court, as it were.

Judge Tragg is on his feet, pointing furiously at the Hunchback. "This is a court of law, damn you! Who are you and what right have you to lay hands on members of my court? And who the hell are the rest of these people?"

Without waiting for an answer, he turns to the leader of the militia and orders, "Arrest that man. Take him away! Now!"

"Chesapeake Company ... Order arms!" barks Randall, and rifles come off the troop's shoulders, butts hitting the ground at the exact same instant, with one distinct thud.

The rather dubious Captain of Militia, perhaps gauging the mood of the surly crowd and seeing also the squadron of perfectly turned-out United States Marines that are pulled up before his somewhat shabby unit, wisely hesitates.

It is then that Lieutenant Randall Trevelyne, after giving me a sly grin and a snappy salute with his crop, speaks up.

"Your Honor! May I enter your courtroom and present myself? And perhaps explain things?"

"I demand that you do," says Tragg, in a state of high dudgeon. "And tell me what you are doing here."

Randall takes three steps forward, bows to the Judge, and says, "I am, if it please you, First Lieutenant Randall Trevelyne, U.S. Marine Corps, assigned to USS Chesapeake, which you see laying out in the harbor."

Randall sweeps his arm expansively toward the ship. Tragg lifts his gaze and registers some concern.

"It does not please me. Furthermore, it does not answer my question as to your presence here."

"Why, Sir, it is simple. I have come to take custody of the female known as Jacky Faber, whom I believe is rather conveniently tied up right here." Randall places a patronizing hand on my head. I cut him a look, which he returns with a wink.

"What? Listen, you arrogant young pup ..."

At that, Randall nonchalantly raises his riding crop above his head and a deep booooom is heard coming from the harbor. All heads turn to see a puff of white powder smoke drifting away from one of the Chesapeake's gun ports.

"You would presume to fire upon the city of Boston, Sir?" shouts Tragg. "This is an act of civil war!"

Randall makes a placating gesture toward the Judge and his court and says, "Please, Your Honor, forbear. The Chesapeake is merely blowing out old powder. The guns are not loaded. Not now, anyway. Think of this demonstration as a salute to dear old Beantown. Here, let's have another. To Boston, the First to Stand for American Liberty! Huzzah!"

Again he raises his swagger stick, and again a boooom comes rolling up to the court. If there is one thing Randall Trevelyne can do, I think, ruefully, it is swagger.

The Judge's face is white with anger. "Rest assured, the Governor, the Congress, and the President shall hear of this!"

"No need to bother those fine gentlemen, Sir," says Randall calmly. "For, you see, this is a matter of law, not war, and we can settle this right here, most amicably."

"Law? A matter of law? I see no law here. What I see are thinly veiled threats from the Federal Government upon the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the City of Boston!" thunders Judge Tragg.

"But it is a matter of law, Your Honor," persists Randall. "Constitutional law."

"What?" asks the Judge, incredulous. "Explain yourself!"

"Surely His Honor knows that in matters of Interstate Commerce, Federal Law holds sway over State Law," says Randall, with a small deferential bow, his demeanor staying just this side of insolence.

"Commerce! What does that insignificant female have to do with commerce?" demands Tragg, pointing a stiff finger at me.

"Uh, a little matter of smuggling on the high seas and violation of the Embargo Act," says Randall. "I've been ordered to take her in for questioning by the federal authorities."

At this moment, Ezra Pickering steps forward and says, "Your Honor, what he says is true. I do not have to remind the learned Judge of Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution giving Congress the power to regulate commerce between the States ..."

Although my bonds are chafing, I have to smile on that. Oh, Ezra, you fox, to have that chapter and verse so convenient to your smooth tongue, right here, right now. I know you had a hand in this. I also know that what Randall knows about law, constitutional or otherwise, could be stuffed in his snuff box with room to spare, but you know all about it, don't you? And I wouldn't be surprised if John Higgins hadn't spent some time recently with his nose buried in some law book. Such good friends, and me so unworthy of their friendship.

"But ... but ... but ... this girl is under sentence of a dozen lashes imposed by our municipal court. It must be carried out or our justice system is a mockery! Furthermore, she is under indictment on a charge of witchcraft and bound over for trial!"

Prosecutor Hamilton speaks up in support of his magistrate. "That is true! This cannot be! There is such a thing as States' Rights!"

Randall crosses his arms and says, "Federal trumps State. Simple as that."

"Be quiet, all of you!" orders the Judge, sitting down heavily. "Counselors, approach the bench!"

Hamilton, Ezra, and the Court Reporter crowd around Judge Tragg and animated conversation ensues. While I cannot hear exactly what is said, I catch snatches and can guess what's going on.

This Judge is no fool. I know he is weighing his options: "If I hand over the wretched girl, both I and the Commonwealth lose face. If I keep her, then that silly witchcraft thing will come up and it might be proved that Judge Thwackham was, indeed, drugged and is not insane, and could therefore be restored to his bench and I would be back languishing in some lower court again handing out five-dollar fines and I certainly don't want that. Hmmm ..."

The conference goes on and on. I wish they'd hurry; my knees are getting sore.

Ah. They seem to have come to some sort of conclusion, for the Judge has risen to his feet and the lawyers have retreated to their former spots.

"It is the decision of this court that the original sentence of twelve lashes upon the female Jacky Faber will be carried out"- I sag a bit in my bonds on that -"and upon execution of that sentence, she will be cut down and released into the custody of the Federal authorities, as represented by that officer there. The charge of witchcraft will be dismissed."

Pretty crafty, Judge Tragg. Honor is served all around, and a crisis is averted.

"Is that agreeable to you, Sir?"

Randall smiles and bows. "Perfectly agreeable, Your Honor. I believe that justice will be done in this case."

Great. I get beaten, but that's fine as long as everyone's happy, right? Grrrr ...

"So ruled," says the Judge, bringing his gavel down on the arm of his chair. "Carry out the punishment. Constable, do your duty."

It is then that Judge Tragg discovers that his Constable has gone permanently missing.

"Where the hell is he?" he asks of Prosecutor Hamilton. "Let's get this done."

I believe he's on his way to a new career on an oar. I hope he prospers.

"He's nowhere to be seen, Sir," says Hamilton, looking about.

"Well, who shall administer the strokes?"

Ezra speaks up. "As a member of the court, I volunteer to do it."

Captain Warren leaps to his feet and puts his speaking trumpet to his mouth and thunders, "He's her goddamn lawyer! He won't hurt the wench! I demand that I be assigned to that task!" There is a roar of approval from the local populace.

"Blow it out your ass, Warren!" shouts Arthur McBride through his own trumpet. "I will do it!"

"You?" sneers Warren. "The girl owns you and your wagon and all you possess. You're going to whip your boss, mick? I think not! I believe you'll bend down and kiss her ass, rather than beat it!"

"You'll eat those words, you blue-nosed yankee bastard!" Arthur is on his feet now. "And you're gonna eat 'em now!" The Irish roar and raise their clubs and the natives return the challenge by shaking fists and brandishing weapons of their own.

Uh-oh ... There's beginning to be serious shoving between the opposing ranks, and I see that gleaming fire axes are hanging along the sides of both pump wagons. This could get bloody.

However, before it does, the voice of reason speaks up.

Ezra Pickering goes to the center of the makeshift court and raises his arms and calls for silence. "You citizens of Boston! Please, listen to me!"

When the crowd noise abates a bit, he goes on.

"There are many here who have a vested interest in this case, far too many for justice to be done! Therefore, I propose that the strokes be carried out by one who does not have such an interest."

Here, he points dramatically at the Hunchback.

"Mr. Tong! He has a stick and he has shown he knows how to use it! Furthermore, he comes from a part of the world where public canings are not all that uncommon! Let it be him!"

Judge Tragg puts hand to chin and considers, while the crowd mulls it over, as well. Finally, he says, "Do you agree to administer the punishment, Mr. Tong?"

The Hunchback solemnly nods.

Sneaking a peek at him, I'm thinking ... This could be good for me-he has helped me out on at least two different occasions-he certainly was crucial to the Ravi rescue mission. Hmmm ... But we shall see ... That rod of his looks wicked strong and could render a poor girl sore. Strange ... I notice that in addition to his usual garb, he now wears a black scarf wrapped around his lower face. But let us wait, and we shall see.

"Very well," intones Judge Tragg. "It is the order of this court that twelve strokes of the rod be struck on the back of the female Jacky Faber for the crime of ... what? Oh, yes, Lewd and Lascivious Behavior." He raps his gavel yet again. "Proceed, Mr. Tong. Mr. Pickering, as an officer of the court, you will count off the strokes?"

"I will, Your Honor," says Ezra, stepping forward. The Hunchback throws his cloak over his shoulder and lifts his stick, taking aim.

Grit your teeth, girl, for here it comes ...

I hear the rod whistling through the air and stiffen as it lands squarely on my back, and I lurch back as if shocked by the sudden pain.

"One!" says Ezra, and the crowd roars, apparently satisfied.

But, strangely, it did not hurt much at all. It was as if he had swung hard, but pulled back at the last instant.

He winds up again, and again the rod comes against my back without doing much in the way of damage. I lean my head against the pole as if in great pain.

"Two!" announces Ezra.

Again the staff is brought around to land on my shoulders, and this time I cry out in anguish and slump against the post. The mob seems to appreciate the spectacle.

"Three!"

Something is going on here that I can't quite understand, but I know enough to play along.

"Four!"

"Five!"

"Oh, God, help me!" I cry, straining against my bond, but, again, I am not hurt all that much. Could the man be sparing me agony out of respect for Chopstick Charlie? He certainly doesn't owe me anything.

It turns out he does ...

"Six!"

"Seven!"

And on that one I swear I hear the Hunchback say softly to me, "That one was for Robin Raeburne."

"Eight!"

"... and that one was for Lord Richard Allen ..."

Wot?

"Nine!"

Ouch! That one was a little harder. Just what is going on here? I am not imagining things; I did hear him say that.

"... and that was for Flaco Jimenez ..."

How does he know those names, how ...? The books? Amy?

"Ten!"

"... that for Arthur Goddamned McBride ..."

I cry out on that one for real! The strokes are getting harder and harder ... and his voice is no longer raspy ... It is instead somehow familiar ...

"Eleven!"

"... and one for Amadeo Romero ..."

The hardest one yet falls on my back. Yeeouch! I'm not faking now, no, I ain't ... But what the hell?

Before he strikes the final blow, he brings his face into my view, whips off his hat, tears off the eye patch and scarf, and says ...

"... this last one, Jacky, is for me!"

Wot? Jaimy? Can it be? Oh, Jaimy. I-

That's as far as I get as he whips his staff back and, with all his might, brings it down on my bottom.

Screeeech!

With that he whips off his cloak and throws it to the ground, taking the Hunchback's hump with it.

"Goodbye, Jacky," is all he says as he turns and heads off down the hill toward the harbor.

"Jaimy! Wait! Oh, please wait!" I cry out after him. "I can-"

But I can do nothing but wail as Ezra and Amy rush up to free me from my bonds.

"Oh, Amy! That was Jaimy Fletcher!" I cry, tears streaming from my eyes.

"I know, dear," she says, throwing a shawl about my shoulders. "Here, you have suffered enough, Sister. Calmness, now." Ezra fumbles with the bindings on my wrists, but not being a sailor, he is clumsy and slow at it.

"Oh, please hurry, Ezra," I cry, tears running down my face. "I must catch him! I know he's going to his ship and I fear he means to leave me!"

It is Lieutenant Randall Trevelyne who steps forward, whips out the dagger from his belt, and quickly cuts the ropes away and lifts me to my feet, saying, "There, Jacky, you're free. Now go get him, if he's what you want."

I run off down the hill crying ...

Jaimy! Don't go! Please wait!

I arrive, panting, down at the docks, just in time to see the Ciudad de Lisbon pulling away from the wharf, her sails filling with a following wind.

"Jaimy! Wait!" I shout, but I know he cannot hear me. I can see him, though, standing on the deck, facing away.

Then I see something that strikes me to my very core. A figure comes up next to Jaimy and puts her arm around his waist.

It is Clarissa Worthington Howe and she sees me standing desperate on the dock. She gives me a little finger wave and very clearly mouths, We are even now.

I fall to my knees, unable to cry out anymore ... or even to cry.

Epilogue

Miss Clarissa Worthington Howe

The House of the Rising Sun

New Orleans, Louisiana, USA

Miss Jacky Faber

The Pig and Whistle Inn

Boston, Massachusetts, USA

August 28, 1809

My dearest Jacky,

It is my fondest hope that this letter finds you in the highest of spirits and in the very pink of condition, you sweet little thing, you.

You are surprised at my return address up there above? Well, dear, I felt it was a perfect place for me to go-my daddy will never find me here. Thank you for introducing me to Mademoiselle Claudelle de Bourbon on my previous visit here, for through her I find I have entry to a very sporting class of people. Mam'selle is well and great fun, of course, and sends her love and affection. And do not worry, I shall not again fall into dependence on those substances she is so eager to provide-no, I am older and far wiser now.

Is your Mr. Fletcher here by my side? Oh, you silly thing, don't you know that was an elaborate little joke? It was just a game. You do realize I had to pay you back for my loss of Randall, don't you? So now we're all even-Polly Von can have both Randall and my part in your little play. That was amusing, but time for me to move on.

And the very idea of me, Clarissa Worthington Howe, being married to a very junior British naval officer, oh my dear, it just could not be. Oh, I mean he was most pleasant company on our way down to New York. We did enjoy many fine promenades on the deck as night fell, but I did find him a bit gloomy. I suspect he is still mooning over the loss of his pwetty widdle Jacky Faber. Oh well, he'll get over that. But Oh! Oh! Oh! If you could have just seen the look on your face when our ship pulled away from the dock and you came running down to find Jaimy looking out to sea and me with my arm around his waist. Joy! I must say my timing was perfect! It was as perfect as that scene you staged back at Dovecote when I pulled up in my coach to find you and Randall rolling around on the grass, Randall above and you below, with your skirts up around your waist. And turnabout is fair play, right, Jacky?

Anyway, dear, thank you for introducing me to New Orleans, as the place suits me. I have taken rooms here at the Rising Sun, as it seems to be the center of all activity in this city, and I have found employment as a singer. I did have to post a bond with Madame Babineau, considering my past behavior here at the Rising Sun, silly stuff that I can scarcely recall. Anyway, I gave her a check in the amount of $500 written on the account of Faber Shipping Worldwide, and she seemed pleased. You have probably noticed that one of your cunning little checkbooks is missing. Is it not the most wondrous thing, Jacky-I write out the amount and sign your name and they give me money? I will try to be careful with it.

Thank you also for teaching me to play upon the guitar. With my good soprano voice and my beauty, of course, I am quite the hit. Could I be becoming you? Heaven forbid ... but, possibly ... a well-bred, cultured, and beautiful version of you, maybe. You have shown me the way, Jacky, and I thank you for it ... and for the loan of your guitar. I'm sure you'll find another one soon.

As for my beauty, my fame is spreading. I am performing in several theatrical productions and do not lack for money nor notice. As a matter of fact, I am to be escorted to a grand ball tonight by a General Jackson-do you know him? He is friends with the Lafitte brothers, both of whom send their regards in hopes of seeing you again very soon. They were most emphatic on that.

And on the subject of beauty, if I were you, I would not go looking for the painting that Spanish boy did of you, as I have borrowed it, also. It has been beautifully framed and now hangs over the bar at the Rising Sun and is admired by all. The Lafitte Brothers and I, together with Andrew, were just minutes ago standing in front of it, and all toasted you most warmly-the resemblance is simply amazing. I swear Mam'selle kneels in prayer before it every day. I cannot imagine why it upset your Mr. Fletcher so. After all, we have always known of your ... exhibitionist tendencies.

Mr. Fletcher ... Oh, yes, you will probably want to know about him. We parted at New York and he took ship for England, while I continued on to New Orleans. I believe he will try to regain his commission in the Royal Navy, and I say good luck to him. Actually, I think he still loves you, poor man. I did, of course, intercept that letter to you that he placed at the Pig, wherein he suggested a meeting of reconciliation between the two of you-and betrayed the location of that charming painting. Silly boy. I just could not allow that to happen. I enclose that letter with this one so that you might enjoy.

Your piratical friend Flaco Jimenez was in New Orleans last week. I believe he came because he had heard I was here, and he showed me an excellent time. The Lafittes do not know all of the low dives in this town, but Flaco is familiar with all of them. He asks after you, of course, but has invited me to go a-roving with him. He might even give me my own ship. I must say the offer is most enticing and I might do it someday ... The dread Pirate Howe-it has a nice ring to it, don't you think?

The night is very pleasantly warm and the air is heavily laden with the perfume of tropical flowers, and, oh, I do believe Andrew is here to escort me to the ball.

Till later, Jacky. Keep well. I do love you, you know, in my own way. I used to think you were something nasty stuck to the bottom of my shoe, but I have changed my mind on that. Since you have come into my life, you have been ever so much fun.

Sincerely,

Clarissa Worthington Howe

