Chapter 1

As soon as I drive past the "Welcome to Saltwater, Maine, The Prettiest Fishing Village", I start cursing my mother out under my breath. Prettiest Fishing Village my ass. It's just like all the other fishing villages, populated by people who never change, with backward ideas that never change.

As soon as I got accepted to Columbia, I'd driven away in my 1967 Chevy Impala (no, I've never seen Supernatural, thank you very much, and I'm really tired of screaming girls taking pictures while leaning on it and asking where the Winchesters are) and hadn't looked back. I was done with the backwater town and backwater ideas and whenever anyone asks where I'm from, I say "Maine" and leave it at that.

My phone rings, but I ignore it. Just mom (for the third time) asking me when I'm going to be home. I fiddle with the radio until I find a station that plays classic rock. Only Aerosmith understands my pain.

I drive past the microscopic high school I'd gone to. I'd been the valedictorian of my class of ten, which was harder than it sounds. I'd had competition from one other student, and he'd given me a run for my money.

Sawyer. I can't think his name without bringing up all kinds of memories, most of them good, but all tinged with regret and sadness. Ugh, I do NOT want to think about Sawyer. He's off at Georgetown doing his undergrad before going to med school to be a cardiothoracic surgeon.

I slow down to the required 25 mph as I go through what passes for "downtown" Saltwater. A tiny grocery store, a hair salon, a pizza place and a gas station with one pump that doesn't take credit cards. Big shock, it's exactly the same as the last time I saw it. All the buildings are coated with the remnants of the last snow storm. It might be December, but the weather has decided to be warmer than usual. The snow would be back though. It always is.

I turn off the main road and start heading to my house, my dread increasing. I swore I was never coming back here, but my mother had laid such a guilt trip on me for missing last Christmas that I didn't have a choice. Something about wanting to have all her children under one roof. My brother and sister will both be there because, unlike me, they had never left Saltwater. My brother is a sternman on a lobster boat and my sister married young, started producing babies and became a CNA. They've both married and divorced, once for my brother and twice for my sister.

I'm pondering just turning around and driving all the way back to Columbia when a deer darts out in front of my car, causing me to swerve on the narrow road and go into the ditch to avoid massacring Bambi.

"Shit!" I slam my hands on the steering wheel. My car is fine, but when I try to reverse out of the ditch, nothing happens. The soggy ground has latched onto my tires and isn't letting go.

I let out a whole string of curses and get out of my car to survey the damage. Fuck my life.

I look up and down the road. I'm not that far from home, so I could just walk and then come back with my brother. He's got a tow truck and he can get me out. One of his toys that he bought himself. Great. That will mean I owe him a favor and he'll never let me forget it. I try to avoid looking as a car drives by and slows down. Yeah, yeah. Come and gawk at the damage. I hear an automatic window roll down and then a voice I never thought I would hear again speaks.

"Need some help?" This is not happening.

I turn around slowly. The first thing I see is a truck I haven't seen since high school. The second is the guy I haven't seen since high school.

"Ivy?" His hair's a little longer, and his face is a little leaner. He looks ... older. But his eyes. They're still the same.

"Sawyer," I whisper, because I can't believe it's him. What the hell is he doing here?

A car drives behind Sawyer, honks, and he waves them on. The two of us are frozen, unable to move. At least I am. He recovers first.

"I have a chain in the back. I can get you out of there."

"Okay," I say as he pulls in front of my car and then gets out. He seems taller, but that can't be. He's wearing a thick blue Carhartt jacket, torn jeans and work boots. He moves to the back of the truck and gets a chain out, which he hooks to the tow hook on the back of my car and then to his truck. He hasn't said a word.

"Okay, get in," he says and I get back in my car. With a minimum of revving of his engine and mine, we get my car out of the ditch. I get out to thank him.

Instead, I say, "What are you doing back here?" He wraps up the chain and doesn't meet my eyes.

"My dad died," he says as he tosses the chain in the bed of the truck. "Bye, Ivy." And as quickly as he appeared, he's gone, and the only remnant of is being here is the cloud of exhaust from his truck.

I slump against my car and raise my head. Snow is just starting to fall, melting as soon as it hits the pavement.

This goddamn town.

Chapter 2

"What took you so long? I was about to send out a search party," my mother says as I walk in the door, enveloping me in a huge hug. I hug her back and I have to admit, I don't mind this part.

"Well, it looks like at least the food has been good to you at Columbia. You're a bit puffier than you were last time you were here." And there it is. Not even five minutes in and there's the criticism. I move away from her and drag my suitcase back to my tiny room.

Our house is similar to most of the others in Saltwater: small and damp. My brother Drew is on the couch watching a sporting event (I can't be bothered to keep track of which one) with a beer in one hand, and he waves at me as I walk by. Mom yells at him to get his feet off the coffee table. God, it's like I never left.

My room is exactly the same. Just enough room for a bed and a dresser, with a tiny window that looks out on the backyard that hasn't been raked or mowed in however long. My bed is made with one of my grandmother's quilts and I smooth it out before I sit down and lay back on the pillows. Dad must be at work. He owns a tree service and does odd jobs. Mom manages the books and does substitute teaching when she can.

Mom and Drew are busy arguing (their favorite pastime) about something and I let my mind drift back to the moment with Sawyer. His father died? No one told me. Granted, I don't keep in contact with anyone from here besides my parents, but you'd think they might have mentioned it. The yelling increases and then the door bangs and another loud voice announces my sister Stacy's arrival, with at least two of her children. I pull the pillow over my head and wait for it.

I count to ten, and then my door bangs open and a tiny human jumps on my stomach and screams my name.

Welcome home, Ivy.

Two hours later we're all crammed around the tiny dining table as Christmas music drones in the background and my mother glares at what I'm eating. Drew keeps glancing over his shoulder at the game (along with Dad) and Stacy is trying to keep her children at the table. They're not bad kids, they're just ... hyper. And attention-starved. Listen, I don't have kids, but I know a plea for attention when I see one. Stacy's way of dealing with it is to either ignore them or scream at them.

This is my own special hell.

"What happened to your car?" Dad says out of the blue. "It's covered in mud. You get stuck in the ditch?" He laughs as if it's the funniest thing ever.

"Not exactly," I respond. I'm not going into the Sawyer story. Not if you paid me a million dollars.

Mom sighs loudly and we all look at her. I swear, she's got tears in her eyes.

"It's just so good to have all of you here," she says, blotting her eyes with the paper towels we use as napkins. We're also eating off Styrofoam because Mom got a "deal" on them at the big box discount store. Screw the environment. She got a DEAL.

I look at my brother and sister and we're all sort of embarrassed by Mom's display.

"Get a grip, Mary," Dad says, patting her on the shoulder. "No one's going anywhere right now." He shoots a look at me. Yeah, yeah. They were pissed when I left for college. It was NOT pretty when I told them there was no way in hell I was staying in this effing town. They couldn't imagine what was out in the world that you couldn't get here.

And that's just it. That's the reason I had to leave. I want more. I want more than having babies with a guy who never has a steady paycheck, who spends every Friday night at the bar. That's fine for some people, but it wasn't for me. And they can't understand why.

"Well, I have some news," Stacy says, changing the subject. "Bucky and I are expecting!" Bucky is her third husband, and she doesn't have any kids with him. Well, yet. Mom shrieks with joy and rushes over to hug Stacy and Drew keeps looking at the game and Dad gets out more beer to toast to his next grandchild.

"Congratulations," I say. I do mean it. Babies are pretty awesome news, but I think she's got her hands full with three already. She can barely manage them. I get up from the table and go to toss my plate.

The Christmas tree is set up in the living room already, but it's nak*d. Mom wants us all to decorate it together, even though Christmas is less than a week away. It's a little scraggly, since it's one that Dad cut from our backyard. They think it's sacrilege to buy a tree when there are a bazillion in our backyard.

I go outside without my coat, even though it's cold enough now to need one. That's Maine weather for you. Completely bipolar. The Christmas lights on our porch are half burned out because my parents leave them strung all year long. We are THOSE people. I lean against the porch and inhale.

There is only one thing I miss about Saltwater and it's the smell. Ocean and trees and fresh earth. It's rich and alive and it makes me feel better no matter what. I inhale as much as I can, letting the coldness burn a little in my lungs. Hurts so good.

Mom and Drew are back to fighting, judging by the noise coming from the house. I pull out my phone and text my best friend, Allison.

I am in hell. PLEASE COME GET ME.

My phone rings seconds later.

"Not going well?" she says without a greeting.

"There are reasons I got out when I did, and I'm being reintroduced to all of those reasons right now. BTW, my sister is knocked up with number four. I don't think she understands how birth control is supposed to work."

"Well that's what you get in a hicktown." I can't even be offended, because she's right. Allison was born and raised in NYC and can't understand why anyone would live anywhere else. I kind of agree with her.

"So, something else happened, too," I say, because she's the only one I can talk to about this.

"Ooohhh, do tell."

"I ran into Sawyer."

"Shut up. I thought he moved away."

"So did I." I launch into the deer story and she listens with rapt attention. Allison knows all about Sawyer and my history. She's really the only one who knows, because she's just about the only person in this world that I completely trust, and it's been that way since I met her in our freshman English comp class.

"You have to come get me," I beg after I finish the Sawyer story.

"I can't, babe. I'm in Manhattan and there is no way I'm leaving to come to Hicksville. I'd probably hit a deer. Oh, too soon?"

"I hate you."

"No you don't. Listen, I have to go shopping with my bubbe. I'll call you later, okay? Just ... stay away from the deer." Aw, I miss her grandmother. It took me a week to figure out that was who Allison was talking about. For a minute when she'd say "bubbe" I thought she was talking about Michael Buble and mispronouncing his name.

"I will." I sigh and we hang up. I hear my name being yelled inside the house and I take one last breath of fresh air before diving back into the chaos.

Chapter 3

The next morning my mother sends me to the store for more flour. She's making cookies with Stacy's brood and they've already ruined one bag. She watches them now when Stacy is at work, and also Drew's daughter and stepson when they get out of school. If there's one thing I know about my mother, it's that she can do just about anything that normal people would shy away from.

I try to hurry through the grocery store as quick as I can, because I know every single person who works here, and I really don't want to do the small talk thing right now. Get in and get the hell out is my motto for this trip. I grab the only bag of flour left and turn to dash to the register, but I'm blocked by a cart being pushed by Sawyer.

Not again.

"I'm sorry," he says, trying to maneuver the cart in the narrow aisle. There's no way I can get past it.

"No, it's fine." I back up and go around and come out the next aisle. But he's there as well.

"Sorry," he says again as I dodge the cart. All I wanted was to get some flour. But the universe just couldn't let me have that.

"Ivy, wait," he says as I start to walk toward the register. His voice makes me stop, as if he'd pushed a button in my brain.

"What? What do you want?" It comes out meaner than I intend it.

"Nothing. I don't want anything from you. Why would I want something from you? You were the one who broke up with me, if I remember." He's angry. I'd even go so far as to say he's pissed. He's right. I was the one who ended it, but he didn't fight me on it.

"I'm sorry." It's all I can think to say.

He just shakes his head and whips the cart around, crashing right into a display of stuffing, scattering boxes everywhere.

"Fucking perfect," he mutters under his breath as he leans down to pick the boxes up. I have two choices: help, or run.

I pick the former.

Setting down the flour, I start picking up the boxes and stacking them the way they were. Sawyer is doing the same and then our hands bump as we both reach for the same box.

"Sorry," we both say at the same time. He pulls back as if I've slapped him. Awesome, he's even afraid to touch me.

We finish clearing up the stuffing boxes and then there's a moment.

"I'm sorry," I say. I mean for breaking up with him and for a lot of things. About his dad. He and Sawyer were never close, which was one of the reasons we got along so well. He was really close with his mom, though.

"What are you sorry for, Ivy?" Ah, the old Sawyer is back. He never let me get away with vague statements. He always made me explain them. Big fan of honesty, that boy.

"I'm sorry for a lot of things." I look down at my shoes. Our toes are almost touching.

"Maybe ... maybe we can sit down and talk about some of them. It's ... it's really good to see you." I look up from his feet and see that he's serious. God, it's good to see him. I didn't know how much I missed him until he popped up in my life again.

"It's good to see you, too. I have to get home, but maybe later? Where are you living now?"

"I'm back at home, but they built me a place over the garage. Come around five and we'll talk. I'll make sure I have plenty of vanilla Coke and Red Vines." The mention of the Coke and Red Vines makes my heart stutter for a moment.

"You still remember that?"

"I couldn't forget if I wanted to. See you at five." With that he backs the cart up and vanishes down another aisle.

I take the "scenic" route back home because I need some time to think. My car is still messed up from its fling with the ditch, but there's no car wash around here, so I'll have to deal with it for now.

I park by a little cove, get out, wrap myself in the blanket I keep in my trunk, and sit on the hood of my car and stare at the ocean for a bit.

I used to do this all the time, and sometimes I wasn't alone. The roar of an engine sounds behind me and I turn around to see a familiar truck pulling in. He gets out and shakes his head.

"How did I know you would be here?"

"Because this was where I always came when I needed to think about something," I say as he walks over to my car and stands next to the hood, looking at the ocean and not me.

"It's been a while," he says.

"Yeah."

He leans against the hood and I pat the spot next to me. It's weird that he's standing. Sawyer gives me a look to ask if it's really okay, and then hops up. I unfold the blanket from my shoulder and he ducks under it.

Places are like time capsules, I think. Right now I'm transported to two years ago when Sawyer and I used to sit here under this blanket and watch the ocean and talk. Or sometimes we wouldn't. He's the only person I've ever met that I can be completely silent with and it's not awkward. Well, except for Allison, but that's different.

"I'm sorry about your dad," I say as he moves closer to me under the blanket until our shoulders are touching. I'm used to having his arms around me, but I don't think that's going to happen. There's too much history and heartbreak for that to happen. "What happened?"

"Heart attack. Just this past summer. I was away at school, and I didn't make it home in time. Mom took it hard and she was going to lose the business. So I dropped out of school. That's why I'm here." I figured as much. Sawyer's father (and his father before him and his father before him) owned the McCallister Lobster Pound, the only such establishment in Saltwater. Basically, they were the biggest business in this tiny town. There's a lot of money in selling lobsters, let me tell you.

All Sawyer ever wanted was to NOT be stuck here and run the family business. He's an only child, but he didn't care. He wanted more. Like me.

"I wish you would have told me."

"I didn't know how. I thought about going to Columbia to tell you about it in person, but I guess I pussied out." I lean on him a little, like old times. The past is slowly sucking us back in time.

"I missed you," I whisper, but I know he hears it.

"I missed you. I thought about you. A lot." As in past tense?

I turn my head and meet his eyes. Those feelings that I thought I'd buried and done away with simmer under my skin. I'm captivated by his blue eyes, just like I was when we were kids.

"Ivy." It's just my name, but the way he says it ... I turn my head a fraction and our lips meet. It's almost by accident, like all our other meetings so far. Just a brush, and then it's over as quick as it started.

"I can't," he says, holding my face, as if to stop it from moving close to his again. "I can't do this again. You're going to leave and I'm going to be here. You're going to get out."

I know we talk about this place like a prison, but that's what it's like for us. Or at least it felt that way when we were younger.

"I'm sorry," I say again, because I don't know what else to say. He moves his hand from my face, and I go back to staring at the ocean.

"You have to stop saying sorry, Poison." I almost flinch at the nickname. He used to tease me with it when we were in first grade and it used to make me cry. Then I got a little older and realized that I kinda liked it. Now it makes me hurt and burn at the same time.

"I have a lot to be sorry for."

"So do I." I don't know what else to say, so I look out at the ocean again.

"I miss you," he says, moving his arm around me. I wait a second before I lean into him.

"I miss you, too." Present tense.

Chapter 4

Sawyer and I sit on my car for a while, but then my phone vibrates with a call from my mother.

"I have to get home," I say. He removes his arm from around me and hands the blanket back.

"Am I still going to see you at five?" There's still a hell of a lot to talk about. We definitely wouldn't get through it in one night.

"Yeah, I'll be there."

"Bye, Poison." He gets in his truck and I get off the hood of my car. I came out here to think, but I'm leaving with even more thoughts than I came with.

My mother is pissed at me when I walk through the door and gives me the third degree while the little kids run around, all of them on sugar highs because she let them eat half of the cookie dough. The house is loud, so much in contrast to the quiet I'd gotten to experience with Sawyer.

I finally hand her the flour and start working on the dishes to appease her.

"I hear you ran into Sawyer McCallister at the store," she says as she pulls some cookie dough out of my youngest nephew's hair. This is what happens when you live in a small town. THIS is just one of the reasons I got out while I could.

"Where did you hear that?" I say as I pull my niece off the kitchen counter and put her back on the floor. She runs away, screaming and flailing her arms. Sometimes I wish I could do that.

"Sally Caruthers stopped by to drop off some of her wreaths." Ah yes. Sally. If Saltwater was a megaphone, Sally was the mouthpiece. She was always stopping at people's houses and "dropping things off." I swear, she baked pies and made wreaths and so forth just so she would have a reason to spread as much gossip as possible. It's worse than venereal disease in a small town. That spreads too, but not as fast.

"Yeah, I bumped into him. No big deal." She makes a sound as my niece runs by me again, smacking me in the stomach.

"Do you want to talk about it?" When have I ever talked about my issues with her? Yeah, never.

"No. It's not a big deal." I can say this till I'm blue in the face, but she won't give it up until she wants to.

"His father died, you know. That's why he's back."

"I know."

"You talked to him?" Her eyebrows raise and I realize I shouldn't have said that. Now I'm not getting out of talking about it.

I sigh and sit down at the table and wipe my hands on a dishcloth. I give her the quick and dirty version of what had happened with Sawyer, but I don't tell her about meeting him again near my car. I also don't tell her that I'm going over to his house in an hour. That would set her off and everyone would know about it. God, they probably already do.

My sister gets back from work, looking exhausted in her rumpled scrubs.

"Have they had anything?" She asks mom as the kids climb all over her.

"Lots of cookie dough," Mom says and Stacy groans. I don't blame her. I can't imagine going home with those three monsters, and also being pregnant at the same time.

She wrangles her monkeys and their stuff and heads home, promising she'll be back tomorrow to help decorate the tree with all the kids, and Bucky. Drew is also bringing his wife, Dulcey and his kids as well. It's going to be pretty noisy. At least I've got some quiet tonight with Sawyer to look forward to. Wait, am I looking forward to it?

I'm not sure. It could be good, or it could be bad. I do like seeing him, but seeing him also hurts. A lot.

"You going to be around for dinner?"

"Uh, no. I'm going out."

"Out?" Mom says as if she's never heard of such a thing.

"Yeah, out."

"Out where?" That's another problem in a small town. There's nowhere to go unless you drive.

"Just out, okay? I have some homework to do." Okay, so this is technically true. I do have some things to work on, but I'm definitely not working on them right now. But given a choice between doing homework and hanging out at my house, I'll take the homework.

"Homework? Really, Ivy? I wasn't born yesterday." No, she wasn't. Besides, she'd gotten to practice with my brother and sister before she'd had to me.

"Look, I just need to get out for a few hours. Can you let me do that? Please?" She stares at me for a while, but then puts her hands up.

"It's your life, do what you want." Yeah, I plan on it.

She gets the broom out and starts sweeping, and I regret what I just said.

"Do you need any help? I don't have to leave for a little while." She turns around and gives me a smile.

"If you could vacuum the living room, that would be a huge help." So I drag the impossible vacuum out of the closet and get to work.

"How in the hell did those kids get cookie dough ground into the rug?" I say, scraping it with my fingernail.

"Kids will be kids," she says, shrugging. Yes, they will.

The lights in Sawyer's apartment are on and glowing through the film of the curtains on the windows. His parents' house is dark, and the only car in the driveway is his truck. I head for the steps attached on the outside of the garage that lead up to the apartment. There's a wind chime hanging right outside the door and flowerboxes with now-dead flowers inside them.

There's no doorbell, so I knock and he opens it a few seconds later.

"Hey," I say, holding up one of the wreaths that Sally made. Mom made me take one when I left, so I'm pretty sure she knows where I am and who I'm with.

"Thanks. Is that one of Sally's?" The wreath is your typical balsam, but it also has sea lavender and little shells in it as well.

"How did you know?" I say with mock shock.

"Because she's the only one around here who makes them?" He takes the wreath and sets it on the small table by the door.

"Fair enough," I say, looking around. The place is small, but very nice. To my right is a large kitchen with stainless steel appliances and black cabinets, a small living room and then on my left are several doors.

Sawyer, like a good host, gives me the tour, even showing me his bedroom. Also, as I expected, it's what I used to call "Sawyer clean." Whatever level of clean you think is the cleanest, this is one level cleaner. It used to drive him crazy when I would be what he perceived as messy, which wasn't really. And I used to tease him for being so clean.

"Are you hungry?" he says as we walk back into the kitchen.

"Sort of." I'm starving, but if he didn't plan on feeding me, I don't want to impose.

"Ivy. I know you're hungry. What would you like?" He opens the fridge and puts his hand out like he's Vanna White. I can't help but laugh as I look and see what he's got. Yeah, not much. I open the freezer and there's some hamburger in there and some buns. I think I saw some cheese in the fridge, and he's also got a bag of fries. Bam, dinner. Yes, it is not healthy, but who gives a crap? I can eat healthy tomorrow.

Sawyer smiles at my choices. I take the hamburger and put it in a bowl with some warm water to thaw. Sawyer gets out a pan and spreads the fries out, sprinkling them with some powdered ranch dressing. Some things never change.

"So you're still at Columbia?" he says, trying to make small talk. It's a bit awkward, but I guess it's bound to be that way.

"Yeah, I love it."

"Still journalism?" He knows the answer to that, too.

"Yeah, still journalism." It's all I ever wanted to do. I figured the best way to get out of my small town where NOTHING happens is to go to where things ARE happening.

"You written anything lately?" He also knows the answer to that question.

"Maybe. Maybe not." He gives me a look and I stick my tongue out at him. I'm rewarded with another smile and some of the tension breaks. I start telling him about school, but not for long because I don't want to brag or monopolize the conversation. So I ask him about Georgetown and he talks, telling me about his crazy roommate and classes and we share our college experiences. They're pretty much the same, no matter where you go.

"Are you going to go back?" I ask as he helps me flatten out the hamburger meat into patties.

"I don't know. It's hard, when you leave. Even thinking about going back makes my head hurt. I'm just afraid my brain is going to turn into mush and I won't be able to catch back up." That's ridiculous. He's smart. You don't become un-smart overnight.

"You'll be fine." We start cooking and talk about other things. I tell him about Allison and he tells me about taking over his father's business. Despite being raised with it, he'd never wanted it, and his father had made it look easy. Dealing with a bunch of cranky fishermen is something I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy.

We sit down at his small dining table and eat. It's quiet, but I think about how it was last night at my family's house and I soak it in.

"How long are you back for?" he asks when we're done and he gathers our plates to put in the sink.

"Until the day after Christmas. Then I'm headed back to stay with Allison. I don't know how much more I can take of being here. No offense."

"None taken. Do you want some wine, or something?"

"You have wine? Ain't you classy." He laughs and goes to the fridge, pulling out a bottle of moscato that I'm sure he only bought specifically for me.

He pops it open and pours two glasses. He's even got wine glasses. Damn.

"Georgetown changed you."

"Not really. I'm still the same." He pulls the vanilla Coke out of the bottom of the refrigerator and the Red Vines out of the cupboard. I have no idea where he got them, because I'm pretty sure they don't sell them around here. We move to the couch and he asks me if I want to watch a movie.

"I get to pick, though," he says, getting up and getting one out of a cabinet in his entertainment center without letting me see what it is. He puts the disc in and the previews come on. He grabs the remote and skips through them to the menu. Dear Jesus.

"Are you kidding me?"

"What, it's a classic."

I roll my eyes as Animal House starts. We always used to argue about movies. It was rare when we agreed on one. I don't think we ever found a movie that both of us loved. But we would compromise, because we were young and in love.

I sip my wine and bust open the bag of Red Vines, offering some to him. He declines, as usual. Sawyer is determined that Twizzlers are better than Red Vines. I couldn't count how many times we'd "fought" about it. They were never real fights, of course.

I finish my first glass of wine and then fill the glass with vanilla Coke and Sawyer does the same. We smile at each other and I wonder if he's thinking about memories as well.

"So other than Allison, is there anyone else special at Columbia?" Subtle, Sawyer. He wasn't great at being stealthy with asking questions.

"No, I don't have a boyfriend, Sawyer. Do YOU have anyone special?" I can't imagine that he wouldn't. With his gorgeous face and heartbreaking smile, and his rocking body, he's easy on the eyes. Plus he's also a wonderful guy.

"No, there isn't anyone," he says and it makes my heart lurch and start to race.

"Has ... has there been?" I have no right to ask this, but I want to know the answer. There hasn't been anyone for me since him. There wasn't anyone before him either. He's been my only, in every way.

He sighs and turns the volume of the movie down.

"I tried, but nothing felt right. I'd be with someone and I'd just be thinking that her hair wasn't right, or she had a weird laugh, or she'd not be as smart as I initially thought. No one seemed right." I know exactly what he means. Sawyer sets his glass down and leans forward.

"None of them were you." I exhale in a whoosh and I don't know what to say, how to react. I ... I feel the same way.

Sawyer looks away from me, as if he's ashamed of what he's said. He shouldn't be. At least he's being honest.

"You ruined me for other guys too, you know." I throw a Red Vine at him because I can't deal with the seriousness.

"Oh, I'm sorry that I'm so awesome. Wait, no I'm not." I throw another Red Vine at him. We both smile and I'm in a time warp again.

"You're asking for it," I say, pulling out two Red Vines. They work excellent as whips, by the way. So I arm myself with two of them.

"Is that how it's gonna be, Poison?" He raises his eyebrow and that's all it takes. I'm whipping him with the Red Vines and he's covering his head and trying to tickle me. He lets me get a few hits in, but then he goes for my middle and ends up pinning me on the couch on my back.

"I win."

We used to wrestle as kids, and whenever he would win, he'd say that. And sometimes I would throw a fit and we'd go again and he would let me win and rub it in his face. We both knew he let me, but it was sweet just the same.

Sawyer stares down at me and something shifts and then his lips are on my lips, like two magnets being drawn together. Can't stop it, can't fight it. Let it happen.

We've kissed before, hundreds of times, but his kiss never ceased to touch me deep down. I've never kissed anyone but Sawyer. I never wanted to kiss anyone but Sawyer. He doesn't know that.

I open my mouth and his tongue slips over my lips and into my mouth and our tongues reintroduce themselves to each other. There's no awkwardness. We both know what the other likes, what turns us inside out. He wraps his fingers in my curly hair and pulls, just a little. I moan into his mouth and dig my hands into his back. He's pressing himself against me, and I know that he wants me. I want him too.

But this can't happen. I can't go there again, because I got out. This was the reason I said good-bye in the first place. I take my hand and push on his chest enough that our mouths part. We're both breathing heavily, and I'm so turned on that I can barely stand it.

"I can't," I say as he looks down at me, his lips red from our activity. I move his hair out of his eyes. I'm not used to the long hair, but I like it. Gives you something else to hold onto.

"I'm sorry." This time he says it.

"What are you sorry for, Sawyer?" I turn the tables on him.

"Don't play that game, Ivy." He climbs off me and I push myself up on my elbows.

"Then how do you want to play it? I ended this. We both left. Now we're back here again. I just ... I can't do this." I put one of my hands through my hair. I know he's messed it up. He always does.

"Then you should probably stop kissing me, Ivy. It takes two people to kiss. If that's how you feel, then don't kiss me." He's mad. He gets up from the couch and takes both our empty wine glasses and starts washing them in the sink. The movie is still playing, but I ignore it.

"You left. No reason. Everything was fine and I thought that we were going to make it, even though we were going to different colleges. I thought what we had was strong enough to make it. But then you ended it, and I was left with nothing. Now you're back and you're screwing with my head again. I can't f**king DO this, Ivy!" He grips one of the glasses too hard and it shatters. I get up from the couch and rush to help him.

"Shit," he says, running his hand under the water as it mixes with blood.

"Let me see," I say, taking his hand and looking at it to make sure there isn't any broken glass in the cut. He lets me and it looks okay. I grab a paper towel and blot it try. The cut isn't too bad, just on his palm. Then I get a clean paper towel and wrap it around his hand and tell him to squeeze. Without asking, I go to his bathroom and come back with a box of band aids, antiseptic and some antibiotic cream.

"Sit," I say and he drops down into a chair. His jaw is tight and he's glaring at me, but he lets me patch him up.

"This is new. I'm not used to you breaking things. When did that start happening?" He doesn't answer, so I put the first aid things away and come back out. He's still sitting in the chair and glaring off into space.

"If you want to be pissed at me, fine. But don't give me the silent treatment. It's childish. I've told you I'm sorry for everything. When I left here, I wanted a clean break. I didn't think I could do the long distance thing. It seemed better to cut our losses and not try to keep something going that was doomed anyway."

"We were doomed? Who are you to decide that? I would have fought for you. For us. But you just gave up before we even started. Didn't even try. Just gave up."

"That's not fair." I pull out the other chair and sit down. Now I'm the one glaring. He's putting this on me, but he's the one who didn't fight the breakup.

"If I recall, I was the one who ended it, but you said it was fine. You agreed to it. So what the hell, Sawyer? Were you lying to me? You, Mr. Honesty Is The Best Policy? How about we talk about that?" I cross my arms and we glare at each other, both boiling mad.

He doesn't say anything and something inside me snaps. I didn't come here for this. I don't know what I came for, but I don't want to do this anymore. I am officially done. Being at home is better than this.

"Well, if you don't want me here, then I'm going to go. Bye, Sawyer." He doesn't stop me from leaving, and I slam the door. It doesn't make me feel better. I knew coming home was a mistake.

Chapter 5

Okay, I'll admit it. I cried on the way back home. There was a reason I ended things with Sawyer. I can't trust myself around him. Well, no more. If I see him again, I'm running the other way. Stupid small town. THIS IS WHY I FUCKING LEFT.

I blast The Police and drive in circles through Saltwater before heading back home. I've got nowhere else to go, and it's time to decorate the damn tree. The weather has snapped back to cold and I can smell snow in the air. Yes, you can smell snow. Or at least I can.

My house does look cozy, with the half-burned out lights sadly blinking on the porch and the lights glowing over the yard. Christmas music is blasting again; I can hear it as soon as I get out of the car. Instead of yelling, I hear laughter. That's a nice change.

I wipe my eyes and take a few breaths of the chilly air. It burns in my lungs and dries the remnants of my tears.

It's chaos when I walk inside, but joyful chaos.

"You're back!" Mom says, as several of my nieces and nephews cover her with tinsel. Drew and Dad are busy trying to turn the tree so the best side is facing out, with contradictory instructions from Dulcey and Stacy.

"We wanted to wait for you to be here until we started the ornaments." There is a very specific way that they must be put on, and we've been doing it this way since I was a kid. I'd nearly forgotten about the routine, but I smile as I look at the dozens of boxes of ornaments. First, before we do anything, we must pick a color scheme and vote on it.

Mom holds up a notebook and a pencil and hands it to me. I write down all the possible color combinations. These were agreed upon by my parents (or really, my mother) before we were born. Silver and blue, red and green, purple and white, orange and yellow, red, black and white, orange, blue and silver, green, purple and silver. It's a very complicated system.

I call out the colors and everyone votes for their favorite. There is also a lot of "convincing" that goes on. Or I should say, pressuring. It's like a presidential campaign, with everyone trying to win votes to their side. Once everything is tallied, the winner is red, black and white. This is my personal favorite, so I'm happy.

Then, we have to get the right boxes, which are all labeled (once again, by my mother) and everyone fights to see who gets to put on the first one. In addition to the colored ornaments, we have strings of lights to match, and all of the ornaments that have sentimental value that always go on the tree, regardless of color theme.

Drew's stepson wins the Rock, Paper, Scissors battle to put on the first ornament, which also wins him the crown of Ornament King.

God, I'd forgotten how much fun this could be. Dad breaks out the eggnog (alcoholic for the adults and non for the kids) and the music blasts and we all share stories about other times.

It's like a f**king Christmas card. After the stress and turmoil of dealing with Sawyer, it's actually nice to be home.

"I'm glad you're here, kid," Mom says, putting her arm around me and giving me a hug.

"Me too," I say, and it's not a lie.

My plan to avoid Sawyer goes to shit the next day when Mom sends me out for pizza. She's taking care of all the grandkids while their parents are at work, and the only food that will appease the minions is pizza.

And, surprise, surprise, who else is getting pizza?

"You have got to be f**king kidding me," I mutter under my breath when I see his truck parked next to the pizza place. I sit in my car and try to peer into the building to see if I can see him.

I crouch down in my seat, so if he comes out, he won't see me. The door opens and I peer over the dashboard. It's Sawyer, carrying a stack of pizza boxes. He sets them in his truck, gets in and drives off. Phew.

I wait until his truck is definitely gone before I go in.

"Pickup for Mary," I say to Ray, the guy who makes the pizzas. He graduated a few years ahead of me and the day after graduation he started working here full time. Doesn't hurt that his dad owns the place and he's an only child. That seems to be the case in small towns. Boys grow up and are just shoved into the family business.

"It's already been picked up," he says, spreading sauce on a new pie. This is a damn small town but a town that consumes a hell of a lot of pizza. This guy never has a dull moment.

"What do you mean? Who picked it up?"

"Sawyer McCallister. He picked it up and paid for it." He gives me a look because, of course, he knows all about my history with Sawyer. He waggles his eyebrows and I know that everyone must think that the two of us are back together, just because I'm back. I want to smack that look right off his face.

"Huh," I say. "Well, thanks anyway." He gives me a smile and I leave, puzzled. I drive back to the house and Sawyer's truck is parked outside and he's sitting in it. I get out and walk up to the window and he rolls it down.

"You stole my pizzas," I say, motioning to the stack of boxes.

"I paid for them, so technically that isn't stealing. And I'm also delivering them, so you should be thanking me." He's not smiling, but I feel like he wants to.

I cross my arms and wait.

"Look, I was getting pizza for some of the guys and Ray told me that you had ordered some, so I figured I would make up for being an a**hole last night by doing you a favor."

"How's your hand?" He holds it up, still covered in the band aid I'd put on it last night.

"It's fine. Look, I'm really sorry for what I said, and I didn't mean to attack you and freak out. It was mutual, and if I wanted you, I should have fought for you, but I didn't. We're going to be stuck here together in this place for a few days, so how about we call a truce?"

I lean on the open window. Out of the corner of my eye, I see the curtains flutter as Mom looks out and I know I'm going to get interrogated about this as soon as I walk in.

"A truce?"

He nods and sticks out his hand. "A truce."

I shake his hand, but let go quickly.

"Well, delivery boy, how about you help me bring those pizzas in?" I get a tiny smile as he gets out and carries the pizza boxes into the house.

"I don't understand why you ever broke up with him, Ivy," Mom says after Sawyer brings in the boxes and Mom oohhhs and ahhhs over seeing him again. She adored him when we were together, and I know he really liked her too. She was devastated when I told her we weren't together anymore.

I wipe one of the minions' sauce-covered faces and try to avoid answering, but I can't, really.

"There was no point in keeping it going. We were going to be states away, and we would have broken up eventually. I didn't want to drag it out if it was just going to end." She crosses her arms and gives me a look I've seen so many times.

"What?" I say.

"That is a cop out, Ivy Rose, and you know it. You fought so hard to get away from this town that you cut ties with everyone and everything, even us. Even him. I know you loved him. Still do. It's all over your face." I turn my head so she can't stare at me.

"I'm not still in love with him. That's why I broke up with him."

"Ivy, you can still be in love with someone and not be with them. In fact, I think that happens more often than not." She grabs a plate that one of the minions threw, midair. She's that talented.

"Mom, I really don't want to talk about this right now." I get up from the table and start collecting the empty plates to toss.

"There you go again, running away." Mom's tone shifts and I can tell that she's angry.

I toss the plates and the minions all run to the living room to finish watching the marathon of Christmas cartoons.

"That's not fair. Just because I didn't want to marry some loser guy right after graduation and start popping out babies and live paycheck to paycheck does not mean that I was running away. I left. I wanted more than this," I say, motioning to the house.

Mom crosses her arms and her eyes narrow, just a fraction. Great. She's about to blow.

"I'm so sorry that what your father and I worked our asses off to provide for you and your siblings isn't good enough for you. I'm sorry that we're such a disappointment that you don't want to associate with us." Mom rarely gets upset like this and I can see that she's going to cry, so she heads out the back door so no one will see. I've never seen my mother cry. She always leaves before that happens.

I sit back down at the table and my stomach feels sick. I've ruined everything. Sawyer, my family, Christmas. It's a wonder they want me back. I should just go now, before I do any more damage. Allison will let me stay with her, no questions asked.

I go to my room and start packing my stuff.

"What are you doing?" Mom's voice makes me jump.

"I'm leaving. All I do is cause problems when I'm here, so I'm going to remove the cause of the problems. I don't know why you want me here in the first place if I'm so ungrateful." I throw a shirt in my suitcase, not even bothering to fold it. She comes and stands behind me, takes the shirt and folds it.

"If that's what you want. I'm not going to beg you to stay."

"Fine," I say.

"Fine." She takes another shirt and folds it, and then another. The silence in the room is thick and sticky, but I'm not going to break it.

Once all of my stuff is packed, I close my suitcase. Then mom finally speaks.

"We miss you. I know you don't care what we think anymore, but we do. The house isn't the same without you. When Drew and Stacy come over, there's always an empty place where you should be. You're my daughter and I love you and I wish you were around more. I understand that you're off in school, but at least a phone call. Something. I know you think I'm mad that you left, but really, I just miss you, Ivy. Your father does too, although he'll never say so. Just try and stay in touch." She pats my shoulder and leaves while I stare at the suitcase.

I get three miles down the road when my phone rings from an unknown number. I ignore it and keep driving. Then it rings again. I shut my phone off and toss it on the floor.

Then a familiar truck zooms up behind me with its warning lights on. What the f**k is this? I flip him off and keep driving. What's he going to do, run me off the road and pull me out with his chain again?

Nope, what he's going to do is pull alongside me, motion for me to pull over and put his life and any other drivers on the road, in danger. I have no choice but to pull over to the side of the road as he pulls in front of me. Could this qualify as stalking? Not that the cops would do anything about it. They were too busy busting people for smoking pot and then stealing it and smoking it themselves. Seriously.

I turn off my car and wait for him. I lock all my door and keep my windows rolled up. I keep my glare on as he gets out and walks to the passenger side and taps on the window. I stare straight ahead. He knocks again.

"I'm going to stand here until you let me in and it's f**king freezing, Poison." The combination of not wanting him to get frostbite and the use of the nickname makes me lean over and unlock the door. He gets in, rubbing his arms.

"It's colder than a witch's tit out there." I wish I could let the comment go, but I can't. And he knows that, because he knows me.

"What the f**k does that even mean?"

He laughs and blows into his hands.

"I have no idea. So, where the hell are you going?"

"Um, I'm not going anywhere, and it's none of your business even if I was. Stalker." I'm still staring out the windshield even though he's turned toward me.

"I'm not a stalker, your mom called me." Of course she did. I knew she wouldn't let me get away that easily. She's sneaky, that woman.

"And why did my mother call you to run me off the road?" He clears his throat.

"Well, she didn't call me to do that. She just called me and said that you were leaving and I might want to do something about it. She really doesn't want you to go." I finally turn toward him.

"Is she the only one?"

"Ivy."

I raise my hands and smack them on the steering wheel. This back and forth is killing me.

"Don't leave like this. Stay with your family. I'll leave you alone. Just don't bail on them because of something that might have happened with us. I mean it." Ugh, why does he have to be so convincing? I know running back to Columbia is childish, and that I'll regret not spending Christmas with my family.

"Whatever," I mumble and turn the car on. "Get out."

"Yes, ma'am." I hate it when he calls me that and he knows it. He shuts the door and I peel out, turning into the first driveway I can find so I can turn around and go back home. Sawyer waves at me as I drive by him and I flip him off again.

"Let's get this straight," I say when I walk back through the door with my suitcase, "I'm back because it's my choice. Not because of anything anyone said or forced me to do."

Mom just nods and turns to hide a little smile as I go to put my crap back in my room.

Chapter 6

I feel so awful about leaving and bailing on my parents, I decide to make them dinner. I only have a few choices, so I go for macaroni and cheese, since pasta is buy one get one free at the grocery store. I also get the last head of lettuce and the last apple crumble pie from the tiny bakery in the back.

I don't run into Sawyer this time, and I'm glad. When I get back to the house, Mom informs me that she's taking the minions to go play at the Saltwater School playground for a while. She says it's because they need to get out, but I think it's so I can have some time to myself. I never got much of that growing up. I might have only had one brother and one sister, but there were always other people around. Once again, that's what living in a small town is. Everyone has their own house, but your friend's house is always open to you, and vice versa. What's mine is yours. I always hated it when I'd think I had the house to myself and someone would stop by and I'd have to chat, but it did mean that I never felt alone. Lonely, yes, since I didn't feel as if I had much in common with everyone here. Still, they treated me like one of their own.

You can take the girl out of Saltwater, but you can't take the Saltwater out of the girl. I'd tried, and failed.

I spend my alone time at the house taking a long shower and then starting dinner, playing the classic rock station from the old radio my parents keep in the kitchen. I'm grooving and grating cheese for the pasta when there's a knock at the door.

I knew this was too good to be true. I go to answer it before whoever it is just lets themselves in. I've had that happen before, which taught me to never walk around in a towel in my own house. I unlock the door and open it. Sawyer.

Of course.

"Is this you leaving me alone? Because you seriously suck at it. Also, shouldn't you be at work? Do you EVER work?" I put my hands on my h*ps and wait for the explanation.

"My mother sent me over, okay? Put your daggers away. I'm just here to pick up a crockpot." Sure he is. I roll my eyes, but let him in.

"Do you know where it is?" I ask.

"No, but she said that your mom had put a note on it." I have no idea what he's talking about. Mom hasn't said a word about it, and I'm guessing this is another part of some convoluted plan to get me and Sawyer to spend time alone together in the hopes that our hormones will take over and we won't be able to help ourselves, Sawyer will convince me to stay, we'll buy a cottage and have lots of sex and babies.

That's their plan, but it's not MY plan. It ain't gonna happen. Not in a few days. I can't give up what I already have at Columbia.

Sawyer follows me back to the kitchen and we start looking for the crockpot, but it's nowhere to be found. Big shocker.

"I don't know where else to look," I say, banging the last cabinet closed.

"What are you making?" he says, leaning against the counter. He doesn't seem too upset about not finding the crockpot. If it were really missing, I'm sure his mother would have his hide if he came home without it. Or at least she would have, before she lost her husband ...

"Mac and cheese. I'm sorry we didn't find it." I don't want to talk about what I'm making. I kind of just want him to leave so I can continue to enjoy my solitude.

"Looks good," he says, peering at the pile of cheese I've been grating. He's full of shit because I haven't cooked anything yet. It's just cheese and dry pasta and a giant pot of boiling water. He's lingering.

"Need any help?"

"Shouldn't you be at work?" This is the second time I've had to bring this up.

"I'm avoiding it. They're delivering bait to sell and it makes me dry heave." I don't blame him. Bait is rotting fish. If you've never smelled it, then you haven't really lived. The fishermen say that you get used to the smell, but I think they're full of shit. NO ONE could get used to that smell. Not even if you smelled it every day for a hundred years.

"So you need a hideout."

"A fortress of solitude, if you will." I roll my eyes at the Superman reference. Great. His solitude is my annoyance.

"Well, if you're going to hang around, you'd better help." I point to the boxes of pasta and the pot of water. "Dump them in and stir. If any sticks to the bottom, I'll grate your ass with this." I hold up the grater.

He shudders and goes to open the boxes of pasta.

"How's your mom doing?" I ask as he stirs the pasta and I keep grating cheese. I should have bought it pre-shredded, but they didn't have sharp cheddar, which is what my family prefers.

Sawyer sighs.

"She's, um, she's doing as well as I think can be expected. She's seeing a therapist and I think it's helping."

He's full of shit. I know Sawyer too well for him to lie to me.

"Okay, so how is she really doing?" He looks up from the pot and the pain is in full view.

"Not good, and I don't know what to do. I feel guilty that she was here and she was alone when it happened. And then I almost resent her for not getting her shit together and then I feel like an a**hole for resenting her. It's kind of like living in a tornado." Wow, some honesty. At least he's opening up to me.

"That sucks," I say, because what else is there to say? I can't tell him that I understand, because I don't. I have two parents. My grandparents are all still alive down in Florida. The only death I've ever dealt with was my childhood dog, Thunder.

"Yeah, it does." And he goes back to stirring. I feel like I should give him a hug or something, but I can't seem to cross the distance between us and make it happen.

"How's the pasta coming?"

"Not sticking," he says. "How do you know when it's done?" I give him a look. Has he never made this?

"What? The only pasta I've ever made myself is Easy Mac, and you just cook it 'til it's done."

I motion for him to get out of my way while I stick the spoon into the pot and pull out a few noodles, blowing on them so they don't burn my mouth. Then I nibble on one and gather up some more so Sawyer can try it. I hold out the spoon and he opens his mouth, sucking air in so he doesn't burn his tongue.

"See how it's still a little uncooked? We're going to put it in the oven, and it will finish cooking and soak up the sauce to make creamy awesomeness." I turn the stove off and get out the colander to drain the pasta. Sawyer takes the pot and tosses its contents in the colander and we both get a steamy pasta facial.

"It's good for your pores," I say as we both lean back and laugh. Sawyer stands clear as I assemble the pasta in our biggest casserole dish. I always make extra so my mom can portion it out and freeze it for future use.

"Thanks for your help," I say as I shove the dish in the oven and set the timer.

"I'm sure you couldn't have done it without me," he says, and I throw one of the empty pasta boxes at him. He ducks and picks it up.

Then the door opens and the screaming minions return, along with my mother.

"Sawyer!" she exclaims. So fake. She knew he was here. Now our mothers are conspiring with each other to get us together. God, it's like the entire town is pushing us together. That would not surprise me one little bit. They'd probably had a town meeting and voted on it. They'd had meetings about stranger things before.

"Hello, Mary. It's good to see you." Mom gives him a hug. Saltwater residents are huggers.

"How's your mom?" Like she doesn't know. I'm sure they talked and planned this whole thing. I go to help the minions gather their things so they can be ready when Stacy and Drew get here in a few minutes, which gives Sawyer and my mom a chance to talk. Drew and Stacy show up and collect their spawn and step-spawn and suddenly the house is quiet.

Ahhh.

"So I invited Sawyer to dinner," Mom says in a way that tells me that there will be no argument. I zip my lips as he gives me a smirk and gets out the salad bowl. He's been in my house so many hundreds of times he knows where everything is.

"So, Mom, Sawyer's mom was looking for her crockpot but we couldn't find it." She pretends to think. An actress my mother is not.

"I think I gave that back to her after the last community dinner. I'll give her a call." She goes to do just that and I give Sawyer a look.

"You know our mothers are conspiring," I say.

"Uh, yeah. What did you expect?"

"I don't know." Sawyer's mother may be grief-stricken, but she's still determined to get us back together. Maybe even more so now. That makes me feel kind of bad. Like I should go along with her, just because of what she's going through.

"Help you with the salad?" Sawyer says as my mom chatters away on the phone.

"Sure thing." The timer dings on the mac and cheese and I turn the oven off.

Dinner with Sawyer and my parents. This is going to be yet another time warp.

"So how's your mother doing?" Dad says as the four of us sit down together. My GOD, how many times is he going to have to answer this question? I'm irritated for him. He must answer this two hundred times a day. At least one time for every resident of Saltwater, and probably twice for some.

"She's doing well." This seems to be his standard answer. I don't blame him. He should just carry around a recording and play it when he talks to people. That's what I would do.

"Good to hear, good to hear. If she ever needs anything at the house, any trees taken down, you tell her to give me a call, no charge. Your daddy was a good man and he did a lot for this town. Anytime she needs anything, you tell us. Got it?"

"Yes, sir." Sawyer always calls my dad that, despite it not being the norm around here. Everyone goes either by their first name, or their nickname.

"Leave the boy alone," mom says, passing the bread around again. "He knows that we'd do anything, right Sawyer?"

"I do, thank you." Poor guy. He's probably overflowing with help. That's another thing about small towns. When something bad happens to one resident, something bad happens to all of them. We take care of our own. It's hard to remember the good things about this town when I can't help but concentrate on the bad stuff. The stuff I wanted to leave behind.

The conversation shifts to other things about the town, and soon I'm caught up on all the gossip that I've missed since I left. Marriages, divorces, affairs, babies, DUIs and all the other crap that goes on when people have too much time on their hands and no Starbucks in sight.

We talk and laugh and I am actually having a good time. Sawyer nudges me under the table and smiles at me. For some reason it makes me blush and have to duck my head so no one sees. In the process I drop my knife on the floor.

"Well you know what they say when you drop a knife," Mom says, giving me a pointed look. I have no idea what she's talking about.

"They say if you drop a knife a man will come into your life," she says, grinning at Dad as if they're sharing an inside joke.

"You have got to be kidding me," I say. Sawyer makes a choking sound that I think is to cover a laugh.

"Nope, that's what happens. I dropped a knife at dinner the night before I met your father." Okay, let's put an end to this conversation as of right now.

I start buttering my bread so everyone will stop staring at me. Yeah, that doesn't work. Mom and Dad start laughing and I want to sink through the floor. So instead I mumble something about getting a drink and go to the fridge and grab a Bud Light. I'm not much of a beer drinker, but desperate times and all. I need it right now. I crack it open on the counter and take a swig before I sit back down. Sawyer nudges me under the table and thanks my mom for the wreath that I gave him last night. That takes the heat off me and I appreciate it. He did me a solid and he'll probably rub my face in it later.

"Sawyer, would you like to take some of this home for your mom?" I get up to warm the apple crumble as Mom, Dad and Sawyer clear up the rest of the meal and put away the leftovers.

"That would be fantastic. I'm sure she'd appreciate it." The other thing that goes around this town is Tupperware. Everyone is always trading meals and leftovers, so we just sort of have community Tupperware and it just keeps going around and no one remembers who owns what.

Sawyer says goodnight and leaves, agreeing that he'll say hello to his mother and give her our regards and all that jazz. The minute the door closes behind him, my parents are both smirking at me.

"What?" I snap.

"Nothing," Mom says, looking at Dad as they go back to clean the rest of the kitchen. "Not a thing."

Chapter 7

The next day I'm busy getting my presents together for my parents and siblings. It's nothing too fancy, some new thick work gloves for Dad, some new shampoo, body wash and bath salts for Mom, a funny trucker hat for Drew and a cute tote bag for Stacy. I also have some little candies and toys for my nieces and nephews to put in their stockings. The rule at the Emerson house is that stockings are not to be hung until Christmas Eve. So many rules with Christmas.

I get everything wrapped and ready to go, but I feel like I'm missing something.

Sawyer. Of course I didn't plan on him being here, so I didn't plan on needing a present. I don't have anything to give him, and there's no way I can find anything in Saltwater that he couldn't just buy himself. It's too late to order anything online, even if I knew what to order. So I'm screwed. Gotta be creative with this one.

What in the hell could I possibly give him? I'm coming up blank. This is going to require some thought. I grab my phone and text Allison.

What would you get your ex bf for xmas?

I've got no one else to ask, and I only have to wait a few seconds for a response.

Do we want him to be an un-ex? Or do we hate him and just have to give him something?

God, wasn't that the question.

Before I could figure out what I wanted to get him, I had to figure out what I wanted it to mean. It shouldn't be too romantic, or give him any romantic ideas. I don't want him to read anything into the gift. It should be plutonic.

Plutonic gift.

I wait a few more seconds for a response.

Gift card? Blow job?

Yeah, neither of those is going to happen. Especially the second one. She is being completely unhelpful and I suspect it's on purpose.

If you don't want to help me, that's cool.

The phone rings.

"Look, I don't know this guy. I only know him from what you've told me about him. He's a guy. Guys are so hard to buy for. That's probably why I never seem to have a boyfriend around any major holiday. I think I sabotage the relationship so I don't have to buy them a present. So I'm the wrong person to ask, babe." I sigh.

"I know, but I didn't think this was going to be an issue. Why haven't I thought of this until now?"

"Uh, I don't know, but you better think of something quick. Good thing you're not Jewish, then you'd have to get him seven. I'm sure you'll come up with something. By the way, when are you getting out of there?"

That's another mysterious question. Now that I'm here, and mom's told me how much she wants me to stay ... I don't know.

"No idea, but I'll keep you posted. What's up with you?" She tells me about how her holidays are going and then launches into funny stories about her bubbe. I adore that woman. Best advice you can ever get is from my friend's Yiddish grandmother. Talking with her is sometimes like being in a Saturday Night Live sketch, only it's real.

"Okay, well let me know what you come up with, and when you're coming back. I freaking miss you," she says.

"I miss you, too. I'll keep you posted. Over and out."

"Roger, roger." She hangs up and I'm left without any ideas. I can't just get him nothing. Or not get him anything. However that's supposed to go. Well, I'm not going to get any ideas by sitting around the house.

"There you are. I was going to send one of the kids in to make sure you hadn't jumped out the window and bailed," Mom says as I walk back to the kitchen. The kids are strangely quiet, all parked in front of the television and munching on various snacks. Yup, I'm gonna have to vacuum again.

"I was wrapping presents, for your information." I grab a handful of chips from the bowl she's refreshing for the minions.

"Do you have one for Sawyer?" She asks casually, but she is definitely fishing. I don't want to talk about it, but I need advice. And she and Dad have been married for over twenty years. She knows what she's talking about when it comes to making a relationship work.

"I don't. I have no idea what to give him," I say, slumping down at the table. Mom just laughs and goes to the cupboard, getting out a coffee mug and filling it with water and then putting it in the microwave. It's instant coffee and chat time.

She gets the creamer out of the fridge. It's eggnog flavored. Once the coffee is done and I stir in the creamer, she waits for me to start talking.

"I don't know what to give him because I don't know how I feel, and I don't want to give him anything that's romantic, or that makes him think romantic things. So I'm kind of screwed."

"That is a dilemma, Ivy. That is a dilemma." She sips her coffee and waits for me to ask for her advice. She won't give it until I ask.

"Tell me what to do, I know you're dying to," I say and she beams and then leans in.

"Well, I don't want to tell you what to do, but if I were you, I'd do something that you used to do. You know him inside and out. The best answer is sometimes the simplest. What did you used to get him?"

"But if I do something like that, he's going to read something into it."

She shrugs and I sip from my own cup. "Maybe he will and maybe he won't. But if you don't do anything, you're going to feel like an a**hole, so suck it up and figure it out." Sometimes my mom rivals Allison's bubbe for her blunt advice. Shut your mouth and do it. Grow some lady balls.

Okay, I'll just do that.

Where the hell do I start?

I go to my thinking spot and park my car. It's too cold to sit on the hood, so I stay inside with the heater on and my blanket around me. The snow starts to spit again. It's been doing that, not really committing to a full storm, just teasing us with the possibility of a white Christmas.

I'd like that, while I was here. Our house looks so pretty all covered in white, like's it's been frosted. Everything keeps running as usual when we have storms, except for school, if there's a lot of snow. Everyone walks to each other's houses and hangs out and watches movies and eats snacks in front of the woodstove. I'd done that a lot with Sawyer. So many times I lost count.

And suddenly, I have an idea.

Sawyer and I had a snow day ritual, and if the weather cooperates with me, it's going to snow enough that it will be tricky driving. I just have to get a few things first.

Saltwater may not be an island, but it feels that way most of the time. To get to any sort of major town with more than a few thousand people you have to do a lot of driving. In some ways, being isolated keeps the world out, but it also keeps us in. Sheltered.

People use that an excuse to never go anywhere, seek anything else.

As I head out of town I think about how long I'm going to stay. My break goes past New Years. I have quite a few papers to write that are going to require research, but the tiny Saltwater library just outside of town has Wi-Fi and I don't think they would mind if I snuck in a mug of coffee. And it would make mom happy.

And Sawyer. There's always Sawyer.

Half an hour later I feel like I'm back in "civilization". I hit the McDonald's for a caffeine buzz, the pharmacy to get a new bottle of shampoo, and the grocery store to get the things for my present to Sawyer. I also stop at the small department store and buy an extra blanket. I always used to tease Sawyer about stealing mine, but he just said that he liked being wrapped in something that smelled like me.

Despite his career change, Sawyer still smells the same, and not like fish or bait at all. It's so bizarre that he's running his father's business. It's hard to think of him as an adult, making decisions like that. I'd kind of like to see it in action.

Mom calls me when I'm walking back to my car. The snow is supposed to get bad, so she wants me home ASAP. My car may be fashionable and sexy, but it's not too good in the snow and slush. I'm screwed if another deer comes at me, too. Flipping wildlife.

"Oh, good, you're back. I was getting worried." Dad and Drew are tramping through the house, their arms full of wood for the woodstove. Our power goes out a lot in the winter. You put a lot of snow on tree limbs and those things are going to break and snag the lines and create all sorts of issues. We have a generator, but wood for the stove is cheaper, and heats the house better.

"The kids are with Stacy getting supplies. I can't believe I forgot to get potatoes. Fingers crossed she can find some." Mom is frazzled, her hair escaping its braid and curling everywhere. She'd gone prematurely grey, but she was still a gorgeous woman. Not to be critical, but a lot of the women around here have ... um ... a kind of masculine look about them. I blame it on the hard living. Tends to harden people on the outside. But get to know them and most of them have good hearts underneath it all.

"Oh, did you figure out what you were going to get Sawyer?"

"I did," I say with a triumphant smile.

"Are you going to tell me?"

"Nope." She swats at my shoulder and I head to my room to find my thick slippers. The floors are cold right now, but they'll be warm as soon as Dad gets the fire going. I help Mom get dinner going. This is the pre-Christmas Eve dinner and it's also a tradition. We make sandwiches and chips and iced tea and have a floor picnic. I used to think everyone did this when I was little, and then I asked a few people about it, but they gave me faces like I was crazy.

"Oh, I hope you don't mind, but I invited Sawyer and Melanie over. They don't have any family coming up this year, so I didn't want them to be alone." Usually, Sawyer and his parents had relatives that came up, but this just must be an off year or something. Hearing that makes my heart hurt for him. This is one time when I absolutely don't mind her inviting him over for Christmas Eve-Eve dinner.

As soon as she says it, there's a knock at the door and then Sawyer walks in, carrying a few grocery bags, followed by his mother, Melanie, with a dish of something.

"Melanie, it's so good to see you," Mom says, rushing over to take the dish and give her a huge hug. She is a shadow of the woman I used to know. For the wife of a man who owned a lobster pound, she was always dressed to the nines, whatever that means. She had her hair done and beautiful clothes and jewelry. She was the prettiest woman in Saltwater, and one of the smartest, having a master's degree in marketing. She ran the advertising and so forth for the business, and also did a lot of volunteer work that no one ever really knew about. One of those people who was always doing good for others, but who never wanted credit for it.

Now she looks tired, and broken down. Her hair has roots and hangs limp on either side of her pale un-made up face. I've never seen her without makeup before. She's still beautiful.

Her eyes find me and she smiles.

"It's so good to see you, Ivy. It's been a long time." I give her a hug and I can't speak for a moment because I know I'll start to cry if I do.

"I'm so sorry," I choke out before I can get a grip. Sawyer's fingers brush my back and I manage to keep it together.

"Thank you so much, Ivy. Clint was very fond of you and he asked me if I knew what you were doing the day he passed." It is now a monumental effort to not cry. I don't think it's ever been harder in my life to stop myself. She seems to sense that as she squeezes my shoulder, and then goes to help my mother get everything set up in the kitchen as the minions run and scream. They seem to have only one volume right now.

"You okay?" Sawyer says in my ear. I shake my head and start walking to my room. I know I don't have to ask him to follow. He does, and closes the door behind us.

I sit on my bed and take several deep breaths. The house smells like wood smoke now, one of my favorite scents in the world.

"That was rough," I say, putting my hands on my knees. Sawyer crosses the short distance to the bed and sits down next to me. We've spent a hell of a lot of time in this room. Lots of things have happened in this room ...

I look up at him and I wonder if he's thinking about it too.

Memories flutter in my mind like butterflies, darting around, just out of my grasp. If I reach out, I could catch one and relive it again. Do I want to?

"It's been a long time since I've been in this room," he says in a low voice, as if he's afraid to be too loud. The walls aren't going to cave in.

"I know," I say, just as quiet. The noise outside the door is like a storm raging around us. But it's still and quiet here with Sawyer.

"I got you a present," I say to stop the silence from stretching too long, and also to try to bat the memories away.

"You did? You know I hate presents." He smiles and I know he's joking.

"That's such a lie. Everyone loves presents." He used to tease me like that all the time. "Now the question is, did you get me anything?"

"I might have." He did? Now I'm surprised.

"What is it?" He leans toward me and shakes his head.

"I can't tell you what it is until I give it to you. That's how this present thing works. You don't get it until Christmas. Can't break those rules."

"Rules are meant to be broken," I say as I move closer to him. His smell quickly fills the room and it's bringing those memories forward without me even having to try.

They crash on me and I know they're crashing on him too, judging by the look on his face.

"Same bed," he says, nodding at the quilt.

"Same bed," I echo.

"It seems smaller." Yeah, it does. I remember when we both had to sleep in it, curled together so neither of us fell off the edge. Sawyer's feet always dangled because he was so tall. I look into his blue eyes and he takes a shaky breath.

And the door bangs open.

"What are you doing?" Damn minions. Sawyer and I break apart as if we had been doing something illicit instead of just talking.

"Come on," I say heading for the door. No privacy in this house. We hadn't had much back then, either.

Everyone loads up their sandwiches and plates in the kitchen and gets their drinks as we head for the living room, which is strewn with pillows so everyone can sit. That's the rule. You have to sit on the floor on Christmas Eve-Eve. No chairs allowed.

Of course there's some shuffling and I end up with Sawyer on one side and my Dad on the other. Lovely. I feel like I'm under a microscope. Not that my Dad was ever very strict about me and Sawyer. Sometimes I thought my parents should have been more strict with us. They didn't mind him spending the night, or me spending the night at his place, or us being alone. But they did put the fear of God in me if I got pregnant. Did they ever. Both my siblings had children by the time they hit nineteen, but they were determined that wasn't going to be me.

Melanie is quiet, but she chats with Mom, and I do see her smile every once in a while. The minions are being wrangled by Stacy and Dulcey which does offer some form of entertainment. Especially when they decide to hang spoons on their noses, and then everyone has to do it and there's a contest to see who can do it the longest.

Sawyer wins.

"I just have a well-shaped nose," he says and we all laugh. Dessert is Christmas cookies made into ice cream sandwiches. The no chair rule is great when we all collapse from being too full. It's much easier to do when you're already on the floor and it's covered in pillows.

"This has been wonderful, thank you for having us," Melanie says. Mom pats her on the shoulder.

"You are welcome in our home anytime. You don't even have to knock."

"I told you that you shouldn't have had that last one," I say to Sawyer as he leans back on the pillows and moans.

"I know you told me, but I chose not to listen." I lean down next to him. Everyone else is too busy with their own conversations and not paying attention to us.

"See what happens when you don't listen to me? Bad things." I prop myself on my elbows and he squints at me.

"Whatever. You never listen to me." That is crap and he knows it. I smack him with a pillow and he groans.

"Cruel. That is cruel and unusual punishment."

He closes his eyes and sighs.

"I thought this Christmas was going to be awful. Without Dad, you know. We don't even have a tree, or any decorations up. Mom got them out, but neither of us wanted to put them up. He used to make a big production about it, and now it doesn't feel right. Doesn't feel like Christmas." I can understand that.

"Well, there's no law that says you have to celebrate. You're not going to get arrested by the Christmas Police. Do whatever you want." He opens his eyes and moves closer to me so our heads are right next to one another.

"I guess." The memories start fluttering again and then Sawyer coughs and turns his attention to the ceiling. Mom asks if anyone wants coffee and all the adults say yes. The minions have finally crashed and are all cuddled together in front of the television.

"We could use some more wood for the fire." Mom's voice breaks through all other conversation.

"Not it," Drew says, raising his hand. He's had a few too many beers, so it's probably not a good idea for him to do it anyway.

"I'll get some," Sawyer says, getting up.

"Oh, you don't have to do that," Mom says, but I see what she's doing. "Oh, why don't you take Ivy to help you?" Smooth. Real smooth. I can't look at her as Sawyer and I get up, put our coats on and go out the back door to the woodshed.

"Subtle, isn't she?" I say shivering. Sawyer leans against the shed and looks up at the sky. It's clear and cold and the stars are spread out. That's another thing I miss. Seeing the stars.

"As a hammer to the face," he says, laughing, his breath puffing out in clouds.

I join him and our shoulders touch.

"Do you regret it? Moving back?" I probably shouldn't ask this.

He puts his hands in his pockets and turns his head to meet my eyes.

"Honestly? Sometimes." He nods. "But I couldn't stay at school and leave Mom here all alone. I guess I just figured that some things were more important than getting my degree right now."

"But you could go to school online. Do distance learning so at least you can get some credits done."

"You're right. I could. I just feel like I'm so ... overwhelmed. Dad made it look so easy. There are just so many things to think of in a day and I get home and fall into bed and then I have to get up and do it all over again in the morning. It doesn't end. I mean, this is the off season, but it's still crazy."

"You could hire someone to help." It seems like they make enough money.

He shrugs.

"I don't know. That would feel like giving up. I know I told my father that I didn't want the business, but I never really thought about what it would be like if he wasn't here. I thought there would be time. Lots of time ..." he trails off and a tree branch snaps, making me jump.

"We should probably get the wood. It's cold out here." It's nice to talk to him again, even if I'm risking losing my nose to frostbite.

"You're right." So we both grab an armful of wood and tramp back to the house. Mom gives me a look, but I ignore it. She and I need to have a chat.

Most of the kids are falling asleep, so Drew and Stacy and their significant others pack them up and head out.

Melanie and Mom chat a little bit and I'm left alone with Sawyer again.

"Am I going to see you tomorrow?" he says.

"If my mother has anything to do with it. I'm sure she's going to invite you and your mom over." He rocks back on his heels as if he's nervous.

"Then I guess I will see you tomorrow." He gives me a little wave and goes out to start the truck up.

Melanie gives me a hug and a little smile. She looks better than she did a few hours ago.

"See you tomorrow," Mom calls out the door as they get in Sawyer's truck. She shuts the door and I cross my arms.

"They have nowhere to go, Ivy. This isn't all about you and Sawyer." Well, crap. Make me feel like a bitch.

"I know. I just wish you'd be a little more subtle about trying to push us together." She just smiles knowingly.

"What would be the fun in that?"

Chapter 8

Mom bangs the gong (not literally, but close enough) early the next morning. My body has started to adjust to the later wakeup time of vacation, so it's a rude awakening.

Both she and Dad have clearly had too much coffee already as they dash around the kitchen, peeling potatoes, roasting pumpkin seeds and chopping fruit for the fruit salad. This is one time when I wish Drew and Stacy still lived at home.

Before I'm even allowed coffee, I'm shoved in front of the apple peeler and told to get to work.

"When is Sawyer bringing over the lobsters?" Dad says as Mom chases a runaway grape.

"Um, this afternoon, I think. So they're as fresh as possible." Some people have turkey or a ham on Christmas Eve. We have lobster. This is Maine, after all.

Plus, it gives Sawyer the perfect reason to come over. If he didn't have one already. Mom is on what I like to call a "Christmas High". She's humming along with the "all Christmas, all December!" radio station and she seems lost in her own world. If there's one thing this woman loves, it's a holiday, and this is the biggest one.

After I'm finished with the apples, she sends me into the living room to start setting up crafts for when the minions get here. We have bowls of popcorn and cranberries, red and green tissue paper, snowman and wreath cutouts, cotton balls, and a million other things that my mom stores in a big bin in the attic and only brings out once a year. To me, it looks like a disaster waiting to happen, but I'll go along with it.

I realize I'm not even dressed when Stacy arrives, looking tired and irritated already. Mom hands her a cup of coffee with a nip in it and she thanks her. The kids go right for the crafts, and Mom puts me in charge.

The day passes with crafts and glue on little fingers and lopsided snowmen and munching on roasted pumpkin seeds and lots of "Jingle Bells". A LOT of "Jingle Bells". I kind of want to smash the radio, but that wouldn't be in the Christmas spirit.

Sawyer walks in without knocking and looks down at the snowman I'm making.

"He looks sad." I look up at him and he sits down next to me on the couch. The minions have abandoned the crafts to throw popcorn in each other's mouths.

"Maybe he is. He's melting. Or maybe he's got seasonal affective disorder because he doesn't get any sun." I put the finishing touches on my sad snowman and add him to the pile.

"You bring the lobsters?" He holds up a thick paper bag that is moving, just a little bit. I can hear their little legs and claws scrabbling to get out. Poor things. It must be a horrible way to go, being boiled alive.

"You ever feel bad for them?" I say, pointing to the bag as he sets it back down.

"Most people don't know where their food comes from. I know. And I know the guy who caught it and that buying these lobsters is going to help him feed his family. So I guess it's a tradeoff. Besides, I think these guys had a much better life than a cow on a farm that's going to be slaughtered to make a hamburger."

Ugh, bad topic.

Mom intervenes and when she notices Sawyer's here. He holds up the bag of lobsters and she gives him a hug as if he's her savior.

"Where's that mother of yours?"

"She's just finishing up some stuff at home, but she should be here in a few minutes." Mom takes the lobsters and puts them in the freezer. The idea is to put them into a hypothermic state so it doesn't suck so much for them when you boil them alive. Nice in theory, but probably not true.

Drew arrives and heads right for the fridge and the beer, and Dulcey and Stacy chat about kids while Sawyer and I go out to get more wood.

"Think we'll have a white Christmas?" he says, looking up at the cloudy sky. It certainly feels that way. And smells that way.

"My snow senses are tingling," I say, wiggling my fingers at him. He laughs.

"You and your snow senses. Remember that time sophomore year when you swore, up and down, that it was going to snow, but there was nothing in the weather about it and we made that bet?"

"You mean the bet you lost? I remember every bet you've lost," I say, smirking at him.

"Cockiness doesn't become you. That's what my mother always says." Yeah, my mother says something along the same lines too.

"I like to think of it as confident. Seeing as how I don't actually have a cock."

"Thank God." For some reason, this statement makes me blush. He knows for a fact that I don't have one. He's seen all of me.

"What did you get me?" I say. I'm going to pressure him like this all day until he gives in. He pretends to zip his lips.

"Not until tomorrow."

No fair.

"You suck, Sawyer McCallister."

"Only for you, Poison."

This dinner is a little more formal, which is to say that we eat at the table. There's a toast and we say grace (even though none of us go to church) and we're eating off the nice plates. The formality is almost cancelled out by the fact that everyone is wearing lobster bibs and lobster juice is flying everywhere and there's a huge pile of discarded lobster carcasses in the middle of the table.

I get to sit next to Sawyer and he keeps glancing at me and giving me looks that are making me blush. It must be the wine. Stacy brought a few bottles of cheap red and I've had a couple of glasses. My face tends to blush a lot more easily when I'm drinking. I keep glancing at his mom and I can see her watching us.

As soon as dinner is over and coffee is served to the adults, and hot cocoa to the kids, we all retire to the living room to watch It's a Wonderful Life, another tradition. Mom grabs my arm and shoves me toward the recliner as everyone else takes the couch. There aren't a whole lot of places to sit, so extra chairs are brought in. I see Mom whisper something to Sawyer and he walks over to me.

"Care to share?" Back in high school, we always used to sit here and cuddle when he came over while my parents were on the couch.

I move over, but there's only so much room. The only way we can both sit is if I'm half on top of him, which was Mom's plan all along.

Why doesn't she just shove the two of us in my room, lock the door and tell us that we're not allowed out until we've re-consummated our relationship? Actually, it wouldn't shock me if she did that.

But I get up and he sits down and pats his lap. I give him a look that means, "No funny business" before I sit down next to/on top of him.

"Does everyone have everything they need?" One of the minions calls for more whipped cream, so Mom brings that. It's unlikely that they'll sit still for this whole movie. It's also Christmas Eve and they're all hopped up about Santa.

"Should I tell them that Santa is an anagram of Satan?" Sawyer whispers in my ear.

"Sure, if you want to crush their sweet little souls," I respond. He laughs softly, and it tickles.

I shift a little, and find the exact right place to lie against Sawyer. I've done this enough times to know right where I fit. Another time warp.

Sawyer waits for me to adjust and then nudges me with his shoulder to sit up so he can put his arm around me. I let him get away with it because protesting won't get me anywhere. Besides, it's more comfy this way.

The wine is making me sleepy and I'm all warm, and it's like my body is associates Sawyer with being comfortable. I've never been as relaxed with another human as I am with him. Not even Allison.

His hand starts playing with my hair, and I'm not even sure if he's aware that he's doing it. When we were kids, he used to tug on my curls, but then it transformed into him playing with them, wrapping them around his fingers, pulling them and watching them spring back. I never knew my hair could be that amusing.

There are no comments allowed during the viewing of the movie, per my mother. Anyone caught talking or making comments will be given the hairy eyeball and sent to bed without supper. This includes the kids, who are busy stuffing their faces with pumpkin seeds and popcorn.

Sawyer makes a comment about Jimmy Stewart and I shush him. He knows the rules.

As the movie rolls on and George Bailey decides that suicide is the best method of getting out of losing a bunch of money, I get more tired and let my eyes close while Sawyer's hands continue to run through my hair.

"Merry Christmas, Poison." A voice says, waking me up. My eyes open and it takes a second to remember where I am. Not on the recliner, that's for sure.

"You fell asleep," Sawyer says in explanation. We're in my room, and it's dark and quiet.

"What time is it?"

"Just after midnight. Wanted to wish you a Merry Christmas. Look outside." I sit up and peer out the window and see that there are about two inches of white covering everything and more is falling.

"Why are you still here?" I'm not trying to be rude.

"I took Mom home and came back. She was tired, so she went to bed and I didn't want to sit at home alone. You've never complained about me sneaking into your room before." That is true, and he's done it more times than I can count.

I get up and stretch.

"Stupid wine," I say.

"You could never hold your wine. Glad to see that hasn't changed."

Not much has changed. The more time I spend with him, the more I realize that. They say time heals, but time doesn't make you forget.

"What did you get me?"

"Well, that's another reason I'm here. Your present is something that we're going to be doing in just a few hours. Do you think you can sneak out and get back before your parents notice? I don't want to kidnap you from your family celebration."

"No, I think we'll be fine. Drew and Stacy are doing their family thing in the morning and then they're coming over. The only ones who get up early are the kids, but they aren't here." Thank God. I don't know if I could deal with that.

"Perfect. Well, I'll let you get back to sleep." He goes for the door, but I don't want him to be all alone.

"Wait. You can stay." He turns and I can't read his expression in the dark.

"Are you sure?"

"It makes me sad to think of you being alone."

"Yeah." Sometimes the things you want to say don't need to be said. They're just ... understood.

Sawyer comes back and takes his jacket off and sets it on the floor. I get up and find my pajamas. He turns his back and I change quickly in the small space. He takes his shirt off over his head, and then hesitates before taking his pants off.

"I've seen it before, Sawyer. It's not going to shock me." I pull the blankets back and wait for him to get in. He always slept on the wall side, with me on the outside.

He gets in and I get in after him, pulling the covers over both of us.

The last time we slept like this, neither of us was wearing anything.

My body blazes with awareness of him. He's kind of impossible to ignore, since the bed is so small, and I've been in it with him so many times. His arm goes around me and pulls me into his chest. I shift so I fit in the right place. Sawyer makes a little sound in his throat.

"Goodnight," I say, but I don't close my eyes.

Sawyer's arm tightens around me and his breathing starts getting a little harsh. I also feel his pounding heart on my back.

And something else, a little lower down ...

Chapter 9

Sawyer tries to shift and move away from me to hide his hard-on, but there's really no place for him to go. He's squirming and it's just getting worse and I have to make a decision. Ignore it, get mad at him, or do something about it.

I choose the last thing. Reaching behind me, I find the bulge in his boxers and stroke it. His breath stops as I remove my hand and then turn over to face him.

"That's not my present, is it?" I whisper as his eyes glow through the darkness.

"No. It's not. But you can unwrap it anyway. If you want."

"Okay." It's only one word, but it breaks the barrier I've been putting between the memories and the present. It almost shatters like glass and everything rushes forward and then I'm kissing him. But this time I'm not stopping. My hands are busy too, racing all over his body, touching all the places I remember so well. His are going through my hair and then are tugging at my shirt until it's off and on the floor. He doesn't ask me if I'm sure. He doesn't ask me to slow down. He doesn't have to. He knows.

I don't care that I'm leaving and he's staying. I don't care that my parents are not that far away. I don't care about anything but his body and mine and what they can do together.

Both of us make little desperate sounds as the rest of our clothes hit the floor. His lips leave my mouth and move down my neck and then down further. He knows exactly what I like and where I like it. Learning had been fun when we were younger, but being sure is something else altogether. His mouth goes first to one nipple and then the other, giving them equal attention as I arch my back. He rolls us so I'm on my back and then kisses his way down my stomach, dipping his tongue into my bellybutton, which makes the ache in my core intensify. He'd discovered that was one of the "buttons" he could push that would send me over the edge.

I moan and he moves even lower and I regret the fact that I've stopped grooming down there because I didn't see much of a point, but Sawyer doesn't seem to care as he closes his mouth over my clit. One of the fabulous things about Sawyer is that he isn't afraid to do anything like that. Allison had told me about her first boyfriend who would thrust a few times, give her a kiss and call it good. Sawyer was always concerned with me enjoying myself as much as he did, and it appears he still is.

"Oh, Sawyer," I moan as he sucks on my cl*t and then plunges one of his fingers into me. I can totally take the credit for teaching him how to do this. He moves just how I want him to, adding a second finger to the first and increasing the pressure on my cl*t and driving me over the edge, first once and then a second time. My body is complete jelly as he crawls back upward. We've barely said anything, almost as if talking will burst the bubble we're in. I would work on him with my hands and my mouth, but I don't think there's time.

I also don't think there's time for protection, and part of me wants to say, "fuck it," and take the risk, but my common sense tells me that's not the best idea.

Sawyer's arms are shaking as he holds himself over me. Then I remember that I probably still have some leftover in the drawer of the tiny table beside my bed. From last time. Hopefully they haven't expired. Not sure how long those suckers last, but I reach behind me and pull one out, holding it up so he can see it.

"Oh thank God," he says as I tear it open and hand it to him so he can roll it on. As soon as that sucker is on, he's positioning himself and then he's inside me with one hard thrust that pushes me into the mattress.

"Jesus Christ," Sawyer says, closing his eyes before he pulls back and thrusts again. He picks up my legs and throws them over his shoulders so he can get deep. I remember the first time we tried this position and I wonder if he does. He picks up the pace and I thrust my h*ps up to meet him as we both drive each other over the edge again. I've got so much pent up that I come again, tightening around him and he comes too, much quicker than we have in the past.

He exhales and his arms shake as he lowers my legs and then himself on top of me. Both of us are covered in sweat and I have to catch my breath. He moves us so that we're facing each other. With one hand, he pushes some of my hair back.

"Merry Christmas," he says and gives me a soft sweet kiss.

"Merry ... Christmas," I say, punctuating each word with a kiss. Who needs mistletoe?

Sawyer and I wish each other "Merry Christmas" for the rest of the night, stopping only when we're absolutely exhausted. We have a lot of time to make up for, it appears.

God I forgot how much I missed sex. I'd thought about having a fling with a random guy just to get off, but I could never go through with it. He'd do something and I'd realize he wasn't Sawyer and then I didn't find him attractive at all. None of them were him.

"I missed you, but I missed this, too," he says as the dawn light starts to creep into the room. It's almost time for us to sneak out for my surprise and we've barely gotten any sleep. I don't mind.

"I missed you. And your cock." He groans when I say the last word. I'd learned early on when we'd started hav**g s*x that saying that turned him on. I wasn't fond of the word, but I liked getting him going.

"You're asking for it, Poison."

"Bring it on, McCallister." He growls and throws me on my back, but I put my hand to his mouth to shut him up.

"I heard a noise," I say, straining to listen. Sawyer freezes and listens as well.

There's a sound like a chainsaw being revved and then it stops. Just Dad snoring. Nothing to panic about.

Sawyer presses his forehead against mine and chuckles.

"Close."

"Very close," I say, and then we're getting really close. Again.

"As much as I would love to stay like this with you all day, your surprise is waiting," Sawyer says a while later. I don't think I can move, but he gets up and finds some clothes out of my drawer and tosses them to me. Leggings, my thickest jeans, a tank top, flannel shirt, sweater and two pairs of thick socks. Then he goes to my closet and pulls out my warmest fleece-lined boots.

What the hell are we doing that I would need to bundle up that much for? I'm wildly curious. But he won't tell me a word as I get dressed. By the time I'm done, I'm sweating again and I feel like I'm being suffocated.

"You'll thank me, I swear."

At least I'm warm when we get back in his truck after brushing off the several inches of snow that cover it. Luckily, it was the fluffy kind so we didn't have to spend forever scraping off the windshield.

"We have to make one more stop before you get your present."

"The suspense is killing me," I say, tugging at my clothes. It's like wearing a sauna.

"Don't die yet, Poison. Not until your surprise."

"If the suspense doesn't kill me, the heat might." I fan myself, but it's no use. I roll down the window and suck some of the cold air into my lungs. Ah. Better.

Sawyer grumbles at me, but I don't care. This is my present. He'll get his later.

The quick stop we have to make is at his house, for him to bundle up as much as I am and to grab some things that he throws in the back of the truck, after making me close my eyes so I won't know.

We drive real slow down to the Lobster Pound. I've been here a few times, but not in a very long time. It's absolutely empty, so he drives through the parking lot and actually onto the dock.

"What are we doing?" I say as he parks and turns the truck off.

"Come with me," he says and we both get out. He goes to the back of the truck and gets out two sets of waders and matching jackets. They're made of rubber, for fishermen to protect their clothes from getting wet, with boots attached to the waders. I put mine on over my clothes. Sawyer made sure to get ones big enough to fit over my extra layers. Once I have them on, he plunks a matching hat on my head and gets dressed himself. We're brilliant orange from head to foot, and I've never felt like more of a dork.

"You look adorable," he says in response to my pout. And then he makes me pose for pictures that he takes with his phone.

"I want to remember this."

Yeah, me too.

We walk down the dock and he helps me down a ladder and into a dinghy. This can only mean one thing. He starts up the motor and we go just a little ways out and stop right beside a lobster boat called Melyer.

"It's for Melanie and Sawyer. This was my Dad's boat," he says, pulling me aboard. I've never been on a lobster boat before, despite growing up in this town. So many of my classmates worked on them in the summers to earn cash, but there was no way in hell I was going to do that. I would rather have sold my organs.

But this is different. Sawyer starts the boat up and takes the helm. Is it called the helm on a lobster boat? I have no idea. Apparently, I know nothing about boats.

But Sawyer does. He's confident as he steers the boat out of the harbor and into the open ocean, increasing the speed. I stand next to him, watching him as he handles it like he was born to it.

Very sexy.

Morning fog hangs over the ocean, but the sun is starting to rise and burn it off. It's absolutely magical. Sawyer slows the boat and then stops it. All I can see is ocean. The only sound is the waves lapping against the sides of the boat.

"Wow," I whisper, not wanting to shatter the calm.

"This is your present. I wanted you to see what you've been missing while you've been at Columbia." He turns and goes to sit on the side of the boat where there's a bench to stack the traps. I go and sit beside him.

He's right, it is cold out here, and I'm glad he made me put on the extra gear so my clothes don't get wet. Fine way to get hypothermia.

"After ... After everything happened with Dad, I came out here almost every day. Mostly during off times when none of the other boats were out. I needed the calm and the solitude. I never told anyone that I was doing it, and no one ever asked or bothered me about it when I would disappear. I could ... think out here. Like you with your parking spot." I smile at him and move closer so he can put his arm around me. The cold smell of the ocean can't cut through his natural Sawyer smell, and he kisses my forehead.

"I thought about you out here. So many times. I know this is all happening so fast, but ... I can't lose you again, Ivy." He holds my face so I can't look away from his eyes as he says it.

"I don't know how it could work, but I want to try. I want to fight. I was a coward last time, but I'm not anymore. If losing my dad has taught me anything, it's that you have to hold onto who you care about while you have them, because they could be gone in an instant. I'm not asking for the world. I'm just asking for a second chance." His words aren't rehearsed, but I can tell that he's thought about them hundreds of times before. So have I. His eyes plead with me to give him an answer.

"I've thought about you too. I think about you, all the time. Everything reminds me of you. I always thought about asking Mom for news, or looking you up online. When I left, the only thing I was really devastated to leave behind was you." I put my hand up and hold his face. It's wet from the sea spray, and I bet if kissed him right now, he'd taste of the ocean.

"This is the best present I've gotten, Sawyer. I love it and ... I love you. I never stopped. Never for a single second. I carried it with me when I left and I brought it back. I tried to get rid of you, but I couldn't. You're too much a part of me." I've never said any of this out loud. Not even when we were together. I didn't have to say it, we both just knew.

"And you're a part of me and I love you."

Our dual declaration makes us both smile and Sawyer picks me up and kisses me.

He tastes like the ocean.

Chapter 10

I don't start panicking about how our relationship is going to work like I thought I would. Instead, I bask in the fact that Sawyer's hand is in mine and when I go back to my house, he's coming with me and we will keep holding hands.

"Is there any mistletoe in your house?" he asks as we park back in my driveway. When we left the house I was sweating, but now I'm freezing. And starving. And I REALLY need coffee. I grumbled at Sawyer about that not being part of his plan, but he said he was so nervous he forgot that part.

I forgave him.

"Uh no. But there should be. Not that we need it to kiss. I'm sure Mom is going to cry when we tell her. Like, actual tears. And my mother doesn't cry in front of people."

We hold hands and enter the house. Oops.

"Well, look who decided to make an appearance," Mom says, glaring, but when she sees our joined hands, the cup of coffee she'd been holding crashes to the floor.

"What the hell?" Dad says, staring at the cup. Mom just runs over and envelops Sawyer and me in the huggiest of hugs.

"This is the best present ever!" And then my mother does something that I didn't think was possible. She squeals. Like a little fangirl at a vampire movie premiere. She squeals and claps her hands and then she wipes her eyes. Dad is looking at her as if she has lost her damn mind, which I'm pretty sure she has.

"Can't you see it? Sawyer and Ivy are together. It's a Christmas miracle." She squeals again and goes to get the broom. Dad just shakes his head.

"Congrats you two. Knew it would work out in the end. You've certainly made your mother happy." He shakes Sawyer's hand, gives me a rough kiss on my forehead and goes to help Mom clean up the mess.

"Merry Christmas," I say to Sawyer, tilting my face up.

"Merry Christmas. Who needs mistletoe?"

"Not us."

Sawyer leaves right after Mom forces a cup of coffee, eggs, bacon, pancakes and some toast onto him. He says he's just going to get his mother and then he'll be back.

Meanwhile, I eat and then my siblings descend with their spawn, who are all hopped up on sugar and toys and Christmas magic.

Mom lets them go straight for their stockings, and about five seconds later the floor is strewn with paper and wrappers and they're all silent because their mouths are full of candy and so forth. Wow. Not a bad idea. I write that one down for when I potentially have children. I've always thought that I would, and now that Sawyer and I are ... whatever we are, I can almost see it. Our children. They'd be much less noisy and irritating, of course.

I go take a quick shower and let my hair dry naturally so it curls for when Sawyer gets back. I know he likes it better that way. I also put all of the things for his present in my car so we can drive over to his place later. I haven't told Mom that's what I'm doing, but something tells me she won't mind.

As soon as the kids are busy with their new things, the "adults" (I use that term loosely) go for their presents. I'm just unwrapping a pair of hand-knitted (by my mother) mittens when Sawyer and his mother come back.

"Where's my present?" he says as he sits down with me in the recliner. I stick my tongue out at him as Mom opens the shampoo and things I got her.

"Patience, McCallister. Patience."

After the presents have been exchanged, and everything has been exclaimed over and pictures have been taken, pizza is ordered and I tell Mom that Sawyer and I are going to have some more alone time.

"Oh, going to give him a present." She says it in a way that makes me screw up my face and utter a disgusted sound. "Go, be young. Have fun." I give her a hug and then go around and give everyone else hugs. Sawyer and I take our own cars, and I have to take it slow. The snow is still falling.

Yay for white Christmas. I'm finally in the mood and sing "Jingle Bells" at the top of my lungs all the way to Sawyer's.

"Where's my present?" he says the second I walk in the door.

"Right here." I hold up the basket that contains his present. Well, it's more than one thing.

"Give it to me." He holds his hands out and I place the basket in them.

"Greedy much? Christmas is about giving, not receiving."

"Well, I'm sure there will be plenty of giving and receiving later." He waggles his eyebrows and I push him toward the couch so he can go through the little packages in the basket.

"Since you didn't get me a card, I got you one." He goes for that first. It's not much, just a photograph of a snow-covered lobster trap.

"With all my heart, Ivy," he reads. I didn't sign that until this morning. I'd spent way too long trying to figure out what to say, and had only come up with that in the eleventh hour.

"Thank you, Poison." I'm rewarded with a kiss. Then he opens the rest of the presents: a package of pencils, rubber bands, pens, a fold out bullseye, marshmallows, a box of Rice Krispies, and a stick of butter. To the casual observer, these would seem a random assortment, but Sawyer knows exactly what they're for.

He smiles as he looks down at all of the things in the basket.

"This is the most perfect present ever. What should we do first?"

"Crossbows. Definitely."

We take the pencils, rubber bands and pens and get to work making tiny little crossbows. Sawyer taught me to do this during an inside recess in second grade and we'd gotten in trouble for shooting them more times than I could count. Once, Sawyer shot one at a teacher and it got caught in her wig and she didn't notice. We both got in big trouble for laughing the whole day.

As soon as our crossbows are done, we set up the bullseye and start shooting.

"Your aim may be true, my lady, but you do not have the focus that I, as a man have," he says in a fake British accent.

"A pox on your manhood! I can do anything that a man can do and I can do it better. Die, rogue!"

Part of making pencil crossbows is pretending you're back in medieval times at an archery tournament. Obviously.

Once I've beaten Sawyer soundly with my pencil crossbow, we get to part two. Rice Krispie treats.

Fifteen minutes later we're molding our treats into little snowmen and putting them on sheets of wax paper.

"You'd better take some of these home with you or your nieces and nephews are going to be upset," he says, setting down another snowman.

"Those kids don't need any more sugar." I swear, their blood must be at least 75 percent sugar by now.

Once the snowmen have hardened, we go to town biting off their heads and causing Rice Krispie snowman carnage. I hold one out and Sawyer takes a bite as I sit on his lap on the couch. The snow is still falling and soft instrumental Christmas music plays.

"Are you happy?" I say as he licks my fingers. Pretty soon that's going to turn into something else ... Even though we'd spent a lot of nak*d time together already, it doesn't make up for two years' worth of not being together.

"Am I horrible person if I say yes?"

"Why would you be a horrible person?"

"Because none of this would have happened if my Dad hadn't passed away." I notice he avoids saying that his dad died. I don't blame him.

"Not true. You would have come home to see your parents anyway and we would have met up. This was inevitable. You and I are inevitable. Unstoppable." I smile and give him a sticky, sweet kiss.

"He would want you to be happy," I say as I start lifting his shirt.

"Okay, we need to stop talking about my dad when you're doing that."

"Agreed," I say and we both shut up as our mouths meet in a searing kiss.

Chapter 11

Three weeks later I'm back at school and Sawyer-less. We spent the rest of my break with barely any time apart. He did have to go to work, but he started delegating some of his duties to some of the other guys, and he became a lot less stressed. I even convinced him to start looking at going to college online so he could get caught up on the semester he missed. His mom's doing better and I think she's going to be ready to take over for him soon, so he'll be able to go back to school full time. That's all I want for him, and I think that's what she wants for him too.

It was the hardest thing, saying goodbye to him, but it was even hard saying goodbye to my family. Mom makes me swear I'll be back for spring break, and I promise that I will, and not just to see Sawyer. I feel like I had left my family behind, but they waited for me to come back to them. I need them in my life. They're a part of me again and I can't leave them behind anymore. I'd sooner cut off my arm.

Columbia isn't the same when I get back. It feels too big, too chaotic. Not as glittery and fun as it used to be. There's too much noise, too many people and too much going on. I'm thrilled to see Allison and tell her about Sawyer. She's over the moon and demands that I take her home with me on spring break to meet him. I have no idea where she's going to stay, but she says she doesn't care. She's never heard me talk so much about my hometown before and she's all excited about going there now. Who knew?

I'm just walking back to my apartment when someone calls my name. I ignore it and keep walking.

"Poison Ivy!" That makes me stop. I turn and a businessman nearly crashes into me. He curses me out and when he moves, there he is. My Sawyer.

I scream with glee and take off, running to meet him. He knows what I'm going to do, so he holds his arms out and catches me as I jump, only stumbling back a little bit.

"What are you doing here?" I say as the crowd streams around us, too busy with their own lives to care about the crazy people.

"I came to see you. I've got three days off and I intend to spend them with you. Besides, I want a rematch with pencil crossbows." He sets me down and gives me a kiss.

"You're going down, McCallister," I say with a sweet smile.

"It's ON, Poison." We kiss again and someone yells at us to get a room.

"Come on, Allison is dying to meet you," I say as I take his hand and lead him down the street. The city feels a whole lot smaller and friendlier with my little piece of Saltwater walking next to me.

There is no place like home.

