Rowan, Kestrel, and Jade," Mary-Lynnette said as she and Mark passed the old Victorian farmhouse.

"Huh?"

"Rowan. And Kestrel. And Jade. The names of thegirls who're moving in." Mary-Lynnette tilted herhead toward the farmhouse-her hands were full of lawn chair. "They're Mrs. Burdock's nieces. Don't you remember I told you they were coming to live with her?"

"Vaguely," Mark said, readjusting the weight of the telescope he was carrying as they trudged up the manzanita-covered hill. He spoke shortly, which Mary-Lynnette knew meant he was feeling shy.

"They're pretty names," she said. "And they must be sweet girls, because Mrs. Burdock said so."

"Mrs. Burdock is crazy."

"She's just eccentric. And yesterday she told meher nieces are all beautiful. I mean, I'm sure she's prejudiced and everything, but she was pretty definite. Each one of them gorgeous, each one a completely different type."

"So they should be going to California," Mark saidin an almost-inaudible mutter. "They should be posing for Vogue.Where do you want this thing?" he added as they reached the top of the hill.

"Right here." Mary-Lynnette put the lawn chairdown. She scraped some dirt away with her foot so the telescope would sit evenly. Then she said casually, "You know, I thought maybe we could go over there tomorrow and introduce ourselves-sort of welcome them, you know...."

"Will you cut itout?"Mark said tersely. "I can organize my own life. If I want to meet a girl, I'll meet a girl. I don't need help."

"Okay, okay. You don't need help. Be careful withthat focuser tube-"

"And besides, what are we going to say?" Mark said, on a roll now. "'Welcome to Briar Creek, where nothing ever happens. Where there are more coyotes than people. Where if you really want some excitement you can ride into town and watch theSaturday night mouse racing at the Gold Creek Bar....'"

"Okay. Okay." Mary-Lynnette sighed. She-looked at her younger brother, who just at the moment was illuminated by the last rays of sunset. To see him now, you'd think he'd never been sick a day in hislife.

His hair was as dark and shiny as Mary Lynnette's, his eyes were as blue and clear and snapping. He had the same healthy tan as she did; thesame glow of color in his cheeks.

But when he'd been a baby, he'd been thin andscrawny and every breath had been a challenge.His asthma had been so bad he'd spent most of his second year in an oxygen tent, fighting to stay alive.

Mary-Lynnette, a year and a half older, had won dered every day if her baby brother would ever come home.

It had changed him, being alone in that tent whereeven their mother couldn't touch him. When hecame out he was shy and clingy-holding on to theirmother's arm all the time. And for years he hadn'tbeen able to go out for sports like the other kids. That was all a long time ago-Mark was going to bea junior in high school this year-but he was still shy. And when he got defensive, he bit people's heads off.

Mary-Lynnette wished one of the new girls would be right for him, draw him out a bit, give him confidence. Maybe she could arrange it somehow....

"What are you thinking about?" Mark asked suspiciously.

Mary-Lynnette realized he was staring at her.

"About how the seeing's going to be really good tonight," she said blandly. "August's the best month for starwatching; the air's so warm and still. Hey,there's the first star-you can make a wish."

She pointed to a bright point of light above the southern horizon. It worked; Mark was distracted and looked, too.

Mary-Lynnette stared at the back of his dark head.If it would do any good, I'd wish for romance for you, she thought. I'd wish it for myself, too-but what would be the point? There's nobody around here to be romantic with.

None of the guys at school--except maybe JeremyLovett-understood why she was interested in as tronomy, or what she felt about the stars. Most ofthe time Mary-Lynnette didn't care-but occasionally she felt a vague ache in her chest. A longing to ... share. If she hadwished, it would have been for that, for someone to share the night with.

Oh, well. It didn't help to dwell on it. And besides,although she didn't want to tell Mark, what they were wishing on was the planet Jupiter, and not a star at all.

Mark shook his head as he tramped down the path that wound through buckbrush and poison hemlock.

He should have apologized to Mary-Lynnette beforeleaving-he didn't like being nasty to her. In fact, she was the one person he usually tried to be decent to.

But why was she always trying to fix him? To the point of wishing on stars. And Mark hadn't really made a wish, anyway. He'd thought, if I was making a wish, which I'm not because it's hokey and stupid, it would be for some excitement around here.

Something wild, mark thought-and felt an innershiver as he hiked downhill in the gathering darkness.

Jade stared at the steady, brilliant point of lightabove the southern horizon. It was a planet, she knew.

For the last two nights she'd seen it moving across the sky, accompanied by tiny pinpricks of light that must be its moons. Where she came from, nobody was in the habit of wishing on stars, but this planet seemed like a friend-a traveler, just like her. As Jade watched it tonight, she felt a sort of concentration of hope rise inside her. Almost awish.

Jade had to admit that they weren't off to a very promising start. The night air was too quiet; there wasn't the faintest sound of a car coming. She wastired and worried and beginning to be very, very hungry.

Jade turned to look at her sisters.

"Well, where is she?"

"I don't know," Rowan said in her most doggedly gentle voice. "Be patient."

"Well, maybe we should scan for her.

"No," Rowan said. "Absolutely not. Remember what we decided."

"She's probably forgotten we were coming," Kestrel said. "I told you she was getting senile."

"Don't saythings like that. It's not polite," Rowan said, still gentle, but through her teeth.

Rowan was always gentle when she could manageit. She was nineteen, tall, slim, and stately. She had cinnamon-brown eyes and warm brown hair that cascaded down her back in waves.

Kestrel was seventeen and had hair the color of old gold sweeping back from her face like a bird's wings. Her eyes were amber and hawklike, and she was never gentle.

Jade was the youngest, just turned sixteen, and she didn't look like either of her sisters. She had white-blond hair that she used as a veil to hide behind, and green eyes. People said she looked serene, but she almost never felt serene. Usually she was either madly excited or madly anxious and confused.

Right now it was anxious. She was worried about her battered, half-century-old Morocco leather suitcase. She couldn't hear a thing from inside it.

00 "Hey, why don't you two go down the road a little way and see if she's coming?"

Her sisters looked back at her. There were few things that Rowan and Kestrel agreed on, but Jade was one of them. She could see that they were about to team up against her.

"Now what?" Kestrel said, her teeth showing just briefly.

And Rowan said, "You're up to something. What are you up to, Jade?"

Jade smoothed her thoughts and her face out and just looked at them artlessly. She hoped.

They stared back for a few minutes, then looked at each other, giving up. "We're going to have to walk, you know," Kestrel said to Rowan.

"There are worse things than walking," Rowansaid. She pushed a stray wisp of chestnut-colored hair off her forehead and looked around the bus stationwhich consisted of a three-sided, glass-walled cubicle,and the splintering wooden bench. "I wish there was a telephone."

"Well, there isn't. And it's twenty miles to BriarCreek," Kestrel said, golden eyes glinting with a kind of grim enjoyment. "We should probably leave our bags here."

Alarm tingled through Jade. "No, no. I've got allmy--all my clothes in there. Come on, twenty milesisn't so far." With one hand she picked up her cat carrier-it was homemade, just boards and wiresand with the other she picked up the suitcase. She got quite a distance down the road before she heard the crunch of gravel behind her. They were following: Rowan sighing patiently, Kestrel chuckling softly, her hair shining like old gold in the starlight.

The one-lane road was dark and deserted. But notentirely silent there were dozens of tiny night sounds, all adding up to one intricate, harmonizing night stillness. It would have been pleasant, except that Jade's suitcase seemed to get heavier with everystep, and she was hungrier than she had ever beenbefore. She knew better than to mention it to Rowan, but it made her feel confused and weak.

Just when she was beginning tothink she would have to put the suitcase down and rest, she heard a new sound.

It was a car, coming from behind them. The engine was so loud that it seemed to take a long time to get close to them, but when it passed, Jade saw that itwas actually going very fast. Then there was a rattling of gravel and the car stopped. It backed up and Jade saw a boy looking through the window at her.

There was another boy in the passenger seat. Jade looked at them curiously.

They seemed to be about Rowan's age, and theywere both deeply tanned. The one in the driver's seat had blond hair and looked as if he hadn't washed ina while. The other one had brown hair. He was wear ing a vest with no shirt underneath. He had a toothpick in his mouth.

They both looked back at Jade, seeming just as curious as she was. Then the driver's window slid down. Jade was fascinated by how quickly it went.

"Need a ride?" the driver said, with an oddly bright smile. His teeth shone in contrast to his dingy face.

Jade looked at Rowan and Kestrel, who were just catching up. Kestrel said nothing, but looked at the car through narrow, heavy-lashed amber eyes. Rowan's brown eyes were very warm.

"We sure would," she said, smiling. Then, doubtfully, "But we're going to Burdock Farm. It may be out of your way...."

"Oh, hey, I know that place. It's not far," the onein the vest said around his toothpick. "Anyway, anything for a lady," he said, with what seemed to be an attempt at gallantry. He opened his door and got out of the car. "One of you can sit up front, and I can sit in back with the other two. Lucky me, huh?" he said to the driver.

"Lucky you," the driver said, smiling largely again. He opened his door, too. "You go on and put that cat carrier in front, and the suitcases can go in the trunk," he said.

Rowan smiled at Jade, and Jade knew what she was thinking. Iwonder if everybody out here is so friendly? They distributed their belongings and thenpiled in the car, Jade in the front with the driver, Rowan and Kestrel in the back on either side of the vested guy. A minute later they were flying downthe road at what Jade found a delightful speed, gravel crunching beneath the tires.

"I'm Vic," the driver said.

"I'm Todd," the vested guy said.

Rowan said, "I'm Rowan, and this is Kestrel. That'sJade up there."

"You girls friends?"

"We're sisters," Jade said.

"You don't look like sisters."

"Everybody says that." Jade meant everybody theyhad met since they'd run away. Back home, everybodyknew they were sisters, so nobody said it.

"What are you doing out here so late?" Vic asked. "It's not the place for nice girls."

"We're not nice girls," Kestrel explained absently.

"We're trying to be," Rowan said reprovingly through her teeth. To Vic, she said, "We were waiting for our great-aunt Opal to pick us up at the bus stop, but she didn't come. We're going to live at Burdock Farm."

"Old lady Burdock is your aunt?" Todd said, removing his toothpick. "That crazy old bat?" Vic turned around to look at him, and they both laughed and shook their heads.

Jade looked away from Vic. She stared down at the cat carrier, listening for the little squeaking noises that meant Tiggy was awake.

She felt just slightly ... uneasy. She sensed something. Even though these guys seemed friendly, there was something beneath the surface. But she was toosleepy-and too light-headed from hunger-to figure out exactly what it was.

Rowan was still looking polite and puzzled, but Kestrel looked at the car door on her side thoughtfully. Jade knew what she was looking for-a handle.There wasn't one.

"Too bad," Vic said. "This car's a real junkheap; you can't even open the back doors from inside."

He grabbed Jade's upper arm so hard she could feel pressure on the bone. "Now, you girls just be nice and nobody's going to get hurt."

They seemed to drive a long time beforeVic spoke again.

"You girls ever been to Oregon before?"

Jade blinked and murmured a negative.

"It's got some pretty lonely places," Vic said. "Outhere, for example. Briar Creek was a gold rush town, but when the gold ran out and the railroad passed it by, it just died. Now the wilderness is taking it back."

His tone was significant, but Jade didn't understand what he was trying to convey.

"It does seem peaceful;" Rowan said politely from the backseat.

Vic made a brief snorting sound. "Yeah, well, peaceful wasn't exactly what I meant. I meant, take this road. These farmhouses are miles apart, right? Ifyou screamed, there wouldn't be anyone to hearyou."

Jade blinked. What a strange thing to say. Rowan, still politely making conversation, said, "Well, you and Todd would."

"I mean, nobody else," Vic said, and Jade could feel his impatience. He had been driving more and more slowly. Now he pulled the car off to the side of the road and stopped. Parked.

"Nobody outthere is going to hear," he clarified,turning around to look into the backseat. Jade looked, too, and saw Todd grinning, a wide bright grin with teeth clenched on his toothpick.

"That's right," Todd said. "You're out here alone with us, so maybe you'd better listen to us, huh?"

You see, we're both lonely guys," Todd said from the back. ""There aren't any girls our age aroundhere,

so we're lonely. And then when we comeacross three nice girls like you-well, we just natu rally want to

get to know you better. Understand?"

"So if you girls play along, we can all have fun," Vic put in.

"Fun-oh, no," Rowan said, dismayed. Jade knew she had caught part of Vic's thought and was

tryingvery hard not to pry further. "Kestrel and Jade are much too young for anything like that. I'm sorry,

butwe have to say no."

"I won't do it even whenI amold enough," Jade said. "But that isn't what these guys mean anyway

they mean this." She projected some of the images she was getting from Vic into Rowan's mind.

"Oh, dear," Rowan said flatly. "Jade, you know we agreed not to spy on people like that."

Yeah, but look what they're thinking, Jade said soundlessly, figuring that if she had broken one rule, she

might as well break them all.

"Now, look," Vic said in a tone that showed he knew he was losing control of the situation. He

reached out and grabbed Jade's other arm, forcingher to face him. "We're not here to talk. See?" He

gave her a little shake. Jade studied his features a moment, then turned her head to look inquiringly into

the backseat.

Rowan's face was creamy-pale against her brownhair. Jade could feel that she was sad and disap

pointed. Kestrel's hair was dim gold and she was frowning.

Well?Kestrel said silently to Rowan.

Well?Jade said the same way. She wriggled as Victried to pull her loser. Come on, Rowan, he's

pinching me.

I guess we don't have any choice,Rowan said.

Immediately Jade turned back to Vic. He was still trying to pull her, looking surprised that she didn't

seem to be coming. Jade stopped resisting and lethim drag her in close-and then smoothly detached one

arm from his grip and slammed her hand upward. The heel of her hand made contact just under his chin.

His teeth clicked and his head was knocked backward, exposing his throat.

Jade darted in and bit.

She was feeling guilty and excited. She wasn't used to doing it like this, to taking down prey that was

awake and struggling instead of hypnotized and docile. But she knew her instincts were as good as any

hunter who'd grown up stalking humans in alleys. It was part of her genetic programming to evaluate

anything she saw in terms of "Is it food? Can I get it? What are its weaknesses?"

The only problem was that she shouldn't been joying this feeding, because it was exactly the opposite of

what she and Rowan and Kestrel had come to Briar Creek to do.

She was tangentially aware of activity in the backseat. Rowan had lifted the arm Todd had been using to

restrain her. On the other side Kestrel had done the same.

Todd was fighting, his voice thunderstruck. "Heyhey what are you-"

Rowan bit.

"What are you doing?"

Kestrel bit.

"What the freak are you doing? Who are you? What the freak are you?"

He thrashed wildly for a minute or so, and then subsided as Rowan and Kestrel mentally urged him into a trance.

It was only another minute or so before Rowan said, "That's enough."

Jade said, Aw, Rowan ...

"That'senough.Tell him not to remember anything about this-and find out if he knows where

Burdock Farm is."

Still feeding, Jade reached out with her mind,touching lightly with a tentacle of thought. Then she pulled

back, her mouth closing as if in a kiss as it leftVic's skin. Vic was just a big rag doll at this point,

and he flopped bonelessly against the steering wheeland the car door when she let him go.

"The farm's back that way-we have to go back tothe fork in the road," she said. "It's weird," she

added, puzzled. "He was thinking that he wouldn't get in trouble for attacking us because-because of

something about Aunt Opal. I couldn't get what."

"Probably that she was crazy," Kestrel said unemotionally. "Todd was thinking that he wouldn't

get in trouble because his dad's an Elder."

"They don't have Elders," Jade said, vaguely smug."You mean a governor or a police officer or

something ?

Rowan was frowning, not looking at them. "All right," she said. "This was an emergency; we had to do it.

But now we're going back to what we agreed."

"Until the next emergency," Kestrel said, smiling out the car window into the night.

To forestall Rowan, Jade said, "You think we should just leave them here?"

"Why not?" Kestrel said carelessly. "They'll wake up in a few hours."

Jade looked at Vic's neck. The two little wounds where her teeth had pierced him were already almost

closed. By tomorrow they would be faint red marks like old bee stings.

Five minutes later they were on the road againwith their suitcases. This time, though, Jade was cheerful.

The difference was food-she felt as full of blood as a tick, charged with energy and ready to skip up

mountains. She swung the cat carrier and her suitcase alternately, and Tiggy growled.

It was wonderful being out like this, walking alonein the warm night air, with nobody to frown in

disapproval. Wonderful to listen to the deer and rabbits and rats feeding in the meadows around her.

Happiness bubbled up inside Jade. She'd never felt so free.

"It is nice, isn't it?" Rowan said softly, lookingaround as they reached the fork in the road. "It's

the real world. And we have as much right to it as anybody else."

"I think it's the blood," Kestrel said. "Free-range humans are so much better than the kept ones.

Whydidn't our dear brother ever mention that?"

Ash, Jade thought, and felt a cold wind. She glanced behind her, not looking for a car but forsomething

much more silent and deadly. She realized suddenly how fragile her bubble of happiness was.

"Are we going to get caught?" she asked Rowan. Reverting, in the space of one second, to a

six-yearold turning to her big sister for help.

And Rowan, the best big sister in the world, said immediately and positively,"No. "

"But if Ash figures it out-he's the only one whomight realize-"

"We are not going to get caught," Rowan said. "Nobody will figure out that we're here."

Jade felt better. She put down her suitcase and held out a hand to Rowan, who took it. "Together

forever," she said.

Kestrel, who'd been a few steps ahead, glanced over her shoulder. Then she came back and put her

hand on theirs.

"Together forever."

Rowan said it solemnly; Kestrel said it with a quicknarrowing of her yellow eyes. Jade said it with utter

determination.

As they walked on, Jade felt buoyant and cheerfulagain, enjoying the velvet-dark night.

The road was just dirt here, not paved. They passed meadows and stands of Douglas fir. A farmhouse

on the left, set back on a long driveway. And finally, dead ahead at the end of the road, another house.

"That's it," Rowan said. Jade recognized it, too, from the pictures Aunt opal had sent them. It had

two stories, a wraparound porch, and a steeplypitched roof with lots of gables. A cupola sprouted out of

the rooftop, and there was a weather vane on

the barn.

A real weather vane, Jade thought, stopping to stare. Her happiness flooded _back full force. "I love it,

she said solemnly.

Rowan and Kestrel had stopped, too, but their expressions were far from awed. Rowan looked a hairs

breadth away from horrified.

"It's a wreck," she gasped. "Look at that barnthe paint's completely gone. The pictures didn't

show that."

"And the porch," Kestrel said helpfully. "It's fallingto pieces. Might go any minute."

"The work," Rowan whispered. "The work it would take to fix this place up ..."

"And the money," Kestrel said.

Jade gave them a cold look. "Why fix it? I like it.

It's different." Rigid with superiority, she picked up her luggage and walked to the end of the roadThere was a ramshackle, mostly fallen-down fence around the property, and a dangerous-looking gate.

Beyond,on a weed-covered path, was a pile of white pickets as if somebody had been planning to fix the

fencebut had never got around to it.

Jade put down the suitcase and cat carrier and pulled at the gate. To her surprise, it moved easily.

"See, it may not look good, but it still works-"She didn't get to finish the sentence properly. The

gate fell on her.

"Well, it may not work, but it's still ours," she said

as Rowan and Kestrel pulled it off her.

"No, it's Aunt Opal's," Kestrel said.

Rowan just smoothed her hair back and said,

"Come on."

There was a board missing from the porch steps, and several boards gone from the porch itself. Jade

limped around them with dignity. The gate had given her a good whack in the shin, and since it was

wood,it still .hurt. In fact, everything seemed to be made of wood here, which gave Jade a pleasantly

alarmed feeling. Back home, wood was revered-,and kept outof the way.

You have to be awfully careful to live in this kindof world, Jade thought. Or you're going to get hurt.

Rowan and Kestrel were knocking on the door,Rowan politely, with her knuckles, Kestrel loudly, with

the side of her hand. There wasn't any answer.

"She doesn't seem to be here," Rowan said.

"She's decided she doesn't want us," Kestrel said, golden eyes gleaming.

"Maybe she went to the wrong bus station,"Jade said.

"Oh-that's it. I bet that's it," Rowan said. "Poorold thing, she's waiting for us somewhere, and

she's going to be thinking that we didn't show up."

""Sometimes you're not completely stupid," Kestrel informed Jade. High praise from Kestrel.

"Well, let's go in," Jade said,to conceal howpleased she was. "She'll come back here sometime."

"Human houses have locks," Rowan began, but this house wasn't locked. The doorknob

turned in Jade's hand. The three of them stepped inside.

It was dark, even darker than the moonless nightoutside, but Jade's eyes adjusted in a few seconds.

"Hey, it's not bad," she said. They were in ashabby but handsome living room filled with huge,

ponderous furniture. Wood furniture, of course dark and highly polished. The tables were topped with

marble.

Rowan found a lightswitch, and suddenly the roomwas too bright. Blinking, Jade saw that the walls were

pale apple green, with fancy woodwork andmoldings in a darker shade of the same green. It made Jade

feel oddly peaceful. And anchored, somehow, as if she belonged here. Maybe it was all the heavy

furniture.

She looked at Rowan, who was looking around tall graceful body slowly relaxing.

Rowan smiled and met her eyes. She noddedonce. "Yes."

Jade basked for a moment in the glory of having been right twice in five minutes--and then she

remembered her suitcase.

"Let's see what the rest of the place is like," she said hastily. "I'll take the upstairs; you guys look

around here."

"You just want the best bedroom," Kestrel said.

Jade ignored her, hurrying up a wide, carpeted flight of stairs. There were lots of bedrooms, and each

one had lots of room. She didn't want the best, though, just the farthest away.

At the very end of the hall was a room painted sea-blue. Jade slammed the door behind her and puther

suitcase on the bed. Holding her breath, she opened the suitcase.

Oh. Oh, no.Oh, no ...

Three minutes later she heard the click of the doorbehind her, but didn't care enough to turn.

"What are you doing?"Kestrel's voice said.

Jade looked up from her frantic efforts to resuscitate the two kittens she held. "They'redead!" she wailed.

"Well, what did you expect? They need to breathe, idiot. How did you expect them to make it

through two days of traveling?"

Jade sniffled.

"Rowan told you that you could take only one."

Jade sniffled harder and glared. "I know.That's why I put these two in the suitcase." She hiccuped. "At

least Tiggy's all right." She dropped to her knees and peered in the cat carrier to make sure he was all

right. His ears were laid back, his golden eyes gleaming out of a mass of black fur. He hissed, and Jade

sat up. He was fine.

"For five dollars I'll take care of the dead ones," Kestrel said.

"No!" Jade jumped up and moved protectively in front of them, fingers clawed.

"Not likethat," Kestrel said, offended. "I don't eat carrion. Look, if you don't get rid of them

somehow,Rowan's going to find out. For God's sake,girl, you're a vampire," she added as Jade cradled

the limp bodies to her chest. "Act like one."

"I want to bury them," Jade said. "They shouldhave a funeral."

Kestrel rolled her eyes and left. Jade wrapped the small corpses in her jacket and tiptoed out after her.

A shovel, she thought. Now, where would that be?

Keeping her ears open for Rowan, shesidledaround the first floor. All the rooms looked like the living

room: imposing and in a state of genteel decay. The kitchen was huge. It had an open fireplace and a

shed off the back door for washing laundry. It also had a door to the cellar.

Jade made her way down the steps cautiously. Shecouldn't turn on a light because she needed both

hands for the kittens. And, because of the kittens, she couldn't see her feet. She had to feel with her toe

for the next step.

At the bottom of the stairs her toe found something yielding, slightly resilient. It was blocking herpath.

Slowly Jade craned her neck over the bundle of jacket and looked down.

It was dim here. She herself was blocking the light that filtered down from the kitchen. But she could

make out what looked like a pile of old clothes. A lumpy pile.

Jade was getting a very, very bad feeling.

She nudged the pile of clothes with one toe. It moved slightly. Jade took a deep breath and nudged it hard.

It was all one piece. It rolled over. Jade looked down, breathed quickly for a moment, and screamed.

A good, shrill, attention-getting scream. She addeda nonverbal thought, the telepathic equivalent of a siren.

Rowan! Kestrel! You guys get down here!

Twenty seconds later the cellar light went on andRowan and Kestrel came clattering down the stairs.

"I have told you and toldyou," Rowan was sayingthrough her teeth. "We don'tuse our-" She

stopped, staring.

She's not looking so good," Kestrel said, peering over Rowan's shoulder.

Rowan said, "Oh,dear," and sat down

Great-aunt Opal was a mummy. Her skin was like leather: yellow-brown, hard, and smooth. Almost

shiny. And the skin was all there was to her, just a leathery frame stretched over bones. She didn't have

any hair. Her eye sockets were dark holes with dry tissue inside. Her nose was collapsed.

"Poor auntie," Rowan said. Her own brown eyes were wet.

"We're going to look like that when we die," Kestrel said musingly.

Jade stamped her foot. "No, look,you guys! You're both missing it completely. Look atthat!" She swung

a wild toe at the mummy's midsection. There, protruding from the blue-flowered housedress and the

leathery skin, was a gigantic splinter of wood. It was almost as long as an arrow, thick at the base and

tapered where it disappeared into Aunt Opal's chest. Flakes of white paint still clung to one side.

Several other pickets were lying on the cellar floor.

"Poor old thing," Rowan said. "She must havebeen carrying them when she fell."

Jade looked at Kestrel. Kestrel looked back withexasperated golden eyes. There were few things they

agreed on, but Rowan was one of them.

"Rowan," Kestrel said distinctly, "she wasstaked. "

"Oh, no."

"Oh, yes," Jade said. "Somebody killed her. And somebody who knew she was a vampire."

Rowan was shaking her head. "But who would know that?"

"Well ..." Jade thought. "Another vampire."

"Or a vampirehunter,"Kestrel said.

Rowan looked up, shocked. "Those aren't real.They're just stories to frighten kids-aren't they?"

Kestrel shrugged, but her golden eyes were dark.

Jade shifted uneasily. The freedom she'd felt on the road, the peace in the living room-and now this.

Suddenly she felt empty and isolated.

Rowan sat down on the stairs, looking too tired and preoccupied to push back the lock of hair plastered

to her forehead. "Maybe I shouldn't havebrought you here," she said softly. "Maybe it's worsehere." She

didn't say it, but Jade could sense her next thought. Maybe we should go back

"Nothingcould be worse," Jade said fiercely. "And I'd die before I'd go back." She meant it. Back to

waiting on every man in sight? Back to arranged marriages and endless restrictions? Back to all those

disapproving faces, so quick to condemn anything different, anything that wasn't done the way it had

been done four hundred years ago?

"Wecan't go back," she said.

"No, we can't," Kestrel said dryly. "Literally. Unless we want to end up like Great-aunt Opal.

Or"she paused significantly-"like Great-uncle Hodge."

Rowan looked up. "Don't even say that!"

Jade's stomach felt like a clenched fist. "They wouldn't, she said, shoving back at the memory that was

trying to emerge. "Not to their own grandkids. Not to us."

"The point," Kestrel said, "is that we can't go back,so we have to go forward. We've got to

figure out what we're going to do here without Aunt Opal tohelp us--especially if there's a vampire hunter

around. But first, what are we going to do withthat?" She nodded toward the body.

Rowan just shook her head helplessly. She lookedaround the cellar as if she might find an answer in a

comer. Her gaze fell on Jade. It stopped there, and Jade could see the sisterly radar system turn on.

"Jade. What's that in your jacket?"

Jade was too wrung-out to lie. She opened thejacket and showed Rowan the kittens. "I didn't know my

suitcase would kill them."

Rowan looked too wrung-out to be angry. She glanced heavenward, sighing. Then, looking back atJade

sharply: "But why were you bringing them downhere?"

"I wasn't. I was just looking for a shovel. I was going to bury them in the backyard."

There was a pause. Jade looked at her sisters and they looked at each other. Then all three of them

looked at the kittens.

Then they looked at Great-aunt Opal.

Mary-Lynnette was crying.

It was a beautiful night, a perfect night. An inversion layer was keeping the air overhead still and warm,

and the seeing was excellent. There was very little light pollution and no direct light. The Victorian

farmhouse just below Mary-Lynnette's hill wasmostly dark. Mrs. Burdock was always very consider ate

about that.

Above, the Milky Way cut diagonally across the sky like a river. To the south, where Mary-Lynnette

had just directed her telescope, was the constellation Sagittarius, which always looked. more like a

teapot than like an archer to her. And just above the spout of the teapot was a faintly pink patch of what

looked like steam.

It wasn't steam. It was clouds of stars. A star factory called the Lagoon Nebula. The dust and gas of

dead stars was being recycled into hot young stars, just being born.

It was four thousand and five hundred light-years away. And she was looking at it, right this minute. A

seventeen-year-old kid with a second-hand Newtonian reflector telescope was watching the light of stars

being born.

Sometimes she was filled with so much awe andand-and-and longing-that she thought she might break to

pieces.

Since there was nobody else around, she could let the tears roll down her cheeks without pretending it

was an allergy. After a while she had to sit back and wipe her nose and eyes on the shoulder of her

T-shirt.

Oh, come on, give it a rest now, she told herself.You're crazy, you know.

She wished she hadn't thought of Jeremy earlier. Because now, for some reason, she kept picturinghim

the way he'd looked that night when he came to watch the eclipse with her. His level brown eyes had

held a spark of excitement, as if he really cared about what he was seeing. As if, for that moment,

anyway, he understood.

I have been one acquainted with the night, amaudlin little voice inside her chanted romantically, trying to

get her to cry again.

Yeah, right, Mary-Lynnette told the voice cynically. She reached for the bag of Cheetos she kept under

her lawn chair. It was impossible to feel romantic and overwhelmed by grandeur while eating Cheetos.

Saturn next, she thought, and wiped sticky orangecrumbs off her fingers. It was a good night for Saturn

because its rings were just passing through theiredgewise position.

She had to hurry because the moon was rising at 11:16. But before she turned her telescope toward

Saturn, she took one last look at the Lagoon. Actuallyjust to the east of the Lagoon, trying to make out

the open cluster of fainter stars she knew was there.

She couldn't see it. Her eyes just weren't good enough. If she had a bigger telescope-if she lived inChile

where the air was dry-if she could get above the earth's atmosphere ... then she might have a chance.

But for now ... she was limited by the human eye. Human pupils just didn't open farther than 9

millimeters.

Nothing to be done about that.

She was just centering Saturn in the field of viewwhen a light went on behind the farmhouse below. Not

a little porch light. A barnyard vapor lamp. Itilluminated the back property of the house like a searchlight.

Mary-Lynnette sat back, annoyed. It didn't reallymatter-she could see Saturn anyway, see the rings that

tonight were just a delicate silver line cutting across the center of the planet. But it was strange.Mrs.

Burdock never turned the back light on at night.

The girls, Mary-Lynnette thought. The nieces. Theymust have gotten there and she must be giving them a

tour. Absently she reached for her binoculars. Shewas curious.

They were good binoculars, Celestron Ultimas,sleek and lightweight. She used them for looking at

everything from deep sky objects to the craters on the moon. Right now, they magnified the back of Mrs.

Burdock's house ten times.

She didn't see Mrs. Burdock, though. She could seethe garden. She could see the shed and the

fenced-in area where Mrs. Burdock kept her goats. And shecould see three girls, all well illuminated by

the vapor lamp. One had brown hair, one had golden hair, and one had hair the color of Jupiter's rings.

That silvery.Like starlight. They were carrying something wrapped in plastic between them. Black plastic.

Hefty garbage bags, if Mary-Lynnette wasn't mistaken.

Now, what on earth were they doing with that?

Burying it.

The short one with the silvery hair had a shovel. She was a good little digger, too. In a few minutesshe

had rooted up most of Mrs. Burdock's irises. Then the medium-sized one with the golden hairtook a turn,

and last of all the tall one with the brown hair.

Then they picked up the garbage-bagged objecteven though it was probably over five feet long, it

seemed very light-and put it in the hole they'd just made.

They began to shovel dirt back into the hole.

No, Mary-Lynnette told herself. No, don't be ridiculous. Don't be insane. There's some mundane, per

fectly commonplace explanation for this.

The problem was, she couldn't think of any.

No, no, no. This is notRear Window,we are not in the Twilight Zone. They're just burying-something.

Some sort of ... ordinary ...

What else besides a dead body was five-feet-andsome-odd-inches long, rigid, and needed to be

wrapped in garbage bags before burial?

And, Mary-Lynnette thought, feeling a rush ofadrenaline that made her heart beat hard. And.

And...

Where was Mrs. Burdock?

The adrenaline was tingling painfully in herpalms

and feet. It made her feel out of control, which she hated. Her hands were shaking so badly she had to

lower the binoculars.

Mrs. B.'s okay. She's all right. Things like thisdon'thappenin real life.

What would Nancy Drew do?

Suddenly, in the middle of her panic, MaryLynnette felt a tiny giggle try to escape like a burp. Nancy

Drew, of course, would hike right down there and investigate. She'd eavesdrop on the girls from behind a

bush and then dig up the garden once they went back inside the house.

But things like that didn't happen. Mary-Lynnette couldn't even imagine trying to dig up a neighbor's

garden in the dead of night. She would get caught and it would be a humiliating farce. Mrs. Burdock

would walk out of the house alive and alarmed, and Mary-Lynnette would dieof embarrassment trying to

explain.

In a book that might be amusing. In real life-she didn't even want to think about it.

One good thing, it made her realize how absurd her paranoia was. Deep down, she obviously knew

Mrs. B. was just fine. Otherwise, she wouldn't besitting here; she'd be calling the police, like any sensi ble

person.

Somehow, though, she suddenly felt tired. Not up to more starwatching. She checked her watch by the

ruby glow of a red-filtered flashlight. Almost eleven-well, it was all over in sixteen minutes anyway. When

the moon rose it would bleach out the sky.

But before she broke down her telescope for the trip back, she picked up the binoculars again. Just one

last look.

The garden was empty. A rectangle of fresh darksoil showed where it had been violated. Even as

Mary-Lynnette watched, the vapor lamp went out.

It wouldn't do any harm to go over there tomorrow, Mary-Lynnette thought. Actually, I was goingto,

anyway. I should welcome those girls to the neighborhood. I should return those pruning shears Dad

borrowed and the knife Mrs. B. gave me to get my gas cap off. And of course I'll see Mrs. B. there, and

then I'll know everything's okay.

Ash reached the top of the winding road andstopped to admire the blazing point of light in the south.

You really could see more from these isolated

country towns. From here Jupiter, the king of the planets, looked like a UFO.

"Where have you been?" a voice nearby said. "I'vebeen waiting for you for hours."

Ash answered without turning around. "Wherehave I been? Where have you been? We were supposed

to meet onthat hill, Quinn." Hands in his pockets, he pointed with an elbow.

"Wrong. It was this hill and I've been sitting righthere waiting for you the entire time. But forget it.

Are they here or aren't they?"

Ash turned and walked unhurriedly to the open convertible that was parked just beside the road, itslights

off. He leaned one elbow on the door, looking down. "They're here. I told you they would be. It was the

only place for them to go."

"All three of them?"

"Of course, all three of them. My sisters always stick together."

Quinn's lip curled. "Lamia are so wonderfully family oriented."

"And made vampires are so wonderfully ... short," Ash said serenely, looking at the sky again.

Quinn gave him a look like black ice. His e-mail, compact body was utterly still inside the car. "Well,

now, I never got to finish growing, did I?" he saidvery softly. "One of your ancestors took care of that."

Ash boosted himself to sit on the hood of the car,long legs dangling. "I think I may stop aging this year

myself," he said blandly, still looking down the slope. "Eighteen's not such a bad age."

"Maybe not if you have a choice," Quinn said, his voice still as soft as dead leaves falling. "Try

beingeighteen for four centuries-with no end in sight."

Ash turned to smile at him again. "Sorry. On my family's behalf."

"And I'm sorry for your family. The Redferns have been having a little trouble lately, haven't they?

Let's see if I've got it right. First your uncle Hodge breaks Night World law and is appropriately

punished-"

"My great-uncle by marriage," Ash interrupted in polite tones, holding one finger up. "He was a

Burdock, not a Redfern. And that was over ten years ago."

"And then your aunt Opal-"

"Mygreat-auntOpal-"

"Disappears completely. Breaks off all contact withthe Night World. Apparently because she prefers

living in the middle of nowhere with humans."

Ash shrugged, eyes fixed on the southern horizon. "It must be good hunting in the middle of nowhere

with humans. No competition. And no Night Worldenforcement-no Elders putting a limit on how many

you can bag."

"And no supervision," Quinn said sourly. "Itdoesn't matter so much thatshe's been living here, but

she's obviously been encouraging your sisters to join her. You should have informed on them whenyou

found out they were writing to each other secretly."

Ash shrugged, uncomfortable. "It wasn't againstthe law. I didn't know what they had in mind."

"It's not just them," Quinn said in his disturbingly soft voice. "You know there are rumors about

that cousin of yours-James Rasmussen. People are saying that he fell in love with a human girl. That she

was dying and he decided to change her withoutpermission......"

Ash slid off the hood and straightened. "I never listen to rumors," he said, briskly and untruthfully.

"Besides, that's not the problem right now, is it?"

"No. The problem is your sisters and the mess they're in. And whether you can really do what's

necessary to dean it up."

"Don't worry, Quinn. I can handle it."

"ButI doworry, Ash. I don't know how I let you talk me into this."

"You didn't. You lost that game of poker."

"And you cheated." Quinn was looking off into a middle distance, his dark eyes narrowed, his

moutha straight line. "I still think we should tell the Elders ," he said abruptly. "It's the only way to

guarantee a really thorough investigation."

"I don't see why it needs to be so thorough.They've only been here a few hours."

"Your sisters have only been here a few hours.Your aunt has been here-how long? Ten years?"

"What have you got against my aunt, Quinn?"

"Her husband was a traitor. She's a traitor now for encouraging those girls to run away. And who

knowswhat she's been doing here in the last ten years? Who knows how many humans she's told about

the Night World?"

Ash shrugged, examining his nails. "Maybe she hasn't told any."

"And maybe she's told the whole town."

"Quinn," Ash said patiently, speaking as if to avery young child, "if my aunt has broken the laws

of the Night World, she has to die. For the family honor. Any blotch on that reflects onme."

"That's one thing I can count on," Quinn said halfunder his breath. ','Your self-interest. You

always look after Number One, don't you?"

"Doesn't everybody?"

"Not everybody is quite so blatant about it." There was a pause, then Quinn said, "And what

about your sisters?"

"What about them?"

"Can you kill them if it's necessary?"

Ash didn't blink. "Of course. If it's necessary. For the family honor."

"If they've let something slip about the NightWorld-"

"They're not stupid."

"They're innocent. They might get tricked. That'swhat happens when you live on an island

completely isolated from normal humans. You never learn how cunning vermin can be."

"Well, we know how cunning they can be," Ash said, smiling. "And what to do about them."

For the first time Quinn himself smiled, a charming, almost dreamy smile. "Yes, I know your views on

that. All right. I'll leave you here to take care of it. I don't need to tell you to check out every human those

girls have had contact with. Do a good job and maybe you can save your familyhonor."

"Not to mention the embarrassment of a public trial."

"I'll come back in a week. And if you haven't got things under control, I go to the Elders. I don't

mean your Redfern family Elders, either. I'm taking it all the way up to the joint Council."

"Oh, fine," Ash said. "You know, you really ought to get a hobby, Quinn. Go hunting yourself.

You're too repressed."

-252Quinn ignored that and said shortly, "Do you know where to start?"

"Sure. The girls are right ... down ... there." Ashturned east. With one eye shut, he zeroed in with

his finger on a patch of light in the valley below. "At Burdock Farm. I'll check things out in town, then I'll

What a difference a day made.

Somehow, in the hot, hazy August sunlight the -next morning, Mary-Lynnette couldn't get serious about

checking on whether Mrs. Burdock was dead. It was just too ridiculous. Besides, she had a lot to

do-school started in just over two weeks. At the beginning of June she had been sure summer would last

forever, sure that she would neversay, "Wow, this summer has gone by so fast." And now here she stood

in mid-August, and she was saying, "Wow, it's gone by so fast."

I need clothes, Mary-Lynnette thought. And a new backpack, and notebooks, and some of those little

purple felt-tip pens. And I need to make Mark get all those things, too, because he won't do it by himself

and Claudine will never make him.

Claudine was their stepmother. She was Belgian and very pretty, with curly dark hair and sparklingdark eyes. She was only ten years older than MaryLynnette, and she looked even younger. She'd been

the family's housecleaning helper when Mary Lynnette's mom first got sick five years ago. MaryLynnette

liked her, but she was hopeless as a substitute mother, and Mary-Lynnette usually ended up taking

charge of Mark.

So I don't have time to go over to Mrs. B.'s.

She spent the day shopping. It wasn't until after dinner that she thought about Mrs. Burdock again.

She was helping to dear dishes out of the family room, where dinner was traditionally eaten in front of

the TV, when her father said, "I heard something today about Todd Akers and Vic Kimble."

"Those losers," Mark muttered.

Mary-Lynnette said, "What?"

"They had some kind of accident over on Chiloquin Road-over between Hazel Green Creek and

Beavercreek."

"A car accident?" Mary-Lynnette said.

"Well, this is the thing," her father said. "Apparently there wasn't any damage to their car, but they

both thought they'd been in an accident. They showed up at home after midnight and said that something

had happened to them out there-but they didn'tknow what. They were missing a few hours." He looked

at Mark and Mary-Lynnette. "How about that, guys?"

"It's the UFOs!" Mark shouted immediately, dropping into discus-throwing position and wiggling

his plate.

"UFOs are a crock," Mary-Lynnette said. "Do youknow how far the little green men would have

to travel-and there's no suchthing as warp speed. Whydo people have to make things up when the

universe is just just blazing with incredible things that are real-"She stopped. Her family was looking at

her oddly.

"Actually Todd and Vic probably just got smashed," she said, and put her plate and glass in

the sink. Her father grimaced slightly. Claudine pursed her lips. Mark grinned.

"In a very real and literal sense," he said. "We hope."

It was as Mary-Lynnette was walking back to the family room that a thought struck her.

Chiloquin Road was right off Kahneta, the road her own house was on. The road Mrs. B.'s house was

on.It was only two miles from Burdock Farm to Chiloquin.

There couldn't be any connection. Unless the girls were burying the little green man who'd abductedVic

and Todd.

But it bothered her. Two really strange things happening in the same night, in the same area. In a tiny,

sleepy area that never saw any kind of excitement.

I know, I'll call Mrs. B. And she'll be fine, and that'll prove everything's okay, and I'll be able to laugh

about all this.

But nobody answered at the Burdock house. The phone rang and rang. Nobody picked it up and the

answering machine never came on. Mary-Lynnettehung up feeling grim but oddly calm. She knew what

she had to do now.

She snagged Mark as he was going up the stairs. "I need to talk to you."

"Look, if this is about your Walkman-"

"Huh? It's about something we have to do tonight." Mary-Lynnette looked at him. "What aboutmy

Walkman?"

"Uh, nothing. Nothing at all."

Mary-Lynnette groaned but let it go. "Listen, Ineed you to help me out. Last night I saw something weird

when I was on the hill...." She explained as succinctly as possible. "And now more weird stuff with Todd

and Vic," she said.

Mark was shaking his head, looking at her in something like pity. "Mare, Mare," he said kindly. "You

really are crazy, you know."

"Yes," Mary-Lynnette said. "It doesn't matter. I'm still going over there tonight."

"To do what?"

"To check things out. I just want toseeMrs. B. If I can talk to her, I'll feel better. And if I can find

out what's buried in that garden, I'll feel a wholelotbetter."

"Maybe they were burying Sasquatch. That government study in the Klamaths never did find him,

you know."

"Mark, you owe me for the Walkman. For whatever happened to the Walkman."

"Uh..." Mark sighed, then muttered resignedly."Okay, I owe you. But I'm telling you right now,

I'm not going to talk to those girls."

"You don't have to talk to them. You don't evenhave to see them. There's something else I want

youto do."

The sun was just setting. They'd walked this roada hundred times to get to Mary-Lynnette's hill-the only

difference tonight was that Mark was carryinga pair of pruning shears and Mary-Lynnette had pulled the

Rubylith filter off her flashlight.

"You don't reallythink they offed the old lady."

"No," Mary-Lynnette said candidly. "I just want to put the world back where it belongs."

"You want what?"

"You know how you have a view of the way theworld is, but every so often you wonder, 'Oh,

myGod, what if it's really different?'Like, 'What if I'm really adopted and the people I think are my

parentsaren't my parents at all?' And if it were true, it would change everything, and for a minute you

don't know what's real. Well, that's how I feel right now, and I want to get rid of it. I want my old world

back."

"You know what's scary?" Mark said. "I think Iunderstand."

By the time they got to Burdock Farm, it was full dark. Ahead of them, in the west, the star Arcturus

seemed to hang over the farmhouse, glittering faintly red.

Mary-Lynnette didn't bother trying to deal withthe rickety gate. She went to the place behind the

blackberry bushes where the picket fence had fallen flat.

The farmhouse was like her own family's, but with lots of Victorian-style gingerbread added.

MaryLynnette thought the spindles and scallops and fretwork gave it a whimsical air-eccentric, like Mrs.

Burdock. Just now, as she was looking at one of the second-story windows, the shadow of a moving

figure fell on the roller blind.

Good, Mary-Lynnette thought. At least I know somebody's home.

Mark began hanging back as they walked down the weedy path to the house.

"You said I could hide."

"Okay. Right. Look, why don't you take thoseshears and sort of go around back-"

"And look at the Sasquatch grave while I'm there? Maybe do a little digging? I don't think so."

"Fine," Mary-Lynnette said calmly. "Then hidesomewhere out here and hope they don't see you

when they come to the door. At least with the shears you have an excuse to be in the back."

Mark threw her a bitter glance and she knew she'dwon. As he started off, Mary-Lynnette said suddenly,

"Mark, be careful."

Mark just waved a dismissive hand at her without turning around.

When he was out of sight, Mary-Lynnette knockedon the front door. Then she rang the doorbellitwasn't

a button but an actual bellpull. She could hear chimes inside, but nobody answered.

She knocked and rang with greater authority. Every minute she kept expecting the door to open to

reveal Mrs. B., petite, gravelly-voiced, blue-haired,dressed in an old cotton housedress. But it didn't

happen. Nobody came.

Mary-Lynnette stopped being polite and began knocking with one hand and ringing with the other. It

was somewhere in the middle of this frenzy ofknocks and rings that she realized she was frightened.

Really frightened. Her world view was wobbling.Mrs. Burdock hardly ever left the house. She always

answered the door. And Mary-Lynnette had seenwith her own eyes that somebody was home here.

So why weren't they answering?

Mary-Lynnette's heart was beating very hard. She had an uncomfortable falling sensation in her stomach.

I should get out of here and call Sheriff Akers. It's his job to know what to do about things like this.But it

was hard to work up any feeling of confidence in Todd's father. She took her alarm and frustration out on

the door.

Which opened. Suddenly. Mary-Lynnette's fist hit air and for an instant she felt sheer panic, fear of the

unknown.

"What can I do for you?"

The voice was soft and beautifully modulated. Thegirl was just plain beautiful. What Mary-Lynnette

hadn't been able to see from the top of her hill was that the brown hair was aglow with rich chestnut

highlights, the features were classically molded, the tall figure was graceful and willowy.

"You're Rowan," she said.

"How did you know?"

You couldn't be anything else; I've never seen anybody who looked so much like  tree spirit. "Your

aunt told me about you. I'm Mary-Lynnette Carter, Ilive just up Kahneta Road. You probably saw my

house on your way here."

Rowan looked noncommittal. She had such a sweet,grave face-,and skin that looked like white orchid

petals, Mary-Lynnette thought abstractedly. She said, "So, I just wanted to welcome you to the

neighborhood, say hello, see if there's anything you need."

Rowan looked less grave; she almost smiled and her brown eyes grew warm. "How nice of you. Really.

I almost wish we did need something ... but actually we're fine."

Mary-Lynnette realized that, with the utmost civility and good manners, Rowan was winding up the

conversation. Hastily she threw a new subject into the pool. "There are three of you girls, right? Are you

going to school here?"

"My sisters are."

"That's great. I can help show them around. I'll be a senior this year." Another subject, quick,

MaryLynnette thought. "So, how do you like Briar Creek? It's probably quieter than you're used to."

"Oh, it was pretty quiet where we came from,"Rowan said. "But we love it here; it's such a

wonderful place. The trees, the little animals..." She broke off.

"Yeah, those cute little animals," Mary-Lynnette said. Get to the point, her inner voices were

telling her. Her tongue and the roof of her mouth felt like Velcro. Finally she blurted, "So-so, um, how is

your aunt right now?"

"She's-fine."

That instant's hesitation was all Mary-Lynnette needed. Her old suspicions, her old panic, surged up

immediately. Making her feel bright and cold, like aknife made of ice.

She found herself saying in a confident, almost chirpy voice, "Well, could I just talk to her for a minute?

Would you mind? It's just that I have something sort of important to tellher...." She made a move as if to

step over the threshold.

Rowan kept on blocking the door. "Oh, I'm sosorry. Butwell, that's not really possible rightnow."

"Oh, is it one of her headaches? I've seen her in bed before." Mary-Lynnette gave a little tinkly

laugh.

"No, it's not a headache." Rowan spoke gently, deliberately. "The truth is that she's gone for a

few days."

"Gone?"

"I know." Rowan made a little grimace acknowledging that this was odd. "She just decided to

take a few days off. A little vacation."

"But-gosh, with you girls just getting here..." Mary-Lynnette's voice was brittle.

"Well, you see, she knew we'd take care of thehouse for her. That's why she waited until we

came."

"But-gosh," Mary-Lynnette said again. She felt aspasm in her throat. "Where-just where did she

go?"

"Up north, somewhere on the coast. I'm not sure of the name of the town."

"But ..." Mary-Lynnette's voice trailed off. Back off, her inner voices warned.Now was the time

to be polite, to be cautious. Pushing it meant showing this girl that Mary-Lynnette knew something was

wrong with this story. And since somethingwas wrong, thisgirl might be dangerous....

It was hard to believe that while looking at Rowan'ssweet, grave face. She didn't look dangerous. But

thenMary-Lynnette noticed something else. Rowan was barefoot. Her feet were as creamy-pale as the

rest ofher, but sinewy. Something about them, the way they were placed or the clean definition of the

toes, made Mary-Lynnette think of those feet running. Of savage, primal speed.

When she looked up, there was another girl walking up behind Rowan. The one with dark golden hair.

Her skin was milky instead of blossomy, and her eyes were yellow.

"This is Kestrel," Rowan said.

"Yes," Mary-Lynnette said. She realized she was staring. And realized, the moment after that,

that shewas scared. Everything about Kestrel made her thinkof savage, primal movement. The girl

walked as if she were flying.

"What's going on?" Kestrel said.

"This is Mary-Lynnette," Rowan said, her, voice still pleasant. "She lives down the road. She

came to see Aunt Opal."

"Really just to see if you needed anything," MaryLynnette interjected quickly. "We're sort of your

only neighbors." Strategy change, she was thinking. About-face. Looking at Kestrel, she believed in

danger. Now all she wanted was to keep these girls from guessing what she knew.

"You're a friend of Aunt Opal's?" Kestrel asked silkily. Her yellow eyes swept Mary-Lynnette,

first up, then down.

"Yeah, I come over sometimes, help her withthe"-oh, God, don't say gardening-"goats. Um, I

guess she told you that they need to be milked everytwelve hours."

Rowan's expression changed fractionally. MaryLynnette's heart gave a violent thud. Mrs. B. would

never,everleave without giving instructions aboutthe goats.

"Of course she told us," Rowan said smoothly, justan instant too late.

Mary-Lynnette's palms were sweating. Kestrelhadn't taken that keen, dispassionate, unblinkinggaze off

her for a moment. Like the proverbial birdof prey staring down the proverbial rabbit. "Well, it'sgetting

late and I bet you guys have things to do. I should let you go."

Rowan and Kestrel looked at each other. Then theyboth looked at Mary-Lynnette, cinnamon-brown

eyes and golden eyes fixed intently on her face.Mary-Lynnette had the falling feeling in her stomach again.

Mark was still muttering as he rounded the backcorner of the house. What was he even doinghere?

It wasn't easy to get into the garden area fromoutside. He had to bushwhack through the overgrown

rhododendron bushes and blackberry canesthat formedadense hedge all around it. And evenwhen he

emerged from a tunnel of leathery greenleaves, the scene in front of him didn't immediatelyregister. His

momentum kept him going for a fewsteps before his brain caught up.

Hey, wait. There'sa girl here.

A pretty girl. Anextremelypretty girl. He could seeher clearly by the back porch light. She had hiplength

white-blond hair, the color that normally onlypreschoolers have, and it was as fine as a child's hair,too,

whipping around her like pale silk when shemoved. She was smallish. Little bones. Her hands and feet

were delicate.

She was wearing what looked like an oldfashioned nightshirt and dancing to what sounded like a

rent-to-own commercial. There was a battereddock radio on the porch steps. There was also a black

kitten that took one look at Mark and darted away into the shadows.

"Baaad cred-it,nooo cred-it, dooon't wor-ry,weee'll take you...." the radio warbled. The girl

danced with her arms above her head-light as thistledown,Mark thought, staring in astonishment. Really,

actu ally that light, and so what if it was a cliche

As the commercial ended and a country western song began, she did a twirl and saw him. Shestopped,

frozen, arms still above her head, wristscrossed. Her eyes got big and her mouth sagged open.

She's scared, Mark thought. Of me. The girl didn't look graceful now; she was scrambling to seize the

dock radio, fumbling with it, shaking it. Trying to find an Off switch, Mark realized. Her desperation was

contagious. Before he thought, Mark dropped the pruning shears and swooped in to grab the radio from

her. He twisted the top dial, cutting the song short. Then he stared at the girl, who stared backwith wide

silvery-green eyes. They were both breath ing quickly, as if they'd just disarmed a bomb.

"Hey, I hate country western, too," Mark said aftera minute, shrugging.

He'd never talked to a girl this way before. But then he'd never had a girl look scared of him before.

And so scared-he imagined he could see her heartbeating in the pale blue veins beneath the translucent

skin of her throat.

Then, suddenly, she stopped looking terrified. Shebit her lip and chortled. Then, still grinning, she blinked

and sniffed.

"I forgot," she said, dabbing at the corner of her eye. "You don't have the same rules we do."

"Rules about country western music?" Mark hazarded. He liked her voice. It was ordinary, not

celestial. It made her seem more human.

"Rules about any music from outside," she said. "And any TV, too."

Outside what? Mark thought. He said, "Uh, hi. I'm Mark Carter."

"I'm Jade Redfern."

"You're one of Mrs. Burdock's nieces."

"Yes. We just came last night. We're going to livehere."

Mark snorted and muttered, "You have my condolences."

"Condolences? Why?" Jade cast a darting glance around the garden.

"Because living in Briar Creek is just slightly moreexciting than living in a cemetery."

She gave him a long, fascinated look. "You've... lived in a cemetery?"

He gaveher along look. "Uh, actually, I just meant it's boring here."

"Oh." She thought, then smiled. "Well, it's interesting to us," she said. "It's different from where

we come from."

"And just wheredo you come from?"

"An island. It's sort of near ..." She considered. "The state of Maine.

"'The state of Maine."'

"Yeah."

"Does this island have a name?"

She stared at him with wide green eyes. "Well, I can't tell youthat."

"Uh-okay." Was, she making fun of him? Butthere was nothing like mockery or sly teasing in her

face. She looked mysterious ... and innocent. Maybe she had some kind of mental problem. The kids at

Dewitt High School would have a field day with that. They weren't very tolerant of differences.

"Look," he said abruptly. "If there's ever anything I can do for you-you know, if you ever get in

trouble or something-then just tell me. Okay?"

She tilted her head sideways. Her eyelashes actually cast shadows in the porch light, but her expression

wasn't coy. It was straightforward and assessing,and she was looking him over carefully, as if she needed

to figure him out. She took her time doingit. Then she smiled, making little dimples in her cheeks, and

Mark's heart jumped unexpectedly.

"Okay," she said softly. "Mark. You're not silly, even though you're a boy. You're a good guy,

aren'tyou?"

"Well..."Mark had never been called upon to be a good guy, not in the TV sense. He wasn't

surehow he'd measure up if he were. "I, um, hope I

0am."

Jade was looking at him steadily. "You know, I just decided. I'm going to like it here." She smiledagain,

and Mark found it hard to breathe-and then her expression changed.

Mark heard it, too. A wild crashing in the overgrown tangle of rhododendrons and blackberrybushes at

the back of the garden. It was a weird,frenzied sound, but Jade's reaction was out of all proportion. She

had frozen, body tense andtrembling, eyes fixed on the underbrush. She looked terrified.

"Hey." Mark spoke gently, then touched hershoulder. "Hey. It's all right. It's probably one of the

goats that got loose; goats can jump over any kind of fence." She was shaking her head. "Or a deer.

When they're relaxed they sound just like people walking."

"It's not a deer," she hissed.

"They come down and eat people's gardens a. night. You probably don't have deer roaming

aroundwhere you come from-"

"I can'tsmellanything," she said in a kind of whispered wail. "It's that stupid pen. Everything smells like

goat. "

She couldn't smell ... ? Mark did the only thinghe could think of in response to a statement like that. He

put his arms around the girl.

"Everything's okay," he said softly. He couldn'thelp but notice that she was cool and warm at the

same time, supple, wonderfully alive underneath the nightshirt. "Why don't I take you inside now? You'll

be safe there."

"Leggo," Jade said ungratefully, squirming. "I mayhave to fight." She wriggled out of his arms and

faced the bushes again. "Stay behind me."

Okay, so sheis crazy. I don't care. I think I love her.

He stood beside her. "Look, I'll fight, too. What doyou think it is? Bear, coyote ... ?""My brother."

"Your ..." Dismay pooled in Mark. She'd just stepped over the line of acceptable craziness.

"Oh."

Another thrashing sound from the bushes. It was definitely something big, not a goat. Mark was just

wondering vaguely if a Roosevelt elk could have wandered down the hundred or so miles from Waldo

Lake, when a scream ripped through the air.

A human scream-or, worse,almost human. As it died, there was a wail that was definitely inhumanit

started out faint, and then suddenly sounded shrilland dose. Mark was stunned. When the drawn-out wail

finally stopped, there was a sobbing, moaning sound, then silence.

Mark got his breath and swore. "What in thewhat wasthat?"

"Shh. Keep still." Jade was in a half-crouch, eyes on the bushes.

"Jade-Jade, listen. We've got to get inside." Desperate, he looped an arm around her waist,

trying to pick her up. She was light, but she flowed like water out of his arms. Like a cat that doesn't

want to bepetted. "Jade, whatever that thing is, we need agun.

"I don't." She seemed tobe speaking through herteeth-anyway there was something odd about

her diction. She had her back to him and he couldn't see her face, but her hands were clawed.

"Jade,"Mark said urgently. He was scared enoughto run, but he couldn't leave her. He couldn't.

No good guy would do that.

Too late. The blackberry bushes to the south quivered. Parted. Something was coming through.

Mark's heart seemed to freeze solid, but then he found himself moving. Pushing Jade roughly aside.

Standing in front of her to face whatever the thing in the dark was.

Mary-Lynnette kicked her way through the blackberry canes. Her arms and legs were scratched, and

she could feel ripe, bright-black berries squishing against her. She'd probably picked a bad place to get

through the hedge, but she hadn't been thinking about that. She'd been thinking about Mark, aboutfinding

him as fast as possible and getting away from here.

0Just please let him be here, she thought. Let him be here and be okay and I'll never ask for anything

else.

She struggled through the last of the canes into thebackyard-and then things happened very fast. The first

thing she saw was Mark, and she felt a rush of relief. Then a flash of surprise. Mark was standing in front

of a girl, his arms lifted like a basketball guard. As if to protect her from Mary-Lynnette.

And then, so quickly that Mary-Lynnette could barely follow the motion, the girl was rushing at her.

And Mary-Lynnette was throwing her arms up and Mark was shouting, "No, that's my sister!"

The girl stopped a foot away from Mary-Lynnette.It was the little silvery-haired one, of course. This

dose Mary-Lynnette couldsee that she had green eyes and skin so translucent it almost looked like quartz

crystal.

"Jade, it's my sister,".Mark said again, as if anxiousto get this established. "Her name's

Mary-Lynnette.She won't hurt you. Mare, tell her you won't hurther."

Hurt her? Mary-Lynnette didn't know what he wastalking about, and didn't want to. This girl was as

weirdly beautiful as the others, and something abouther eyes-hey weren't ordinary green, but almost

silvery-made Mary-Lynnette's skin rise ingoose pimples.

"Hello," Jade said.

"Hello. Okay, Mark, c'mon. We've got to go. Like right now."

She expected him to agree immediately. He wasthe one who hadn't wanted to come, and now herehe

was with his most dreaded phobia, a girl. But instead he said, "Did you hear that yelling? Could you tell

where it came from?"

"What yelling? I was inside. Come on." MaryLynnette took Mark's arm, but since he was as

strongas she was, it didn't do any good. "Maybe I heardsomething. I wasn't paying attention." She'd been

looking desperately around the Victorian living room,babbling out lies about how her family knew where

she'd gone tonight and expected her back soon. How her father and stepmother were such good friends

of Mrs. Burdock's and how they were just waiting at home to hear about Mrs. B.'s nieces. She still

wasn't sure if that was why they'd let her go. But for somereason, Rowan had finally stood up, given

MaryLynnette a grave, sweet smile, and opened the front door.

"You know, I bet it was a wolverine," Mark was saying to Jade excitedly. "A wolverine that

came down from Willamette Forest."

Jade was frowning. "A wolverine?" She considered. "Yeah, I guess that could have been it. I've never

heard one before." She looked at MaryLynnette. "Is that what you think it was?"

"Oh, sure," Mary-Lynnette said at random. "Definitely a wolverine." I should ask where her aunt

is, she thought suddenly. It's the perfect opportunity to catch her in a lie. I'll ask and then she'llsay

something-anything, but not that her aunt'sgone up north for a little vacation on the coast. And then I'll

know.

She didn't do it. She simply didn't have the courage. She didn't want to catch anyone in a lie anymore;

she just wanted to get out.

"Mark, please ..."

He looked at her and for the first time seemed tosee how upset she was. "Uh-okay," he said. And to

Jade: "Look, why don't you go back inside now?You'll be safe there. And maybe-maybe I could come

over again sometime?"

Mary-Lynnette was still tugging at him, and now, to her relief, he began to move. Mary-Lynnette headed

for the blackberry bushes that she'd trampled coming in.

"Why don't you go through there? It's like apath," Jadesaid,pointing. Mark immediately swerved,

taking Mary-Lynnette with him, and she saw a comfortable gap between two rhododendron bushes at

the back of the garden. She would never have seen it unless she knew what to look for.

As they reached the hedge, Mark turned to glance behind him. Mary-Lynnette turned, too.

From here, Jade was just a dark silhouette againstthe porch light-but her hair, lit from behind, looked

like a silver halo. It shimmered around her. MaryLynnette heard Mark draw in his breath.

"You both come back sometime," Jade said cordially. "Help us milk the goats like Aunt Opal

said. She gave us very strict orders before she went on vacation."

Mary-Lynnette was dumbfounded.

She turned back and reeled through the gap, her head spinning. When they got to the road she said,

"Mark, what happened when you got into the garden?"

Mark was looking preoccupied. "What do you mean what happened? Nothing happened."

"Did you look at the place that was dug up?"

"No," Mark said shortly. "Jade was in the gardenwhen I got there. I didn't get a chance to look at

anything."

"Mark ... was she there the whole time? Jade?Did she ever go in the house? Or did either of the

other girls ever come out?"

Mark grunted. "I don't even know what the othergirls look like. The only one I saw was Jade, and she

was there the whole time." He looked at her darkly. "You're not still on this Rear Windowthing, are you?"

Mary-Lynnette didn't answer. She was trying to gather her scattered thoughts.

I don't believe it. Butshe said it. Orders about the goats. Before her aunt went on vacation.

But Rowan didn't know about the goats before I told her. I'd swear she didn't know. And I was so sure

she was winging it with the vacation business....

Okay, maybe I was wrong. But that doesn't mean Rowan was telling the truth. Maybe they didfigure the

story out before tonight, and Rowan's just a lousy actress. Or maybe ...

0 "Mark, this is going to sound crazy ... but Jade didn't have, like, a cellular phone or anything, did

she?"

Mark stopped dead and gave Mary-Lynnette a long, slow look that said more dearly than wordswhat

he thought of this. "Mary-Lynnette, what'swrongwith you?"

"Rowan and Kestrel told me that Mrs. B. is on vacation. That she suddenly decidedto take a

vacation just when they arrived in town."

"So? Jade said the same thing."

"Mark, Mrs. B. has lived there for ten years, and she's nevertaken a vacation. Never. How could

shetake one starting the same day her nieces come to live with her?"

"Maybe because they can house-sit for her," Mark said with devastating logic.

It was exactly what Rowanhad said. MaryLynnette had a sudden feeling of paranoia, like someone who

realizes that everyone around her is a pod person, all in on the conspiracy. She had been aboutto tell him

about the goats, but now she didn't want to.

Oh, geta gripon yourself, girl. Even Mark is beinglogical The least you can do isthink about this rationally

before you run to Sheriff Akers.

The fact is, Mary-Lynnette told herself, brutally honest, that you panicked. You got afeelingaboutthose

girls for some reason, and then you forgot logic completely. You didn't get any kind of hard evidence.

You ran away.

She could hardly go to the sheriff and. say that shewas suspicious because Rowan had creepy feet.

There's no evidence at all. Nothing except ... She groaned inwardly.

"It all comes down to what's in the garden," shesaid out loud.

Mark, who had been walking beside her in frowning silence, now stopped. "What?"

"It all comes back to that again," Mary-Lynnettesaid, her eyes shut. "I should have just looked at

thatdug-up place when I had the chance, even if Jadesaw me. It's the only real evidence there is ...so I've

got to see what's there."

Mark was shaking his head. "Now, look-"

"I haveto go back. Not tonight. I'm dead tired. But tomorrow. Mark, I haveto check it out before I go

to Sheriff Akers."

Mark exploded.

"Before youwhat?"he shouted, loud enough to raise echoes. "What are you talking about, going

to the sheriff?"

Mary-Lynnette stared. She hadn't realized how different Mark's point of view was from hers. Why, she

thought, why he's ...

-240 "You wanted to check out where Mrs. B. was-so we checked where Mrs. B. was," Mark said.

"They told us where. And yousawJade. I know she's a little differentit's like you said about Mrs. B.; she's

eccentric. But did she look like the kind of personwho could hurt somebody? Well, didshe?"

Why, he's in love with her, Mary-Lynnettethought. Or at least seriously in like. Mark likes a girl.

Now she was reallyconfused.

This could be so good for him-if only the girl weren't crazy. Well, maybe even if the girl wascrazyif it

wasn't a homicidal craziness. Either way, Mary-Lynnette couldn't call the police on Mark's new girlfriend

unless she had some evidence.

I wonder if she likes him, too? she thought. They certainly seemed to be protecting each other when I

walked in.

"No, you're right," she said aloud, glad that she'd had practice lying tonight. "She doesn't look

like thekind of person who could hurt somebody. I'll just let it drop."

With you. And tomorrow night when you thinkI'm starwatching, I'll sneak over there. This time bringing

my own shovel. And maybe a big stick to fend off wolverines.

"Do you really think you heard a wolverine over there?" she asked, to change the subject.

"Um ...maybe." Mark was slowly losing his scowl. "It was somethingweird. Something I've never

heard before. So you're going to forget all this crazy stuff about Mrs. B., right?"

"Yeah, I am." I'll be safe, mary-Lynnette was thinking. This time I won't panic, and I'll make sure

they don't see me. Besides, if they were going to kill me, they would have done it tonight, wouldn't they?

Whydidn't we just kill her?" Kestrel asked.

Rowan and Jade looked at each other. There were few things they agreed on, but one of them was

definitely Kestrel.

. "First of all, we agreed not to do that here. Wedon't use our powers-"

"And we don't feed onhumans. Or kill them," Kestrel finished the chant. "But you already used your

powers tonight; you called Jade."

"I had to let her know what story I'd just toldabout Aunt Opal. Actually, I should have planned

forthis earlier. I should have realized that people are going to come and ask where Aunt Opal is."

"She's the only one who's asking. If we killed her-"

"We can't just go killing people in our new home,"Rowan said tightly. "Besides, she said she had family

waiting for her. Are we going to kill all of them?"

Kestrel shrugged.

"We arenotgoing to start a blood feud," Rowan said even more tightly.

"But what about influencing her?" Jade said. Shewas sitting with Tiggy in her arms, kissing the

velvety black top of the kitten's head. "Making her forget she's suspicious-or making her think she saw

Aunt Opal?"

"That would be fine-if it were just her," Rowansaid patiently. "But it's not. Are we going to influ

enceeveryone who comes to the house? What aboutpeople who call on the phone? What about

teachers?You two are supposed to start school in a couple of weeks."

"Maybe we'll just have to miss that," Kestrel said without regret.

Rowan was shaking her head. "We need a permanent solution. We need to find some reasonable

explanation for why Aunt Opal is gone."

"We need to move Aunt Opal," Kestrel said flatly."We need to get rid of her."

"No, no. We might have to produce the body,"Rowan said.

"Looking likethat?"

They began to argue about it. Jade rested her chin on Tiggy's head and stared out the multipaned kitchen

window. She was thinking about Mark Carter, who had such a gallant heart. It gave her a pleasantly

forbidden thrill just to picture him. Back home there weren't any humans wandering around free. She

could never have been tempted to break NightWorld law and fall in love with one. But here ...yes, Jade

could almost imagine falling in love with Mark Carter. Just as if she were a human girl.

She shivered deliriously. But just as she was tryingto picture what human girls did when they were in

love, Tiggy gave a sudden heave. He twisted out of her arms and hit the kitchen floor running. The fur on

his back was up.

Jade looked at the window again.She couldn't see anything. But ...she felt ...

She turned to her sisters. "Something was out there in the garden tonight," she said. "And Icouldn't smell

it."

Rowan and Kestrel were still arguing. They didn't hear her.

Mary-Lynnette opened her eyes and sneezed. She'd overslept. Sun was shining around the edges of her

dark blue curtains.

Get up and get to work, she told herself. But instead she lay rubbing sleep out of her eyes and tryingto

wake up. She was a night person, not a morningperson.

The room was large and painted twilight blue. Mary-Lynnette had stuck the glow-in-the-dark starsand

planets to the ceiling herself. Taped onto the dresser mirror was a bumper sticker saying I BRAKEFOR

ASTEROIDS.On the walls were a giant relief map of the moon, a poster from the Sky-Gazer's Almanac,

and photographic prints of the Pleiades,theHorsehead Nebula, and the total eclipse of 1995.

It was Mary-Lynnette's retreat, the place to go when people didn't understand. She always felt safeinthe

night.

She yawned and staggered to the bathroom, grabbing a pair of jeans and a T-shirt on the way. She was

brushing her hair as she walked down the stairs when she heard voices from the living room.

-252Claudine's voice ... and a male voice. Not Mark; weekdays he usually went to his friend Ben's

house.A stranger.

Mary-Lynnette peeked through the kitchen. Therewas a guy sitting on the living room couch. She could

see only the back of his head, which was ash blond. Mary-Lynnette shrugged and started to open the

refrigerator, when she heard her own name.

"Mary-Lynnette is very good friends with her," Claudine was saying in her quick, lightly accented

voice. "I remember a few years ago she helped her fix up a goat shed."

They're talking about Mrs. B.!

"Why does she keep goats? I think she told Mary-Lynnette it would help since she couldn't get out that

much anymore."

"How strange," the guy said. He had a lazy, careless-sounding voice. "I wonder what she meant

bythat."

Mary-Lynnette, who was now peering intently through the kitchen while keeping absolutely still,saw

Claudine give one of her slight, charming shrugs.

"I suppose she meant the milk-every day she has fresh milk now. She doesn't have to go to the

store. But I don't know. You'll have to ask her yourself." She laughed.

-252Not going to be easy, Mary-Lynnette thought. Now, why would some strange guy be here asking

questions about Mrs. B.?

Of course. He had to be police or something. FBI.But his voice made her wonder. He sounded too

young to be either, unless he was planning to infiltrate Dewitt High as a narc. Mary-Lynnette edgedfarther

into the kitchen, getting a better view.There-she could see him in the mirror.

Disappointment coursed through her.

Definitely not old enough to be FBI. And much asMary-Lynnette wanted him to be a keen-eyed, quick

witted, hard-driving detective, he wasn't. He was only the handsomest boy she'd ever seen in her life.

He was lanky and elegant, with long legs stretched out in front of him, ankles crossed under the coffee

table. He looked like a big amiable cat. He had deancut features, slightly tilted wicked eyes, and a

disarming lazy grin.

Not just lazy, Mary-Lynnette decided. Fatuous. Bland. Maybe even stupid. She wasn't impressed by

good looks unless they were the thin, brown, and interesting kind, like-well, like Jeremy Lovett for

instance. Gorgeous guys-guys who looked like bigash-blond cats-didn't have any reason to develop their

minds. They were self-absorbed and vain. With IQs barely high enough to keep a seat warm.

And this guy looked as if he couldn't get awake orserious to save his life.

I don't care what he's here for. Ithink I'll go upstairs.

it was then that the guy on the couch lifted onehand, wiggling the fingers in the air. He half-turned. Not

far enough actually to look at Mary-Lynnette,but far enough to make it dear he was talking to

somebody behind him. She could now see his profilein the mirror. "Hi, there."

"Mary-Lynnette, is that you?" Claudine called.

"Yes." Mary-Lynnette opened the refrigerator doorand made banging noises. "Just getting some

juice. Then I'm going out."

Her heard was beating hard-with embarrassmentand annoyance. Okay, so he must have seen her in the

mirror. He probably thought she was staring at him because of the way he looked. He probably had

people staring at him everywhere he went. So what, big deal, go away.

"Don't go yet," Claudine called. "Come out here and talk for a few minutes."

No. Mary-Lynnette knew it was a childish and stupid reaction, but she couldn't help it. She banged a

bottle of apricot juice against a bottle of Calistoga sparkling water.

"Come meet Mrs. Burdock's nephew," Claudine called.

Mary-Lynnette went still.

She stood in the cold air of the refrigerator, lookingsightlessly at the temperature dial in the back. Then

she put the bottle of apricot juice down. She twisted a Coke out of a six-pack without seeing it.

What nephew? I don't remember hearing about any nephew.

But then, she'd never heard much about Mrs. B.'s nieces either, not until they were coming out. Mrs. B.

just didn't talk about her familymuch.

So he's her nephew... that's why he's askingabout her. But does he know? Ishe in on it with those girls?

Or is he after them? Or .. .

Thoroughly confused, she walked into the living room.

"Mary-Lynnette, this is Ash. He's here to visit withhis aunt and his sisters," Claudine said. "Ash,

this isMary-Lynnette. The one who's such good friends with your aunt."

Ash gotup, all in one lovely, lazy motion. Just like a cat, including the stretch in the middle. "Hi."

He offered a hand. Mary-Lynnette touched it withfingers damp and cold from the Coke can, glanced up

at his face, and said "Hi."

Except that it didn't happen that way.

If happened like this: Mary-Lynnette had her eyeson the carpet as she came in, which gave her a good

view of his Nike tennis shoes and the ripped kneesof his jeans. When he stood up she looked at his

T-shirt, which had an obscure design-a black floweron a white background. Probably the emblem of

some rock group. And then when his hand entered her field of vision, she reached for it automatically,

muttering a greeting and looking up at his face justas she touched it. And This was the part that was hard

to describe.

Contact.

Somethinghappened.

Hey, don't I know you?

She didn't. That was the thing. She didn't know him-but she felt that she should. She also felt as if

somebody had reached inside her and touched herspine with a live electric wire. It was extremely not

enjoyable. The room turned vaguely pink. Her throat swelled and she could feel her heart beating there.

Also not-enjoyable. But somehow when you put it alltogether, it made a kind of trembly dizziness like ...

Like what she felt when she looked at the Lagoon Nebula. Or imagined galaxies gathered into dusters

and superclusters, bigger and bigger, until size lost any meaning and she felt herself falling.

She was falling now. She couldn't see anything except his eyes. And those eyes were strange, prismlike,

changing color like a star seen throughheavy atmosphere. Now blue, now gold, now violet.

Oh, take this away. Please, I don't want it.

"It's so good to see a new face around here, isn'tit? We're very boring out here by ourselves,"

Claudine said, in completely normal and slightly flustered tones. Mary-Lynnette was snapped out of her

trance, and she reacted as if Ash had just offered her a mongoose instead of his hand. She jumped

backward,looking anywhere but at him. She had the feeling of being saved from falling down a mine

shaft.

"O-kay," Claudine _ said in her cute accent."Hmm." She was twisting a strand of curly dark hair,

something she only did when she was extremely ner vous. "Maybe you guys know each other already?"

There was a silence.

I should say something, Mary-Lynnette thoughtdazedly, staring at the fieldstone fireplace. I'm acting

crazy and humiliating Claudine.

But what just happened here?

Doesn't matter. Worry later. She swallowed, plastered a smile on her face, and said, "So, how long are

you here for?"

Her mistake was that then she looked at him. Andit all happened again. Not quite as vividly as before,

maybe because she wasn't touching him. But the electric shock feeling was the same.

Andhelooked like a cat who's had a shock. Bristling. Unhappy. Astonished. Well, at least he wasawake,

Mary-Lynnette thought. He and Mary-Lynnettestared at each other while the room spun andturned pink.

"Whoare you?" Mary-Lynnette said, abandoning any vestige of politeness.

"Who areyou?" he said, in just about exactly the same tone.

They both glared.

Claudine was making little clicking noises with her tongue and clearing away the tomato juice. Mary

Lynnette felt distantly sorry for her, but couldn'tspare her any attention. Mary-Lynnette's whole

consciousness was focused on the guy in front of her; on fighting him, on blocking him out. On getting rid

of this bizarre feeling that she was one of two puzzle pieces that had just been snapped together.

"Now, look," she said tensely, at the precise moment that he began brusquely, "Look-"

They both stopped and glared again. Then Mary-Lynnette managed to tear her eyes away. Something

was tugging at her mind... .

"Ash," she said, getting hold of it."Ash. Mrs. Burdockdid say something about you ... about a

littleboy named Ash. I didn't know she was talking abouther nephew."

"Great-nephew," Ash said, his voice not quite steady. "What did she say?"

"She said that you were a bad little boy, and that you were probably going to grow up even

worse."

"Well, she had thatright," Ash said, and his ex pression softened a bit-as if he were on more

familiar ground.

Mary-Lynnette's heart was slowing. She found thatif she concentrated, she could make the strange feel

ings recede. It helped if she looked away from Ash.

Deep breath, she told herself. And another. Okay,now let's get things straight. Let go of what just hap

pened; forget all that; think about it later. What's important now?

What was important nowwas that: 1) This guy was the brother of those girls; 2) He might be in on

whatever had happened to Mrs. B.; and, 3) If he wasn'tin on it, he might be able to help with some

informa tion. Such as whether his aunt had left a will, and if so, who got the family jewels.

She glanced at Ash from the side of her eye. He definitely looked calmer. Hackles going down. Chest

lifting more slowly. They were both switching gear.

"So Rowan and Kestrel and Jade are your sisters," she said, with all the polite nonchalance she

could muster. "They seem nice."

"I didn't know you knew them," Claudine said,and Mary-Lynnette realized her stepmother was

hovering in the doorway, petite shoulder against thedoorjamb, arms crossed, dishtowel in hand. "I told

him you hadn't met them."

"Mark and I went over there yesterday," MaryLynnette said. And when she said it, something

flashed in Ash's face--something there and gone before she could really analyze it. But it made her feelas

ifshe were standing on the edge of a cliff in a cold wind.

Why? What could be wrong with mentioning she'd met the girls?

"You and Mark ...and Mark would be-yourbrother?"

"That's right," Claudine said from the doorway.

"Any other brothers or sisters?"

Mary-Lynnette blinked. "What, you're taking a census?"

Ash did a bad imitation of his former lazy smile. "I just like to keep track of my sisters' friends."

Why?"To see if you approve or something?"

"Actually, yes." He did the smile again, with moresuccess. "We're an old-fashioned family. Very

old-fashioned."

Mary-Lynnette's jaw dropped. Then, all at once,she felt happy. Now she didn't need to think about

murders or pink rooms or what this guy knew. All she needed to think about was what she was goingto

do to him.

"So you're an old-fashioned family," she said, moving a step forward.

Ash nodded.

"And you're in charge," Mary-Lynnette said.

"Well, out here. Back home, my father is."

"And you're just going to tell your sisters which friends they can have. Maybe you get to decide

your aunt's friends, too?"

"Actually, I was just discussing that...."He waved a hand toward Claudine.

Yes, you were, Mary-Lynnette realized. She took another step toward Ash, who was still smiling.

"Oh, no," Claudine said. She flapped her dishtowelonce. "Don't smile."

"I like a girl with spirit," Ash offered, as if he'dworked hard on finding the most obnoxious thing

possible to say. Then, with a sort of determined bravado, he winked, reached out, and chucked

Mary-Lynnette under the chin.

Fzzz! Sparks. Mary-Lynnette sprang back. So didAsh, looking at his own hand as if it had betrayed

him.

Mary-Lynnette had an inexplicable impulse to knock Ash flat and fall down on top of him. She'd never

felt that for any boy before.

She ignored the impulse and kicked him in the shin.

He yelped and hopped backward. Once again the sleepy smugness was gone from his face. He looked

alarmed.

"I think you'd better go away now," Mary-Lynnette said pleasantly. She was amazed at herself.

She'd never been the violent type. Maybe there werethings hidden deep inside her that she'd never

suspected.

Claudine was gasping and shaking her head. Ashwas still hopping, but not going anywhere. MaryLynnette advanced on him again. Even though he was half a head taller, he backed up. He stared at her

in something like wonder.

"Hey. Hey, look, you know, you really don't knowwhat you're doing," he said. "If you knew..."

AndMary-Lynnette saw it again-something in his face that made him suddenly look not fatuous or

amiable at all. Like the glitter of a knife blade in the light. Something that saiddanger... .

"Oh, go bother someone else, " Mary-Lynnette said. She drew back her foot for another kick.

He opened his mouth, then shut it. Still holding his shin, he looked at Claudine and managed a hurt and

miserable flirtatious smile.

"Thanks so much for all your-"

"Go!"

He lost the smile. "That's what I'm doingl" He limped to the front door. She followed him.

"What do they call you, anyway?" he asked from the front yard, as if he'd finally found the

comebackhe'd been looking for. "Mary? Marylin? M'lin?

M.L.?"

"They call me Mary-Lynnette," Mary-Lynnette said flatly, and added under her breath, "That do

speak of me." She'd read The Taming of the Shrew in honors English last year.

"Oh, yeah? How about M'lin the cursed?" He was still backing away.

Mary-Lynnette was startled. So maybe his class hadread it, too. But he didn't look smart enough to

quote Shakespeare.

"Have fun with your sisters," she said, and shutthe door. Then she leaned against it, trying to get

herbreath. Her fingers and face were prickly-numb, as if she were going to faint.

If those girls had only murderedhim, I'd understand, she thought. But they're all sostrange-there's

something seriously weird about that whole family.

Weird in a way that scared her. If she'd believed in premonitions, she'd have been even more scared.

She had a bad feeling-a feeling that things weregoing to happen....

Claudine was staring at her from the living room.

"Very fabulous," she said. "You've just kicked a guest. Now, what was that all about?""He

wouldn't leave."

"You know what I mean. Do you two know eachother?"

Mary-Lynnette just shrugged vaguely. The dizziness was passing, but her mind was swimming with

questions.

Claudine looked at her intently, then shook herhead. "I remember my little brother-when he wasfour

years old he used to push a girl flat on her face in the sandbox. He did it to show he liked her."

Mary-Lynnette ignored this. "Claude-what wasAshherefor? What did you talk about?"

"About nothing," Claudine said, exasperated "Justordinary conversation. Since you hate him so

much,what difference does it make?" Then, as Mary Lynnette kept looking at her, she sighed. "He was

very interested in weird facts about life in the country. All the local stories."

Mary-Lynnette snorted. "Did you tell him about Sasquatch?"

"I told him about Vic and Todd."

Mary-Lynnette froze. "You're jolting Why?"'Because that's the kind of thing he asked about!

People lost in time-"

?Losing time.,?

"Whatever. We were just having a nice conversation. He was a nice boy. Finis. "

Mary-Lynnette's heart was beating fast.

She was right. She was sure of it now. Todd and

Vicwereconnected to whatever had happened with the sisters and Mrs. B. But what was the

Finding Todd and Vic turned out not to be easy.

It was late afternoon by the time Mary-Lynnettewalked into the Briar Creek general store, which sold

everything from nails to nylons to canned peas.

"Hi, Bunny. I don't suppose you've seen Todd orVic around?"

Bunny Marten looked up from behind the counter. She was pretty, with soft blond hair, a round,

dimpled face, and a timid expression. She was in MaryLynnette's class at school. "Did you check over at

theGold Creek Bar?"

Mary-Lynnette nodded. "And at their houses, andat the other store, and at the sheriff's office." The

sheriff's office was also city hall and the public library.

"Well, if they'renot playing pool, they're usuallyplinking." Plinkingwas shooting atcans for practice.

"Yeah, but where?" Mary-Lynnette said.

Bunny shook her head, earrings glinting. "Yourguess is as good as mine." She hesitated, staring down at

her cuticles, which she was pushing back with a little blunt-pointed wooden stick. "But, you know, I've

heard they go down to Mad Dog Creeksometimes." Her wide blue eyes lifted to Mary Lynnette's

meaningfully.

Mad Dog Creek... Oh, great. Mary-Lynnette grimaced.

"I know." Bunny raised her shoulders in a shiver."I wouldn't go down there. I'd be thinking about

that body the whole time."

"Yeah, me, too. Well, thanks, Bun. See you."

Bunny examined her cuticles critically. "Good hunting," she said absently.

Mary-Lynnette went out of the store, squinting in the hot, hazy August sunlight. Main Street wasn'tbig. It

had a handful of brick and stone buildingsfrom the days when Briar Creek had been a gold rush supply

town, and a few modem frame buildings with peeling paint. Todd and Vic weren't in any of them.

Well, what now? Mary-Lynnette sighed. There was no road to Mad Dog Creek, only a trail that was

constantly blocked by new growth and deadfall. And everyone knew more than plinking went on there.

If they're out there, they're probably hunting, she thought. Not to mention drinking, maybe using drugs.

Guns and beer. And then there's that body.

The body had been found last year around thistime. A man; a hiker, from his backpack. Nobody

knew who he was or how he'd died-the corpse wastoo desiccated and chewed by animals to tell. But

people talked about ghosts floating around the creek last winter.

Mary-Lynnette sighed again and got into her station wagon.

The car was ancient, it was rusty, it made alarming sounds when forced to accelerate, but it was hers,

andMary-Lynnette did her best to keep it alive. She loved it because there was plenty of room in back to

store her telescope.

At Briar Creek's only gas station she fished a scrolled fruit knife from under the seat and went to work,

prying at the rusty gas cap cover.

A little higher up ... almost, almost ... now

twist ...

The cover flew open.

"Ever think of going into the safecracking business?" a voice behind her said. "You've got the

touch."

Mary-Lynnette turned. "Hi, Jeremy."

He smiled-a smile that showed mostly in his eyes,which were dear brown with outrageously darklashes.

If I were going to fall for a guy-and I'm not-itwould be for somebody like him.Not for a big blond cat

who thinks he can pick his sisters' friends.

It was a moot point, anyway-Jeremy didn't goout with girls. He was a loner.

"Want me to look under the hood?" He wiped his hands on a rag.

"No, thanks. I just checked everything last week." Mary-Lynnette started to pump gas.

He picked up a squeegee and a spray bottle and began to wash the windshield. His movements were

deft and gentle and his face was utterly solemn.

Mary-Lynnette had to swallow a giggle herself, butshe appreciated him not laughing at the pitted glass

and corroded windshield wipers. She'd always had an odd feeling of kinship with Jeremy. He was the

only person in Briar Creek who seemed even slightlyinterested in astronomy-he'd helped her build a

model of the solar system in eighth grade, and ofcourse he'd watched last year's lunar eclipse with her.

His parents had died in Medford when he was justa baby, and his uncle brought him to Briar Creek in a

Fleetwood trailer. The uncle was strange-alwayswandering off to dowse for gold in the Klamath wil

derness. One day he didn't come back.

After that, Jeremy lived alone in the . trailer in the woods. He did odd jobs and worked at the gas station

to make money. And if his clothes weren't as nice assome of the other kids', he didn't care-or he didn't

let it show.

The handle of the gas hose clicked in MaryLynnette's hand. She realized she had been daydreaming.

"Anything else?" Jeremy said. The windshieldwas dean.

"No ... well, actually, yes. You haven't, um, seenTodd Akers or Vic Kimble today, have you?"

Jeremy paused in the middle of taking her twentydollar bill.

"Why?"

"I just wanted to talk to them," Mary-Lynnettesaid. She could feel heat in her cheeks. Oh, God,

hethinks I want to see Todd and Vic socially-and he thinks I'm crazy for askinghim.

She hurried to explain. "It's just that Bunny saidthey might be down by Mad Dog Creek, so I thoughtyou

might have seen them, maybe sometime this morning, since you live down around there...."

Jeremy shook his head. "I left at noon, but I didn'thear any gunshots from the creek this morning. Ac

tually, I don't think they've been there all summerI keep telling them to stay away."

He said it quietly, without emphasis, but Mary-Lynnette had the sudden feeling that maybe evenTodd

and Vic might listen to him. She'd never knownJeremy to get in a fight. But sometimes a look came into

his level brown eyes that was ..: almost frightening. As if there was something underneath thatquiet-guy

exterior-something primitive and pure and deadly that could do a lot of damage if roused.

"Mary-Lynnette-I know you probably think thisis none of my business, but ... well, I think you

should stay away from those guys. If you really wantto go find them, let me go with you."

Oh. Mary-Lynnette felt a warm flush of gratitude. She wouldn't take him up on the offer ... but it was

nice of him to make it.

"Thanks," she said. "I'll be fine, but ... thanks ."

She watched as he went to get her change insidethe station. What must it feel like to be on your own

since you were twelve years old? Maybe he neededhelp. Maybe she should ask her dad to offer him

some odd jobs around the house. He did them for everyone else. She just had to be careful-she knew

Jeremy hated anything that smacked of charity.

He brought back the change. "Here you go. And, Mary-Lynnette ..."

She looked up.

"If you do find Todd and Vic, be careful."

"I know."

"I mean it."

"I know," Mary-Lynnette said. She had reached for the change, but he hadn't let go of it. Instead

hedid something odd: He opened her curled fingers with one hand while giving her the bills and coins with

the other. Then he curled her fingers back over it. In effect, he was holding her hand.

The moment of physical contact surprised herand touched her. She found herself looking at his thin

brown fingers, at their strong but delicate grip on her hand, at the gold seal ring with the black design that

he wore.

She was even more surprised when she glanced up at his face again. There was open concern in his

eyes-and something like respect. For an instant she had a wild and completely inexplicable impulse to tell

him everything. But she could just imagine what he would think. Jeremy was very practical.

"Thanks, Jeremy," she said, conjuring up a weak smile. "Take care."

"Youtake care. There are people who'd miss you if anything happened." He smiled, but she could

feel his worried gaze on her even as she drove away.

All right,now what?

Well, she'd wasted most of the day looking for

Todd and Vic. And now, with the image of Jeremy's level brown eyes in her mind, she wondered if it

had been a stupid idea from the beginning.

Brown eyes ... and what color eyes did the bigblond cat have? Strange, it was hard to remember.She

thought that they had looked brown at one point when he was talking about his old-fashioned family. But

when he'd said he liked a girl with spirit, she remembered them being a sort of insipid blue. And when

that odd knife-glint had flashed in them, hadn't they been icy gray?

Oh,who cares?Maybe they were orange. Let's just go home now. Get ready for tonight.

How come Nancy Drew always found the people she wanted to interrogate?

Why? Why? Why me?

Ash was staring at a yellow cedar weeping into a creek. A squirrel too stupid to get out of the sun was

staring back at him. On a rock beside him a lizard lifted first one foot, then another.

It wasn't fair. It wasn't right.

He didn't even believe it.

He'd always been lucky. Or at least he'd alwaysmanaged to escape a hairsbreadth away from disaster.

But this time the disaster had hit and it was a total annihilation.

Everything he was, everything he believed abouthimself ... could he lose that in five minutes? For a girl

who was probably deranged and certainly more dangerous than all three of his sisters put together?

No, he concluded grimly. Absolutely not. Not in five minutes. It only took five seconds.

He knew so many girls-nice girls. Witches withmysterious smiles, vampires with delicious curves,

shapeshifters with cute furry tails. Even human girls with fancy sports cars who never seemed to mind

when he nibbled their necks. Why couldn't it have been one of them?

Well, it wasn't. And there was no point in wondering about the injustice of it. The question was, what

was he going todo about it? Just sit back and let fate ride over him like an eighteen-wheeler?

I'm sorryfor your family, Quinn had said to him.

And maybe that was the problem. Ash was a victim of his Redfern genes. Redfern never could stay out

of trouble; they seemed to tangle with humans at every turn.

So was he going to wait for Quinn to come backand then offer that as an excuse? I'm sorry; I can't

handle things here after all; I can't even finishthe investigation.

If he did that, Quinn would call in the Elders and they would investigate for themselves.

Ash felt his expression harden. He narrowed his eyes at the squirrel, which suddenly darted for thetree in

a flash of red fur. Beside him, the lizard stopped moving.

No, he wasn't just going to wait for fate to finish him off. He'd do what he could to salvage the situa

tion-and the family honor.

He'd do it tonight.

"We'll do it tonight," Rowan said. "After it's fully dark, before the moon rises. We'll move her to the

forest."

Kestrel smiled magnanimously. She'd wonthe argument.

"We'll have to be careful," Jade said. "That thingI heard outside last night-it wasn't an animal. I

think it was one of us."

"There aren't any other Night People aroundhere," Rowan said gently. "That was the whole pointof

coming here in the first place."

"Maybe it was a vampire hunter," Kestrel said."Maybe the one that killed Aunt Opal."

"If avampire hunter killed Aunt Opal," Rowansaid. "We don't know that. Tomorrow we should

look around town, see if we can at least get an ideawho mighthave done it."

"And when we find them, we'll take care ofthem," Jade said fiercely.

"And if the thing you heard in the garden turnsup, we'll take care of it, too," Kestrel said. She

smiled, a hungry smile.

Twilight, and Mary-Lynnette was watching thedock. The rest of her family was comfortably, settledin for

the night; her father reading a book about World War II, Claudine working conscientiously on a

needlepoint project, Mark trying to tune up his oldguitar that had been sitting in the basement for years.

He was undoubtedly trying to think of words to rhyme with Jade.

Mary-Lynnette's father looked up from his book. "Going starwatching?"

"Yup. It should be a good night-no moon till aftermidnight. It's the last chance to see some

Perseids."

She wasn't exactly lying. It would be a good night, and she could keep an eye out for stragglers from the

Perseid meteor storm as she walked to Burdock Farm.

"Okay; just be careful," her father said.

Mary-Lynnette was surprised. He hadn't said anything like that for years. She glanced at Claudine, who

jabbed with her needle, lips pursed.

"Maybe Mark should go with you," Claudine said, without looking up.

Oh, God, she thinks I'm unstable, Mary-Lynnette thought. I don't really blame her.

"No, no. I'll be fine. I'll be careful." She said it too quickly.

Mark's eyes narrowed. "Don't you need any help with your stuff?"

"No, I'll take the car. I'll be. fine. Really."Mary Lynnette fled to the garage before her family

could come up with anything else.

She didn't pack her telescope. Instead, she put a shovel in the backseat. She looped the strap of her

camera around her neck and stuck a pen flashlight in her pocket.

She parked at the foot of her hill. Before she gotthe shovel out, she paused a moment to look dutifully

northeast, toward the constellation Perseus.

No meteors right this second. All right. Keys inhand, she turned to open the back of the station

wagon-and jumped violently.

"Oh, God!"

She'd nearly walked into Ash.

Mary-Lynnette's pulse was racing and her knees felt weak. From fear, she told herself. And that's all.

"You nearly gave me a heart attack!" she said. "Doyou always creep up behind people like that?"

She expected some smart-ass answer of either the joking-menacing or the hey-baby variety. But Ashjust

frowned at her moodily. "No. What are you doing out here?"

Mary-Lynnette's heart skipped several beats. But she heard her own voice answering flatly, "I'm

starwatching. I do it every night. You might want to make a note of that for the thought police."

He looked at her, then at the station wagon. "Starwatching?"

"Of course. From that hill." She gestured.

Now he was looking at the camera looped around

her neck. "No telescope," he commented skeptically.

"Or is that what's in the car?"

Mary-Lynnette realized she was still holding the keys, ready to open the back of the wagon. "I didn't

bring a telescope tonight." She went around to the passenger side of the car, unlocked the door, reached

in to pull out her binoculars. "You don't need a telescope to starwatch. You can see plenty with these."

"Oh, really?"

"Yes,really."Now, that was a mistake, Mary -Lynnette thought, suddenly grimly amused. Acting

as if you don't believe me ... just you wait.

"You want to see light from four million yearsago?" she said. Then, without waiting for him to

answer: "Okay. Face east." She rotated a finger at him. "Here, take the binoculars. Look at that line of fir

trees on the horizon. Now pan up ..."She gavehim directions, rapping them out like a drill sergeant. "Now

do you see a bright disk with a kind of smudgeall around it?"

"Um. Yeah."

"That's Andromeda. Another galaxy.But if you tried to look at it through a telescope, you

couldn't seeit all at once. Looking through a telescope is like looking at the sky through a soda straw.

That's all the field of view you get."

................"All right. Okay. Point taken." He started to lower the binoculars. "Look, could we suspend

the starwatching for just a minute? I wanted to talk toyou

"Want tosee the center of ourgalaxy?" Mary -Lynnette interrupted. "Turn south."

She did everything but physically make him turn.She didn't dare touch him. There was so much

adrenaline racing through her system already-if shemade contact she might go supercritical and explode.

"Turn," she said. He shut his eyes briefly, then turned, bringing the binoculars up again.

"You have to look in the constellation Sagittarius." She rattled off instructions. "See that? That's

where the center of the Milky Way is. Where all the star clouds are."

"How nice."

"Yes, it is nice. Okay, now go up and eastyou should be able to find a little dim sort of glow...."

"The pink one?"

She gavehim a quick look. "Yeah, the pink one.Most people don't see that. That's the Trifid Nebula."

"What are those dark lines in it?" Mary-Lynnette stopped dead.

She forgot her drill sergeant manner. She stepped back. She stared at him. She could feel her breath

coming quicker.

He lowered the binoculars and looked at her. "Something wrong?"

"They're dark nebulae. Lanes of dust in front of the hot gas. But ... you can't see them." "I just

did."

"No. No. You can't see those. It's not possible, notwith binoculars. Even if you had nine

millimeter pupils ..." She pulled the flashlight out of her pocket and trained it full in his face.

"Hey!" He jerked back, eyes squeezing shut, hand over them. "That hurt!"

But Mary-Lynnette had already seen. She couldn't tell what color his eyes were right now, because the

colored parts, the irises, were reduced to almost invis ible rings. His eye was all pupil.Like a cat's at maxi

mum dilation.

Oh, my God ...the things he must be able tosee. Eighth-magnitude stars, maybe ninth-magnitude stars.

Imagine that, seeing a Mag 9 star with yournaked eye. To see colors in the star clouds-hot hy drogen

glowing pink, oxygen shining green-blue. To see thousands more stars cluttering the sky .. .

"Quick," she said urgently. "How many stars doyouseein the sky right now?"

"I can't seeanything,"he said in a muffled voice, hand still over his eyes. "I'mblind."

"No, I meanseriously,"Mary-Lynnette said. And she caught his arm.

It was a stupid thing to do. She wasn't thinking. But when she touched his skin, it was like completing a

current. Shock swept over her. Ash dropped hishand and looked at her.

For just a second they were face-to-face, gazes locked. Something like lightning trembled betweenthem.

Then Mary-Lynnette pulled away.

I can'ttakeany more of this. Oh, God, why am Ieven standing here talking to him? I've got enough ahead

of me tonight. I've got abody to find.

"That's it for the astronomy lesson," she said, holding out a hand for the binoculars. Her voice

was justslightly unsteady. "I'm going up the hill now."

-240She didn't ask wherehe was going. She didn't care, as long as it was away.

He hesitated an instant before giving her the binoculars, and when he did he made sure not to touchher.

Fine, Mary-Lynnette thought. We both feel the same.

"Goodbye."

"Bye," he said limply. He started to walk away. Stopped, his head lowered. "What I wanted to

say ..."

"Well?"

Without turning, he said in a flat and perfectly composed voice, "Stay away from my sisters, okay?"

Mary-Lynnette was thunderstruck. So outragedand full of disbelief that she couldn't find words. Then

she thought: Wait, maybe he knows they're killers and he's trying to protect me. Like Jeremy.

Around the sudden constriction in her throat she managed to say, "Why?"

He shook his drooping head. "I just don't thinkyou'd be a very good influence on them. They'rekind of

impressionable, and I don't want them getting any ideas."

Mary-Lynnette deflated. I should have known, shethought. She said, sweetly and evenly, "Ash? Get

She waited another hour after he set off down theroad, heading east-doing what, she had no idea. There

was nothing that way except two creeks andlots of trees. And her house. She hoped he was goingto try

to walk into town, and that he didn't realize how far it was.

All right, he's gone, now forget about him. You'vegot a job to do, remember? A slightly dangerous one.

And he's not involved. I don't believe he knows anything about what happened to Mrs. B.

She got the shovel and started down the road west.As she walked she found that she was able to put

Ash out of her mind completely. Because all she could think of was what was waiting ahead.

I'm not scared to do it; I'm not scared, I'm notscared.... OfcourseI'm scared.

But being scared was good, it would make her careful. She would do this job quickly and quietly. In

through the gap in the hedge, a little fast work with the shovel, out again before anybody saw her.

She tried not to picture what she was going to findwith that shovel if she was right.

She approachedBurdock Farm cautiously, going north and then doubling back southeast to come in

through the back property. The farmland had gone wild here, taken over by poison oak, beargrass, and

dodder, besides the inevitable blackberry bushes and gorse. Tan oaks and chinquapins were moving in.

Sometime soon these pastures would be forest.

I'm not sure I believe I'm doing this, MaryLynnette thought as she reached the hedge that surrounded the

garden. But the strange thing was that she didbelieve it. She was going to vandalize a neighbor's property

and probably look at a dead bodyand she was surprisingly cool about it. Scared but not panicked.

Maybe there was more hidden inside her than she realized.

I may not be who I've always thought I am.

The garden was dark and fragrant. It wasn't theirises and daffodils Mrs. B. had planted; it wasn't the

fireweed and bleeding heart that were growing wild. It was the goats.

Mary-Lynnette stuck to the perimeter of the hedge,eyes on the tall, upright silhouette of the farmhouse.

There were only two windows lit.

Please don't let them see me and please don't letme make a noise.

Still looking at the house, she walked slowly, taking careful baby steps to the place where the earth was

disturbed. The first couple of swipes with the shovel hardly moved the soil.

Okay. Put a little conviction in it. And don't watch the house; there's no point. If they look out, they're

going to see you, and there's nothing you can do about it.

Just as she put her foot on the shovel, somethingwent hooshin the rhododendrons behind her.

Crouched over her shovel,Mary-Lynnette froze.

Stop worrying, she told herself. That's not the sisters. It's not Ash coming back. That's an animal.

She listened. A mournful maaaa came from the goat shed.

It wasn't anything. It was a rabbit. Dig!

She got out a spadeful of dirt-and then she heardit again.

Hoosh.

A snuffling sound. Then a rustling. Definitely an animal. But if it was a rabbit, it was an awfully loud one.

Who cares what it is? Mary-Lynnette told herself.There aren't any dangerous animalsout here. And I'm

not afraid of the dark. It's my natural habitat. I love the night.

But tonight, somehow, she felt differently. Maybe it was just the scene with Ash that had shaken her,

made her feel confused and discontented. But just now she felt almost as if something was trying to tell

her that the dark wasn't any human's natural habitat. That she wasn't built for it, with her weak eyes and

her insensitive ears and dull nose. That she didn't belong.

Hoosh.

I may have rotten hearing, but I can hearthatjustfine. And it's big. Something big's sniffing around in

bushes.

What kind of big animal could be out here? Itwasn't a deer deer went snort-wheeze. It sounded larger

than a coyote, taller. A bear?

Then she heard a different sound the vigorousshaking of dry, leathery rhododendron leaves. In the dim

light from the house she couldseethe branches churning as something tried to emerge.

it's coming out.

Mary-Lynnette clutched her shovel and ran. Nottoward the gap in the hedge, not toward the housethey

were both too dangerous. She ran to the goat shed.

I can defend myself in here-keep it out---hit itwith the shovel....

The problem was that she couldn't see from in here.There were two windows in the shed, but between

dirt on the glass and the darkness outside, Mary-Lynnette couldn't make out anything. She couldn'teven

see the goats, although she could hear them.

Don't turn on the penlight. It'll just give awayyour position.

Holding absolutely still, she strained tohear any thing from outside.

Nothing.

Her nostrils were full of goat. The layers of oat straw and decomposing droppings on the floor were

smelly, and they kept the shed too warm. Her palms were sweating as she gripped the shovel.

I've never hit anybody ... not since Mark and Iwere kids fighting ... but, heck, I kicked a strangerthis

morning... .

She hoped the potential for violence would comeout now when she needed it.

A goat nudged her shoulder.Mary-Lynnette shrugged it away. The other goat bleated suddenlyand she

bit her lip.

Oh, God-I heard something out there. The goatheard it, too.

She could taste her bitten lip. It was like sucking on a penny. Blood tasted like copper, which, she

realizedsuddenly, tasted like fear.

Something opened the shed door.

What happened then was that Mary-Lynnette

Something unholy was after her. Something thatsniffed like an animal but could open doors like ahuman.

She couldn't see what it was-just a shadowdarkness against darkness. She didn't think ofturning on the

penlight-her only impulse was to smash out with the shovel now, to get ft before ft could get her. She was

tingling with the instinct forpure, primordial violence.

Instead, she managed to hiss, "Who is ft? Who'sthere?"

A familiar voice said,"Iknew you were going to do this. I've been lookingeverywherefor you."

"Oh,God, Mark." Mary-Lynnette sagged against wall of the shed, letting go of the shovel.

The goats were both bleating. Mary-Lynnette's earswere ringing. Mark shuffled farther in.

"Jeez, this place smells. What are you doing inhere?"

"Youjerk,"Mary-Lynnette said. "I almost brained you!"

0"You said you were forgetting all this crazy stuff. You lied to me."

"Mark, you don't ...We can talk later.... Did you hearanything out there?" She was trying to

gather her thoughts.

"Like what?" He was so calm. It made MaryLynnette feel vaguely foolish. Then his voice

sharpened. "Like a yowling?"

"No. Like a snuffling." Mary-Lynnette's breath was slowing.

"I didn't hear anything. We'd better get out ofhere. What are we supposed to say if Jade comes

out?"

Mary-Lynnette didn't know how to answer that. Mark was in a different world, a happy, shiny world

where the worst that could happen tonight was embarrassment.

Finally she said "Mark, listen to me. I'm your sister. I don't have any reason to lie to you, or playtricks

on you, or put down somebody you like. AndI don't just jump to conclusions; I don't imagine things. But

I'm telling you, absolutely seriously,that there is something weird going on with these girls."

Mark opened his mouth, but she went on relentlessly. "So now there are only two things you can

believe, and one is that I'm completely out of mymind, and the other is that it's true. Do you really think

I'm crazy?"

She was thinking of the past as she said it, of allthe nights they'd held on to each other when their mother

wassick, of the books she'd read out loud tohim, of the times she'd put Band-Aids on his scrapes and

extra cookies in his lunch. And somehow, even though it was dark, she could sense that Mark was

remembering, too. They'd shared so much. They would always be connected.

Finally Mark said quietly, "You're not crazy."

"Thank you."

"But I don't know what to think. Jade wouldn't hurtanybody. I justknow that. And since I met her

, ."Hepaused. "Mare, it's like now I know why I'm alive.She's different from any girl I've ever known.

She's ____ she's so brave, and so funny, and so ... herself."

And I thought it was the blond hair, MaryLynnette thought. Shows how shallow I am.

She was moved and surprised by the change in Mark-but mostly she was frightened. Frightenedsick.

Her cranky, cynical brother had found somebody to care about at last ... and the girl was probably

descended from Lucrezia Borgia.

And now, even though she couldn't see him, shecould hear earnest appeal in his voice. "Mare, can't we

just go home?"

Mary-Lynnette felt sicker.

She broke off and they both snapped their heads to look at the shed window. Outside a light had gone

on.

"Shut the door," Mary-Lynnette hissed, in a tone that made Mark dose the door to the shed

instantly.

"And be quiet,- she added, grabbing his arm and pulling him next to the wall. She looked

cautiously out the window.

Rowan came out of the back door first, followedbyjade,followed by Kestrel. Kestrel had a shovel.

Oh. My. God.

"What's happening?" Mark said, trying to get alook. Mary-Lynnette damped a hand over his

mouth.What was happening was that the girls were digging up the garden again.

She didn't see anything wrapped in garbage bags this time. So what were they doing? Destroying the

evidence? Were they going to take it into the houseand burn it, chop it up?

Her heart was pounding madly.

Mark had scooted up and was looking out. MaryLynnette heard him take a breath-and then choke.

Maybe he was trying to think of an innocent explanation for this. She squeezed his shoulder.

They both watched as the girls took turns with theshovel. Mary-Lynnette was impressed all over againat

how strong they were. Jade looked so fragile.

Every time one of the sisters glanced around the garden, Mary-Lynnette's heart skipped a beat. Don't

see us, don't hear us, don't catch us, she thought.

When a respectable mound of dirt had piled up, Rowan and Kestrel reached into the hole. They lifted

out the long garbage-bagged bundle Mary-Lynnettehad seen before. It seemed to be stiff-and surpris

ingly light.

For the first time, Mary-Lynnette wondered if it was too light to be a body. Or too stiff ... how longdid

rigor mortis last?

Mark's breathing was irregular, almost wheezing.The girls were carrying the bundle to the gap inthe

hedge.

Mark cursed.

Mary-Lynnette's brain was racing. She hissed,"Mark, stay here. I'm going to follow them-"

"I'm going with you!"

"You have to tell Dad if anything happens to

me-"

"I'm going withyou."

There wasn't time to argue. And something inside Mary-Lynnette was glad to have Mark's strength to

back her.

She gasped, "Come on, then. And don't make asound."

She was worried they might have already lost the sisters--it was such a dark night. But when she and

Mark squeezed through the gap in the rhododendron bushes, she saw a light ahead. A tiny, bobbing

white light. The sisters were using a flashlight.

Keep quiet, move carefully. Mary-Lynnette didn'tdare say it out loud to Mark, but she kept thinking it

over and over, like a mantra. Her whole consciousness was fixed on the little shaft of light that was

leading them, like a comet's tail in the darkness.

The light took them south, into a stand of Douglasfir. It wasn't long before they were walking into forest.

Where are they going? Mary-Lynnette thought. She could feel fine tremors in her muscles as she tried to

move as quickly as possible without making a sound. They were lucky--the floor of this forest was

carpeted with needles from Douglas fir and Ponderosa pine. The needles were fragrant and slightly damp

and they muffled footsteps. Mary-Lynnette could hardly hear Mark walking behind her except when he

hurt himself.

They went on for what seemed like forever. It was pitch dark and Mary-Lynnette very quickly lost any

sense of where they were. Or how they were going to get back.

Oh, God, I was crazy to do this-and to bring Markalong, too. We're out in the middle of the woodswith

three crazy girls....

The light had stopped.

Mary-Lynnette stopped, holding out an arm thatMark immediately ran into. She was staring at thelight,

trying to make sure it really wasn't moving away.

No. It was steady. It was pointed at the ground.

"Let's get loser," Mark whispered, putting his lips against Mary-Lynnette's ear. She nodded and

began to creep toward the light, as slowly and silently asshe knew how. Every few steps she paused and

stood absolutely still, waiting to see if the light was going to turn her way.

It didn't. She got down and crawled the last ten feet to the edge of the clearing where the girls had

stopped. Once there, she had a good view of what they were doing.

Digging. Kestrel had shoveled the pine needles aside and was working on a hole.

Mary-Lynnette felt Mark crawl up beside her,crushing sword fern and woodfem. She could feel his

chest heaving. She knew he saw what she saw.

I'm so sorry. Oh, Mark, I'm so sorry.

There was no way to deny it now. Mary-Lynnetteknew. She didn't even need to look in the bag.

How am I going to find this place again? When I bring the sheriff back, how am I going to remember it?

It's like a maze in one of those computer fantasy games-Mixed Evergreen Forest in every direction,and

nothing to distinguish any bit of it from any other bit.

She chewed her lip. The bed of moist needles she was lying on was soft and springy-actually

comfortable. They could wait here for a long time, until the sisters left, and then mark the trees somehow.

Takephotographs. Tie their socks to branches.

In the clearing the flashlight beam showed a hand putting down the shovel. Then Rowan and Kestrellifted

the garbage-bagged bundle-Jade must beholding the flashlight, Mary-Lynnette thought-and lowered it

into the hole.

Good. Now cover it up and leave.

The beam showed Rowan bending to pick up the shovel again. She began quickly covering the hole with

dirt. Mary-Lynnette was happy. Over soon, she thought, and let out a soft breath of relief.

And in that instant everything in the clearingchanged.

The flashlight beam swung wildly. Mary-Lynnette flattened herself, feeling her eyes widen. She could see

a silhouette against the light-golden hair haloed around the face. Kestrel. Kestrel was standing, facing

Mark and Mary-Lynnette, her body tense and still. Listening. Listening.

Mary-Lynnette lay absolutely motionless, mouthopen, trying to breathe without making a soundThere

were things crawling in the soft, springy needlebed under her. Centipedes and millipedes. She didn'tdare

move even when she felt something tickle acrossher back under her shirt.

Her own ears rang from listening. But the forest was silent ... eerily dent. All Mary-Lynnette couldhear

was her own heart pounding wildly in herchest-although ft felt as if it were in her throat, too.It made her

head bob with its rhythm.

She was afraid.

And it wasn't just fear. It was something shecouldn't remember experiencing since she was nineor ten.

Ghost fear. The fear of something you're not even sure exists.

Somehow, watching Kestrel's silhouette In the dark woods, Mary-Lynnette was afraid of monsters.She

had aterrible,terrible feeling.

Oh, please--I shouldn't have brought Mark here.

It was then that she realized that Mark's breathing was making a noise. Just a faint sound, not a whistling,

more like a cat purring. It was the sound he'd made as a kid when his lungs were bad.

Kestrel stiffened, her head turning, as if to locate a noise.

Oh, Mark, no. Don't breathe. Hold your breath-Everything happened very fast.

Kestrel sprang forward. Mary-Lynnette saw her silhouette come running and jumping with unbelievable

speed. Toofast-nobody moves thatfast .. .

nobody human....

What are these girls?

Her vision came in flashes,as if she were under a strobe light. Kestrel jumping. Dark trees all around. A

moth caught in the beam.

Kestrel coming down.

Protect mark...

A deer. Kestrel was coming down on a deer. Mary-Lynnette's mind was filled with jumbled, careening

images. Images that didn't make sense. She had a wild thought that it wasn't Kestrel at all, but one of

those raptor dinosaurs she'd seen at the movies. Because Kestrel moved like that.

Or maybe ftwasn't a deer-but Mary-Lynnette could seethe white at its throat, as pure as a lace ruffle at

the throat of a young girl. She could see itsliquid black eyes.

The deer screamed.

Disbelief.

I can't be seeing this....

The deer was on the ground, delicate legs thrashing. And Kestrel was tangled with it. Her face buriedin

the white of its throat. Her arms around it.

The deer screamed again. Wrenched violently.Seemed to be having convulsions.

The flashlight beam was all over the place. Then it dropped. At the very edge of the light, Mary-Lynnette

could see two other figures join Kestrel.They were all holding the deer. There was one last spasm and it

stopped fighting. Everything went still. Mary-Lynnette could see Jade's hair, so fine that individual strands

caught the light against the background of darkness.

In the silent Bearing the three figures cradled thedeer. Huddling over it. Shoulders moving rhythmically.

Mary-Lynnette couldn't see exactly what theywere doing, but the general scene wasf,miliar.She'd seen it

on dozens of nature documentaries. About wild dogs or lionesses or wolves. The pack hadhunted and

now ft wasfeeding.

I have always tried... to bea very good observer. And now, I have to believe my own eyes... .

Beside her, Mark's breath wassobbing.

Oh, God, let me get him out of here. Please justlet us get out.

It was as if she'd been suddenly released from paralysis. Her lip was bleeding again-she must havebitten

down on it while she was watchingthe deer.Copperbloodfear filled her mouth.

"Come on," shegasped almost soundlessly, wiggling backward. Twigs and needles raked her

stomachas her T-shirt rode up. She grabbed Mark's arm."Come onl"

Instead, Mark lurched to his feet.

"Mark!" She wrenched herself to her knees andtried to drag him down.

He pulled away. Hetook a step toward theclearing.

No

"Jade!"

He was heading for the clearing.

No, Mary-Lynnette thought again, andthen shewas moving after him. They were caught now, andit really

didn't matter what he did. Butshe wantedto bewith him.

"Jade!" Mark said and he grabbed the flashlight.He turned it directly on the little huddle at the

edgeof the clearing. Three faces turned toward him.

Mary-Lynnette's mind reeled. It was one thing toguess what the girls were doing; it was another thingto

seeit. Those three beautiful faces, white in the flashlight beam ...with what looked like smearedlipstick on

their mouths and chins. Cardinal red, thimbleberry color.

But it wasn't lipstick or burst thimbleberries. It wasblood, and the deer's white neck was stained with it.

Eating the deer, they're really eating the deer;oh, God, they're really doing it....

Some part of her mind-the part that had absorbedhorror movies-expected the three girls to hiss and

cringe away from the light. To block it out with bloodstained hands while making savage faces.

It didn't happen. There were no animal noises, nodemon voices, no contortions.

Instead, as Mary-Lynnette stood frozen in an agonyof horror, and Mark stood trying to get a normal

breath, Jade straightened up.

And said, "What are you guys doing out here?"

In a puzzled, vaguely annoyed voice. The way youwould speak to some boy who keeps following you

everywhere and asking you for a date.

Mary-Lynnette felt her mind spinning off.

There was a long silence. Then Rowan and Kestrelstood up. Mark was breathing heavily, moving the

flashlight from one of the girls to another, but always coming back to Jade.

"What areyoudoing out here; that's the question!"

he said raggedly. The flashlight whipped to the hole, then back tothe girls. "What are you doing?"

"I asked you first," Jade said, frowning. If ft hadJust been her, Mary-Lynnette would have started

towonder if things were so awful after all. if maybethey weren't in terrible danger.

But Rowan and Kestrel were looking at each other,and then at Mark and Mary-Lynnette. And their ex

pressions made Mary-Lynnette's throat close.

"You shouldn't have followed us," Rowan said.She looked grave and sad.

"They shouldn't have beenableto," Kestrel said.She looked grim.

"It's because they smell like goats," Jade said.

"What are you doing?"Mark shouted again, almostsobbing. Mary-Lynnette wanted to reach for

him, butshe couldn't move.

Jade wiped her mouth with the back of her hand."Well, can't youtell?"She turned to her sisters."Now

what are we supposed todo?"

Mary-Lynnette's hearing had gone funny. Sheheard Kestrel's words like a character remembering a

phrase In a bad movie. Kill them, kill them, kill them.

Mark laughed In a very strange way.

This is going to be really rotten for him, MaryLynnette thought, curiously dispassionate. I mean, if we

were going tolive through this, which we're not, it would be really rotten for him. He was already afraidof

girls, and sort of pessimistic about life in general

"Why don't we all sit down?" Rowan said with astifled sigh. "We've got to figure this out."

Mark threw back his head and gave another shortbark of a laugh.

"Why not?" he said. "Let's all sit down, why not?"

They're fast as whippets, Mary-Lynnette thought.If we run now, they'll catch us. But If we sit, and they

get comfortable, and I distract them-or hitthem with something...

"Sitl" she ordered Mark briskly. Rowan and Kestrel moved away from the deer and sat. Jade

stood with her hands on her hips for a moment, then sat,too.

Sitting, Mark was still acting punch-drunk. Hewaved the flashlight around. "You girls aresomethingelse.

You girls are really-"

"We're vampires," Jade said sharply.

"Yeah." Mark laughed quietly to himself. "Yeah," he said again.

Mary-Lynnette took the flashlight away from him. She wanted control of it. And it was heavy plastic and

metal. It was a weapon.

And while one layer of her mind was thinking:Shine the light in their eyesat just the rightmoment andthen

hit oneof them; another part was thinking:Shemeans they'repeoplewhothinkthey're vampires;peoplewith

that weird disease that makes them anemic; and one final part was saying:Youmight as well faceit;they're

real.

Mary-Lynnette's world view had been knocked rightout of the ballpark.

"Don't you justhate that," Mark was saying. "You meet a girl and she seems pretty nice and you

tell all your friends and then before you know it she turnsout to be avampire.Don't you just hate it when

that happens?"

Oh. God, he's hysterical, Mary-Lynnette realized. She grabbed his shoulder and hissed in his ear, "Get a

grip, now.",

"I don't see what the point is in talking to them,Rowan," Kestrel was saying. "You know what wehave to

do."

And Rowan was rubbing her forehead. "I was thinkingwe might influence them," she said in an

undertone.

"You know why that won't work." Kestrel's voice was soft and flat.

"Why?" Jade said sharply.

"They followed us for a reason," Rowan saidtiredly. She nodded toward the hole. "So they've

been suspicious for a while-for how long?" She looked at Mary-Lynnette.

"I saw you dig the hole Tuesday night," MaryLynnette said. She nodded toward the hole. "Is that

your aunt in there?"

There was a brief silence and Rowan looked selfconscious. Then she inclined her head slightly.

Gracefully.

"Oh, hell," Mark said. His eyes were shut and his head was rolling on his neck. "Oh,hell. They've

got Mrs. B. in a bag."

"Two days," Rowan said to Jade. "They've suspected for two whole days. And we can't remove

memories that are interlaced with other things for that long. We'd never know if we got them all."

"Well, we could just takeeverything for the last two days," Jade said.

Kestrel snorted. "And have two more people wandering around with lost time?"

Mary-Lynnette's mind went click. "Todd Akers andVic Kimble," she said. "You did something to give

them amnesia.I knew there had to be a connection."

"There's no other choice for us," Kestrel said quietly to Rowan. "And you know it as well as I

do."

She's not being malicious, Mary-Lynnette realized.Just practical. If a lioness or a wolf or a falcon could

talk, it would say the same thing. "We have to either kill or die; it's as simple as that."

Despite herself, Mary-Lynnette felt something like fascination-and respect.

Mark had his eyes open now. And Rowan was looking sad, so sad. It's awful, her expression said, but

somebody here is going to have to get hurt.

Rowan bowed her head, then lifted it to face MaryLynnette directly. Their eyes met, held. After a

moment Rowan's face changed slightly and she nodded.

Mary-Lynnette knew that in that instant they werecommunicating without words. Each recognizing the

other as an alpha female who was willing to fightand die for her kin.

Meaning they were both big sisters.

Yes, somebody's going to get hurt, Mary-Lynnette thought. You threaten myfamily,I fight back.

She knew Rowan understood. Rowan was going to really hate killing her....

"No," a voice said passionately, and MaryLynnette realized it was Jade. And the next second

Jade was on her feet, hands clenched, words erupting like a steam boiler exploding. "No, youcan'tkill

Mark. I won'tletyou."

Rowan said, "Jade, I know this is hard-"Kestrel said, "Jade, don't be a wimp-"

Jade was trembling, body tensed like a cat ready to fight. Her voice was louder than either of them.

"You just can't do itl I think -Ithink-" "Jade-"

"I thinkhe's my soulmate!"

Dead silence.

Then Rowan groaned. "Oh, dear..."

Kestrel said, "Oh,sure."

They were both looking at Jade. Focused on her. Mary-Lynnette thought, now.

She swung the flashlight viciously at Kestrel, wanting to take her out first, betting that Rowan would stay

behind if Kestrel were hurt. But the swing never connected, Mark threw himself in front of her, slamming

into her arm.

"Don't hurt Jade!"

Then everything was just a mad tangle. Arms, legs,grasping fingers, kicking feet. Jade and Mark both

yelling for it to stop. Mary-Lynnette felt the flashlight wrenched out of her hand. She found long hair, got

hold of it, yanked. Someone kicked her, and pain blossomed in her ribs.

Then she felt herself being dragged backward Mark was holding her, pulling her away from thefight.

Jade was lying on top of Kestrel and clutching at Rowan.

Everybody was panting. Mark was almost crying.

"We just can't do this," he said. "This is terrible.This is all wrong."

Meanwhile Jade was snarling, "He's my soulmate,okay?Okay? I can't do anything with himdead!"

"He's not your soulmate, idiot," Kestrel said in a somewhat muffled voice. She was facedown on the

carpet of needles. "When you're soulmates, it hits you like lightning, and you know that's the one person

in the world you were meant to be with. Youdon'tthink you're soulmates; you just know it's your destiny

whether you like it or not."

Somewhere, deep in Mary-Lynnette's brain, something stirred in alarm. But she had more urgentthings

to worry about.

"Mark, get out of here," she said breathlessly. ?Run!?

Mark didn't even ease his grip. "Why do we have to be enemies?"

"Mark, they're killers .You can't justify that. They killed their own aunt."

Three faces turned toward her, startled. A half-fullmoon had risen above the trees, and Mary-Lynnette

could see them clearly.

"We didnot!" Jade said indignantly.

"What made you think that?" Rowan asked.Mary-Lynnette felt her mouth hang open. "Be cause

you buried her, for God's sakel"

"Yes, but we found her dead."

"Somebody staked her," Kestrel said, brushingpine needles out of her golden hair. "Probably a

vampire hunter. I don't suppose you'd know anything

about that."

Mark gulped. "Staked her-with a stake?"

"Well, with a picket from the fence," Kestrel said. "She was already dead?" Mary-Lynnette said

toRowan. "But then why on earth did you bury her

in the backyard?"

"It would have been disrespectful to leave her in the cellar."

'But why didn't you have her taken to a cemetery?"Rowan looked dismayed.

Jade said, "Um, you haven't seen Aunt Opal."

"She's not looking so good," Kestrel said. "Kind ofhard and stiff. You might say mummified."

"It's what happens to us," Rowan said almostapologetically.

Mary-Lynnette slumped back against Mark, trying to get her new world view into place. Everything was

whirling.

"So... you were just trying to hide her. But ... you did do something to Todd Akers and Vic

Kim-"

"Theyattackedus," Jade interrupted. "They were thinking very bad things and they pinched our

arms."

"They-?" Mary-Lynnette sat up suddenly. All at once she understood. "Oh, my God. Those jerks!"

Why hadn't she thought of that? Todd and Vielast year there bad been rumors about them jumping some

girl from Westgrove. So they'd tried it on these girls, and ...

Mary-Lynnette gasped and then snorted with half inhaled laughter. "Oh, no. Oh, I hope you got them

good

"We just bit them a little," Rowan said.

"I wish I'd been there tosee it."

She was laughing. Rowan was smiling. Kestrel was grinning barbarically. And suddenly Mary-Lynnette

knew that they weren't going to fight anymore.

Everybody took a deep breath and sat back and looked at one another.

They do look different from normal humans, Mary-Lynnette thought, staring at them in the moonlight. It's

so obvious once you know.

They wereinhumanly beautiful, of course. Rowanwith her soft chestnut hair and sweet face; Kestrelwith

her feral sleekness and golden eyes; Jade with her delicate features and her hair like starshine. Likethe

Three Graces, only fiercer.

"Okay," Rowan said softly. "We seem to have asituation here. Now we've got to figure

somethingout."

"We won't tell on you," Mark said. He and Jadewere gazing at each other.

"We've got Romeo and Juliet on our hands here is what we've got," Mary-Lynnette said to

Rowan.

But Kestrel was speaking to Rowan, too. "No matterwhatthey promise, how do we know we can be

lieve them?"

Rowan considered, eyes roving around the clearing. Then she let out a long breath and nodded.

"There's only one way," she said. "Blood-tie."

Kestrel's eyebrowsflew up. "Oh, really?"

"What is it?" Mary-Lynnette asked.

"A blood-tie?" Rowan looked helpless. "Well, it's akinship ceremony, you know." When

Mary-Lynnette just looked at her, she went on: "It makes our families related. It's like, one of our

ancestors did it with a family of witches.:'

Witches, Mary-Lynnette thought. Oh ...gosh. Sowitches are real, too. I wonder how many other things

are real that I don't know about?

"Vampires don't usually get along with witches," Rowan was saying. "And HunterRedfern-that's our

ancestor-had a real blood feud going with themback in the sixteen hundreds."

"But then he couldn't have kids," Jade said gleefully. "And he needed a witch to help or the

wholeRedfern familywould end with him. So he had to apologize and do a kinship ceremony. And then

he had all daughters.Ha ha."

Mary-Lynnette blinked. Ha ha?

"So, you see, we're part witch. All the Redfern are," Rowan was explaining in her gentle teachingvoice.

"Our father used to say that's why we're so disobedient," Jade said. "Because it's in our genes .

Because in witchfamilies, womenare in charge."

Mary-Lynnette began to like witches. "Ha ha," shesaid. Mark gave her a skittish sideways look.

"The point is that we could do a ceremony like that now," Rowan said. "It would make us family

forever. We couldn't betray each other."

"No problem," Mark said, still looking at Jade.

"Fine with me,"Jade said, and gave him a quick, fierce smile.

But Mary-Lynnette was thinking. It was a serious thing Rowan was talking about. You couldn't do

something like this on a whim. It was worse than adopting a puppy; it was more like getting married. It

was a lifetimeresponsibility. And even if these girls didn't kill humans, they killed animals. With their teeth.

But so did people. And not always for food. Wasit worse to drink deer blood than to make baby cows

into boots?

Besides, strange as it seemed, she felt dose to the three sisters already. In the last couple of minutesshe'd

established more of a relationship with Rowanthan she ever had with any girl at school. Fascination and

respect had turned into a weird kind of instinctive trust.

And besidethat, what other real choice was there? Mary-Lynnette looked at mark, and then atRowan.

She nodded slowly.

"Okay."

Rowan turned to Kestrel.

"So I'm supposed to decide, am I?" Kestrel said."We can't do it without you," Rowan said. "You

know that."

Kestrel looked away. Her golden eyes were narrowed. In the moonlight her profile was absolutely

perfect against the darkness of trees. "It would mean we could never go home again. Make ourselves kin

to vermin? That's what they'dsay."

"Who's vermin?" Mark said, jolted out of his communion with Jade.

Nobody answered. Jade said, with odd dignity, "Ican't go home, anyway. I'm in love with an Outsider.

And I'm going to tell him about the Night World. SoI'm dead no matter what." Mark was opening his

mouth-to protest that Jade shouldn't take such arisk forhim,Mary-Lynnette thought-when Jade added

absently, "And so is he, of course."

Mark shut his mouth.

Rowan said "Kestrel, we've come too far to go back."

Kestrel stared at the forest for another minute orso. Then suddenly she turned back to the others,

laughing. There was something wild in her eyes.

"All right, let's go the whole way," she said. "Tell them everything. Break every rule. We might as

well."

Mary-Lynnette felt a twinge. She hoped she wasn'tgoing to regret this. But what she said was "Just how

do we do this-ceremony?"

"Exchange blood. I've never done it before, but it's simple."

"It might be a little bit strange, though," Jade said "because you'll be a little bit vampires

afterward."

"A little bit what?" Mary-Lynnette said, her voice rising in spite of her.

"Just a little bit." Jade was measuring out tiny bitsof air between her index finger and thumb. "A

drop."

Kestrel cast a look skyward. "It'll go away in a few days," she said heavily, which was what

MaryLynnette wanted to know.

"As long as you don't get yourself bitten by a vampire again in the meanwhile," Rowan added.

"Otherwise, it's perfectly safe. Honestly."

Mary-Lynnette and Mark exchanged glances. Not to discuss things, they'd gone beyond that now. Just

to brace themselves. Then Mary-Lynnette took a deep breath and flicked a bit of fern off her knee.

It felt like a jellyfish sting.

Mary-Lynnette kept her eyes shut and her face turned away as Rowan bit into her neck. She was

thinking of the way the deer had screamed. But thepain wasn't so bad. It went away almost immediately.

She could feel warmth at her neck as the bloodflowed, and, after a minute, a slight dizziness. A

weakness. But the most Interesting thing was that allat once she seemed to have a new sense. She could

sense Rowan's mind.It was like seeing, but withouteyes-and using different wavelengths than visual light.

Rowan's mind-her presence-was warmred, like glowing embers in a campfire. It was alsofuzzy and

rounded like a ball of hot gas floatingIn space.

Is this what psychics mean when they talk aboutpeople having an aura?

Then Rowan pulled back, and it was over. The new sense disappeared.

Mary-Lynnette's fingers went automatically to herneck. She felt wetness there. A little tenderness.

"Don't fool with it," Rowan said, brushing at herlips with her thumb. "It'll go away in just a

minute."

Mary-Lynnette blinked, feeling languid. She lookedover at Mark, who was being released by Kestrel.

He looked okay, if a little dazed. She smiled at him'and he raised his eyebrows and shook his head

slightly.

I wonder what his mind looks like, Mary-Lynnettethought. Then she said, startled, "What are you

doing?"

Rowan had picked up a twig and was testing itsend for sharpness.

"Every species has some substance that's harmfulto it," she said. "Silver for werewolves, iron for

witches...and wood for vampires. It's the onlything out here that will cut our skin," she added.

"I didn't mean that. I meantwhy, " Mary-Lynnettesaid, but she knew why already. She watched

rednessbead in the wake of the twig as Rowan drew it across her wrist.

Exchange blood, Rowan had said.

Mary-Lynnette gulped. She didn't look at markand Kestrel.

I'll do it first and then he'll see it's not so bad, shetold herself. I can do this, I can do this.... It's so wecan

stayalive.

Rowan was looking at her, offering her wrist.

Copperbloodfear, Mary-Lynnette thought, feeling queasy.

She shut her eyes and put her mouth to Rowan'swrist.

Warmth. Well-being. And a taste not like copper, but like something rich and strange. Later, she'd al

ways grope for ways to describe it, but she could onlythink of things like: well, a little bit like the way

vanilla bean smells, and a little bit like the way silk feels, and a little bit like the way a waterfall looks. It

was faintly sweet.

Afterward, she felt as if she could run up mountains.

"Oh, boy," Mark said, sounding giddy. "If you could bottle that stuff, you'd make millions."

"It's been thought of before," Kestrel said coolly. "Humans hunting us for our blood."

"Talk later," Rowan said firmly. "Blood-tie now."

Kestrel's mind was gold. With brilliant knifelikeedges sending glitters in every direction.

"Okay, Jade," Rowan said. "Mark. Enough, you guys. Let go of each other now."

Mary-Lynnette saw that she was physically pullingMark and Jade apart. Mark was wearing a silly smile,

and Mary-Lynnette felt the tiniest stab of envy. What would it be like to see the mind of somebody you

were in love with?

Jade's mind was silver and lacy, an intricate filigreed sphere like a Christmas ornament. And by the time

Mary-Lynnette sat back from drinking Jade's blood, she felt light-headed and sparkling. As if she had a

mountain stream in her veins.

"All right," Rowan said. "Now we share the sameblood." She held out a hand, and Jade and

Kestrel did the same. Mary-Lynnette glanced at Mark, then they each reached out, all their hands

meeting like spokes in a wheel.

"We promise to be kin to you, to protect and defend you always," Rowan said. She nodded to

Mary-Lynnette.

"We promise to be kin to you," Mary-Lynnetterepeated slowly. "To protect and defend you

always."

"That's it," Rowan said simply. "We're family."

Jade said, "Let's go home."

They had to finish burying Aunt Opal first. MaryLynnette watched as Rowan scattered pine needles over

the grave.

"You inherit our blood feuds, too," Kestrel told Mary-Lynnette pleasantly. "Meaning you have to

help us find out who killed her."

"I've been trying to do that all along."

They left the deer where it was. Rowan said,"There are already lots of scavengers around here. It won't

be wasted."

Yep, that's life, Mary-Lynnette thought as they leftthe clearing. She glanced behind her-and for justan

instant she thought she saw a shadow there anda glint of greenish-orange eyes at her own eye level. It

was much too big for a coyote.

She opened her mouth to tell the others ... and the shadow was gone.

Did I imagine that? I think my eyes are goingfunny. Everything seems too bright.

All her senses seemed changed-sharpened. Itmade it easier to get out of the woods than it had been

getting in. Mark and Jade didn't walk hand inhand-that would have been impractical-but Jade looked

back at him frequently. And when they got to rough spots, they helped each other.

"You're happy, aren't you?" Mary-Lynnette said softly when she found herself beside Mark.

He gave a startled, sheepish grin, white in the moonlight. "Yeah. I guess I am." After a minute hesaid,

"It's like-I don't know how to describe it, butit's like I belong with Jade. She reallysees me. I mean, not

the outside stuff. She sees me inside,andshe likes me. Nobody else has ever done that .. .except you."

"I'm happy for you."

"Listen," he said. "I think we should start looking around for you. There are lots of guys around

here-"

Mary-Lynnette snorted. "Mark. If I want to meeta guy, I'll meet a guy. I don't need any help."

He gave the sheepish grin again. "Sorry."

But Mary-Lynnette was thinking. Ofcourseshe'd like to find somebody who would accept her

completely, who would share everything with her. That was everybody's dream. But for how many

people did it come true?

And there weren'tlots of guys around here....She found herself thinking of Jeremy Lovett again. His dear

brown eyes ...

But she couldn't hold the picture. It kept dissolving--.to her horror-into eyes that flashed blue andgold

and gray, depending on the way they caught the light.

Oh, God,no. Ash was the last person who would understand her. And she didn't want to share a bus

seat with him, much less her life.

"What I want to know is who madeyou guys vam pires," Mark said. They were sitting on oversize,

overstuffed Victorian furniture in the living room at Burdock Farm. Rowan had a fire going in the

fireplace. "Was it the old lady? Your aunt?"

"It wasn't anybody," Jade said, looking affronted."We're not made vampires. We're the lamia."

She pronounced it LAY-mee-uh.

Mark looked at her sideways. "Uh-huh. Andwhat's that?"

"It's us. It's vampires that can have babies, and eat,and drink, and get old if we let ourselves, and

livein families.Thebest kind of vampires."

"It's a race of vampires, basically," Kestrel said."Look, there are two different kinds of vampires,

okay? The kind who start out as humans and are changed when a vampire bites them, and the kindthat

are bornvampires. That's the kind we are. Our line goes back-well, let's say a long way."

"The longest," Jade broke in again. "We're Redferns; we go back to prehistoric times."

Mary-Lynnette blinked. "But you three don't go back that far, do you?" she said nervously.

Rowan stifled a laugh. "I'm nineteen; Kestrel's seventeen; Jade is sixteen. We haven't stopped aging

yet."

Kestrel was looking at Mary-Lynnette. "How olddid our aunt look to you?""Um, around seventy,

seventy-five, I guess."

"When we last saw her she looked maybe forty," Kestrel said. "That was ten years ago, when

she left our island."

"But she'd actually been alive for seventy-four years at that point," Rowan said. "That's what

happens to us-if we stop holding off the aging process, it all catches up at once."

"Which if you've been alive for five or six hundredyears can be quite interesting," Kestrel said

dryly.

Mary-Lynnette said, "So this island where youcome from-is that the Night World?"

Rowan looked startled. "Oh, no, it's just a safe town. You know, a place where our people all live

without any humans. Hunter Redfern founded itback in the sixteenth century so we'd have some where

safe to live."

"The only problem," Kestrel said, golden eyesglinting, "is that people there are still doing thingsthe

way they did in the sixteenth century. Andthey made a rule that nobody couldleave-exceptfor some of the

men and boys that they trusted completely."

Like Ash, I guess, Mary-Lynnette thought. Shewas about to say this, but Rowan was speakingagain.

"So that's why we ran away. We didn't want tohave to get married when our father told us to.

Wewanted to see the human world. We wanted-"

"To eat junk food," Jade caroled. "And read magazines and wear pants and watch TV."

"When Aunt Opal left the island, she didn't tell anybody where she was going-except me,"

Rowan said. "She told me she was going to this little town called Briar Creek where her husband's family

had built a house a hundred and fifty years ago.,,,

Mary-Lynnette ran her fingers through the silky tassels of a forest-green pillow. "Okay, but-whereis the

Night World, then?"

"Oh... it's not a place...." Rowan looked uncertain. "This is-it's kind of hard to tell you, actually,"

she said. "You're not even supposed to know it exists. The two very first laws of the Night World are

that you never let a human find out about it ...and that you never fall in love with a human."

"And Jade's breaking both this minute," Kestrel murmured.

Jade just looked pleased.

"And the penalty for both is death-for everybody involved," Rowan said. "But ... you're family.

Here goes." She took a steadying breath. "The Night World is a sort of secret society. Not just of

vampires. Of witches and werewolves and shape shifters, too. All the different kinds of Night People.

We're everywhere."

Everywhere?Mary-Lynnette thought. It was an unnerving idea-but an interesting one. So therewas a

whole world out there she'd never knownabout-a place to explore, as alien as the Androm eda galaxy.

Mark didn't seem too disturbed by the thought of vampires everywhere. He was grinning at Jade, leaning

with one elbow on the arm of the dark green couch. "So, can you read minds? Can you read my mind

right now?"

cats who have heard something theirhumanscan't. An instant later, though. Mary-Lynnette heard it, too.

The sound of feet on the front porch--tap, tap,tap-asquick as that. And then a thud.

"Hey, somebody'sout there," Jade said, and before Mark could stop her, she was up and

heading for the door.

"Soulmates can read each other's minds without even trying," Jade told Mark firmly.

Soulmates ... Mary-Lynnette wanted to get on toa different subject. She felt uncomfortable, tingly.

"I wish you'd stop saying that. What you have ismuch better than being soulmates," Rowan was tell

ing Jade. "With love you get to find out about aperson first. Being soulmates is involuntary-youdon't even

have tolikethe person when you meetthem. They may be completely wrong for you inevery way-wrong

species, wrong temperament, wrong age. But you know you'll never be completely happy again without

them."

More and more tingly. Mary-Lynnette had to say something. "And what if thathappenedto you-if you

found somebody and you were soulmates with them and you didn't want to be?" she asked Rowan. She

realized that her voice was strange--thick. "Isn'tthere any way you could-get rid of it?"

There was a pause. Mary-Lynnette saw everyoneturn to look at her.

"I've never heard of one," Rowan said slowly. Her brown eyes were searching Mary-Lynnette's.

"But I guess you could ask a witch ... if you had that problem."

Mary-Lynnette swallowed. Rowan's eyes weregentle and friendly-and Mary-Lynnette felt a very strong

need to talk to someone, someone who would understand.

"Rowan

Jade-wait a minutel" Mark said.

Jade, of course, didn't wait even a second. But shelost time undoing the bolts on the front door, and

Mary-Lynnette could hear the quick tap, tap, tap of somebody running away.

Jade threw the door open, darted out onto theporch-and screamed. Mary-Lynnette crowded forward

and saw that Jade had put her foot into oneof the holes where the porch was missing a board. Everybody

who didn't know the place did that. Butthat wasn't what had made her scream.

It was the goat.

"Oh, God," Mark said. "Oh, God-who would dothat?"

Mary-Lynnette took one look and felt a burning inher chest and arms-a painful, bad feeling. Her lungs

seemed to contract and her breath was forced out.

Her vision blurred.

"Let's get it inside," Rowan said. "Jade, are youall right?"

Jade was taking In ragged, whooping breaths. Shesounded the way Mary-Lynnette felt. Mark leaned

over to help pull her out of the hole.

Rowan and Kestrel were lifting the goat by its legs.Mary-Lynnette was backing into the house, teeth

clamped on her already-bitten lip. The taste of copperwas like a blood dot in her mouth.

They put the goat on an old-fashioned patternedrug in the entrance to the living room. Jade's whooping

breaths turned into gasping sobs.

"That's Ethyl," Mary-Lynnette said. She felt like sobbing too.

She knelt beside Ethyl. The goat was pure white, with a sweet face and a broad forehead. Mary

Lynnette reached out to touch one hoof gently. She'dhelped Mrs. B. trim that hoof with pruning shears.

"She's dead," Kestrel said. "You can't hurt her."Mary-Lynnette looked up quickly. Kestrel's face

was composed and distant. Shock rippled under MaryLynnette's skin.

"Let's take them out," Rowan said.

"The hide's ruined already," Kestrel said.

"Kestrel, please-"

Mary-Lynnette stood. "Kestrel, shut up!"

There was a pause. To Mary-Lynnette's astonishment, the pause went on. Kestrel stayed shut up.

Mary-Lynnette and Rowan began to pull the little wooden stakes out of the goat's body.

Some were as small as toothpicks. Others were longer than Mary-Lynnette's finger and thicker than

a shish kebab skewer, with a dull point at one end.Somebody strong did this, Mary-Lynnette thought.

Strong enough to punch splinters of wood throughgoat hide.

Over and over again. Ethyl was pierced everywhere. Hundreds of times. She looked like a porcupine.

"There wasn't much bleeding," Rowan said softly."That means she was dead when it was done.

Andlook here." She gently touched Ethyl's neck. Thewhite coat was crimson there-just like the deer,

Mary-Lynnette thought.

"Somebody either cut her throat or bit it," Rowansaid. "So it was probably quick for her and she

bledout. Not like ..."

"What?" Mary-Lynnette said.

Rowan hesitated. She looked up at Jade. Jade sniffled and wiped her nose on Mark's shoulder.

Rowan looked back at Mary-Lynnette. "Not like Uncle Hodge." She looked back down and carefully

loosened another stake, adding it to the pile theywere accumulating. "You see, they killed Unde Hodge

this way, the Elders did. Only he was alivewhen they did it."

For a moment Mary-Lynnette couldn't speak. Thenshe said, "Why?"

Rowan pulled out two more stakes, her face controlled and intent. "For telling a human about theNight

World."

Mary-Lynnette sat back on her heels and lookedat Mark.

Mark sat down on the floor, bringing Jade withhim.

"That's why Aunt Opal left the island," Rowansaid.

"And now somebody's staked Aunt Opal," Kestrel said. "And somebody's killed a goat in the

same wayUnde Hodge was killed."

"Butwho?" Mary-Lynnette said.

Rowan shook her head. "Somebody who knowsabout vampires."

Mark's blue eyes looked darker than usual and alittle glazed. "You were talkingbefore about a vam pire

hunter.

"That gets my vote," Kestrel said.

"Okay, so who around here is a vampire hunter?What's a vampire hunter?"

"That's the problem," Rowan said. "I don't knowhow you could tell who is one. I'm not even sure

Ibelieve in vampire hunters."

"They're supposed to be humans who've found out about the Night World," Jade said, pushing

tears outof her eyes with her palms. "And they can't get otherpeople to believe them-or maybe they don't

want other people to know. So they hunt us. You know, trying to kill us one by one. They're supposed

toknow as much about the Night World as Night People do."

"You mean, like knowing how your uncle was executed" Mary-Lynnette said.

"Yes, but that's not much of a secret," Rowan said."I mean, you wouldn't have to actually know

aboutUncle Hodge to think of it-It's the traditionalmethod of execution among the lamia. There aren't

many things besides staking and burning that will killa vampire."

Mary-Lynnette thought about this. It didn't getthem very far. Who would want to kill an old ladyand a

goat?

"Rowan? Why did your aunt have goats? I mean, I always thought it was for the milk, but..."

"It was for the blood, I'm sure," Rowan saidcalmly. "If she looked as old as you said, she

probablycouldn't get out into the woods to hunt."

Mary-Lynnette looked at the goat again, trying tofind other dues, trying to be a good observer detached,

methodical. When her eyes got to Ethyl's muzzle, she blinked and leaned forward.

"I-there's something in her mouth."

"Please tell me you're joking," Mark said.

Mary-Lynnette just waved a hand at him. "Ican't-I need something to...hang on a sec." Sheran into the

kitchen and opened a drawer. She snagged a richly decorated sterling silver knife and ran back to the

living room.

"Okay," she grunted as she pried Ethyl's teeth farther open. There wassomething in

there-something like a flower, but black. She worked it out with her fingers.

"Silence of the Goats," Mark muttered.

Mary-Lynnette ignored him, turning the disintegrating thing over in her hands. "It looks like aniris-but it's

spray-painted black."

Jade and Rowan exchanged grim glances. "Wellthis has somethingto do with the Night World," Rowan

said. "If we weren't sure of that before, weare now. Black flowers are the symbols of the Night World."

Mary-Lynnette put the sodden iris down. "Symbols, like ... ?"

"We wear them to identify ourselves to each other.You know, on rings or pins or clothes or

things like that. Each species has its own kind of flower, andthen there are other flowers that mean you

belongto a certain dub or family. Witches use black dahlias, werewolves use black foxglove; made

vampires use black roses ..."

"And there's a chain of dubs called the Black Iris,"Kestrel said, coming to stand by the others. "I

know because Ash belongs to one."

"Ash... " Jade said, staring at Kestrel with widegreen eyes.

Mary-Lynnette sat frozen. Something was tugginginsistently at the corner of her consciousness. Some

thing about a black design....

"Oh, God," she said. "Oh, God-I know somebody who wears a ring with a black flower on it."

Everyone looked at her.

"Who?" Mark said, at the same time as Rowansaid it. Mary-Lynnette didn't know which of them

looked more surprised.

Mary-Lynnette struggled with herself for a minute.

"It's Jeremy Lovett," she said finally. Not toosteadily.

Mark made a face. "That oddball. He lives by himself in a trailer in the woods, and last summer ..."

Mark's voice died out. His jaw dropped, and when he spoke again, it was more slowly. "And last sum

mer they found a body right out near there."

"Can you tell?" Mary-Lynnette asked Rowan qui

etly. "If somebody's a Night Person?"

"Well ..." Rowan looked dismayed. "Well-not for sure. If somebody was experienced at shielding

their mind ...Well, we might be able to startle them into revealing something. But otherwise, no. Notfor

certain. "

Mark leaned back. "Oh, terrific. Well, I think Jeremy would make a great Night Person. Actually, so

would Vic Kimble and Todd Akers."

"Todd," Jade said. "Now, wait a minute." Shepicked up one of the toothpicks that had been em

bedded in the goat and stared at it.

Rowan was looking at Mary-Lynnette. "No matterwhat, we should go and see your friend Jeremy. He'll

probably turn out to be completely innocent-sometimes a human gets hold of one of our rings or pins,

and then things get reallyconfusing. Especially if they wander into one of our dubs...."

Mary-Lynnette wasn't so sure. She had a terrible, terrible sick feeling. The way Jeremy kept to himself,

the way he always seemed to be an outsider atschool--even his untamed good looks and his easy way of

moving ... No, it all seemed to lead to one conclusion. She had solved the mystery of Jeremy Lovett at

last, and it wasnot a happy ending.

Kestrel said "Okay, fine; we can go check this Jeremy guy out. But what about Ash?"

"What about Ash?" Rowan said. The last stake wasout. She gently turned one side of the rug

over the body of the goat, like a shroud.

"Well, don't you see? It's his dub flower. Somaybe somebody from his dub did it." "Urn, I know

I'm starting to sound like a brokenrecord," Mark said. "But I don't know what you're talking about.

Who's Ash?"

The three sisters looked at him. Mary-Lynnette looked away. After so many missed opportunities, it

was going to sound extremely peculiar when she casually mentioned that, oh, yes, she'd met Ash. Twice.

But she didn't have a choice anymore. She had to tell.

"He's our brother," Kestrel was saying.

"He's crazy," Jade said.

"He's the only one from our family who migh.know that we're here in Briar Creek," Rowan said.

"He found megiving a letter to Crane Linden to smuggle off the island. But Idon't think he noticedAunt

Opal's address on it. He's not much good at noticing things that aren't about him."

"You can say that again," Jade said. "All Ashthinksabout is Ash. He's completely self-centered."

"All he does is chase girls and party," Kestrel said,with one of those smiles that made

Mary-Lynnette wonder if she really disapproved. "And hunt."

'He doesn't like humans,"Jade said. "If he didn't like chasing human girls and playing with them, he'd

probably be planning towipe out all the humans and take over the world."

"Sounds like a great guy," Mark said.

"Well, he's sort of conservative," Rowan said. 'Politically, I mean. Personally, he's--"

"Loose," Kestrel suggested, eyebrows up.

"To put it mildly," Jade agreed. "There's only onething he wants when he goes after human girls

besides their cars, I mean."

Mary-Lynnette's heart was pounding. With every second that passed it was getting harder to speak up.

And every time she took a breath, somebody else started talking.

0"So, wait you think he did all this stuff?" Mark asked.

"I wouldn't put it past him," Kestrel said. Jade nodded vigorously.

"But his own aunt ,"Mark said.

"He'd do it if he thought the honor of the familywas involved," Kestrel said.

"Yes, well, there's one problem with all that," Rowan said tightly. "Ash isn't here. He's in

California."

What happened then was interesting. Mary-Lynnette got to see the sisters do all the things she'dmissed

earlier in the clearing. All the hissing and the clawed fingers. Just like the movies.

Except that when a vampire hissed, it sounded real. Like a cat, not like a person imitating a cat. All three

girls jumped up and stood ready to fight.

There wasn't any weird grimacing. But Jade and Kestrel were showing teeth that were long and

beautifully curved, coming to delicate feline points that indented the lower lip.

And something else. Their eyes changed. Jade's silvery-green eyes went even more silvery. Kestrel's

golden eyes looked jewel-yellow, like a hawk's. Even Rowan's eyes had a dark light in them.

"Oh, boy," Mark whispered. He was standing beside Jade, staring from her to Ash.

Ash said, "Hi."

Don't look at him, Mary-Lynnette told herself. Herheart was pounding wildly and her knees were

trembling. The attraction of particle to antiparticle,she thought, remembering a line from last year'sphysics

lass. But there was another, shorter namefor it, and no matter what she said to herself, she couldn't keep

it out of her mind.

Soulmates.

Oh, God, I really don't want this. Please, please, Ididn't ask for this. I want to discover a supernova and

study mini-quasars at the Gamma Ray Observatory. I want to be the one who solves the mystery of

where all the dark matter in the universe is.

I don't want this.

It should have happened to someone like BunnyMarten, someone who spent timelonging for romance.

The only thing Mary-Lynnette longed for wassomebody to understand ...

... to understand the night with you,a distant part ofher mind whispered.

And instead here she was, stuck with a guy whose own sisters were terrified of him.

It was true. That was why they were standingpoised to fight, making threatening noises. Even Kestrel

was afraid of him.

The moment Mary-Lynnette realized that, anger washed out the trembling dismay inside her. Whatever

she felt about Ash, she wasn't afraid of him.

"Don't you ever knock?" she said and walked toward him. Strode toward him.

She had to hand it to her new family. Both Jadeand Kestrel tried to grab her and keep her from getting

close to their brother. Protecting her. MaryLynnette shook them off.

Ash eyed her warily.

"Oh. You," he said. Unenthusiastically.

"What are you doing here?"

"It's my uncle's house."

"It's your aunt's house and you weren't invited."

Ash looked at his sisters. Mary-Lynnette could justsee little wheels turning in his head. Had they already

told about the Night World or not? Of course, if they hadn't, their behavior should be giving somebody a

due. Most human girls didn't hiss.

Ash held one finger up. "Okay. Now, listen"

Mary-Lynnette kicked him in the shins. She knew it was inappropriate, she knew it was uncalled-for,

but she couldn't stop herself. She just had to.

"Oh, for God's sake," Ash said, hopping backward.

"Are you crazy?"

"Yes, she is," Mark said, abandoning Jade and hurrying forward to take Mary-Lynnette's arm.

"Everybody knows she's crazy. She can't help it." He backedup, pulling. He was looking at

Mary-Lynnette as if she'd taken all her clothes off and started to dance the mambo.

So were Kestrel and Jade. Their eyes had gone ordinary, their teeth retracted. They'd never seen

anyone treat their brother quite this way. And to have a human doing it ...

If the girls had superhuman strength, Ash was undoubtedly even stronger. He could probably flatten

Mary-Lynnette with one blow.

She still couldn't help it. She wasn't afraid of him, only of herself and the stupid floating feeling in her

stomach. The way her legs wanted to fold under her.

"Will somebody just tell her not to do that anymore?" Ash was saying.

Kestrel and Jade looked sideways at Mary-Lynnette. Mary-Lynnette shrugged at them, her breath

coming quickly.

She saw that Rowan was looking at her, too, butnot in the same dumbfounded way. Rowan looked

worried and surprised and sorry.

"You've met," she said.

"I should have told you," Mary-Lynnette said. "Hecame to our house. He was asking my

stepmotherabout you and your friends-saying that he needed to approve them because he was head of

the family."

All three girls looked at Ash with narrowed eyes.

"So you have been around," Kestrel said. "Forhow long?"

Rowan said quietly, "What are -you really doinghere?"

Ash let go of his shin. "Can we all sit down and talk about this like reasonable people?"

Everyone looked at Mary-Lynnette. She took a deep, calming breath. She still felt as if her entire skin

was electrified, but her heart was slowing down. "Yes," she said and worked at looking normal so they'd

know her temporary insanity was over.

As he helped her to the couch, Mark whispered, "I have to tell you, I've never seen you act so immature

before. I'm proud of you."

Even big sisters have to have some off time, Mary-Lynnette thought. She patted him vaguely and sat,

feeling tired.

Ash settled in a plush-covered chair. Rowan andKestrel sat beside Mary-Lynnette. Mark and Jade

shared an ottoman.

"All right," Ash said. "Now can we fast introduce ourselves? I presume that's your brother."

"Mark," Mary-Lynnette said. "Mark, that's Ash."

Mark nodded. He and Jade were holding hands. Mary-Lynnette saw Ash's eyes drop to their

intertwined fingers. She couldn't tell anything from his expression.

"Okay. Now." Ash looked at Rowan. "I'm here to take you back home, where everyone misses

you violently."

Jade breathed, "Give me a break."

Kestrel said, "What if we don't want to be taken?" and showed her teeth briefly. Mary-Lynnette didn't

find that strange. What she found strange was that Ash didn't return the smile. He didn't look lazy or

sardonic or smug right then. He looked like somebody who wants to get a job over with.

Rowan said, "We can't go home, Ash." Her breathing was slightly irregular, but her chin was high.

"Well, you have to come home. Because otherwisethere are going to be some fairly drastic

consequences."

"We knew that when we left," Jade said, with aslittle emotion as Rowan. Her chin was high, too.

"Well, I don't think you've really thought itthrough." Ash's voice had an edge.

"We'd rather die than go back," Jade said.

Kestrel glanced at her quickly, one eyebrow raised.

"Oh, well, fine, I'll just make a note of that," Ash said tightly. Then his expression darkened. He

lookedmore determined than Mary-Lynnette would have thought he could look. Not in the least like a

big blond cat. Like a lanky, elegant pale tiger.

"Now, listen," he said. "There are a few smallthings that you don't understand, and I don't have

any time to play games. So how about we send yourlittle friends home and then we can all have a fam ily

talk."

Mary-Lynnette's hands clenched into fists.

Mark clutched at Jade, who pushed him awayslightly with her elbow. She was frowning. "I think maybe

you'd better," she said.

"I'm not going to leave you."

Rowan bit her lip. "Mark ..."

"I'm not going. Don't try to protect me. He's not stupid, sooner or later he's going to find out that

we know about the Night World."

Rowan drew in her breath involuntarily. Kestrel's expression never changed, but her muscles. tensed as

if for a fight. Jade's eyes went silver. Mary-Lynnette sat very still.

They all looked at Ash. Ash looked heavenward.

"I know you know," he said with deadly patience."I'm trying to get you out, you poor sap, before

I find out how much you know."

The sisters stared. Mary-Lynnette opened hermouth and then shut it again.

"I thought you didn't like humans," Mark said. "I don't; I hate them," Ash said with brittle cheer.

"Then why would you want to cut me a break?""Because if I kill you, I have to kill your sister,"

Ash informed him, with a smile that would have fit in perfectly at the Mad Hatter's tea party.

"So what; she kicked you."

Ash stopped tossing answers back like footballs.

"Yeah, well, I may change my mind any minute." "No, wait, " Jade said. She was sitting with legs

folded under her, staring at her brother fiercely.

"This is just too weird. Why would you care whathappens to a human?"

Ash didn't say anything. He looked at the fire place bitterly.

It was Rowan who said softly, "Because they're soulmates."

An instant of silence, then everybody started talking explosively.

"They're what? You mean, like what Jade and Iare?"

"Oh, Ash, this is rich. I just wish our father were here to see this."

"It is not my fault, "Mary-Lynnette said. She found everyone turning toward her, and realized that

her eyes were full.

Rowan leaned across Kestrel to put her hand on Mary-Lynnette's arm.

"You mean it's really true?Mark said, looking from Mary-Lynnette to Ash.

"It's true. I guess. I don't know what it's supposed to be like," Mary-Lynnette said, concentrating

on making the tears go away.

"It's true," Ash said moodily. "It doesn't meanwe're going todo anything about it."

"Oh, you've got that right," Mary-Lynnette said. She was glad to be angry again.

"So let's all just pick up our toys and go home,"Ash said in the general direction of his sisters.

"We'llforget all about this; we'll just agree that it neverhappened."

Rowan was watching him, shaking her head slightly.There were tears in her eyes, but she was smiling.

"I never thought I'd hear you say something likethat," she said. "You've changed so much-I can't

believe it."

"I can't believe it, either," Ash said bleakly. "Maybe it's a dream."

"But you have to admit now that humans aren'tvermin. You couldn't be soulmates with vermin."

"Yes. Fine. Humans are terrific. We all agree; nowlet's go home."

"When we were kids, you were like this," Rowan said. "Before you started acting like you were

better than everyone. I always knew a lot of that was just show. To hide how scared you were. And I

always knew you didn't really believe a lot of the horriblestuff you said. Somewhere inside, you're still

that nice little kid, Ash."

Ash produced his first really flashingsmile of theevening. "Don't bet on it."

Mary-Lynnette had listened to all this feeling shakier and shakier. To conceal it, she said to Rowan, "I

don't think your aunt thought so."

Ash sat up. "Hey, where is the old hag, anyway?I need to have a talk with her before we leave."

This silence seemed endless.

"Ash ... don't you know?" Rowan said.

"Of course he knows. Ten to one, he did it," Kestrel said.

"What is it that I'm supposed to know?" Ash said, with every sign of being about to lose his

patience.

"Your aunt's dead," Mark told him.

"Somebody staked her," Jade added.

Ash looked around the room. His expression said he suspected it was a practical joke. Oh, God, Mary

Lynnette thought numbly, when he's startled and bewildered like that he looks so young. Vulnerable.

Almost human.

"Somebody ... murdered ... Aunt Opal. That's what you're telling me?"

"Are you telling us that you don't know?" Kestrel asked. "What have you beendoing all night,

Ash?"

"Banging my head against a rock," Ash said. "Thenlooking for you. When I walked in you were

talking about me."

"And you didn't run across any livestock tonight?Any-let's say-goats?"

Ash gave her a long, incredulous look. "I fed, if that's what you're asking. Not on a goat.Whatdoes this

have to do with Aunt Opal?"

"I think we'd better show him," Rowan said.

She was the one who got up and lifted the fold ofrug away from the goat. Ash walked around thecouch

to see what she was doing. Mary-Lynnette turned to watch his face.

He winced. But he controlled it quickly.

Rowan said quietly, "Look at what was in the goat's mouth."

Ash picked up the black flower gingerly. "An Iris. So?"

'Been to your club recently?" Kestrel asked.

Ash gave her a weary look. "If I had done this, why would I sign it with an iris?"

"Maybe to tell us who did it."

"I don't have to kill goats to say things, you know. I can talk."

Kestrel looked unimpressed. "Maybe this way the message has a little more impact."

"Do I looklike the kind of person who wastes time turning goats into pincushions?"

"No. No, I don't think you did this," Rowan said inher quiet way. "But somebodydid-probably

whoever killed Aunt Opal. We've been trying to figure outwho."

"Well, who have we got for suspects?"

Everyone looked at Mary-Lynnette. She looked away.

"There's one who's pretty prime," Mark said. "Hisname's Jeremy Lovett. He's a real-"

"Quiet guy," Mary-Lynnette interrupted. If anyonewas going to describe Jeremy, it was going to be her.

"I've known him since elementary school, and I would never,ever have believed he could hurt any

body-especially an old lady and ananimal."

"But his uncle was crazy," Mark said. "And I'veheard things about hisfamily-"

"Nobodyknows anything about his family," Mary-Lynnette said. She felt as if she were struggling to keep

her head above water, with barbells tied to herwrists and ankles. What was dragging her downwasn't

Mark's suspicion - It was her own. The littlevoice in her head that was saying, "But he seemed like such

a nice guy"--and which meant, of course, that he wasn't.

Ash was watching her with a brooding, intent expression. "What does this Jeremy look like?"

Something about the way he said it irritated MaryLynnette beyond belief. "What do you care?"

Ash blinked and shifted his gaze. He shrugged minimallyand said with forced blandness, "Just curious."

"He'svery handsome," Mary-Lynnette said.Gooda way to let out her anger and frustration.

"And the thing is that he looks very intelligent andsensitive-it's not empty good looks. He's got hair that's

sort of the color of Ponderosa pinecones andthe most wonderful brown eyes.... He's thin andtan and a

little bit taller than me, because I'm normally looking at his mouth...."

Ash didn't look pleased. "I saw somebody vaguelylike that at the gas station -in town." He turned to

Rowan. "You think he's some kind of outlawvampire?"

"Obviously not a made vampire because MaryLynnette has watched him grow up," Rowan said.

"I was thinking more that he might be renegade lamia.But there's not much use in trying to figure it out

from here. Tomorrow we can go and see him, and then we'll know more. Right?"

Mark nodded. Jade nodded. Mary-Lynnette took adeep breath and nodded.

Ash nodded and said, "All right, I see why you can't go home until this is solved. So, we'll figureout who

killed Aunt Opal, and then we'll take the appropriate action, and then we'll go home. Got it?"

His sisters exchanged glances. They didn't answer.

As she and mark walked back to their house,Mary-Lynnette noticed that Sirius had lifted abovethe

eastern horizon. It hung like a jewel, brighterthan she had ever seen it before-much brighter. Itseemed

almost like a miniature sun, flashing with blue and gold and violet rays.

She thought the effect must be psychological,,until she remembered that she'd exchanged blood with

Jade sat in the wing chair, holding Tiggy upsidedown on her lap, petting his stomach. He was purring but

mad. She stared down into indignant, glowing green eyes.

"The other goat," Kestrel announced from the doorway, saying the word as if it were something

not mentioned in polite society, "is just fine. So you can let the cat out."

Jade didn't think so. There was somebody crazy inBriar Creek, and she planned to keep Tiggy safe

where she could see him.

"We're not going to have to feed on the goat, are we?" Kestrel asked Rowan dangerously.

"Of course not. Aunt Opal did because she was tooold to hunt." Rowan looked preoccupied as

she answered.

"I like hunting," Jade said. "It's even better thanI thought it would be." But Rowan wasn't listening

she was biting her lip and staring into the distance. "Rowan, what?"

"I was thinking about the situation we're in. You and Mark, for one thing. I think we need to talk

about that."

Jade felt reflexive alarm. Rowan was in one of herorganizing moods-which meant you could blink and

find that she'd rearranged all your bedroom furnitureor that you were moving to Oregon. "Talk about

what?" she said warily.

"About what you two are going todo. Is he going to stay human?"

"It's illegal to change him," Kestrel put in pointedly.

"Everything we've done this week is illegal,"Rowan said. "And if they exchange blood again well,

it's only going to take a couple of times. Do you want him a vampire?" she asked Jade.

Jade hadn't thought about it. She thought Mark was nice the way he was. But maybehe would wantto be

one. "What are you going to do with yours?" she asked Ash, who was coming slowly downstairs.

"My what?" He looked sleepy and irritable.

"Your soulmate. Is Mary-Lynnette going to stayhuman?"

"That's the other thing I've been worrying about," Rowan said. "Have you thought at all, Ash?"

"I can't think at this hour in the morning. I don'thave a brain yet."

"It's almost noon," Kestrel said scornfully.

"I don't care when it is. I'm still asleep." He wandered toward the kitchen. "And you don't need to

worry," he added, looking back and sounding more awake. "Because I'm not doinganythingwith the girl

and Jade's not doing anything with the brother. Because we're goinghome."He disappeared.

Jade's heart was beating hard. Ash might act frivolous, but she saw the ruthlessness underneath. She

looked at Rowan.

"Is Mary-Lynnettereally his soulmate?"

Rowan leaned back, her brown hair spreading likea waterfall on the green brocade of the couch. "I'm

afraid so."

"But then how can he want to leave?"

"Well ..." Rowan hesitated. "Soulmates don't always stay together. Sometimes it's too much-the

fire and lightning and all that. Some people just can'tstand it."

Maybe Mark and I aren't really soulmates, Jade thought. And maybe that's good. It sounds painful.

"Poor Mary-Lynnette," she said.

A dear voice sounded in her mind:Whydoesn'tanybody say "Poor Ash"?

"Poor Mary-Lynnette," Jade said again.

Ash reappeared. "Look," he said and sat down onone of the carved mahogany chairs. "We need to get

things straight. It's not just a matter ofme wanting you to come home. I'm not the only one who knows

you're here."

Jade stiffened.

Kestrelsaid, almost pleasantly,"Youtold somebody?"

"I was staying with somebody when the family called to say you were missing. And he was there

when I realized where you must have gone. He also happens to be an extremely powerful telepath. So

just consider yourself lucky I convinced him to let me try to get you back."

Jade stared at him. She did consider herself lucky. She also considered it strange that Ash would go to

such trouble for her and Rowan and Kestrel-for any bodybesides Ash. Maybe she didn't know her

brother as well as she thought.

Rowan said, very soberly, "Who was it?"

"Oh, nobody." Ash leaned back and looked moodily at the ceiling. "Just Quinn."

Jade flinched. Quinn ... that snake .He had a heart like a glacier and he despised humans. He was the

sort to take Night World law into his own hands if he didn't think it was being enforced properly.

"He's coming back on Monday to see if I've takencare of the situation," Ash said. "And if I

haven't,we're all dead-you, me, and your little human buddies."

Rowan said, "So we've got until Monday to figuresomething out."

Kestrel said, "If he tries anything on us, he's in fora fight."

Jade squeezed Tiggy to make him growl.

Mary-Lynnette had been sleeping like a stone-buta stone with unusually vivid dreams. She dreamed

about stars brighter than she'd ever seen and starclouds shimmering in colors like the northern lights. She

dreamed about sending an astronomical telegram to Cambridge, Massachusetts, to register her claim for

discovering a new supernova. About being the firstto see it with her wonderful new eyes, eyes thatshe

saw in a mirror-were all pupil, like an owl's or a cat's....

Then the dream changed and she was an owl, swooping down in a dizzying rush from a hollow Douglas

fir. She seized a squirrel in her talons andfelt a surge of simple joy. Killing felt so natural. All she had to

do was be the best owl she could be, and grab food with her feet.

But then a shadow fell over her from somewhereabove. And in the dream she felt a terrible sick real

ization-that even hunters could be hunted. And that something was after her....

She woke up disoriented-not as towhere shewas, but as to who she was. Mary-Lynnette or a hunter

being chased by something with white teeth in themoonlight? And even when she went downstairs, she

couldn't shake off the sick feeling from her dream.

"Hi," Mark said. "Is that breakfast or lunch?"

"Both," Mary-Lynnette said, sitting down on the family room couch with her two granola bars.

Mark was watching her. "So," he said, "have you been thinking about it, too?"

Mary-Lynnette tore the wrapper off a granola bar with her teeth. "About what?"

" Youknow."

Mary-Lynnette did know. She glanced around to make sure Claudine wasn't in earshot." Don't think

about it."

"Why not?" When she didn't answer, he said,"Don't tell me you haven't been wondering what it

would be like. To see better, hear better, be telepathic...and live forever. I mean, we could see the year

three thousand. You know, the robot wars, colonizing other planets.... Come on, don't tell me you'renot

even a little curious."

All Mary-Lynnette could think of was a line from a Robert Service Poem: Andthe skies of nightw re

alive with light, with a throbbing, thrilling flame... .

"I'm curious," she said. 'But there's no point in wondering. They do things we couldn't do-they

kill"

She put down her glass of milk as if she'd lost herappetite. She hadn't, though-and wasn't that the

problem? She ought to be sick to her stomach at just the thought of killing, of drinking blood from a

warm body.

Instead, she was scared. Of what was out there inthe world-and of herself.

"It'sdangerous,"she said aloud to Mark. "Don'tyousee? We've gotten mixed up in this Night

World-and it's a place where bad things can happen. Not just bad like flunking a class. Bad like ..."

... white teeth in the moonlight ...

"Like getting lolleddead," Mary-Lynnette said. "And that's serious, Mark. It's not like the

movies."

Mark was staring at her. "Yeah, but we knew that already." His tone said "What's the big deal?"

And Mary-Lynnette couldn't explain. She stood up abruptly. "If we're going over there, we'd better get

moving," she said. "It's almost one o'clock."

The sisters and Ash were waiting at Burdock Farm.

"You and Mark can sit in the front with me," MaryLynnette told Jade, not looking at Ash. "But I

don't think you'd better bring the cat."

"The cat goes," Jade said firmly, getting in. "OrI don't."

Mary-Lynnette put the car in gear and pulled out.

As they came in sight of the small duster of buildings on Main Street, Mark said, "And there it is,

downtown Briar Creek in all its glory. A typical Friday afternoon, with absolutely nobody on the streets."

He didn't say it with his usual bitterness. MaryLynnette glanced at him and saw that it was Jade he was

talking to. And Jade was looking around with genuine interest, despite the cat's claws embedded in her

neck.

"Somebody'son the streets," she said cheerfully. "It's that. boy Vic. And that other one, Todd.

And grown-ups."

Mary-Lynnette slowed as she passed the sheriff'soffice but didn't stop until she reached the gas station at

the opposite corner. Then she got out and looked casually across the street.

Todd Akers was there with his father, the sheriff and Vic Kimble was there with his father. Mr. Kimble

had a farm east of town. They were all getting into the sheriff's car, and they all seemed very excited.

Bunny Marten was standing on the sidewalk watching as they left.

Mary-Lynnette felt a twinge of fear. This is what it's like when you have a terrible secret, she thought.

You worry about everything that happens, and wonder if it's got something to do with you, if it's going to

get you caught.

"Hey, Bunnyl" she called. "What's going on?"

Bunny looked back. "Oh, hi, Mare." She walkedunhurriedly-Bunny never hurried-,acrossthe street.

"How're you doing? They're just going to check out that horse thing."

"What horse thing?"

"Oh...didn't you hear?" Bunny was looking behind Mary-Lynnette now, at Mark and the four

strangers who were getting out of the station wagon. Suddenly her blue eyes got rounder and she

reached up to fluff her soft blond hair.

Now, I wonder who she's just seen, Mary-Lynnettethought ironically. Who could it be?

"Hi" Ash said.

"We didn't hear about the horse thing," MaryLynnette said, gently prompting.

"Oh... um, one of Mr. Kimble's horses cut his throat on barbed wire last night. That's what

everybody was sayingthis morning. But just now Mr.Kimble came into town and said that he didn't think

it was barbed wire after all. He thinks ... somebody did it on purpose. Slashed its throat and left it todie."

She hunched her shoulders in a tiny shiver.. Theatrically, Mary-Lynnette thought.

"You see?" Jade said. "That's why I'm keeping my eye on Tiggy."

Mary-Lynnette noticed Bunny eyeing Jade. "Thanks,Bun."

"I've got to get back to the store," Bunny said,but she didn't move. Now she was looking at

Kestreland Rowan.

"I'll walk you there," Ash said gallantly. Withwhat, Mary-Lynnette thought, must be his usual

putting-the-moves-on manner. "After all, we don't know what could be lurking around here."

"It's broad daylight," Kestrel said disgustedly, but Ash was already walking Bunny away.

MaryLynnette decided she was glad to get rid of him.

"Who was that girl?" Rowan asked, and something in her voice was odd.

Mary-Lynnette glanced at her in surprise. "Bunny Marten. I know her from school.What's wrong?"

"She was staring at us," Rowan said softly.

"She was staring at Ash. Oh, and probably youthree, too. You're new and you're pretty, so she's

probably wondering which boys you'll take fromher."

"I see."But Rowan still looked preoccupied.

"Rowan, what is it?"

"It's nothing. I'm sure it's nothing. It's just thatshe's gota lamia name."

" Bunny?"

" Well." Rowan smiled. "Lamia are traditionallynamed after natural things--gems andanimalsand

flowers and trees. So Bunny' would be a lamianame-and isn't a marten a kind of weasel?"

Something was tugging at the edges of Mary-Lynnette's consciousness again. Something about Bunny ...

about Bunny and ... wood ...

It was gone. She couldn't remember. To Rowan she said,"But-can you sense something suspiciousabout

her or anything? I mean, does she seemlike one of you? Because otherwise I just can't see Bunny as a

vampire. I'm sorry; I just can't."

Rowan smiled. "No, I don't sense anything. And I'm sure you'reright-humans can have names likeours,

too. Sometimes it gets confusing."

For some bizarre reason Mary-Lynnette's mind wasstill on wood. "You know, I don't see why you

name yourselves after trees. I thought wood was dangerous for you."

"It is-,and that makes it powerful. Tree names are supposed to be some of the most powerful

nameswe have."

Ash was coming out of the general store. Immediately Mary-Lynnette turned around and looked for

Jeremy.

She didn't see him in the empty gas station, butshe heard something-something she realized she'dbeen

hearing for several minutes. Hammering.

"Come on, let's go around back," she said, alreadywalking, not waiting for Ash to reach them.

Kestreland Rowan went with her.

Jeremy was around back. He was hammering a long board across a broken window. There wereshards

of thick, greenish-tinted glass all over the ground. Light brown hair wasfalling in his eyes ashe struggled to

hold the board steady.

" What happened?" Mary-Lynnettesaid. She moved automatically to hold the right end of the

board in place for him.

He glanced up at her, making a grimace of reliefas he let go of the board. "Mary-Lynnette-thanks. Hang

on a sec."

He reached into his pocket for nails and began driving them in with quick, sure blows of the hammer.

Then he said, "I don't know what happened.Somebody broke it last night. Made a real mess."

"Last night seems to have been a busy night," Kestrel said dryly.

Jeremy glanced back at the voice. And then ... his hands went still, poised with the hammer and nail. He

was looking at Kestrel, and at Rowan beside her,looking a long time. At last he turned to MaryLynnette

and said slowly, "You need more gas already?"

"Oh-no. No." I should have siphoned some out,Mary-Lynnette thought. Nancy Drew would defi

nitely have thought of that. "I justit's been knocking a lotthe engine-and I thought you could lookat

it-under the hood-since you didn't last time."

Incoherent and pathetic, she decided in the silencethat followed. And Jeremy's dear brown eyes were

still searching her face.

"Sure, Mary-Lynnette," he said-not sarcastically, but gently. "As soon as I get finished."

Oh, hecan't be a vampire. And so what am I doing here, lying to him, suspecting him, when he's only

ever been nice to me? He's the type to help old ladies, not kill them.

Sssssss.

She started as the feral hiss tore through the silence. It came from behind her, and for one horrible instant

she thought it was Kestrel. Then she saw thatJade and Mark had rounded the comer, and that Tiggy was

fighting like a baby leopard in Jade's arms. The kitten was spitting and clawing, black fur standing on end.

Before Jade could get a better grip, he climbed up her shoulder and leaped, hitting the ground running.

" Tiggy! "Jade shrieked. She took off after him, silvery blond hair flying, agile as a kitten herself.

Markfollowed, ricocheting off Ash who was just comingaround the comer himself. Ash was knocked into

thegas station wall.

"Well, that was fun," Kestrel said.

But Mary-Lynnette wasn't really listening. Jeremywas staring at Ash-and his expression gave Mary

Lynnette coldchills.

And Ash was staring back with eyes as green as glacier ice. Their gazes were locked in something like

instantaneous, instinctive hatred. Mary-Lynnette felt a quiver of fear for Jeremy-but Jeremy didn't seem

afraid for himself. His muscles were tight and he looked ready to defend himself.

Then, deliberately, he turned away. Turned hisback on Ash. He readjusted the board-and MaryLynnette did what she should have done in the beginning. She looked at his hand. The ring on his index

finger glinted gold, and she could just make out the black design on the seal. A tall duster of bell-shaped flowers. Not an iris,not a dahlia, not a rose. No-there was only one flower

Rowan had mentioned that this could possiblybe. It grew wild around here and it was deadly poison.

Foxglove.

So now she knew.

Mary-Lynnette felt hot and sick. Her hand began to tremble on the board she was holding. She didn't

want to move, but she couldn't stay here.

"I'm sorry-1 have to get something-" The words came out in a painful gasp. She knew everyone

wasstaring at her. She didn't care. She let go of the board and almost ran away.

She kept going until she was behind the boardedup windows of the Gold Creek Hotel. Then she leaned

against the wall and stared at the place where town ended and the wilderness began. Motes of dust

danced in the sunlight, bright against a dark background of Douglas fir.

I'm so stupid. All the signs were there, right in front of my face. Why didn't I seebefore? I guess because

I didn't want to ....

"Mary-Lynnette."

Mary-Lynnette turned toward the soft voice. She resisted the impulse to throw herself into Rowan's

arms and bawl.

"I'll be okay in just a few minutes. Really. It's just a shock."

"Mary-Lynnette ..."

"It's just-it's just that I've known him so long.It's not easy to picture himyou know. But I guess it

just goes to show you. People are never what they seem."

"Mary-Lynnette-" Rowan stopped and shook her head. "Just what are you talking about?"

"Him.Jeremy. Of course." Mary-Lynnette took abreath. The air felt hot and chokingly dusty. "He

did

it. He really did it."

"Why do you think so?"

"Why?Because he's a werewolf. "

There was a pause and Mary-Lynnette suddenly felt embarrassed. She looked around to make sure

nobody was in earshot, and then said more quietly,"Isn't he?"

Rowan was looking at her curiously. "How did you know?"

"Well-you said black foxglove is for werewolves. And that's foxglove on his ring. How did you

know?"

"I just sensed it. Vampire powers are weaker insunlight, but Jeremy isn't trying to hide anything.

He's right out there."

"He sure is," Mary-Lynnette said bitterly. ' I should have sensed it. I mean ... he's the only person

in town who was interested in the lunar eclipse. And the way he moves, and his eyes ... and he livesat

Mad Dog Creek, for God's sake. I mean, that land's been in his family for generations.And'

-Mary-Lynnette gave a sudden convulsive sniffle-"people say they've seen the Sasquatch around there. A

big hairy monster, half person and half beast. Now, what does that sound like?"

Rowan was standing quietly, her expression grave-but her lips were twitching. Mary-Lynnette's vision

blurred and wetness spilled onto her cheeks.

"I'm sorry." Rowan put a hand on her arm. "I'mnot laughing."

"I thought he was a nice guy," Mary-Lynnettesaid, turning away.

"I still think he is," Rowan said. "And actually,

really, you know, it means he didn'tdo it." "The fact that he's a nice guy?" "The fact that he's a werewolf."

Mary-Lynnette turned back." What?"

"You see," Rowan said, "werewolves are different. They're not like vampires. They can't drink a

little blood from people and then stop without doing anyreal harm. They kill every time they hunt-because

they have to eat."Mary-Lynnette gulped, but Rowanwent on serenely. "Sometimes they eat the whole

animal,but they always eat the internal organs, theheart and liver. They have to do it, the same way that

vampires need to drink blood."

"And that means ..."

"He didn't kill Aunt Opal. Or the goat. They wereboth intact." Rowan sighed. "Look.

Werewolves and vampires traditionally hate each other. They've been . rivals forever, and lamia think of

werewolves as sort of-lower class. But actually a lot of them are gentle.They only hunt to eat."

"Oh," Mary-Lynnette said hollowly. Shouldn't shebe happier about this? "So the guy I thought

was nice just has to eat the odd liver occasionally."

"Mary-Lynnette, you can't blame him. How can I explain? It's like this: Werewolves aren't

people whosometimes turn into wolves. They're wolves who sometimes look like people."

"But they still kill," Mary-Lynnette said flatly.

"Yes, but onlyanimals.The law is very strict aboutthat. Otherwise humans catch on in no time.

Vam pires can disguise their work by making it look like a cut throat, but werewolf kills are

unmistakable."

"Okay. Great." I should be more enthusiastic, Mary-Lynnette thought. But how could you ever re

ally trust someone who was a wolf behind their eyes?

You might admire them the way you admire a sleek and handsome predator, but trust them ...no.

"Before we go back-we may have a problem,"Rowan said. "If he realizes that you recognized his

ring, he may know we've told you about you know." She glanced around and lowered her voice. "The

Night World."

Mary-Lynnette understood. "Oh, God."

"Yes. That means it's his duty to turn us all in. Or kill us himself."

"Oh, God"

"The thing is, I don't think he will. He likes you, Mary-Lynnette. A lot. I don't think he could bring

himself to turn you in."

Mary-Lynnette felt herself flushing. "But then, that would get him in trouble, too, wouldn't it?"

"It could, if anybody ever finds out. We'd better go back and see what's going on. Maybe he

They walked back to the gas station quickly, their shoulders almost touching. Mary-Lynnette found

comfort in Rowan's nearness, in her levelheadedness.She'd never had a friend before who was

completelyher equal, who found it as easy to take care of people as to be taken care of.

As they reached the gas station, they could see thatthe little group was now clustered around Mary

Lynnette's car. Jeremy was peering under the hood.Mark and Jade were back, hand in hand, but there

was no sign of Tiggy. Kestrel was leaning against a gas pump, and Ash was talking to Jeremy.

"So the werewolf walks into the second doctor's office and he says, 'Doc, I think I have rabies.'

And the doctor says ..."

So much for bluffing him, Mary-Lynnette thought.

Rowan, eyes shut and shoulders tensed, said, "Ash,that isn't funny." She opened her eyes. "I'm sorry,"

she said to Jeremy. "He doesn't mean it."

"He does, but it doesn't matter. I've heard worse." Jeremy bent over the engine again. He

replaced a cap with careful, even twists. Then he looked up at Mary-Lynnette.

Mary-Lynnette didn't know what to say. What's the etiquette when you've just discovered that

somebody's a werewolf? And that it may be their duty to eat you?

Her eyes filled. She was completely out of control today.

Jeremy looked away. He shook his head slightly. His mouth was bitter. "That's what I figured. I thought

you'd react this way. Or I'd have told you myself a long time ago."

"You would?" Mary-Lynnette's vision cleared."But-then you would have gotten in trouble.

Right?"

Jeremy smiled faintly. "Well, we're not really sticklers for Night World law around here."

He said it in a normal tone of voice. Ash and the sisters looked around reflexively.

Mary-Lynnette said, "'We'?"

"My family. They first settled here because it was so far out of the way. A place where they

wouldn't bother anybody, and nobody would bother them. Of course, they're all gone now. There's only

me left."

He said it without self-pity, but Mary-Lynnette moved closer. "I'm sorry."

Jade moved in on the other side, silvery-green eyeswide. "But that's why we came here, too! So nobody

would bother us. We don't like the Night World,either."

Jeremy gave another faint smile-that smile thatshowed mostly in his eyes. "I know," he said to Jade.

"You're related to Mrs. Burdock, aren't you?"

"She was our aunt," Kestrel said, her golden gaze fixed unwaveringly on him.

Jeremy's expression changed slightly. He turned around to look at Kestrel directly. "'Was'?"

"Yes, shemet with a slight accident involving astake," Ash said. "Funny how that happens some

times...."

Jeremy's expression changed again. He looked as if he were leaning against the car for support. "Who

did it?" Then he glanced back at Ash, and Mary-Lynnette saw a gleam of teeth. "Wait you think I did.

Don't you?"

"It did cross our minds at one point," Ash said. "Actually, it seemed to keep crossing them. Back

and forth. Maybe we should put in a crosswalk."

Mary-Lynnette said, "Ash, stop it."

"So you're saying you didn't do it," Mark said to Jeremy, at the same time as Rowan said,

"Actually, Kestrel thinks it was a vampire hunter."

Her voice was soft, but once again, everybody looked around. The street was still deserted.

"There's no vampire hunter around here," Jeremy said flatly.

"Then there's a vampire," Jade said in an excited whisper. "There has to be, because of the way

Aunt Opal was killed. And the goat."

"The goat ... ? No, don't even tell me. I don't wanttoknow." Jeremy swung Mary-Lynnette's

hood shut. He looked at her and said quickly, "Everything's fine in there. You should get the oilchanged

sometime." Then he turned to Rowan. "I'm sorry about your aunt. But if thereis a vampirearound here, it's

somebody staying hidden. Really hidden. Same if it's a vampire hunter."

"We already figured that out," Kestrel said. MaryLynnette expected Ash to chime in, but Ash

was staring across the street broodingly, his hands in hispockets, apparently having given up on the

conversation for the moment.

"You haven't seen anything that could give you a due?" Mary-Lynnette said. "We were going to

lookaround town."

He met her eyes directly. "If I knew, I'd tell you." There was just the slightest emphasis on the last word.

"If I could help you, I would."

"Well, come along for the ride. You can put your head out of the window," Ash said, returning to

life.

That did it. Mary-Lynnette marched over, grabbedhim by the arm, and said to the others, "Excuse us."

She hauled him in a series of tugs to the back of the gas station. "You jerk!"

"Oh, look...................

"Shut upl"She jabbed a finger at his throat. It didn't matter that touching him set off electrical explosions.

It just gave her another reason to want to kill him. She found that the pink haze was a lot like anger when

you kept shouting through it.

"You have to be the center of every drama, don't you? You have to be the center of attention,

and act smart, and mouth off l"

"Ow," Ash said.

"Even if it means hurting other people. Even if itmeans hurting somebody who's only had rotten

breaks all his life. Well, not this time."

"Ow

"Rowan said you guys think all werewolves are low class. And you know what that is? Where I come

from, they call that prejudice. And humans have it, too, andit is not a pretty picture. It's about the most

hateful thing in the world. I'm ashamed to even stand there while you spout it off." Mary-Lynnette realized

she was crying. She also realized that Mark and Jade were peering around the edge of the gas station.

Ash was flat against the boarded-up window, armsup in a gesture of surrender. He looked at a loss for

words and ashamed. Good, Mary-Lynnette thought.

"Should you keep poking him that way?" Mark said tentatively. Mary-Lynnette could see Rowan

andKestrel behind him and Jade. They all looked alarmed.

"I can't be friends with anybody who's a bigot,"she said to all of them. She gave Ash a jab for

emphasis.

"We're not," Jade said virtuously."Wedon't be lieve that stupid stuff."

"We really don't," Rowan said. "And Mary-Lynnette-our father is alwaysyellingat Ash for visiting

the wrong kind of people on the Outside. Belonging to a dub that admits werewolves, havingwerewolves

for friends. The Elders all say he's too liberal about that."

Oh. "Well, he's got a funny way of showing it," Mary-Lynnette said, deflating slightly.

"I just thought I'd mention that," Rowan said."Now we'll leave you alone." She herded the others

back toward the front of the station.

When they were gone, Ash said, "Can I move now, please?" He looked as if he was in a very bad

mood.

Mary-Lynnette gave up. She felt tired, suddenlytired and emotionally drained. Too much had happened

in the last few days. And it kept happening, it never let up, and ... well, she was tired, that's all.

"If you'd go away soon, it would be easier," shesaid, moving away from Ash. She could feel her

headsag slightly.

"Mary-Lynnette ..." There was something inAsh's voice that she'd never heard before. "Look

it's not exactly a matter of me wanting to go away.There's somebody else from the Night World coming

on Monday. His name is Quinn. And if my sistersand I don't go back with him, the whole town is in

trouble. If he thinks anything irregular is going onhere ... You don't know what the Night Peoplecan do."

Mary-Lynnette could hear her heart beating distinctly. She didn't turn back to look at Ash.

"They could wipe Briar Creek out. I mean it. They've done things like that, to preserve the secret.

It's the only protection they have from your kind."

Mary-Lynnette said-not defiantly, but with simpleconviction, "Your sisters aren't going to leave."

"Then the whole town's in trouble. There's a roguewerewolf, three renegade lamia, and a secret

vampirekiller wandering around somewhere-not to mention twohumans who know about the Night

World. This is a paranormal disaster area."

A long silence. Mary-Lynnette was trying very hard not to see "things from Ash's point of view. Atlast

she said, "So what do you want me to do?"

"Oh, I don't know, why don't we all have a pizza party and watch TV?" Ash sounded savage. "I

haveno idea what to do," he added in more normal tones."And you'd better believe I've been thinking

about it. The only thing I can come up with is that the girlshave to go back with me, and we all have to lie

through our teeth to Quinn."

Mary-Lynnette tried to think, but her head was throbbing.

"There is one other possibility," Ash said. He saidit under his breath, as if he wouldn't mind if she

pretended not to hear him.

Mary-Lynnette eased a crick in her neck, watchingblue-and-yellow images of the sun on her shut

eyelids. "What?"

"I know you and the girls did a blood-tie ceremony. It was illegal, but that's beside the point.

You're part of the reason they don't want to leavehere."

Mary-Lynnette opened her mouth to point out thatthey didn't want to leave because life had been

unbearable for them in the Night World, but Ash hurried on. "But maybe if you were-like us, we could

work something out. I could take the girls back to the island, and then in a few months I could get them

out again. We'd go someplace where nobodywould know us. Nobody would suspect there was anything

irregular about you. The girls would be free,and you'd be there, so there's no reason they shouldn't be

happy. Your brother could come, too."

Mary-Lynnette turned around slowly. She examined Ash. The sun brought out hidden warm tonesin his

hair, making it a shimmering blond somewherebetween Jade's and Kestrel's. His eyes were shadowed,

some dark color. He stood lanky and elegantas ever, but with one hand in his pocket and a pained

expression on his face.

"Don't frown; you'll spoil your looks," she said. "For God's sake, don't patronize mel" he yelled.

Mary-Lynnette was startled. Well. Okay.

"I think," she said, more cautiously but with emphasis to let him know that she was the one with a

right to be upset, "that you are suggesting changing me into a vampire."

The corner of Ash's mouth jerked. He put his other hand in his pocket and looked away. "That was the

general idea, yes."

"So that your sisters can be happy."

"So that you don't get killed by some vigilante like Quinn."

"But aren't the Night People going to kill me just the same if you change me?"

"Only if they findyou," Ash said savagely. "And if we can get away from here clean, they

wouldn't.Anyway, as a vampire you'd have a better chance of fighting them."

"So I'm supposed to become a vampire and leave everything I love here so your sisters can be

happy."

Ash just stared angrily at the roof of the building across the street. "Forget it."

"Believe me, I wasn't even thinking about it in the first place."

"Fine." He continued to stare. All at once Mary-Lynnette had the horrible feeling that his eyes

were wet.

And I've cried I don't know how many times inthe last two days-and I only used to cry when thestars

were so beautiful it hurt. There's somethingwrongwith me now. I don't even know who I am anymore.

There seemed to be something wrong with Ash, too.

"Ash ..."

He didn't look at her. His jaw was tight.

The problem is that there isn't any tidy answer, Mary-Lynnette thought. "I'm sorry," she said huskily,

trying to shake off the strange feelings that hadsuddenly descended on her. "It's just that everything's

turned out so ... weird.I never asked for any of this." She swallowed. "I guess you never askedfor it,

either. First your sisters running away ...and then me. Some joke, yeah?"

"Yeah." He wasn't staring off into the distance anymore. "Look ... I might as well tell you.I didn't

ask for this, and if somebody had said last week that I'd be in ... involved ...with a,human, I'd have

knocked his head off. I mean, after howls of derisive laughter. But."

He stopped. That seemed to be the end of his confession:but.Of course, he didn't really need to say

more. Mary-Lynnette, arms folded over her chest, stared at a curved piece of glass on the ground and

tried to think of other phrases that started with in.Besides the obvious. She couldn't come up with any.

She resisted the impulse to nudge the glass with her foot. "I'm a bad influence on your sisters."

"I said that to protect you. To try and protect you.""I can protect myself."

"So I've noticed," -he said dryly. "Does that help?"

"You noticing? No, because you don't really believe it. You'll always think I'm weaker than

you, softer ...even if you didn't say it, I'd know you were thinking it."

Ash suddenly looked crafty. His eyes were as greenas hellebore flowers. "If you were a vampire, you

wouldn't be weaker," he said. "Also, you'd know what I was really thinking." He held out his hand.

"Want a sample?"

Mary-Lynnette said abruptly, "We'd better get back. They're going to think we've killed each other."

"Let them," Ash said, his hand still held out, but Mary-Lynnette just shook her head and walked

away.

She was scared. Wherever she'd been going with Ash, she'd been getting in too deep. And she

wondered how much of their conversation had been audible around front.

When she rounded the corner, her eyes immediately went to Jeremy. He was standing with Kestrel by

the gas pump. They were dose together, and forjust an instant Mary-Lynnette felt something like startled

dismay.

Then her inner voice asked, Are you insane? You can't be jealous over him while you're worrying

whether he's jealous over you, and meanwhile worrying about what to do with your soulmate.... It's good

if he and Kestrel like each other.

"I don't care; I can't wait anymore," Jade was saying to Rowan on the sidewalk. "I've got to find

him."

"She thinks Tiggy's gone home," Rowan said, seeing Mary-Lynnette. Ash went toward Rowan.

Kestrel did, too. Somehow Mary-Lynnette was left beside Jeremy.

Once again, she didn't know the etiquette. Sheglanced at him-and stopped feeling awkward. He was

watching her in his quiet, level way.

But then he startled her. He threw a look at thesidewalk and said, "Mary-Lynnette, be careful."

"What?"

" Be careful. "It was the same tone he'd used whenwarning her about Todd and Vic.

Mary-Lynnette followed his gaze ... to Ash.

"It's all right," Mary-Lynnette said. She didn't know how to explain. Even his own sisters hadn't

believed Ash wouldn't hurt her.

Jeremy looked bleak. "I know guys like that.Sometimes they bring human girls to their clubsand you

don't want to know why. So just just watch yourself, all right?"

It was a nasty shock. Rowan and the girls had saidsimilar things, but coming from Jeremy it sank in,

somehow. Ash had undoubtedly done things in his life that ... well, that would make her want to kill him if

she knew. Things you couldn't just forget about.

"I'll be careful," she said. She realized her fists were clenched, and she said with a glimmer of

humor, "I can handle him."

Jeremy still looked bleak. His brown eyes were

dark and his jaw was tight as he looked at Ash. Underhis quietness, Mary-Lynnette could sense leashed

power. Cold anger. Protectiveness. And the fact that he didn't like Ash at all .

The others were coming back. "I'll be all right," Mary-Lynnette whispered quickly.

Aloud, Jeremy said, "I'll keep thinking about the people around town. I'll tell you if I come up with

something."

Mary-Lynnette nodded. "Thanks, Jeremy." She tried to give him a reassuring look as everybody got into

the car.

He stood watching as she pulled out of the gas station. He didn't wave.

"Okay, so we go home," Mark said. "And then what?"

Nobody answered. Mary-Lynnette realized that she had no idea what.

"I guess we'd better figure out if we still have anysuspects," she said at last.

"There's something else we've got to do, first," Rowan said softly. "We vampires, I mean."

Mary-Lynnette could tell just by the way she said it. But Mark asked, "What?"

"We need to feed," Kestrel said with her most radiant smile.

They got back to Burdock Farm. There was no sign of the cat. The four vampires headed for the

woods, Jadecalling for Tiggy, and Mary-Lynnette headed for Mrs. B.'s rolltop desk. She got engraved

stationery only slightly mildewed at the edges-and a silver pen with a fussy Victorian pattern on it. "Now,"

she said to Mark as she sat at the kitchen table. "We're going to play List the Suspects."

"There's nothing in this house to eat, you know," Mark said. He had all the cupboards open. "Just

things like instant coffee and green Jujyfruits. The ones everybody leaves."

"What can I say, your girlfriend is undead. Come on. Sit down and concentrate." Mark sat down

and sighed. "Who have we got?"

"We should have gone to find out what the dealwas with that horse," Mark said.

Mary-Lynnette stopped with her pen poised overthe stationery. "You're right, that must be connected. I

forgot about it." Which just goes to show you, detective work doesn't mix with 1-with idle dawdling.

"All right," she said grimly. "So let's assume that whoever killed the horse was the same person

who killed Aunt Opal and the goat. And maybe the sameperson who broke the gas station window-that

hap pened last night, too. Where does that get us?"

"I think it was Todd and Vic," Mark said.

"You're not being helpful."

"I'm serious. You know how Todd is always chewing on that toothpick. And there were

toothpicks stuck in the goat."

Toothpicks... now, what did that remind her of? No, not toothpicks, the bigger stakes. Why couldn't

she remember ?

She rubbed her forehead, giving up. "Okay...I'llput Todd and Vic, vampire hunters, with a question

mark. Unless you think they're vampires themselves."

"Nope," Mark said, undeterred by her sarcasm. "I think Jade would've noticed that when she

drank their blood." He eyed her thoughtfully. "You're the smart one. Who doyou think did it?"

"I have no idea." Mark made a face at her, andshe doodled a stake on the stationery. The doodle

changed into a very small stake, more like a pencil,held by a feminine hand. She never could draw

hands....

"Oh, my God. Bunny."

"Bunny did it?" Mark asked ingenuously, preparedto be straight man for a joke.

But Mary-Lynnette said,"Yes.I mean-no, I don't know. But those stakes in the goat-the big ones I've

seen herusingthem. She uses them on her nails. They're cuticle sticks."

"Well ..." Mark looked dismayed. "But I mean ... Bunny . C'mon. She can't kill a mosquito."

Mary-Lynnette shook her head, agitated. "Rowan said she had a lamia name. And she said something

strange to me-Bunny-the day I was looking for Todd and Vic." It was all coming back now, a flood of

memories that she didn't particularly want. "She said, 'Good hunting."'

"Mare, it's from The Jungle Book ."

"I know. It was still weird for her to say. And she's almosttoosweet and scared-what if it's all an

act?" When Mark didn't answer, she said, "Is it any more unlikelythan Todd and Vic being vampire

hunters?"

"So put her down, too."

Mary-Lynnette did. Then she said, "You know, there's something I keep meaning to ask Rowanabout

how they wrote to Mrs. B. from thatisland-" She broke off and tensed as the back door banged.

"Am I the first one back?"

It was Rowan, windblown and glowing, slightlybreathless. Her hair was a tumbling chestnut loud around

her.

"Where's everybody else?" Mary-Lynnette asked.

"We separated early on. It's the only way, you know, with four of us in this small of an area."

"Small!" Mark looked offended. "If Briar Creekhas one good thing-and I'm not saying it does it's

space."

Rowan smiled. "For a hunting range, it is small,"she said. "No offense. It's fine for us-we never got to

hunt at -all on the island. They brought our mealsto us, tranquilized and completely passive."

Mary-Lynnette pushed away the image this evoked. "Urn, you want to register a guess on Whodunit?"

0Rowan sat down in a kitchen chair, smoothing a wisp of brown hair off her forehead. "I don't know. I

wonder if it's somebody we haven't even thought of yet."

Mary-Lynnette remembered what she'd been talking about when the door banged. "Rowan, I always

meant to ask you-you said that only Ash could havefigured out where you were going when you ran

away. But what about the guy who helped yousmuggle letters off the island? He would know where your

aunt lived, right? He could see the address on the letters."

"Crane Linden." Rowan smiled, a sad little smile. "No, he wouldn't know. He's ..." She touched

her temple lightly. "I don't know what you call it. His mind never developed completely. He can't read.

But he's very kind."

There were illiterate vampires? Well, why not?Aloud Mary-Lynnette said, "Oh. Well, I guess it's one

more person we can eliminate."

"Look, can we just brainstorm a minute?" Mark said. "This is probably crazy, but what if

Jeremy'suncle isn't really dead? And what if-" At that moment, there was a crash from the front porch.

Tiggy.

She was running. Throwing the door open. Visionsof kittens impaled by tiny stakes in her mind.

It wasn't Tiggy on the front porch. It was Ash. He was lying flat in the purple twilight, little moths

fluttering around him.

Mary-Lynnette felt a violent wrench in her chest.For a moment everything seemed suspended-and

changed.

If Ash were dead-if Ash had been killed ...

Things would never be all right. She would neverbe all right. It would be like the night with the moonand

stars gone. Nothing that anybody could do wouldmake up for it. Mary-Lynnette didn't know why-itdidn't

make any sense-but she suddenly knew it was true.

She couldn't breathe and her arms and legs felt strange. Floaty. Out of her control.

Then Ash moved. He lifted his head and pushed up with his arms and looked around.

Mary-Lynnette could breathe again, but she still felt dizzy. "Are you hurt?" she asked stupidly. She didn't

dare touch him. In her present state one blast of electricity could fry her circuits forever. She'd meltlike

the Wicked Witch of the West.

"I fell in thishole, "he said. "What do you think?"

That's right, Mary-Lynnette thought; the footsteps hadended with more of a crash than a thud. Not like

the footsteps of last night.

And that meant something ...if only she couldfollow the thought to the end... .

"Having problems, Ash?"Kestrel's voice saidsweetly, and then Kestrel herself appeared out of

the shadows, looking like an angel with her golden hair and her lovely clean features. Jade was behind

her, holding Tiggy in her arms.

"He was up in a tree," Jade said, kissing the kitten's head. "I had to talk him down." Her eyes

were emerald in the porch light, and she seemed to float rather than walk.

Ash was getting up, shaking himself. Like his sisters, he looked uncannily beautiful after a feeding,with a

sort of weird moonlight glow in his eyes. Mary-Lynnette's thought was long gone.

"Come on in," she said resignedly. "And help figure out who killed your aunt."

Now that Ash was indisputably all right,she wanted to forget what she'd been feeling a minuteago. Or at

least not to think about what it meant.

What it means, the little voice inside her head said sweetly, is that you're in big trouble, girl. Ha ha.

"So what's the story?" Kestrel said briskly as they all sat around the kitchen table.

"The story is that there is no story,"MaryLynnette said. She stared at her paper in frustration.

"Look-what if we start at the beginning? We don't know who did it, but we do know some things about

them. Right?"

Rowan nodded encouragingly. "Right."

"First: the goat. Whoever killed the goat had to bestrong, because poking those toothpicks

through hidewouldn't have been easy. And whoever killed the goat had to know how your uncle Hodge

was killed, because the goat was killed in the same way. And they had to have some reason for putting a

black irisin the goat's mouth-either because they knew Ashbelonged to the Black Iris Club, or because

they be longed to the Black Iris Club themself."

"Or because they thought a black iris would represent all lamia, or all Night People," Ash said.

Hisvoice was muffled-he was bent over, rubbing hisankle. "That's a common mistake Outsiders make."

Very good, Mary-Lynnette thought in spite of herself. She said, "Okay. And they had access to two

different kinds of small stakes-which isn't sayingmuch, because you can buy both kinds in town."

"And they must have had some reason to hate Mrs. B., or to hate vampires," Mark said.

"Otherwise, why kill her?"

Mary-Lynnette gave him a patient look. "I hadn't gotten to Mrs. B. yet. But we can do her now. First,

whoever killed Mrs. B. obviously knew she was a vampire, because they staked her. And, second ...

um...second ..." Her voice trailed off. She couldn't think of anything to go second.

-240 "Second, they probably killed her on impulse," Ash said, in a surprisingly calm and analytical

voice."You said she was stabbed with a picket from the fence, and if they'd been planning on doing it,

they'd probably have brought their own stake."

"Verygood." This time Mary-Lynnette said it out loud. She couldn't help it. She met Ash's eyes

and saw something that startled her. He looked as if itmattered to him that she thought he was smart.

Well, she thought. Well, well. Here we are, probably for the first time, justtalking to each other. Not

arguing, not being sarcastic, just talking. It's nice.

It was surprisingly nice. And the strange thing was, she knew Ash thought so, too. They understood

each other. Over the table, Ash gave her a barely perceptible nod.

They kept talking. Mary-Lynnette lost track of timeas they sat and argued and brainstormed. Finally she

looked up at the clock and realized with a shock that it was near midnight.

"Do wehave to keep thinking?" Mark said pathetically. "I'm tired." He was almost lying on the

table. So was Jade.

I know how you feel, Mary-Lynnette thought. Mybrain is stalled. I feel ... extremely stupid.

"Somehow, I don't think we're going to solve the murder tonight," Kestrel said. Her eyes were

closed.

She was right. The problem was that MaryLynnette didn't feel like going to bed, either. Shedidn't want

to lie down and relax-there was a rest lessness inside her.

I want ... what do I want? she thought. I want ...

"If there weren't a psychopathic goat killer lurkingaround here, I'd go out and look at the stars,"

shesaid.

Ash said, as if it were the most natural thing inthe world, "I'll go with you."

Kestrel and Jade looked at their brother in disbelief. Rowan bent her head, not quite hiding a smile.

Mary-Lynnette said, "Um ..."

"Look," Ash said. "I don't think the goat killeris lurking out there everyminutelooking for people

to skewer. And if anything does happen, I can handle it." He stopped, looked guilty, then bland. "I mean

we can handle it, because there'll be two of us."

Close but no cigar, buddy, Mary-Lynnette thought. Still, there was a certain basic truth to what he was

saying. He was strong and fast, and she had the feeling he knew how to fight dirty.

Even if she'd never seen him do it, she thoughtsuddenly. All those times she'd gone after him, shining light

in his eyes, kicking him in the shins-and he'd never once tried to retaliate. She didn't think it had even

occurred to him.

She looked at him and said, "Okay."

"Now," Mark said. "Look ..."

"We'll be fine," Mary-Lynnette told him. "We won't go far."

Mary-Lynnette drove. She didn't know exactly where she was going, only that she didn't want to go to

her hill. Too many weird memories. Despite what she'd told Mark, she found herself taking the car

farther and farther. Out to where Hazel Green Creek and Beavercreek almost came together and the

land between them was a good imitation of a rain forest.

"Is this the best place to look at - stars?" Ash saiddoubtfully when they got out of the station

wagon.

"Well-if you're looking straight up," MaryLynnette said. She faced eastward and tilted her head

far back.

"See the brightest star up there? That's Vega, the queen star of summer."

"Yeah. She's been higher in the sky every nightthis summer," Ash said without emphasis.

Mary-Lynnette glanced at him.

He shrugged. "When you're out so much at night,you get to recognize the stars," he said. "Even if you

don't know their names."

Mary-Lynnette looked back up at Vega. She swallowed. "Can you--can you see something small and

bright below her-something ring-shaped?"

"The thing that looks like a ghost doughnut?"

Mary-Lynnette smiled, but only with her lips."That's the Ring Nebula. I can see that with my telescope."

She could feel him looking at her, and she heardhim take a breath as if he were going to say something.

But then he let the breath out again and looked back up at the stars.

It was the perfect moment for him to mention something about how Vampires See It Better. And if he

had, Mary-Lynnette would have turned on him and rejected him with righteous anger.

But since hedidn't,she felt a different kind of anger welling up. A spring of contrariness, as if shewere the

Mary in the nursery rhyme. What, so you've decided I'm not good enough to be a vampire or something?

And what did I really bring you out here for, to the most isolated place I could find? Only for

starwatching? I don'tthink so.

I don't even know who I am anymore, she remembered with a sort of fatalistic gloom. I have the feeling

I'm about to surprise myself.

"Aren't you getting a crick in your neck?" Ashsaid.

Mary-Lynnette rolled her head from side to side slightly to limber the muscles. "Maybe."

"I could rub it for you?" He made the offer from several feet away.

Mary-Lynnette snorted and gave him a look.

The moon, a waning crescent, was rising above thecedars to the east. Mary-Lynnette said, "You want to

take a walk?"

"Huh? Sure."

They walked and Mary-Lynnette thought. About how it would be to see the Ring Nebula with herown

eyes, or the Veil Nebula without a filter. She could feel a longing for them so strong it was like a cable

attached to her chest, pulling her upward.

Of course,that was nothing new. She'd felt it lots of times before, and usually she'd ended up buying

another book on astronomy, another lens for her telescope. Anything to bring her closer to what she

wanted.

But now I have a whole new temptation. Something bigger and scarier than I ever imagined.

What if I could be-more than I am now? Thesame . person, but with sharper senses? A Mary-Lynnette

who couldreally belong to the night?

She'd already discovered she wasn't exactly whoshe'd always thought. She was more violent-she'd

kicked Ash, hadn't she? Repeatedly. And she'd admired the purity of Kestrel's fierceness. She'd seenthe

logic in the kill-or-be-killed philosophy. She'd dreamed about the joy of hunting.

What else did it take to be a Night Person?

"There's something I've been wanting to say toyou," Ash said.

"Hm."Do I want to encourage him or not?

But what Ash said was "Can we stop fightingnow?"

Mary-Lynnette thought and then said seriously, "Idon't know."

They kept walking. The cedars towered around them like pillars in a giant ruined temple. A dark temple.

And underneath, the stillness was so enormous that Mary-Lynnette felt as if she were walkingon the

moon.

She bent and picked a ghostly wildflower that wasgrowing out of the moss. Death camas. Ash bent and

picked up a broken-off yew branch lying at the footof a twisted tree. They didn't look at each other.

They walked, with a few feet of space between them.

"You know, somebody told me this would happen," Ash said, as if carrying on some entirely

different conversation they'd been having.

"That you'd come to a hick town and chase agoat killer?"

"That someday I'd care for someone - and itwould hurt."

Mary-Lynnette kept onwalking. She didn't slow or speed up. It was only her heart that was suddenly

beating hard-in a mixture of dismay and exhilara tion.

Oh, God-whatever was going to happen washappening.

"You're not like anybody I've ever met," Ash said.

"Well, that feeling is mutual."

Ash stripped some of the papery purple bark offhis yew stick. "And, you see, it's difficult becausewhat

I've always thought about humans-what I wasalways raised to think ..."

"I know what you've always thought," MaryLynnette said sharply. Thinking,vermin.

"But," Ash continued doggedly, "the thing is andI know this is going to sound strange-that I seem

to love you sort of desperately." He pulled more bark off his stick.

Mary-Lynnette didn't look at him. She couldn't speak.

"I've done everything I could to get rid of the feeling, but it just won't go. At first I thought if I left

Briar Creek, I'd forget it. But now I know that wasinsane. Wherever I go, it's going with me. I can't kill it

off. So I have to think of something else."

Mary-Lynnette suddenly felt extremely contrary. "Sorry," she said coldly. "But I'm afraid it's not very

flattering to have somebody tell you that they love you against their will, against their reason, and even-"

"Against their character," Ash finished for her, bleakly. "Yeah, I know."

Mary-Lynnette stopped walking. She stared at him."You havenot readPrideand Prejudice, " she said

flatly.

"Why not?"

"Because Jane Austen was a human."

He looked at her inscrutably and said, "How do you know?"

Good point.Scary point. How could she really knowwho in human history had been human? Whatabout

Galileo? Newton? T ycho Brahe?

"Well, Jane Austen was a woman,"shesaid, retreating to safer ground. "And you're a chauvinist pig-,'

"Yes, well, that I can't argue."

Mary-Lynnette started walking again. He followed."So now can I tell you how, um, ardently I loveand

admire you?"

Another quote. "I thought your sisters said youpartiedall the time."

Ash understood. "I do," he said defensively. "Butthe morning after partying you have to stay in bed. And

if you're in bed you might as well read something

They walked.

"After all, weare soulmates," Ash said. "I can't becompletely stupid or I'd be completely wrong

for you."

Mary-Lynnette thought about that. And about thefact that Ash sounded almost-humble. Which he had

certainly never sounded before.

She said, "Ash ...I don't know. I mean-weare wrong for each other. We're just basically incompatible.

Even if I were avampire, we'd be basically incompatible."

"Well." Ash whacked at something with his yew branch. He spoke as if he half expected to be

ignored.

"Well, about that ... I think I couldpossibly change your mind."

"About what?"

"Being incompatible. I think we could be sort offairly compatible if ..."

"If?" Mary-Lynnette said as the silence dragged on."Well, if you could bring yourself to kiss me."

"Kissyou?"

"Yeah, I know it's a radical concept. I was pretty sure you wouldn't go for it." He whacked at

another tree. "Of course humanshave been doing it for thousands of years."

Watching him sideways, Mary-Lynnette said, "Would you kiss a three-hundred-pound gorilla?" He

blinked twice. "Oh, thank you.""I didn't mean you looked like one.""Don't tell me, let me guess. I smell

like one?"Mary-Lynnette bit her lip on a grim smile. "I mean you're that much stronger than I am. Would

you kissa female gorilla that could crush you with one squeeze`? When you couldn't do anything about

it?"He glanced at her sideways. "Well, you're notexactly in that position, are you?"

Mary-Lynnette said, "Aren't I? It looks to me as ifI'd have to become a vampire just to deal with youon

an equal level." Ash said, "Here."

Hewasofferingher theyew branch.Mary Lynnette stared at him.

"You want to give me your stick."

"It's not a stick, it's the way to deal withme onan equal level." He put one end of the branch

againstthe base of his throat, and Mary-Lynnette saw that it was sharp.She reached out to take the other

end and found the stick was surprisingly hard and heavy.

Ash was looking straight at her. It was too dark to see what color his eyes were, but his expression was

unexpectedly sober.

"One good push would do it," he said. "First here and then in the heart. You could eliminate the

problem of me from your life."

Mary-Lynnette pushed, but gently. He took a step back. And another. She backed him up against a

tree, holding the stick to his neck like a sword.

"I actually meant only if you were really serious,"Ash said as he came up short against the cedar's

bare trunk. But he didn't make a move to defend himself."And the truth is that you don't even need a

spear like that. A pencil in the right place would do it."

Mary-Lynnette narrowed her eyes at him, swirlingthe yew stick over his body like a fencer getting the

range.

Then she removed it. She dropped it to the ground. "You really have changed," she said.

Ash said simply, "I've changed so much in the lastfew days that I don't even recognize myself in the

mirror."

"And you didn't kill your aunt.""You're just now figuring that out?"

"No. But I always wondered just a bit. All right, I'll kiss you."

It was a little awkward, lining up to get the position right. Mary-Lynnette had never kissed a boy before.

But once she started she found it was simple.

And... now she saw what the electric feeling ofbeing soulmates was for. All the sensations she'd felt

when touching his hand, only intensified. And not unpleasant. It was only unpleasant if you were afraidof

it.

Afterward, Ash pulled away. "There. Yousee,"he said shakily.

Mary-Lynnette took a few deep breaths. "I supposethat's what it feels like to fall into a black hole."

"Oh. Sorry."

"No, I mean-it was interesting." Singular, shethought. Different from anything she'd ever felt

before. And she had the feeling thatshe would be different from now on, that she could never go back

andbe the same person she had been.

So who am I now? Somebody fierce, I think.Somebody who'd enjoy running through the dark ness,

underneath stars bright as miniature suns, and maybe even hunt deer. Somebody who can laugh atdeath

the way the sisters do.

I'll discover a supernova and I'll hiss when somebody threatens me. I'll be beautiful and scary and

dangerous and of course I'll kiss Ash a lot.

She was giddy, almost soaring with exhilaration.

I've always loved the night, she thought. And I'll finally belong to it completely.

"Mary-Lynnette?" Ash said hesitantly. "Did you likeit?"

She blinked and looked at him. Focused.

"I want you to turn me into a vampire," she said.

It didn't feel like a jellyfish sting this time. It wasquick and almost pleasant like pressure being released.

And then Ash's lips were on her neck, and that wasdefinitely pleasant. Warmth radiated from his mouth.

Mary-Lynnette found herself stroking the back of his neck and realized that his hair was soft,as nice to

touch as cat's fur.

And his mind...was every color of the spectrum. Crimson and gold, jade and emerald and deep

violetblue. A tangled thorn-forest of iridescent colors that changed from second to second.

Mary-Lynnette wasdazzled.

And half frightened. There was darkness in among those gemlike colors. Things Ash had done in the

past ... things she could sense he was ashamed of now. But shame didn't change the acts themselves.

I know it doesn't-but I'll make up for them, somehow.You'll see; I'll find away....

So that's telepathy, Mary-Lynnette thought. She couldfeel Ash as he said the words, feel that hemeant

them with desperate earnestness-and feel that there was a lot to make up for.

I don't care. I'm going to be a creature of darkness,too. I'll do what's in my nature, with no regrets.

When Ash started to lift his head, she tightened her grip, trying to keep him there.

"Please don't tempt me," Ash said out loud, hisvoice husky, his breath warm on her neck. "If I

take too much, it will make you seriously weak.I mean it, sweetheart."

She let him go. He picked up the yew stick and made a small cut at the base of his throat, tilting his head

back like a guy shaving his chin.

Mary-Lynnette realized he'd never done this before. With a feeling that was. almost awe, she put her lips

to his neck.

I'm drinking blood. I'm a hunter already--sort of.

Anyway, I'm drinking blood and liking it-maybe because it doesn'ttastelike blood Not like copper and

fear. It tastes weird and magic and old as the stars. When Ash gently detached her, she swayed on her

feet.

"We'd better go home," he said.

"Why? I'm okay."

"You're going to get dizzier-and weaker. And ifwe're going to finish changingyou into a

vampire--"

"if"

"All right,when. But before we do, we need to talk. I need to explain it all to you; we have to figure out

the details. Andyouneed to rest."

Mary-Lynnette knew he was right. She wanted to stay here, alone with Ash in the dark cathedral of the

forest-but shedidfeel weak. Languid. Apparently it was hard work becoming a creature of darkness.

They headed back the way they had come. Mary-Lynnette could feel the change inside herself-it was

stronger than when she'd exchanged blood with the three girls. She felt simultaneously weak and

hypersensitive. As if every pore were open.

The moonlight seemed much brighter. She couldsee colors dearly-the pale green of drooping cedar

boughs, the eerie purple of parrot-beak wildflowersgrowing out of the moss.

And the forest wasn't silent anymore. She could hear faint uncanny sounds like the soft seething of

needles in the wind, and her own footsteps on moist and fungus-ridden twigs.

I can even smell better, she thought. This place smells like incense cedar, and decomposing plants,and

something really wild-feral, like something from the zoo. And something hot ...burny ...

Mechanical. It stung her nostrils. She stopped and looked at Ash in alarm.

"Whatisthat?"

0He'd stopped, too. "Smells like rubber and oil...." "Oh, God, thecar, " Mary-Lynnette said. They

looked at each other for a moment, then simultane ously turned, breaking into a run.

It was the car. White smoke billowed from under the closed hood. Mary-Lynnette started to go closer,

but Ash pulled her back to the side of the road."I just want to open the hood-" "No. Look. There."

Mary-Lynnette looked-and gasped. Tiny tongues of flame were darting underneath the smoke. licking

out of the engine.

"Claudine always said this would happen," shesaid grimly as Ash pulled her back farther, "Only I

think she meant it would happen with me in it."

"We're going to have to walk home," Ash said."Unless maybe somebody sees the fire...."

"Not a chance," Mary-Lynnette said. And that'swhat you get for taking a boy out to the most

isolated place in Oregon, her inner voice said triumphantly.

"I don't suppose you could turn into a bat or something and fly back," she suggested.

"Sorry, I flunked shapeshifting. And I wouldn't leave you here alone anyway."

Mary-Lynnette still felt reckless and dangerous and it made her impatient.

"I can take care of myself," she said.

After that, things happened very fast, and at the same time with a dreamy slowness. Mary-Lynnette felt

her arms grabbed from behind. Something was pulling her hands together-somethingstrong. Then she felt

the bite of cord on her wrists, and she realized what was happening.

Tied up-I'm going to be helpless-I've got todosomething fast....

She fought, trying to wrench herself away, trying to kick. But it was already too late. Her hands were

secure behind her back-and some part of her mind noted distantly that no wonder people on cop shows

yell when they're handcuffed. Ithurt. Her shoulders gave a shriek of agony as she was dragged backward

up against a tree.

"Stop fighting," a voice snarled. A thick, distorted voice she didn't recognize. She tried to see

who it was, but the tree was in the way. "If you relax itwon't hurt."

. Mary-Lynnette kept fighting, but it didn't make any difference. She could feel the deeply furrowedbark

of the tree against her hands and back-and now she couldn't move.

Oh, God, oh, God-1 can't get away. Iwas alreadyweak from what Ash and I did-and now I can't move

at all.

Then stop panicking andthink, her inner voice said fiercely. Use your brain instead of getting hysterical.

Mary-Lynnette stopped struggling. She stood panting and tried to get control of her terror.

"I told you. It only hurts when you fight. A lot of things are like that," the voice said.

Mary-Lynnette twisted her head and saw who it was.

Her heart gave a sick lurch. She shouldn't havebeen surprised, but she was-surprised and infi nitely

disappointed.

"Oh, Jeremy," she whispered.

Except that it was a different Jeremy than the one she knew. His face was the same, his hair, his

clothes-but there was something weird about him, something powerful and scary and ...unknowable. His

eyes were as inhuman and flat as a shark's.

"I don't want to hurt you," he said in that distorted stranger's voice. "I only tied you up because I

didn't want you to interfere."

Mary-Lynnette's mind was registering different things in different layers. One part said, MyGod, he's

trying to be friendly, and another part said, Tointerferewith what? and a third part just kept saying Ash.

She looked at Ash. He was lyingverystill, andMary-Lynnette's wonderful new eyes that could seecolors

in moonlight saw that his blond hair was slowly soaking with blood. On the ground beside himwas a club

made of yew - made of the hard yellow sapwood. No wonder he was unconscious.

But if he's bleeding he's not dead-oh, God, please,he can'tbe dead-Rowan said that only staking and

burning kill vampires....

"I have to take dare of him," Jeremy said. "And then I'll let you go, I promise. Once I explain

everything, you'll understand."

Mary-Lynnette looked up from Ash to the strangerwith Jeremy's face. With a shock, she realized what

he meant by "take care of." Three words that were just part of life to a hunterto a werewolf.

So now I know about werewolves. They're killers and I was right all along. I was right and Rowan was

wrong.

"It'll only take a minute," Jeremy said-and hislips drew back.

Mary-Lynnette's heart seemed to slam violently inside her chest. Because his lips went farther up than

any human's lips could. She could see his gums, whitish-pink. And she could see why his voice didn't

sound like Jeremy's-it was his teeth.

White teeth in the moonlight. The teeth from herdream. Vampire teeth were nothing compared to this.

The incisors at the front were made for cutting fleshfrom prey, the canines were two inches long, the teeth

behind them looked designed for slicing and shearing.

Mary-Lynnette suddenly remembered-somethingVic Kimble's father had said three years ago. He'd

said that a wolf could snap off the tail of a full-grown cow clean as pruning shears. He'd been

complaining that somebody had let a wolf-dog crossbreed looseand it was going after his cattle....

Except that of course it wasn't a crossbreed, Mary-Lynnette thought. It was Jeremy. I saw him everyday

at school-and then he must have gone hometo look like this. Tohunt.

Just now, as he stood over Ash with his teeth all exposed and his chest heaving, Jeremy looked

completely, quietly insane.

"But why?" Mary-Lynnette burst out."Whydo youwant to hurt him?"

Jeremy looked up-and she got another shock. His eyes were different. Before she'd seen them flash

white in the darkness. Now they had no whites at all. They were brown with large liquid pupils. Theeyes

of an animal.

So it doesn't need to be a full moon, she thought. He can change anytime.

"Don't you know?" he said. "Doesn't anybody understand?This ismy territory."

Oh.Oh ...

So it was as simple as that. After all their brainstorming and arguing and detective work. In the end it

was something as basic as an animal protectingits range.

"For a hunting range, it is small," Rowan had said.

"They were taking my game," Jeremy said. "My deer, my squirrels. They didn't have any right to

dothat. I tried to make them leave-but they wouldn't.They stayed and they kept killing...."

He stopped talking-but a new sound came fromhim. It started out almost below the range of MaryLynnette's hearing-but the deep rumbling of itstruck some primal chord of terror in her. It was asuncanny

and inhuman as the danger-hum of an at tacking swarm of bees.

Growling. He was growling. And it wasreal.The snarling growl a dog makes that tells you to turn and

run. The sound it makes before it springs at yourthroat....

"Jeremy!" Mary-Lynnette screamed. She threwherself forward, ignoring the white blaze of pain in

her shoulders. But the cord held. She was jerked back. And Jeremy fell on Ash, lunging down, head

darting forward like a striking snake, like a biting dog, like every animal that kills with its teeth.

Mary-Lynnette heard someone screaming "No!"and only later realized that it was her. She was fight ing

with the cord, and she could feel stinging and wetness at her wrists. But she couldn't get free andshe

couldn't stop seeing what was happening in frontof her. And all the time that eerie, vicious growling that

reverberated in Mary-Lynnette's own head and chest.

That was when things went cold and dear. Some part of Mary-Lynnette that was stronger than the panic

took over. It stepped back and looked at the entire scene by the roadside: the car, which was still

burning, sending clouds of choking white smokewhenever the wind blew the right way; the limpfigure of

Ash on the pine needles; the blur of snarling motion that was Jeremy.

"Jeremy!" she said, and her throat hurt, but hervoice was calm-and commanding. "Jeremy-before

you do that-don't you want me tounderstand? You said that was what you wanted. Jeremy,help me

understand."

For a long second she thought in dismay that it wasn't going to work. That he couldn't even hear her. But

then his head lifted. She saw his face; she saw the blood on his chin.

Don't scream, don't scream, Mary-Lynnette toldherself frantically. Don't show any shock. You have to

keep him talking, keep him away from Ash.

Behind her back her hands were working automatically, as if trying to get out of ropes was something

they'd always known how to do. The slick wetness actually helped. She could feel the cords slide a little.

"Please help me understand," she said again, breathless, but trying to hold Jeremy's eyes. "I'm

your friend-you know that. We go back a long way."

Jeremy's whitish gums were streaked with red. He still had human features, but there was nothing at all

human about that face.

Now, though-slowly-his lips came down tocover his gums. He looked more like a person andless like an

animal. And when he spoke, his voicewas distorted, but she could recognize it as Jere my's voice.

"We do go back," he said. "I've watched you sincewe were kids-and I've seen you watching

me."

Mary-Lynnette nodded.She couldn'tgetany words out.

"I always figured that someday, when we wereolder-maybe we'd be together. I thought maybe I

could make you understand. About me. About everything. I thought you were the one person who might

not be afraid...."

"I'm not," Mary-Lynnette said, and hoped hervoice wasn't shaking too badly. She was saying it to

a figure in a blood-spattered shirt crouching over a torn body like a beast still ready to attack.

MaryLynnette didn't dare look at Ash to see how badly hewas hurt. She kept her eyes locked on

Jeremy's. "And I think I can understand. You killed Mrs. Burdock, didn't you? Because she was on your

territory."

"Nother; " Jeremy said, and his voice was sharpwith impatience. "She was just an old lady-she

didn't hunt. I didn't mind having her in my range. Ieven did things for her, like fixing her fence andporch

for free.... And that's when she told methey were coming. Those girls."

Just the way she told me, Mary-Lynnette thought, with dazed revelation. And he was there fixing the

fence-of course. The way he does odd jobs for everybody.

"I told her it wouldn't work." Mary-Lynnette couldhear it again-the beginnings of a snarling growl.

Jeremy was tense and trembling, and she could feel her self start to tremble, too. "Three more hunters in

thislittle place ... I told her, but she wouldn't listen. She couldn't see. So then I lost my temper."

Don't look at Ash, don't call attention to him,

Mary-Lynnette thought desperately. Jeremy's lips were drawing back again as if he needed something to

attack. At the same time the distant part of hermind said, So that's why he used a picket=Ash was right;it

was an impulse of the moment.

"Well, anybody can lose their temper," she said, and even though her voice cracked and there

were tears in her eyes, Jeremy seemed to calm a little.

"Afterward, I thought maybe it was for the best," he said, sounding tired. "I thought when the girls

found her, they'd know they had to leave. I waited for them to do it. I'm good at waiting."

He was staring past her, into the woods. Heart pounding, Mary-Lynnette grabbed the opportunity todart

a look at Ash.

Oh, God, he's not moving at all. And there's so muchblood....I've never seen so much blood....

She twisted her wrists back and forth, trying to find some give in the cords.

"I watched, but they didn't go away," Jeremy said.Mary-Lynnette's eyes jerked back to him.

"Instead youcame. I heard Mark talking to Jade in the garden. She said she'd decided she was going to

like it here. And then ... I got mad. I made a noise and they heard me."

His face was changing. The flesh was actually moving in front of Mary-Lynnette's eyes. His cheekbones

were broadening, his nose and mouth jutting. Hairwas creeping between his eyebrows, turning them into

a straight bar. She couldsee individual coarse hairs sprouting, dark against pale skin.

I'm going to be sick....

"What's wrong, Mary-Lynnette?" He got up and she saw that his body was changing, too. It was

stilla human body, but it was too thin-stretched out.As if it were just long bones and sinews.

"Nothing's wrong," Mary-Lynnette got out in a whisper. She twisted violently at her cords-and felt

one hand slide.

That's it. Now keep him distracted, keep him moving away from Ash....

"Go on," she said breathlessly. "What happenedthen?"

"I knew I had to send them a message. I cameback the next night for the goat-but you were there

again. You ran away from me into the shed." Hemoved closer again and the moonlight caught his

eyes-and reflected. The pupils shone greenish-orange. Mary-Lynnette could only stare.

That shadow in the clearing-those eyes I saw. Nota coyote.Him.He was following us everywhere.

The very thought made her skin creep. But there was another thought that was worsethe picture of him

killing the goat. Doing it carefully, methodically-as a message.

That was why he didn't eat the heart and liver,Mary-Lynnette realized. He didn't kill it for foodit wasn't a

normal werewolf killing. And he's not a normal werewolf.

He wasn't at all like what Rowan had described-a noble animal that hunted to eat. Instead he was ... a

mad dog.

Of all people,Ash had it right. Him and his jokes about rabies ...

"You're so beautiful, you know," Jeremy said suddenly. "I've always thought that. I love your

hair."

He was right in her face. She could see the individual pores in his skin with coarse hairs growing out of

them. And she couldsmellhim-the feral smell ofa zoo.

He reached out to touch her hair, and his handhad dark, thick fingernails. Mary-Lynnette could feelher

eyes getting wider. Say something ...say some thing ... don't show you're afraid.

"You knew how Mrs. Burdock's husband was killed," she got out.

"She told me a long time ago," Jeremy said almost absently, still moving his fingers in her hair.

He'd changed so much that his voice was getting hard to understand. "I used little sticks from my models

...you know I make models. And a black iris forhim.Ash." Jeremy said the name with pure hatred. "I saw

him that day with his stupid T-shirt. The Black IrisClub ... my uncle belonged to that once. Theytreated

him like he was second-class."

His eyes were inches from Mary-Lynnette's; she felt the brush of a fingernail on her ear. Suddenlyshe

had the strength to give a violent wrench behind her back-and one hand came free. She froze, afraid that

Jeremy would notice.

"I threw the goat on the porch and ran," Jeremysaid, almost crooning the words as he petted

MaryLynnette. "I knew you were all in there. I was somad-I killed that horse and I kept running. I

smashed the gas station window. I was going to bum it downbut then I decided to wait."

Yes,and yes, and yes, Mary-Lynnette thought, even as she carefully worked her other wrist free,even as

she stared into Jeremy's crazy eyes andsmelled his animal breath. Yes, of course it was youwe heard

running away-and you didn't fall into the hole in the porch because you knew it was there, because you

were fixing it. And yes, you were the one who smashed the window-who else would hate the gas station

but somebody who worked there?

0Her fingers eased the cord off her other wrist. She felt a surge of fierce triumph-but she controlled her

expression and clenched her hands, trying to thinkof what to do. He was so strong and so quick ... if she

just threw herself at him, she wouldn't have a chance.

"And today you all came to town together," Jeremy said, finishing the story quietly, through a

mouth so inhuman it was hard to believe it could speak English. "I heard the wayhe was talking toyou. I

knew he wanted you-and he wanted to change you into one of them. I had to protect you from that."

Mary-Lynnette said almost steadily, "I knew youwanted to protect me. I could tell, Jeremy." She was

feeling over the furrowed hemlock bark behind her.How could she attack him when she didn't even have

a stick for a weapon? And even if shehad,wood was no good. He wasn't a vampire.

Jeremy stepped back. Relief washed over Mary-Lynnette-for one second. Then she saw with horror

that he was plucking at his shirt, pulling it off. And underneath ...there was no skin. Instead there was

hair. A pelt that twitched and shivered in the night air. "I followed you here and I fixed your car so you

couldn't leave," Jeremy said. "I heard you say youwanted to be a vampire."

"Jeremy-that was justtalk...."

He went on as if she hadn't spoken. "But that was a mistake. Werewolves are much better. You'll

understand when I show you. The moon looks so beautiful when you're a wolf."

Oh,Godand so that was what he meant by pro tecting her, by making her understand. He meant

changing her into something like him.

I need a weapon.

Rowan had said silver was harmful to werewolves,so the old silver-bullet legend must be true. But she

didn't haveasilver bullet. Or even a silver dagger ...

A silver dagger... a silverknife ...

Behind Jeremy the station wagon was almost invisible in the clouds of smoke. And by now the smoke

had the red glow of uncontrolled fire.

It's too dangerous, Mary-Lynnette thought. It'sabout to go. I'd never make it in and out....

Jeremy was still talking, his voice savage now."You won't miss the Night World. All their stupid

restrictions-no killing humans, no hunting too often. Nobody tells me how to hunt. My uncle tried,but I

took care of him-"

Suddenly the creature-it wasn't really a personanymore-broke off and turned sharply. Mary-Lynnette

saw its lips go back again, saw its teeth parted and ready to bite. In the same instant she sawwhy-Ash

was moving.

Sitting up, even though his throat was cut. Lookingaround dazedly. He saw Mary-Lynnette, and his eyes

seemed to focus. Then he looked at the thing Jeremy had become.

"You-get away from herl" he shouted in a voiceMary-Lynnette had never heard before. A voice

filledwith deadly fury. Mary-Lynnette could see himchange position in a swift, graceful motion, gathering

his muscles under him to jump

But the werewolf jumped first. Springing like ananimal-except that Jeremy still had arms, and onehand

went for the yew club. The club smashed sideways into Ash's head and knocked him flat. And then it fell,

bouncing away on the carpet of needles.

The werewolf didn't need it-it was baring itsteeth. It was going to tear Ash's throat out, like the horse,

like the hiker ...

Mary-Lynnette was running.

Not toward Ash. She couldn't help him barehanded. She ran toward the car, into the clouds of choking

smoke.

Oh, God, it's hot. Please let me just get there....

She could feel the heat on her cheeks, on her arms. She remembered something from an elementary

school safety class and dropped to her knees, scrambling and crawling where the air was cooler.

And then she heard the sound behind her. The most eerie sound there is-a wolf howling.

It knows what I'm doing. It's seen that knife everytime I pry off my gas cap. It's going to stop me....

She threw herself blindly into the smoke and heat,and reached the car. Orange flames were shooting

crazily from the engine, and the door handle burnedher hand when she touched it. She fumbled,

wrenching at it.

Open,open...

The door swung out. Hot air blasted around her. If she'd been completely human she wouldn't havebeen

able to stand it. But she'd exchanged blood withfour vampires in two days, and she wasn't completely

human anymore. She wasn't Mary-Lynnette any more ...but was she capable of killing?

Flames were licking up beneath the dashboard. Shegroped over smoking vinyl and shoved a hand under

the driver's seat.

Find it! Find it!

Her fingers touched metal-the knife. The silverfruit knife with the Victorian scrolling that she'd borrowed

from Mrs. Burdock. It was very hot. Her handdosed on it, and she pulled it from under the seatand

turned ... just as something came flying at her from behind.

The turning was instinctive-she had to face whatwas attacking her. But what she would always know

afterward was that she could have turned withoutpointing theknife at what was attacking her. There was

a moment in which she could have slanted it backward or toward the ground or toward herself. And if

she'd been the Mary-Lynnette of the old days,she might have done that.

She didn't. The knife faced outward. Toward the shape jumping at her. And when the thing landed on

top of her she felt impact in her wrist and all theway up her arm.

The distant part of her mind said, It went in cleanlybetween the ribs....

And then everything was very confused. Mary-Lynnette felt teeth in her hair, snapping for her neck. She

felt claws scratching at her, leaving welts on her arms. The thing attacking her was hairy and heavy and it

wasn't a person or even a half-person. It was a large, snarling wolf.

She was still holding the knife, but it was hard to keep her grip on it. It jerked around, twisting her wrist

in an impossible direction. It was buried in the wolf's chest.

For just an instant, as the thing pulled away, she got a good look at it.

A beautiful animal. Sleek and handsome, but withcrazy eyes. It was trying to kill her with its last panting

breath.

Oh, God, you hate me, don't you? I've chosen Ashover you; I've hurt you with silver. And now you're

dying. You must feel so betrayed....

Mary-Lynnette began to shake violently. She couldn't do this anymore. She let go of the knife and

pushed and kicked at the wolf with her arms andlegs. Half scrambling and half scooting on her back, she

managed to get a few feet away. The wolf stood silhouetted against a background of fire. She couldsee it

gather itself for one last spring at her

There was a very soft, contained poof. The entirecar lurched like something in agony-and then the

fireball was everywhere.

Mary-Lynnette cringed against the ground, halfblinded, but she had to watch.

So that's what it looks like. A car going up inflames. Not the kind of big explosion you hear in the

movies. Justa poof. And then just the fire, going up and up.

The heat drove her away, still crawling, but she couldn't stop looking. Orange flames. That was allher

station wagon was now. Orange flames shooting every which way out of a metal skeleton on tires.

The wolf didn't come out of the flames.

Mary-Lynnette sat up. Smoke was in her throat,and when she tried to yell "Jeremyl" it came out as a

hoarse croak.

The wolf still didn't come out. And no wonder, with a silver knife in its chest and fire all around it.

Mary-Lynnette sat, arms wrapped around herself,and watched the car bum.

He would have killed me. Like any good hunter. I had to defend myself, I had to save Ash. And thegirls

... he would have killed all of them. And thenhe'd have killed more people like that hiker.... He was crazy

and completelyevil, because he'd do anything to get what he wanted.

And she'd seen it from the beginning. Somethingunder that "nice guy" exterior-she'd seen it over and

over, but she'd kept letting herself get convinced it wasn't there. She should have trusted her feelingsin the

first place. When she'd realized that she'dsolved the mystery of Jeremy Lovett and that it wasn't a happy

ending.

She was shaking but she couldn't cry.

The fire roared on. Tiny sparks showered upward.

I don't care if it was justified. It wasn't like killingin my dream. It wasn't easy and it wasn't naturaland I'll

never forget the way he looked at me.... Then she thought,Ash.

She'd been so paralyzed she'd almost forgotten him. Now she turned around, almost too frightened to

look. She made herself crawl over to where he was still lying.

So much blood... how can he be all right? But if he's dead ... if it's all been for nothing ...

But Ash was breathing. And when she touched hisface, trying to find a clean place in the blood, he

moved. He stirred, then he tried to sit up.

"Stay there." Jeremy's shirt and jeans were on the ground. Mary-Lynnette picked up the shirt and

dabbed at Ash's neck. "Ash, keep still...."

He tried to sit up again. "Don't worry. I'll protectyou."

"Lie down," Mary-Lynnette said. When he didn't, she pushed at him. "There's nothing to do. He's

dead."

He sank back, eyes shutting. "Did I kill him?"

Mary-Lynnette made a choked sound that wasn't exactly a laugh. She was trembling with relief-Ash

could breathe and talk, and he even sounded like hisnormal fatuous self. She'd had no idea how good

thatcould sound. And underneath the swabbing shirt she could see that his neck was already healing.

Whathad been gashes were becoming flat pink scars.

Vampire flesh was incredible.

Ash swallowed. "You didn't answer my question."

"No. You didn't kill him. I did."

His eyes opened. They just looked at each other for a moment. And in that moment Mary-Lynnette

knew they were both realizing a lot of things.

Then Ash said, "I'm sorry," and his voice had never been less fatuous. He pushed the shirt awayand sat

up. "I'm so sorry."

She didn't know who reached first, but they were holding each other. And Mary-Lynnette was thinking

about hunters and danger and laughing at death. About all the things it meant to really belong to the night.

And about how she would never look in the mirror and see the same person she used to see.

"At least it's over now," Ash said. She could feel his arms around her, his warmth and solidity, his

support. "There won't be any more killings. It's over."

It was, and so were a lot of other things.

The first sob was hard to get out. So hard thatshe'd have thought there would be a pause beforethe

next-but, no. There was no pause between that one and the next, or the next or the next. She cried for a

Well, she wasn't telling humans anything-but she did defy the authority of the Night World," Ash said in

his most lazy, careless voice.

Quinn said succinctly, "How?"

It was late Monday afternoon and the sun was streaming through the western windows of the Burdock

farmhouse. Ash was wearing a brand-new shirt bought at the Briar Creek general store, a turtleneckwith

long sleeves that covered the almost-healedscars on his throat and arms. His jeans werebleached white,

his hair was combed over the scabon the back of his head, and he was playing the scene of his life.

"She knew about a rogue werewolf and didn't tell.anybody about him."

"So she was a traitor. And what did you do?"

Ash shrugged. "Staked her."

Quinn laughed out loud.

"No, really," Ash said earnestly, looking intoQuinn's face with what he knew were wide, guileless

eyes-probably blue. "See?"

Without taking his eyes from Quinn's he whipped a pink-and-green country quilt off the bundle on the

couch.

Quinn's eyebrows flew upward.

He stared for a moment at Aunt Opal, who had been cleaned so that you'd never know she'd ever been

buried, and who had the picket stake carefully replaced in her chest.

Quinn actually swallowed. It was the first time Ash had ever seen him falter.

"You really did it," he said. There was reluctant respect in his voice-and definite shock.

You know, Quinn, I don't think you're quite as tough as you pretend. After all, no matter how you try to

act like an Elder, you're only eighteen. And you'll always be eighteen, and next year maybe I'll be older.

"Well," Quinn said, blinking rapidly. "Well. Well___ I have to hand it to you."

"Yeah, I just decided the best thing to do was cleanup the whole situation. She was getting on,

you know."

Quinn's dark eyes widened fractionally. "I have toadmit -I didn't think you were that ruthless."

"You've gotta do what you've gotta do. For the family honor, of course."

Quinn cleared his throat. "So-what about thewerewolf?"

"Oh, I took care of that, too." Ash meandered over and whipped a brown-and-white quilt off

Exhibit B. The wolf was a charred and contorted corpse. It had given Mary-Lynnette hysterics when Ash

insisted on pulling it out of the car, and Quinn's nostrils quivered when he looked at it.

"Sorry, it does smell like burnt hair, doesn't it? Igot a little sooty myself, keeping him in the fire...."

"You burned himalive?"

"Well, it is one of the traditional methods....""Just put the blanket back, all right?" Ash put the

blanket back.

"So, you see, everything's taken care of. No humans involved, no extermination necessary."

"Yes, all right ..." Quinn's eyes were still on the quilt. Ash decided the moment was right.

"And by the way, it turns out the girls had aperfectly legitimate reason for coming. They just

wanted to learn to hunt. Nothing illegal about that,is there?"

"What? Oh. No." Quinn glanced at Aunt Opal, then finally looked back at Ash. "So they're

coming back now that they've learned it."

"Well, eventually. They haven't quite learned it yet... so they're staying."

"They'restaying?"

................."Right. Look, I'm the head of the familyon the West Coast, aren't I? And I say they're

staying."

"Ash............. "

"It's about time there was a Night World outpost in this area, don't you think? You see what's happened

without one. You get families of outlaw werewolves wandering around. Somebody's got to stay here and

hold down the fort."

"Ash ... you couldn't payNight People to strand themselves out here. Nothing but animals to feed

on, nobody but humans to associate with ..."

"Yeah, it's a dirty job, but someone's got to do it.Besides, wasn't it you who said it's not good

living your whole life isolated on an island?"

Quinn stared at him, then said, "Well, I don't thinkthis is much better."

"Then it serves my sisters right. Maybe in a few years they'll appreciate the island more. Then

theycan hand the job over to someone else."

"Ash ... no one else is going to comehere."

"Well." With the battle won, and Quinn simplylooking dazed and as if he wanted to get back to

LosAngeles as fast as possible, Ash allowed himself a

small measure of truth.

"I might come visit them someday," he said.

"He did a beautiful job," Rowan said that evening.

"We heard it all from the kitchen. You would have loved it."

Mary-Lynnette smiled.

"Quinn can't wait to get away," Jade said, in

tertwining her fingers with Mark's.

Kestrel said to Ash, "I'd just like to be around when you explain all this to Dad."

"That's funny," Ash said. "I feel just the opposite." Everyone laughed-except Mary-Lynnette. The

big farm kitchen was warm and bright, but the windowswere darkening. She couldn't see anything in the

gathering darkness-in the last two days the effects of her blood exchange had faded. Her senses were

ordinary human senses again.

"You're sure you won't get in trouble?" sheasked Ash.

"No. I'll tell our dad the truth-mostly. That anoutlaw werewolf killed Aunt Opal and that I killed

the werewolf. And that the girls are better off here,hunting quietly and watching out for other rogues.

There's sure to be some record of the Lovett fam ily.... Dad can check out the history all he wants."

"A whole family of outlaw werewolves," Kestrel said musingly.

"Ofcrazy werewolves," Ash said. "They were as dangerous to the Night World as any vampire

hunters could be. God knows how long they've beenhere-long enough for their land to get named Mad

Dog Creek."

"And for people to mistake them for Sasquatch," Mark said.

Rowan's brown eyes were troubled. "And it wasmy fault that you didn't know," she said to

MaryLynnette. "I told you-he couldn't be the killer. I'm sorry."

Mary-Lynnette captured her gaze and held it. "Rowan, you arenotgoing to feel guilty for this. You

couldn't have realized. He wasn't killing for food like a normal werewolf. He was killing to protect his

territory-and to scare us."

"And it might have worked," Mark said. "Exceptthat you guys didn't have anywhere else to go."

Ash looked at Mark, then at his sisters. "I have a question. Is the territory around here going to be

enough foryou?"

"Of course," Rowan said, with gentle surprise.

"We don't always need tokill the animals," Jade said. "We're getting it down pat now. We can

take a little here and a little there. Heck, we can even trythe goat. "

"I'd rather try Tiggy," Kestrel said, and for a moment her golden eyes glimmered. Mary-Lynnette didn't

say it, but she wondered sometimes about Kestrel. If maybe, someday, Kestrel might need a bigger

territory of her own. She was a lot like Jeremy in some ways.

Beautiful, ruthless, single-minded. A true Night Person.

"And what about you?" Ash said, looking at mark.

"Me? Uh... Well, when you get down to it, I'm kind of a hamburger guy...."

"I tried to take him hunting last night," Jade interpreted. "You know, just to show him. But he threw up."

"I didn't actually-"

"Yes, you did," Jade said calmly and cheerfully.

Mark looked away. Mary-Lynnette noticed they didn't stop holding hands.

"So I take it you're not going to become a vampire," Ash said to Mark.

"Uh, let's just say not any time soon."

Ash turned to Mary-Lynnette. "And what about the human end of things? Do we have that taken care of?"

"Well, I know everything that's going on intown-by which I mean that I talked with BunnyMarten

this morning. I'm so glad she's not a vampire, incidentally

Mark said, "I always knew it"

"Anyway, here's the quick version." MaryLynnette held up a finger. "One, everybody knowsthat Jeremy

is gone-his boss at the gas stationmissed him yesterday and went up to check the trailer. They found a lot

of weird stuff there. But all they know is that he's disappeared."

"Good," Rowan said.

Mary-Lynnette held up another finger. "Two,Dad is sorry but not surprised that the stationwagon blew

up. Claudine has been predicting itwould for a year."

Another finger. "Three, Mr. Kimble doesn't have any ideawhatkilled his horse-but now he thinks it was

an animal instead of a person. Vic Kimble thinks it was maybe Sasquatch. He and Todd are very

spooked and want to get out of Briar Creek forgood

"And let's have a moment of silence to show howwe'll miss them," Mark said solemnly, and blew a raspberry.

"Four," Mary-Lynnette said, holding up a fourthfinger, "you girls are eventually going to have to

mention that your aunt hasn't come back from her 'vacation.' But I thinkyou can wait awhile. Nobody

comes out here so nobody will notice she's gone. And I think we can bury her and Jeremy safely. Even if

somebody finds them, what have they got? A mummy that looks about a thousand years old and a wolf.

They won't be able to connect them to the missing people."

"Poor old Aunt Opal," Jade said, still cheerful."But she helped us in the end, didn't she?"

Mary-Lynnette looked at her. Yes, there it is, shethought. The silver in the eyes when you laugh about

death. Jade is a true Night Person, too.

"She did help. And I'm going to miss her," she said out loud.

Kestrel said, "So everything is taken care of."

"Seems like it." Ash hesitated. "And Quinn is waiting down the road. I_ told him it would only

takea couple hours to finish making arrangements and say goodbye."

There was a silence.

"I'll see you off," Mary-Lynnette said at last.

They went together to the front door. When theywere outside in the twilight Ash shut the door be hind

them.

"You still can come with me, you know."

"With you and Quinn?"

"I'll send him away. Or I'll go and come back tomorrow and get you. Or I'll come back and stay...."

"You need to go tell your father about this. Make everything right with him, so it's safe for your

sisters. You knowthat."

"Well, I'll come back afterthat,"Ash said, with an edge of desperation to his voice.

Mary-Lynnette looked away. The sun was gone. Looking east, the sky was already the darkest purple

imaginable. Almost black. Even as she watched, a starcame out. Or-not a star. Jupiter.

"I'm not ready yet. I wish I were."

"No, you don't," Ash said, and he was right, of course. She'd known ever since she sat there by

theroad, crying while her car burned. And althoughshe'd thought and thought about it since then, sitting in

her darkened room, there was nothing she coulddo to change her own mind.

She would never be a vampire. She just wasn't cutout for it. She couldn't do the things vampires hadto

do-and stay sane. She wasn't like Jade or Kestrelor even Rowan with her pale sinewy feet and her

instinctive love of the hunt. She'd looked into the heart of the Night World ...and she couldn't join it.

"I don't want you to be like that," Ash said. "Iwant you to be likeyou. "

Without looking at him, Mary-Lynnette said, "Butwe're not kids. We can't be like Jade and Mark, and

just hold hands and giggle and never think about the future."

"No, we're only soulmates, that's all. We're onlydestined to be together forever...."

"If we've got forever, then you can give me time," Mary-Lynnette said. "Go back and' wander a

little. Take a look at the Night World and make sure youwant to give it up "I know that already."

"Take a look at humans and make sure you wantto be tied to one of them."

"And think about the things I've done to humans, maybe?"

Mary-Lynnette looked at him directly. "Yes."

He looked away. "All right. I admit it. I've got a lot to make up for...."

Mary-Lynnette knew it. He'd thought of humansas vermin-and food. The things she'd seen in hismind

made her not want to picture more.

"Then make up for what you can," she said, although she didn't dare really hope that he would.

"Take time to do that. And giveme time to finish growing up. I'm still in high school, Ash."

"You'll be out in a year. I'll come back then."

"It may be too soon."

"I know. I'll come back anyway." He smiled ironically. "And in the meantime I'll fight dragons,

just like any knight for his lady. I'll prove myself. You'll be proud of me."

Mary-Lynnette's throat hurt. Ash's smile disappeared. They just stood looking at each other.

It was the obvious time for a kiss. Instead, they just stood staring like hurt kids, and then one ofthem

moved and they were holding on to each other. Mary-Lynnette held on tighter and tighter, her face

buried in Ash's shoulder. Ash, who seemed to have lost it altogether, was raining kisses on the back of

her neck, saying, "I wish I were a human. I wishI were."

"No, you don't," Mary-Lynnette said, seriously unsteady because of the kisses.

"I do. I do."

But it wouldn't help, and Mary-Lynnette knew he knew it. The problem wasn't simply what he was, it

was what he'd done-and what he was going to do. He'd seen too much of the dark side of life to be a

normal person. His nature was already formed, and she wasn't sure he could fight it.

"Believe in me," he said, as if he could hear her.

Mary-Lynnette couldn't say yes or no. So she did the only thing she could do-she lifted her head. Hislips

were in the right place to meet hers. The electric sparks weren't painful anymore, she discovered? and the

pink haze could be quite wonderful. For a time everything was warm and sweet and strangelypeaceful.

And then, behind them, somebody knocked on thedoor. Mary-Lynnette and Ash jumped and

separated.They looked at each other, startled, emotions still tooraw, and then Mary-Lynnette realized

where she was. She laughed and so did Ash.

"Come out," they said simultaneously.

Mark and Jade came out. Rowan and Kestrel werebehind them. They all stood on the porch-avoiding

the hole. They all smiled at Ash and Mary-Lynnette in a way that made Mary-Lynnette blush.

"Goodbye," she said firmly to Ash.

He looked at her for a long moment, then looked at the road behind him. Then he turned to go.

Mary-Lynnette watched him, blinking away tears.She still couldn't let herself believe in him. But there

was no harm in hoping, was there? In wishing. Evenif wishes almost never came true....

Jade gasped. "Look!"

They all saw it, and Mary-Lynnette felt her heartjump violently. A bolt of light was streaking acrossthe

darkness in the northeast. Not a little wimpyshooting star-a brilliant green meteor that crossedhalf the

sky, showering sparks. It was right above Ash's path, as if lighting his way.

A late Perseid. The last of the summer meteors. But it seemed like a blessing.

"Quick, quick, wish," Mark was telling Jade eagerly. "A wish on that star you gotta get."

Mary-Lynnette glanced at his excited face, at theway his eyes shone with excitement. Beside him, Jade

was clapping, her own eyes wide with delight.

I'm so glad you're happy, Mary-Lynnette thought. My wish for you came true. So now maybe I can wish for myself.

I wish ... I wish ...

Ash turned around and smiled at her. "See you next year," he said. "With slain dragons!"

He started down the weed-strewn path to the road. For a moment, in the deep violet twilight, he didlook

to Mary-Lynnette like a knight walking off ona quest. A knight-errant with shining blond hair and no

weapons, going off into a very dark and dangerous wilderness. Then he turned around and walked

backward, waving, which ruined the effect.

Everyone shouted goodbyes.

Mary-Lynnette could feel them around her, her brother and her three blood-sisters, all radiating warmth

and support. Playful Jade. Fierce Kestrel. Wise and gentle Rowan. And Mark, who wasn't sullen and

solitary anymore. Tiggy wound himselfaround her ankles, purring amiably.

"Even when we're apart, we'll be looking at the same sky!" Ash yelled.

"What a line," Mary-Lynnette called back. But hewas right. The sky would be there for both of

them.She'd alwaysknow hewas out there somewhere,looking up at it in wonder. Just knowing that was

important. And she was clear on who she was at last. Shewas Mary-Lynnette, and someday she'd discover a

supernova or a comet or a black hole, but she'd doit as a human. And Ash would come back next year.

And she would always love the night.

