FORWARD

A lot of thought and deliberation went into the book that you're holding in your hands. I originally intended to make this another entry point into the Demon Kissed Saga, so that even if a reader hadn't yet read books one through five, they'd still be able to enjoy Assassin. That's a trickier proposition than you'd think. First, I wanted to make sure that my loyal fans that have been along for the ride since the beginning wouldn't be bored as I welcomed new readers. Second, a lot has been established in books one through five. While the world of Ivy, Eric, and Collin may have started out similar to the one we all know, much has changed-and that's a lot to incorporate into a new book while still moving the story forward.

So, those who have read my last book, The 13th Prophecy, will undoubtedly enjoy seeing how the world has changed in the years that have passed since the gates of Hell were broken open and Ivy ascended to her throne. My new readers, I'd invite to enjoy the story from its beginning. While you'll find your footing soon enough as you begin to read, you'll find it a much richer experience once you have the backstory.

In Assassin: Fall of the Golden Valefar, we shift to seeing things from Eric's perspective-and Eric is still completely insane. It makes for a while ride. He exists as the only Golden Valefar, and bears the curse of having used Satan's Stone. Angels and Demons have withdrawn from our world, and the Martis and (red) Valefar must navigate their new way in a post-apocalyptic world. Ivy reigns from the Underworld, and has recalled the creatures of Hell, but the earth will never be the same again.

Enjoy your book! And be sure to share your thoughts with me on Facebook.

-H.M. Ward

CHAPTER ONE

There is neither pure goodness nor pure evil in your heart-you are what you choose to be.

The words rang like crystal in his mind. Eric hadn't seen Ivy for years, but her voice-her words-still haunted him. When he closed his eyes he could see her face, her endless brown gaze. Shaking the pictures from his mind, he pushed them back. The past was the past. This was his future. Eric tightened his grip on the piece of brimstone in his hands, ignoring the look of terror on the face of the woman he had pinned to the floor.

Julia.

All of her model-esk qualities were faded like sun-soaked parchment. Her light brown hair spilled around her face forming a halo on the ground, but she was no saint. The Martis were supposed to be the epitome of goodness-they were the angel's hands in this world-but this woman abused that power. She sentenced Eric to death because he did what was right, and he wasn't the only one treated unjustly. There were others she had destroyed, others who had opposed her.

The Martis should have been slaughtered during the war, but Ivy didn't deliver justice. She offered mercy. The thought baffled him. The Queen of the Underworld showed forgiveness. It was odd, but that's was the way Ivy was. She never did what he thought she ought to. Ivy seemed to follow her own path, no matter the cost. That was what Eric was doing now. Carving a new path, a path that would be set in stone once his blade was buried deep within Julia's heart.

Julia hadn't spoken. Eric took her by surprise, killing her guards before they had time to react. He was a skilled warrior-a Seraphim by birth. The black blade tightened in his grip, but Julia's eyes remained on his face. She laughed softly, her Italian accent thick with disgust, "I should have destroyed you long ago. I saw what you were-even then."

Eric's eyes sparkled, glinting like amber gems in the early morning sun. They were in the courtyard of the Martis compound in Rome. The villa was the only building still standing, though its magic hid it from the surviving humans. "What was I, Julia? What was I when you sentenced me to death," he leaned in lower, spitting in her perfect face, "for protecting those who couldn't protect themselves?" The tension in his shoulders was building. It was all he could do to keep the dagger from spilling her blood.

She sneered, trying to inch away from his blade as it pressed harder against her skin. "You are, and always have been, an abomination. An angel stripped of power, a mortal who's not quite human, a Martis that was tainted by that girl," she spat the words at him, "and now what are you? A Valefar with a golden mark on your brow, a being more evil than the last, sent by the Queen of the Underworld after her false show of keeping her word." Julia was shrewd. As if things suddenly became clear, she shook her head slightly, her tone hardening, "But this isn't about her, is it? It's about you." Eric swallowed hard, the tension in his arms burning, as he tried to hide the thoughts flashing through his mind.

Julia's lips pulled into an arrogant smile, the smile that said she knew she was right, "It's about your blood, blood that lacked clarity from the beginning-clouding your judgment and making you an outcast among your own kind. You never fit anywhere, with anyone, and you never will. You know what you truly are, a creature that shouldn't exist, but I showed mercy-even when you couldn't see the truth. I let you live." Her sharp voice dropped off, as if she was going to say more but thought better of it.

Eric's knees pinned her arms. He perched on top of her ready to strike, but there was a battle playing out inside his mind.

It was as if he could hear her voice. Eric thought he was losing his mind. Ivy couldn't come to the surface, she couldn't physically speak to him here. There was no way her voice could be echoing in his mind, but it was there, crystal clear. At the same time, he could feel something tightening around his arm, as if it could restrain him. The sensation wasn't the full force of a shadow clutching his arm. It was more like a whisper of a sensation coupled with the pleading that rang in his ears.

Don't. Please, don't.

Eric remained rigid, keeping Julia trapped beneath him. She didn't struggle. Her placid face hid the terror that swam in her eyes, but Eric could sense it, he could feel her fear. It wasn't her words that unhinged him; it was that whisper, the silent plea only he could hear. It was there every time, growing softer, as if he were moving further and further away.

Eric knew he no longer fit anywhere. It was something he was acutely aware of, and although Julia said it to get under his skin, she only restated what he already knew. He wasn't an angel. He wasn't a mortal. He wasn't a Valefar, though he bore their mark and could wield their power. Eric didn't know what he was. The only thing he did know-the only thing he was certain of-was that he had to quench the insatiable burning in his heart. He had to ease the pain, and this was the only way to do it.

Eric muttered Ivy's words softly, "You are what you choose to be." His eyes were vacant, unblinking golden orbs. There was a moment when Julia's lips curved up at the corners, thinking she'd gotten through to him. The panic slid off her face as a cool rush of relief washed over her, but it was short-lived. No one could possibly know what was going through Eric's mind, no one understood. Though he heard the whispers, the silent pleas to stop, he couldn't.

Eric's brimstone knife came down hard. Julia sucked in a breath and tried to twist out of Eric's grip, but she failed. Once Eric pinned his prisoner there was no escaping. The blade swooshed through the air, the tip shining like a cracked black tooth. The blade sank into her skin, nicking a rib, but Eric forced it past the bone. Julia's body moved of its own accord, attempting to evade Eric before it was too late. She bucked up hard, slamming her head into Eric's. Blood flowed from above her brow. Eric released the hold on her arm, and grabbed Julia's neck. Eyes blazing like twin fires, he squeezed tightly, while holding the dagger, twisting it past the bone in her chest.

"Those who can no longer see the truth, don't deserve to live," Eric growled, throwing her statement back in her face.

Julia's lips opened, but blood bubbled up, obscuring her words. Eric leaned in, bringing his victim closer to his lips. With a flick of his tongue, he tasted her blood, grinning at her while he did it. Julia's eyes were wide, her hands trying to push him away. For a moment, the only thing he could feel was Julia's surge of pain and fear. It stilled him. As he basked in the sensations, the constant pain that consumed him dissipated, and he felt free. The ache around his bones eased, as did the sensation of a gaping hole in the center of his chest. For a moment, he felt whole, complete. There was no writhing, no biting back words from a tongue sharpened by pain. His eyes closed, soaking in the sensation as if it were sunshine. Eric's hands were covered in blood, oozing scarlet from Julia's wounds. Her flailing and screaming didn't ruin his thoughts, if anything her terror made him more at ease. But the feeling was fleeting. It always was. That was the problem. There was no peace for Eric, no rest. This was as close as he came. The thought made him twist inside, but he had no regrets about this killing. Justice needed to be served, and this woman deserved it.

As if she realized this was her last chance, Julia's panicked desperation won out. She lifted her hand and smashed the heel into Eric's face, hard. She felt the crack of bone beneath her palm, breaking his nose and causing blood to rush out. Eric's arms tensed in response and he drove the blade into her heart. A scream rippled the air as Julia as she died. Blood flowed between her lips, spilling onto the pale patio bricks in red splatters.

With a thud, Eric dropped her and stepped away. Folding his arms over his chest, he watched her perish at his feet, eyes wide with fear. The site of the brimstone wound turned black, spreading rapidly through her body. It spread in lethal tendrils, killing her from the inside out. Eric knew it was pain like no other. He'd been a Martis-a human infused with angel blood-after the curse. Eric's life as a Martis had ended abruptly, painfully. It was etched into his mind. He could still feel the brimstone devouring him, slowly eating away at his flesh, burning away his muscle like acid. He could still feel Ivy's hands on his shoulders, pulling him onto her lap. He still felt her soft touch and saw the tears streaming from her eyes. She mourned him.

But, Eric felt no sympathy for Julia as the poison destroyed her. He gazed at her wide pleading eyes with a sadistic smile, ignoring her garbled pleas for help. As her flesh blackened with inky vines just beneath the surface of her skin, he knew how much agony she was enduring.

It gave him a second moment of reprieve, and he felt whole again. There was no pain. Eric closed his eyes, and breathed in the cool morning air. Sunlight spilled over the stone wall surrounding the garden, and the way he felt in that second-the peace that filled his body-he knew he'd never have it again. This temporary stasis, this moment of rest was the exception to an otherwise deplorable existence. What he wouldn't give to stay like this forever, to never again feel the soul-crushing pain that daily infused his body with agony. It was a life he could no longer remember. It was a hope that died when Ivy chose Collin. Ivy was his only reprieve, giving him-no feeding him-bits of pain to ease his suffering. Now, the only thing he could do was survive. Breathing deeply, Eric closed his eyes and was still for several moments. The weakened moans that came from Julia's dying body softened, until there was silence.

The peace shattered as Julia's body went still. The blood flowing from her wounds ceased. She did not breathe. The life was sucked out of her, destroyed by the brimstone. Eric didn't turn her into a Valefar. As much fun as that would be, he didn't want Ivy to know what he did. Not yet.

Eric lifted a small vial out of his pocket, and uncorked the top. Holding it over Julia's charred body, he let one drop of crystal clear liquid fall. The drop floated down, as if it were a feather, and landed on her chest. The droplet hissed before combusting into flames. The air filled with the scent of jasmine, sulfur, and burnt flesh until a gust of wind whisked it away.

The only trace of Julia's death were golden scorch marks on the ground. They formed a perfect silhouette of her body, encompassing every detail, even the strands of her hair. He stared, feeling neither relieved nor elated. Eric didn't expect to revel in this moment, and he knew better than lingering about. There was nothing to gloat about. Julia was right about some things. He was an abomination-a being with no race, a cruel creature that only felt good when others were in agony. He pressed his lips together and walked away.

CHAPTER TWO

Eric pulled his dark hood up to obscure his face. After assassinating the leader of the Martis, he knew that their guard would turn the city inside out looking for him. With Rome the way it was, burned with entire sections torn apart so that a person couldn't even walk down the street, he knew they would never find him. There was no reason for him to leave the city.

Only a few short years passed since the night the gates of Hell burst open and Kreturus, King of the Underworld, tore this land apart. It didn't matter that Ivy, the object of his desire, was not in the cities he destroyed. At first, Eric had thought that the damage was isolated to the eastern coast of the United States. He'd been there when the demon king arrived, slaughtering to his heart's content. But, the damage was not contained to one region or one country. It was everywhere, a worldwide epidemic, an apocalypse the survivors only whisper of. Speaking of it would only draw attention to the horror surrounding them.

The humans preferred to act as if nothing happened, even though there was much evidence to suggest otherwise. Entire sections of once thriving cities had burned and crumbled. They remained in disrepair, without electricity, shrouded in darkness. Each city was the same-New York, Paris, Rome, Los Angeles, London-each metropolis failed to mend, failed to heal. Survivors wandered the streets with fear in their eyes. It was not the daunting task of rebuilding that frightened them. It was the gut-wrenching nightmares that woke them in the dead of night leaving them covered in cold sweat. They left their cities in shambles because they didn't believe the war was over.

People were constantly on edge, glancing over their shoulders waiting for the next attack. He couldn't blame them, either. Eric had lived through countless wars. He understood the fear in their eyes. The rubble he walked through now was a burial ground. It marked the lives lost, the absolute decimation of humanity and their inability to fight back.

Remembering that night, Eric pushed his hair back, eyes narrowing-watching-always watching. The Valefar were everywhere. When Ivy killed the king, her reign began rather reluctantly, but as the years passed she found her way. The Valefar had been permitted to remain as they were, but were forbidden from killing those who did not deserve it. A twisted smile lined his lips. Although Ivy was their Queen, she was not one of them. She did not think like the soul-sucking Valefar. They rationalized their actions, carefully at first as to not draw the attention of the Queen, but over time, they had grown careless. The Valefar returned to their old ways, killing for pleasure, stripping away pure souls because it suited them.

The Martis should have slaughtered the Valefar, but they failed to notice. They failed to do anything. Unlike before, the humans with angel blood flowing through their veins remained silent, hidden. It was as if they were waiting for something, plotting their next move. Silence was not a good thing.

Eric shoved his hands in his pockets as he walked, golden eyes searching the abandoned storefronts for signs of life. This section of Rome was the first to burn. The emergency services came with all their trucks and tried to stop it, so some buildings still stood, charred with great black stripes of soot clinging to formerly pale walls.

The sun beat down. Eric wiped beads of sweat from his brow. He knew where he was headed. The broken glass, burned wood, and busted-up road were warning signs for people of a more peaceful disposition to stay away, but Eric wasn't like that. His black boots crushed the rubble under his feet. A few others moved quickly, darting in and out of abandoned buildings. They were no threat to him. Eric kept his head down and kept walking, passing landmarks and art all blasted to bits.

A chill washed over him, despite the balmy temperature. Eric glanced behind him without turning around. Looking into a piece of cracked glass on the side mirror of an abandoned car, he could see a lone figure, small and demure, in the distance. He didn't change his pace or alert the figure that he was aware of their presence. Eric continued to walk, but altered his path. If he was being followed, he didn't want anyone to find out where he was going. Turning sharply, he moved down an ancient alleyway. The steps that rose to connect this street with the upper one were smashed to bits. The buildings leaned close together, nearly blocking the path. It looked as if they could fall at any moment. Eric bounded up the stairs, jumping over the rubble. The path twisted and turned until he was out in the open. He glanced over his shoulder. The small figure that was trailing him was gone. Eric wanted to effonate, but he still felt eyes on him, so he didn't. He didn't want to reveal his true nature, and effonating would do just that.

Eric continued walking until he reached the back of an old tavern. A fallen statue crushed the front entrance to the bar, making it impassable, but the back entrance off the alley was still intact and still in use. Eric pushed through the door and walked to the bar. The room was dark, the way it was before the demons attempted to take over. Since then, people were afraid of the dark. Somehow, they thought light would keep them safe if the demons came back.

Survivors still didn't understand what happened the night the gates of Hell swung open. They ascribed all sorts of theories as to what occurred, but none were correct. None supposed an ancient demon, hell-bent on leaving the Underworld and taking over this one, broke free to massacre the angels and conquer their realm. No one thought such things were true, even after seeing demons with their own eyes. They chose to create other explanations, things that they could fathom-explanations that didn't contradict their beliefs.

Eric leaned heavily on the bar, before sitting on an old stool. Reaching up, he pushed his hood back. The barkeep nodded at him once, and slid him clear liquid in a small glass. Eric reached out and grabbed it before it went flying off the end of the bar. It would do little for him. Eric already knew that, but the liquor in that tiny cup still burned as it slid down his throat. If he drank it fast enough, he could feel a little of the alcohol's effects, but that was all. There was no way to lose himself in the bottom of a bottle. Besides, he wasn't here for the alcohol this time. It was a cover, a guise to check in on something-someone.

A few lanterns flickered in the dark room. Electricity was never fully restored to this section of the city. Eric nodded at the bartender, who kept his distance. Smart man. Out of the corner of his eye, Eric could see two men talking at the other end of the room. They were nursing drinks, as they spoke in whispers. Their hushed voices wouldn't have been heard by mortal ears, but Eric wasn't mortal.

The round man had stubble on his jowls and his back was ramrod straight. Gripping his mug so tightly that his hands shook, he leaned closer, whispering, "That's what they said. At least that's the way I heard it. Crazy, right?" His copious eyebrows inched up to accentuate his point.

His companion was dressed to be forgotten. He looked like everyone and no one at all. There was nothing unique about him, but Eric had seen him before. People like that needed to be watched closer. The man nodded once, slowly, as if he couldn't believe his ears. "Yeah, that's..." he shook his head, looking side to side, and then back at the fat man, "No bodies? Nothing?"

The first man shook his head, "Nothing. There was nothing at all, except a bunch of burn marks. That's why no one's out today." He gestured to the street, his hands moving slowly to not attract attention. The room was filled with other men, having similar conversations. Eric heard every word. The man continued, "They're all hiding, waiting to see what happens. And it wasn't just us this time."

"What do you mean?" he glanced around, leaning in closer, hushing his voice. Eric recognized the tightness of his voice, the hesitation to speak. Saying the wrong thing when times were filled with turmoil was like dropping a spark on a pile of tinder.

The fat man's eyes narrowed, "Russia, England, and France. All of them. And every single one-didn't matter what kind of guard they had-they all died the same way."

His companion sat back hard in the booth, his face pale, staring blankly.

Eric's jaw tightened as he took in the information. His ears burned like he could sense that something larger was at hand, but he didn't realize how closely at hand it was.

A pretty brunette snapped him out of his thoughts. The girl didn't seem to be much older than he appeared-eighteen, maybe twenty. She had generous curves on her tall frame, with h*ps that melted into a pair of perfect legs. Her long, dark hair was tied in a knot on the back of her head. Several strands had pulled free, which were tucked behind her ear. The clothing she wore clung to her body, accentuating every curve. She didn't move like she was aware of the perfection of her body, although she didn't try to hide it either.

The girl sat down hard next to him. A tiny cup came flying down the top of the bar. She plucked it up before it flew off the end, and knocked back the contents. Slamming it down on the bar top, she turned to Eric, "Where the hell have you been?" Her eyes were blue, cold and lifeless-haunted, like his.

Eric was leaning over the bar with his head in his hands, pretending to ignore her. "What do you want, Natalia?" Eric snapped, intentionally mean. He was aware of his curse, of what it would do to her if she got to close to him. He was never making that mistake again.

She grabbed his shoulder, and turned him toward her. Eric's eyebrow shot up, surprised she had the guts to shove him. Her pink lips smoothed into a flat line. She hissed, "Don't talk to me like that. For three years, I've known where you were, and we've helped each other out, and then you disappear without warning."

She released him, seething, angry and relieved at the same time. It would have been three years wasted, had she lost track of Eric. He had a way of falling off the grid and totally disappearing. This time, no matter how hard she tried to locate him, he was simply gone. Waiting, befriending him like this, was a risk, but she needed more time.

Try as he might, Eric reacted without meaning to. It was hard to control himself around her. She brought out his worst. His hands flew up, shackling her wrists like vices, squeezing tightly. He leaned close to her face, never taking his gaze from her icy blue eyes, "I can talk to you however I want. And keep your f**king hands to yourself," he growled before shoving her back slightly, tossing her aside.

Natalia's jaw locked. She burned holes in the side of Eric's face, but he didn't turn to look at her. "You're a jerk, you know that? There's only one person around here who gives a rat's ass about you, and you..." exasperated she paused, trying to find the right word. Maybe she pushed him too hard this time. Touching him was off limits, but she did it anyway.

Eric cut her off, finishing her sentence, "I've been telling you to stay the f**k away, but you don't listen." Their eyes locked for a moment.

Natalia's gaze was defiant, her pink lips pulled into a thin line, her arms folded across her chest. This was the Eric who hid from her, the one she wanted to destroy. Patience. It won't be much longer, she thought to herself.

She leaned in, eyes narrowing, her words taunting him further, "You're all bark and no bite." Her nose was nearly touching his. Every curve of her body was corded tight. She wanted to fight, but she felt something else at times, and she wanted to crush it. She cared about him, and she shouldn't. It didn't matter what his current actions were, they didn't make up for his past. Her lips were nearly touching his, and curled into a smirk, "You're all smoke. No fire. No flames." A single, perfectly dark brow arched as she said the last word.

Something inside of Eric snapped. Reaching up behind her, he grabbed the hair at the nape of her neck. Yanking her closer, he pressed his face to hers and spoke the soft threat into her ear, "Yes, my dear Natalia, and smoke kills faster than fire. Never forget that." He released her, and turned back to his drink. The girl looked shaken, but no one intervened.

Natalia knew something was wrong with Eric, but she wouldn't leave him alone. Hell, everyone knew something was wrong with Eric. It washed off of him in waves that screamed, Stay the f**k away, but she didn't. She had her reasons, reasons she made sure Eric didn't know.

Ignoring his vile tongue and actions, she said, "Have you heard? That's why I was looking for you." When Eric's eyes glanced back at hers, she could see he didn't know what she was talking about. "There's an assassin. Someone is killing off the world's leaders, one by one. Over the past three nights, three have died, maybe more. The only remains were golden marks, burned into the ground."

CHAPTER THREE

Eric steeled his gaze as he listened. The girl explained what she heard, leaving out nothing. The old men at their little table were silent, straining to hear Natalia as she spoke, retelling the latest news.

Natalia continued, "They aren't saying much. I just happened to hear because of my dad's old connections. One of them checked on me the other night," her cold gaze glared at him, biting the words off, "while you were who-knows-where. He told me to get ready. Something's coming. He said it was too much like what happened a few years ago. Ya know, things happening without explanation." She shook her head, her long dark hair swaying side to side.

Natalia tucked a strand of hair behind her ear, her thin fingers smoothing it in place. When she spoke, her voice was strained, pitched higher, and much softer than usual, "Eric, everything is already decimated. There's barely enough food now. The city is still in ruins. People can't take this. I can't take this..." her voice broke off. It was odd for the girl to show vulnerability. After everything she'd been through, he hadn't heard that hitch in her voice since he met her.

Eric's gaze narrowed. He was naturally suspicious, life made him that way, but something in her eyes told him that she wasn't toying with him. She was afraid. Shit. He watched her sweep away a stray strand of hair, and when those icy blue eyes met his, he wanted to comfort her. She never asked for help. If she felt like this, something spooked her. How bad would it really be to take her in his arms and hold her? What was the worst thing that could happen if he grew attached to the scent of her hair, and the feel of her skin against his?

His line between cruelty and compassion was blurred. Ivy had told him to start over and make a new life for himself. But he couldn't. The curse that condemned everyone he cared about to death kept him isolated. There was no one to confide in, no one to trust, and Eric felt himself slipping away, becoming someone more savage-more desperate every day. As the curse increased his pain, so did Eric's thirst for malice. It wasn't enough to wound anymore. It wasn't enough to sate his pain for more than a moment. As each new sun rose, Eric lost another piece of himself. He could barely remember the man he'd been, the one that Lydia had fallen in love with. The one that would have done anything to save her. Now he was more like the Valefar that murdered her.

Eric knew he had to stop, and there was only one way to make sure he never tortured another soul again. Natalia trailing around after him would only get her hurt. Eric wished things were different, but they weren't. This was his life, and she had no part in it. He'd have to increase things with her a few notches to get her to stay away.

Natalia watched Eric's amber eyes. He seemed so cold, and intentionally cruel to her. While she tried to provoke him, bringing this nasty side of him out, she also knew there was more to him, and she tried to ignore it. Nothing he could say or do would repair the damage he'd caused. And all this time, she sat in front of him and he didn't recognize how much she looked like her mother.

Natalia was always on edge, waiting for things to explode between them. To her, it seemed like Eric hated everyone and everything, but there was one action that didn't jive with that persona. She couldn't comprehend why he saved her. Natalia kept telling herself it was due to ignorance, that if he knew who she was, he'd kill her without blinking, but somewhere in the back of her mind, she knew that wasn't it. Eric was more complicated than he let on.

Before he had time to say anything, Eric looked over his shoulder, sensing something-a stirring in the air. It was strange, but since Ivy shoved his soul back into his body, he could sense things. He didn't know if it was Ivy, manipulating him, or that he could feel another Valefar effonate. Either way, trouble was coming and he wanted her gone.

"It's nothing you have to worry about, Natalia." Her pale blue eyes met his, lost and haunted. He saw her as a frightened girl because that was what she wanted him to see. Eric had no idea.

"Go home," he snapped. He didn't like the weakness that crept into her voice, so he bit off the last words, hoping she'd take them like a slap in the face.

Natalia's gaze turned to steel, eyes narrowed. She leaned closer to him, her hair falling over her shoulders. She breathed through gritted teeth, "Go home? Seriously? The world's going to Hell and that's all you have to say?" Before she could ask anything else, Eric turned away, slid a few golden coins onto the bar-enough for his drink and Natalia's-and stood up.

Where were they? His skin itched like he was covered in ants. Last time that happened there were Valefar nearby, but he didn't hear voices outside and no one came in. Eric glanced around the girl as her irritation turned to anger.

He turned to walk away, but Natalia was on his heels. She said, "What's wrong with you? I'm talking to you and you zone out and walk away. Eric, what the f**k is wrong with you?" She reached for his arm, jerking him back. Every muscle in his body tensed as he looked at her. She was tall enough to look him in the eye, and her icy eyes were pissed. Good.

He shook her off, "Listen. The only reason you're following me is because I kept that thing from killing you." That thing was a demon, and it had the girl in its clutches years ago, ready to strip the flesh from her bones. Eric reacted without thinking. He saw more horrors that night than he'd seen in his lifetime, but seeing this girls' flesh stripped from her bones wasn't something he wanted to add to the collection. He acted fast, decimating the demons that were on her. His words now were cruel, intentionally cold, "That was an accident. I should have let them have you. I'm no hero, so stop following me around."

She stared at him while he spoke, anger burning in her eyes. Eric wondered if she was even listening.

He was so deranged. Why'd he have to bring that up? It was the only action she couldn't account for. It made no sense. Natalia's head cocked to the side, "Whatever, Eric. You lost everything, and so did I. How..."

Eric interrupted, leaning into her face, his voice low, "Lost everything? You think I'm like you?" Not glancing away, she swallowed hard. Part of her wanted to say yes, we are the same, but she bit her tongue. Anger flashed in Eric's eyes, "What the f**k is wrong with you? Since then, you've seen who I am-what I am, but you keep acting like there's more. There is no more! This is it. I'm a deranged f**k who revels in pain, and given the same opportunity to save your ass, I'd stand by and watch them slowly skin you!" His voice echoed through the bar. No one spoke. No one dared a glance at him. It was so quiet that the only sound he could hear was Natalia's angry breaths.

Her eyes narrowed as he spoke, her lips opening slightly, ready to verbally accost him, her slender fingers balled into fists. All eyes in the bar were on them, but no one would interfere. Natalia understood that she was on her own from the moment her family was slaughtered. There was no one to help, no one to protect her. When Eric came along she saw something in him. That night he saved her, and kept her safe. She didn't know why and never pressed him. Even after the smoke cleared, after they saw what was left of her city, Eric didn't leave her. He taught her to fight, so she could protect herself. He found a place for her to stay, safely hidden within the rubble. During that time, she saw flashes of someone else, not the hard-ass, nasty prick who was standing in front of her. It was like he was living a double life.

The words he now spoke so callously fell from his mouth and pricked her skin like barbs. He wanted her to believe him, but she didn't. There was something about him that made her think that he was more than he appeared. Eric wasn't just some lost jackass who happened to have a moment of glory. He was glory, concealed by sharp words and disturbing actions. Why couldn't she let that go? He said it was a mistake. Why couldn't she just believe him?

Before she had time to think, Natalia's fist flew directly at Eric's jaw. She wanted to make him stop talking. She wanted the Eric who helped her back, because if that's who he really was, she knew she had the wrong guy. But that part of Eric remained hidden, tightly concealed beneath layers of scorn. Before her knuckles connected with his jaw, Eric's hand shot up. He caught her fist like a baseball, and held on tight.

He crushed her hand, twisting her wrist, pulling her closer to him. "This is who I am." His eyes met hers, burning. Natalie gasped, feeling the pain spreading through her hand, the bones threatening to crack. Eric's lips were so close to hers that she felt his breath, "There is nothing more."

Her pink lips parted, ready to say something, but she never had the chance. Eric looked up into the doorway and recognized the man standing there. Dark skin, black eyes, with a body built like it was made out of steel. Mandor. He hadn't stood in front of the Valefar for years, but he knew they were tracking him. Eric had managed to evade them. The tricks he learned kept them guessing, making it impossible to find him. But somehow they found him.

Eric released her hand, hissing in her ear, "Leave. Now."

He backed away from her, but Natalia didn't move. She glanced over her shoulder and stared at Mandor, not knowing who he was, then back at Eric. There would be bloodshed and he didn't want the girl involved, but she just stood there, in between them.

Natalia glared at Eric before turning to leave. She glanced up at Mandor, giving him a cold glare, as she tried to shove her way through. But Mandor didn't move. He laughed softly at her. It was like a butterfly trying to push a mountain lion aside. He underestimated her just like everyone else did. When they looked at Natalia they saw a slight girl, not a dangerous creature that shouldn't exist. Natalia remained demure, letting Eric and Mandor think their assumptions were accurate. Now was not the time for corrections.

Eric ignored her, turning back to the bar, trying to access if there were more Valefar outside. He wanted to make sure she was safe, and the best way to do that was for it to appear that they weren't together. Glancing at her over his shoulder, he watched Natalia try to exit, pushing her way past Mandor, but the Valefar didn't move. Shit.

Mandor glanced at Eric, deep voice booming, "Your tastes don't change." He grinned a bright smile at Eric, but there was malice behind it. There was always malice when it came to Valefar.

Eric's expression remained unaffected. He glanced at Natalia, his eyes tracing her face and sliding down the curves of her body in a completely carnal way. Heat rose to her face, making her blush, which seemed to piss her off. Eric grinned and she looked away, back at Mandor blocking her path.

The heat still burned in her cheeks. What the hell was that? Eric never looked at her like that before, and she certainly didn't expect to respond that way. Natalia glanced at the man blocking her path wondering what was happening, wondering what he wanted with Eric. She didn't want to leave. Eric was her kill, and she wouldn't just hand him over to be slaughtered by someone else. But Natalia had seen Eric fight and knew it was more likely that he'd win.

Eric leaned against the bar, folding his hands casually and replied, "She's not with me."

Mandor, smiled, amused. Reaching for the girl, he took her by the shoulder. Natalia tried to shake him off, but he tightened his grip. "Is that so?" Eric nodded. Mandor smiled, his eyes drifting over her curves, "So, you wouldn't mind if I took her with us, used her like the Queen's sister, and tossed her aside?" Natalia stiffened. She heard the stories of the Queen's sister. She knew Eric's involvement in that as well. Her mind was reeling. She couldn't show them what she was capable of. Not here. Not now. It would blow her cover and screw everything up. The only chance she had of killing Eric was if he didn't suspect her. This Valefar was about to force her to reveal a secret she managed to keep from Eric for three years. Rage shook her body, but they only thought she was trembling. They saw her as an insignificant piece of ass.

Eric's golden eyes were hard, lifeless. He locked onto her gaze, forcing his tongue to say the words frigidly, "Like I said, she's not mine, so I don't give a f**k what you do to her." He turned his back on them, gesturing for another drink, but the bartender was out of sight.

Natalia's eyes burned, but Eric didn't look away as he spoke. This was the bastard she knew-the man responsible for slaughtering her mother. Rage ignited in every muscle in her body. Without warning, Natalia was in motion. She transformed from the poor little victim to a fierce fighter, trying to hold her body in check so her power wouldn't give her away. Natalia fought the way Eric taught her. She twisted in Mandor's grip, while she blocked his hands, keeping her body out of reach and freed herself.

She growled, "I don't belong to anyone, a**hole." He towered above her like a dark wall of muscle.

Mandor laughed, amused by her ferocity. "All the more reason to catch you, then." Without warning, he reached for her, but Natalia jumped back on top of the bar. It wasn't unreasonable for a human to jump like that, but she didn't have time to consider if her movements seemed human or not. The Valefar was still after her. Mandor's arm shot out, reaching for her ankle. The thick muscles under his dark skin rippled as his hand lurched forward to trap her, but Natalia altered her footing quickly and kicked her heavy black boot straight into his face. The sickening crunch of a broken nose was felt on impact.

Natalia bolted down the top of the bar, muttering, "Dick," as she passed Eric.

Mandor lunged for her, but the lithe girl slipped between his fingers. She contorted her lean body, moving quickly through the caved-in storefront and was out of sight before the Valefar could catch her. Mandor cracked his nose back into place and turned toward Eric with blood dripping down his face. Eric knew the Valefar was here for him, but he had no intention of going. The bastard would drag him back down into the Underworld and there was no way he was doing that. Not yet. It was too soon.

Eric moved toward the door, leaning hard against the frame. The girl moved well. She didn't hesitate. Natalia didn't hold back. He nearly laughed when she cursed at him as she ran down the bar. That girl was trouble, he just didn't know how much.

Mandor wiped the blood off his face with the back of his hand, before saying, "The Queen summons you."

"Tell the Queen to..." he was going to say something nasty, but thought of Ivy and the words died in his mouth. He pressed his eyes closed, and opened them again, staring at Mandor with a grin on his face. He could feel the effonation burning under his skin. Unlike his fellow red Valefar, he had more power than them. Call it a side-effect of being him, the only golden Valefar. As his form shimmered, Mandor realized what was happening and lunged at him.

Laughing, Eric said, "Tell the Queen to kiss my ass."

CHAPTER FOUR

Eric didn't need to be eloquent. He knew his message would never reach Ivy's ears. He also knew the time he had left was limited. There were still several Tribunal members he needed to visit. A sadistic smile spread across his lips as he moved through a pile of rubble. There was a voice in the back of his mind warning him-no, telling him-that if he continued on this path he would lose what he had. Eric scoffed, shoving his hands in his pockets. He had nothing left. He had no one. There was no reason to breathe. His boot kicked a patch of plaster that was still attached to a rafter. The impact shattered both into tiny pieces. Displays of rage were fruitless. They did not calm him as they once did. Instead, the residual effects of the emotion lingered in his body, forcing him to act out later when he didn't want to.

Eric had made his decision. His fate was all but sealed. Intentionally taunting the Queen of the Underworld, the only person who had enough power to destroy him, was cruel. Ivy was his friend and he knew what he was forcing on her, but there was no other way out. The cravings were growing within him, consuming him. There was more monster than man residing inside him. With the curse constantly changing him, making it so he never had peace, he could see the path he was on. There was only one way to get off, and that was death. He'd be destroyed and the curse would end. There was one part of his plan that was undetermined-Eric didn't know if Ivy was capable of killing him.

Since he saw Ivy last, he had tried to kill himself several times. Once he even sought out the Omen, the massive black dragon that destroyed everyone who touched it. Eric didn't touch the Omen-he stabbed the beast-but to no avail. The creature snapped at him, biting his shoulder with deadly teeth and swiping at him with razor sharp talons. The only thing the creature managed to do was make its wound hemorrhage more, leaving a pool of clear blood next to Eric. Beaten, but very much alive, Eric took the Omen's spilled blood and saved it in a vial. Magic that dark and powerful had no effect on him, but he thought that he might be able to use it later. And he did. The clear drops of blood were deadly to everyone, everything-except him.

Eric moved into the inhabited section of Rome, swiftly walking into a store and selecting a snack. He wasn't hungry, he just wanted something familiar. He waited his turn in line, like he wasn't a deranged monster and ordered. When Eric turned around, food in hand, he saw her. Arms folded over her chest, pissed off, tapping her boot.

"Seriously? You ditched me to eat?" Natalia said, her head cocked to the side. Her black shirt had a small tear in the side from climbing through the rubble. Her long dark hair was down, flowing over her shoulders like spilled chocolate.

Eric paused. He wanted to feel something good-something normal. He could let her stay. He didn't have to be mean to her, not since he wouldn't be around much longer anyway. Would it hurt her? Would the curse still condemn her to death if he was already dead? He didn't think so. The power that destroyed should die with him. Besides, pushing her away wasn't working very well. Eric glanced at her, his amber eyes sliding over her face as he bit into a thin sandwich, "Maybe." He smirked at her.

Natalia trailed after him out of the store on his heels. "You are such an ass!" She stopped following him. Her legs felt like they filled with iron, or maybe that was resolve. Either way, she wasn't going to trail behind him like a love-struck puppy. Her arms clamped down tightly over her chest.

Eric turned, glancing at the swells of flesh hidden beneath that tight shirt. His gaze flicked quickly to her eyes. Natalia didn't notice that he had trouble not admiring her curves. The softness of her flesh was enticing, but he knew why he favored her-why he let her follow him. It was exactly what Mandor said, she was his type. She reminded him of Ivy, of Lydia, of a time when he was someone else-someone better. There was no harm in that, right? It meant he could be near her and do what he wanted, but part of him held back, pushing her away.

Part of him knew she was Natalia and very different. Her body was taller, her curves were fuller, and her bite was harder. When Natalia was mad, she let him have it. And by the look on her face, Eric knew she'd had enough. This was a turning point. If he told her to f**k off, he'd never see her again. His eyes slid over her body before he stepped toward her. Eyes lowered, he looked up at her through his lashes, and held out the food. His voice was soft, "Here."

Natalia glanced down at the insanely expensive snack and reached for it. Eric glanced up at her and smiled sadly. When her fingers brushed against his, she felt something that unnerved her. Her crystal blue eyes looked away, back down at the treat in her hands.

"Sorry about before," he said quietly. "If they knew I cared about you, they'd hunt you down. It was better to let them think that you didn't matter to me."

Natalia glanced at him out of the corner of her eye. He cared about her? It felt like someone dropped ice down her spine. She tried to act like it didn't matter; she tried to think this softness wasn't him. This was the false Eric. This was the guy that drove her crazy because he made her doubt herself. She nodded slowly, pretending to be something she was not, "So that stuff you said, before? It was just a bunch of crap to get me to leave?"

Eric stopped and turned to her. Natalia held the sandwich loosely in her hands, her gaze meeting Eric's. His lips wanted to move and say two different things. He blinked slowly at her. It was like time was frozen. Finally he said, "Something like that," and they continued walking shoulder to shoulder down the street. He watched her eat, and realized she must be hungry. He wondered if her food stores had been depleted, but knew better than to ask her. He'd have to go by her place and see for himself.

Natalia felt happy for a moment. The simplicity of walking with someone and eating something that was once so common brought back a flood of memories of happier times. Her dark lashes were lowered, her eyes looking down as she spoke, "You make me crazy, you know that?" She shook her head. Eric glanced at her, appearing apathetic, but she wondered if he was acting, pretending like she was. She didn't want to cause his mood to shift, but she had to know, "You only seem to run hot or cold. There's nothing in the middle for you, is there?"

Eric grinned, "Hot? When have you seen hot?" He tried to hide the laughter in his voice, but he knew damn well that she hadn't seen hot. He kept that part of himself hidden from everyone, especially her.

Natalia looked over at him, "Then what's this?" She laughed lightly, shaking her head. "Awh, I'm so screwed. You only have two modes: I hate you and I hate you more!!" She wasn't entirely kidding, and didn't expect him to respond the way he did.

His voice was deep, his eyes gazing at the little lines in the pavement. "I just want to protect you, Nat."

"From what?" she stopped talking, her heart beating with a deep rhythm that scared her.

Glancing up at her, he asked, "Isn't it obvious?" His pulse thundered in his ears. What was he doing? Eric knew he shouldn't go down this road with her, but he couldn't stop. Maybe he was selfish. Maybe it was because he'd be gone soon, but he dropped his guard. He put away his barbed words and just enjoyed walking with her, hearing her voice and responding the way he would have if he was still himself, and not the desperate monster that crawled under his skin. "From me."

"I already know what you're capable of. I've seen it." This was the man that confused her. There was a softness in his voice, in his eyes that didn't belong there.

"Natalia..." he stopped walking. She took another step before turning. Her lips were parted like she was surprised. He ran his hands through his hair. "You don't know all of it."

His voice was so shaken. It felt like someone pulled all the air out of her lungs in one tug. "I don't need to. I know enough to see that this part of you, this-whatever it is-is something that you keep hidden. I just don't understand why."

Eric's lips parted, as he looked at her, trying to find the right words but there were none. Finally, he answered, "Because it's the least of me. It's deceptive. It's not who I am."

"It's what you could be."

"No," he shook his head, his eyes even more haunted than they were before, "it's what I was, but I'm not that man anymore. He's gone, Nat. The guy that saved you a few years ago is gone. It doesn't matter what I want. If the same situation happened today-"

She held up her hand, her face pinching in anger, "Don't say it. You know damn well that you'd do the same thing!"

Sadly, Eric shook his head, knowing in his heart that he wouldn't. "That's what you don't want to see. That's what you can't admit-that I'd let them have you-I'd watch them destroy you." Eric's chest felt hollow, like he'd spilled his guts and now he was empty. There was no good man left inside of him.

Natalia stepped toward him, "If you think that, then you don't know yourself anymore." He started to interrupt, but she held up her hand. "I know you're a lot more f**ked-up than most people, but Eric... that's not who you are."

Maybe she was right. Maybe she could tell how hard it was for him to keep hold of his old self. The blood-thirsty sadistic side of him was warring within him even then. He wanted to take her, hurt her, make her cry out and bask in her fear, but Eric kept his hands in his pockets. He wouldn't touch her. He'd never touch her.

He asked the question that plagued him, the one he dreaded answering, "Then who am I?"

Natalia saw the softness in his eyes, vulnerability as rare as a kind word was spread across his face. She felt pulled to him when he was like this. Whatever was happening to him, she could feel him at war with himself. He was too hard on himself to see what he truly was, but she knew. And that's why she hadn't acted yet. She breathed deeply, shaking her head as if she were astounded he couldn't see it. "You're a good man who has done a lot of bad things."

Eric let her words sink in. His tongue wanted to slash at her and say things to make her retreat, but he kept his mouth shut. He wished he knew what she was thinking when she looked at him like that. There was sadness in his gaze, an uncertainty that she wore like a mask. It was only present when he was kind to her, which was rare. But right then, in that moment, he couldn't ignore the ache in his chest anymore. Turning away, he started walking again, Natalia at his shoulder. "So much more than you know."

CHAPTER FIVE

Eric spent the rest of the day with Natalia and left her at sunset. The pain that carved his body into an evil man, was assaulting him. The effects of Julia's blood couldn't tide him over. He needed more. It made him blind to the fact that Natalia seemed to have somewhere to go. She practically ran into her house to get away from him. He assumed that his mood was returning to fowl, so she wanted to part on a good note. He had no idea Natalia wasn't that innocent and it would blindside him later.

Natalia slammed the door behind her, breathing hard. She didn't understand. How could Eric be like that? How could he be so sweet one moment and murderous the next? She banged her head against the door. If she didn't find that damn book soon, she was screwed. The fabled book had the list she needed, and it would confirm his identity if Eric had it. Part of her wondered if she was a moron, following a deranged lunatic around for all these years. It didn't matter how hard she searched, she never found his book, his notes to himself so he would remember who he was and what he'd done. It was an artifact that only the oldest angels maintained.

Her lips pulled into a crooked grin. Eric was no angel. Not anymore. That's why it took so long for her to find him. And whether she wanted to admit it or not, she was attracted to him. Everything about him was enticing. The curve of his muscles, the angle of his jaw, the color of his eyes. Her stomach clenched thinking about it. He was her type through and through. Every ounce of him made her want to feel his skin beneath her hands and taste his lips. Sometimes she looked at him and wondered if he was thinking the same thing. The longing in his eyes undid her. He made it difficult to think, and if Eric continued to act like this, she was screwed. Not only did it mean she was attached to him, but it meant that she'd been wrong all this time. It meant she'd tracked down the wrong man. Natalia put her hands on her head, pressing hard, trying to crush the doubt that was growing around Eric.

_____________

Eric walked the streets for hours, trying to subdue his pain, but his feet still took him to the darkest place in the city-the place that would sate his burning desire for blood. It was a location where Valefar lurked and Martis were glaringly absent. Ivy had told them, warned the Valefar, that they could only prey on the wicked, and technically, this place was wicked.

Carina's stood in front of him. It looked like a smashed up hotel, but it was so much more than that-it was a place where Rome's men could play with women any way they wanted. The more nefarious the act, the more likely it was to be found here.

Carina's was a brothel that sprang up after the war, and there wasn't anyone who wanted to shut it down. Places like it kept the streets safer at night, and made sure those who had a taste for pain weren't out stalking helpless prey. They gravitated toward one of the brothels instead, and Carina's was the largest and the most accepting of their needs.

Pain seared through Eric's body, blistering under his skin. His fists clenched tightly, and he knew that it would ease soon. Pushing through a door that lie in the debris as though it fell from the sky, Eric passed through and moved underground, emerging in a long dark hallway. He edged forward in complete darkness until he came to a cellar door and rapped his knuckles on it.

The door cracked open flooding the alcove where Eric stood with smoke and music. A large man with tanned skin and dark eyes looked at him, saying quickly, "She won't have you here again. Not after last time." He pulled the door open and Eric walked through. Carina's was filled with the scent of blood... and sex. He nodded at the man, letting him know he heard his warning.

The room was vast, filled with people sitting on chairs, leaning on tables. Music wafted through the air, playing some tune from long ago. No one seemed to notice that the decor was ancient, like a mid-nineteenth century whore-house with flocked velvet wall paper the color of dried blood. Long drapes stretch from the floor to ceiling, and thick tassels covered everything with ornate fringe. The fringe was on the couches and the uniforms-if you could call a corset and a barely-there panty a uniform.

It was stiflingly hot. Smoke clung to the dark ceiling in a hazy cloud.

Eric approached the long bar that ran the length of the room. Behind it were mirrors that stretched high making the room appear twice as large. Gas lamps flickered dimly. A girl in a corset moved with ease over the lap of the man next to him. At one time, that would have been enough. But not now. Eric needed so much more. It had grown into a necessity, coming here, to this place where screams rang out and pain was lost in pleasure. This was part of the reason he couldn't stand the sight of himself anymore. He knew how far he'd pushed the girl last time he was here, and the warning at the door let him know it was too far. There was a twisting in his gut, but he needed more. Convincing Carina to give him another girl was going to be difficult, but necessary. For some reason, this place had not attracted Ivy's attention, and he needed to keep things that way for a while longer.

Eric felt Carina's eyes on his back before he saw her approach him. Her gnarled finger was in his face before he could turn around. "NO!" she was shouting in Italian, "There is no room for you here. Even we have limits." Her hair was plaited down her back in a long blonde rope. A blood-red corset pulled her waist in while it pushed the swells of her br**sts up high. Every woman who worked for her wore the same corset, a scrap of fabric that barely covered anything below the waist, and a sheer black robe over it.

Eric's eyes didn't leave hers. He knew she was a Valefar, he'd seen her stealing souls once when she'd gotten sloppy and drained a Martis. Their souls had lingering effects that made overindulged Valefar chatty. That night Eric put a shroud on her mind. It made her unable to recall him, his face, his voice, if another Valefar asked about him. It protected him, and made sure no one hunting him would find him here.

"Carina," he purred, leaning back against the bar, stretching out his perfect body, "if Jocelyn doesn't want to play tonight, give me someone bolder." His posture was confident. He knew what happened to the girl before Carina answered. Going too far in a place like this only had one meaning.

Her dark eyes widened, her face pinched, "Jocelyn is dead! You went too far last time you were here! None of my girls consent to anything without my approval now. It's your own damn fault, Eric."

Eric's arms folded over his chest. If it came down to it, he could kill the old woman, but he didn't want to tip his hand. She didn't know what he was capable of. She still thought he was mortal. The incantation he had used addled her mind and made it harder for her to realize that he was an immortal, like her. And no other Valefar could wield such magic to make vast quantities of riches the way he could.

Nodding at her, Eric withdrew a large wad of cash from his pocket. "I'll pay triple. Give me your best girl, you set the rules, you leave the instruments."

The woman's eyes narrowed on the cash. Natalia was right. People were growing more worried and those who had money had power. Greed overcame Carina's sensibility. If she was going to lose another girl, it had to be worth the price. Eric was ruthless. When she found Jocelyn's body the next morning, she couldn't believe what he'd done to her. But Valefar have no grief, just shock. She was shocked to find someone who was more twisted than she, and it drew her to Eric, making her lust after him when she knew she shouldn't.

Carina shook her head, demanding, "Pay ten times higher, if you want my best girl. I will not have you destroying what I took so long to refine. Do you have any idea how long it takes one of these girls to recover from what you do to them? It's been months since you were here last and it's taken that long to replace Jocelyn. I won't have you do that to me again. That's the price. Pay it or get out." Her eyes narrowed to slits as she watched Eric, expecting him to leave. Asking ten times the normal rate was the equivalent to asking for a house. A night with one of her girls wasn't cheap. It took too much time to teach them to endure the acts done to them. Her patrons paid in full, for the entire evening before ever stepping foot into a room.

Eric's lips formed a thin line as she spoke. Jocelyn was a mistake. He thought she could handle it, she'd told him that she could. He remembered her wide brown eyes filled with fear. When he left, she was alive and breathing. This was the first time his heinous acts killed one of her girls. The guard at the door eyed him, waiting to see what he would do. Around him, Eric could feel the divine screams transpiring down the hall, behind locked doors. It was the way things were. The girls were trained to be able to bear an incredible amount of pain, for which they were well paid. It was more than trading sex for cash, it was flesh for gold. Every last piece of that girl would be his to do with as he pleased until morning. It made surviving the nights more bearable. It gave him the control he needed.

Eric glanced to the side, eyeing the corseted girl's moving through the room. "Which one?" he asked.

Carina shook her head, "No games, Eric. You're in or out. And you can only use this," she held out a small silver tack. He took it, rolling the small pointy thing between his fingers and looked up at her like she was crazy.

"You can't expect..." but she cut him off.

"I do! And you will. If you want to stay and play at my house, you follow my rules. This is your only instrument, so you won't kill this one." Eric looked up at her, her eyes were flaming fury, "You expect me to lock her in a room with you with anything more? After last time? No. This is it. That's all you get," she snapped. "Make a decision. It's this or nothing."

The room was crowded. Patrons lined the walls and filled every chair. Carina was a business woman and Eric knew this was a transaction that she didn't want to make. The smart thing would have been to walk away, but Eric was so overwrought with pain that he couldn't think. It seemed to be getting worse, and he didn't know why. Every part of him ached. Nothing sated him anymore, only this. Only sex and blood. He could have pulled a girl off the street and forced himself on her, but Eric didn't want to draw attention to himself. Here, in this place, he could do what he wanted, take what he needed, and be gone. Ivy could not find him.

Eric glanced at her with narrowed eyes, "Fine," he growled, taking more money from his pocket and thrusting it at her. Before she could say anything else, he added, "And it's enough for two girls. I'm paying ahead for next time. Same rate, Carina. And if you don't give me what I want, I'll take you."

The woman laughed like he was flattering her. She snapped her fingers after taking Eric's money, smiling at him like he was a thoughtful boy. "Take me? How sweet. Tell me, Mr... Are you ever going to tell us your last name?" There was a playful smile on her face, her hip cocked out to the side as she looked down at him. She couldn't remember why she didn't know his full name, why she hadn't insisted when it was a normal part of the transaction. But she didn't feel the need to know, and he'd never told her.

Eric shook his head, arms folded across his chest, "No."

Carina couldn't sense that Eric had placed a spell on her. It was so minor that she couldn't tell it was there at all. Certain things about him just felt forgotten, and she didn't mind. Like his name.

Carina rolled her eyes, "Sasha will be your consort tonight." She turned to the barkeeper and nodded. The man tossed her a golden key with a plaque hanging off of a red tassel. "Room three. She's already in there, waiting like usual." Eric's eyes watched her as she turned away, his gaze falling to her bare h*ps as she walked away to help another patron.

Eric passed through the crowded room quickly, navigating his way around throngs of people. A guard stood blocking his way to a hall with golden numbers on the doors. Eric showed his key, and was promptly stripped of his shirt and shoes. They patted him down, removing all his weapons so that the only thing he had left was his tack. When they were done, the guards stood aside and let him pass.

The hallway appeared to go on and on forever, with an infinite number of rooms for an infinitely perverse population. Each side of the hall was lined with doors, each door boasting a golden number. He knew what he'd find on the other side: A corseted woman, chained in the room and the only instrument he was permitted to use on her was the push pin in his hand. Fuck. He wanted a knife, but that was what he used last time. What the hell could he do with a pin?

As Eric padded down the hall he noticed the wallpaper was the color of dried blood. Part of him thought that Carina did that on purpose. She had a nasty sense of humor, which would be expected since she owned a place like this. After the war, people had seen things they didn't know how to deal with. Some couldn't. Some sick bastards just needed to feel warm blood sliding over their skin. It became normal at some point, like it was normal to him. The blood and pain was robbing him of who he was, but he couldn't stop. He needed it. He needed the girl on the other side of the door to scream out. He needed to feel her blood on his hands and see the fear in her eyes. Eric passed door number one. He could hear faint screams from the other side. Closing his eyes, he savored the little release it gave him. The second door was silent, but as Eric approached door three, he could feel the fear crash into him, setting his groin on fire. She must be gagged, he thought as he passed the door and stopped in front of number three.

As Eric slid the key into the lock, a moment of foreboding passed over him. He didn't want to do this. He never wanted to do this, but it was the only thing that helped anymore. And the girl on the other side of the door signed up to be here. He didn't want to think of the reasons why. It would make his justification for what he was about to do disappear. He pressed his eyes closed and leaned his head on the door.

A voice cut through the hall. Carina said, "Blood is mercy, Eric. It's your vice. So what? There are worse things." When he lifted his head to look at her, he knew she didn't understand. She was Valefar, and soulless. Of course she thought tormenting someone was harmless. But he felt it, every time, destroying his soul piece by piece. It was like he was trading pain for peace, but in the end, he'd lose both. Carina was coldhearted, and didn't understand. This flash of reluctance made her think he was mortal, and helped hide his true nature, but it made him feel weak. When he was a Valefar, he would have done this without a second thought. He'd wanted to do it to Ivy-he'd threatened her so many times.

He nodded at Carina, his hand on the knob, "Yes, there are," he agreed. Her blood red lips pulled into a smile as he turned his back and disappeared into the room.

CHAPTER SIX

Her breathing increased when he walked in. He stood at the door with his back to her, his hands gently pushing the door closed and lowering the bar. Sliding the golden key in place, he sealed them in, and extracted the key. Shirtless and feeling overly exposed, he turned to face the room to see what Carina had given him.

The girls weren't real, he couldn't think of them that way or he couldn't do this. They were things, possessions. They belonged to Carina and chose this willingly. The thoughts ran though his mind several times. As he moved slowly across the room, he heard the chains rattle in the corner. It was pitch black, but he could make out her corseted figure, chained to the wall, facing away from him. Long waves of dark hair trailed down her back. Two smooth round mounds of ass could be seen through the robe. The girl didn't move, but he could sense her heart beating rapidly. He wondered how many times she did this, and what she had to go through to be able to endure him.

Eric stopped at the massive bed in the middle of the room. It had a black iron headboard with more chains and cuffs attached to it. The bedroom walls were black, flocked velvet. Ornate moldings lined the room. Combined with the dark furniture, it look like he was in another time. Eric wonder briefly if that was where Carina was when she was turned Valefar. The styles, the things of the age when one becomes immortal are remembered most vividly, while the memory of other things-important things-fade away.

Eric didn't speak. His senses were in hyper-drive, wavering between doing what he wanted and what he needed. The girl faced the wall, not moving, not peering over her shoulder to see him. Her arms were chained above her head and he knew the muscles were burning. She'd been there too long, waiting for someone less ruthless than he was. Jocelyn seemed to realize it was Eric when he showed up. The moment he walked through the door, she knew to be more afraid than with the others. She knew how twisted he was, the level of pain he needed to feel sated-at least for the moment. This girl didn't know him. She remained still, the sound of her heart beating steadily without fear.

Moving past the nightstand, Eric left his jeans on and walked slowly toward his victim. Without a sound, he stood behind her. An involuntary shiver raked her body. A small sound, the rush of air, came out when his hand cupped her bare ass. He liked the G-string on her. It gave him access to her flesh, without making her strip, yet. This teasing, making her wait, should increase her apprehension, but the girl's heart pounded the same. Eric slid his hand over her smooth skin, withdrew it, and then hit her hard.

The sting nearly made her cry out, but she bit her tongue. The girl pressed her head to the wall, trying to ignore the disturbing sensations that were crawling out of her stomach and tightening in her throat. Breathe, she thought to herself, Don't speak.

Eric leaned his toned body against her, pressing her to the wall. She was holding her breath, trying to remain silent. Eric pressed his finger to her face, trailing it down her neck before breathing in her ear, "I want you to cry, Sasha. I want to feel your body shake as you scream when I'm with you." For Eric, it was part of the game and a part that he couldn't do without. When he was here, this girl would do what he said.

Natalia blanched when she heard it-his voice. Eric. For half a heartbeat, she told herself that she could do it, that he was the same as the rest. But her mind protested the thought of Eric's hands sliding down her skin, feeling her in a way that made her hot all over. He was attractive, and she wanted him-and completely hated herself for it. There was no relationship with Eric. Everything was fake. Every piece was staged, an act that went on and on. This wasn't part of it. There was no way she could do this to him, and this wasn't the way she wanted revenge.

Eric slid his hand between her legs and she sighed, wanting him there. Every bit of her being wanted him. Anger coursed through her. Why? Why did he make her feel like this?

Eric didn't know what changed, but he sensed it. Something he said made her angry, but his mind was too slow. He didn't see it coming. Before he knew what happened, the girl bucked backward, knocking him away. Caught by surprise, Eric staggered back a step. Natalia's leg swung out, chains attached, and kicked him away. Aroused, he jumped back to his feet. None of Carina's girls had ever fought back before. It went against the owner's rules, but he liked it all the same.

Eric lunged for her, grabbing her long dark hair, yanking it back hard, exposing her neck to him. Her br**sts swelled at the top of her corset, distracting him from her face. It wasn't until she said his name that he stopped, that he realized who he was hurting. It felt like a cloud lifted and he could see her. He knew her.

"Eric! Don't!" Wide blue eyes were locked on his face, searching for recognition, knowing his name would break the power that masked her from him. If she remained silent, he could have been with her and not realized it was Natalia. But she spoke. She defied Carina, because she couldn't stand the idea of being with Eric. Her body longed for his and she hated herself for it. What kind of assassin does that? "Eric," she snapped his name again, and it was like someone hit him in the face.

Eric dropped his hold on the girl. His eyes narrowed in on the side of her face. She was still chained to the wall, hands above her head, ankles shackled. His heart was racing like it would explode. Was that who he thought it was? It couldn't be. He brushed back the curtain of dark hair that hid her face.

"Natalia," he breathed, shocked. Anger flashed through him and he stepped away from her like she was poison. Why didn't he recognize her? He was staring at her, but he didn't really see her until she spoke.

Natalia was livid, trying to twist around to yell at him. Lies were rapidly forming in her mind. She broke the trance, and had to give a reason for her presence-one he could believe. "Eric! This is going to completely screw me! Do you know how long it took to get her to let me do this? And you! She gives me you!" Natalia pulled on the chains, her long hair tangling in the silver. Her body stilled. She took a deep breath through her crimson lips. Make-up stained her face, making her nearly unrecognizable.

Eric stood there mute, watching her struggle for a moment. His eyes lingered on her skin. He could still feel her firm bare skin in his hands. The sheer dressing gown was translucent, revealing the tightly laced corset. The steel boning that ran up the seams in the corset was what he planned on using on her instead of his pin. Pictures of what almost happened ran through his mind. Fuck. He tugged his hair, pushing it out of his face. Natalia hung her head, her heart beating slower. He felt it-the slowing of her pulse-she thought she was safe with him. Pressing his eyes shut, Eric turned away from her. He headed for the door when her voice called out behind him.

Natalia saw him walking away. Panic choked her. Carina was powerful and she needed this place. If Eric walked out she was screwed. Thinking fast, she said, "Eric! Don't! You can't tell her you don't want me!"

He stopped in his tracks and looked back at her. The tension in his shoulders was dripping down his arms. He wanted this-he needed this-but not with her. "Watch me." He inserted the golden key into the barred door, trying to fumble the lock open.

Natalia struggled, pulling at the chains, pleading, "She won't let me come back. Eric, don't do this to me!"

He rounded on her, crossing the room in a flash. Suddenly he was in front of her, hands flying, golden eyes glowing like embers about to combust, "What the hell am I supposed to do with you? With this!" He gestured to her chained body, her dark hair, the make-up that covered her face making her something she wasn't, something he couldn't see. To him, Natalia was perfect and innocent. This clashed with his version of her.

"Please, Eric. Please. If you tell her that you know me, she'll hurt me. If something like this happens, I'm not supposed to say anything. I shouldn't have said anything!" She was panicking. He could hear her voice cracking. The panic was real.

Eric turned from her, looking for something to smash, and finding nothing. He growled, his hands clenched into fists, "Did you think I wouldn't see you? That I wouldn't notice that it was you? I know you're name's not Sasha! I know you! What the f**k were you thinking?"

"No," she cried, her crystal blue eyes wide and pleading, "you shouldn't have noticed it was me. She did something, but saying your name messed it up. Carina said no one would recognize me. That there was more to it than make-up and lights. Please, Eric. Don't leave this room. Not with me like this." Her heart was racing, blood surging through her body like she was afraid.

Was that enough?she wondered. It wasn't like she could admit to knowing there was a spell on her, on him, and she broke it-on purpose. Her breathing was shallow, as blood rushed through her veins faster and faster. The roar echoed through her ears, deafeningly loud. She'd worked so hard to get close to him, now all that work was gone. How did she not realize he came here! They'd both been here for years and never seen each other. The possibility wasn't mind-blowing. If he only came in a few times a year, like her, then it was unlikely that their paths would cross. But they had, and now she risked losing everything. And being chained to the wall and having Carina pissed at her was a bad place to be. She had a soul and she knew that soul-sucker would take it if she could.

Eric's golden eyes locked with hers. "Why are you so frightened?" He felt it, the sudden surge of fear that should have been there the moment he walked into the room, but it had been glaringly absent. "You signed up for this messed-up shit, so what's the worst that could happen if I leave you hanging on the wall like a slut?" This wasn't her. Why was she here? He didn't understand. He wanted to unchain her and take her with him. He wanted to feel the sting of his hand on her skin again and make her remember not to come back. If she needed this, he could have given it to her. Delusions of control swam in front of his eyes, but he still didn't understand.

Her chest heaved as she tried to breath, but between the corset and the chains holding her arms up, she couldn't. Natalia sucked in air like she was going to pass out. Her head felt heavy. Natalia was talking, not really thinking about what she was saying. "The screams," she staggered, her body leaning to the side like she was going to go down. "The screams that come out of Carina's room when a girl fails... Eric. She'll do that to me..." the room started to spin. Natalia felt like her ribs were being crushed. There wasn't enough air. Her neck felt so weak and her head couldn't remain upright.

Eric growled. Crossing the room with the golden key in hand, he unchained her. Forcefully, he ripped off the shackles one by one. Natalia was leaning hard against him as he released her ankles. When he rose and stood eye to eye with her, she was still gasping like she'd run a few miles. Eric muttered things she couldn't hear, grabbed her tiny waist and spun her around. If he had a knife, he would have cut the damn thing off of her. Instead, he pulled the strings on the back of her corset, loosening them so she could inhale.

It pained him to realize that she was working here, what it must mean. Natalia was a good girl-at least he thought she was. When he got over the shock of seeing her, of what he nearly did to her, he asked, "Why are you here?"

Natalia looked at him, a lost expression on her face. Dark hair hung in long waves making her look perfect, like a porcelain doll. She shrugged, "Same reason you are, I suppose." That was the god-awful truth, but she knew he wouldn't listen to her. He never did.

Rage surged through him. Shaking his head, he grabbed her shoulders, "No, it's not. There's no way in hell that you're here for the same reason as me! Tell me why." When she didn't answer, his fingers dug into her flesh harder. She didn't wince, Natalia kept her gaze locked on Eric like she was a defiant brat. With one shake he released her.

"Fine," she said rubbing her arms, crafting another lie. She'd already told him so many. "I needed a job and I'm good at this, okay? The only down side is that Carina's a freak-she scares the hell out of me." It was the truth, and she knew Eric would sense it. There was more to it than that, but that was the core reason she worked for Carina. Dread pooled in her stomach. He had to believe her. It would destroy everything she worked for if he didn't. Natalia turned her gaze toward Eric. Her cold blue eyes met Eric's for a moment before she sat on the bed. She pressed her lips together, asking, "Are you going to tell her?"

Eric shook his head and sat down next to her on the bed. It was soft and gave way, slumping beneath him. Eric leaned forward and put his head in his hands. "No, I won't tell her." His voice was so faint that she shouldn't have heard it, but Eric knew she did.

What the hell was wrong with her? If she needed money, he would have given it to her. There had to be more to it than that, but what? What was she hiding? She wasn't a Valefar, he would have noticed that by now. They needed to feed frequently and he spent long stretches of time with her, so he knew she didn't go off pillaging souls at night. And yet, she was here. Something was wrong with her. The question was what? He glanced at her, "How long?"

She stared straight ahead, not meeting his gaze, her spine straight. The lies were thick, coating her tongue, sliding off and sounding totally believable. "You were supposed to be my first."

Laughing coldly, he stood and looked down, "I would have been your last." For a moment, he only stared at her. The beauty that made the girl what she was, the luster of her skin, the haunted expression in her eyes-all of it was hidden by make-up and the costume of a seductress. Eric tried to understand the girl. She was young. Maybe this was to play out some fantasy, but when he looked at her face he didn't see the eyes of a naive child. Shaking his head, he said, "I can't fathom why you're here. This isn't about money. It's not about sex. It's something else." From the look on his face, he could tell he was on the right track, but he couldn't put his finger on the reason. Golden eyes locking on her face, he demanded, "Tell me."

Natalia squirmed as he gazed at her, insanity clutching at her throat. The desire to tell him filled her until she couldn't stand it. Like Eric, she'd been alone for so long. They had so much in common, they were so alike, but she couldn't reveal herself. There was no forgiveness for what he'd done. No, she couldn't tell him. She couldn't tell anyone. She knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that she was still safe with him. He didn't realize who she was, or what she was. If he did understand, he wouldn't be asking.

She relaxed a little, dodging the question, replying, "Eric, I could have handled you." Her voice was cold. If he wasn't the man who destroyed her life, she would have liked to handle him. There was no one she ever met who was as infatuated with pain as Eric. It peeked her curiosity several times, but he wouldn't discuss it. She thought he tormented people because he enjoyed it. For Eric, admitting he needed to was even worse, but it would have made a difference to Natalia. She tried not to be cruel, and cruelty lined every inch of Eric's body.

He walked over to her, gripped her wrists and yanked her off the bed. "No, you couldn't. If that charm Carina gave you worked, you would have died." His eyes burned a hole in hers. Natalia didn't back down. Eric's hands slid under her robe, his fingers tracing the steel bars inside her corset.

Why wasn't she afraid of him? Even here, now. She should realize what he would have done to her, but she just stood there with those cool blue eyes like they were at the park.

Eric wanted to shake her up and make her realize what he would have done. "I would have left you chained to the wall, and ripped this off of you so I could get at the metal in the corset. Carina banned me from having anything bigger than a push pin. After what happened with Jocelyn, I couldn't blame her." Natalia blanched, her skin whitening when he said the other girl's name. "So, I'm finally getting through to you?" He tugged on her corset hem when she didn't answer, his fingers grazing her thigh.

Natalia felt sick. She knew what happened to Jocelyn, in all the gory detail. Eric had done that and he was here tonight to do it again. She swallowed hard, too stunned to move. "Message received," she said softly. "You're completely f**ked up." Apprehension and compassion were colliding. What made him this way? No! She scolded herself. This is Eric, at his core, this is what he is. Saying he was a good man was a lie. This thing, this monster, was the one that dominated him.

Satisfied that he finally got through to her, Eric nodded, releasing her.

Natalia's eyes slid over his bare chest. She was fighting her instincts so hard, but his skin was so smooth, and he was so close. Eric's scent filled her head, and she couldn't help herself. Stepping closer to him, she slowly raised her hand, and pressed the pads of her fingers to Eric's chest. She watched him as she did it, his eyes locked on hers the whole time. He didn't swat her away. He didn't throw her like she expected. He remained perfectly still. Natalia had to see, she had to know if her touch had any effect on him, if she could feel his power draining from his body and filling hers-but she didn't. There was no transfer of power.

"What are you doing?" he breathed. Every muscle in his body was corded tight. She traced her finger over his pecs, feeling the smooth curve of his skin.

Her gaze was no longer on his, but slid lower, following the path of her finger like she was mesmerized. And she was. Her body didn't care that it wasn't absorbing his power, it was still fixated on touch-on sensation. It didn't matter how loudly her subconscious screamed at her, Natalia could not withdraw her hand. The succubus part of her wanted him, and she didn't like to be denied. It was something that drove her crazy. This immortal part of her being made it hard for her to act logically, to think. It only seemed to happen when she had the most to lose, like now.

Eric breathed deeply, feeling her finger trail over his flesh. His lips burned, wanting to press against her skin. The aching in his groin could be eased if he slid inside of her, but he didn't touch her. He didn't move. Trying to control himself, Eric kept his hands at his sides, otherwise he was afraid of what he'd do. Of how he felt.

"She'll notice that you didn't hurt me." Those words were a bomb that shattered whatever was happening between them. Eric's hand shot out and grabbed her wrist, stopping her caress.

"What are you asking me to do?" He blinked at her, stunned.

She glanced at her wrist in his hand and then back up at his eyes, "I think you know."

Silence passed between them. A million scenarios played out in Eric's mind, each one sexier than the last, but he couldn't allow any of them to happen. Releasing her arm, he nodded, and headed toward the nightstand. "Then, this will work," he looked up at her, not saying what he was thinking or what he planned to do. What was wrong with her? Why wasn't she afraid of him? He pressed the pin to her arm, pulling it down, slowly scratching her skin without cutting her. The wake of the pin's path left a white line on her arm. There was no trace of fear in her eyes.

Natalia's stomach twisted, sending off multiple warnings to her brain. There was no way she should be with Eric. At best she would kill him, and it was too soon. She needed something else, something she couldn't remember. Something that didn't seem as important as showing him that she could handle whatever he wanted to do to her. The tight clenching in her belly made her lips part and her eyes grow dark. She shifted her weight and leaned forward. The pin pierced her skin, sinking in and drawing blood.

Eric watched her do it, move into the point so that she bled. She swallowed hard looking at him, waiting for him. Wanting him. Her voice was cold, "Do it. I can take anything you can do." Her pale face remained fixed, watching him respond to her.

Eric held the pin still. He could feel the sharp burst of pain from pushing it into her skin, but the sensation ebbed. Everything ebbed. He didn't understand. Before she could say another word, he dropped the pin. It fell to the floor and he grabbed her. Scooping her up, he threw her body onto the bed. Eric jumped on top of her and quickly pinned her between his thighs. Reaching for her wrists, he held her down as she struggled to get up. A leg collided with the side of his head, but he was too quick. He'd already chained her wrist. Hitting him with the leg just made it easier to grab her.

Natalia swatted at him, twisting, trying to free herself. She came back to herself even though she was drowning in lust. It was that look, the expression on his face. It spoke worlds to her, and it meant he decided to do something stupid-and she knew exactly what it was. Pleading with him, she said, "Eric! I've seen that look on your face before! You're going to leave me here. Don't you...!" she swung at him again, her fist colliding with his side. Both feet were chained.

Eric pressed his body over hers, smashing her into the bed. "I can do whatever the f**k I want." He already had her free hand bound by the time he stopped speaking. He looked down at the girl chained to the bed. Before he slid off of her, he pressed a kiss to her temple. If he was going to be with her, it wasn't going to have anything to do with easing her fear of Carina. If he was going to have her, it was going to be because she wanted to. He laughed lightly as fire filled her eyes.

Natalia, snapped at him, "Eric, don't. This isn't fair! Don't leave me here like this. I can't defend myself." Finally, the girl was afraid. It took her long enough. She writhed on the bed, trying to get loose from the cuffs. The corset bodice was getting twisted, threatening to reveal her snowy white skin. Eric's gaze lingered. He couldn't help himself.

He laughed at her words, "If you're not afraid of me, you have nothing to worry about with, Carina." He turned his back on her and walked toward the door with a smile on his face.

"Eric! You demented bastard! This isn't funny! She'll kill me!" Every ounce of her body pulled against the restraints, but nothing happened. She was trapped. Eric still wasn't certain if this was an awkward coincidence or something more. This was his chance to find out. And he planned on taking it.

"Good-bye, Natalia. Give Carina my best." With Natalia spewing nasty words behind him, Eric slid the key into the lock, pulled the door open, and passed through. After closing it behind him, he leaned against the dark wood, listening to her struggle. Hoarse cries called after him begging him to come back, but he wouldn't help her.

Pushing off the door, Eric walked down the hallway with a grin on his face. If he was right, she wouldn't be there when he got back. If he was wrong, well, he warned her off enough times that she might actually listen to him after this.

Eric passed the guards, shaking his head that he didn't want his things yet. "Not done," he grinned. He passed them, moving into the room wearing only a pair of dark jeans.

CHAPTER SEVEN

Waiting at the bar, he had a few drinks, watching the hour pass. The best customers appeared to be mostly men and were shirtless, like him. A corseted woman slid onto Eric's lap almost as soon as he sat down. When a patron here bought a girl, it was for the entire night. They were permitted, expected, to leave the room and sit at the bar during the evening.

There were several reasons for it, some of which included making the woman chained in the room fill with terror as she waited for his return. There were too many corseted women to count. He wondered where Carina found them, and how many were Valefar. From what Natalia said, it sounded like several women were punished by having their soul removed. Whether or not Carina turned them was beyond him. While he could sense Valefar, he couldn't be certain until he saw their mark. And like his golden mark, theirs were also hidden.

The warm woman on his lap slid into Eric, and he held her there, feeling her bare thigh beneath his palm. She chattered about things that didn't matter to him, things that piqued the interest of the man sitting to his right, but Eric wasn't listening. He was thinking about Natalia. If she was gone, what would that mean? What was she? In all the time he'd known her, he never suspected she was anything but mortal. Now he wasn't certain anymore.

Darker immortals had an affinity for places like this. Maybe she was one and just hid it exceptionally well. In all the time he'd known her, Natalia never did anything to tip her hand-assuming she was an immortal. For her to enjoy being at this place, she must be a Valefar, but she didn't act like it. Natalia rarely lost her temper and he never saw the tell-tale sign-the mixing of blood and fire in her eyes, the signal that she'd lost control. And Eric taunted the hell out her. For the past few years he was nasty to her more often than not, and Natalia would react, but her actions were like that of a child. She threw fits and called him names. She never tried to kill him. Her body never shook with anger so that her eyes pooled with uncontrollable rage.

Eric was rolling his empty glass in his hand, when the girl on his lap stiffened and stood. His gaze lifted and he saw that Carina was walking toward him. "Eric," she said tartly. The nameless girl hurried away. "Killed her already?" Carina cocked her blonde head. Her hair was messier than before. No doubt she already sucked out some poor bastard's soul.

Eric leaned forward, a grin lighting up his face, as he put his empty glass on the bar. "How much?"

She didn't know what he was talking about. The expression on her face faltered. The nonchalant air she carried tripped, face-first. "How much, what?"

"Name your price, Carina. I want her," his voice darkened, demanding and deadly. "I want her the way I had Jocelyn. Don't deny your best patron a little pleasure." Eric's heart was beating hard. Jocelyn. Damn, mentioning the girl's name made him want to do that all over again. The itch in his fingers, the burning to feel-he cut off the thought. Controlling himself was crucial.

Eric's infectious smile caught on immediately and Carina purred back at him, "A little pleasure is what this place was made for Eric, but what you're asking for goes beyond that." She shook her head, her blonde hair falling over her bare shoulder. She smoothed her hands over the satin corset. Leaning closer to him, she smiled, her red lips inches from his face. "Besides, you couldn't possibly afford it. Best go find your playthings somewhere else, I think." Carina turned on her heel, ready to walk away. But Eric recognized that he had her. There was a price.

Reaching for her waist, he fished his finger through a corset string and tugged slightly, stopping her in her tracks. An old trick, he decided. She looked down at him, an eyebrow arched. Eric asked, "Indulge me, Carina."

Ruby lips twisted into a sadistic smile, "Triple your previous payment, and a kiss." She breathed the last word, her full lips inches from his.

Eric smirked, "A kiss? You don't want something... more?" He knew what she wanted-his soul. She could sense it, even though it was tainted and torn.

Her eyes lingered on his face, her fingers under her chin. Carina sighed, and leaned against the bar, coyly looking at him from under long lashes. She mistook his question, thinking he was mortal. "Would you like more, Eric? You would, wouldn't you?" She laughed deeply. Mortal men were so easy to ensnare. She could take his money and his soul anytime she wanted. She pressed a finger to Eric's lips, barely touching him, whispering, "But I know better."

Eric watched her closely, his body tense as he tried not to respond to her touch. It sent ripples of rage through his body. Carina mistook his tension for longing. He wondered how she stayed alive this long. Maybe she wasn't as daft as she seemed.

Carina, standing straight, leaned her hip against the bar, resting her arm on the shiny top. "Bring me more gold and I'll give you as many girls as you like. No rules. No promises, Eric. You can do what you like." He watched her lips move, shocked by her nefarious offer. No wonder Natalia was afraid of her. The woman just sold her for slaughter, but he sensed something darker there, too.

Eric moved his hand, ready to put it in his pocket to use a Valefar charm to produce more money, but Carina stopped his hand. Eric looked at her, ready to strike. Carina turned, standing in front of him, and rested her other hand on his shoulder. Eric didn't move. Sliding her hand along his bare skin, she moved behind his shoulder. He could feel her standing there, in his blind spot. The muscles in Eric's shoulders rippled as he tensed. Leaning forward, Carina slid her slender fingers into his empty pocket. Eric stared straight ahead watching her in the glass, heart pounding in his chest. He would kill her if she attacked. Every muscle in his body tensed as he waited for her to respond.

Her long dark lashes looked up at his reflection in the mirror. She purred in his ear, "How did you intend to pay for her when your pockets are empty?" Knowingly, she gazed at him as she withdrew her hand.

Eric was quiet for a moment, unsure if she was calling him out. After all this time, she finally figured out what he was. He'd used spells to hide himself from her, but after Jocelyn, she must have suspected he wasn't just some random murderer. Her death was too gruesome for that, too elaborately enjoyed for someone who'd never done it before. It wasn't an act of passionate rage that flew out of control. Damn it. Eric decided to find out exactly what she thought he was. "But, we have ways, don't we Carina?"

She shrugged, as if she didn't know what he was talking about. Eric slipped his hand into his pocket and used the Valefar ability. Within seconds a large gold coin formed. Carina watched him, eyes locked on his face as he did it, examining-waiting for his beautiful face to twist in pain-the price for creating such a large piece of gold would be agonizing, if it was even possible. But Eric was different. The pain price of using Valefar magic was less than that of the curse, which made him barely notice. It was like a fly sitting on his shoulder. He was aware of it, but it didn't faze him. His power exceeded hers. Unlike Carina, there was no limit to the amount of gold he could create. When Eric pulled the coin from his pocket, he placed it on the dark bar top. The gold glittered in the dim light.

Plucking up the coin, Carina examined it, "So it would seem. But I have taken every weapon you had and there is no proof of your affiliation."

Astute woman. She was asking about his mark. If he was a Valefar, why didn't she see it when she took his weapons? Surely the brimstone that hid his affiliation-as she called it-was contained in a weapon. That was the way it worked for the rest of the Valefar, but for not Eric. When he left the Underworld, the golden mark on his flesh faded and he didn't know why. But he wasn't about to tell her that. Eric leaned in, "I could say the same thing, yet I know what you are-and what you're capable of-what a kiss means, from a beautiful woman like you."

Carina flipped the coin between her fingers, glancing up at Eric from beneath her brow. She didn't like him, he was sure of it, but at this point she would have to challenge him to leave and he didn't think she would. Her crimson lips parted slightly as she said, "There are some needs that cannot be sated."

"I am well aware," Eric replied.

She nodded slowly, accepting his words. Turning to walk away, she continued to examine the coin in her palm. Eric watched her leave, the black robe flowing around her ankles. When she stopped, Carina spoke over her shoulder at him. Her voice was detached, feeling no remorse for the transaction she'd made, "Clean up when you're done."

He eyed her, Eric's fingers tapping the bar like he couldn't wait, a wide dark smile stretching across his face, "It'll be like she never existed."

CHATPER EIGHT

Barefoot, he padded past the guards, feeling Carina's eyes on his back. She knew he wasn't mortal anymore and was suspicious of him, thinking he was a Valefar. He didn't correct her. While it led her closer to realizing who he was, she was still miles away. Ivy was scouring the city looking for him, but the charm he placed on that piece of gold would make Carina's recollection of his features grow hazy. She wouldn't remember him until she saw him again. The only way he'd get trapped here is if Mandor happened to walk in while he was here.

The tension in his legs made Eric want to run. He was practically giddy. This would tell him what she was, and if she was mortal the gold would protect her from Carina. And if she wasn't, nothing could protect her from Eric. Pulse rushing in his ears, he took slow controlled steps. Passing the guards he said nothing. The tension in his arms made them feel like lead, hanging at his sides. He cracked his knuckles to relieve the sensation and stopped in front of door three. Eric withdrew the key from his pocket and slid it into the lock. His heart was pounding. Beyond a shadow of a doubt, he thought that the bed would be empty. The girl would have freed herself and ran. There was no way that Natalia was a mortal stupid enough to think that she could survive in a place like this. He'd seen the spark in her eyes, the light of keen intelligence that said she was smarter than that.

But he was wrong.

When he pushed the door open, and stepped into the room, Eric's heart sank. Natalia was still lying there, chained-and livid. The bed sheets were bunched under her back as she tried to free herself by twisting out of the cuffs. Her wrists were bloody where the chains cut into her soft flesh. Tears stained her face, distorting her dark make-up. It looked like someone had taken coal and drew lines under her eyes. Eric's stomach twisted. He hated seeing her like that, and he was the one who did it to her. Damn.

The anger that coursed when he realized she was just some helpless girl-an incredibly stupid one-faded. He walked toward her. She didn't look at him. She didn't think he was coming back. Eric's voice was soft, softer than it should have been. He wanted to take her and shake some sense into her, but he controlled himself.

"When are you going to believe me?" he asked sternly, sitting next to her on the bed. He reached for her cuff. Natalia's arm was limp. The scent of her blood was heavenly, but he ignored it, and freed her chewed up wrist.

She stared at him, watching his hands move to unchain her. His touch was light and the slope of his shoulders told her a million words Eric would never say. After he freed her ankles, she sat up slowly, rubbing her wrists with Eric's hand on her back to steady her. Dark hair cascaded down her back. Icy blue eyes met his, "I'll believe you when you stop coming back for me."

"You're demented, you know that?" he laughed hollowly. She had a death wish, and he... Eric realized how much he wanted her to live. There was no life for her if she chose to hang around him. Intentionally steeling his voice, he growled, "Go find some regular guy to f**k and have babies with-I'm not him." He glared at her. That had to be the reason. That had to be why she was here. She didn't see him. She didn't see what he really was. He was certain she was looking at him like a hero and he wasn't. He wasn't. And it didn't matter what he did, she didn't see it.

"You're wrong," she said, barely loud enough to hear.

He laughed callously, wringing his hands before snapping at her, "About what?"

"About me," she moved quickly, her fist colliding with his face, sending him flying backwards. Eric's body hit the floor with a loud thud. She'd never hit him like that before. There was power in that punch, more than a girl her size should have. Before he regained his senses, her foot collided with the side of his head. Eric staggered. The world went black and the last thing he heard was the door lock scraping open and Natalia saying, "And I was wrong about you."

CHAPTER NINE

Carina stood over him, hands on her h*ps when his eyes flicked open. The last person to hit him like that was Kreturus. When he opened his eyes and saw the owner, he rubbed his hands over his face. She was grinning ear to ear. "Your meal walked out of here about five minutes ago."

Eric sat up, shaking off his shock. "She walked out?" She hit him so hard his ears were still ringing. The side of his face felt like it had cracked open. Touching it softly, he winced. There was no blood, but it still throbbed. Eric stood and collected his things, looking around the room, not knowing what to think.

Carina nodded. The tassels from the belt of her robe were in her fingers. She was stroking the silky strands as she spoke, "Yup, she walked out of here like she owned the place. One of the girls asked her what happened. Her make-up was a mess and her hair, well, she looked horrid. And a paid girl is supposed to stay put. Sasha didn't answer, she just left. I sent my guards after her..." she glanced at Eric, trying to gauge his reaction. She wondered if the girl meant something to him. If she did, then Carina wanted her.

Who the hell is Sasha?he thought before realizing that she meant Nat. Damn, she'd hit him hard. Eric hissed at her, "She cost a f**king fortune, Carina. Patrons aren't supposed to get attacked..."

"You unchained her," she retorted dropping her tassel.

"You trained her to fight back."

Her hands were clenched into fists at her sides, "You were supposed to subdue her."

"You were supposed to screen your hires. What the f**k is she? I was under the impression that I was with a mortal." Rage flashed through Eric's eyes, the rims of his iris burning bright red. Carina saw it happen and swallowed hard. She was afraid of him. Good. He stepped nearer to her.

Carina stepped back, "She is mortal. She bleeds. She breaks. She breathes. She passed the tests we give to detect Valefar."

"Prove it." Eric's body was corded tight. His mind was reeling, trying to figure out what happened. That had to be more than a lucky shot. Valefar hadn't been able to clock him like that, which meant what? Eric's body was about to explode. He wanted to hit something, break someone. If Carina didn't prove what she was saying, he knew it would be her.

"I will. Follow me." She turned promptly, signaling for the guard to return Eric's belongings. He pocketed his things, pulled his shirt over his head, and slipped his feet back into his boots, before following Carina across the room. He wove his way between patrons and half nak*d women, until he walked into an office with Carina. The door slammed shut and he knew there were guards nearby.

Eric was ready for a fight. He snapped at her, "Well? What the hell is she?"

"Mortal. We test these things, Eric. She bleeds red. Her blood tastes normal." Carina fished in her desk and pulled out a file folder. The name SASHA was printed on the side. "Each girl takes a stage-name and is thoroughly checked. They cannot have living relatives in the city, and I place a spell on them so that no one will recognize them should the need arise. But you saw her, didn't you?" Eric nodded. "It doesn't work as well on Valefar. Here take it. Look. The girl seemed normal to me, but if she overpowered you..." She thrust the folder at him.

"She didn't overpower me... it just seemed to be a helluva lucky shot." Flicking through her folder, he saw pictures of Natalia wearing nothing. She was all smooth skin and dark hair with endless curves. His fingers pressed to the photograph as if he could touch her. The memory of her warm flesh in his hand stirred within him. Eric snarled, throwing the folder onto the desk, his eyes darting back and forth.

Carina laughed, "Well, she knocked you out and ran. Eric, there are limits here. Each night only so many girls can die to avoid suspicion. Since the Queen reigns and disapproves of my actions, I don't wish to anger her, but we still need to live, Eric. I'm sure you don't expect us to starve." He shook his head, agreeing with her to see where she was going with this. "Then we're on the same side. You may feed here, but when we don't share, there is a higher price. When you take a soul, it means the rest of us can't. I couldn't very well say that in the open."

Eric didn't respond. He didn't care what Carina did here. The people who visited the place were beyond repair anyway-at least he thought they were until Natalia showed up and screwed things up.

The woman looked up at him, her gaze narrowing. "I suppose you want reparations? And your money back?"

Eric glared at her. "Keep it. I expect to be back to get what I paid for." He leaned over the desk toward her, "And should you find her first, you will save her for me. Do you understand? No one else is to touch her. Chain her and call me. Now that you know what I am, I can effonate directly into her room. That is the only reparation I want. Are we agreed?"

Carina's dark brow rose on her face slightly when Eric said his demands. Arms folded over her chest, she nodded. "Done. No one screws-over my patrons, Eric. If you don't punish her, I will."

Eric grabbed the woman by the throat, his effonation already surging through him, "She'll go the way of Jocelyn, Carina. And so will you, if you touch her." He released her, just as her eyes pooled crimson, and he was gone.

CHAPTER TEN

Eric had to know what Natalia was, but he knew he had to find her first. Carina would do whatever she wanted when she located the girl. He could see it in her eyes. Either Natalia was an oddity or something that she could use to manipulate Eric. Fuck! Why did these people see that so quickly? He tried to hide his affection for the girl, but that's all it was-misplaced affection. She resembled someone he'd cared about. Someone he failed to protect. The never-ending nightmare played out, over and over again, in his mind. He wasn't stupid enough to think of trying to have a relationship with anyone ever again.

The golden Valefar moved through the dark streets, stalking his prey. Natalia was on foot, wearing next to nothing. How far could she get? Eric moved swiftly through the shadows tracking her, following her light sweet scent until he saw her. The robe had been stripped off her back and she was pinned to the ground. One man sat at her head, holding down her arms and laughing. It was a Valefar from the club. Eric recognized both of them. The other Valefar was trying to pry her legs apart with his hand, and shoving his knee higher and higher. Rage spilled into Eric.

The Valefar that pinned Natalia's head looked up and saw Eric's eyes glowing red in the darkness. "We've got company." The other man-the one of top of Natalia-stopped and turned, looking back at Eric.

"Get rid of him," was all he said. His hands pressed down on Natalia's forearms when the other man rose. It didn't occur to him why it took two men to hold her.

The first Valefar approached him saying, "This is our kill. She pissed off my boss. I have strict orders."

"To rape her and bring her in?" Eric sneered at him. His arms folded over his chest, his eyes burning like golden flames.

The guy shrugged, "One of the perks of the job. She said alive, not untouched. And we fully intend to touch her, so f**k off, before something happens that you won't like." The Valefar's eyes pooled crimson as he spoke. It was something that should have terrified a mortal, but Eric was no mortal.

As he reached for the Valefar, Celestial Silver blade in hand, Eric heard a scream from the place where Natalia lay. Moving quickly he rounded on the Valefar, slashing at him. The Valefar's eyes went wide when he saw Eric holding a blade that should have killed him. His left hand held a blackened knife, brimstone no doubt. Slowly, his other hand reached into his pocket. When he pulled his fist out, the Valefar open it and blew the black powder into Eric's face. Brimstone. When Eric didn't scream, the Valefar turned on his heel and ran. Out of the corner of his eye, Eric saw Natalia on her feet, bare legs flying, kicking the crap out of the other Valefar. He didn't want to leave the girl, but...

Eric chased the other Valefar, down the street, grabbing him by the neck. Tossing his body against a stone building, he could hear bone snap. The man groaned, but staggered to his feet, asking, "What the hell are you?" Eric had been mistaken for a Martis. How amusing. It must have been the silver.

Eric didn't answer him. Instead he threw his silver knife at the man's heart. It spun through the air like a star and sank into the Valefar's heart. The man fell to his knees, black blood oozing from his lips. The blood in his eyes turned inky, as he fell forward. The ground bubbled like dark tar, filling the air with the scent of sulfur as the dead Valefar was reclaimed by the ground.

Eric picked up the silver blade and turned back to see Natalia. He walked slowly toward her watching her fight. She threw her body, using her weight, her size, and her agility the way Eric taught her. Maybe she wasn't immortal. He doubted himself. Maybe she just held her own because he trained her so well. Eric's boots crushed the rubble beneath his feet. Natalia's leg came up and collided with the Valefar's head, sending him flying to the ground. When her icy blue eyes flashed toward Eric, he could see the fear in her eyes. She didn't know why the man wouldn't stay down. The bottoms of her bare feet were bright red, covered in blood. Crap. She was mortal. The terror in her eyes slammed into him.

Eric moved quickly toward her. "Go home. I'll finish this. You were never here, understand?"

Natalia was breathing hard, the red corset crushing her ribs and making it impossible to breath, never mind fight. But she had. She held the man off and could do well if there was only one. But there had been two. If Eric didn't come, oh God... trembling began to shake her body.

Eric repeated himself, his voice firm, "Go home. Now." Natalia knew Eric could handle this. He'd saved her from demons and he was saving her again. She nodded at him and turned to walk away.

The Valefar chose that moment to launch himself at her, but she was already out of reach. Natalia winced as she walked away, refusing to look back. She closed her eyes as she heard the inevitable scream that she knew would erupt behind her. Eric would kill the man. That ruthless part of him, the part that she didn't want to think about, would overcome him and he'd destroy the man who tried to hurt her. The voice rang out in a pain-filled scream just as she rounded the corner. Natalia stopped. She couldn't move. Ice filled her body, traveling up her veins, and making her break into a cold sweat. Suddenly she couldn't breathe and found herself dry-heaving onto a pile of rubble. Falling to her knees she couldn't hold her head up. Long dark hair fell over her shoulders.

What did this to her? She'd seen men die before, but she never reacted like this. Her body never betrayed her like this. Paralyzed with cascading emotions, she couldn't move. Weakness plagued her limbs, as her face rested against the sharp rubble beneath her cheek. As she heaved, she knew why. She felt it. Part of her was like them, part of her wanted to kill them because she could. In the room, she had stood over Eric's prone body. The chance was there. She could have killed him. She could have tormented him. Things could have been different. The savage nature of her bloodlust coursed through her body. She'd nearly done it, but at the last second she fled. There was no way to know for certain if Eric was the right man.

Her body trembled, rebelling against the darkness within her. She didn't want to be like him. She would not be cruel and destroy. Every fiber of her being was repulsed, she couldn't be like Eric. No. Tears slid down Natalia's face. She heard nothing except her own body protesting, until she felt Eric's hands lift her off the ground.

"You'll be all right," his voice was soft, as he cradled her in his arms. But she wasn't. The man she wanted to kill, to tear apart with her bare hands was holding her in his arms like a child, speaking softly in her ear. Oh god, what if I was wrong? What if Eric isn't the man she'd been searching for at all? The thought shook her. She leaned against his chest, feeling the beat of his heart and closed her eyes, trying to push every thought out of her mind.

Eric looked down at her and cursed. Her frantic heartbeat slowed as she rested her head against him. She should fear him. Terror should course through her veins, but it didn't. When he held her, he felt her pulse slow. He felt her fear ease. She trusted him and she shouldn't, but after he acted like this-he finally understood why the girl liked him. She waited for moments like this, moments when Eric acted beyond his own comprehension. Compassion overrode his anger, and doused his rage. The desire to protect her was too strong. As long as he was around, no one would harm her. She knew it. And now, so did he.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Natalia awoke on a massive bed. Sunlight was pouring into the dark room through a window above. Tiny patches of colored light filled the room. As the previous night came back to her, she sat up slowly. The red corset was nowhere to be seen, and she was wearing a black tee shirt that smelled like Eric. The red G-string bottoms were still in place. He must have changed her out of the corset, which she was grateful for. The metal boning dug into her ribs and bruised them while she wore it. Looking around the room she could see that she was inside a group of small buildings that had collapsed on each other. At the center was a stained glass window, probably from a church. That was where the colored light was coming from. The rose window was still standing, held up high above the rest of the mess left from the war.

Natalia didn't see Eric at first. It took a moment for her eyes to adjust. Or maybe she just didn't believe what she was seeing. Eric was sitting cross-legged on a stone, watching the dust dancing in the stream of colored light. He looked like a child, frozen, mesmerized by something so common and simple. His hair looked lighter, golden, in the light that crowned his head. His face seemed at peace, and lacked the hostility that was usually pinched between his brow. He stared unblinking, looking almost forlorn, as if he lost something he'd never find.

She cleared her throat, and said softly, "Eric?"

Flinching, he turned his face in her direction. Pushing himself off the stone, he walked toward her. His chest was bare, as were his feet. Dark jeans hugged his narrow hips. The way the sunlight sparkled on his hair, made her heart race. He was beautiful. Eric could feel the change in her pulse, but didn't realize what she was reacting to.

"How are you feeling?" He stopped in front of her, looking down at her sitting up in his bed.

Her blue eyes were weary, "As good as can be expected." Shame colored her face, and she lowered her gaze. Images from the brothel flooded into her mind. She wasn't sure why she was blushing, but for some reason, the idea of seeing Eric there made her squirm. That wasn't something that she intended on sharing. She hated that she had to go there, but she did. It was in her nature. It was something she needed to survive.

Natalia stared at the bed sheets. There was no trace that Eric had laid next to her and rested last night. The spot next to her was smooth. Pressing her fingers to the bed, she shifted her weight. Last night ended so poorly with her foot crashing into his skull, and after all of that he saved her. Again. Her stomach twisted. There was no way he was the man she was looking for. He couldn't be. Not after that. If he was the vindictive bastard that slaughtered her mother, he wouldn't have been so kind. It was that kindness that rattled her. True kindness was something that was rare, but Eric had it in him, and when it came out, she was afraid.

"Eric, about last night..." but he cut her off. Gazing up at him, she saw his amber gaze drift away from her face.

"Nothing happened between us last night." Folding his arms against his chest, he leaned back against a piece of rubble that had once been a mighty stone wall.

"Eric, I can't forget last night. I want to..." her voice trailed off. No, she had to spit it out, "But, I shouldn't have done that. I knew Carina would kill me and I-"

He nodded, his eyes piercing hers so hard that she gasped, "She will. If she gets her hands on you, you're dead. You don't screw over a person like Carina, and you did. The only reason you're alive right now... Ah fuck." He ran his hands through his hair, and turned away from her. He did it again. He saved her. He saved her from Carina. He saved her from the Valefar. What was wrong with him?

"The only reason I'm alive right now is because of you. I know. I get it. I can't survive on my own. I'm obviously too stupid to be alive." She sat on the bed, her lips falling lower and lower at the corners. Eric would give anything to know what she was thinking, why she was at Carina's in the first place, but she didn't say. And he wouldn't ask.

He turned back to her, "Either that or you have a death wish." It felt like he was punched in the stomach when she looked up. Her cold blue eyes struck him, but he didn't regret his words.

Lowering her lashes, she tried to hide her reasons, "I don't have a death wish."

"Then why are you constantly around people who can kill you? A few well-placed kicks won't save you." His voice was soft.

"It saved me from you."

His smile tightened, as did his voice, "I wouldn't brag about that, if I were you. You caught me off-guard. I didn't leave you alone to hand you over to Carina. I went to find her to..." he stopped speaking. Running his hands through his hair, he pushed off the wall and turned away. Why'd he tell her that?

"To, what?" she asked.

Eric glanced at her. Natalia's lips were parted. They were perfectly pink and completely confused. She looked so good sitting there in his shirt. He took a deep breath and decided to tell her. "To buy you. To spare you from her. I had no intention of handing you over to Carina."

Natalia's eyes narrowed. She gazed at him like she didn't know who he was. "But you said..."

"I know what I said. I know what I told you." His jaw tensed, like he was trying to keep himself from saying more.

"So, you lied," she asked, tilting her head. Her long dark hair hung over her shoulders. Her fingers were clutching the bed sheet, her knuckles turning white. "You wanted to make sure the only person who could hurt me was you."

"Fine," he walked over to her and shoved his hands in his pockets to keep from touching her. "I admit it. I don't want anyone else to hurt you, but I can't promise I won't-that I..." He closed his eyes, and when he reopened them, the intense look he gave her made her stomach flutter. "That's not the way I'm wired." She stared at him, her eyes impossibly blue.

Eric had a dark side. It was the one he thrust forth for the world to see. He hid this part of him. The soft part, the good part. It was as if he didn't want anyone to know he could feel. Her chest felt tight. Swallowing hard, she said, "Agreed. So now what?"

She conceded? He expected more of a fight from her, more pleas for him to see what she thought she saw, but Eric knew it was only vapors-mists of what he once was. There was no way to reclaim that man. This is what he was now. Nothing more. Eric looked at her, "I don't know." He shook his head and sat down next to her. "Avoid Carina. I'll check in on you from time to time. And if you ever knock me out again..." he turned to her, his eyes filled with heat, his arms tense like he'd hit her.

She looked away, unable to maintain the intensity of his gaze and nodded, "I panicked. Sorry."

He shook his head, taking her by the shoulders, forcing her to look at him. "You don't have the luxury to panic. You don't get do-overs, Nat. You're breakable. You're too small and too fragile. Don't go to places where you don't belong. It'll end your short life faster than you can blink." Something inside of him wanted to soften for her. He wanted to show her that unprotected, selfless part of him. He wanted her to know him and press his lips to hers. He groaned and released her, his fingers leaving red marks on her arms from gripping her too hard.

Surprising him again, she nodded. There was no tension in her body, like she was at ease with him there, so close to her.

Natalia's mind was at war. She loved it when he was like this. There was something soothing about it, about him. It was like the rest of her world could just melt away and be gone. It could be just her and Eric, if she'd stop chasing her past, trying to avenge a death that was eons ago. Leaning into him, she rested her head against his chest. Eric's heart beat steadily, with a calming rhythm that made her feel safe.

For once he didn't resist her, he didn't push her away or spew nasty words. Instead he wrapped his arms around her, feeling her warmth, enjoying the sensation of the rise and fall of her chest as she breathed. He inhaled deeply, closing his eyes, breathing her in like air. Part of him came alive around her, but it'd been so long that he didn't realize what it was. He pushed the thought away. Nothing would make him ruin this moment. Nothing he could say would end this, and take her from him.

They remained like that, in complete silence, both of them too afraid to move-afraid of shattering something they both wanted, but neither could admit to. Somewhere along the way, fondness changed and become something else-something more-something too frightening to admit.

Natalia breathed deeply, keeping her face on Eric's chest. She couldn't get the picture of him sitting on the stone out of her mind. Her face tilted to the side, looking up at him, "Eric," she said softly. "Why were you sitting there, looking at the light?" When he didn't answer she wondered if she should say anything, but she felt like it was a piece of the inner-workings of Eric's mind and she wanted to know. She continued, "That's a rose window, isn't it? From a church? This used to be a church, and you made it your home." She didn't understand. Eric thought he was evil, he thought he was beyond repair. She saw it in his eyes. Hell, he told her a million times, but things like this confused her. Why would someone who thought they were damned live in a church and stare at the colored glass with such awe?

Eric shifted uncomfortably, releasing her. He didn't want the moment to end, but that question reminded him that this was just a rouse. There was nothing that could happen here. There was no way he could love her. She'd pin-pointed something that made him squirm with regret. Eric lay back in the bed, folded his hands behind his head, and looked at the light. Ivy asked him that once, and he didn't answer.

His eyes traced the colored beams, watching the light with longing. Before he knew it, he was speaking, saying things he never thought he'd say, "It's the way it is. The light. It flows and never stops. It never changes, never ends-it can be beautiful and devastating." His voice faded, becoming softer and softer as he spoke. He seemed to forget Natalia was there until she moved. Her long dark hair fell in waves over her shoulders. The make-up that covered her perfect skin was washed away last night. He'd been careful not to wake her, but he couldn't stand to see her looking like that. She wasn't some slut to him... she was more. His stomach twisted as she looked at him, seeing things that were long gone. He was a ghost of who he was. Eric could feel his mind slipping away from him on a daily basis. Soon there would be nothing left but bloodlust and rage.

"Like you," her voice was soft, gentle. "Eric, there's so much more than that. I don't know why you can't see it." She sure as hell could. It was why she didn't kill him. It was the reason she doubted him. These rare occasions made her pause.

He laughed, but there was no joy in it. "Natalia, how can you say things like that? How can you pretend to see any good in me when I've done such..."

She cut him off, "I'm not pretending. It's there, hanging on by a thread."

His golden gaze turned toward her, "You don't know what you're looking at. What you're seeing. I'm the same man who killed two people last night. I'm the same man who was at the brothel to find another Jocelyn to slaughter and ease my pain. Natalia, there is no thread. It's gone. All of me... what I was, it's gone." His voice was soft, remorseful.

There was no arguing with him. She knew he wouldn't believe her. And she couldn't tell him what she was, that she knew he wasn't that far gone yet, but if he didn't change... The thought made her shudder. If he didn't change, this part of him would be lost-gone-as if it never existed. The darkness, the evil twisting inside of Eric would overpower what little good he had left. No, words wouldn't help him, not now. Swallowing hard, she felt her pulse racing higher and higher. Eric sensed the change in her, but thought it was because she believed him, not because she was contemplating something that warred within her mind. Without another thought she leaned down and gently brushed her lips against his. Eric's mouth was soft, his lips were smooth and perfect. She wanted to deepen the kiss and taste him, feel him, but she knew better. Her lips lingered for a moment, before she pulled away.

Eric didn't know what she was doing, and before he figured it out, her lips were on his. He froze, feeling a surge of emotions flood his body, emotions that were good and pure. It stunned him, making him freeze in place. His eyes remained on her face, watching her long lashes as she kissed him. It wasn't until she pulled away that she opened her eyes and gazed at him.

He began to sit up, but she held up her hand, "No. Eric, stay there. Stare at the light. It seems to be something you need." Leaning back on his elbows he watched her, surprised again. Her fingers plucked the front of the shirt she was wearing. She blushed slightly and looked down, "Is there somewhere I can change?" She knew Eric saw her nak*d, and for some reason it bothered her even though it shouldn't, not if she worked at a brothel, but her cheeks burned. She couldn't suppress it, couldn't hide it. When did things change? Was it last night? Or did it happen ages ago and she never noticed? Assuming he was her mother's assassin all this time, well, she thought that was the reason why she stayed. But maybe it wasn't. Maybe there was something more.

He nodded and told her where to find extra clothes. There was running water down the hall. She didn't ask how he did it, but Natalia knew he was the reason why there was running water and a shower in a pile of rubble. There was no one like Eric.

CHAPTER TWELVE

When Natalia dried off she found Eric perched on the stone again. This action confused her. It was times like this that made her hesitate. What if she was wrong about him? The only way she could know for sure was if she found that legendary book-the Book of Days. The angels said their eldest warrior created a book, but that it burned with him when he fell. From what Natalia had seen, stories like that held a thread of truth. She'd linked the pieces together and followed a trail that led directly to Eric, though she wasn't sure why. It didn't matter. The book was real and it would reveal everything, if she could get her hands on it. But he'd hidden the damn thing and it was going on three years and she couldn't find it. Hell, she'd never even seen it. Maybe he wasn't the man she thought he was. Maybe he was just some screwed up solider who defected during the war. He sure acted like it at times. Eric made her fear for her life, or at least he wanted her to. And it didn't matter how hard she tried to fear him, she couldn't. It wasn't like that with him and her. It never was.

Natalia crossed the room. A carpet surrounded the bed, but rubble littered the rest of the floor. It seemed to be the way Eric liked it. It was as if his bed was in the middle of a cave crafted by God himself. That's what she thought the window was to him, it was something that altered the light and made it good. The longing on his face made her stomach churn. Why would he want to be different? After all this time, what would change his mind?

Eric looked over at her and she offered a weak smile. Her wet hair was pulled into a knot and laying at the base of her neck. She wore another of Eric's shirts and a pair of shorts. They fit her and she wondered why he had them, but didn't ask. "Thanks."

"Any time," his voice was soft. Something was happening to him. She didn't think he could see it, but he wasn't the same as when he first met her. She needed to find that book.

Natalia waited half a beat, and asked, "Are you going back to Carina's?" She shouldn't have asked. She didn't want to know that about him, she didn't want to see it or hear about it, and yet, she asked. Eyes on the floor, she kept her gaze lowered when she felt his gaze land on the side of her face.

His voice was a whisper, "Do you want me to?"

What kind of question was that? She glanced up at him, her eyebrows in her hairline, "No, of course I don't want you to."

Eric smiled shyly. It was so unlike him, so soft. "And why's that?"

Natalia started swinging her legs, the floor of her stomach was falling away like she was kicked down an elevator shaft. "Why do you think?"

Eric placed his hands behind him, pulled his legs up, and leaned back, his taught muscles outlined by his dark shirt. "I don't pretend to think anything. I don't have the best luck when it comes to figuring out what you're thinking."

She breathed in deeply once, and glanced at him out of the corner of her eye, "Obviously." She laughed lightly, curling her toes, staring down at her bare feet. "I'd like it if you stayed with me today... if you don't need to sate something." There she said it. Why was that so hard? He didn't matter to her. He didn't.

Eric was gazing at the side of her face, his breathing relaxed. He trusted her. She could sense it. He laughed. It bubbled up from his stomach and joy burst through in his voice, "To sate something? Is that your weird way of asking if I'm horny? Or are you asking if you're safe?"

Natalia's brow pinched. She turned her head, looking over at him. "It's not a weird question. You didn't get what you went there for, which would make me think..." he cut her off.

"That I couldn't control myself and would go running back to Carina's and beg for another girl this morning?" He shook his head, golden hair falling in his eyes. Eric didn't like her question. It inferred so many things about him, none of which he wanted to hear. The corners of his mouth pulled into a crooked smile, "What you must think of me?"

That was the million dollar question-what did she think of him? Natalia didn't know anymore. At one time things were clear, but not now. What the hell was wrong with him?

Before she had time to think, she found herself speaking, answering a question that had no clear answer, "I think you're lost. That's what I think of you. That's what it is at your very core, but it's so much more than that, too." Eric's gaze locked with hers, his jaw tensing as she spoke. "You've lost more than you care to admit. And you've found ways to ease your pain, but they don't help for long. They make you think you can't be what you were, but that's not true is it?" His gold eyes narrowed as they flashed at her. Eric was breathing hard, his nostrils flaring, hating every word she said. She sensed it. A few more words would shatter him.

She bit her tongue, and changed directions, blindsiding him, "I'm not a virgin. I don't know what you think of me, but I'm not Little Miss Purity. I never was..."

Eric's expression faltered. The disgust he felt toward himself sank back into his belly. What was she talking about? He gripped the altar with his fingers, dragging his nails into the stone to keep himself still. "Nat, you don't have to tell me anything. I don't care why you were at Carina's or what you do, as long as it doesn't kill you." He watched her face, wondering what she was thinking, hoping she'd tell him even though his words said otherwise. Tension built between the two of them. Eric's heart raced in his chest, but he maintained the same placid expression as before. It seemed to infuriate her, and he had to admit that he liked that at times.

Natalia wanted to slap him. How could he act so cool and calm? He was playing with her, teasing her. He had to be. Part of her wished he'd cross the room and tell her why she was important to him-why he kept saving her. Tilting her head, she asked sweetly, "And will you keep protecting me? When I throw myself at some ass that wants to hurt me, and I want him to, what will you do?" Say it! Her mind was screaming, but Eric wouldn't budge.

"If that's what you want. Who am I to criticize what gets you off?" He flashed a crooked grin at her, although the thought of her being with someone else made his skin crawl. He leaned forward, sliding off the stone. "Last night's over. It's a new day. I'm not spending it here rehashing what happened. If you don't care that I have certain lusts-that I will not partake in with you-then why don't we go do something fun?" He held out his hand to her. Natalia looked at his pale palm. She wanted to take it. She wanted to go with him, even though her gut told her no.

Reaching out she took his hand, and nodded, "Let's go."

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Eric took her to the street where she waited for him. The sound of a rumbling engine rounded the corner and she grinned. Eric was straddling a motorcycle. He navigated the bike through the rubble and stopped in front of her. "Get on," he said. Natalia realized she'd have to touch him and hold on tight. She liked bikes, but Eric made her heart hurt. Ignoring the sensations, she grabbed his waist and flung her leg over the back of the bike.

"Where are we going?" she asked, tying her hair back so it wouldn't blind her as they rode.

"Beach."

She stopped, dropping her hands from her hair. "I don't have a swimming suit."

A mischievous grin spread across Eric's face, "I know." With that he revved the engine, and Natalia pressed herself tightly to his back. He handed her a pair of sunglasses and the two of them rode out of the city. The further they got from Rome, the less decimated the landscape became. Eric navigated the bike slowly at first, careful not to send them flying if he hit a hole, but once they were outside the city walls, he punched it and they flew.

After the war, people realized that their only hope of survival was to band together. Very few families still resided outside cities, in the unprotected countryside. Natalia turned her face and pressed her cheek to Eric's back, watching the abandoned landscape as it flew by. Part of her was elated. The other part was terrified.

Eric could feel the pulsing fear moving through her body as Natalia held onto him harder. Out of all the things that frightened the girl-a motorcycle-really? But she was spooked, he could feel her heart pounding inside of her little body. Part of him hoped it was the swimming nak*d comment, but he thought there was more to her than that. She didn't even blush when he said it, which made him think she'd done it before. Natalia said she wasn't a virgin, and he believed her-and he didn't care. Eric kept telling himself that, but he couldn't deny the way he felt when he was with her. The thought worried him, but it was too late now. The curse would destroy her if he didn't end things first. This was his small indulgence before forcing Ivy's hand. He'd enjoy his time with Natalia. He'd let her see what he was, who he was, and if she didn't run screaming-the thought made something stir deep inside of him. Gripping the handlebars harder, he accelerated again allowing the wind to blow away his thoughts.

Natalia felt the tension in Eric's back. When she pressed her face against his shoulders, she breathed him in. His body protected her from the wind and bugs. As she leaned against his back, she could feel the curves of his hard muscles and wondered why he was so tense. She locked her fingers around his waist and relaxed as they drove, but Eric seemed tightly strung the entire time. There was no way to know what was going on in his head, though she wanted to.

As they came up on the coast, there was a stretch of white sand and blue water that went on for miles. Natalia loved the beach. She loved the sound of the waves beating the sand, and the scent of the sea. When Eric stopped the bike, she practically jumped off. Her hair was windblown so badly that it looked like someone stuck her head in a dryer. Eric laughed.

Natalia punched him in the stomach lightly, and then promptly smoothed her wild pony tail with a wicked smile on her lips. "Your hair looks kind of nuts too, but you don't see me laughing."

He looked at her from over the top of his sunglasses as they walked toward the water, "But, you're laughing on the inside. And that totally counts." The pain that normally filled Eric's chest was replaced with something else, something warm. He couldn't stop smiling, and he knew why. It was Natalia. There was something about her, something that made him wish things didn't have to end. After all this time, maybe he found someone, but it didn't matter. She was too late. Soon he would be gone, without a trace. Natalia would go looking for him one day, but he will have vanished without a trace. Eric pressed his palms into his pockets, watching the girl as she ran in front of him.

Natalia tore ahead, running for the waves. She didn't stop when she reached them, like Eric expected her to. The girl ran straight into the water and started splashing like she was a Labrador. Eric sat on a sand dune a few feet away. The way she moved made him pause. It was like she was trying to contain herself. The girl was larger than life, just brimming with vibrancy. And Eric would f**k it all up and end her life sooner than she knew if he didn't go through with his plans. The passion that burned in her eyes would be snuffed out. His eyes tracked her as she ran down the beach and back again. She'd tied off the tee shirt under the curve of her br**sts, showing off her narrow waist. Her dark shorts were rolled up as high as she could get them. Long dark hair fell over her shoulders as she laughed.

Natalia turned toward Eric, noticing that he was watching her even though his eyes were hidden behind dark glasses. Her skin prickled like it always did when he looked at her. Moving slowly toward him, she came out of the surf. She pulled off her glasses asking, "We rode all this way and you aren't going in?" He shook his head. What the hell? She frowned, "Why not?"

Eric shrugged, "We came here for you, not me."

Natalia sashayed toward him, her gaze melting Eric's. He could see her eyes through her dark glasses. Shadows did not hide things from him. It was part of the demon blood that flowed through his body. She knelt in front of him, the sand clinging to her wet skin, "Why on earth would you do something like that?"

Smiling he said, "To make up for last night, and the night before. Things have felt-tense." He paused, his lips parted like he was going to say more, but he hesitated. Eric considered what he should say. He could tell that Natalia wanted him to go with her, but he couldn't. It would make it harder for him to stick to his plans, and things had already gone too far to back out now. His days were numbered. Natalia's were not. Not so long as he went through with it. Eric slid his tongue over his lips, and turned his face into the breeze. The wind whipped his hair, making it messier. "I just wanted to see you happy for a change."

Her pink lips pulled into a sexy little smile. "I like it, you know."

He didn't follow. "Like what?" If he couldn't see her eyes, he would have thought she was talking about the beach, but he could. Her pupils were far too dark for that, and her voice lost the levity that went with lighter banter. And the quirk of her lips, the expression that made him want to reach out and take hold of her and feel her in his arms-it was plastered across her face. He wondered if she knew what that did to him, how it made him want her.

Her finger brushed his leg, trailing down to his ankle, "Things to be rough." It was why she was at Carina's, well partly why she was at Carina's. The look on Eric's face told her that he was interested and she was so tired of ignoring the sensations that shot through her body when he looked at her. She was ready to admit that she screwed up-that Eric wasn't the murderer she was looking for. And this, this felt natural, like they should be together. She only meant to tease him, to lean in close to his face and taste his lips. A kiss. She wondered if his lips were warm and smooth. They looked perfect. Natalia leaned forward, slowly, her gaze locked on his mouth.

Eric watched Natalia as she spoke, underestimating the girl. He always thought that at some point, she would fear him-that she'd recognize what he was truly capable of and her feelings toward him would die like a flame doused with water. But she didn't see it, she didn't see him.

Before her lips touched his, he grabbed her wrist, stopping her. Pressing his lips together hard, he breathed, "It's not going to happen. It's beyond that with me. Don't ask again." There was a warning tone in his voice. Natalia pulled her wrist away, noticing that he averted his gaze.

Her heart plummeted. The way he spoke, the tone of his voice, said that he wanted her as much as she wanted him-but he resisted. Her mind pulled at random facts, trying to understand: Eric was at Carina's. He killed Jocelyn. Gruesomely. But she couldn't see how. It didn't make sense. The Eric sitting in front of her seemed soft. She knew he cared about her, he had to.

Natalia arched a dark brow at him from behind her glasses, glad that her eyes were hidden so he couldn't see the choked expression. "So you're just going to watch me swim?" She asked it like she didn't believe him. Eric nodded. Her lips pulled into a smirk. Fine. If he wanted to pretend that he didn't want her, then she would just make him as uncomfortable as possible for the rest of the day. She reached for the knot on her shirt and untied it.

Drawing the shirt over her head, she pulled it off and tossed it at him. "Good. You can hold my stuff." Eric's eyes lifted to the two swells of soft skin above her narrow waist. Natalia stretched, her br**sts thrusting forward as she tied back her hair again. Out of the corner of her eyes, she could see Eric watching her. After her hair was secured, she kicked off her shorts. A beautiful, nude Natalia turned from Eric and walked back toward the surf, slowly swaying her h*ps as she went.

The breath caught in Eric's throat as he watched her walk away. His body had grown hard watching her. He didn't get what he needed last night, but there was no way he'd chance hurting her. But her body. Holy Hell, she was hot. The way those curvy h*ps melted into her sexy legs made it so that he couldn't look away.

Natalia grinned all the way to the water. She didn't expect him to remain on the sand, but he did. Tormenting him was fun for her. She knew he wanted her, and maybe this was a little much for payback over a kiss, but this was Eric. Doing things in moderation with him failed to catch his attention. And this, baring all, caught his attention. Not once did Eric take his eyes off of her. She could feel his gaze like hot coals raking over her bare skin. Natalia moved in and out of the sea all day, talking to Eric and acting like she was completely clothed, like his eyes on her didn't faze her. Natalia hid her racing heart when Eric reached past her for his bag, brushing ever so lightly against her leg. For a second, she thought he finally caved, but he hadn't. It was only food that Eric had brought for lunch. She leaned back on the beach and felt the sun on her skin. Between the sensation of sand on her body, listening to the waves, and tormenting Eric, Natalia was in a wonderful mood by the time they left.

As she pulled on her shorts, she sincerely said, "Thanks for all this. Your little seduction scene was well-played."

Eric looked confused, his smile faltered as he watched her. As he stood up, he asked, "Why does everything have to be a game with you?" When he took off his glasses, and gazed at her, his golden eyes narrowed. His eyes slid over her br**sts and landed on her face.

She was holding her shirt in her hands, the pit of her stomach twisting as he spoke to her. "Because it's a game to you," she answered flatly. Natalia stood completely still. The warm breeze lifted her hair, blowing it gently.

His eyes remained locked on hers. They didn't drift below her neck to her curves. There was an intensity in his gaze that worried her. "It's not a game," he breathed.

"Then what is it?" her heart was racing. Why did it matter? She shouldn't care about what he said. His eyes were golden, like the sun, burning-consuming her. Eric was fire and light, beautiful and devastating. She couldn't look away. She couldn't move.

Eric's eyes slid over her face, admiring the smoothness of her skin without touching her. Her pink lips remained parted, watching him, waiting. She didn't breathe until he spoke.

Eric lifted his hand, and in that moment every ounce of her body wanted him to touch her, but he took a strand of her blowing hair instead. Lifting it to his mouth, he kissed the strand and breathed her in. When he inhaled, his chest swelled and brushed against her chilled body. Natalia's stomach caved in, crashing into her toes. It felt like someone stole her ability to breathe.

His voice was soft as he released the strand of her hair. He loved her scent. "It's me and you. It's the way things have always been. It's never been a game to me, Natalia. There's too much to lose when people play games."

He stepped away from her and the air rushed back into her lungs in a surge. Eric turned away and was walking back toward the motorcycle. Natalia watched his broad shoulders, the way his shirt slid across his toned muscles beneath. He didn't touch her. He said he wouldn't. She pulled her shirt over her head and followed him to the bike, not knowing what to think.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

The next few days passed oddly slow. Eric hadn't seen Natalia since he took her to the beach. He deposited her at her house and went to orchestrate the rest of his plans. The look in her eyes worried him when he left. She agreed to stay hidden, out of sight of Carina's men, but it was the same look Ivy had given him a million times. He doubted she stayed inside more than ten minutes after he left. That girl had a death wish, and Carina would be happy to grant it.

Eric's plans came along slowly. It was almost painful. There were so many facets and it appeared that someone was moving against him. If he didn't act quickly enough, he would lose what he worked so hard to achieve. He managed to avoid Valefar, though he knew they were looking for him. A spell here and an incantation there blocked the minds of the people who saw him, making it like he didn't exist.

The closest anyone had come to capturing him was Mandor, and Eric wasn't sure how Mandor located him. Maybe Ivy could sense his whereabouts, but being locked in the Underworld prevented her from appearing herself. And the Accords between the angels and the demons about when it was permissible for the Queen to extract one of her kind, well, the angels would prefer killing the disturbance rather than drawing attention. His final act would cross the line though, and he knew without a doubt, that Ivy would be within her rights to extract Eric. In the meantime, she would have Valefar searching for him, but he was always two steps ahead.

The only variable was Natalia. He hoped that they didn't realize how he felt about her. He couldn't turn himself in yet. There was more to do, an act that would be unforgivable. It would warrant his death. Without that act, he knew what would happen.

It was too late for Natalia, already. He could feel it. That girl was attached to him, and he didn't think her perversions-if she even had them-would make her exempt from the curse. She'd die. It was that simple. This was the only way to prevent it. Eric told himself, coldly over and over that she'd just have to deal with it, like his death wouldn't matter to her, that she could deal with losing him the same way she dealt with everything else. But Natalia wasn't that cold. His disappearance would hurt her. She'd mourn him. They'd grown too close, been together too long. It was his own damn fault. He should have left her to the demons, but... there was something about her.

He'd seen hundreds of people slaughtered when the gates of Hell open. Those months, he kept telling himself that one life didn't matter-it was the twisted Martis way of thinking-and it made him look at the big picture and what would be lost. One life didn't matter in the grand scheme of things. He'd almost walked past Natalia. He'd almost left her behind. The Martis had groomed him better than he realized. Thinking about it now made his skin crawl.

Eric stood in front of the gates, looking up at the mansion beyond. A woman sat leaning against the metal, weeping, with a lifeless child in her arms. Normally, he would have said nothing. People were starving everywhere, dying en masse. The war was devastating. Life didn't resume when the demons left-it got harder. Crops failed, worldwide famine, the likes he'd never seen before, made food scarce. Governments collapsed and war prevailed. It was only in the recent months that things had quieted down, that the people grew too weary to fight any longer. They'd accepted the state of things, knowing their lives would be so much harder, and so much shorter. Unlike when Eric was a boy, the people that walked by him on the street didn't know how to do anything. They'd had corporate jobs and sat in offices. The idea of tilling soil and growing food was for peasants in third world countries. Now, those skills were all that separated survival from starvation. That and power.

The wealthy kept their money, and retained their power. They commanded everything, using their influence to better themselves. Meanwhile the poor starved to death or died from illnesses that could have been treated. Medicines were stockpiled, stored, and sold at an astronomical price. The man beyond the gates controlled much of the medicines in this hemisphere, and it did not escape Eric's notice, despite his attempts to hide behind gates.

The woman brushed back the child's hair, as she looked down at the lifeless little body in her lap. Eric asked, "How long have you waited here?"

She didn't answer at first. When she turned her head, she gasped, as if she saw a ghost. Eric's eyes darted side to side, trying to decipher what she was seeing. "Please, angel, give me my baby back."

Eric smiled sadly. At one time, he heard those words. At one time, he was an angel, but not anymore. She must have sensed it in him. Those who mourn can see things others can't. His voice was soft, compassionate, "I can't bring him back, I wish I could." She lowered her eyes and nodded, tears streaming down her cheeks. He hated this. He shouldn't have spoken to her. Calling him an angel only made it worse.

The woman looked ahead, a vacant expression on her face. Finally she spoke, "Three weeks. We sat at the gates for three weeks and he ignored us. I only needed a little medicine. Everything would have been fine, but he didn't send help. He didn't do anything. The others left. They wept when their loved ones died. They mourned, but I would not leave. I couldn't give up, and now it is too late." Her voice hitched and cracked as she spoke.

Eric's gaze burned holes into the house. There was part of him that was eased by her suffering, but it paled in comparison to the anger that her words incited. This was wrong, and he would stop it. Eric walked away from the house, knowing he had to plan this perfectly or there would be unwanted complications. This was not supposed to be the next mark, but it was now.

He deserved it.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

The rest of the day passed without incident. Eric evaded the Valefar that were scouring the city looking for him. He'd caught a glimpse of Mandor just as his effonation took hold, leaving the dark Valefar with a grimace on his face. Damn, he was getting close. It wouldn't be much longer now. His final strike would force Ivy's hand. She'd extract him with a vengeance that made him feel sick inside. The thought of doing that to her was deplorable, but there were no other options. No demon, no king of the Underworld, had ever had as much power as Ivy. There had never been someone so powerful before and he knew exactly how to play her. His stomach twisted just thinking about it. He cared for her. He loved her once. Maybe he still did. Maybe that was the only thing keeping his infatuation with Natalia at bay. But it didn't matter anymore. Not after this. Ivy would think that he was the most evil person alive. Her pact with the angels would force his death, at the hand of his best friend. He swallowed hard, trying not to dwell on things he couldn't change. This was the only way. Ivy was a means to an ends. And it was an ending that would be better for everyone. Even Eric.

Dusk was falling. The sky was streaked with brilliant oranges and reds. Eric stopped in front of a massive pile of rubble. This marked the entrance to Natalia's house. It was once a grand mansion of pale stone and dark wood. The owner spared no expense on creating their home, which drew attention to it during the war. The front of the house had exploded, crushing the rock, splintering the wood, and twisting the black iron, before caving in on itself. The back of the home, the east and west wings-all of it-caved in leaving no entrances to the once grand villa. But Eric knew that the center of the home still stood under the rubble, and he had cleared a path to it. He walked through it now, feeling like a miner walking into the belly of the earth. Eric checked the support beams as he walked through. After being away so long, he assumed they would have caved in, but the stone and wood pillars he put in place still held firm.

Though he made this place for Natalia, he didn't visit her here. It felt too intimate and opened the doors to too many questions that he didn't want to consider. But he stood there now feeling his pulse pounding in his chest. The last time he was here, this place wasn't her home. Now there would be things that made this place hers. He wondered what they would be, what it would look like, and most of all-he hoped it had her scent. Closing his eyes, he imagined the light sweet scent that was Natalia's and hers alone.

Eric stood before the front door, which he relocated to the end of the mineshaft, hoping that Natalia wasn't home. She promised that she'd remain inside, but he was sure she broke that promise as soon as he walked away. There were people that you could tell what to do and they listened-Natalia wasn't one of them. It'd be easier to get inside if she was out. Eric placed his hand on the door and pushed. It wouldn't open. Damn it. She was inside and barred the massive door.

Eric hesitated, running his hands through his hair. He didn't know what Natalia thought of him, and he didn't want to, but he intentionally hid that he wasn't mortal. When she was around, he contained his power. He didn't effonate and disappear in front of her. He didn't call shadows to manipulate things the way he wanted. And he rarely let her see the full extent of the darkness within him. The only way to manage his pain was deplorable, but now she knew. She'd seem him at Carina's, and if she hadn't said his name to break Carina's enchantment... He shuddered to think what he might have done it to her.

Eric had fallen farther than he thought possible. Using Satan's Stone may have saved everyone else, but it damned him in a way that was utterly inescapable. But he had finally found a way. After all this time, he'd be free. The pain was changing again. He could feel it snaking through him and unraveling his mind. Though he battled it, Eric could feel himself becoming something more dark and twisted than he already was. It didn't matter how he fought against it, he was becoming something more. Something worse. Staring at the light, meditating, thinking of who he was, who he is, and what he will be had always kept him grounded-at least a little bit. But now, that was over.

He could feel the darkness within him slowly creeping through his veins, threatening to overtake him. And then what? He swallowed hard. If he was still alive when that happened, he knew what he'd do. He knew what he wanted, and he'd stop at nothing to take it. The thought sent a chill down his spine. The surge of thoughts emerged from the back of his mind in a flash. It was more like a series of foreboding images and emotions, rather than specific thoughts. Pressing his eyes shut, he forced them back.

Pausing, Eric breathed hard and pressed his hand to his temple. Picturing the rose window and the way the light passed through it, he took a breath. At the heart of every source of light was the power to destroy-the power to burn. He could feel that power flowing through him like a river, silent and deadly. Focusing on the light, the window, he pushed it back. There was only one thing that gave him hope anymore, and that was it-the patches of colored glass.

Drawing a deep breath, Eric looked up at the massive door, and placed his hand on the wood once more. He wouldn't knock. He wouldn't hide. Not anymore. Besides, what were the odds that Natalia was on the other side right at that moment? As the dark magic pulled him through, Eric felt thousands of splinters piercing his skin. There was no air, only steel and endless amounts of wood. Focusing harder, he kept pushing. Eric emerged on the other side of the door as if he were a ghost passing through a wall. Sucking in a gasp of air, he stopped, shocked to see that he nearly walked into the girl.

Natalia was standing in front of him, her expression blank. Her eyes didn't blink. Her lips didn't move. She just stared at him, holding a dish in her hands. It slipped and shattered on the marble floor. The broken pieces skittered across the tile, but the girl didn't move. Dark hair hung over her shoulders, as she stared, standing in front of him barefoot. Gas lamps flickered softly around the perimeter of the room, casting a golden glow on Natalia. She gaped at him in the amber light.

Eric didn't move, he barely breathed. He'd done that hundreds of times over the years. There had been some close calls, but no one was ever standing so close when he emerged. His throat clenched tightly. Eric's mind spun, trying to come up with an explanation that didn't sound insane, but not finding one. People didn't walk through doors. It wasn't a trick of the light.

Her voice was steady, unafraid, "Well, that explains a lot." And it did. It explained everything. He wasn't mortal. He wasn't some deranged person. He must have been a Valefar, one of those soul-sucking things that Carina made. What did that mean? Her stomach twisted. If he was a Valefar, it cleared him. It meant that Eric didn't slaughter her mother. He blinked at her, not responding. Natalia's voice was soft but firm, "What are you?"

Eric's eyes locked with Natalia's. He could tell her. The words were on the tip of his tongue, burning his mouth, dying to be spoken. This was his chance to tell her why he was the way he was. This was the moment. Now. Eric's stomach filled with icy dread. He couldn't do this to her. There was no answer that she'd understand. There was no response that wouldn't send her screaming into the night. Hell, he couldn't even promise that he wouldn't hurt her. There were no promises that he could make, no assurances that his evil nature wouldn't harm her. Hope fizzled as fast as it came. Before he passed through the door, it seemed like a good idea. He assumed he could ease her into it, but she'd been standing there. Shit.

Jaw tense, Eric answered, "Nothing that concerns you, Natalia." The two stood motionless, neither of them talking. They just watched one another.

Finally, she rolled her eyes, "Of course not. Nothing you do ever concerns me." Her pink lips pressed together in a thin line, while a million thoughts played out in her eyes.

"It's better that you don't know," he replied. The steady drumming of his heart rang in his ears.

Natalia's eyes locked with his, a slow rage building behind them. "You seriously expect me to let this go?" She folded her arms tightly over the swells of her chest, locking them in place. She was beyond mad. All this time Eric had been so careful. One moment of insanity, one moment of weakness... God, he wanted to tell her.

Natalia glared at him, her arms starting to shake. Why couldn't he just say it? It would make her task so much easier. Instead he just stood there like a moron who didn't think she'd notice a boy walking through a wooden door. Growling at him, she said, "You better tell me something. I know nothing about you..."

He cut her off, "There's nothing to tell." The gold in his eyes almost seemed liquid. The muscles in his shoulders were corded tight. Eric bent his fingers once to release the tension growing in his arms.

Natalia saw the movement. She saw everything. "Bullshit!" she yelled, moving closer to his face. Anger pierced her words, "I know more about Carina than I do about you, and that bitch tried to kill me! More than once. That's right, I was there at her little bordello way before you noticed." Eric's eyes narrowed. She could see what she was doing to him, pushing all the right buttons, but he didn't speak. He didn't cut her off again. She ranted, "You act like I mean something to you, and then you act like I don't matter at all! You're here one day and gone the next, never saying where you are or when you'll be back." She shook her head, her long hair swaying as she moved, "I didn't think you were coming back this time."

Eric slid his hands into his pockets while she chewed him out. "Why'd you think that? The entire time I've known you, I've never left you alone for more than a few weeks. You really think I would just up and leave?" The lie felt bitter in his mouth, but he spit it out. She had to believe him. Eric stepped towards her, pressing his face closer to hers without touching her. "You think you mean nothing to me? I'm your friend Natalia."

She scoffed, "I'm not stupid enough to believe that, Eric. A friend wouldn't do the shit you're doing, and I'd know stuff about you." Her nerves were totally shot. Finally, she'd written him off as her target and then he goes and does something like this. She wanted to scream, and was having difficulty hiding her anger from Eric.

"Like what?" his voice rose a little. What did she want from him? Eric didn't understand why she was so mad. If anything she should have been frightened, but she wasn't. Anger was definitely the vibe he was getting from her. Now she was saying she didn't know him. Of course she didn't know him, and until now she never pressed. This was a turning point. He could feel it and he didn't want to lose her. But what to say? Natalia didn't want to know about his past. Hell, he didn't want to know about his past. And he wasn't about to share it with her in the name of friendship. It would do more damage than good, and it wouldn't help her understand him any better. He remained aloof, waiting for her response.

She shifted back, tilting her head to the side, "God Eric! I don't know anything!"

"You know enough," he replied.

Her hands shot out to her sides, her hands balled into fists, "Yeah? I know enough, do I? Let's count off the things I actually know about you... Oh wait! I can't!" She stepped towards him, yelling in his face. "Because there's nothing outside of your dark moods that gives me a f**king clue as to who you are."

"You know me, Natalia-"

The fury that was building inside of her vented and her shoulders deflated. Natalia shook her head sadly, her voice cracked as she spoke, "I don't even know your last name." Her eyes were wide, brilliant blue orbs, pleading with him. She had to know who he was. It felt like her chest ripped in two when he walked through the door, not because he was obviously an immortal, but because he could still be the one-the assassin who she'd been hunting all these years-and she didn't want him to be. Not Eric. Not after all of this, after everything they'd been through.

She hung her head, her voice faint, "Let's face it... I don't know you. I'll never know you. I have no idea where you're from, where you go when you're not here, what your favorite color is," she shrugged, "you know, pretty basic friend kind of stuff." Pushing her hair out of her face she looked up at him. It felt like her heart turned to rotten cheese and dropped into her stomach in one large lump. She felt like she was going to be sick.

Natalia continued, "This isn't rocket science, Eric. It's not supposed to be hard... " She looked into his golden eyes, unable to continue spewing things at him, unable to convince him anything. This was Eric, after all. He did what he wanted. The tension in his face, the way his eyes glinted spoke volumes. She sighed, closing her eyes hard, pressing her fingers to her temples.

Natalia had to push him away. If Eric was her mark, she couldn't feel like this. Her emotions were drowning out her logic. A lifetime of revenge couldn't be forgiven this easily, and she couldn't deal with it. "I can't do this anymore. I can't wonder what's going through your head. I can't wonder who you are, and I don't want to." Regret forced her spine straight, and before she knew what she was saying, she added, "Not unless you give me something. Boy-with-no-last-name. Guy-who-walks-through-walls." Smiling sadly, she knew he wouldn't answer. This was the end. This was good-bye.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Eric knew he should turn around and leave, but he didn't want to. There was something about her that made him want to stay. Maybe it was Natalia. She was more than a friend and the thought of her walking away made him sick. A normal girl would have run away screaming that he was a demon for walking through a door, but Natalia looked at him the same as always, and those cold blue eyes were demanding an answer.

Eric took a deep breath and looked away. Running his hands through his hair he glanced back at her. There was no way to explain this. There was no way to give her what she wanted. It didn't matter how much he wanted to tell her, he couldn't. "No one knows my last name. It has to stay that way." She bristled, but he continued, "I could have lied to you. I could have said something else, some random name, but I don't want to do that, Nat. Don't force me out of your life. Not yet. I don't want to leave you."

Her voice was shaking, anger and tension were colliding within her. Why? After all these years of being alone, no one had ever turned her head the way Eric did. Her heart was pounding in her chest like she was breaking up with her first boyfriend even though she didn't want to. Eric was so infuriating. He wouldn't tell her, and without that info she didn't know if she could let him get closer. She'd tried so hard to be better than the monster that killed her mother. She didn't want to pretend with him anymore. Getting close to him, tasting his kiss and then turning around and killing him-the thought made her throat tighten. She couldn't breathe. It took every ounce of restraint she had to not kick him. If her foot wasn't screaming with pain, she would have. Natalia was determined to keep that piece of information to herself.

She pleaded, "Then tell me something. Make the damn gesture, Eric."

Surprised, he stepped back and blinked at her, but said nothing. Her blue eyes were narrowing and growing colder by the minute. "Fine," she said after too much time passed. "Get out." A tapered finger pointed toward the door, telling him to leave.

Eric glanced away from her. He didn't know what to do with her. She was hurt. Angry. Her fury seemed to bubble to the surface again. She cocked her hip to the side, threw all of her weight on one leg, and arms folded over her chest. She was throwing him out. "Fine. If that's the way you want it, I'll leave. I just need to grab something I left here first."

"Fine." She turned her back on him, and walked away. Eric watched the sway of her hips, the long hair moving as she walked. Thoughts of her laughing, smiling at him with the sun shining in her hair flooded his mind. His eyes slid down her frame slowly, almost admiring her. Something within his chest tightened when she spoke. The coldness that he had forced on her so often was returned to him tenfold.

Natalia felt trapped. As she turned away from him, she tried to hide the bad ankle, but Eric was watching her. He would notice that she broke her promise and didn't stay inside. Barely avoiding Carina's guards this morning, she managed to get home before Eric walked through the door. She'd followed Eric for a while, and saw at him the gates of a white mansion speaking to a lady covered in grime. Eric would be pissed when he found out she was out, and dually pissed when he realized she was trailing him. As she stepped, her ankle felt like it was going to explode. The altercation with Carina's men was short, but she thought the bone broke. There was no medical help, no one to ask, except the boy standing in front of her. And he would turn into a seething lunatic when he noticed. She didn't know what she wanted from him anymore. He was her friend one moment and more than that the next. She couldn't do this anymore. If he'd said anything, she would have thrown her arms around his neck. The memory of his scent lingered in her mind. She chased the thoughts away. Things like that did her no good.

"I'll just grab it and go," he said, with a strange tone to his voice, still standing by the door.

Was he asking her? That did it. She couldn't take it anymore. Maybe it was a mad rush of PMS, maybe it was that Eric was always crazy-saying the wrong things, doing things the wrong way-she didn't care anymore. Rage rushed through her like a flowing fire.

Natalia turned toward him, "Go to Hell, Eric! Take what you wanted and leave. I'm not playing your mind games anymore." She turned away from him, angry. Hurt. That quick movement, the rapid turn of her body shot stabbing pain up through her leg. Natalia winced, her face pinching together as she tried not to make a sound, continuing to walk like nothing was wrong.

Eric watched her, feeling it, sensing the agony that coursed through her body with each step. He smiled at her back, softly shaking his head. Every time her foot hit the floor, he felt released-free. Without a word, he crossed the room in two long strides and swept her up into his arms. She gasped as his arms slid under her h*ps and around her waist. Eric brought her up to his face, cradling her in his arms, growling, "I told you before-I'm not playing games. And you, you liar! You snuck out. What did I tell you?" Eric wasn't angry, he was actually being sweet, but it just infuriated Natalia even more.

"You're not the boss of me! Put me down. Now." She growled, trying to get out of his arms.

Eric erupted into laughter, "You're not the boss of me?" he mimicked. "What are you, five? And for the moment, yes, I am the boss of you. You broke your damn foot. Did Carina's guys find you and do this? Or did you go looking for them?" She blanched. Eric hit closer to home than he realized, but he was distracted, feeling the weight of her body in his arms, the curve of her hip against his stomach. The smile remained on Eric's lips, but he didn't release her. He walked through the shambles of the home.

"Where's a couch or a bed?" he asked, ducking in and out of a few rooms. The girl had moved things around. He needed some place to lay her down to mend her ankle. Natalia spewed more nasty words at him, threatening to do some things that Eric found appealing.

"Ah, here," he said after kicking open a door with his boot. "This is your room, then?" He stopped when he entered, surprised.

Not much made Eric pause, but this-this made him shiver.

The room was breathtaking, draped in darkness with linens so thick that they choked out all light. The walls were painted with images of the night he found her. All the pictures were dark, tumultuous. He walked her to the bed and stopped, turning slowly to see the walls. Every spare scrap of space had another image, demon scales, the Omen's wings, inky talons. It was as if every piece of darkness from that night was right in front of him. And he could feel it, sense it, all the things Natalia felt-raw fear mixed with something else. Something that made his pulse quicken.

When he looked down at the girl in his arms, she didn't meet his gaze. Instead her lashes were lowered, concealing her eyes. "You weren't supposed to come here." Her heart beat harder in her chest. He placed her gently on the bed, and looked up to see half of his face, portrayed as night-amber eyes filled with blood staring back at him. Instinctively, he moved toward it. The image of him was half covered with a dark piece of velvet that hung from floor to ceiling.

"Eric, don't. Leave it."

But he didn't stop. He couldn't stop. When his fingers took the piece of soft fabric, and lifted it, he was shocked. There was nothing that could have prepared him for what he saw. Eric stared blankly at the wall, at his portrait.

"It's not what you think," she said quietly. Oh God. Her stomach twisted inside of her. No one had ever seen this part of her. She hid it, concealing it in the one place she knew it would never be seen, but Eric was seeing it.

Eric dropped the drape and turned back to her. His eyes met hers, his lips parted. He couldn't hide the shock on his face. No one ever made him feel like this. No one saw what this girl saw. "When did you paint this?" he asked, his voice light.

Natalia turned away. She felt compelled to answer, her anger melted away. "I don't know. Years ago. When we first met." Eric looked at the painting, the half that was uncovered next to her bed. The girl had surrounded herself with nightmares, only the darkest images from the night she was attacked. They stared at her as she slept in her bed.

Eric stood in front of her, mouth open, uncertain of what to say. Looking away from her, staring at the wall, he finally asked, "Is that how you see me? Is that really what you think I am?" When he turned to face her, Natalia was watching him.

She breathed deeply, her chest swelling as she tucked her hair behind her ear. Her eyes rested on his face. For a moment he remembered nothing of what he was, there was only what he was turning into. And all this time, he thought she didn't see him, but this... She saw him all right. She saw every bit, ever fiber. It was as if he was on display and it unnerved him. Not only that, but he felt her pain, her anguish-every bit of her soul was displayed in front of him in paint.

She spoke softly, "Yes."

Natalia painted everything as if it were a nightmare, coursing with emotion. The pain and terror in the brush strokes made him close his eyes. The demons were painted perfectly, their sharp teeth gleaming with eyes thirsty for blood. She captured their savage desperation, their struggle to survive, as well as the carnage they left in their wake. Rivers of blackened blood flowed across her walls, mingling with red-human blood-that lead to his portrait.

He swallowed hard, pulling back the fabric again. The side that wasn't covered depicted him as he looked, and how he felt. Like he was trapped. Night covered his face, concealing his emotions, making him mysterious and dangerous in her eyes. But it was what was behind the curtain that made him choke. This half of him was darker than the first, covered in crimson-blood-flowing from a black and silver blade. His eyes were demon eyes, greedy, desperate and glowing like an unquenchable fire. That's how she saw him, her savior-he was night, and darkness, and blood. There was no speck of light in his eyes, no indication that she thought he was anything other than a monster.

Suddenly, Natalia's hand was on his shoulder, startling him. Eric turned quickly, grabbing her wrists and slamming her into the wall. He trapped her body beneath his, breathing hard in her face. He could feel her heart beating rapidly against her ribs, like it would explode inside her chest. "Why?" he hissed. "Why have you been following me if you think I'm worse than the demons? Why demand friendship from me, if you see what I really am?"

For once Natalia was afraid. It coursed through her body without her consent. "You weren't supposed to be here! This wasn't for you to see..."

Eric slammed his body against hers, forcing the air out of her lungs in a puff. She choked, gasping. His eyes were hot, rimming. She had no idea what she did to him-her body, her scent, and then this. The fear coursing through her made him want her even more.

"Why is this here? Why is this where you sleep? Answer me!" Eric was angry that he was shaking. Thinking that you are a monster is one thing. Seeing it painted so carefully is quite another. He was afraid, and angry. A torrent of emotions ran through his core, drowning out his reasoning.

Natalia's ankle was throbbing. She wanted to scream, and beat Eric within an inch of his life, but she forced herself to stop struggling. He had her pinned. "I don't know! I just started painting, and that's what came out. Why are you upset? You've been telling me that you'd kill me, given the chance-and this? This bothers you? Some paint slapped on a wall?" She tried to sound light, like she wasn't afraid of the feelings she evoked.

Eric gazed at her, barely aware of what he was thinking. Her scent filled his head with every breath. Fear filled the air, and was strewn across the walls. She saw him. She saw what he was, but still followed him. She still wanted him around. That only meant one of two things, both of which would result in her demise. She was already dead. Whatever her feelings were for him, he was certain they weren't neutral. "This can't be. It has to stop." He lowered her. Natalia slid down the wall, landing softly on her ankle, before Eric lifted her back onto the bed. Determination shot through him. He had to get away from her, but if he left her with her ankle like that, she couldn't fight. Fuck, she could barely stand.

"Eric," Natalia asked softly, her pulse still racing.

Eric didn't answer her. Instead, he slid his fingers over her foot, slowly feeling. "It's not a sprain, Natalia. It's broken. We need to fix it. And since you seem to already know what I am, let's not pretend anymore." He looked up into her face. Natalia's pink lips were parted as if she didn't understand. Fine. He didn't care what she admitted. The painting said she knew. The brushstrokes betrayed her. He suspected what she was, and why she was following him. This would prove it.

Reaching into his pocket, he took out his brimstone. He scraped his thumb against the sharp edge and it turned into a blade. Moving quickly, Eric slashed his palm. He didn't wince as the blade cut into his skin. His hand filled with blood. Turning toward Natalia, he held it out for her. "Drink. It'll heal you."

She watched him, her ice blue eyes looking at his bloody hand and back at his face. There was confusion in her eyes, something he didn't expect. Her lip curled slightly, "I don't drink blood, Eric."

"But you know what kind of blood this is, don't you?" he leaned closer to her. Natalia didn't shrink back. She watched his lips as he spoke, feeling lightheaded.

She nodded. She knew what he was, and was certain of it now. Up until this moment she doubted herself, questioning the visions that prompted the painting on the wall. "You're one of them. You have their blood."

"Say it," he snapped. "You know I'm not human. Say it! What kind of blood is this? What kind of blood heals and commands?"

Again she looked confused. "I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what it does. I only know what I see-what I see in you. There's so much darkness, its darker than you know, consuming you, devouring you. And you let it." Eric's eyes were wide, watching hers as she spoke. "You're one of them. That's demon blood, even though you're a man. I don't know what you are. Or why you're the way you are, Eric." She shivered, and looked away from him. The room shifted, and started to spin. Natalia wasn't sure if it was her reaction to the blood or from her broken foot. She pressed her eyes closed and reopened them slowly, trying to make the spinning stop.

"Eric," she said his name like a plea for help. Her hands darted to her sides to steady her.

Eric didn't hesitate. He forced his hand over her mouth and made her swallow. Horror widened her eyes as she realized what he was doing. Eric kept his hand clasped over her mouth, waiting. If she was human it would only heal her... and make her easier to manage. If she was something else, if she was what he feared, the blood would have no effect on her.

When he released his hand from her mouth, Natalia smiled at him with blood-stained lips. Woozy, she leaned back in his arms. She sounded drunk, slurring her words softly. "I didn't paint the whole thing, you know. There's part missing..." her words drifted off as her eyelids drooped.

Eric pushed her hair out of her face, asking, "What part is missing?"

"The goddess dies. Her blood runs deep, and spills far. That's why you're covered in blood. That's why I covered that half. It's not happened yet, and I don't want it to." Her eyelids lowered, though she fought to hold them open. She'd tried not to swallow, but she did. His blood was odd and slid down her throat with an intense heat that erupted inside her body, making her feel instantly intoxicated.

Eric didn't expect this reaction. It gave no clues to her origins, but it did confirm that she was human. He thought she was babbling. "What goddess, Natalia?"

She shrugged. "I don't know her name, but she knows yours. She called to you, calls to you now, but you ignore her-the blue ghost locked in darkness."

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Natalia bent over, pulling on a boot. She was pissed. "You drugged me, Eric. You f**king drugged me!" She jumped up, ready to storm out.

She wasn't what he thought. He didn't know what she was. His blood healed her foot, but couldn't compel her. Normally, demon blood could compel, but it didn't work with her. If the blood formed a connection between them, she was able to override it.

Eric moved in front of her, blocking her exit. "I healed you! It wasn't like that." She gazed at him, and he said again, "It wasn't like that." Natalia was still angry, her eyes seething.

"Then give me your hand." She held out her palm, waiting for him to comply. When he hesitated, she started to turn away.

"Fine," Eric thrust his hand out to her, stopping her from leaving. He knew he should have let her leave, but something wasn't normal about her. He didn't want her to leave his sight until he figured her out.

Natalia took his hand, rubbing his palm with her thumbs. She placed one thumb over his, feeling his pulse. It quickened when he looked at her. This would tell her if she acted on her desires. God, if she slept with him she couldn't look at herself again. All these years would be wasted. Every attempt she made to be better than the man who killed her mother would be wasted. She couldn't stand the thought of him touching her, not because she didn't want it, but because she couldn't.

Gazing into his eyes, she asked, "Did you drug me?"

"No." Eric was exasperated. He could have done anything. She babbled until she passed out. It was the strangest reaction to his blood that he'd ever seen. "I didn't drug you. It was blood. You reacted differently, and passed out. I didn't touch you."

Natalia's gaze was cold. "Rephrase, Eric No-Name. This is your last chance. Did you touch me?" Her body was tense, shaking. She had no recollection of last night, no memories of Eric beyond swallowing the blood as he forced his hand over her mouth. The world became hazy and there was nothing after that.

Not knowing what she said made her uneasy. Having no idea if Eric touched her made it worse. What if he...? What if she... ? Natalia shook, pressing her fingers tightly into his hand, looking for the truth, not caring if he realized what she was. Watching the little vein in his hand, carefully, she hoped to God that he didn't kiss her-not while she was sleeping-the effects would ruin everything she planned.

Eric assumed she thought he really drugged her, and molested her in her sleep. Part of him was offended, but he understood. At least he thought he did. If the girl had no memories, it was no wonder why she was angry. His lips parted, searching for the right words. Natalia's head tipped to the side, more rage pooling within her eyes every second.

He sighed, speaking softly, "I touched your foot. I felt the skin on your leg when it healed. I felt your body lean into mine as you slept."

"And..." she knew there was more. She could sense it. His pulse quickened, she could feel it. She learned that she could tell if people were lying by touching their hand, feeling their pulse respond to her touch, her voice. And Eric was lying, she was certain.

Eric looked away, breathing deep. "And I held you longer than I should have. I wrapped my arms around you, as you slept in the nightmare room." He ripped his hand away from her, ignoring the confusion on her face. Or surprise. Whatever it was he didn't care. He didn't have to explain himself to her.

Her tone changed, softening, "Why?" she asked. Her heart lurched. He held her?

Eric could feel her eyes on the side of his face. The muscle in his jaw tightened. He turned to her, "Why do I do anything, Nat? It doesn't matter, okay. Just let it go." But she didn't let it go. She never let anything go.

The corners of her mouth lifted. The rest of her fear melted away. He held her. Eric acted like a schoolboy with a crush and held her all night. His golden eyes wouldn't look at her, like he was ashamed of his pure actions. It was so sweet, and so unlike him that she couldn't help but grin.

She stepped in front of him, trying to catch his eye. "You're a little conflicted, Eric. One day you hate me, the next day you smell my hair while I sleep..." She watched him, with a mischievous smile on her face.

There was no way she knew what she did to him. Eric tried not to smile, and pressed his lips into a thin line. Natalia knew that expression-that face Eric made when he was happy and tried to hide it. It was rare and for a moment she forgot why she was there and reveled in it.

She continued, light and playful, asking, "Which boy do I have today? The nasty one? Or the creepy one?"

He laughed. He couldn't help it. The smile stretched across his face making him look more beautiful than he already was. His rich amber eyes glanced up at her, "Probably both."

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

After leaving Natalia to grab something to eat, Eric retrieved his book. The ancient tome was hidden in the shattered house because he knew it was safe there. That was the same reason why he left the girl here. There was information that was in his book, something he had to know before he went after his next target. There was a connection, something he didn't really remember and he wanted to read his notes to be sure.

The book was hidden in a steel box deep within the rubble. Normally he wouldn't have pulled it out when the girl was awake, but he didn't see what harm it could do. No one was able to read it, save him. Getting to the book was difficult, even for Eric, but he managed. When he emerged, he was covered in dust and debris. Eric pulled his shirt over his head, and shook it out. Rumpling his golden-brown hair, he pushed it away from his face. His hair had grown quite a bit, and kept falling into his eyes. He'd have to cut it soon.

Sitting on the floor at the foot of Natalia's bed, Eric stared at the painting on the wall. Half his face stared back. It bothered him that she saw him so clearly. And the cryptic words she said last night about the blue ghost concerned him.

There was only one blue ghost that could be described as a goddess, and he'd never kill her. Ivy meant too much to him, even though his actions indicated something else. Eric tried to force Natalia's words from his mind, but they wouldn't fall silent. Ivy had sent for him, and he defied her.

It was only a matter of time, now. He had to finish what he started, but watching Natalia laying still, breathing steadily in his arms all night-it made him realize how much he wanted her. It wasn't just her sharp wit, and her beauty. It was her. His affection for Ivy hid his feelings for Natalia, and they had gone unnoticed. Or maybe something changed. He didn't know what it was, but he wished things were different. He wanted to care for her, be soft and kind to her. That girl had such a hard life, and he knew he was the only person in the world that cared for her. Natalia was like him in that way, she pushed everyone away. She was a loner.

"What's that?" Natalia stood in the door way chewing on something that resembled food. The curves of her form filled Eric's mind with impure thoughts. Her eyes slid over Eric's bare chest, then glancing at his shirt on the floor. Natalia took another bite, pretending not to be fazed seeing him there shirtless.

Eric answered, "Nothing. Just notes." He lowered his head, ignoring the way Natalia looked at him.

"Yeah. Sure. That's why you got all scratched up going to get it." She huffed, pushing herself off the door frame and entered the room. Her long legs stopped, standing next to Eric.

She looked down, inky hair spilling over her shoulders. Her heart leaped in her chest. Holy fuck! Is that the book? It can't be!

But it was, and he took it out in front of her. It felt like someone was choking her, but she couldn't step away. If Eric had that book-if that was thee book-then he was the one she'd been looking for. She felt sick, happy, and afraid all at the same time. Natalia shoved the feelings away before Eric noticed.

Sounding nonchalant, she edged closer, gazing at the book and read over his shoulder. Dread pooled in her stomach. She wasn't sure if it was the book, and there was no way to know without taking it from him.

Without thinking she asked, "What's the Tribunal?" Before she could take another bite of her protein bar, Eric slammed the book shut and rounded on her.

Eye to eye they stood, Eric with the book tucked under his arm. "Where'd you hear that word?"

Natalia looked at him like he was crazy, "In the book. It said something about the Tribunal of Martis. Sorry, I didn't realize you didn't want me to see." She held up her hands, and started to back away. Her eyes locked on his. Did he believe she was harmless? Why did he think she wouldn't be able to read it? Natalia didn't know what she had done, but she wanted that book. It would tell her everything. And it would destroy her relationship with Eric, but she had to know the truth.

Eric was already intrigued. The idea that someone could read his book was wonderful and horrible at the same time. Did she really read his notes? Natalia's eyes drifted from Eric's face, lingering on his smooth chest. When Eric caught her staring, she met his gaze defiantly-as if challenging him. So he did. Eric cracked the book open to a random page, and tossed it on her bed. "Read it."

Natalia stepped forward, her shoulder brushing against Eric's chest as she passed. He fought the urges that exploded inside of him at her touch. Her voice was confident as she read from the page. "The realms are ruled by three beings. The Underworld is governed by a powerful demon," she glanced at him, "there's a notation of species-that's the closest word in English-is unknown. The drawing next to it is of a half-naked girl and says it's a prophecy of thirteen. The Middleground is filled with humans, Martis and Valefar," Her eyebrows rose as she spoke these words, as if she didn't believe what she was reading, "the Heavens are the angel's realm. Notation of governess is a name I can't pronounce. And the leader of the Middleground says," she paused, leaning closer to the book, "unknown." She turned back to him. It felt like her mouth was filled with sand. This was the book, but the way Eric was looking at her, she knew she did something wrong.

Eric's eyes were wide, watching her like he'd never seen her before. "Who are you?"

Natalia laughed, not taking his question seriously despite the shock on his face. "The same messed up girl I was yesterday-except this psycho fed me some demon blood last night. That might have had..." but she didn't finish.

Eric moved toward her swiftly, stopping in front of her without touching her. "No one can read that. No one has ever been able to pick that up and read it," Eric said. Natalia just shrugged, acting like it was no big deal, but to him it was. He took a step toward her. She slid her foot back. For every question, he took another step forward. "Who are you? How can you see through me? How can you decipher codes in languages that are dead? What the hell are you?"

Natalia's back hit the wall, the wall with Eric painted on it. Meanwhile, the real Eric was standing in front of her shirtless, pressing her back with no way to escape. Her heart hammered in her ears. He figured her out. That had to be it. Natalia tried to act calm, her icy blue eyes met Eric's, "Don't look at me like you don't know me. I've been like this the entire time. It's not my fault you just noticed." As she spoke her lips were nearly touching his.

Eric leaned closer, watching her answer, searching for lies but not finding any. "You're human?"

Her voice was barely a breath, "Yes," she lied. Her cool blue gaze locked with his. He believed her, she could feel it. But there was more, he knew there was more to her than that, then being mortal.

"Tell me what you see." His eyes were locked on hers. The icy blue shallows melted as he watched her. He wasn't sure what happened, but he had known what she saw in him. The paintings on the walls said that she could see past the surface and into his soul. No one saw the Omen and lived, but Natalia was alive. Maybe she was an anomaly. Maybe she could survive Eric, too. Then there wouldn't be a reason to complete his plan. He felt safe around her, like the part of him that he feared most was muted. Natalia must have seen it in him. Desperation coursed through his veins. He had to know what she saw. All of it. She had to tell him.

His question threw her off balance. He still didn't suspect her. Instead he went down another path, one that she didn't want to walk. "You don't want me to answer that, Eric. I..." but he cut her off, slamming his hands on either side of her head. She didn't flinch, or cower. Natalia wasn't afraid of him. She never was. He didn't understand why.

"Tell me," he growled, trying to evoke the demon blood, but finding he couldn't. He pressed his forehead to hers. She had sight-visions of the future. That had to be it. She was a mortal that was touched and could see fragments of what was to come. Could she see him? Did she know his fate? "Tell me," he repeated, gently, near pleading with her.

"Eric," she whispered his name, pushing back a little, taking his face in her hands. Feelings warred within her. She wanted to taste his lips, but she was certain she found her mark, and it was Eric. He'd die at her hand, and yet, she couldn't stop holding his face, feeling his smooth skin between her palms.

Eric began to pull away when she didn't speak, but she held him in place, finally saying, "I see you..." Her hands were splayed on the sides of his face, his lips a breath from hers. "I see the remnants of a good man. I see the darkness that's consuming him so quickly that he's drowning in it. I see him fighting, trying to keep his head above the waterline, trying to save himself, but he can't. He revels in pain and lusts for women who fear him. He's cruel and bitter. He's twisting into something evil, something I can't see yet. He shies away from compassion. He alienates those who care about him. He leans toward the depths of darkness that he's about to fall into, never to rise again. We are all made of light and dark, Eric, but your light is nearly gone-and soon it will vanish."

His scent filled her head as she spoke, saying words that broke her heart. Eric's golden eyes didn't leave hers. His lips remained parted like he wanted to contest what she said, but he remained silent. Natalia continued, looking at him from beneath dark lashes, not wanting to say it-but something compelled her to finish, "It's like there's darkness where your soul should be. I see through you, like you're a sheet of glass, but there are places that have blackened and become opaque. Soon all of you will be like that-dark. Evil." She blinked, glancing down. "That's what I see... "

Golden eyes stared back at her as she spoke. Each word felt like a knife in his heart. Eric wanted to tear away from her. He wanted to make her stop speaking, but he didn't. Instead he listened to this woman describe the monster that stood in front of her. She knew he could sense fear, that it made him lust. And yet, she stood there, talking to him like he was anyone else. She said that parts of him were blackened, that she couldn't see into him fully. Did she know what he was? What he was capable of?

"How much do you know?" he asked. "Can you see what I really am? What I've done?"

"What does it matter?" she replied, gazing into his eyes, feeling the curve of his chest against her body as she leaned closer. Her mind was caving in, allowing her body to speak for her. The connection she felt to him overrode every other thought in her head. His lips were so close. One taste. One kiss. What harm could it do? She leaned closer, her lips so close to his mouth that she could feel his breath. "We're more alike than you realize, Eric Masterson, you just don't see it yet."

Eric was enthralled with Natalia. He wanted her, and she wasn't resisting him anymore. The way she spoke, the way she moved her body, pressing it into his made him know her intentions. But, when she said his name it shattered the moment, yanking him back like a slap in the face. He snatched her hands away from his face, slamming them above her, into the wall. "How do you know my name?" He pushed so hard that she screamed. It felt like the bone was cracking beneath his palm. The weight of his body was crushing her.

Natalia had no idea why it mattered. Who cared what his name was? She was spewing out the answer before he snapped her wrists. "The book! It was in the book! Your name was in the book!"

Eric could feel her fear course through her body in full force. Finally. It bubbled out of her stomach, twisting into every inch of her body. It was intoxicating, filling his mind, pulling him farther and farther away from who he wanted to be. His hands could slip over her throat, and silence her. Terror pulsated through her body, steadily increasing with every heartbeat. Eric couldn't move. His instincts were at war with his mind. His hands were moving to crush her throat, his head telling him to release her. It was her fear, it was so thick. He couldn't stop. He could barely speak, "Fight me off."

Natalia ignored him. Instead, she pressed her lips to Eric's. It felt right, and she couldn't fight it anymore. Something inside of her came undone when he tried to hurt her, when Eric lost control of himself. The only thing she could hear was her pulse pounding in her ears. The threat evoked who she was and she couldn't help it. Eric's hands on her throat made her hotter, her stomach twisting, igniting her longing so she couldn't hold herself back. When Natalia's soft mouth brushed against his, Eric's eyes closed. Natalia kissed him again, this time harder, sucking his lip into her mouth, nicking it with her teeth. Eric's eyes flew open. They were like liquid gold, surrounded by burning blood.

Her heart raced faster, the pit of her stomach coiling tightly. Natalia's eyes watched the trail of red as the drop of blood rolled down his lip. She lunged forward and kissed him harder, tasting his blood. Eric pressed himself against her, feeling the curve of her chest pressed against his. He wanted to touch her and feel the soft swells of flesh in his palms. Eric's rage, the fire that burned within him completely transformed when she kissed him. His hands slid away from her neck and down her curvy body. One hand lingered on her breast. Feeling her like that, it made him want her even more. The moans, the soft sounds that Natalia made in the back of her throat were drawing out the part of him that couldn't be with Natalia, the part that he kept hidden. Sliding his other hand lower, he felt the small of her back, and pulling her tighter against him.

Natalia didn't stop kissing when Eric released her throat. Instead she deepened the kiss, acting like she'd die if she stopped. Her fingers tangled in Eric's hair, pulling it hard. He tasted better than she imagined, and she wanted more. The way his body felt, all hard muscles and firm, she wanted him. Natalia could feel his hands on her, and she wanted them there, craving more. There was no longer any regard for protecting her identity from him. Her nature overtook her, and she gave into it.

Eric's body was responding to the darkness within him, wanting her, wanting to feel her fear him. When Natalia splayed her fingers across his chest, he pressed her back into the wall, forcing her legs apart. He waited for her to beg him to stop, but she didn't. Her body slid against him, as if she wanted his hands on her, in her. Eric couldn't clear his head. The lust was too thick, too hot. She didn't beg him to leave her alone. She craved him, wanting more. He had to stop this. He knew he would hurt her, but he couldn't control himself. There was no love left within him. He took what he wanted and destroyed what he took.

With every ounce of strength he had, Eric pulled away from her, gasping for air like he couldn't breathe. Natalia watched him from hooded eyes, swollen lips parted as if she were going to speak. Her hand was draped over Eric's shoulder, nails biting into his neck.

Eric was still aroused, pushed past the point of sanity. His golden eyes were wide, "You could fight me off, push me away. Why didn't you?"

Her voice was seduction, slowly stroking every inch of his body as she spoke, "I told you, already. We're more alike, you and I." Her pink lips were parted, her chest rising as she breathed.

Eric didn't believe her. It didn't matter that her appearance at Carina's should have affirmed that statement-he rejected it. There was no way she was like him. Eric craved pain, blood, and sex. He wanted all three from her, but knew he could never be with her like that. It was something he craved, something he wanted badly, so badly that he was no longer thinking. Taking her at her word, Eric extracted a piece of brimstone from his pocket.

Natalia watched Eric's fingers unfold and reveal a black rock in the center of his hand. The edges were worn to points like spearhead. He touched it slowly to Natalia's arm, pressing the razor-sharp stone against her smooth tanned skin. It was what she wanted him to do at Carina's, but he wouldn't. Natalia watched him as he pierced her with the stone, cutting her. Her body tensed as she felt him do it. It was what she wanted, but it wasn't part of the plan. This was a distraction, but she needed it. He didn't realize what he was doing to her, how this made her more of a monster than she already was, but it was too delicious to refuse.

Natalia savored every second of stinging pain and heat. Lips parted, Eric was breathing hard, watching her. Moving slowly he dragged the stone down her soft flesh, forming a long red steak as it cut into her.

The girl finally screamed.

She screamed as the stone tore open her skin. She screamed as Eric ran his tongue along her flesh, kissing the trail of blood on her arm. It was almost perfect, but it wasn't the kind of scream that Eric expected. It wasn't the terror-stricken scream of a woman in pain. It was something else, something that made Eric's blood run cold.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

Eric had never lost his head like that before. It almost felt as if the darkness were being drained out of him, but when he broke away from Natalia, it surged back into place. Every scrap of pain was replaced, exactly the way it was. It was like all the darkness within him momentarily vanished. It wasn't just that the agony was appeased, or that it lay dormant, waiting to rear up again. It was gone. In those few short seconds Eric could breathe. His soul no longer ached. Anger no longer coursed through his veins like a deadly poison. But he didn't understand. Usually when he was with someone like that-they were afraid-and that fear fed his lust, but that wasn't what happened with Natalia. The truth was, he didn't know what happened.

Eric fled from her after that, leaving her alone in her nightmare of a bedroom. That bedroom. Those paintings. He never felt so exposed in his life. It was like the girl saw straight through him, like a cheap piece of velum. There was no way to hide anything from her, and yet, she didn't seem to understand what she saw. He was grateful for that. If she understood what he was doing, she might try to stop him.

But no one would stop him tonight.

The moonlight cut through the splintered trees making jagged shadows on the ground. Eric effonated to the exact point where he knew the man would be. There was no mistaking this residence. Even in the darkness it stood like a gem in the center of a minefield. While the rest of the world went to hell and half the people starved, this Martis lived in opulence, squandering his wealth instead of protecting and providing for the people who starved at his gates.

Until that day, he didn't think the man could have become so cruel, but hearing the woman's words-the poor beggar with the lifeless child in her arms-it changed his mind. It was beyond him how this could happen, how he could get this way. The man was blind, and he'd destroy him, as he did Julia.

As Eric paced the immaculately decorated blue bedroom his eyes tried not to linger on the flashes of wealth-the gold gilded headboard, the crystal chandelier, the fur rugs, or the silks that draped from floor to ceiling. All those things disgusted him, feeding his rage, and at every turn of his head there was something else.

Eric finally stopped pacing and took a spot, leaning on the wall across from the door. He folded his arms over his chest and crossed his legs. His stance was calm, like he was waiting for a bus, not waiting to assassinate the eldest Tribunal member. There was no repentance for the Martis. They failed to see what they'd done, or correct it, in all these years since Ivy granted them a stay of execution.

Eric didn't move when voices drifted down the hallway and into the dark room. He could hear Thomas' voice. It sounded exactly the same as it did the last time he heard it in the courtroom. Thomas couldn't believe that Eric would protect Ivy, that he didn't slay her on sight. The Martis were so f**ked up. They completely lost sight of their purpose and Eric intended to remind them. One by one, if needed.

The metal in the doorknob scraped against the latch as it turned. Eric's perfect ears heard every footfall, every voice. He knew there were five people with Thomas. As the door swung open, the hallway light bathed his target. The men surrounding him were fools. He felt no remorse for them when he opened his palm and blew brimstone dust in their direction. The dust swirled across the air, curling and bending in the rays of light. The men froze, watching it, not yet seeing Eric waiting in the shadows. No one realized what it was. Each of Eric's assassinations was done differently, but he knew one person would see the commonality. One person would condemn him for his crimes.

Ivy.

The dust swirled through the air like a snake poised to attack. It swept past Thomas before it collapsed in a spray of powder, covering every single person who stood behind him. As they held out their hands to examine the tiny black grains, Eric spoke from the darkness, "It's not soot-it's judgment for everything you've ignored since your reprieve."

Their heads snapped in the direction of the light as the remnants of the dust fell on their flesh. That was when the searing pain began. With a wave of his hand, and a few silent words, Eric used his power to grab Thomas before he could flee, and shoved his dying guards into the hallway. As the door slammed shut, Eric could see their faces contorted in agony as the black brimstone dust spidered across their skin. Their pain was palpable. He wished he could sit on a chair and revel in it, be at peace for a few moments before they died-but he couldn't. Eric was there for a reason, and they weren't it.

Thomas' voice was husky, like he smoked cigars for five lifetimes. He glared at Eric with eyes like steel, "So, Julia's blood was not enough? I thought as much." He laughed to himself as he walked, half bent over, stopping in front of an ornate chair that was covered in supple blue velvet. He lowered his feeble body, ignoring Eric, "After I learned that you lived, I thought it was only a matter of time. One can't condemn a man to death and expect him to be anything other than a savage if he breaks free." He glanced at Eric, looking him straight in the eye. The expression on his face made Eric's stomach twist. "Can he?" Eric didn't answer. He stood with his hands in his pockets, staring at the old fool.

"Ah, you had so much promise," Thomas continued. "You were such a fine young warrior, but you let that girl turn your head. You gave up everything for her, and look where it got us. Death, destruction, and you-you're more of an abomination than she is. At least Her Highness remains with the evil creatures of her realm. But you-you walk in the light like it was made for you."

The words pelted into Eric. This was someone who had been like a father to him. Thomas was Althea's counterpart at one time. When Al had first taken Eric in, and saved him from the Valefar, she cared for him. So did Thomas. But as time passed, Thomas thought Al's logic was becoming too far removed from the way of the Martis, and he left. The sad part was that Al was straight and true, never bending, always walking in the light. As Thomas spoke, it reminded Eric of Al, and it felt like someone was strangling him. She'd been a mother to him before dying at his hand. It didn't matter that he didn't realize what he was doing. Eric didn't blame Kreturus, the Demon King, for forcing his hand. He took the blame for that death, and many others. Every snuffed life lay heavily on his shoulders, like an inky darkness that no amount of water could wash away.

As Thomas said his last sentence, Eric lifted his palm. The old man's eyes grew wide as he watched a stream of light form in the air. It was one of the only Martis abilities that remained in his grasp. The light was barely a shape, but it moved toward the old man. To his credit, he didn't try to run or plead. Thomas knew his fate the moment he saw Eric, and he held his head high like he was a f**king martyr.

Eric spoke as he manipulated the beam, "Light was not made for me, Thomas. I consume it, I devour it. There is hardly any left within me, which is why I can tell that there is no light within you." Eric pushed off the wall, and walked toward Thomas with his head tilted to the side. "Light calls to light. Darkness calls to darkness. That's what you are. That's what you've done. Do you not see it? Can you seriously tell me that condemning me to death was right? Or even that you should have such wealth while the beggars die at your gate?" Eric watched the man, but he didn't blink. Defiance washed over his face in every wrinkle, every inch of his weathered skin.

A soft laugh bubbled up from Eric. He shook his head, and folded his arms, "You didn't know that there were literally dead people at the gate of your house-that there are children, and mothers, men too weak to work, and all with their fingers wrapped around the bars that lead to your front door?" Eric sat down across from the old man. "For old time's sake, Thomas, tell me..." Eric folded his fingers in his lap, and leaned forward, his golden hair falling in his eyes, "what is it that Martis are supposed to do?"

Thomas sneered, "Don't you dare think that you can judge me. I have lived a just life. I have given plenty. I..." but Eric was through. This man was not the Thomas he knew so long ago. He was not the Thomas that Al was fond of. That man was long dead, and his body would soon follow.

At Eric's command, the swirling white mist stopped and thickened into a cloud. It drifted to Thomas, surrounding him in his chair. There was no way for the man to move, the airless mist was like lead. Its viscous vapors deprived his lungs of oxygen, as they settled over him.

Eric leaned back in his chair, fingers steepeled as he watched the man in front of him die. Every ounce of pain, every moment of agony was deserved-unlike some of Eric's past actions-so he made Thomas' demise last as long as possible, reveling in it. As he sat watching, Eric couldn't help but notice that the old man's pain was different. It was more an old burned piece of meat than an elegant meal. It still satisfied Eric's hunger, but in a less palatable way.

Without meaning to, it made Eric think of Natalia. He pressed his fingers together harder, knuckles turning white. He didn't understand. What she did to him was so different. Her fear was almost-it almost made him crave more. When Eric realized what he was thinking he crushed the thoughts instantly.

Eric watched every deplorable second of the end of Thomas' life, smiling while he did it. As the mist lingered on the old man's skin, it began to burn. The scent of charred flesh filled the air, but no one came. No one could save the Martis now. Eric tapped his fingers together-waiting, watching-his golden eyes never leaving Thomas'. Every ounce of agony that the man felt was strewn across his face, until Eric finally allowed him to collapse.

With a flick of his hand, Eric banished the mist. Thomas moaned from the floor, looking up at Eric who was standing over him. His old gray eyes were wide, filled with terror as he rasped, "You're a demon. A monster." Hair stuck to the side of his face, dripping with sweat.

Extracting his brimstone from the pocket of his jeans, Eric turned it to a black dagger in his hand. It was a demon's weapon, straight from the Underworld. Raising the weapon above his shoulder, Eric gripped it tight. The jagged edge glinted softly in the light. Thomas' wide grey eyes fixated on the weapon. Without another word, Eric slammed the dagger into Thomas' heart, cracking it through his bones as he swung. Thomas screamed. It was the kind of scream that soothed Eric. Raw terror filled the air, soothing Eric's pain. For an instant it vanished like chalk washed off the sidewalk. The traces of it were still there, but the intensity was gone. It was the kind of scream that Natalia should have given. He couldn't put the thought aside. Assassinating Thomas made him realize there was something about that girl. She wasn't normal, but it was beyond that.

The scream died as the tip of the blade pierced Thomas' heart. Brimstone flooded his system and beat by beat, the man was destroyed from the inside out. Eric watched his body as it contorted with pain, not offering any comfort. Thomas' eyes grew wide, terror coursing through him faster than the brimstone.

The massive hole in Eric's chest, the place where the darkness reigned, felt solid for a moment. Sated. It was no longer threatening to crush him from within. The irony wasn't lost on Eric. He knew that he only felt good when he was doing horrible things. That worried him. How far would he go to feel this way? Was it something he could maintain forever? He was strong enough, powerful enough to sustain death after death. There was only a tiny part of him that didn't want it, and it was that tiny part that made his kills methodical. There was a reason, a plan behind all the blood. In the end, it would all work out. It had to.

Silence filled the room and with it the pain that crushed his chest began to build again. The old man's eyes rolled back in his head, dead. Staring at him for a moment, Eric was sickened to realize that things ended like this. Both the people who saved him died horrifically at his hand. Eric brought death with him everywhere he went. It was just the way things were and he'd accepted it. Yanking the blade from the man's corpse, Eric withdrew it and turned it back to a stone, placing it carefully in his pocket. With his other hand, he extracted the vial.

Eric leaned close to the old man's face, remembering his last words, accusing Eric of being a monster. Tipping a drop from the vial he whispered, "Likewise."

CHAPTER TWENTY

Eric didn't go looking for Natalia later that night. He kept to himself, trying to decide what to do with the girl. She was dead if she had any feelings for him. He was having difficulty resisting her pull. It was like she was a black hole and there was no escape. Thoughts of Natalia flooded his mind when they shouldn't. It was like he was losing control and he didn't like it. It put her at risk. And not only that, it could derail the rest of his plans. The consequences of that were far worse. Eric knew the end of his life was near. Things were changing too fast. The curse was morphing, changing him more rapidly than ever before. Horrible things were coming and there was only one way to stop him. His mind was set, but Natalia. That was the problem... Natalia.

The day after he killed Thomas passed. Eric felt no remorse. There was tension in the air during daylight hours that was normally absent. The people whispered, wondering what could kill such a wealthy man. They thought that if he failed to escape the monster, then so would they. Those words haunted him, like a dark sign of things to come.

It was night by the time he headed for the bar. His thoughts drifted to Natalia as he walked through the abandoned streets. Inky black shadows, due to the lack of moonlight, made this section of the city seem more nefarious than usual. When he closed his eyes he saw her. It was like he could still sense her soft skin brushing against his lips. There was something about her. Eric craved her like nothing he'd ever known. It was an abnormality for him.

Eric rolled the little vial between his fingers. It was nearly empty. Gazing at it in his hand, he watched the clear contents swish back and forth, before pocketing the potent liquid again. Normal people wouldn't risk putting something like that so close to their skin. One drop of that clear liquid killed, leaving only a golden residue in its wake-but Eric had already tried a drop or two on his own flesh. The only thing it did was hiss and evaporate. Eric looked down at his hand. A spot on his wrist, a little circle of gold, marked where he'd dripped the vial on his arm. Eric rubbed his wrist, trying to erase the mark, but it wouldn't budge. There were two of them-twin golden circles that were side by side-like a tattoo.

Eric sat at a counter in the bar, sipping a liquid that did little to ease his pain. If he downed the whole bottle, it might burn his throat for half a second before the effects wore off. The curse decimated Eric, alienating him from everyone, keeping him from feeling anything good without destroying someone else. In the short time he'd spoken to Lorren, the other angel who used the Stone, he found some comfort. Being trapped in Hell seemed like a much better cost than what was thrust upon Eric. But, he shouldn't complain. Ivy's curse was much worse, and she seemed to adapt. If she had everything to do over again, he knew she would make the same choice-she'd choose the curse and destroy her own life to save everyone else's.

At one point Eric had been the same way, but now, after centuries upon centuries of unending pain... He shook his head, slamming his glass on the bar. He'd become too dark and twisted. The reasons for his assassinations weren't to end his misery, they were to illicit a response to stop him before it was too late. Too late for everyone. He could feel it inside of him and knew it had to be stopped.

Eric had ignored Ivy's requests to come to her in the Underworld. He couldn't admit it to her; he couldn't tell her how the darkness was consuming him, making him a million times worse than when he last saw her. It would be too hard, too horrible.

Before he turned, he felt eyes on his back. Natalia. Her voice was soft, uncertain. "Where've you been, friend?" She glided next to him, long hair flowing down her back, a soft sway to her hips, and slid up onto the stool next to him.

Natalia went looking for Eric. He left her the other night, and it'd been over a day since they talked-since they kissed. She didn't want to act like a head-case, but she felt so different with Eric. Instead of leaving her empty, she felt-almost happy. And that was just a kiss. She wondered what more would do, but was too worried to find out. What did it mean? Nothing ever made her feel that way, and she'd been alive long enough to know. Those emotions were tossed away in her childhood, centuries ago. It was long before she realized what she was.

When he didn't speak, she asked, "I unnerve you, don't I?" If he didn't stop her last night, she didn't know what would have happened. After that, Eric darted, and she came back to her senses and tore apart the house looking for his book, but it was gone. There was no trace of it. She wouldn't kill him without it. She didn't want to believe what she already knew-the immortal that possessed the book was guilty. Eric was immortal, but he wasn't an angel. She still thought there was a chance for him. That he wasn't the person she was looking for.

Her teeth caught her bottom lip, tugging on it slightly. Eric glanced at her out of the corner of his eye. Her long legs were crossed at the knee. She leaned forward, toward him, her head tipped sideways with her dark hair spilling over her shoulders. "That's why you didn't come back last night. It was me, wasn't it?" She swallowed hard. Eric could hear it. Her pulse raced as her heart thumped loudly in her chest. Slowly, Eric turned to look at her. "You're spooked because I liked it, right?" she asked.

When Eric tried to hurt her, Natalia acted like she wanted it, because she did. There was a part of her brain that was drawn to him, to his need to inflict pain. She understood him better than he knew. They were two sides of the same coin. She just couldn't tell him.

Eric's eyes slid over her face, lingering on her perfectly smooth pale pink lips, before answering, "Things can't be like that with us. That was a scratch compared to what I normally do, and I don't want you dead." His voice was sincere, soft.

"But, Eric, I-"

"No, Natalia. This can't be. Why can't you see that?" There was a plea in his voice, like he'd come undone if she said the wrong thing.

Natalia's gaze lingered on his face. He didn't understand what she was. Part of her wanted to tell him, to see what he'd do. That was the crazy part. She swallowed hard, forcing back the surge of insanity. "I see that you're worried about me, but Eric-you can't hurt me." She reached for his hand, sliding her palm over his. His skin was smooth and warm. Eric sat perfectly still, fighting the instinct to rip his hand away and yell at her. The girl had no sense of self-preservation.

"Eric," she spoke his name like a caress that was far too intimate to be spoken at a bar. It was the whispered hush that lovers use when no one else is around. Eric felt heat rising within him, his skin growing hotter.

Jerking his hand away, Eric realized his heart was racing. She completely ensnared him. He wanted her. He wanted to taste her, feel her, and know her in way that made his breath catch. But it couldn't be. The best thing to do was to stay away from her.

He stood; ready to leave and said, "I see it in your eyes, Nat. I'm not redeemable. There's nothing here," he gestured between them, "there never can be." He leaned closer to her face, voice deepening, eyes gleaming like twin fires, "I'm not a lover you'd want. I take what I want, f**k it and leave it behind, half-dead. And that's when things end well. There's nothing loving. Me and you, it just can't be."

She swallowed hard, feeling his warm breath on her skin. His lips were close enough to kiss and she wanted to taste him again. Just for a moment. But she wasn't foolish enough to try. Not now. Not when he was like this. Eric closed his eyes, ready to look away, when he felt her warm hand on his face, pulling him back. Her head tipped back slightly.

She looked him in the eye, "Eric, things don't have to be this way."

Eric paused looking into her blue eyes. Natalia's beauty was blinding at times. This was one of those times. His mind was telling him to leave, to walk away, but he couldn't. His gut reaction was to slam the girl into the wall and storm out. Instead, he allowed her fingers to caress his face, watching her as she did it. Several moments passed, or maybe none at all, but Eric felt weak. He knew he'd give in and let her have her way if he stayed like this. So, he grabbed her hands, taking both of them in his fists. He yanked her face toward him. Dark hair swayed behind her as she came to a stop. They were nose to nose.

"Yes, it does. I'll kill you, Natalia." His voice was seductive and threatening at the same time. Natalia's heart felt like it was going to rip out of her chest. Her breath caught in her throat. It felt like she couldn't breathe. Eric sensed all these things, but he didn't stop speaking. "I'll make you cry out, beg for mercy, and not give it. I'll use you, taking pleasure in your pain until your soul leaves your body. That's what I truly am."

"No," she whispered trying to pull away, but Eric wouldn't let her. There was more she wanted to say, but he wouldn't listen.

Tightening his grip, Eric said, "Look at me. See it in my eyes. I'm telling you the truth. I've killed every woman who's ever loved me. Each and every one died horrifically. And the ones that were just toys, something to f**k to pass the time... ," his heart was racing, the memory of Jocelyn fresh in his mind. "I'll kill you. It's a fact, not a threat." He released her and turned to leave, throwing money back on the bar top. The coins clattered loudly, shocking Eric back to reality. Every ounce of him wanted her. How did this happen?

Natalia's jaw hung open as Eric spoke. She couldn't wrap her mind around what he was saying, but part of her knew it was the truth. He was dangerous. He was death. But so was she. Natalia jumped to her feet, following him outside. She yelled at his back in the darkened alley way, "Eric, wait!" He couldn't walk away. Natalia wanted to scream. She was so close and everything was going to be lost because she couldn't control her lust, her thirst-for him! She tried to compel him to stay, but her charms didn't work on him. Normally, she could hold a man in place with her gaze alone, but Eric was wild, and defiant. Like her. She needed him. She wanted him.

Eric stopped. His hands were in his pockets, his head hanging between his shoulders. Her pulse was pounding in her ears when he turned back and looked at her. It drove her crazy when he looked at her like that. He didn't speak, but he didn't have to. She could see it on his face, in his eyes, and every inch of his body. "I know you don't want to be what you are. I can see it, but Eric..." she paused carefully choosing her words, "if you'd let me, I could help you."

"If you think there's help for me, you're already dead." Eric turned away from her, and continued walking. His form was absorbed by shadows as he disappeared into the night.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

Natalia pushed through the wooden door to her home, alone. Eric was beyond cryptic tonight. She threw her jacket on a chair and crossed the marble floor, rounding the collapsed staircase, and going straight into her room. She pulled back the painting, pinning the velvet so she could see his whole face.

The strong lines of his jaw, the smoothness of his cheek, and the beauty of his face wasn't what drew her to him. It was his eyes-his haunted eyes. They were like pools of gold, endlessly beautiful and equally deadly. They burned with such intensity that she often had to look away. After all this time, she knew what he was. She was certain of it. The compulsion to follow him, the desire to be with him grew louder and more pressing. It was difficult to ignore. It was impossible to leave him alone.

He was distracting her from her task. There was one thing she needed-one thing she wanted-and she hadn't been able to get her hands on it. Natalia was so close to the book last night before he left. She held it in her hands, eager to read the pages, but the pages disappeared again when Eric left. It was like he was the only one who could retrieve them. She pulled apart her bedroom, remembering he went into the rubble to get it, but there was nothing-just crushed house, torqued iron, and enough dust to build a shopping mall. She'd been so close!

Natalia pulled at her hair as she flopped back onto her bed. "What the hell is wrong with me?" She was speaking to no one, not expecting an answer. She lay on her bed, facing the ceiling for a while. In all honesty, she had every expectation of heeding Eric's warning. It didn't matter what his kiss did to her. It didn't matter that she craved the kind of attention he gave her. She was going to stay away from him. Failing to do so would decrease her life expectancy severely. And Natalia was a survivor. She wanted to live.

Nat rolled over onto her stomach. Her eyes went wide. Was that his book? It was! Eric's massive book was laying on the dresser. She stared at the fat binding, startled. It wasn't there a moment ago. She sat up in her bed, looking around, wondering if he was there.

"Eric?" she called his name, waiting to hear his voice, but she was alone.

Natalia sat still, staring at the book from across the room. Eric was so secretive, but he must have pulled it out and left it for her. Why would he do that? He knew she could read his script, his code that he was so sure was unbreakable. Hesitant, she got up and padded across the room to the book.

This was her chance. She would know for certain what happened. If this was the book of legend then Eric was the man she was looking for. There was only one way to find out. Heart racing she reached out and touched the book. Her heart hammered in her chest like it might harm her. Part of her thought Eric might appear, that this was a trick. She slid her fingers over the cover feeling the smooth worn leather. When nothing happened-when Eric didn't appear and rip it out of her hands-she cracked the cover open and began to read.

______________

Eric had too much trouble leaving Natalia. He was getting attached to her. No, it was more than that, so much more than an attachment. It wasn't just that he liked the look of her. It wasn't that her body curved just the way he liked. It was her. It was Natalia. He was trying to warn her away, but the more he tried, the more attached the girl seemed to get. He needed to warn her off once and for all, so he left his book on her dresser. Part of him hated the idea of letting her read it. Eric didn't like his life and that book contained the good and the bad. It was his notes to himself. They contained the most hideous acts he'd committed, and the most noble. He shook his head, his golden hair falling into his eyes.

If she didn't stay away after reading that, she never would. There was no woman in her right mind that would trust him after reading its contents. Not after reading with her own eyes, seeing it written by his own hand, how much he reveled in pain-how much it soothed him to hear a woman scream and beg him for mercy. It twisted him from what he was, hardening him, making it more difficult to hold onto any scrap of light that might have been left within his soul.

After all this time, Eric finally accepted that having a soul didn't keep him from becoming a monster-it only made it easier. The cravings of his soul, the desire to put back what was broken beyond repair, spurred him to do things he never thought he'd do. There was no redemption, no absolution for someone like him. Every day only led to darker paths, with more blood, more pain, and more suffering. It was these things that gave him pleasure, and although Eric knew it was evil, he couldn't stop.

He waited as he usually did, in the man's bedchamber. The desire to feel blood on his hands consumed Eric. Natalia had left him in such a state of lust that every animalistic instinct he had, came rushing forward. It was earlier than he planned, but this murder would sate him. He'd be able to repress the lust that was compelling him toward the girl, at least for a little while longer. Eric couldn't resist her, and he knew if he was foolish enough to take her, the most compassionate thing to do was destroy her. His logic felt flawed, but he could no longer understand why. Thoughts like these should have sickened him, but they didn't. They seemed logical now, necessary.

The door creaked open. Two men in suits came through, ear-pieces wired to their heads like robots. Eric spoke a word, disabling the security equipment before killing the men. When the second man finally fell to the carpet, dead, Eric moved them out of sight. This was the bedroom of the most powerful man in the world. He knew there would be more guards, more security. He knew this assassination would be more difficult, but it was necessary.

The door was still wide open when the President strode into the room, followed by two additional guards behind him. Eric had to act quickly and destroy all three at once. He closed his eyes and called on his powers before they saw him. Without a sound, Eric cast the shadows at the three men, looping them around and around their torsos like snakes. Before he had a chance to finish his spell, one of the guards managed to fire his weapon. The gunshot grazed Eric's arm slicing it open. That shot would bring more guards upon him in seconds. Eric's heart raced, but the thought only made him more determined to finish what he started.

Commanding the shadows, he ordered them to constrict, crushing the men. The air was forced out of their lungs, rendering them mute. Eric basked in their agony, feeling life by life being squeezed away. That was the moment he craved. It was that moment he needed, and he wanted to draw it out. But, something inside of him refused to allow him to do so. These men had done nothing wrong, at least as far as Eric was concerned. They were a means to an end. They had to die for him to get what he wanted, and he wanted it so badly, so desperately that he'd do anything. This was the final straw, the catalyst that would cause Ivy's wrath to come crushing down. It was too important to ignore. The angels would not allow Eric to go unpunished. He was forcing Ivy's hand. It was the only way.

With a final devastating squeeze, Eric heard their ribs crack as the life was crushed from their limp bodies. He quickly retracted the shadows. The entire act took less than a second, and they were no more. Stepping towards the lifeless bodies, Eric extracted the vial. Three drops fell, one for each man.

As the drops hissed, he fled-effonating out of sight-but he wasn't fast enough. More guards appeared in the open doorway with their weapons drawn. Eric's eyes locked with the barrel of the gun. A shot was fired directly into his stomach before his body disappeared, taking the bullet with him.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

The gun shot diverted Eric's effonation. He couldn't concentrate. The pain coursing through his body from the bullet was overwhelming him. As the internal flames of the effonation consumed him, Eric knew he was losing control. The heat built under his skin, increasing in agonizing intensity, but he couldn't stop it. He was going to be spliced-his skin would be stripped off his body-if he didn't redirect himself now.

The location that was glaringly bright, the one place he didn't want to go, was the only one he could still picture in his mind. The vivid paint, the dark colors, the Omen's wings and Eric's burning eyes all encased in paint, screaming out like voices in a nightmare. The energy from the effonation diverted and dropped him on the floor of Natalia's bedroom. He landed hard, at the foot of her paintings, doubled over, clutching his gut. The bullet wouldn't kill him, but it hurt like hell. He felt warm blood, sticky and slick on his hands.

Natalia gasped when he appeared, "Eric? What happened to you?" She dropped the book and ran to him, kneeling at his side. She tried to pull his hands away to see his wound.

But he snapped at her, "No! Don't touch me. The blood. There's too much blood."

She read his book, cover to cover, several times. Each time she found him more horrifying, and yet, she was kneeling at his side trying to help him. "Demon blood can't hurt me. You already gave me some, remember? It did nothing. Let me help you, Eric."

Eric couldn't remember. He felt like his guts were on fire. He groaned, curling tighter around the wound. Natalia watched him for a moment. She sat on her heels, long hair pulled away from her face in a high pony tail. Her white tee shirt already had a smear of his blood on it.

He rasped, "How can you sit there offering to help me, when you know what I've done?"

She was finished waiting for him to comply. Natalia pushed Eric onto his back. A pair of shears appeared and she sliced open his shirt. Eric's hands kept moving toward the wound, but she slapped them away. "Maybe I'm more sadistic than you think. Stop doing that, or I'll tie you up." Taking Eric's shirt in her hands, she wiped away the blood. The gun shot was clean and went straight into his stomach. The skin was beginning to heal over the bullet hole.

Eric tried to sit up, "I'll fix it. I don't need you..."

Shoving him back down, she said, "Yeah, I know. You don't need me. You'll kill me. I got it." She quickly ran around the room gathering the things she needed, and then sat down hard next to Eric. "Don't move." Her eyes met his. They were calm, like the sea after a storm. She moved quickly, cutting open the flesh that had healed, using the supplies she had to extract the bullet from his body. Eric winced, gritting his teeth as she worked. Natalia didn't look at his face, but she could see his skin was glistening with sweat and his fingers turning white, gripping the carpet hard.

She spoke while she worked, not expecting him to be coherent enough to remember anything, "So, every woman you've loved has died, either by your hand or because of you. No wonder why you're so f**ked up. And alone." She shook her head, as she worked the bullet to the surface of his skin. "Angels are loners to start with, but add in the stuff that happened to you and no wonder you're the way you are." She eased the bullet out, wiping away the blood with the hem of her shirt. The rag she'd torn from him was soaking wet, unable to hold another drop. His eyes closed when the metal was taken from his gut. His hands were still balled into fists, his muscles tense. Natalia, tore the hem of her shirt off, pressing it to his stomach as it healed. "And the Masterson family was always strict, like the Portelli family. Simone Portelli kind of looked like me. She had the same dark hair and blue eyes."

Eric's eyelids peeled open. He stared at her as she spoke. Continuing, she asked, "What do they do to angels when they fall?"

"They're hunted down," his gaze didn't waiver. "Destroyed."

Her heart was pounding. This was the information she wanted. After years of searching, she'd know why her mother was needlessly slaughtered. "Why?"

Memories plagued Eric, stinging him like a swarm of bees. He looked away, lips parted with his hand on his gut. "When an angel falls, they retain some of their power. They still have angel blood flowing through their veins, and that's dangerous. Simone fell in love with a mortal. That kind of relationship was always forbidden and she knew it. It was only a matter of time." Eric didn't know why she was asking him this, but he recognized the need in her voice. It was more than a question to her, but he was too out of it to realize where this conversation was going.

Natalia nodded. "You've always been a bit of an assassin then?"

He arched an eyebrow at her, not speaking. His recent activities weren't yet logged in his book and he wondered if she knew what he was up to.

She swallowed hard and said, "There were more assassinations tonight. More leaders killed. The President was among them. His men managed to fire a shot before the killer fled-a single shot to the stomach. A lethal shot." Her eyes were soft, softer than they should have been. "Any other assassin would have died, but not you. So tell me, Eric-what are you doing killing off world leaders?"

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

He stared up at her, his mouth hanging open. She figured out what he was doing, at least in part. Natalia wiped the blood off her hands, but held onto the scissors. Her eyes narrowed when she looked up at him. Eric's gut was still burning like it was on fire, but he recognized that something changed. Natalia wasn't afraid of him. She never was. Whatever he had mistaken for fear was long gone.

"Taunting someone," he answered.

Natalia's stance was different. She held the scissors like she was thinking about something, like she wanted to act but was containing herself. Eric had been suspicious of her since he'd seen her in Carina's. Her presence there didn't make any sense. Her hostility now left him baffled.

Tapping the sheers in her palm, she tilted her head. "Who?" Natalia wanted to take her chance, but she needed to know what Eric set into motion. It wasn't just maneuvering one piece of a chess board. His actions tonight set off a string of events, each one spurring another. The assassinations weren't the heart of this and she wondered what was.

There was something that she said that Eric's mind wouldn't gloss over. It was a thought that didn't belong, mixed in amongst the rest. Eric didn't answer her question. Instead, he asked, "You said that angels are loners." She nodded, not thinking anything of it. His brow arched, surprised. He expected her to deny it or create some reason for saying something so random, but she didn't. That was the problem. That was the part that didn't mesh.

Eric maintained his cool facade, "That's true. Angels are loners, and I'm wondering how you could possibly know that because there was no mention of that little detail in my book." His words fell out of the air like stones. Natalia's icy eyes rested on his, the scissor gripped tightly in her palm.

She smiled coyly, "No, it wasn't, was it? That book contained almost everything I wanted, but there were parts missing. It was very nice for you to give it to me, like we're friends or something more. Trying to warn me away from you," she laughed coldly, "as if that could help."

The tension in Eric's body increased. His eyes locked on hers, his heart forcing more blood into his body like he was ready to fight. She played him. All this time he was trying to protect her and she played him. Anger flashed through him, but he hid it from her. He didn't want her to know the effect she had on him, how much he grew to adore her.

Eric breathed, "Who are you?"

She shrugged in a girly way, "Someone that you hunted down, and missed." Her lips pulled into a deadly smile. Natalia was confident now; her eyes flashing with an emotion Eric knew too well-vengeance.

There were so many memories, so many people he destroyed over so many years. His life was such a mess of killings that he didn't know why he would have hunted her or when. "Tell me what you are, or I'll... "

"Or you'll what?" she demanded. "You think you can overpower me? You think you know what I'm capable of? Poor sweet little Natalia," she mocked. "I'm not what I seem." Her voice was cold. As she spoke she rose and pointed the silver sheers directly at Eric's heart.

He knew better than to smile at her, "So you've said. Over and over again."

"And so you've failed to listen. Over and over again."

Eric was on his feet, standing opposite her. "That can't kill me." What was she doing? If she knew who he was, what he was, she knew that those scissors couldn't kill him. His eyes were turning to pools of gold, heating, watching her. Knowing that she wanted to hurt him made something come to life inside of him. Her body moved the way Eric taught her, the way a predator moves to kill.

"But I can sure have fun trying." She arched a dark brow at him and grinned. "The scissor is to pin you to the wall while I drain your life away. Will the curse let you die? Or will I just have an eternity of fun tormenting you for what you did to me? Nobody knows, Eric. And according to your little notes, you can be killed. That's what you're doing, isn't it? You're taunting the blue ghost, hoping she'll destroy what cannot be destroyed."

Natalia's sex appeal just shot through the roof. He couldn't help it. This side of her, this part of her that was dormant for the past few years excited him-as stupid as that was, he couldn't deny it. The two stood opposite each other, arms outstretched, ready to fight. He moved slowly, carefully, waiting and watching for an opening, knowing she was doing the same. Her body was corded tightly, her thin frame ready to pounce as soon as she saw where to strike.

Eric grinned, taunting her, "As sexy as that is, I'd like to know why you want to kill me."

The corner of her mouth lifted. It wasn't a smile. It wasn't a smirk. It was the face of a woman with a secret. Natalia knew something Eric didn't. "You missed a few things, Eric."

"Obviously," he replied far too light-hearted for the situation he was in.

The tension was building, each of them moving slowly, turning in deliberate circles. Natalia wanted to thrust the metal through his shoulder and pin him to the wall. A single kiss would have killed him, if he wasn't cursed. Now she didn't know what would happen. But she had to find out. This was the moment she waited for.

When Eric materialized and fell on the floor of her room, she faltered. She wanted more information, as was her nature, but she should have done it then-when he was weak. She patched him up to confirm what she already knew, what her heart wanted to deny. She wasn't like him. Natalia would never be like him. Her kills were revenge. There was always a reason, and Eric had more reasons for her to destroy him than he realized.

Eric was growing stronger. She could sense it as they circled each other. Though Natalia didn't think he could overpower her, she was concerned. All this time, she played the helpless victim, but not anymore. Her blood made her strong. Her abilities made her deadly. It took her too many years to find him. For most of her life, she'd been searching for an angel, but Eric was far from angelic now. Being condemned to this fate confused her at first. But in the past few weeks things came together. And the book strung his story together like a row of pearls ready to be crushed.

"Tell me," she asked, "was your sadistic need for pain always there?" Her eyes were like ice and her voice was even colder.

"No," he whispered. Eric didn't elaborate. Watching her feet, her hands, he evaluated the way she moved. Eric needed to strike first and pull those damn scissors out of her hands. While he didn't think she could kill him, getting stabbed and tormented would severely fuck-up the rest of his plans. And whatever was going on with Natalia, he didn't want her around when it happened. Every time he thought he saw an opening, she closed it.

Eric tried talking, hoping to push her mind off balance. "So, do you always lie when people ask you if you're mortal? Does telling people that you're a real girl get you off or something?"

She snorted a rush of air through her nose, "I am a real girl."

"But you're not mortal. There's something else... something more." Her eyes flashed, widening slightly, telling him that he was right. "You're a half-breed. An abomination. A perversion of something once good. Oh my God," he breathed looking at her, watching her dark hair fall over her shoulder. Her stance, those incredible pale blue eyes, the shape of her face, the way her curves flowed and melted together... it was all familiar. He'd done this before, a very long time ago, but that fight ended and Eric was the only one who walked away. "I know who you are."

Natalia nearly choked. He was lying. She retorted, "Impossible. No one knew about me. I was unknown and I intend to keep things that way." Her throat was tight as she stepped one foot over the other. Eric's left hand was dropping lower and lower. His stance was becoming more closed, but that spot was nearly open. It would be a vulnerable point that she could stab, if his arm dropped a fraction more. Natalia wondered if he realized it, if he was luring her to strike at that spot.

"No you weren't," Eric said with a smirk on his lips. "Who do you think hid you?"

Natalia snapped. Time froze and she heard nothing. Her eyes locked onto Eric's face, as he spewed lies meant to throw her off-kilter. She saw the opening and she took it. Launching her body toward him, she moved the scissor at his left flank. It connected and she slammed him into the wall. It would only take a second to trap him. Then she could see if her powers extinguished his life or if she'd only get to torture him for eternity. She hoped he could die. She wanted to feel his body die beneath hers. After all the years of searching, she'd finally have her revenge.

Eric screamed when the sheers pierced his side. Natalia was strong. He couldn't believe he didn't see it before now, but she was a creature that wasn't supposed to exist. He knew nothing of her power, of her capabilities. He felt the metal twist in his side as Natalia shoved the handle deeper into him. He called shadows quickly, saying incantations to throw her off, but they didn't work.

She laughed in his face, "It's funny how things work. I cancel you out. You're magic is dead, Masterson, just like you'll be in a moment." She leaned in close to him, about to press her lips to his. Blood flowed down Eric's side, the muscles screaming, protesting the steel that was lodged in his gut.

"You're a succubus?" he whispered, no longer fighting her. If she could destroy him, he wanted her to try. The heat in his eyes began to waiver, making Natalia's rage falter.

"Something like that. A creature that shouldn't exist-like you." She spit the words at him. "Tell me," she said, twisting the sheers in his side. Eric gritted his teeth as she did it, his eyes shut tight. Natalia could feel his blood on her hand, but she didn't care. Demon blood didn't affect her the way it did other immortals. "How have you avoided the angelic assassins so long? How is that they killed my mother, but they left you alone?"

It was the only explanation. Eric had to be evading them somehow. They both knew that fallen angels were executed, and technically Eric had fallen. She didn't understand how he survived so long. No one knew that she existed, but she still lived in fear of the assassins finding her. She had to know how he did it. Desperation filled every inch of her body, making her shake.

For the first twenty years of her life, she had no idea what she was. She aged until she was about nineteen years old, and then stopped. Her body didn't grow taller, her h*ps didn't fill out, and wrinkles didn't mar her smooth skin. While her family aged and died, she remained young and vibrant. She was nearly as old as Eric was, and alone just as long.

Sweat coated Eric's brow. His voice was raspy, breathless, "I slaughtered them. To protect you." Sweat clung to his brow, his golden eyes downcast.

"What?" Natalia's grip on the scissor loosened. She gripped Eric's face, smearing blood on his cheek, making him look at her. Before she could speak, Eric shocked her.

"Kiss me. See if you can take my life and end this," his eyes were intense, searching her face.

"Don't play with me, Eric. Where are the rest of the assassins?" Grabbing his throat, she shook him once, hard.

Pain shot through his body when he slammed back into the wall. He groaned loudly, biting back the pain through gritted teeth. While she removed her hand from the metal, she hadn't taken it out. The blade pushed through his back, cutting inside him.

"Dead," he growled. "I don't play games, and neither should you. Finish your threat. Forget everything else. I won't fight back." He tipped his head back, looking up at the dark ceiling in her room. "Destroy me. Do what I haven't been able to." His chest swelled as he breathed, and Eric groaned, pressing his eyes closed.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Natalia didn't know what to do. She wasn't sure if she believed him. She spent her entire life hiding from beings that didn't exist? He killed them? For her? That just pissed her off more. She shook him once, lightly, to get him to open his eyes. A pool of blood had formed under his hips.

"Why?" she snapped, "Why hide Simone's baby? Why would you possibly kill your own kind?"

His golden gaze was soft, like he knew he was damned from the beginning. "You were innocent. Your mother's death, her assassination, is the only one that I regret. It was the best I could do at the time. I wasn't old enough or strong enough to fight them off. I couldn't save Simone, but I could save her daughter."

Natalia's insides were churning, her hands shaking as she held him in place, but he didn't fight back. She remained rigid, ready for his attack, but it didn't come. "Why is that missing from the book?"

Eric's head was spinning. The girl was doing something to him. Just touching him seemed to drain him. His legs felt like lead. They gave out and the only thing holding him up was Natalia-the weight of her body leaning against him, and the scissor in his side.

Eric breathed, "Because it's not something that I'd forget."

She felt his legs give way. Eric wouldn't heal as long as she continued to use her power to prevent his demon blood from working. Eric should die slowly, painfully. She could strip away his soul piece by piece, but the more he spoke the more she saw the boy who saved her. The center of her body felt like it was being torn in half. Part of her wanted to save him and the other part needed vengeance. It was a craving that she'd had for so long. How could she stop? How could she come this far and let him live? Her body shook as she stepped back, allowing him to slide to the floor-Eric's back leaving a bloody smear on the wall. She reached for the wound and extracted the sheers. Eric screamed and she smiled, not able to hide what his pain did to her.

Gasping, he opened his eyes, looking at her. A satisfied smile twisted her lips. He had to get her out of here. His plan was already in action. It was only a matter of time, but he couldn't stop himself from asking, "That's why you were at Carina's?" She nodded. Natalia was there because, like him, she needed to be. He gasped, pushing his hand over the wound, "What the hell are you?"

She breathed deeply, her eyes piercing his, "An Ori. Half mortal, half fallen angel. You know what that means... you know what I need to survive."

He did know. His eyes were focusing better, the wound healing rapidly. "Ori are supposed to be mythical."

She shrugged, "So are you. So is the Omen. So am I. I think it's time to get over what's supposed to be fake and what's not." She was an Ori, the child of a fallen angel that had the power to drain away one's life force. She fed off if it the same way that Valefar feed off souls. She could drain a patron at Carina's without killing them. That's how she sustained herself.

Eric's head was spinning. Natalia was an Ori? A mythical creature. He shook his head. It was insane. She'd been hunting him all this time, posing as a helpless girl. Natalia was anything but helpless. When she mentioned the Omen, he flinched. That thing was death. Only a few years ago, he was the one who protested the existence of the Omen, and now he was talking to an Ori.

"You've seen the Omen?" he asked.

She laughed, "You still don't understand, do you? Do you know why Simone Portelli was condemned? What made her fall?"

Eric's mind couldn't grasp it. What was he missing? The only thing he could think of was that she was dually screwed. He liked her, so his curse would kill her, and she'd crossed paths with the Omen, which also had the same effect. That was a signed death certificate in his mind.

Before he could think about anything else, the hairs on the back of his neck began to prickle. Gritting his teeth, he pulled himself to his feet. "They're here. Run. Go." Eric had been masking his location from Ivy, hiding himself from the other Valefar. It wasn't difficult, but when Natalia stabbed him, he lost the spell. It slipped away and revealed him.

Natalia shook her head, not sensing what he felt. Before she could even open her mouth, Valefar swarmed the house like roaches. Natalia never had a chance to run. Eric tried to effonate, but he was too weak. The Valefar grabbed hold of Natalia. She fought, but there were too many of them. They pinned her arms, and legs, pulling her hair.

Mandor stepped into the room. Seeing Eric and Natalia together, he smiled. "This makes things more interesting. You had an accomplice." He walked over to the girl, sliding his hand down her throat, drifting his fingers across her chest. Natalia bucked, kicking off the Valefar holding her, but another promptly grabbed hold of her arms. "Bring her. She can die in the pit with him."

They two of them were dragged, kicking and screaming into the street. Eric's heart felt like it was going to explode. Regret surged through him. Natalia kept breaking free, but didn't stay that way for long. Before they were outside, they bound her wrists and ankles with duct tape. She screamed for him to help, but Eric was too weak. She'd drained his energy and his body was slow to heal. He wasn't strong enough to do anything, and now Ivy was demanding his presence. It was time to pay for what he'd done. There was no going backwards.

Mandor dragged the two of them to the street and the Valefar backed away. Natalia's heart was surging. It felt like her ribs would crack. She screamed, demanding, "Tell me what's happening!" but Eric didn't speak. Panic filled her body. She'd made Eric weak so he couldn't fight them off. The two of them together probably could have managed to fight together and get away, but what she did to him-that would take days to recover from. Tears stung her eyes as fury filled her body. Things were not ending like this! She was going to be killed with Eric, and in the back of her mind, she knew what that meant. What she'd seen. Her blood ran cold as she glanced at him.

Eric looked over at her. The expression in his eyes said he knew what was coming. Her stomach twisted. With a weakened voice he said, "I'm sorry, Natalia."

She glared at him. "What did you do? What is this?" she screamed. They were surrounded by Valefar, but not one came within ten feet of them. They were tossed into the street like it was an altar, and that's what scared her he most. Something was coming for them.

"I pissed off the Queen of the Underworld. On purpose." That was it. That was his plan. Taunt Ivy until she couldn't ignore him anymore. Violate every treaty, every accord between the angels and the demons to force Ivy to destroy him. He ensnared Ivy so that she had to act. This was her action. The street below them seemed to melt and morph. Natalia screamed as an icy hand, made of Underworld shadows, started to wrap around her and Eric.

"Eric," she breathed, fear coursing through her veins as a sickening sensation spread through her stomach. The shadows laced inside of her body, weaving through her lungs, pressing the air out and making it impossible to breathe.

The fear wafting off of Natalia slammed into Eric like a wave. Glancing over at her, he said, "You're finally afraid when you should be." He watched her as the shadows wrapped around her body, covering her fully. Her eyes grew wide as it crossed over her mouth and pulled her into the ground. She disappeared from sight. "I'm sorry, Nat. So sorry."

Mandor watched from the sidelines, staying far enough away to not get pulled in. His dark eyes pierced Eric's arrogant gaze, as Eric was swallowed by the earth. His body was being crushed from all sides, burning like it was on fire, as he was pulled through the earth and below. When he emerged in the Underworld, Eric gasped, drawing in lungs full of dank air. The darkness surrounded him, but he knew it wouldn't be dark for long. He was in the Underworld, but he didn't know exactly where.

Pushing himself off the ground, he rose to his feet. "Natalia?" he called, but there was no answer. He understood her rage, her fear. He wanted to spend more time with her, now more than ever. She was an Ori! How could he be so blind? The entire time she was with him, she was spying on him, plotting his death. A death she couldn't deliver. A death that she predicted would spill more blood than all the wars combined.

"Eric."

That voice pierced his heart and he froze, his body becoming rigid. Ivy stood behind him, saying his name, demanding he turn and face her. This wasn't the way things were supposed to go. Ivy was supposed to destroy him and him alone. But Natalia was here somewhere. There was no way to save her. Ivy would condemn them together. The one act of kindness that Eric managed to achieve bit him on the ass. The baby he saved was Natalia. She grew up alone and unwanted, and the girl was as deranged as he was. And now she got sucked into hell with him. Fuck. There was no way to save her. He turned slowly, his gaze lowered.

Ivy stood before him, her ethereal form glowing pale blue like the center of a flame. A gown billowed around her ankles, sheer, not hiding her figure from him. He noticed it, but the significance didn't register. As he lifted his eyes, he saw that the Grecian dress formed a tight, sheer bodice. She looked exactly the way he remembered.

Her eyes glowed fiercely, anger turning to rage, "How could you? After I gave them my word? After the Accords? Eric, how could you!" Her voice bellowed off the walls. T'Gar and several other demons surrounded him making sure he didn't try to run. Natalia remained hidden, unseen.

He straightened and looked at her. "I had to." His voice was weak, his gaze filled with sorrow. The haunted features that made Ivy drawn to him only filled her with fury. He couldn't tell her what he did or why. He didn't need her compassion. Not anymore. He did everything within his power to evoke her wrath, and this was it.

Ivy's hands were clenched at her sides. She stepped toward him, knowing that she couldn't touch him. She wanted to slap him and hug him. There was nothing she could do to save him. Tears would have streaked her face if she was mortal, but she wasn't.

She spoke, her heart ripping apart with each word, "There's no way around this. There's nothing I can do to protect you, and if I don't destroy you, Eric, it'll start another war. Surely you knew... you knew this! And you did it anyway!"

Her voice made him die inside. He caused her pain that he could never undo. This was the cruelty he didn't want to bestow, but there was no other way. She always looked at him with hope, like someday, somehow, something would save him, but there was nothing. He knew that now, even if she didn't. This was necessary. It was the only way to stop him, to end him before he became something worse.

His voice was cold, "You knew all along that this day would come."

Eyes wide, Ivy yelled, "You forced it! There was no way to know what would have happened, what would have become of you. You are what you choose to be, and you chose wrong!" Her slender finger was thrust into his face as she screamed. Fury shook her small body, her hair glowing like flames trailing down her back.

"No!" he growled, looking her in the eye, leaning closer to her face. "You're wrong! You always have been! There is nothing, no reason to spare me. I killed without mercy. I assassinated angels, Martis, and men without remorse. If you fail to kill me now, it won't end!"

"Shut up, Eric! You're wrong! You always have been!" Her eyes were glistening, wide and furious. Her long hair draped over her shoulders in long curls. Her hands clenched, then she deliberately opened them.

Eyes wide, she asked, "How could you do this to me? After everything I went through? You were there, Eric. You saw me. One of the only reasons I was able to bear it was because you did. For centuries you bore this hideous weight of a curse that would have destroyed anyone else, but you..." her voice was becoming weaker, breaking as she spoke, "You gave me hope. You made me think I could bare it. That I could take the lot I'd been handed. It was you. Not Lorren. Not Collin. You."

Eric's voice was cold, his spine rigid. He had to do this. Breaking down would only make it more painful for her. He snapped, "I am not your strength. I never have been. All of that, everything that makes you what you are, is something that was inside of you all along." He shook his head, his voice softening though he didn't mean for it to. "I'm not like you. Everything I touch is destroyed. It predates the curse. I feel like a f**king Omen, Ivy. There's no one who's loved me and lived."

Everything he said felt like a slap in the face. After everything they'd been through together, he just threw it all away. And the words he said now, it felt as if she hadn't mattered to him at all. But she cared about him. Her lips parted, her voice soft, "I loved you, Eric. And I'm still standing."

The tension was unbearable. There was nothing she could do to save him now. The angels would demand his destruction. He knew how they thought, what they would require to abstain from another war. His death would satisfy them. It had to appear that Ivy was controlling her realm, and the appearance that she wasn't or couldn't, would make them come and take it from her.

Eric made her look weak, like a ruler who couldn't control him. He slaughtered beings from every realm and basically went on a strategic killing spree to get her to this point, to force her hand. And now she was talking about it and it felt like his skin was being ripped off. How could she say she loved him? How did she not see that her death was his fault?

He growled, pulling his hair, shaking, "You're dead, Ivy. You endured a horrific fate and I can't help but wonder if I was the one who caused it. Fuck, I know I caused it!" Eric couldn't look at her. She was his moment of peace, but she chose someone else. He was destined to become the man painted on Natalia's wall. There was only one way to stop him. "The time for words is over." He breathed deeply, and looked her in the eye. "There's nothing else to say. We both know what has to happen."

Ivy's expression was unreadable. His heart was slamming into his ribs, wondering if she could destroy him. He stood before her, spine straight, as her lips moved, silently saying a spell that would end his life. Streaks of blue formed before his eyes, power that flowed from Ivy into the darkness. It twisted together as she spoke, softly, so softly. Her voice was hollow, her gaze vacant. He knew it was killing her to say it, to watch her power destroy him, but he'd left her no choice.

A wall of blue flames surrounded him, growing hotter and hotter. He felt his body tremble, suddenly unable to stand, and fell to his knees. Gasping for air, he remained on all fours, unable to lift his head. It felt like he was being torn apart, cell by cell. He didn't know what incantation she'd said, but it was working. He could feel it. His life was being sucked out of him, slowly, strand by strand. His lungs burned and didn't want to fill. When he took a breath, it felt like sand poured down his throat. Gagging, he fell forward, his hair falling into his eyes. His body heaved, but nothing happened. Not seeing, not blinking, Eric lay prone, staring into space. The blue flames whipped through his hair like an ethereal wind.

Ivy's lips continued to move, drawing more power and forcing it onto her friend. Eric's skin turned translucent as if he were about to disappear. Ivy felt dead inside. She was dead. This couldn't be happening, but there was no alternative. Eric knew what he was doing. He knew it would result in war if she failed to act, and she couldn't allow that. The time for war was over. One rogue assassin shouldn't matter, but he mattered to her. She felt another presence, a life that accompanied Eric into the Underworld. Ivy saw the girl in the shadows, waiting for her to move, before she completed the spell. As the blue flames appeared to extinguish his life, Ivy waited. The girl would act. She could see it in her stance. A jealous vengeance would force her to act.

Natalia had been watching from the shadows. She was never certain which Eric was the real Eric. He was always so bipolar, wanting her near, but pushing her away. And all this time, she only followed him knowing she'd destroy him and the rest of the assassins. All this time, she thought she was alone. She thought there was no one like her. No one who understood. The only being that had any inclination of what she goes through on a daily basis was being forced to his knees and dying. Natalia watched, torn. Part of her wanted him to suffer. There were years she didn't know what she was, didn't know to hide it. It cost her more than she could bear, and destroying him had become her lifelong goal. But now that he was fading, she couldn't. Something snapped inside of her. She knew Ivy was stronger than she was. She knew that blue flame was draining his life, ending it grain by grain, retracting something that was supposed to be hers.

Natalia was aware of some of her abilities. She knew that draining someone gave her additional power. It could shield her from death. The question was, did she have enough power to shield them both from that? She watched the blue flames destroying Eric and couldn't sit there anymore. He was hers. Natalia took off at a full run, headed directly for Eric. He didn't see her coming. No one did. The demons that were there were few, the Queen's servants, and their eyes were on the man dying on the ground. Eric's eyes were closed, his chest barely moving. By the time she got to him, it could be too late. Her long lean legs practically flew, each step bounding off the ground like she'd taken three strides. She felt the power drain from her with each step. The demons saw her run, and moved to intercept her, but Natalia passed effortlessly over them and bounded to Eric. Leaping over the blue flames, she crouched over Eric, trying to protect him.

Ivy saw Natalia run into the circle, and completed the spell. The girl arched her back and a scream ripped from her lips. Blue sparks were flying through the cavern. Natalia scooped up a lifeless Eric in her arms, and turned trying to find a way out. Eric didn't move. He didn't speak or open his eyes. It was the way Ivy wanted it. It appeared that he died, a spell of false death. She'd deal with him later.

Natalia screamed when the sparks bounced off of her. The Queen's magic was stronger than her own. There was no way to stop the spell that was encasing Eric, and now it trapped her, too. When Natalia scooped up Eric's lifeless body, she was worried that this might be for nothing. He was so pale, his beautiful body perfectly still. Angering the Demon Queen and alerting the Underworld of her presence wasn't something she wanted, but Eric was hers. Any torment he deserved should come from her hand, and yet, part of her wanted him. The conflict would have torn her apart if the searing pain wasn't splattering off of Natalia like raindrops. When the blue sparks hit her skin, torment ensued. There were no words to describe it. Her spine arched with Eric in her arms. Stumbling forward, she could feel her body weakening, dying. It was too late. Natalia could no longer support her own weight. The spell pulled them both to the ground. Eric fell, motionless at her side. Tears welled in her eyes. If she had everything to do over again, oh, God... she'd made a mistake. An unforgivable mistake. And now it was too late.

Ivy held the spell, sealing it and holding both of them prisoner within the charm. The pain that ricocheted though Natalia's body wasn't something that Ivy could control. It was coming from Eric. Ivy wasn't certain how she knew that, she could just sense it. The manifestation of the agony Eric felt every day poured from him and interacted with her spell. It was as if the curse was confused, accepting Eric's false death, but refusing to leave his body. Instead, the curse arched, showering them with blue sparks as it barreled into Ivy's spell.

Regret coursed through her. Ivy didn't want this. It was bad enough that Eric had to be treated this way, that he forced her to do this-but this girl. Who was she? Who was crazy enough to follow Eric into the Underworld? And then she threw herself into the spell. It was a desperate act, an action to protect him. Ivy knew the severity of Eric's agony, of the pain that coursed through him. But this girl didn't. If Ivy held the spell much longer, it would destroy her.

Natalia slumped, her head was too heavy to hold. Out of the corner of her eye she could see Eric. The sparks were killing her, at least she thought that was what was happening. Why else would she feel like this. Her body had withstood pain before, but it was nothing like this. This torment was soul-twisting, relentless agony. It never ceased. With each spark of light, Natalia thought she'd die. She glanced at Eric once more, thinking she failed, and then the world went black.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

Collin stood next to Ivy, at the edge of the water. The Pool of Lost Souls spread behind him like an endless lake of pure blue. He slid his hand onto her shoulder. When Ivy turned to look at him her eyes said everything. Every ounce of betrayal, every drop of remorse was visible in her gaze.

Collin hated Eric when he was alive, but this-whatever this was-was something beyond hideous. Even for Eric. He shook his head, pulling her closer, trying to comfort her, "There has to be a reason for it. He wouldn't do this to you."

Ivy felt Collin's hands on her, holding her chilled body tightly to his. Collin was like her, a soul with no body. But it didn't matter how alike they were, he didn't understand her relationship with Eric. At times, neither did she.

Tears flooded her eyes, but they would not fall. Souls cannot shed them. "But he did. And that girl-what was that? Did he plan that? Did he drag her down here with him? It seems like he wanted me to destroy him. He did everything to provoke me into destroying him." She shook her head sadly. She couldn't destroy them. It just appeared that she had and now she didn't know what to do.

T'gar approached her, "My Queen," he begged, awaiting her command. The demon was covered in black scales, his back hunched making his body bend in a permanent bow. T'gar's voice sounded like he was drowning in tar. The demonic inflections that hurt her ears at one time, sounded normal now.

She released Collin and turned to face the demon. Her voice was firm, powerful, "Send word to their messenger that it was done. Eric Masterson is no more."

The demon bowed, his head touching the ground. When he rose there were grains of sand between his eyes. "It will be done as you command." He bowed again, and withdrew.

Ivy waved her hand in a broad arch, telling the rest of her demonic court to leave. The signal was one of power. A small pulsating vibration shook the Pool and the sands surrounding it. The demons that tended to her left and Ivy was alone with Collin.

She turned back to him, her eyes wide with worry. "What happens when they find out? Or if they require proof?" She just lied to the Archangel. They had suspected her of deception from the beginning, but until this day, Ivy had never misled them. The thought made her feel sick, but she couldn't destroy Eric. There were only two people she cared about who were still around, and Eric was one of them. She didn't want to kill him. She didn't want to try.

"Where are they?" Collin asked. Before now, he didn't ask her. He hadn't been sure what she would do. Ivy had tried to be a fair Queen, but this was beyond her. Eric ripped open her heart, but she couldn't strike him down.

"I trapped them in a cell below the Lorren. Eric can't effonate out. I placed charms on the prison that will drain his power, and the girl's-assuming she's like him. There's no way out." She looked up at Collin, "What am I supposed to do? The Accords were broken, and I lied to them. They'll want more than Eric's head if they find out... " Ivy's hands were at her throat. Although she wasn't human anymore, it still worried her. She could be destroyed. Kreturus was ended. She could be as well. Collin pulled her tightly in his arms, kissing the top of her head.

"Then we make certain that they don't find out." Collin was silent for a moment. He didn't ask Ivy what she planned on doing with him, and until then she hadn't spoken about it. The idea of justice seemed cruel at times. Ivy didn't deserve this, but she bore it with strength and compassion. After a moment, he asked, "Eric didn't notice, did he?"

She shook her head. "I tried to get him to come several times, but he wouldn't." She touched her dress, feeling the lightness against her fingertips-the dress that she wasn't supposed to have. It didn't conceal her body entirely, but it meant something, something she needed him to discuss, but he wouldn't come. "He doesn't know the curse is malleable... that it can be changed. Whatever compelled him to do this was for nothing. And now, he's condemned himself, and taken that girl down with him."

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

The sound of dripping water echoed through her head. Natalia's temples were pounding like she'd... She didn't finish the thought. Her eyes shot open and she stared at the ceiling. It was made of solid gold vines. The walls were dark as ink with no texture, no shape. Her eyes shifted side to side. It took a moment to realize that she was alive, that she was still in the same form. The Demon Queen didn't kill her. She was alive-and trapped. Natalia sat up slowly, rubbing her throbbing head. That spell was wicked. It seemed to suck the life out of her, but she didn't die. Natalia wasn't sure what Ivy had done. Maybe it meant that she couldn't be killed. She was blood of the Omen, and that thing was around much longer than she was. Maybe that was why she locked her down here. Maybe she knew what she was-an Ori. The gold encrusted vines made her think that she was below the Lorren. The inky walls reminded her of the River of Night that flowed deep below the Underworld. There were drawings of it in Eric's book. It marked a place in the Underworld that he never wanted to go, ever again. His drawings brushed her mind, and she could almost hear his voice again. Natalia could hear his words, warning her not to touch the flowing inky substance that surrounded her, it would trap her within it like a fly frozen inside an ice cube. Although the river appeared fluid, and moved, it wasn't.

Eric. Her heart plummeted. She wasn't able to save him. She held him in her arms, but her power wasn't enough. Natalia couldn't overpower the Queen. She couldn't save him. Before she could consider how she felt about that, a moan came from the other side of the chamber. Natalia's heart raced. She sat up quickly, instantly regretting it. Crawling, she dragged her weakened body toward the sound. Reaching through the darkness, she could see him-Eric. He was lying on his side, his golden hair hanging over his eyes. Her fingers pushed back his soft hair. His face was contorted like he was in pain, but it looked like he was asleep. "Eric?" she asked, trying to rouse him, but he wouldn't wake up.

When her hand touched his shoulder, an ear-piercing scream ripped out of Eric's mouth. Natalia immediately released him, but he didn't stop. His body writhed, his spine going rigid as his hands pumped into fists trying to control something that was clearly beyond him. Natalia didn't know what to do. There was no help. She didn't know what was wrong.

But Eric did. His agonizing yells echoed off the walls as he fought for control. The curse engulfed him, feeding off the years of pain, bringing forth every single sensation he ever felt. His body was corded tight, ready to break. There was only one way to ease his pain. He knew what he needed. Eric cut off his scream, his jaw locked tight. He heard a voice, a female voice and felt a soft touch. When he open his eyes, an icy blue gaze looked back him. Fear surged through the dark haired girl.

A sadistic smile spread across his lips. She was exactly what he needed.

