Angela inhaled the various forest scents and tried to steady her breathing. She knew she was insane to sneak onto the land of the most powerful werewolf in the United States. But she had no choice.

Her best friend had been taken by these animals and she planned to get her back. She didn't care what her tribe leader, Titus, said. She'd been stuck living with his coven for the past fifty years and while she normally didn't mind his Draconian rules, she'd gladly suffer the consequences to get Natalia back. If she was still alive. Who knew what those animals had done to her by now? Natalia had only been gone about a week but the animosity between vampires and werewolves went back thousands of years. It didn't matter that in a few months their two species would be signing a peace treaty. Right now nothing had been signed and her friend was fair game.

The icy wind whistled through the leaves of the giant red oak trees. Even though it was January, a lot of the foliage was still thick and would help block her scent.

She peered around the giant tree she'd been using as cover. Her eyes narrowed when she spotted the outline of a huge male by another tree about forty yards away. Even though he was in human form, she knew he was a shifter. Of the wolf variety if she scented right.

Luck was on her side since she was downwind of him. Withdrawing her gun, she glanced around the rest of the forest but didn't see or smell anything else unusual. Since his back was to her, she darted twenty yards closer until she hid behind another large tree.

She wasn't sure if she could take on a trained, warrior wolf by herself so she knew she couldn't miss this first shot. Raising her weapon, she held her breath and aimed directly for the spot below his skull.

The small puff of noise the tranquilizer dart made as it shot through her suppresser was enough for him to notice.

He stiffened but it was too late.

By the time he turned toward her, the tranq was already embedded deep in his skin. The giant shifter stumbled once, twisted in her direction then narrowed his gaze at her before he fell face-first in the dirt and grass.

Her friend Mick had been right. Those sedatives did their job fast. Unfortunately it wouldn't last long on a shifter his size. She quickly secured his hands behind his back with silver bindings, took his weapons and his radio.

If others found out about her presence, she'd know about it soon enough. She hooked the radio on her belt and tossed his guns and blades behind a nearby tree before continuing north. She'd been traveling on foot for miles so she knew it wouldn't be long until she reached her destination.

The sound of nearby male voices made her freeze in her tracks. Instead of trying to hide, she crouched down where she was. Until she figured out where the voices were coming from, she didn't want to make any sudden movements or risk anyone scenting her.

"I've been trying to get King on his radio but he won't pick up," one of them said.

Another male chuckled. "He's probably getting a piece of tail... Hey, what the..."

Crap. They'd spotted her. With her heightened night vision she could finally see the two outlines of male figures near a tree line. Judging by their stiff and alert posture, they'd seen her, too. It didn't matter that she wore all dark camouflage, blended in with her surroundings and had a much lower heat signature than they did. All they'd have to do was see something about her that didn't blend in with nature. Like her eyes. They likely looked like freaking Christmas lights to them.

She had two options. One was running. Even if she escaped it wouldn't matter. Her friend would still be captive.

She'd have to take the other option - go on the offensive.

Wordlessly she jumped from her position and sprinted at them. From what she could scent, there were only two of them and they hadn't made a move to notify anyone of her presence. Probably because they thought they could take her on their own. And maybe they could.

As she ran, they silently spread out to her right and left. Despite her keen awareness she couldn't read their expressions in the dark. Knowing she'd only be able to bring one of them down at a time, she raised her gun and fired at the one on her right.

The soft thud of the tranq hitting flesh was music to her ears.

"Oh, shit..." He hit the ground faster than the first guy.

Before she could even think about swinging her arm around to take a second shot, a heavy weight rammed into her. Damn wolves were just as fast as she was. She flew through the air and landed on her side.

All the air rushed from her lungs but she quickly jumped to her feet to square off with the werewolf. To her surprise, the male hadn't shifted form. He still wore black cargo pants and a long-sleeved black shirt.

"What are you doing on our land, little vampire?" His voice was almost mocking.

Little? Baring her teeth, she lunged at him, fist raised.

He dodged her punch but she was ready for him. She might be one of the youngest of her species but she was agile and she trained every day. As he moved his head to the left, she kicked out, high and hard.

When her booted foot made contact with the other side of his head, he grunted a string of curses. He hit the ground with a thud and she heard the unmistakable growl of the beast within him.

He'd be shifting soon. And while he did, she'd be hauling ass away from him. Werewolves were weakest when they shifted form and she knew it would give her time to run. She could stick around and try to tranq him, too, but knocking out a wolf in shifted form was a lot harder. As his body started to change form, she turned and ran.

Behind her, she heard the breaking and snapping of his bones. Her heart slammed against her ribs. Wouldn't be much longer now before she was being hunted. Her legs pumped hard and her palms dampened.

Now wasn't the time to freak out. She had to keep a level head. As she breached the clearing of trees, her heart jumped into her throat.

A brick house - a freaking mansion - lay on a giant spread of land surrounded by the forest. She didn't know how many rooms it had but the mansion had to be as big, if not bigger, than the one she lived in with thirty other vampires.

There were at least a dozen males patrolling the grounds and judging from their outlines, they were all armed to the teeth.

Flipping on the radio she'd taken, she kept the volume low. As she listened to the chatter, she realized she'd been discovered. It was only a matter of time before everyone knew of her presence. Her instinct to fight kicked in with a rush of raw rage she'd never experienced before. She might be outnumbered but she'd come this far. No turning back now.

Using one of her main advantages - lightning fast speed - she rushed toward the house. Her boots barely touched the earth as she sprinted right into the den of wolves.

The patrolling males stopped and a few uttered surprised curses but she ignored them. If she could get in the house, she could find her friend. After that...well, she hadn't exactly thought that far ahead yet.

A low, guttural growl sounded to her left. A werewolf with gleaming white teeth hurtled through the air toward her. Using all her lower body strength, she jumped high in the air. She couldn't clear the six foot beast so she used his back as a springboard and landed on the hard earth. At least she landed on both feet.

When she hit the ground, she didn't pause. Some of the werewolves ran at her in human form while others shifted to their animal form. She kept going full speed.

The growling and snapping behind her was terrifying. Blood rushed so loudly in her ears it was all she could do to try to block out those vicious sounds. She couldn't get distracted by her fear.

Just a little bit farther...

Her thigh muscles strained again as she prepared to leap. As she got closer to the brick monstrosity, she leaped through the air again and latched on to a stone balcony railing. Using all her strength she hoisted herself up and propelled over it.

Two French doors greeted her but she didn't bother trying the lock. Shielding her face, she jumped through it. Glass shattered and wood splintered everywhere but somehow she managed to stay on her feet.

Knowing the animals were close behind and that she had minimal options, she quickly scanned the bedroom. A king-size bed, and a bunch of expensive-looking furniture adorned it.

Natalia's scent was strong. As if she'd been there recently. Maybe she was still alive. Hope leaped in her chest.

Angela glanced behind her to find one of the male guards standing on the balcony. He was in human form.

His eyes were wary but he didn't hold a weapon in his hands. "I'm not going to hurt you if you'd just - "

She glared at him and reached for her weapon. As soon as she did two strong arms encircled her from behind.

Twisting and struggling she fought the viselike grip. When she felt her attacker's hard-on against the small of her back she screamed and lashed out with her foot, connecting with his instep. It didn't faze him.

"You perverted beast!" She twisted until she could see the shifter's face then froze. It was him. A thousand-year-old Alpha...her old lover. "Oh shit."

With pursed lips, Knox shook his head. "Such language," he murmured. His charcoal eyes matched his hair, adding to that whole dark and brooding thing he had going on. Everything about his features was hard, sharp...dangerous. He hadn't changed much since she'd seen him last. Especially those eyes. If she let herself, she could drown staring into them. Her throat tightened as she tried to think of a response. With him holding her so close - 

"That bitch should be strung up and punished." She turned at the sound of a new male voice.

Now three of them stood on the balcony. Damn, they were quiet. Or maybe she'd just been so focused on Knox she hadn't heard them.

He still hadn't let go and she braced herself, waiting for him to throw her to the wolves. She was a vampire after all. And she knew how much he hated her kind. It was the reason she'd left him all those years ago. It might not have been her choice to be turned from human to vampire, but she'd known Knox wouldn't care. To him, vampires were all the same. Or at least that's what he'd told her when she'd been human.

She felt his body tense. "I should punish each of you for letting an intruder through our ranks. You will all leave."

One of the youngest looking males opened his mouth and Knox growled low in his throat. "Now."

Once they'd disappeared back through the broken doors and leaped off the balcony, she clenched her fists at her sides. Her short nails dug into her skin. The pain was a perfect distraction from her fear.

Knox leaned down until his mouth was next to her ear. His breath was warm against her skin. A traitorous tingle skittered down her spine. "If I let you go will you try to run?"

She gritted her teeth, despising her physical response to him. "No." But only because it wouldn't do any good.

He paused a moment before letting her go. Quickly she put three feet between them and turned to face him. Her breathing was uneven and ragged and she hated the terror forking through her. To not be scared of him would be stupid, though.

She'd seen Knox's strength before. Had seen him rip apart a vampire trying to hurt her in seconds. With his bare hands. But she'd been human then. He'd actually cared about what happened to her and had wanted to protect her. Now...well, she was a vampire.

It had been exactly ninety years since she'd last seen him. Something she shouldn't remember, but it was hard not to. Once she'd loved this shifter with all of her being. But the moment she'd been turned into a vampire she'd known that no amount of love she had for him would make a difference. She had been turned into his mortal enemy against her will. So she'd run from him without telling him what had happened to her. She hadn't been willing to risk letting him kill her.

Knox stared at the petite vampire before him and fought to breathe. Angela Lavigne. Angel, to him. The nickname had driven her crazy for some reason. Same pale gray eyes, same midnight-black hair, much different haircut. It was shorter now, falling around her face in a messy, sexy look that he knew wasn't intentional. She'd been fighting his wolves and running for her life so it was only natural.

The moment he'd seen her on one of his security cameras running for the house he'd been floored, then had instantly gotten rock hard. The reaction was embarrassing but she'd always had that effect on him. Ninety years later, it didn't matter. He hadn't had much time to tell his pack to back down as they attempted to intercept her. Not that it had mattered.

She'd run in here like she was on a suicide mission. "It's been a long time, Angel."

Her eyes narrowed to slits. "Don't call me that. Where's Natalia?"

He was surprised by her question but he didn't move. Instead he allowed the anger he'd been holding at bay to rush through him, knowing she'd sense it. "You're here to retrieve her for your tribe leader? You're a bit young to be a death merchant." He practically spat the words.

Angela jerked back at his words. "What are you - ?"

The door to the bedroom flew open and Natalia barged in. On instinct he put himself between the tall blonde and Angela. His former lover might be smaller than the other female but after seeing her in action tonight, he wouldn't underestimate her. And Natalia was extremely young and untrained, having just been turned into a vampire less than a decade ago.

Natalia grabbed his forearm - definitely much too young to have any sort of fear of him - and stepped around him. "Don't hurt her. She's only here to protect me!"

Angela stepped closer to them but ignored him. "I don't understand, I thought you were taken by the wolves."

Natalia's face flushed a deep red as she faced her friend. She cleared her throat nervously. "I was taken but not the way you think. I, uh, fell in love with a werewolf and when I told Titus, he threatened to kill me so I ran."

Angela fell silent and it was obvious she'd had no idea her friend had left on her own. Finally she spoke. "Why didn't you tell me? I...thought we were friends." The last part was said softly and even though Knox knew she was trying to mask it, her friend's deceit had hurt her. More than Natalia realized.

"If Titus questioned you, I didn't want you to know anything. I thought keeping you in the dark was best for your safety." Natalia's voice was pleading.

Angela's eyes hardened as she turned away from Natalia. She was completely cutting her emotional ties with her friend. He could see it in her expression as clearly as if she'd taken a pair of scissors and sliced through a string. Natalia probably didn't understand it but Angela didn't give many chances to people and she had few friends. Or at least she'd been that way when she was human. He could only guess that now as a vampire some things hadn't changed. Turning from the blonde vampire, Angela focused on him, her gaze hard. "So what's my punishment? Torture? Death?"

He could think of a dozen ways to "punish" her but kept his thoughts to himself because of their audience. Without turning away from her, he spoke to her friend. "Tell everyone we have a house guest and they're to treat her with respect while she's here."

"Angela, I'm so sorry. If I'd thought you'd come after me, I would have told you." Natalia spoke quietly, desperately.

Angela wouldn't look at her. Instead she tightened her jaw and continued to glare at him as though he was to blame for all this.

Natalia paused, but eventually hurried from the room. He held out his arm to Angela and for a moment, felt as if he'd been transported back to when she was still human. Back when he'd been courting her. Before she'd turned into a vampire then run from him. She'd held on to his arm then, everywhere they'd gone. Just the feel of her fingers grazing his skin had turned him on. "You can stay in my room."

Those pale eyes of hers turned icy. She snorted and took a step back. "I don't know what kind of games you're playing but I'm not staying in your room."

"It will be daylight soon and unless you can - "

"I'm a day walker," she said quietly, as if it were no big deal. As if her kind weren't the rarest of vampires. Practically extinct.

The admission surprised him. Most day walkers kept their existence quiet, often even among their own kind. Being able to walk in the sun caused hatred and jealousy in those who couldn't. So he had no reason to keep her. Not truly. He sure as hell wasn't going to hurt her. No matter what her kind thought of him, the day he learned that Angela had been turned into one, his views of vampires had changed as well. Like a switch flipping, his entire world had shifted. Suddenly he hadn't thought of vampires as soulless monsters anymore. Not when the woman he loved had become one.

Unfortunately she'd run from him before he could tell her that their differences didn't matter. That he didn't care what she'd become. He didn't know for certain that's why she'd left, but it was better than the idea she'd run off with a vamp over him. A little over fifty years ago he'd hunted her to Alaska but then he'd lost the trail. Some days he'd wondered if she was even still alive. The last thing he'd expected was for her to show up on his doorstep. Now that she was here, he wasn't letting her go. "Day walker?"

She nodded tightly. "My maker was one so..." Her shoulders lifted in what he was sure she meant to be a casual shrug, but it came off jerky and unsteady.

He had so many questions for her, but he kept them to himself. By law, he could keep her as long as he wanted. She'd trespassed and gone against both their species' laws.

"You will stay in my room - "

"No way, you freaking animal!"

Knowing she was baiting him, he took a deep breath. "Unless you wish me to lock you in our dungeon with the feral wolves waiting to be judged, you'll stay in my room."

She wrapped her arms around herself and shivered. Because of his tone or the threat, he wasn't sure. And he didn't care. "Fine, but don't think that means anything."

He advanced on her, partially because he needed to assert his dominance but mainly because he wanted to touch her. To run his fingers all over her. He kept going until she bumped against the edge of the bed and before she could react, he had her pinned on the mattress. She yelped as he settled on top of her, pinning her back against the soft covers. She was leaner than he remembered. Stronger. But she was soft in all the right places. Her breasts pressed against him, making it hard to breathe. "You trespassed on my land, hurt members of my pack - "

"I used tranquilizers," she hissed as she struggled against him.

" - and damaged my property. You will stay as long as I say."

"That doesn't mean I'll sleep with you." Her voice was cold, determined.

"Why not? We've done it before," he murmured.

"So what? You're going to force me?" Her voice slightly trembled.

Anger surged through him that she could actually ask that question. "I wouldn't have to force you."

Growling, she shoved at his chest. The strength behind her push shocked him to his core. Whoever had turned her must have been a powerful vampire. Considering she was a day walker, he had no doubt. Instead of moving off her, he tightened his thighs around her then leaned closer so that their noses touched. "I can smell how much you want me, Angel." And he could. It was so potent, like fresh spring rain and it nearly bowled him over. She was doing her best to hide it from him but failing miserably.

"That means nothing," she muttered.

Instead of pushing up from her, he shifted against her, letting her feel his erection. The heat and sudden burst of lust she emanated threw him off-kilter.

Taking him by surprise, she half smiled and rolled her hips against him. "Some things haven't changed, I see."

The way her soft pink lips curved up made his brain short-circuit. The abrupt change in her made him falter. Maybe she was remembering how good they'd been together. How was it that he'd been thinking about this moment for years but couldn't think of one intelligent thing to say now? He'd always been better with actions anyway. As he leaned down, her pale eyes flared with heated desire. When he cupped her face, she reached out and splayed her fingers across his chest. Yeah, talking could definitely wait.

As their lips touched, he felt a sharp jolt through his groin as she kneed him. Before he could react, she twisted and elbowed him across the face. Using her momentum, she lunged up and flipped him over until they tumbled to the ground. The thud when they landed made his teeth rattle.

"I'm not some whore and if you think you can play with me, you're wrong. I don't care if you're the Alpha of this pack or not, I'll tear you to shreds if you try to touch me." Angela's words were laced with a deadly promise.

And that turned him on more than it should have. He could easily flip her off him but he liked the feel of her body on top of his. He couldn't remember the name of the last woman he'd slept with. But he remembered everything about Angela. The way she'd willingly opened her body to him. What her tight sheath had felt like as he sank into her. How she moaned when she climaxed. "I didn't realize I'd insinuated you were a whore, Angel. I'm simply offering you hospitality even when you don't deserve it."

His inner beast roared at him to assert dominance. He was almost always in control of his inner wolf but right now his human side agreed with his animal side. Snaking his arm around her waist, he jumped up and brought her with him. Her eyes widened but he didn't give her a chance to fight before he threw her over his shoulder and jerked the door open.

Two young male pack members stood there, obviously eavesdropping. One cleared his throat as Angela pounded against his back with her fists.

"Uh, we weren't sure if you'd need backup or anything," the older of the two muttered as he averted his gaze to the floor.

Knox shook his head and easily subdued Angela's attempts to get free. "As you can see, I'm fine. Tell Alaric to meet me in my study." Without waiting for a response, he headed down the long hallway. His bedroom was on the opposite side of the house and he didn't want to put Angela on display for longer than necessary.

"Let me go, you bastard!"

He ignored her and tightened his hold. When he felt her teeth sink into his back, he flinched and shook his head. "Hellcat," he muttered, mildly annoyed.

"I changed my mind...put me in your stupid dungeon. Anything's better than being stuck with you in your room!" She wriggled against him and bit him again. Harder this time.

Gritting his teeth, he swatted her butt. That only earned him another bite. Thank God vampire bites weren't deadly to his kind.

He ignored the curious and blatantly surprised stares of the pack members milling around the house. Once he was finally inside his room he dropped her onto the big bed in an unceremonious heap.

When she scrambled to her knees and started shouting profanities at him, he headed right back for the door. A pillow hit him in the back of the head. When he turned back toward her, he had to duck a vase sailing through the air. It smashed against the wall by the door. "Make yourself comfortable, you'll be here for a while. And don't think about trying to escape. I'm putting two guards at the door and three more outside my windows. They're under strict orders to shoot you if you try to escape. With silver bullets." The last part wasn't true but he didn't want to deal with hunting her down. It would only waste time and prolong the inevitable.

Angela glanced at the antique wall pendulum clock in Knox's room and silently seethed as she saw the time. He'd left her alone almost twelve hours ago. She'd snooped through all his stuff - not that she'd found anything interesting - and dozed for a few hours. At least when she'd been looking through his stuff she'd been able to distract herself from Natalia's betrayal. Everything Angela had done tonight had been a complete waste of time. Now she was stuck under Knox's roof awaiting whatever punishment he planned to dole out and she had one less friend. It stung more than she'd admit that her friend hadn't trusted her enough to confide in her. Had Natalia really believed she'd just let her disappearance go? Angela didn't have many friends and she'd always thought herself lucky to count Natalia as one. In immortal terms ten years wasn't a particularly long time span but keeping a relationship that long had been a big deal to Angela. Obviously Natalia hadn't viewed things the same. Steeling herself against those thoughts, Angela shoved all her reflections aside and locked them up tight. Right now she needed to focus on escaping, not worry about anything else.

Once the sun had fallen she'd opened the heavy chocolate colored drapes and was now bathed in moonlight. The daylight didn't harm her but like most of her kind she preferred the night.

Unable to sit still, she stalked around the room. Each step she took, her boots sank into the thick throw rug that covered almost half the floor. With no way to contact anyone and nothing to do, she was bored and annoyed and really hungry. Her fangs ached as she simply thought about feeding. She hadn't fed in almost a week but she hadn't planned to be trapped here, either. If she'd fed before her normally scheduled time, her tribe leader would have wondered why, so she'd held off. Besides, she thought she'd just get in here, get out then have plenty of time to make it back home. She'd learned to control her bloodlust long ago but instinct was still instinct. She needed food.

Sighing, she eyed the giant California king-size bed in the middle of the room and tried to take her mind off her hunger. An antique chest probably older than her sat at the foot of the bed and the rest of his furniture was just as old, though it was all in pristine shape. The dark wood on the dresser, armoire and nightstands were all polished and shiny.

At least the room only smelled like him. Woodsy, earthy, all Knox and no one else. With her heightened senses she'd know if another female shared the room with him. Not that she should care. He could be sleeping with half his pack and it wouldn't be any of her business. Though the mere thought of him with another woman punched a giant hole in her chest.

As she sat down on the chest and tried to pick the lock again, the door handle wriggled then it flew open. Knox stood in the entryway with a scowl on his handsome face. "Miss me?" He looked stressed and tired and that only infuriated her. He had no right to look that way when she'd been cooped up like a prisoner.

She looked around for something to throw at him but came up empty so she stood and faced him warily. "Is this part of my torture? Leaving me here to die of boredom?"

Something akin to guilt flashed in his eyes. "I didn't plan to be gone so long. I thought about sending someone to check on you but wasn't sure if you'd attack them."

"Smart man," she murmured.

He stared at her for a long moment with those near black penetrating eyes. It was almost as if he could see right through her. She hated the urge she had to duck her head just to avoid the power of that gaze. Knox was obviously Alpha for a reason.

Finally he took a few more steps into the room and the air popped with something...sexual. Why was he looking at her as if he'd like to ravish her? They were natural born enemies. "Are you hungry?" His voice lowered as he spoke.

Starving. Instead of telling him, she shrugged. "I'm fine."

His gaze sharpened and he covered the distance between them lightning fast. Before she realized what he meant to do, he pulled the collar of his shirt away and bared his neck to her. "If you need to feed, take from me."

The action was so against his nature, so...submissive. She shuddered as she stared at his pulsing vein. Knowing she should keep her distance did nothing to sate her most primal side. Feeding from another supernatural was the only way to keep up her strength. But for someone like Knox to offer his blood... "What's the catch?"

He shook his head. "No catch. You're going to be here awhile and I won't allow you to feed from anyone but me. Take advantage, Angel." His voice dropped another notch, taking on an incredible sensual quality. The way he said "but me" sounded so damn possessive and she liked it a little too much.

She hated the nickname and she hated her weakness even more, but if she wanted to escape she'd need all the advantage she could get, especially if he kept her for a while. Biting her bottom lip, she stared at his neck. If he'd wanted to kill her he could have done so by now. Either by himself or by sending any of his pack in to finish her off. "You're sure?" Damn, why did her voice have to waver?

He simply nodded as he devoured her with his eyes.

Swallowing under his intense scrutiny, she slowly leaned forward. He could have offered his wrist but instead he'd given her his neck. Everything about this was so intimate. She'd never been turned on from feeding before but warmth flooded her entire body, straight to the ache between her legs. As her own heat built, something spicy and hot rolled off Knox. He wanted this as much as she did. The realization made her swallow hard.

Unable to stop herself, her fangs extended and she sank them through his flesh into his vein. Even though she tried to keep some sort of distance between them, he wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her tight against his muscled body. When he did, she reached up and cupped the other side of his neck for support. There was no way to keep herself detached from him now. Not after this.

As Angel pulled and drank from him, Knox's canines extended. The feel of her digging into his flesh didn't hurt. The opposite in fact. He felt connected to her in a way he hadn't when she'd been human. His canines throbbed with the need to mark her in the same way. The reaction was instinctual and the need to claim her was overwhelming. He'd known when they'd first met she was meant for him but now he had no doubt.

Vampire or not, she was his mate.

And he would claim her. Bite and mark her.

Offering himself to her like this was the only way he knew to put her at ease. He hadn't expected to be so turned on by the feel of her drinking from him. Though maybe he should have. The longer and harder she pulled, the closer she drew to his body, wrapping herself around him like warm silk. He'd learned to mask his scent for almost a thousand years but now he had no control over the desire rolling off him. She had to scent it. Hell, half the house probably scented it.

His need to mount her and mate with her was short-circuiting his brain and the longer she drank, the harder it was to think straight. His inner beast wanted control in the worst way.

Abruptly she stopped drinking and his entire body missed the feel of her tugging on him. When she pulled her mouth away from his neck, the only sound filling the room was their harsh breathing.

Instead of stepping back like he expected, she turned her head away and wiped her mouth. "Thank you." She wouldn't look at him even though she stayed inches from him.

No way, Angel. He wasn't letting her get away from him that easy.

He gripped her neck and jaw and forced her to face him. Her pale eyes were wide with confusion and lust and her fangs still hadn't fully retracted. Under his touch he could feel her rapid pulse beating out of control.

"I'm going to kiss you." It wasn't a question.

Mentally he prepared himself for another kick to the groin but when her bright eyes widened and her lips parted, he reacted fast. He didn't want the alluring vampire to think or overanalyze this. He simply wanted her to feel. To see how right they were together. As far as he was concerned, the past was just that. All that mattered was what happened now.

For a split second, she started to jerk back but he wasn't going to give her space. As he covered her mouth with his, he cupped her head in a dominating grip and threaded his fingers through her silky short hair. He ate hungrily at her mouth. The slightly sweet taste on her tongue lingered but mixed with something else. Something that was all her.

When her fingers dug into his shoulders and she moaned into his mouth, his hips surged forward as if they had a mind of their own. His skin felt too tight for his body and the raging need to mark her made him ache with an intensity he'd never imagined.

Her tongue rasped against his in erotic little strokes as she wrapped her other hand around his neck. Almost simultaneously, she lifted up and wrapped her legs around him, digging her booted feet into his ass. Just like it had been with them before. Things had always been so urgent, needy with them. They hadn't been able to keep their hands off one another. After their first time together, she'd been just as frantic as he was every time they were together..

Now his canines throbbed with such excruciating pain, he had to let them extend. She slightly tensed at the change but didn't tear her mouth completely away from his. Instead she writhed against him, letting her breasts rub against his chest.

Without wasting time, he moved them to the bed and had her pinned underneath him once again. This time she didn't push against him. Didn't fight him.

But before they could go any further there was something he needed to know. Right now all he wanted to do was rip her clothes from her body, but knew once he got her naked it would be over for him. Alpha or not, he was still male. Somehow he pulled his head back. "Why did you leave when you were turned?"

She blinked a few times and shook her head. "Wh...what?"

"Why'd you run from me when you were turned into a vampire?" If she'd fallen for a vampire and chosen someone else over him, he'd hunt the bastard down and kill him. Slowly. The sudden primal thought shook him but he couldn't stop the rage flowing through his veins.

Those pink lips parted in confusion. "Are you serious?"

When he didn't respond, she frowned and started to get up. He could see her internally pulling away from him.

Withdrawing.

"Forget this," she muttered.

Screw that. He didn't want to forget what they were doing. He could get his answers later. Covering her body once again, he savored the feel of her underneath him. When it was obvious he didn't plan to push her for answers, she melded to him once again. It soothed his inner wolf in a way he hadn't thought possible.

As their tongues danced, he reached back and gripped one of the legs she had wrapped around him. He wanted to feel more of her. Pulling back slightly, he sat up and unzipped one of her boots.

Even though he wanted to take his time undressing her, he wanted to see her naked more. After he stripped off her boots, he tugged her pants down with unsteady hands. A curse built on his lips at his lack of control but he held it back.

Meeting her gaze, he froze. Her eyes were no longer pale but dark and full of promises he'd been fantasizing about for years. "I want to taste you." The words tore from him just as unsteadily as his damn hands.

In response, she grasped the bottom of her top and tugged it over her head.

All the air rushed from his lungs as she bared herself to him. No bra.

His eyes tracked down her lithe body. Lean and very strong. Her arms and legs were muscular but not bulky. Different than when she'd been human. Back then she'd been softer and more delicate. But her breasts were the same...the light brown nipples hardened under his gaze. His mouth watered as he stared. He wanted to run his tongue around each areola and watch her writhe under his kisses.

But first he wanted to taste something else. Hooking his fingers under the thin straps of her plain, black underwear he tugged them down her legs and blindly tossed them away.

He couldn't tear his gaze away from the dark strip of hair covering her mound. How many times had he buried himself between her legs? How many times had she called out his name as she climaxed? Angela cleared her throat, forcing his gaze upward.

"You gonna stare all day?" Her voice was husky and sensual. And teasing. Just like he remembered.

Even though things had been intense between them, she'd always been fun and relaxed in the bedroom. Willing to try anything.

She'd trusted him once and he knew that's exactly what she was doing now by baring herself to him. He'd given her his blood and now she was giving her body. She might consider this temporary but for him...this was only the beginning for them.

Maybe Angela should feel embarrassed at her state of undress while Knox was still clothed, but she couldn't dredge up anything other than desire as he stared at her naked body. His dark eyes seemed to devour her as they raked over her face and body. When they roved over her chest, her nipples peaked almost painfully. Everything about this was so familiar but yet not. It was still new and exciting considering how many decades had passed between them. She started to scoot back but then stopped herself.

She wanted this. Even though there were many reasons to stop before this went too far, she didn't care about any of them. If he wanted to kill her, he could have done so the moment he'd captured her. When he hadn't thrown her to his men to be killed it had surprised her. Even more surprising was the fact that he'd given shelter to Natalia, another vampire. Considering how much he'd hated vampires when Angela had known him, it was hard to digest that bit of knowledge. Combined with the fact that he'd also just given her his vein - something an Alpha in his position would never do - she knew she could trust him with her body. Anything beyond that was crazy but for now she simply wanted to give in to her cravings. It had been over a decade since she'd been with anyone. She couldn't remember the name or face of her last lover and here was a man who she absolutely knew could pleasure her. Things in bed had always been incredibly hot between them and since he didn't plan to hurt her, why not take what she wanted?

"Spread your legs." His voice was deep and commanding.

Maybe she should be annoyed at his almost arrogant tone, but all she felt was a slow burning heat lap across her entire body at the absolutely dominant note in his voice. She did as he said.

"Wider," he said as he leaned lower.

For a brief moment panic set it as she started analyzing what they were doing. She began to squeeze her legs together, but lightning fast, he was between them. He pressed a gentle hand against her inner thighs and she shuddered.

Slowly he dragged a gentle finger along her slit. He moved up and down, barely touching her, but she knew he wouldn't be teasing her for long. She could see it in his dark eyes.

"You're wet," he murmured.

Angela nodded mainly because she didn't trust her voice.

"For me." Not a question.

Again she nodded.

"Say it."

Since when had he become so talkative? She didn't want words; not now.

His hand stilled and her inner walls clenched for him. "Say. It."

"You're very bossy," she murmured.

He started to move away and her heart jumped in her chest. She didn't want him to go.

"I'm wet for you. Only for you." The words tumbled out so fast she didn't have time to think about being embarrassed.

A small smile curved his normally hard lips. He continued stroking but this time he inserted a finger inside her.

His movements were slow, unhurried, and deliciously torturous. He definitely knew how to use his hands and she was thankful some things hadn't changed. She tightened around him, wishing it was more than his finger.

As he moved his finger in and out of her in a perfect rhythm, he leaned forward a fraction. "I want to kiss you here." He nodded between her legs.

"Okay." It surprised her he'd even asked.

He smiled again as he looked down at her. A small, knowing and completely intimate smile that made a strange warmth curl through her as he assessed her. "Perfect," he murmured. With the same attention he'd paid to her mouth earlier, he swept his tongue and teeth over her lower abdomen.

Knowing what was coming, her stomach muscles tensed in anticipation. He added another finger and buried them inside her. Instead of moving them, he remained still. Her inner walls clenched around him and she lifted her hips, trying to force him to stroke her.

As if he understood her frustration, he lightly chuckled against her. The action tickled her most sensitive bundle of nerves. She fisted the bedcover beneath her in an effort to ground herself.

He didn't give her the chance. Using his tongue, he parted her folds and began his assault against her pulsing clit. The teasing, flicking action was too much.

She'd been primed before he'd completely stripped her. Had known exactly what was coming. The memory of him had embedded itself deep in her psyche. After years of fantasizing about him when she touched herself, she was finally given the real thing.

For a moment she tried to control herself but gave in to the impulse and let go. Arching her back, she cried out. His name fell from her lips and as soon as it did, he growled low in his throat.

As she started to crest, he began moving his fingers again. The combination of his mouth and fingers proved too much. An explosion of colors flashed in front of her eyes for a split second as the climax rushed over her.

It hit her hard and fast. Like a rush of cool spring water it rolled over her with almost violent intensity until she collapsed against the covers.

When he raised his head a primal expression covered his sharp features. It was definitely possessive. She wasn't sure what to make of it. Wasn't even sure what it meant or what she wanted it to mean.

He opened his mouth to say something, but she'd never know what. The door flew open with a bang and panic jumped inside her. She covered her breasts and started to grab the cover underneath her in attempt to hide but Knox moved over her, blocking most of her body.

Knox whipped his head around but didn't move off Angela. He didn't want anyone seeing what was his. Alaric, his second-in-command, froze when he spotted them. His eyes widened with unabashed shock.

"This better be important," Knox growled as he tried to contain his anger. Someone better be dead or dying for an interruption like this.

Alaric snapped to attention. "We're under attack. Vampires. At least fifteen of them."

He looked back at Angela, his eyes narrowed and the accusation on the tip of his tongue. "Did you know about this?"

Angrily she shook her head. "No. I swear. But they might be here because of me. My tribe leader...wants me. If he thought I was in trouble, he might come after me."

The thought of another male trying to claim Angela made him see red. Still hiding most of her body, he turned toward Alaric. "Make sure everyone's ready. I'll meet you downstairs in a minute."

As soon as the door shut behind him, he moved off her, giving her room to breathe. And if he was honest, he needed the space. He could still smell her lust and desire.

When he faced her again, she was shaking her head at him, as if she knew what he was going to say. "No way. You are not leaving me here. I can help you. If they came for a fight, they won't play fair."

"Neither will we."

"Let me help," she pleaded. "I don't want any blood spilled on my behalf."

Either he trusted her or he didn't. Knox could see the challenge written clearly in her eyes. After what they'd just shared, he couldn't leave her behind. Knew he'd regret it if he did. Biting back a curse, he shook his head. "You stay close to me and you only get tranq guns."

"Fine," she said through gritted teeth as she began gathering her clothes.

More than anything he wanted to finish what they'd started but they obviously still had more to talk about. And with a bunch of vampires invading his land, someone was going to pay.

Angela tucked the tranq gun Knox had given her into the back of her pants. She wasn't going to use it against her own tribe members. "This whole situation is incredibly stupid," she whispered.

Knox didn't respond. Instead his jaw clenched as he maintained his immobile stance by one of the giant oak trees on his expansive lawn.

"I should just walk right out there and show Titus that I'm okay." But when she started to move from her position, his hand snaked around her waist.

He tugged her close then pinned her back against the tree. "We don't know if these are even your coven members. It could be a bunch of rogues. You. Stay. Put." His words were barely above a whisper but still had a deadly edge.

She bit her bottom lip. That was possible but not likely. The odds of a bunch of rogues showing up on his doorstep the day after she'd stormed the place...she didn't buy it. Vamps and werewolves might not like each other but unless provoked, neither side wanted a war. She shook her head. "I really don't think - "

He placed a finger on her lips then touched his ear with his free hand. Keeping still, she listened, too.

There was a slight movement from the surrounding forest. One of Knox's men had seen more than a handful of vampires on their video cameras so she guessed the vampires were a lot closer now. Without any wind tonight it was hard to scent anyone, but Angela could. Just barely.

She could always sense her own kind, even when she didn't want to. And they were nearby. She could hear the faint rustle of their movements.

Instinctively her entire body tensed. Moving to the side, she crouched next to Knox. Whatever happened next, she just hoped there was no bloodshed. Vampires and werewolves had been living in relative peace for the past decade but before that...the wars between them had been vicious. Brutal. No sane being wanted a repeat of that. If anything happened tonight, it could fracture their already tentative alliance. And with a formal peace treaty about to take place in a couple months, it could ruin everything.

Taking a chance, she peered around the tree. She could see the faint outline of eight vampires moving to the edge of the trees. Thanks to being a day walker, she had the unique ability to read heat signatures of her own kind. Unfortunately it didn't extend to other beings.

"Eight of them. At least. Six males. Two females. There will be more waiting deeper in the forest, though." She knew her tribe well enough and since Knox's second-in-command had seen fifteen on their video feed, she had no doubt there were more in hiding.

"You're sure?" Knox murmured.

"I can see their heat signatures. They're about to breach the forest line." As she eyed them, she realized they weren't alone. One of the males was dragging someone. A female maybe. She could just make out the smaller, feminine outline but she couldn't read the signature. "I think they have a hostage."

"One of us?" he growled.

She knew that not all his wolves had been accounted for but that could mean nothing. If one of his pack got hurt because of her, she'd never forgive herself. "Maybe. Maybe human. I can't tell until I get closer." They were still about seventy yards away.

As they strode past the tree line and onto the lawn, Knox stood and over a dozen of his pack emerged from the inky darkness. Some came from the direction of the house, others from the trees but it was almost as if they appeared out of nowhere. Above them the moon and a few stars illuminated the land but that was it. He'd killed all the lights in the house and surrounding area. Not that it really mattered. They all had excellent night vision.

"Stay put," Knox murmured before heading out with the rest of his pack.

She bit back a snort and waited until he was a few yards in front of her then followed.

"We have one of your she-wolves! Release our females!" A loud male voice boomed through the night air. Angela immediately recognized Titus. He rarely left the coven but he was almost as old as Knox and she knew he was just as powerful.

She couldn't let this escalate. Brushing aside the knowledge that Knox would be pissed, she used all her lower body strength and propelled herself toward her tribe members. Behind her she heard Knox curse but ignored him as she flew through the air.

Thankfully she had speed on her side.

As she slid to a halt in front of the approaching vampires she had to contain her anger at their presence. He hadn't been willing to help her before. "What are you doing here?" she directed the question to her leader.

Still holding the struggling woman by the neck, Titus's green eyes narrowed to slits. "To bring you and Natalia home."

"You know Natalia came here of her free will. She told me, you knew." She spat the words, not caring that she was disrespecting her leader.

"I didn't think you'd follow the traitor," he said quietly. There was a hint of something she'd detected from him before. Possessiveness. For her. And she hated it.

"So you're here for me, not her?"

He flicked a glance at the rest of his warriors. "We are here for you."

But they weren't. Her coven didn't give a shit about her. Most vampires were hardwired that way, usually because they'd been self-serving humans before they'd been turned. But Titus wanted to mate with her. She'd thought he'd gotten past that since she'd told him no about a hundred times.

Around them she could hear the wolves growling and growing restless but she kept her focus on Titus. She couldn't afford to be distracted. "You can see I haven't been harmed. I broke into this pack's house and they've treated me as a guest." Sort of true. She'd been trapped in Knox's room, but the more she thought about it the more she realized he wouldn't have let anyone shoot her. The possessiveness in him that she'd witnessed less than an hour ago was just as strong - if not stronger - as it had been when she'd been human. "Let the she-wolf go and I'll go with you."

Behind her she heard Knox growl low in his throat. He placed a hand on her shoulder and when he did, Titus's eyes narrowed even more dangerously.

"You're not going anywhere, Angel." Knox said her nickname seductively and no doubt intentionally to piss off her leader.

Ignoring him, she stared at Titus. "I am not a prisoner. Please let her go. This has gone too far. You can see I'm unharmed. Anything you do against this pack now will be an act of war." Her heart pounded wildly as she watched his hand tighten on the woman's throat. All he'd have to do was extend his claws and rip her throat out. If her people shed the first blood tonight, it wouldn't end here. A new war would erupt and she didn't think either of their kind could stand that type of staggering loss. They were dwindling in numbers as it was.

"I'll let her go if the wolf fights me...for you." His voice was full of pride and she realized this wasn't about her. He'd come to get her, sure. But this was about saving face in front of their warriors.

"This is stupid. I'm not anyone's to fight - "

"Deal," Knox said behind her. Before she could respond, he grabbed her around the waist and pulled her back tight against him.

Angry at his response, she looked up at him and started to protest but he crushed his mouth over hers. The kiss wasn't light or sweet but hard and claiming. Anyone watching would recognize that he meant to mark her as his. She felt his possession straight to her toes and he wasn't even bothering to hide his scent of desire. It was potent and as overwhelming as the man himself, wrapping around her like a shroud.

And she didn't fight him. When a moan started to build in her throat, he abruptly broke their connection and thrust her into Alaric's arms. "Keep her by your side." His voice was rough and uneven.

She wanted to try to stop him but was too numb to move. A fight between two leaders usually meant one thing. They wouldn't stop until one of them was dead. It all depended on the final victor, but neither species was known for showing mercy. When this was over, only one of them was walking away. She couldn't deny to herself who she wanted the victor to be. Titus was okay as far as tribe leaders went. Immediately after she'd run from Knox she'd been on the move for about forty years, never staying in one place very long. Then fifty years ago Titus had given her shelter when she'd needed it but she had no loyalty to him. To any of her coven.

The thought of losing Knox now that fate had dropped her into his life again...she fought off the shudder. If Titus killed Knox, she knew she'd die as well because she wouldn't be able to control herself from attacking him. The feelings Knox had evoked in her...she didn't even want to go there right now.

Titus shoved the trembling she-wolf to the side and stripped off his jacket. "Weapons?"

The woman scrambled toward one of her pack members as Knox shook his head. "We fight in our natural form."

Titus's white toothpaste-commercial grin conflicted with the dangerous glint in his eyes. "Perfect."

Angela clenched her fists at her sides, feeling helpless and hating it. Instinct told her to jump in between them and stop this madness.

She must have moved in their direction because Alaric's hold tightened. "Don't interfere," he murmured to her as he tightly gripped her upper arm.

Wrenching her arm away, she ignored him and his comment. All around, the rest of Knox's pack and Titus's warriors surrounded the two men. The vampires she'd known were waiting in the forest had shown themselves and now joined the rest of them.

Knox stripped his long-sleeved sweater off but didn't bother with his pants or boots. Standing behind him she only got a brief view of his broad shoulders and muscular back before he underwent the change.

She hadn't seen a lot of werewolves shift before but he was scary fast. Not like the males from earlier that night. No wonder he was Alpha. His bones shifted, broke and realigned before she had a chance to blink. And he was huge, probably six feet on all fours. Under the moonlight his all black coat gleamed. She'd never seen a more beautiful animal. So much power rippled through him as he snarled low in his throat and took a menacing step toward Titus.

With a shockingly fluid grace, he shook off the tatters of his shredded pants. Whatever fear she had for him disappeared in that instant. It was Titus who should be quaking in his hand-made leather boots. Knox looked every inch the lethal predator and any sane being would run at that moment.

A low growl emanated from Knox as he began to circle her tribe leader. As he moved, so did Titus. Their movements were slow, precise.

Knox made the first blow. As fast as she'd seen any vampire strike, he lunged at Titus and struck out with one paw. Extending his sharp claws he swiped along the vampire's shoulder before landing on all fours a few yards away. The blow knocked the strongest vampire she knew back four feet.

It was a show of dominance. Knox was taunting him. She had no doubt. Though it was impossible to tell in his animal form, Angela could almost swear Knox was smiling.

And Titus wasn't anymore. No cocky grin. Nothing. He bared his fangs and quickly made his move. Jumping through the air, he cleared at least seven feet and landed on Knox's back. His own nails weren't as long as Knox's and they weren't claws exactly, but when they lengthened into deadly points, she bit back a cry.

He speared Knox on both sides of his neck before the wolf rolled to the side and tossed him off.

The fight was officially on.

Her heart thumped erratically as she watched them. One struck, then the other. It seemed to go on forever. Both strong males. Both violent and dominant.

Wiping her damp palms against her pants, she tried to calm her breathing but found it impossible. Watching Knox like this was too much. She had faith in his strength but seeing them fight, she also realized just how strong her tribe leader was.

She hadn't realized she'd moved toward them until Alaric gripped her upper arm and pulled her back. "Don't." Even though it was a command, he said it softly. When she tried to yank out of his embrace, he continued. "You'll only distract him."

The werewolf was right. Didn't mean she had to like it, though. Clenching her fists at her sides, she did the only thing she could. She watched and waited and winced with each blow Knox took. It was damn near impossible to just stand there but she knew if she acted, Knox would be distracted and possibly hurt. Or worse.

Grunts and growls came from them until Knox suddenly gained the upper hand. He pinned Titus to the ground and speared his chest with his claws.

Titus struggled and shoved his own pointed nails into Knox's side but the big wolf barely seemed to feel it.

With his other paw, Knox had his throat pinned to the ground. Holding her breath, Angela waited for him to make the killing blow. He'd either rip his heart out or rip his head off.

Maybe both.

A trickle of guilt worked its way through her that she felt little concern for her leader. She knew she should be loyal to her own kind, but she didn't care about anything other than Knox coming out victorious. There wouldn't be any repercussions since this had been a fair fight with a lot of witnesses.

The silence that fell over the shifters and vampires watching was deafening. Not even the wind dared to rustle around them. The blood rushing in her ears was the only sound she heard.

Knox growled low in his throat. The sound of victory.

Then he pushed off Titus.

She gasped. It just slipped out. What the hell was he doing? Knox stepped back, still looking menacing as hell and let her tribe leader stand.

Titus's eyes were slits as he clutched his bleeding chest and tentatively pushed up. No doubt because he wondered if Knox was toying with him. She didn't blame him. This was insane.

Before anyone could move or even react, Knox shifted back to his human form. Again, the transformation was so quick and almost seamless. If she'd blinked she'd have missed it. With his back to her she got an even better view of him in all his naked hotness. Almost forgetting where they were, her breath quickened as her gaze tracked all those hard lines and muscled striations.

Knox spoke, breaking the suffocating silence. "Get off my land. If I ever see or scent you again, I won't be so merciful."

Titus glared at him but instead of responding he looked past Knox to her. His eyes seemed to glow as he stared at her. She knew he couldn't hurt her but the urge to step back under that angry stare was overwhelming. "Is this what you want? To live with these...animals?" His voice dripped with disdain.

Pretty ballsy for someone who'd almost just got his head ripped off.

Before she could answer he continued. "If you stay here, you'll be banned from my coven and I'll see to it that no one else will ever give you shelter once this animal is done with you."

Knox made an ominous rumbling sound low in his throat that sent shivers down her spine. Thankfully it wasn't directed at her.

It was almost imperceptible but she noticed when Titus took a small step back.

She started to respond when Knox turned to look at her. His dark eyes were almost soft as they locked on her. He didn't have to say it out loud but she could see it in his eyes. She had his pack's protection. Even better, she had his. That knowledge made her insides melt.

Angela hadn't chosen to be a vampire. The life had been thrust upon her in one violent, terrifying night. Fearful of her former lover's reaction, she'd searched out and lived among her own kind for the last ninety years. Partly by choice but more or less out of a need to survive. Living among the humans hadn't been a viable option.

The next step she made would change her life and everything she'd known for so long. Tearing her gaze away from Knox's, she looked at Titus. "I'm staying."

There was a low murmur of surprise from the warriors but Titus nodded as if he'd expected her answer. Covered in blood and his shredded clothes, he motioned to the rest of the vamps. Wordlessly they all turned and headed back the way they'd come.

Once they'd disappeared behind the tree line, Knox turned back to her. Before she could cover the distance between them, he stood in front of her.

Still totally naked.

He was seemingly uncaring about his nakedness and she guessed all wolves were like that but the most primal part of her hated it. She didn't want anyone seeing what was hers.

Hers?

She jerked back at the abrupt thought.

Before she could contemplate that, he cupped the side of her face and gently rubbed his thumb over her cheek. With his other hand he palmed her hip and tugged her close. The feel of his erection growing against her belly was impossible to miss.

Feeling her cheeks heat up, she cleared her throat. "Your entire pack is watching," she whispered.

"I know." Leaning down he covered her mouth with his. This time it was soft, gentle and exploratory. There was nothing crushing or demanding about it.

Her nipples ached and, as his tongue danced against hers, she was vaguely aware of the rest of the pack quickly dispersing.

When she clutched his shoulders, her fingers met with a slick wetness. Instantly she jerked her head back, horrified at herself. Reality overrode any of her desires. "You need medical attention."

His dark eyes flared with heat. "I heal fast. What I need is you." Without waiting for a response he scooped her up. This time he didn't throw her over his shoulder. He gently held her against him and stalked across the lawn for the house.

She struggled slightly against him but didn't want to fight too much because she didn't want to injure him further. "You shouldn't be carrying me. You need to see a doctor."

He grunted softly which only exasperated her. Reaching up, she brushed her hand over his wounded shoulder and wiped some of his blood away. As she did she realized he really was healing. The wounds that would have shredded another wolf or vampire were almost completely sealed up.

The coppery scent of his blood teased her nose and she hated herself for the light-headedness she experienced. She'd always be drawn to blood, but his blood...was different somehow. It made her crave him with a primal awareness that almost scared her.

"You're mine, Angela, and I intend to claim you. Tonight." The raw possession in his voice as they reached his bedroom door jerked her out of her thoughts.

He placed her on her feet, shut the door behind them and all the air rushed from her lungs. When he slid the lock into place, she could almost swear her heart stopped for a moment. Wolves didn't claim each other lightly. When they did, it was forever. But what if it was a mistake? They hadn't seen each other in so long and the reason she'd left had been because of his hatred for vampires. There was still too much to talk about. Too much they didn't know about one another.

"I need to know why you ran from me," he said softly.

She sighed tiredly and sat on the edge of the bed. "Of all people I knew how much you hated vampires. I'd seen you kill... I didn't want to become one of your hunted. I knew when you killed me it would be hard for you to live with it. I didn't want you to bear that pain, but mainly I really didn't want to die. And the thought of you killing me..." She shuddered as she trailed off.

Knox was silent as he stared at her, only imagining what she was remembering. Though he wished she hadn't, she'd witnessed him kill more than once. Both times untamed vampires roaming the streets had tried to attack her and he'd had no choice.

The first time she'd witnessed him rip apart a newly turned vampire had been within days of their first meeting. Times had been different then. New Orleans had just entered what was now known as the Jazz Age or the Roaring Twenties. At the time he'd been a furniture and wine importer, and from the moment he'd seen Angela dancing at one of the many dance clubs that had popped up around the city he'd known he would possess her. She'd been so full of life and everything about her had drawn him in. Before her he'd been all about making money and expanding his pack's power but she'd shown him how to enjoy life. She'd even convinced him to dance a few times. They'd just been in the courting stage, had barely known one another. Hadn't even kissed.

But he'd still known she'd be his.

She was the first human he'd ever been completely honest with. After she'd seen him kill the vampire he'd had to tell her what he was. To his surprise she hadn't panicked. She'd taken everything in stride. Maybe because of where she lived it had been easier for her to digest. Whatever the reason, he'd fallen a little in love with her in that moment.

After that it had all been downhill for him. He'd told her about his pack, his true age and the reason he hated vampires so much was that they'd killed his parents and baby sister. And she'd just taken everything he'd thrown at her and only shown him love and compassion.

He hated that she assumed he would have killed her. "You really think I would have killed you?"

She lifted a dark eyebrow. "The only good vampire is a dead vampire," she said, quoting him in a semimocking tone.

"But you and I - "

She shook her head and propped up on her elbows. "You and I, nothing. You hadn't promised me any kind of future. I knew when you left New Orleans you wouldn't be taking me with you. After I was turned I was afraid I'd change into this evil being but I never did. I had to learn to control my cravings but I was still me. Something you'd never told me. You said vampires were all evil and I knew that just wasn't true. If you'd lied about that..."

Her words pierced his heart with the force of a silver dagger. Everything she said was true. He'd never made her any promises because he'd assumed she'd known how he felt about her. How could she not? At the time he'd been so filled with rage and hatred toward her kind, he'd labeled them all the same. But when he learned she'd been turned - things had changed.

He'd changed. He'd been forced to admit that all vampires weren't evil. Something he'd already known on an intellectual level but had refused to acknowledge even to himself.

It had been too late, though. She'd already left.

"I wouldn't have killed you - I couldn't have," he said quietly.

The look in her eyes was skeptical and he didn't blame her.

Knox watched Angela cautiously. She looked ready to bolt. To jump out the window if necessary. Her pale eyes were wide and...worried. He'd known they had a lot to talk about but when she'd told her leader she was staying he'd assumed everything would work itself out. "Why won't you give us a chance?"

"If we mate and you regret it, you'd resent me for the rest of our lives. Considering we're pretty much immortal..." She trailed off because she didn't need to finish.

She was right. If they mated and he later regretted it, they'd be stuck with each other for a damn long time.

Angela looked up at him. "You...you need to clean up. The scent of your blood..." She took another step back. For the first time he realized her eyes were slightly dilated. Even though she'd fed from him, he'd forgotten that the scent of his blood would still affect her. In another lifetime he would have hated that but now...the knowledge turned him on.

He knew the blood and grime covering him wasn't what was bothering her. Maybe he'd come on too strong with the whole mating thing but he wasn't letting her go again. If he had to play dirty, he'd do it. He wanted to stay and finish their conversation, but instead nodded tightly. "Give me a few minutes. I'll wash this off." And by the time the blood had swirled down the drain, he'd be healed. Unlike most of his pack, he healed at lightning speed. One of the many reasons he was Alpha.

After his shower, she wouldn't be able to put this off any longer. He stalked toward the bathroom but didn't close the door behind him just in case she decided to join him. After stepping into the wide stone enclosure, he flipped the water to hot. It didn't matter how much it heated up; it would be no match for the raging inferno inside him.

As the strong jets of water rolled down his body he saw he was already healed everywhere. He was slightly weaker than normal, but compared to the strongest wolf of his pack, he could still take better care of himself and Angela if necessary.

His thoughts were interrupted when he heard a sigh and then movement. It was slight but combined with that familiar fresh spring rain scent, he knew it was Angela.

When he turned around he found her standing at the opening of the shower enclosure - naked - with her arms wrapped around her chest.

Not that it mattered. Everything about her he'd memorized long ago.

He wanted to pull her hands away so he could see all of her. Those light brown nipples he'd teased with his tongue so many times... Instinctively he took a step toward her but she held up a hand. When she did, she gave him a perfect shot of one of her breasts. He couldn't help the low growl that built in his throat. She was definitely trying to kill him. What they'd shared earlier had just been an appetizer. A tease. He needed to feel all of her and not just with his tongue.

"Damn it, Knox. Let me check on you first...I can't believe you're already healed." Her voice held a touch of awe.

As she looked him over with a clinical eye he wasn't sure if he should be insulted. He was ready to pounce and she was staring at him like he was a specimen under a microscope. Until her gaze landed on his erection.

Then her cheeks flushed and she immediately raised her head. "How can you be so sure you want to mate with me? We've been separated a long time, Knox." Instead of letting him answer, she quickly continued. "And how do you know you still want me? And what if your pack doesn't accept me? I'm a vampire. I know your pack is giving Natalia shelter but you're an Alpha. Mating with me is different than if you were a regular wolf. There are just too many reasons this would never work. I can't go back to my coven and I want to stay with you so maybe we can just..." She trailed off so he jumped in.

"Maybe just sleep together? Or have something casual? I don't think so. I'd planned to mate you when you were human. That hasn't changed. A wolf doesn't always get to choose their mate, but I'd have chosen you even if my inner wolf hadn't. You. Are. Mine." The words ripped out of the most primal part of him. "My pack will accept you because I'm their leader, and in time they'll come to see all that strength in you that I do. When you stood up against your tribe leader tonight, you probably brought most of the pack to your side anyway." She'd certainly floored him with her incredible bravery..

"Oh." She bit her bottom lip in that seductive way he loved.

His abdomen clenched as he took a step toward her. The need to be inside her was overwhelming. His cock felt like a heavy club between his legs. Right now he wanted to run his hands over her entire body, cup her breasts with his hands and then tease them with his mouth. "Ninety years hasn't dulled my attraction or feelings for you. I still love you, Angel." His words came out as a guttural growl.

She swallowed hard but didn't respond. Not that he'd expected her to. He should have told her how he felt long ago. Now he'd just have to show her how much she meant to him. Prove it to her once and for all.

"If I take you tonight, I will mark you. Tell me to stop if you don't want this." He loved and respected her enough to tell her now. Once he was inside her, he knew his beast would demand the marking. Ninety years was a long time to keep a shifter from his mate. Now that she was in front of him, his control was thin.

"I don't want to stop." Her voice had dropped a couple of octaves, taking on a raspy, seductive quality. Letting her arms fall, she stepped farther into the enclave.

It was difficult to remember to breathe as he stared at her naked body. Despite being a vampire she'd retained the light bronzed coloring he remembered so well thanks to her heritage. Her nipples were rock hard and begging for him to kiss them.

Foreplay.

The word rang in his head loudly but he shoved it back down. He just wanted inside her. Selfish? Hell, yeah. His inner wolf so didn't care right now. He'd make it up to her later. Covering the distance between them, he cupped her cheek and backed her up until she was against the wall. She lightly shivered, probably from the cool tile, but she immediately arched toward him. His body created a barrier from the pulsing water but a few rivulets had tracked down her neck and between her breasts, creating a river he wanted to follow with his tongue.

She seductively rolled her hips against him. "Are you going to stare all day?" she murmured.

That's all he needed to hear. Leaning closer, his chest crushed against her breasts as his lips sought hers out. The feel of her nipples rubbing against him as her tongue stroked inside his mouth was the most erotic thing. He hadn't realized he'd been craving this type of closeness with someone until now.

Palming her hips, he lifted her up. As her legs wrapped around him, his fingers dug into her. He wanted to ease up but felt as if he couldn't get close enough to her.

Before he could slow down, she hoisted up by using her hands as leverage against his shoulders and impaled herself on him. When she did, his eyes flew open and he pulled back slightly. She was like warm silk wrapping around him.

Her lips parted as her eyes flashed with hunger. "I needed to feel you in me," she rasped out.

And she did. Angela needed to feel him with such a burning desire it scared her. When he'd left her to shower, she'd been unable to resist following him into the bathroom despite her earlier protests. Taking this next step scared the holy hell out of her. She couldn't deny it, even to herself.

But she'd been running long enough. If she could go back and do things differently she didn't know if she would have stayed and taken the chance. Ninety years ago she'd been terrified of what he'd do to her. Now she was terrified of losing him again. The one thing she knew for sure now was that she had a second chance with the man who'd never left her heart or thoughts. She wasn't going to walk away again.

Her inner walls pulsed around him as she adjusted to his size. She'd never felt so filled, so satisfied in her life. His breathing was erratic and his canines had already extended. Her own fangs had elongated the instant he'd pushed into her.

As if by instinct.

She knew how wolves took their mates. Hard and fast, from behind. The males would sink their teeth into their female. It was an act of submission on the female's part, but it didn't feel right for her. Not with Knox. Not this first time.

Angela wanted to claim him, too. To show him what he meant to her. She wanted the entire world to see her marks on him.

Holding her up with his weight, Knox didn't make a move to start thrusting into her. Instead he cupped both her breasts and lightly teased them. As he brushed the pads of his thumbs over her nipples, she shuddered.

Unable to control herself any longer, she leaned forward and tugged his bottom lip between her teeth. The raw energy flowing from him was almost palpable but he was restraining himself for her. She could feel it. He was keeping his inner wolf in check.

For the moment.

That definitely wouldn't last long. As their tongues danced against each other, one of his hands slid down her stomach and reached between them. When he rubbed his finger over her clit, she jerked against him. Her inner walls tightened with that light touch, needing more stimulation.

She wanted Knox to let go and to take her the way he wanted. The way they both wanted.

Kissing a trail along his jaw, she sucked and teased him until she reached the spot she'd fed from earlier. He'd already healed but this wasn't about feeding. She wanted to mark him. When she raked her teeth over his skin, his entire body reacted.

He shuddered beneath her and began thrusting inside her. Slow at first, but when she broke his skin with her teeth, he pumped harder. The taste of his blood was sweet, but for once in her life she didn't crave it. She just wanted to let him know he belonged to her.

And she wanted him to claim her. He was right. They might have been separated for a long time but some things - some feelings - simply didn't die. If anything, hers had intensified with time.

As their bodies united, her fangs extended even longer. When she sank deep into his neck, his groan sounded loud in her ear until she felt the sharp sting of his canines against her own neck.

The feel of him marking her - claiming her for his own for the world to see - pushed her over the cliff. She instantly withdrew her fangs. Her climax was abrupt and urgent, rushing through her like a tidal wave. It rose and crested in a wild freefall until all she was aware of was the need and desire rushing through her. Her fingers and toes tingled as pleasure shot to all her nerve endings.

When she felt his hands tighten around her hips and his thrusts increase, she knew he was close, too. The instant he pulled his mouth from her neck, a primal growl tore from his throat as he emptied himself inside her.

She tightened her arms and legs around him as he rode through his orgasm. Eventually he stilled but kept her tight against the wall. They were both breathing hard and erratically, but when he started feathering kisses along her jaw, she smiled.

"I don't want to let you go," he murmured.

Loosening her grip around his waist, she wiggled against him. "You can't keep me pinned on this wall all day."

He didn't respond but when she loosened her legs from around his waist, he reluctantly stepped back and let her down. But he still didn't remove his hands from her hips. And she didn't let go of his shoulders. She might not need him to stand, but she wanted to keep him close to her.

Lightly she stroked her fingers over where she'd bitten him. The two marks were tiny and already healing, but she loved seeing it on his skin. Even when they disappeared she'd remember seeing them every time she looked at him. "I didn't hurt you, did I?"

A ghost of a smile played across his face. "Not possible."

Turning from him, she stepped under the pulsing water and let the wet warmth roll over her. The shock of the jets against her sensitive skin sent an involuntary shiver spinning through her. As she brushed her wet hair back from her face, Knox came up behind her and lightly held her hips while he nuzzled her neck.

"I didn't know mating would be like that," he rasped out.

She slightly stiffened. "What do you mean?" Did he not like it when she'd bitten him? It had just felt so natural and he hadn't tried to stop her.

"You know how wolves mate. We..." He trailed off as he brushed her hair over to her left shoulder. When he rubbed his thumb in small circles over a section on her upper back, she turned to face him.

Wrapping her arms around his waist, she pulled him tight against her. "What are you doing?"

"You have a tiny bonding symbol on your back. It's an olive branch." A universal peace symbol.

The corners of her lips pulled down a fraction. "What does that mean?" When vampires mated, nothing particular happened. Other paranormal beings could simply scent that they were taken and off-limits.

Knox didn't respond. Instead he turned in her embrace so that his back faced her. With her fingers she traced over the tiny black, tattoolike symbol in the middle of his upper back. It wasn't visibly raised but when she touched it she could feel the outline. "You have one, too. Is that...normal?"

When he turned back to face her, he looked almost smug. "No, it's not normal. Werewolves usually mate for life but only if they're true mates will a symbol appear somewhere on their body."

Like a bright tattoo, branding them together for life. "But we're a different species, how is it even possible that - "

He silenced her as he kissed her. His kisses were hungry and needy and just what she wanted. His erection was already back and pressing insistently against her abdomen. Looked like they were in for a long night.

Pulling back slightly, she stared into his eyes. A sense of wonder filled her. "I didn't say it before but...I love you, too. I don't think I ever stopped."

His dark gaze flashed hungrily. As he devoured her mouth again, she felt him shift toward the shower knobs and then the water turned off. Before she could ask what he was doing, he'd scooped her up in his arms.

"Bed. Now." His voice was hoarse.

A shudder snaked through her. She remembered that side of Knox. When he could barely get out a few words let alone say a full sentence, she knew she was in for a long, hot night.

Angela stretched her arms over her head before opening her eyes. Slivers of daylight streamed into the room from one of the partially open curtains. Normally she slept during the day but Knox had kept her up all night. In the most delicious way possible.

Considering the night they'd had, she felt surprisingly refreshed as she got out of bed. After a shower she found Knox had left clothes for her on his dresser and a note telling her he'd be back soon. Carefully she sniffed them - and immediately hated the brief insecurity that jolted through her - but didn't scent anyone else on them. She wondered where he'd acquired new clothes so quickly but didn't really care. Anything was better than walking around naked all day.

After slipping on the black sweater and dark jeans, she put on her own boots then opened his bedroom door. No one was in the hallway but she knew the house was full. She could smell all the shifters. She couldn't tell where Knox was, however.

Couldn't even sense him. She'd thought once they were mated they'd have that bond but maybe that was only a vampire thing. Her boots were silent along the plush carpeted hallway as she made her way to the staircase.

Two male wolves stood at the top talking but both straightened when they saw her. One she recognized from the day before as one of the males who'd wanted her "strung up and punished." Despite the sinister glint in his eyes, he nodded politely at her.

They both did.

Even though she wanted to know where her mate was she wasn't about to ask these two. She just nodded back and continued down the stairs.

The mansion was just as big as the one she'd lived in before but the smells were different. More alive. Everything was a little brighter, too. Thankfully she could walk in sunlight or she'd be fried with all the big windows. For a brief moment she wondered where Natalia was and how she was faring. Her friend wasn't a day walker so was likely sleeping. Maybe Angela shouldn't have been so hard on the young vampire. She'd only been doing what she thought was right.

Even if it hurt that her friend had left the coven without telling her why, deep down she knew it didn't matter. Hell, they were the only two vamps living in this house now and it was obvious not all the shifters would accept her so easily. She'd need all the friends she could get.

As Angela strode through the house she heard bits and pieces of conversations thanks to her extrasensory abilities. Most of it was mundane, everyday stuff. Where shifters had an incredible sense of smell, her sense of hearing was probably a hundred times better than theirs. Long ago she'd learned to tune things out - she'd had to for peace of mind - but when she heard a female voice say Knox's name, she paused in the hallway where she stood and honed in on it. From the direction it sounded as if the voice came from the south part of the mansion.

"Knox only protected her last night to keep peace between the species," one said haughtily.

The other female laughed. "Don't fool yourself. You sound bitter and jealous. Our Alpha doesn't do anything lightly."

"We'll just see how long it lasts." This time the female sounded almost threatening.

"You better not let anyone overhear you," the other one whispered, though it did no good to stop Angela's eavesdropping. "If he mates with her, she'll be our Alpha, too."

The female snorted. "A vampire as our Alpha female? Knox will never allow it."

"You speak as if you know him so well."

She sniffed in an overconfident manner Angela knew she wouldn't soon forget. "There was a time when - "

Angela didn't need to hear anymore. Forcing herself to block out the rest of the conversation, she continued down the long hallway toward a heavy-looking wooden door with intricate carvings. If she stood around and listened to more of that crap she knew she'd search out the location of the she-wolves and her claws would come out. Literally.

And she didn't think it would be a good idea to confront a couple of she-wolves her first day as Knox's mate. When she turned the door handle relief surged through her that it opened and led outside. She might not be accustomed to spending time in the daylight but anything was better than being stuck in that house with shifters that didn't want her there.

There were a lot of things she hadn't considered when she'd decided to mate with Knox. She was now an Alpha female of a pack of wolves? It felt too surreal. And it was also obvious those females didn't know she and Knox were actually mated yet. Which made her wonder when and if he was going to inform his pack. Maybe he wanted to keep it a secret?

She was on the side of the house if her bearings were correct. Stalking across the grassy yard, she headed for a lone gazebo surrounded by a cluster of trees. At least she could think and breathe and just be alone right now.

As she neared it, the hair on the back of her neck stood up. Glancing around, she frowned. She could smell someone nearby even if she couldn't see them. She didn't doubt Knox had plenty of security on his land but this was different.

It wasn't just another presence she felt. She smelled actual danger. It hung in the air dark and potent. Instead of walking up the steps to the gazebo, she kept going and circled around it. If someone wanted to ambush her, they were welcome to try.

When she reached the other side of the structure, she stilled. The male she'd seen earlier at the top of the stairs stood in the shadows of the bushes by the gazebo intently staring at her.

And he held a long, shiny dagger. No doubt silver.

Not very subtle. Or smart. Now that she saw him in the light of day she realized how young he was. Barely twenty in human and werewolf years if she had to guess. "You really want to do this?"

His eyes turned to slits. "You're weaker now."

Yeah, not so much. Probably some stupid myth he'd heard about day walkers. But she didn't tell him that. Let him think what he wanted. "You want to kill your Alpha's mate? You're a pup. You must know he'll kill you." If she didn't first.

"I won't submit to a vampire," he spat.

Before she could respond and tell him to rethink his youthful stupidity, he lunged at her.

With ease, she dodged to the side. He missed her by a good foot which only enraged him. He growled deep in his throat but didn't shift to animal form. That surprised her. He was obviously young and inexperienced. Maybe he thought the only way he could kill her was with silver.

Gripping the blade tightly in his hand, he turned to face her again. He was quiet and intent. And so inexperienced. She didn't want to hurt him if she didn't have to.

"You don't have to do this."

"Your kind killed my brother." He wielded the blade.

She gritted her teeth and faced off with him. It was always the same with werewolves or vampires. Stupid blood feuds. "Well, I didn't. I just want to live in peace. You really need to put the blade down."

On the balls of her feet she swayed back and forth, waiting for him to move. She didn't want to get into a direct fight with him and if she could stop him from doing anything stupid, it could alleviate any bloodshed. Definitely wouldn't do for her to kill a werewolf her first day as Knox's mate.

He dodged back and forth like a fighter then jumped for her. She was fast, but not fast enough. He sliced through her sweater and upper arm. The scent of her own blood tickled her nose and made her claws involuntarily extend.

The wolf came at her again, faster this time. He wasn't trained but he was strong. So was she.

When he flew toward her with the knife, she simultaneously clawed at him and kicked out. As her claws sliced the side of his face, her booted foot connected with his stomach hard and fast.

Grunting loudly, he soared back through the air but managed to land on his feet. As he did, a burst of wind ruffled her hair and teased her face.

Then the young wolf went sailing farther through the air until he slammed into a tree with enough intensity that she heard a loud crack.

Frowning, she blinked as Knox skidded to a halt on all fours in wolf form. She hadn't even scented him. Or heard him. How could he have moved so fast? Her heart pounded erratically as she stared at him. He turned to look at her and she immediately took a step back when he narrowed that deadly gaze on her. Did he not recognize her? She didn't understand why he was looking at her like that.

She opened her mouth to speak when she felt a hand on her lower arm. Startled she glanced up to find Alaric standing next to her.

"We need to go," he murmured.

"What's - "

"Now." His grip tightened and he began to pull her away. She tried to yank her arm free but stopped when Knox growled deep in his throat.

And it was directed at her. The sound made her jump and even if she wouldn't admit it out loud, it scared her. Where was the tender, loving man she'd had last night in her bed?

Once they stepped inside the house, she pulled her arm free. "What's going on?"

Alaric shrugged. "You need to wait in Knox's room."

"But - "

"I have strict orders to escort you upstairs."

Her hands balled into fists at her sides. "Who is that guy who attacked me? And what's Knox going to do with him?"

He shrugged again, which only infuriated Angela. "Probably listen to his side of the story."

His side? Did Knox think there was any possible way she'd attacked one of his pack mates? She couldn't believe he'd ordered Alaric to "escort" her upstairs like she was some sort of prisoner. Her heart ached that there was a possibility the bond they'd forged last night wasn't enough to hold his trust. That he actually thought there was any way she'd randomly attack someone. Something warm and moist pricked her eyes but she blinked rapidly. There was no way in hell she'd let anyone in this house see her cry.

Knox scrubbed a hand over his face as he stood in front of his bedroom door. He could scent Angela in there. She was alive, he reminded himself for the hundredth time.

He shouldn't have left her alone this morning but he'd had important pack business to deal with. Business that specifically related to her. He'd never thought anyone would outright attack his new mate. Not when he'd made it clear vampires were now welcome under his roof. Natalia had been under his protection less than a week and no one had made a move against her. Of course her new mate hadn't let her out of his sight for a second either. And Knox shouldn't have let Angela out of his.

He rolled his shoulders, then slowly opened the door. He'd been gone a few hours and knew she would have questions.

The second he stepped inside something soft and fluffy hit him in the face. As one of his pillows hit the ground, he focused on Angela sitting cross-legged on the trunk at the foot of his bed - their bed now. "What was that for?"

Her pale eyes glinted dangerously. "Where have you been for so long? And why did you lock me in here again like some sort of prisoner? Do you really think I started that fight?"

Her questions flew at him like machine-gun fire but he answered them all. "I've formally kicked Roderick - he's the wolf who attacked you - out of my pack." He'd wanted to do worse but Alaric had stopped him and told him to use common sense. When it came to Angela all sense could be damned but he'd listened to the objective voice of his second-in-command. He was going to have enough problems getting his pack to accept a vampire as his mate and he didn't want to start things off by killing a well-liked pack member - even if the pup had started the fight.

She uncrossed her arms from her chest but her expression was still dark. "You didn't answer my other questions."

"I didn't keep you in here because you're a prisoner. I wanted you somewhere I knew you'd be safe. And the answer to your last question should be obvious. I know you didn't start that fight."

Her eyes narrowed. "You growled at me."

"Because I needed you to leave. I couldn't punish him if I was worried about you."

"Hmm." She sat with her lips slightly pursed.

His shoulders ached and all he wanted to do was climb into bed with her. But it was obvious she still needed to talk. "What are you thinking?"

"How the hell we're ever going to work? Your pack will never accept me - "

"They'll accept you," he ground out. Most of them were fine with it. As of now there were a few dissenters, but he'd weed them out. Times were changing and these blood feuds had to stop if they wanted to survive.

She kept going as if he hadn't spoken. "We'll always come up against opposition and what if you want to continue your line. I don't know that I'll be able to give you children."

If he'd wanted offspring, he could have mated a hundred times over. It was rare for a vampire to give birth - one of the reasons a blood born vamp was so powerful - and if all he had was Angela for the rest of their lives, that would be enough. More than enough. He'd heard about a vampire-werewolf hybrid born decades ago, so he knew it was at least possible for their species to mate, but in the end... "I don't care about that. I never have. I want you."

She shook her head and stood up. "Knox - "

He wasn't in the mood to argue. Not after the day he'd had. And it was obvious all she wanted to do was tell him why they wouldn't work when he knew exactly why they would work. So he kissed her.

For a brief moment she tensed against him but just as quickly her body melted against his like liquid sin. When he pulled his head back to pull her top off, she shook her head. "You don't fight fair," she murmured.

"I never claimed to." With her breasts bared to him he didn't waste time sucking one of her nipples into his mouth. Talking could always wait when he had her naked in front of him.

Immediately she arched her back for him, giving him more access. He ran his tongue around her tightening bud and he felt her moan all the way to his toes.

Tonight he would dominate her. He needed to. Their mating and all last night had been scorching hot but now he wanted to take her the way his inner wolf demanded.

When he reached for the button on her pants, she did the same to his. In a flurry of supernaturally fast movement, their clothes were discarded and she was naked and on top of him.

The cool covers underneath him were in direct contrast to the fire in his blood. Angela stroked herself over his cock but didn't make a move to let him inside her. She seemed content to kiss and tease him. Her tongue flicked against his in erotic strokes, making him remember how she'd teased him the same way last night.

As if she read his mind, she drew her head back and smiled. His breath caught at that rare smile. Bracing her hands on his chest, she scooted lower and began a trail of kisses down his body. When she reached one of his nipples, he shuddered as she ran her tongue then teeth over it.

Everywhere she touched or kissed made him burn. She started to move lower but he grabbed her hips and sat up, meeting her mouth with his. The kiss was crushing and demanding.

The harshness of Knox's kiss startled and turned Angela on even more than she already was. His hands tightened around her hips and before she realized what he was doing, he'd flipped their positions.

So dominating.

Even when she tried to take control, he took it right back. Not that she minded. Giving in to him this way was something she could do over and over again. They might have a lot of issues with his pack but they certainly didn't have a problem in the bedroom.

She started to wrap her arms around his neck to pull him closer when his fists tightened on her. He flipped her onto her knees in a fluid, graceful movement. Looking over her shoulder at him, she trembled at the possessive look in his dark eyes.

With his gaze on her, he ran his palm down her back until he reached between her legs from behind. Her parted the lips of her sex and slowly pushed a finger inside her.

The position was different but she found she liked it. Turning, she let her head fall forward as he began stroking her. First with one finger, then two. The intruding thickness made her inner walls tighten around him with each push.

She could feel herself moving closer and closer to orgasm but his fingers wouldn't be enough. She needed all of him right now.

"I need more." She wasn't a big talker in the bedroom and thankfully neither was he. Even if she hadn't told him, she knew he'd listen to what her body said anyway.

He had to feel how wet she was. Would know exactly what she needed. When he withdrew his fingers, she mourned the loss but he quickly grabbed her hips once again in a tight grip.

He pushed into her, hard and fast. Despite making love so many times the night before, taking him inside her again was still an adjustment.

Her back arched and she pushed out a gasp at the intrusion. But he didn't give her a chance to get used to him. Her inner walls expanded and stretched around him as he slammed into her.

Over and over, he pushed into her. Behind her, his breathing was as harsh and shallow as hers. Her skin felt too tight. As if she could crawl right out of herself. Erotic pleasure speared through her with each stroke and she didn't bother holding back her moans. She didn't care if the entire house heard them.

Knox could barely contain himself as he thrust into Angela. Holding her in this submissive position, he knew it wouldn't be long before he came.

But he needed her to feel pleasure first. Especially today. She was obviously worried about their future and he wasn't good with words. But he did know how to show her he cared.

Moving one of his hands from her hips, he slid it over her belly and down until he reached her clit. As he continued thrusting, he lightly stroked her.

"Come for me." The words came out low and commanding. He needed to feel her release on him.

His words set her off. Her body tensed and her breathing became more erratic as her climax slammed through her. Her fingers dug into the covers beneath them and tightened. As she rode through her orgasm, she milked him tighter and tighter.

After holding on to that tiny shred of control for what felt like forever, it wasn't hard to let himself go. Holding on to her as if his life depended on it, he thrust one more time, spilling himself into her long and hard. If she wasn't as strong as she was, he had no doubt he'd bruise her hips with his grip. Some primal part of him liked the idea of marking her. Reminding her they belonged together.

As he released into her, his body became almost limp as the climax subsided. When Angela collapsed on the bed and rolled on her side to face him, he smiled and stretched out next to her.

Her eyes were heavy-lidded but he didn't want her dozing off. Not yet. Reaching out, he placed a light hand on her hip and tugged her closer.

She immediately slid into his embrace and threw a leg over him. "I need some time before another round," she murmured.

"I know," he said, his voice equally low. "We need to talk anyway. Things probably aren't going to be easy at first. My kind, your kind, they aren't all going to be accepting."

"I know." She nodded slowly, making her dark hair swish against the pillow.

"You can doubt other people but you can't doubt us. That's all I ask." He had to know that no matter what happened, she'd believe in him and them.

She placed a light hand on his chest and sighed. "I know. When you growled at me today I guess I just thought the worst. That maybe you regretted us or me or something."

He didn't expect things to get easy for them overnight. With so many prejudices - some he'd once held against vampires - there would be good and bad days, but he had faith in them. "I'll never regret us. I've been hunting for you for nine decades. My feelings just wouldn't die, Angel. Don't expect them to now."

"I do believe in us. I'm just nervous about what this will mean for you and your pack. There's probably going to be some fallout from some of your members if today was any example."

He was Alpha for a reason and if someone didn't like his decisions, they were free to leave. He'd known his entire pack wouldn't be accepting when he took her as his mate but any consequences were a nonissue to him. He ruled one of the strongest packs in the world and his inner wolf dared anyone to come up against him over Angela. They wouldn't like the cost. "After we get dressed I want to formally introduce you to the pack." She tensed at his words so he quickly continued. "They need to meet you immediately to understand what you mean to me. Natalia's fiance is one of my warriors. The fact that he's accepted a vampire as his mate means all the warriors will accept you, too. Everyone else will eventually come around."

Her expression was soft and almost pleading as she stared at him. "Just don't shut me out when making decisions. There's a lot about pack life and werewolves in general. I don't know or understand."

Like earlier. She didn't say it but he understood what she meant. A she-wolf would have understood his intentions but it made sense she didn't. "It'll be a learning curve for both of us."

"I can live with that," she whispered as she closed the distance between them and met his mouth with hers.

As their tongues collided, she tightened her leg and arm around him and pulled flush against him. At the feel of her breasts pressed against his chest, most coherent thought fled. Yeah, meeting the pack could wait for an hour or so because whatever the future held for them, he knew it would be full of times like this.

