Part 1: Job Offer, Rescinded

I never went to business school, but I was pretty sure doing negotiations while being na**d was a bad idea.

I pulled on my panties and did up my bra, saying, "Tell me more about this job opportunity."

Luthor Thorne had his jeans on, which was a shame, as he had a beautiful cock. I'd seen it. In fact, I had taken it for a little ride moments earlier, right in the middle of the master bedroom of his mansion, on the plush sisal carpet. Peering up at myself in the mirror on the ceiling had doubled the pleasure from my delicious orgasm, and I was cooling down, but one glance at the almost-ready-again bulge in his pants made me think I could go for round two.

Mr. Thorne-I was used to thinking of him that way, as I'd only just learned his first name-took a seat in one of the reading chairs in the expansive room. He didn't put his T-shirt on, which was fine by me, because I didn't mind the view of those abs and those strong chest muscles.

Those arms, I thought. He could probably pick a gal up and easily pin her to the wall! My mouth watered at the thought, as did my still-throbbing lower regions.

"What I really need is an assistant," he said. "Maybe something entry level."

"I'm not entry level. I'm a professional organizer," I said, for the second time in less than ten minutes. I pulled on my skirt and blouse and gave him my Business Face. Man, I wished I had my Bitch Boots with me, and not my silly pumps with the sensible heels. Those shoes gave me no edge.

"But I want you to be ... entry level." He gave me a wicked look, flicking one dark eyebrow and gazing up at me with those gorgeous green eyes.

I crossed my arms. He was toying with me, like a cat with a mouse. But ... I'd just gotten off, and I'm impervious to male charm for at least ten minutes or so post-orgasm. It's like my secret weapon. One time, when I was a barely twenty, I'd been dating this guy, a professor, who made my mound throb with desire the moment I walked into his classroom. He had me wrapped around his little finger, in more ways than one, but I'd finally summoned up the courage to break up with him.

It was actually quite the scene, and I still get a twisted little smile on my face thinking about it.

I'd been riding him like the stallion he was, cowgirl style, and I'd just moaned my way to a pretty-decent orgasm. I'd had to do most of the work myself, as the professor was a lazy man, but it was worthwhile. I made him hold absolutely still, not moving a muscle, as the hot and cool sensations washed over me. I'd even seen a little light that time, blue then pink. He bit his lip, but held still as I finished cl**axing, then fell onto him, exhausted, my hair in his mouth.

The professor spat out my hair, grabbed my ass, and started pulling me up and down on his slick rod, but I was done. I was done with him, and I knew it in that instant.

I'd sat up suddenly, surprising him, and said, "I need a glass of water."

He'd stammered, "What?"

"Glass of water. I'm so thirsty. You don't mind, do you, baby?"

He grimaced, but I pulled off of him, and his equipment slipped out into the cool air. "Fine," he said, and he went off to the kitchen to fetch me a water, his handle flopping around, pointing the way.

As I'm sure you've guessed by now, I had my clothes on before he returned to the room, and I announced that I was ending it with him. I snapped a pic with my phone and told him if he tried to pursue me-if he said even one word to me-I'd report him to the Dean.

And that was that.

I still had the photo on my phone, and I'd even used the pic as inspiration from time to time.

As easy as it had been to walk away from the professor, though, walking away from this new guy, the hunky and atrociously wealthy Mr. Thorne, didn't seem like it would be so easy.

At least I had all my clothes back on when I sat in the chair across from him.

He said, waving one relaxed hand at the bedroom, "This new arrangement of furniture is awful."

"Thank you!" I said, beaming. I'd been hired to do my professional organizing work at the mansion. I was on the third day, which had been an odd job-practicing the art of feng shui to make the bedroom less sexy, less sensual. This woman, Grace, who worked for Mr. Thorne in some capacity that hadn't been defined, had hired me.

The room was still packed with too many expensive furnishings and fine linens to be completely non-sexy, but it was maybe fifty percent less sexy. I definitely knew my line of work, which was a big part of why I wasn't jumping at the idea of an entry level position for Mr. Thorne, whatever that meant.

"Why don't you tell me more about your business," I said, crossing my legs. I was still hot from our quickie sex session on the floor, and my thighs stuck to each other, sweating from the heat in the room. The air conditioning was working perfectly, so the heat had to be more of a psychological thing.

"You can learn while on the job," he said.

I turned my head to give him side-eye. "I do have business skills. I won't be washing dishes in one of your ... hotel chains?"

He shook his head.

"Restaurants?"

"We have dish washers," he said. "And managers, and chefs. I may have to create a position for you."

Position? I could think of a few. I licked my lips and studied the bulge in his jeans. Was it growing bigger? I crossed and uncrossed my legs, arching my back to stick out my br**sts. My top button strained to come undone, to give him a peek. He'd already seen me naked, but I knew the game was back on. Getting dressed had been smart of me.

Mr. Thorne swallowed hard, staring at the button.

A gentle knock came at the door.

I jumped a little, but Mr. Thorne practically shot right out of his pants, he jumped up so quickly.

He whispered to me, "Grace."

I called to her, "Just a moment, I'm in the washroom," then shrugged at him. Grace had promised me a nice, juicy bonus if I finished my three days' worth of organizing without being seen or heard by Mr. Thorne. I slapped my hand to my face, feeling the pain of losing that money. It was the third day, and I'd come so close. I'd almost made it, but Mr. Thorne had climbed a ladder outside the window, pretending to be a gardener, and then I'd gone and let him in.

He said, "I've gotta get out of here before she catches me." He already had his T-shirt back on and was climbing out the window.

I ran over to him, "What kind of game are you two playing? Doesn't she work for you? I don't understand."

He put on his hat and stood on the ladder, outside of the window. Moments earlier, we'd been in just that position when he'd opened his pants and I had first touched that beautiful manhood of his. I was already aching for more, petulant that he was leaving me in need.

He said, "I told her I wouldn't touch a woman for three months."

"How long has it been?"

"You don't want to know."

I didn't. I didn't want to think of him being with anyone but me. I tucked my fingers into the waistband of his jeans. "So it's a bet or something? What happens if you forfeit?"

He shook his head and laughed, then shut his mouth, lips tight. There was no way he was telling me. I wondered what it could be. What could a billionaire have to fear from his own staff member? Grace definitely gave off the lesbian vibe, so I figured it wouldn't be sex with her.

"What about the job offer?" I asked, my eagerness creeping into my voice as desperation. Professional organizing was great work, when you could get it. Lately, I hadn't been getting it that much.

"Let's talk in a few months," he said, and he kissed me on the forehead.

"That's it?"

He looked straight into my eyes. His were brown-green, hazel I guess, and looked like they were laughing, even when he wasn't. I could just die, looking into those eyes.

"It was nice meeting you, kid," he said.

"It's Lexie. Lexie Ross."

He winked at me and started back down the ladder.

"Wait!" I said, leaning out the window.

The tapping came again, at the locked door to the bedroom. I could hear Grace muttering on the other side, about what in heaven's name was I doing in the bathroom for so long.

I lost my balance and nearly tipped right out of the window, but Mr. Thorne caught me. I laughed, embarrassed at my klutziness, and this time, I held onto the window frame.

"Can I have one kiss?" I batted my eyelashes at him.

He seemed to think about this for a few seconds, then slowly approached me. His face was skeptical, like a kid about to eat a new type of vegetable. This did not make me feel very attractive at all.

But then his lips touched mine. He tasted salty and sweet and warm. Our lips fit perfectly together, and then our tongues. I pressed myself toward him, hungry for more contact. My ni**les grazed his chest just before he pulled away.

Huskily, he said, "That's how I get in trouble."

"I like trouble."

He grabbed me then, so suddenly I thought for an instant he was falling and pulling me out the window with him. And you know what? I didn't care. Even if we'd been toppling to our death, that kiss was so good, I couldn't let go.

With one hand on the windowsill for balance, his other hand snaked around behind me and grabbed my butt cheeks. He gripped me from underneath, his fingertips sinking into my soft body.

I moaned with pleasure, against his mouth.

I reached down and grabbed for the waistband of his jeans, seeking to unbutton them and let out that divine monster I'd seen twice already. I wanted him in my mouth, my hot, wet mouth.

But he pulled away from me, and he slipped down the ladder, the soles of his shoes banging out his progress away from me.

My hair fell forward, over my shoulders, and I was Rapunzel, the girl in the castle who's so desperate for a man she lets him climb up her hair.

Mr. Thorne could climb up my hair.

He gave me a wave once he reached the ground, and disappeared, off to play gardener again, I guessed.

I moaned and made a fist with one hand, then leaned into it against the wall, pushing my palm against my aching mound. No fair! I felt like pitching a childish fit. I wanted something, and I couldn't have it, and that made me very cranky.

The tapping at the door grew more insistent.

I stopped abusing myself, closed the window, fastened it, and ran to let Grace in.

When I opened the door, she sniffed the air and looked around the room suspiciously.

Did she know he'd been there? Could she tell we'd just had sex-albeit quickly and way too briefly-right there on the carpet?

I coughed into my hand and said, "I must have eaten some bad tacos last night. I just had the worst thing come out of me in the bathroom. The color of it was just so-"

She cut me off with a hand held up, palm toward me, and her expression softened. She stopped sniffing the air, no longer wanting to collect evidence.

"Looks good," Grace said, nodding at the bed, now pushed into the corner and looking more forlorn than sexy. "I guess you get your bonus after all."

I practically rubbed my hands together.

"Oh, Grace, I could hug you," I said.

She gave me a crooked smile. The woman was about fifty, but a hot fifty, and she was the type of woman who appreciated my assets, even if I wasn't into the whole scissoring and carpet-diving scene. Don't get me wrong, ladies are great at kissing, and I'd kiss any woman who asked, but going downtown wasn't on my must-see sensual tourism list.

She pulled out the roll of money, which did make her look more attractive, actually.

"Funny," she said, "I could have sworn I heard Mr. Thorne's voice in here."

"I thought he was out on business today."

She thumbed through the money, and said, matter-of-factly, "There's an extra hundred for your underpants."

I scratched my head. "Beg pardon? I could have sworn you just said ..."

"Not for anything unseemly," she said, an impish light in her eyes. "For a joke. A practical joke." She held the money in front of me, teasingly.

I'm sure some girls would have refused the offer, but those were inexpensive panties I had on that day. For a hundred bucks, I could buy a dozen better pairs, so you'd better believe that, as old Grace stood there with the cash, I whipped down my underpants right there on the spot.

I'd had a quick tidy-up in the en suite right after Mr. Thorne, so they weren't gooey or anything, but even so, I felt absolutely filthy. I felt like some cheap prostitute.

And as I took the roll of cash from a leering Grace, I felt even cheaper, but the strangest thing was, I liked it.

With money in my pocket, and a bare-naked whiskerbiscuit, I walked out of that mansion with my head held high.

Outside, I snooped around the grounds for a few minutes, looking for Mr. Thorne in his sexy jeans, but he had been replaced by a portly man with a big mustache. Now that's what a gardener looks like, I thought to myself as I walked out the gates.

Part 2: The Silver Fox

The next day, Suzanne called me with a new job. I sat up straight in my warm bed, and my heart thumped away like mad. The job was for Mr. Thorne! (Or so I hoped.)

Ah, but my excitement was short-lived. It was for a woman whose name had only sounded like Luthor Thorne due to my wishful thinking. The woman's name was Alison Hubert, so clearly my hearing was being extremely optimistic that day.

Suzanne, my sorta-boss-sorta-partner, went on with the details over the phone as I jotted them down.

"Hold up," I said. "What kind of professional organizing job happens at a high-end department store?"

"We're branching out!" She sounded like she was peeing her pants with excitement, but of course she would be. She got paid off the top and didn't have to go out and do some job she had no experience in.

I protested, but she assured me I was "confident and stylish," (flattery gets you everywhere) and that these personal shopping clients mainly wanted someone to keep them company while they bought a bunch of overpriced stuff they didn't need.

Grumpily, I said, "Sounds cruel. They shop while I watch? Why not take me to a creampuff bakery and make me watch you eat creampuffs."

"Only on my birthday," Suzanne said. That was one of our little jokes. I'd name something ridiculous and she'd threaten to make me do it on her birthday.

"Did you get any feedback about the job at the Thorne mansion?" I asked, feeling hopeful. "I feel like I could have done more. Can we call them? I'll go back for an extra day, no charge, just to follow up. They could be a great long-term client."

"I don't think so."

"Suze. You gotta get me back in there."

She didn't say anything for what felt like an eternity. "Lexie," she said, my name sounding like a dirty word. "You f**ked the pool boy, didn't you? You have the worst taste."

I started to argue with her, but stopped myself. "Yeah," I said. "I totally nailed the pool boy when I was there. You know me!"

"Tell me how you did it," she said.

As we were talking, I was still in bed, enjoying my morning coffee with most of me under the covers.

Suzanne and I had been friends since we were teenagers, and we used to call each other every morning after dates and tell each other everything, no detail too gory.

"Tell me how you f**ked the pool boy," she repeated.

"Alright, you sick lady. You sound pretty hard-up over there. Your husband not giving it to you? Honeymoon over?"

Her voice flat, she said, "I live vicariously through my single friends. Shannon's pregnant, so that just leaves you. This pool boy. How old was he? Oh, tell me he was blond. Blond like a surfer."

"He was blond!" I said, thinking about Mr. Thorne, who had dark hair. Aside from his identity and hair color, I told her the story of what had happened with Mr. Thorne, pretending it had happened with the pool boy. Funny thing was, I didn't even know if the Thorne mansion had a pool! Suzanne didn't know any different, so what did it matter?

As I recalled all the delicious details, my mound start to hum with happiness at the memory being replayed in my head. A big smile crept up on my face, and I was giddy.

She stopped me, "Wait, why was the pool boy up on a ladder outside the window?"

"He's a pool-boy-slash-handyman."

"Tell me about his dick. Was it straight? Don't tell me it was one of those skinny ones with a big mushroom head. Eugh."

"No, Suze, it was perfect. It was the most beautiful c**k I've ever seen. He could earn extra money by doing casts of it, to be used for sex toys."

"Ohmygod. Don't stop. What did it taste like?"

"That's the thing! I don't know. We ended up boning almost immediately. It felt really good, along with the rest of his body, but it was over so fast."

"Mmm."

"I know this makes me sound extremely slutty, but I really regret not getting to suck on it a little."

"Lexie!"

"So, you've gotta get me back over there for another job. I'll do anything. I'll do cleaning. Housekeeping!"

She said she'd do what she could and get back to me, then she held the phone away from her mouth and spoke to her husband, saying something about where clean towels were for his shower. Suzanne had everything. She had a man there twenty-four-seven to satisfy her whenever she needed it. She could hang up the phone and be grabbing onto his manhood, feeling it stiffen in her hands, and then slipping it into her mouth, within seconds.

How I envied her.

Yeah, I had my toys for pleasure, tools to get the job done, but you never, ever feel sexy sticking a chunk of silicone in your mouth. For some things, there's just no substitution.

* * *

I bought lollipops.

I bought lollipops and I sucked them as I waited for my personal shopping client, at the coffee shop across from the ritzy department store I'd never been inside.

I felt like a goofy kid, sucking away on my big, round, red lollipop. A few guys and one girl gave me a funny look, and I liked it. I wished the lollipop could have been Mr. Thorne, and wishing made my loins hot with desire, but wishes aren't reality.

When the shopping client approached me, I thought she had to be someone asking for directions, because she wasn't alone. She had a man with her, a classy-looking guy with silver hair. A silver fox.

"I'm Alison Hubert," she said, reaching for my hand. I spat out the lollipop and dropped it on the coffee shop's plate before I shook her hand.

"Mrs. Hubert," I said. "I'm so delighted to meet you."

She eyed the big, red lollipop, still shiny from my saliva. "God, I haven't had a lollipop in years."

I reached into my purse and pulled out another one, green, and offered it to her.

"I don't know," she said, hesitating. "Green?"

The silver fox with her guffawed.

I rummaged around and pulled out a purple one. Her eyes lit up and she took it from me.

"Where are my manners?" she said. "Lexie Ross, this is my better half. He keeps an eye on me when I'm shopping, so I don't spend too much."

"Mr. Hubert," I said, shaking his hand. His steely blue eyes raked over me, all the way down past my hot crotch to my shoes, then back up again, stopping at my br**sts. He grunted acknowledgment, but he seemed to be a man of few words.

I guessed he was somewhere in his fifties, and fit, by the grip of the hand. Mrs. Hubert looked like she could be Mrs. Hubert Number Two-no, Number Three. She was in her thirties and had a giant rock on her wedding ring finger. Good for you, Mrs. Hubert the Third, I thought.

We left the coffee shop and crossed the street over to the ritzy department store.

When the doorman opened the glass door for us, I got hit in the face, full-blast, with the scent of riches. It made me twitch, deep inside. This was where they kept the good stuff, away from people like me.

All those gorgeous designer clothes, and the high-priced makeup counter, too. I felt like a starving kid in a candy shop. I'd worn a low-key flared skirt, in navy, and a newer blouse, simple and cream-colored, and I'd cut off the labels, which was good, because if I fainted of pleasure amongst all the good stuff, I didn't want the paramedics to see what cheap clothes I was wearing.

As we started shopping around, I noticed Mr. Hubert, the silver fox, was looking at my ass like it might have Mrs. Hubert the Fourth written all over it.

I caught him looking, and he didn't look away. Oh, he was a bold one!

Mrs. Hubert wanted to try on some perfume samples before we moved on to the "main event" of clothes and shoes.

"A little shopping foreplay?" I said to her.

She blushed prettily and said, "That's exactly what it is. Working up the appetite. You're so good! I bet you're naughty, too." She raised her eyebrows and gave Mr. Hubert a pouty look. "I think today might get expensive for you."

He took her by the hand and kissed her bony knuckles. "Anything for my kitty-cat," he said, shooting a look at me, over her shoulder.

MEOW!

Mrs. Hubert tried on some perfume samples, getting at least two makeup counter girls to run back and forth, growing flustered in their pristine white jackets. It's funny how girls with absolutely no medical training suddenly look like doctors in those white makeup counter outfits. The two girls, one dark and one fair, were attractive enough, but Mr. Hubert only had eyes for ... me.

Even as his wife leaned across the counter and bade him to smell all manner of samples, on her wrists, her arms, her neck, he kept looking my way, hungrily.

The silver fox was hungry.

And I was his prey.

I pretended to be really interested in the perfumes, saying, "Definitely a chocolate undertone," when prompted by Mrs. Hubert. "Delicious," I said, "Makes me hungry for another lollipop."

Mr. Hubert's lip twitched.

I knew if I could get him alone, I would get f**ked so hard. Every time I made eye contact with those steely blue eyes, I thought about the silver hairs that likely sprouted around his firm manhood, and I kept thinking, you want to f**k me, over and over, like telepathy.

So hard, he said with his eyes.

I glanced over at Mrs. Hubert. Her face said, whee, shopping! At least she was happy. I felt ashamed for eye-fucking her husband, but I was sure she'd done the same to him back when he was with Mrs. Hubert Number Two.

My mound was getting so hot and juicy over Mr. Hubert's eager looks that I considered excusing myself to the ladies' room to have a little finger-blast on my own, but I figured as soon as I left Mr. Hubert, the silver fox heat would fade, and it would just be me, banging away. I was good, but I wasn't that good.

I wondered if Mrs. Hubert was kinky. Maybe she wouldn't even mind if I blew her husband. She could watch, even. I didn't care. I'd heard things about the ample-sized changing rooms at this particular boutique, and I wondered if the stories were true.

Apparently, according to certain unnamed sources of mine, the staff were extremely discreet.

As I was mulling this over, trying to remember which one of my friends had tipped me off, one of the makeup counter girls gave me a knowing look. "You're new," she said.

"I usually work in the home," I said. "Organizing."

She gave me a meaningful smile and leaned toward me, looking like she wanted to tell me something in private. Meanwhile, Mr. and Mrs. Hubert were down in the men's cologne section, and she was trying to mist him with something, while he was being obstinate and refusing to try a new scent. He liked the one he had, he insisted. She giggled and chased after him with a spritzer.

I leaned in to talk to the makeup-counter girl. She was the darker-skinned one, and her name tag said Teisha. "Do they come here a lot?" I asked Teisha.

She smiled, revealing perfectly-white teeth that matched her pristine jacket. She wore shell-pink eyeshadow, which contrasted nicely with her dark carob skin. "The Huberts have an interesting arrangement," she said.

"Do tell."

She looked around, as though keeping an eye out for a supervisor.

"I shouldn't say."

I leaned in. "One professional to another. I work hard for my money, as I'm sure you do. Rich people are weird. You can tell me anything."

She looked around again, then giggled. The other girl, the fair one, had disappeared, running after the Huberts with tissues and cologne.

Teisha said, "Their rule is he can do anything he wants, but nobody but Mrs. Hubert is allowed to touch his ... his you-know-what."

I frowned. "Well that's no fun. That's the best part."

She raised her eyebrows and batted her eyelids, her pale pink eyeshadow shimmering. "You'd be surprised."

"With you?"

She nodded.

"He gave you ... ?"

Her tongue darted out of her mouth, made a few suggestive licks, and went back into her mouth.

"No way. Here?"

Teisha nodded. "Right here behind the makeup counter." She pointed over to a cubby under the counter. "He got down there while she was shopping. We were technically closed for the day, but people could still see in the window. I was wearing a skirt that day, so I slipped off my panties and stood right there and he went at it."

"No!" My jaw was fully dropped open.

Her dark cheeks reddened. "He was a champion, too."

"Did you ... come?"

She laughed, suddenly and loudly. In answer, she held up three fingers. Three times! Wow, Mr. Hubert.

I said, "And Mrs. Hubert, she doesn't mind?"

"As long as he doesn't touch a girl with his penis, she doesn't mind one bit. You know, she actually invited me over to their house for dinner after, but ... I have a boyfriend!"

"You bad girl, Teisha," I said.

She held one manicured finger to her lips. "Don't tell."

I zipped my lips. "Your secret's safe with me."

I took one more look over at the cubby under the counter and imagined Mr. Hubert, Mr. Silver Fox, folded up in there like a caged animal, his head under a skirt, going to town on Teisha's juicy peach. I glanced down at the lollipops in my purse. Lollipops weren't going to cut it, not after the hot story she told me. I wondered if it was true, or just the product of her imagination. Teisha didn't strike me as a liar, but ... Mrs. Hubert's rules seemed too good to be true.

When the Huberts came back over, he swatted her on the butt. From the smell of it, she'd gotten him good with the cologne. I could have smelled him a mile away, but the cologne was nice-musky and sweet, not overpowering.

He said, "Teisha, thank you for everything."

She flushed red and nodded mutely.

So, it was true.

And if it was true, how was I going to get his silver fox face between my own legs? I was more than ready for it. As I browsed the clothing racks with Mrs. Hubert, picking out green garments that complemented her pale skin, I was burning up with fever for something belonging to a man, be it juicy c**k or wet tongue.

She grabbed a gauzey red dress and said, "How about this?"

Mr. Hubert was already sitting on a chair nearby, looking at something on his phone. The way he held the phone made me think he was using it to take photos of me. I posed at a saucy angle for his lens, sicking out my butt and chest.

"Not sure if that's your best color," I said to Mrs. Hubert. She seemed like a nice enough lady, and I was being paid for my help, so I figured I ought to be honest. "A few shades lighter and you'd be good, but that burgundy will wash you out."

She frowned at the dress. "It would look great on you." She thrust the dress at my chest. "You try it on!"

I surreptitiously took a glance at the price tag. It was twice what I'd be getting paid for today's private shopping session. No. No way. "I'm not here for me," I said.

She rolled her eyes. "You're not marrying the dress. Just try it on while I'm trying on my things. I'm going to be in the changing room for a long time." She glanced over at Mr. Hubert and gave me a sly smile. "Besides, you need some excuse to go into the change rooms."

Was she pimping me out to her husband? She was, I knew it. My little passionflower lit up inside my panties. I thought having him look at me was hot, but having her push us together was even more delicious. My lady cave started to ache. If my pu**y had a voice, it would have been whimpering, begging for some juicy loving.

"Sure," I said, accepting the red dress, which was just my size. The fabric was incredible, so soft and strong, like the skin of a certain organ.

Another pair of sales clerks fluttered around us, finding more suits and tops for Mrs. Hubert to try on, and soon, we were being whisked back to the changing rooms, at the back of the store.

Rich people really know how to live! And shop!

The changing room entrance was like a luxury suite compared to the places I shopped at. The entry had comfortable sofas for the gentlemen, and the actual changing rooms were spacious and completely outfitted with mirrors, as well as a tall bench. Usually change rooms have those awkward low benches you feel like you're squatting on when you sit down, but this bench was pure elegance. I hung the one red dress on a hanger inside my room, then went to check on Mrs. Hubert, making sure her needs were being met.

"I like to try on everything twice," she said, removing her jacket as I stood inside the small room with her.

"You're going to do great, you have a rockin' body," I said, and I wasn't lying. She had a tiny little waist, and really nice br**sts. They looked like they cost a fortune.

She glanced down. "I should have stuck to the B-cups. These puppies are hard to fit into designer lines."

"You are one hot lady," I said.

"So are you."

I wanted to ask her something, but I wasn't sure what. Mind if I get off on your husband? No. I couldn't ask.

As though she could read my mind, she said, "Lexie, can you do me a favor?"

She unbuttoned her shirt and I wondered, with a tiny note of terror, if she wanted me to do stuff to her!

I gulped, hard. She was a really hot lady, and if I was going to indulge my bisexual curiosity, I supposed doing it with her would be as good as anyone. "Anything," I said, almost meaning it.

"I like to take my time trying on clothes." She slipped off her blouse and started to unfasten her gorgeous slacks. "Can you keep Mr. Hubert entertained?"

I gave her a sidelong look. "What do you mean ... exactly?"

"Entertain him. He's allowed to have as much fun as he wants, but he's not permitted to touch the flesh of another woman with his cock."

"What about the balls?"

She smiled. "Sure, you can play with his balls. Like I said, I like to take my time, and I don't need help shopping so much as I need a hand ... husband-sitting."

Just then, someone tapped me on the shoulder. I turned around to see the fair-skinned girl from the makeup counter, the redhead, standing behind me.

I backed out of the change room and the redhead took my place.

Ahh, so that was how it was.

I looked around the large chamber for Mr. Hubert, but he was nowhere to be found. I felt a twinge of disappointment and annoyance. He'd already gone off and found Teisha, I figured. He was probably under the counter, eating her juicy peach right that moment.

I sighed heavily and wondered what the billionaire I'd seen the day before, Mr. Thorne, was up to.

Damnit, but I needed some cheering up. I went into my changing room, determined to put on that red dress, and if it looked good, I was going to buy it for myself. To hell with my bills and my plans for starting a business. I needed to start treating myself right.

There was someone in my changing room.

I startled and held my hand to my mouth, my heart pounding.

Mr. Hubert, the silver fox, was inside the change room, sitting on the tall bench. He loosened his tie and said, "Does kitty want to play?"

My heart was still pounding, but I didn't feel it in my neck and chest anymore. All my blood flow diverted to my pu**y, which began to throb.

I clicked the changing room door closed behind me. We were alone together, in private. Well, sorta in private. People were milling around on the other side of the door, coming and going.

I said, quietly, "What did you have in mind? Wanna help me try on this dress?"

He grinned. "That's what I'm here for." He grabbed me by the waistband of my cheap, navy-blue skirt and pulled me close to him. His legs were parted and I stood within the space between his legs. He still smelled strongly of the cologne he'd been doused with, and it was intoxicating, like two glasses of wine straight to my head.

My legs shook from nervousness as he gently undid all the pearl buttons down the front of my blouse.

His hands were smooth, his fingers long.

When my blouse was undone, he ran his hands below the edge of my bra, stroking my sides and then running a finger up and down my center, pausing to play briefly around my navel.

"You like to take your time," I said, thinking of what Mrs. Hubert had also said.

He leaned forward and ran his tongue up along my stomach as an answer.

I shivered at the touch of his wet tongue.

If we'd been na**d already, I would have thrown myself desperately at him, but we weren't.

I could hear other people on the other side of the door, other women talking to the sales girls about clothes.

"Do you have this in a size six?" some woman said, at the same time as Mr. Hubert reached up under my loose-fitting skirt and rubbed the tops of my thighs.

The salesgirl said, "You're a size six? No way, you're a four, you tiny thing!"

The woman giggled.

As I was distracted by the conversation, Mr. Hubert roughly turned me around and pulled my ass down against his crotch.

He was so hard down there, inside his pants, and I hadn't even noticed!

I hiked up my skirt so I could feel him against my skin and through my panties, but he still had his pants on. I rubbed myself on the rising lump that was his manhood, restricted inside his pants.

He moaned, almost inaudibly. The ladies getting changed in the adjacent rooms wouldn't have heard him, but I did, and I loved it. I wanted to hear him moan, louder, even. I wanted us to get caught. I wanted some old lady with a tiny, yappy purse dog to yank open our change room door and shriek in horror just as Mr. Hubert's c**k exploded all over the interior of the room.

I rocked my h*ps and rubbed myself on him, angling my torso to the side so I could get a glimpse of his face behind me, in the mirror.

Just as we made eye contact, he reached up with something, sticking it against my mouth. It was one of my lollipops, that he'd pulled out of my purse. The green one. I opened my mouth and took it in, closing my eyes to show him how much I liked it.

After a few moments of grinding like this, I turned around and faced him, still sucking the lollipop. I took my blouse the rest of the way off and hung it from a hook so it didn't get rumpled on the floor.

He pointed to the bra, so I removed that next.

His eyes lit up. As he admired my br**sts, I did too.

Unlike Mrs. Hubert's, mine were natural, and they were ... in a word, spectacular. The gorgeous soft lighting inside the high-end change room made them look like million dollar babies. I wanted to stick them in my own mouth, but Mr. Hubert pulled me toward him and he gently sucked on one and then the other, flicking my ni**les with a very skilled tongue.

He took a break to kiss me, once, and I passed the green lollipop over to him, with my tongue. It clacked against his teeth as he accepted it.

My hand ran down his chest, then back up to loosen his tie further and undo his dress shirt. He leaned forward and allowed me to pull off his suit jacket and hang it on a wooden hanger inside the room. He let me remove his tie and then his shirt. His shirt was off-the-rack, not custom-made like Mr. Thorne's shirts, but it was still a luxurious, crisp cotton. I hung it from the hook, over top of my own cream-colored blouse. He was in his dress pants, and I was in my skirt, which was now bunched up around my waist, like an awkward fabric belt. I stepped back and slipped out of my skirt, so I was down to just my panties, a modest white cotton pair.

He said, around the green lollipop in his mouth, "White cotton?"

"I'm a good girl," I said. "Why, do I look like the type to wear slutty underwear?"

"I guess not," he said.

I moved to kneel down then, licking his hard little ni**les and then running my tongue through the downy silver hair leading down to his treasure.

I used one hand to massage his c**k through his pants. It felt thick, and even thicker through the fabric.

"I understand there are rules," I said.

He nodded, his eyes half-lidded with pleasure. He took the lollipop out of his mouth and said, "Just one rule."

I tried my best to stroke his member with my hand, through the pants, as I licked and sucked at delicious spots on his torso. His c**k got harder and harder in my hand.

I stood in front of him, leaning forward, then grabbed one of his hands, which had been holding the wet green lollipop. I licked and sucked on the lollipop in his hand. "So sweet," I said around the candy. "I wish I had something more substantial to put in my mouth."

He moved his other hand to my white cotton panties and slipped his fingers into them, and then paused as his fingertips made contact with my hot, wet skin.

"Never mind that," he said. "How about we switch spots?"

I agreed and switched with him, taking his spot seated on the tall bench, keeping the green lollipop in my mouth. I was enjoying the combination: green apple sweetness in my mouth, his sexy cologne and body scent in my nose, the sound of ladies shopping for clothes all around us, and his long fingers running in the wild waterpark in my panties. He pulled my cotton panties off so roughly, I heard one of the seams tear.

"Sorry," he said, looking sheepish.

"I'll buy more," I said.

He knelt before me.

I was completely na**d now, and I saw myself in the changing room mirror across from me. I looked like a hot p**n star, flushed with passion and pink all over. I held my knees together meekly, afraid of seeing my own pu**y in the mirror.

He grabbed me by the knees and made eye contact. His silver-blue eyes were kind and yet also devilish. Oh dear! What had I gotten myself into!

He forcefully pulled my legs apart and dove at me with his face, devouring my aching pu**y. I came immediately, sucking hard on the green lollipop in my mouth to keep from crying out. He slipped one finger and then two fingers in to enjoy the sensation of my walls shuddering from my pleasure.

He leaned back and looked up at me with surprise on his face. "That was all me?" he asked.

I nodded. "You did that to me."

He looked like a guy who'd just discovered something magical. "I'm going to do it again," he said, and he dove back at my quivering mound.

I arched my back. I'd been sliding down that mountain, post-climax, but with a few quick flicks of his tongue, he reversed my direction and sent me climbing back up again. I'd never experienced multiple orgasms before, but Suzanne had told me about the experiments she'd done with her husband, before they got all boring and married. The key was to not come down, but keep driving up, up to the next peak.

Mr. Hubert got more comfortable, throwing both of my legs over his shoulders, and leaning into it, giving his lips and tongue a little more power. Power! He was like a power tool, banging away at my cl*t like the Energizer bunny.

I ran one hand over his silver hair, softly, so as not to distract him from what he was doing. We'd never been together, and he didn't know me at all, and yet, he was doing everything exactly right.

He still had one finger, maybe two, inside me, and was gently stroking my walls, crooking his finger occasionally in a come hither gesture.

He hit something and I spat out the green lollipop in surprise. "What was that?" I said between panting breaths. "Holy, oh, holy, what was that?"

He pulled back his face for just a second. "Your g-spot." Then he let out a hot, steamy breath on my vag. "Want me to do it again?"

On the other side of the wall, a woman said, "Do I hear a gentleman's voice?"

The salesgirl said, "Must be something over the speakers," then the music in the rooms turned up. The song was a sassy jazz piece, not my favorite music, but as Mr. Hubert ran a skillful, firm tongue up and down my folds, darting in and out of my opening and then over and under and around my nub, I started to like the song. I put my hands on his shoulders and gripped him by his firm muscles, my fingernails leaving tiny red crescents on his lightly-freckled skin.

He tongued me some more, and I imagined his cock, trapped in his suit slacks, rigidly straining against the fabric, kissing his cotton or silk boxers with slick pre-come. I couldn't reach his crotch with my hand, but I could with my foot. I kicked off my shoes and maneuvered my foot so I could stroke his package.

He moaned, right into my pu**y, and I came, straining against him, filling his lips with mine. He continued to moan, low and throaty, covered by the sound of the jazz on the speakers, and I shuddered as I cl**axed for the second time.

And then he swirled that tongue, slid his finger in, and I came again.

Or maybe it was still the same orgasm, just dragged out.

In any case, he dragged it out and on and on, up and over, so many times I lost count.

Eventually, after my world rocked and waved a few more times, I had to beg him to stop, because I was so sensitive down there. Plus, I worried he was spoiling me for all other future experiences.

He picked up my white cotton panties and wiped his mouth on them. Then he rose, and gently kissed me on my lips.

"Mm, lollipop," he said, because I must have still had the sugar from the lolly on my lips.

He reached for my pu**y again, but I pushed his hand away. "Your turn," I said.

He stuck out his lips in a pout. "Not allowed."

"I can touch your balls. She said I could."

He looked like he considered it for a moment, then shook his head. "Better to resist temptation."

I looked around the change room, then down at his bulge, still restrained.

I felt good, shaking and warm and relaxed all over, like I'd just had a week's worth of relaxation and rejuvenation. I wanted to thank him. I really wanted to thank him.

I asked him, "What kind of socks are you wearing?"

He was standing now, up from his kneeling position at my altar of oral bliss, and he pulled up a pant leg and showed me an argyle sock. The sock looked like silk, like those hundred-dollar socks Suzanne and I would laugh at.

I said, feeling rather bold, "Take off everything from the waist down, so you're as na**d as me."

Someone knocked on the change room door.

"Hello?" I called out, stifling a naughty giggle.

"How's that red dress?"

I grabbed it and flung it over the door. I hadn't even tried it on.

He put his hands on my waist and whispered near my ear, "Say you'll take it, I'll put it on my tab." He nibbled on my earlobe.

"I'll take it," I said to the girl.

He whispered, "See if they have it in another color." He stroked my nipple, which was hardening from his touch, as hard as the lump in his pants.

"Do you have it in ... black?" I asked.

The woman said, "I'll see. I might be a while."

"That's fine!" I said.

Mr. Hubert was already taking off his shoes and socks.

We switched spots again. I turned and got down on my knees so I could be eye level when he revealed his package.

He was lovely. Slender and pale, like him, with the slightest curve. My mouth watered to take it in, but he pulled away from me before I could catch the head with my lips.

He said, "The rules. I can touch it and you can watch. That works fine."

"Sounds good," I said, then I picked up one of his socks.

He gave me a funny look, then he understood. He nodded.

The sock was fresh and clean, or I wouldn't have even attempted such a trick. He must have put the socks on just before heading out on the shopping trip, and his shoes were brand new, slightly scented of leather.

I pulled the argyle-patterned sock down over his shaft and gave him a wicked little grin.

"Will this work?" I asked, careful to hold back.

"Be gentle," he said.

I grabbed onto the base with one hand and the tip with the other hand, the sock keeping our flesh apart, technically.

"I take it back," he said. "Don't be gentle."

I tugged away, pulling at his throbbing c**k through the thin, silky sock. The sock wasn't much thicker than a sturdy condom, and if I didn't look directly at the argyle pattern, the endeavor didn't seem so odd at all.

He seemed like he was about to blow any second, so I decided to slow it down a little. I released his dick from my hands and leaned forward, still on my knees, nuzzling my cheek against it, still socked. I used my chin to nudge at his balls, covered in fine salt-and-pepper hairs that hadn't turned as silver as the ones on his head. I stuck out my tongue and gently cupped one, then the other ball.

His sword strained toward me, rubbing against my cheek, his h*ps thrusting eagerly.

I grabbed onto his butt cheeks with both hands and plunged his head and shaft into my mouth.

He bucked and quivered, coming instantly. His hands covered my hands, still on his butt, and he pumped toward my face a few times, amping up his own orgasm, which was only fair, after the treat he'd given me.

When he released my hands, I reached up and gently grabbed him by the base, still honoring the agreement by keeping the sock between his flesh and mine. When he was finished his spasms, I withdrew him.

Mr. Hubert, the silver fox, looked down at me with sweet gratitude. His voice relaxed, he said, "That was amazing."

Someone else was making a noise, and we both cocked our heads at once. We heard a woman cry out, whimpering with sounds of pleasure.

"That'll be the Missus," he said to me.

He was still seated on the bench and lazily pulled me down to sit on his lap, the sock on his member between us. The sock actually did a nice job of keeping everything tidy-like a condom, but about a thousand times kinkier. I added expensive silk socks to my list of possible sex-related purchases. A girl did well to try new things.

Once my body made contact with his warm lap, I realized I'd gotten a bit chilly post-climax, with no clothes on, moist with the sexual sweat of several orgasms.

I asked him, "So she's allowed to touch other women?"

"That's right," he said. "But not men."

"Ah. Restrictions."

"Some things we save for each other."

He kissed me on my shoulder blades. I felt his member come to life underneath me. He rocked his hips, and his soldier awakened and knocked at my back door.

I stood up quickly. "I should get dressed," I said.

Just then, a black dress whipped into the room, over the top of the change room door.

"Perfect," he said, grinning.

The dress was backless, so it wouldn't be worn with a bra anyway. I tucked my nude-colored bra and my white cotton panties in my purse, next to the sticky, wet lollipop, and put on the black dress.

"Wear it out of here," he said. "You look so great. I'm saving this image of you, in my mind."

He pulled off the sock and stared at it, as though confused about what had happened, then he tossed it in the garbage bin, a bin I hadn't noticed sitting in the corner. He picked up the other sock and tossed it in as well. Within a minute, we were both completely dressed, and had both fixed our hair.

"You go out first," he said. "I'll follow in a minute. Check to see if the Missus is good to go. Ask her if she's ready for a man to stretch out her lady-licked pu**y."

I covered my mouth with one hand. "Goodness! I don't know if I can say that."

He leaned back on the bench and reached for his cell phone. "Get creative," he said. "Thanks, Charlotte."

I started to tell him my name was Lexie, but then I stopped. It didn't matter. We'd had our fun, and now I had a great memory, and so did he.

I left the change room with my modest clothes folded over my arm, and told the shop girl waiting in the adjoining room that I'd decided to wear the dress out.

As the girl was removing the tag, Mr. Hubert appeared and instructed her to put the two dresses on his bill, along with whatever Mrs. Hubert picked out.

The girl nodded and took me over to the wrap station, where she folded up the red dress for me.

A lithe arm snaked around my waist. I turned to see Mrs. Hubert, flushed and looking ten years younger, standing at my side.

Mr. Hubert said to us both, "If you'll excuse me, lovely ladies, I've gotten a business call just now that I must attend to. I'll take a taxi and leave the driver here for you to get home." He made a disgusted face.

Mrs. Hubert sighed and said, "Not Thorne again."

Mr. Hubert frowned and said, "He is a literal thorn in my side. The name is so apt."

She nodded at him, dismissing him. "Go get him."

He turned and walked off, the silver fox leaving the scene.

So ... Mr. Hubert had business dealings with Mr. Thorne. What a small world!

I'd been trying to forget about the man, and here the idea of him kept popping up, as though the universe was trying to send me a message.

I turned to Mrs. Hubert. "What next? Did you need a second opinion on anything you tried on?"

The pale girl from the makeup counter scurried by, looking disheveled, with messed-up hair and makeup.

Mrs. Hubert said, "I got what I came for." She nodded at an impressive stack of clothing next to my neatly-folded red dress. "Plus those."

"Super," I said, and I meant it. Making people happy made me happy.

She gave me a kind smile. "What a great day this has been."

Part 3: The Fireman

Exactly one week after my first personal shopping job and my first change-room multiple orgasm (or, really, my first anywhere multiple orgasm) I wore the black dress to meet my friend Jacob for cocktails. And by cocktails, I mean mostly cock.

Jacob, you see, was what people euphemistically call a f**k buddy. Wait, that's not a euphemism, is it? I suppose a euphemism would be "special friend." Fuck buddy pretty much says it like it is.

For the sake of prolonging the action, we met for drinks at the fancy restaurant under his condo. The bar at the restaurant was much hotter than what waited for us upstairs, which was a fold-out bed in a modest bachelor apartment. Jacob kept the place somewhat tidy, but it didn't make my pulse race quite like all the shiny polished surfaces downstairs in the lounge.

He brought me over a martini and sat a respectable distance away, on the fainting sofa-it was one of those thinly-upholstered deals with a back and one arm on one side. The thing looked perfect for sex, because you could go one way and use the arm for pumping leverage, or do a one-eighty and let your feet stick off the end.

I was eyeballing up the sofa for position possibilities as Jacob eyeballed my hot, new dress.

"That's not cheap," he said.

"Neither am I."

He pulled out his wallet and took a peek. "I can buy you two more of those martinis, so long as I nurse this light beer."

"Sounds good. We can't have you losing your ... edge."

He leaned in and nuzzled me on the ear. "Come on, Lexie, drink up and let's go upstairs."

"Don't you want to know how I got this dress?"

"I want your sexy black dress on my floor. I'm gonna pound your pu**y."

I pulled away from him, simultaneously turned on and also revolted by his vulgar talk. Jacob had that push-pull effect on me, which was why we weren't a regular item.

He leaned in and said, "I'm going to eat that dirty pu**y that you've been sitting on all day. Then I'm going to ram my c**k down your throat until you're gagging on cum."

I pushed him away. "Eugh. Really? You watch too much p**n o. That shit's ruining your mind."

He shrugged. "Talking dirty is hot."

I sipped my martini, waiting for my revulsion versus attraction to slip closer to the positive. "I'll only go upstairs if you promise you won't say another word."

"No can do. I like to vocalize."

"Fine. I'll give you a list of words, and you can only say those select words."

He raised his eyebrows and chugged half his beer, then wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, which triggered a memory of the last time he went down on me. Once he had his mouth full and shut up, Jacob could be a fun guy.

I quaffed back the rest of the martini, then counted off some words on my fingers. "Good. Yes. Pussy."

He leaned in, excited. "And what else?"

"That's it. Three words."

He stroked his non-existent beard. Jacob had black hair, a dark complexion, and short, curly hair. I'd never seen him with a beard, and his body was remarkably hairless. He had a wide, handsome chin and a prominent brow-very masculine, so no reason for a beard.

"I've been working out," he said, rolling up a sleeve to show me a thick bicep.

I said, a little on the loud side, "I hope you did a lot of core work, because that's where the f**king comes from."

An older couple heard me and turned to give us a scandalized look. I sat up straighter and enjoyed their moral outrage.

Jacob moved in closer, took one of my hands, and kissed it romantically.

Loud enough for the couple to hear, I said, "Take me upstairs and stick your big c**k in my mouth."

The older woman looked like she might have a heart attack.

Jacob jumped up from the fainting sofa and scooped me up in his arms like a fireman-which he was.

"My hero," I said, swooning into his wide, fireman chest.

The older man gave Jacob the thumbs-up as he carried me out of the lounge.

We got into the mirrored elevator, where Jacob set me down. Next, he dropped to his knees, stuck his head under my dress, and blew hot air on my pu**y, through my underpants.

I giggled and said, "Isn't there a camera in here?"

He stood and kissed me, gently, rubbing his hardening bulge against my crotch. I reflexively parted my legs to let him get closer to my aching center.

It had been a week, seven full days, since I'd had pleasure. I hadn't touched myself since my encounter with Mr. Hubert in the changing room. Oh, I'd tried, a few half-hearted attempts, but I just couldn't get myself going on my own.

I even went looking for p**n o on my laptop, but the stuff I found wasn't doing anything for me. Unless it's really good quality, I find myself wondering about the people in the scenes. Does that woman have kids at home? What about the guy? Is he on Viagra, or is he really that happy to f**k some screaming nymphette in both holes?

We got to his floor, the elevator dinged, and Jacob was grinding himself into me like a male dancer.

"Easy, Mr. Fireman," I said. "Save some for inside."

He grabbed my hand and pulled me out of the mirrored elevator. "I'm gonna pound that pu**y hard."

As he unlocked his door, I reminded him of our deal. "Three words. Good, yes, and pu**y. Nothing else. You can pound it all you want, but you can't say you're pounding it."

He stopped and gave me an annoyed look. "You're serious. Lexie. Come the f**k on. You know me. You know I can't get my rocks off if I'm not vocalizing a bit."

I grabbed his bulge and squeezed it. "You'll get off. I guaran-fucking-tee it. But do me a solid with the one-time ban on dirty talk. Just this one time. I'll make it worth your while."

"You'll suck it?"

I thought about our past experiences. I rarely sucked his cock, and I didn't know why. He had a nice one, and yet, me giving him oral hadn't happened much over our f**k buddy history.

"I'll suck it like it's a diamond ring. Wait, that made no sense. I'll suck it like it's a drippy ice cream and I'm hot and starving. I'll suck it like it's chocolate ice cream."

He nodded and unlocked the door. "Good. Yes. Pussy."

Once inside, we got straight to business. I dimmed the lights, he folded out the sofa bed, and we rolled onto the mattress, which had no sheets.

"No sheets!" I exclaimed in horror.

"They're in the wash. I only have one set." He realized he'd said banned words and clamped his hand over his mouth, then said, "Pussy."

He rolled onto his back and pulled me astride him on the bare mattress. I felt his stiff tool under my panties, which were getting moist, thanks to the martini downstairs, and the sight of Fireman Jacob pulling off his shirt.

I rounded my back, leaning forward, and licked his ni**les. He tasted shower-fresh, and I got excited about what I was about to do. Since my little changing-room excitement a week earlier, I'd been craving actual flesh in my mouth, and not covered in a weird sock, no matter how expensive and classy the sock was.

I undid Jacob's pants and let his big boy out to play, just as my phone rang.

"Might be work," I said, excusing myself.

Jacob pointed to me and said, "Pussy."

I answered the phone, thinking it could be Suzanne with a last-minute job for the next day. I'd been paid my regular day rate to help Mrs. Hubert "shop," but I hadn't had any cash since then, and I was hard-up in more ways than one.

A man's voice came from the phone, "Candy, please."

"You must have the wrong number," I said.

He sounded forceful. "No, I don't. Let me talk to Candy."

I looked over at Jacob, who was keeping himself firmed up with a little light hand action as he watched me. I propped my leg up on the arm of the sofa to give him a little looksee while I was on the phone.

"Fine. This is Candy," I said. "Who's this?"

When I'd been at Mr. Thorne's mansion over a week ago, he'd made a call to what I assumed was a phone sex line, and jerked off to the vocal stylings of someone named Candy. And now, he was phoning me? Calling me by her name? What game was he playing?

"Who's this?" I repeated.

"Ricardo," he said.

"Bullshit."

I reached around and unzipped my dress in one movement, letting it fall to the floor. I unfastened the bra and let it drop, along with my panties.

Over on the pull-out sofa bed, Jacob's eyes got huge. He nodded for me to come over, as he wriggled all the way out of his pants and kicked them aside.

"I know who this is," I said into the phone as I got onto the bed with Jacob. "You want me to put you in my mouth and describe it, don't you?"

The man I assumed was Mr. Luthor Thorne, said politely, "Oh, if you wouldn't mind."

Jacob and I were completely na**d now, with nothing between us. I held the phone in one hand as I knelt on the bed between Jacob's legs and lowered my lips to the head of his eager tool. I kissed the ridge and tickled the cute little groove in the middle with the tip of my tongue.

Jacob moaned.

"Who's that?" came the man's voice over the phone.

"Nobody. I'm all alone," I lied. "I had a video on, but I just turned it off. I'm ready to give you my full attention, baby."

"Good," he said. "Candy, I want you. I can smell you in my bedroom."

"Mmm," I said, because my mouth was full of Jacob's delicious head. It was so yummy, I wanted to run my teeth over it, but I didn't want him to scream. I popped his lollipop back out of my mouth for a moment.

I held the phone to my br**sts, muting my voice, and said softly to Jacob, "How would you like to stay absolutely quiet while I give you the blowjob of your life? One thing, though. I'm going to simultaneously describe it into my phone. Is that okay with you?"

He nodded eagerly, then whispered, "Good. Yes."

What followed next was not as awkward as you'd think. I used one hand to hold the phone and the other one to help along the work.

As I ran my tongue up and down the shaft, I described it over the phone. I imagined Mr. Luthor Thorne in his mansion, in the bedroom where I'd rearranged his furniture. I pictured him wearing one of those custom-made dress shirts of his, maybe the one I'd worn over my na**d body when I'd pleasured myself in his walk-in closet.

My sturdy Jacob squirmed under me, but, true to his promise, he didn't make a sound. My lips and tongue made smacking sounds as I put his lovely fireman's hose in and out of my mouth, caressing all those nibbly edges with my hungry lips.

I was so into the job, in fact, that Mr. Thorne finished, with one grunt and then a moan into the phone, and I kept going, sucking on the tool in front of me, enjoying every delicious inch of it in my mouth.

"Have a good day," Mr. Thorne said into the phone, and then he was gone.

I peeked at the screen and checked for the phone number, still sucking away on Jacob's lollipop. Weird. The number was unlisted. "Hmm," I said, my mouth full of man meat.

The vibration of me saying Hmm was what finally put Jacob over the edge, and he bucked and jerked underneath me, f**king my mouth and filling it with his orgasm.

I squeezed his base with my hand, to help him enjoy it even more, and he glanced down to be sure I was off the phone, then he exclaimed, "Good! Yes! Pussy!"

After he finished, I tossed my head back and then laughed. "Good! Yes!" I repeated.

He sighed, trembled a little, and then called me up to lie alongside him. He kissed me sweetly on my forehead, then sat up so he could get his fingers between my legs. Jacob was usually up for two to four rounds per sleepover, so I knew he'd be good to go again in a few minutes.

Usually, I would have parted my legs and let him tickle my nub while we waited for him to get online, but I couldn't take my mind off the phone call. Mr. Luthor Thorne had my number, and that was what he did with it? Call me and treat me like a stranger, like a phone sex worker?

"Good?" Jacob said, digging his hand between my thighs, trying to get at me. "Pussy? Yes?"

I sighed. "You can talk normally now. I'm sorry I made you do that, but you were a great sport."

"Pussy," he said, leaning in to suck on my nipple right as his fingers made contact. My folds were wetter than expected, and his touch did feel good. I was still mad as hell at Luthor Thorne for calling me Candy, but I was also angry at myself for giving him exactly what he wanted-phone sex, no muss, no fuss, no dates or promises.

"I should go home," I said to Jacob.

Then he did a new thing, a thing Jacob had never done before. He took his slick finger, dialed it over my nub, through my folds, and then down, past my regular entrance, and down to my back door. "Good?" He rubbed around the area, relaxing it as he probed with one finger.

I glanced down at his member, which was almost completely at attention.

"I don't know," I said.

"Yes?"

The tip of his finger slipped in. The sensation was unusual. I'd never had anything in there-hadn't seen how it could possibly feel good, but it did. It felt good.

I rolled over to him and kissed him on the mouth, passionately.

I draped one leg across him so he had easier access, and he kept fingering me, in both spots at once. This went on for a blissful amount of time, and I lost all track of what way was up or down, or what day it was. I forgot my own name.

He said, "Good?"

"Yes. Don't stop. Just keep doing it like that."

His thumb was doing the most important part, working my nub, around and around, over and up and down the sides. He twirled in circles around the spot, until I was panting in his mouth, both of us sharing the same oxygen. I didn't know about him, but I was getting lightheaded, and I loved it.

I was so close, but I couldn't get quite enough pressure on my cl*t to put me over, so I straddled him and shoved his tool inside me, riding it down, inch by inch, until he was buried in me. I rocked forward and back, and got his hand rearranged so his thumb could keep doing its job.

I thought about Luthor Thorne, and how if I ever got my hands on him again, I'd make sure he never forgot me, never forgot my name.

My back broke out in a sweat and I panted some more, breathing heavily in and out of Jacob's mouth as he did the same. He moved under me, all muscle, all man, that gorgeous fireman I had at my beck and call to give me pleasure whenever I needed it. Then he started to come, moaning into my mouth, and I didn't need an invitation, because I dug my fingers into his arms, and I came with him.

The waves of pleasure washed over both of us together, and we were joined in one fantastic f**king orgasm.

It went on and on, like a gorgeous orchestra of sexual pleasure.

When it was over, I pulled away, rolled off, and went to his washroom to have a shower.

I turned on the water, got it to the perfect temperature, and stepped in.

I didn't want to be in Jacob's apartment anymore, so I made my shower quick. I was stepping out when Jacob came in to join me.

"It's all yours," I said.

He stepped into the walk-in shower and slapped my wet butt as I walked past. "Wanna order some pizza?"

I thought about falling asleep there versus at my own comfortable place, where there were actual sheets on the bed, even if they weren't as luxurious as what Mr. Thorne had on his fancy bed.

"I have to work in the morning," I said, lying.

"You're the best, Lexie," he said, giving me another quick kiss on the cheek, then stretching up to wash his hair under the rainhead nozzle. "Hey, who was that on the phone, anyway?"

"Wrong number," I said. "Really wrong."

THE END OF

BORROWED BILLIONAIRE #2

