Prologue

Heather's Eighteenth Birthday

Amber watched her friend blow out the eighteen birthday candles decorating her cake. She sipped from the water bottle and cheered when it was the right moment. There were times she wished she could do more than simply look in on her friends. Ashley was cheering while Connie was slicing up the cake. They were all close friends. Since they were kids they'd always been good friends, but through high-school their friendship tightened. They were big girls and would never fit in with the popular crowd. Amber liked it like that. She wouldn't change to fit what other girls wanted. Ashley, Connie, and Heather all accepted her for who she was, and none of them pressured her to be something different. She loved them like sisters, and they were as close to sisters she'd ever get.

"Shouldn't you be with them?" Elijah asked.

She turned as he came up behind her. He never failed to make her hot. Her response to him was embarrassing.

"I-I d-don't k-know." She only ever stammered around him. Staring at the floor she shivered as his breath whispered across the back of her neck. He was too close, and there was no way for her to fight her response to him.

"Are you nervous, Amber?"

He knew her name? Shit, of course he knew her name. She was best friends with Heather. Also, they had shared many more moments than these. Whenever she stayed over he was always around, staring at her. God, his voice was pure sin.

"No, of course not."

A gasp escaped her lips as his fingers caressed along her arm. "I make you nervous." His hand banded around her waist, pulling her closer against him.

"Why are you doing this?" she asked.

She wasn't stupid when it came to sex. Being a virgin didn't mean she didn't understand what was prodding against her ass. Ashley was the most adventurous of the group whereas Amber liked to be left alone most of the time.

"You want me, Amber, and I want you."

It was always like this between them. She didn't understand it at all. Why was he doing this to her? He could have any girl he ever wanted, and yet he was here, holding her and making her feel like she was the only woman on the planet.

"Why?" she asked.

He tugged her back until he was getting her to follow him upstairs. The moment the door closed behind her, his lips were on hers stopping any question from spilling out of her lips. She moaned, wrapping her arms around his neck, holding onto him for dear life. Elijah made her feel things she'd thought was long since dead. How could she open up like this with Heather as her best friend? Heather hated her brother, and this always felt like a betrayal. Her friend felt like her parents resented her whereas Elijah was the golden boy. He could do no wrong. Amber had stayed up many nights listening to Heather complain about how perfect Elijah was even though he didn't get the best grades or help with chores. Those nights Amber agreed with her friend's assessment, trying to be supportive. But there was something about Elijah that called to every part of her body.

Pushing the excuses from the back of her mind, she focused on him right now.

Had their heated gazes and swift conversation led to this moment?

"I can't get enough of you," he said, pressing kisses down to her neck.

She pulled on his hair bringing his lips back up to her mouth. For the longest time she'd had a crush on Heather's big brother. Amber tried her hardest to hide her feelings, but it was getting harder and harder every day. He no longer lived in the same house as Heather, but she knew his parents kept his room the same for whenever he visited, which was often.

The sound of the lock turning made heat swamp her pu**y. She was desperate to feel him.

Elijah wrapped his arms around her middle and moved her toward his bed. He lowered her to the bed.

"I've got to have you. I need to get you out of my mind," he said. "I can't concentrate on anything but you."

For most of her life she'd been bullied because of her weight. Her mother was always pressuring her to go on a diet, and the guys in high school only valued thin, blonde women. She was a redhead with curves all over the place. Amber had to deal with having a thick waist, large br**sts, and plump thighs.

She hated her shape, and her mother made her feel overweight, fat, and ugly.

In Elijah's arms she could finally feel beautiful.

He unbuckled the belt holding his jeans up. She'd never been with a man before and couldn't find the words to tell him.

His fingers caressed her knee bringing her skirt up. This was really happening.

Doubts assailed her, and she couldn't bring herself to stop him. Amber knew she should stop him, but she couldn't. This was her only chance to experience something and know the guy wouldn't go tattling to all his friends.

When Ashley had given her virginity up to the captain of the football team, the loser made her life a misery. Amber had witnessed it, and Ashley was a hard person inside and out. No one was breaking through that shell she kept over her heart.

It was now or never. She couldn't stop, as otherwise she'd regret her decision.

Leaning forward, she pushed his jeans down, exposing his long length of cock.

She stared at the length of him, amazed at how long and thick he was. He'd fit. Man and woman were supposed to fit in these situations.

"I need you, Amber. Tell me you need me."

None of his words were making sense. The couple of beers she'd drunk were going to her head. She should be more like Connie and not drink at all. Had this been a long time in coming?

His lips were back on hers before she got chance to say anything. Elijah's tongue and hands were everywhere, making it impossible for her to think clearly. He pushed the hair off her face, exposing her to more of his kisses. In no time at all, her skirt was pulled off along with her panties. She cried out as he pressed a palm against her na**d pu**y.

"So f**king wet and perfect. I can't get you out of my head."

He dropped to the bed, settling between her thighs. She couldn't speak, and she didn't want to. This moment was purely for her. He wouldn't say anything to anyone, and she could hold this tightly within her heart for the rest of her life without any fear.

Elijah tore at her blouse, sending buttons in either direction. She giggled and then groaned as he started to suck on one and then the other nipple he'd exposed.

"You're better than I imagined."

She felt him caress her pu**y, sliding his fingers along her slit, drawing out her pleasure. Amber bit down on her lip to stop herself from crying out. She was so turned on.

"I can't wait. I need to have you now," he said. And she was more than happy to give it to him.

****

Elijah knew he was going straight to hell. He never should be thinking about his sister's best friend. Heather had three best friends, and the only one he thought about was Amber Phelps. He couldn't get her out of his mind. At night he found himself dreaming about her. Even when he lived back home and he used to watch his sister, Amber always caught his eye. He was a sick bastard as he was a good ten years older than she was. His feelings hadn't started going to the obsessive until she'd turned seventeen. He still shouldn't have been looking at her.

Now, they were both at consensual age, and he could do what he wanted. There was no way she was a virgin. She was too damn sexy to be a virgin. His full-figured, red-headed woman was just ... perfect. No other words could describe her.

The feel of her silken pu**y was too much. He grabbed a condom from the back pocket of his jeans, which were pooled around his ankles. Quickly sheathing his c**k with the latex, he gripped her hip and seated himself inside her warm, tight pu**y.

She screamed, and he didn't want to know the truth of why she was in pain. Staring into her eyes, Elijah realized the truth and his f**king mistake. Amber was a virgin, and he was her first man.

Closing his eyes he tried to be angry, but all he felt was relief. He made a promise to himself in that moment. Amber would never know the touch of another man. Elijah would make sure no man would ever want to come near her. He would own every inch of her.

She was in his arms, in his bed with his c**k deep inside her body, and he was making a claim on her. There was no way she was getting away from him a second time.

Pulling out of her tight heat, Elijah plunged back inside. Slipping a hand between them, he started to finger her swollen clit. He wanted to hear her scream his name in pleasure.

Tears glistened in her eyes, and he leaned down, kissing her lips.

"I'm sorry," he said, meaning it.

A gentleman would have stopped. A gentleman wouldn't have continued. He was not a gentleman. He was a Dom, and even he knew he couldn't use that as an excuse for his actions. There was no excuse.

Stroking her clit, he brought her to orgasm, watching the pleasure cross her face as he took her. He started out slow, caressing her cl*t and sucking on her br**sts.

She was so damn perfect. He couldn't imagine not having her. She was truly perfect to him.

Sliding in and out of her warm heat drove his obsession deeper down. There was no way one quick f**k was ever going to get him over her. Amber was in his mind, in his blood, and she'd stay there for the rest of his life.

He drove into her harder, feeling the first stirrings of orgasm start to build.

"Come for me, baby," he said, flicking her clit.

Amber followed his directions like a perfect submissive.

She's too f**king young.

Blanking out the thoughts, Elijah slowed down his thrusts, bringing Amber to several more orgasms before he found release.

When he could no longer hold off his release, Elijah wrapped his arms around her and moaned against her skin as his seed poured into the waiting condom. He wanted to have her without anything between them. There was no way she'd be on birth control.

Resting his head on her br**sts he took several deep breaths needing to gain control of himself.

"Elijah?" she asked.

He lifted his head. "What, baby?"

"Are you, erm, finished? You're squashing me."

Anger consumed him. He lifted up on his arms and pulled out of her wetness. Staring down at the evidence of her innocence, he went to his personal bathroom. Quickly, he grabbed a towel and a cloth then returned to find her trying to dress.

"Sit the f**k down. You're not going anywhere until I've cleaned you up. I'm not having any arguments either."

"You don't have to do that."

"Sit down!" Her gaze went to the door before she sat down on his bed.

Moving close to her, he knelt before her. Amber's face was bright red. The color almost matched the shade of her hair.

Shaking his head, he cleaned away the few specks of blood. Cursing in his head, Elijah returned the soiled towel and cloth to the bathroom.

Returning to his room, Elijah was overcome with possessive anger. He could have hurt her because she hadn't told him the truth. Before he reined in his anger, Elijah grabbed Amber, hauled her over his knee and started to slap her ass.

While he'd been gone she'd pulled the skirt down to cover her ass so her flesh was given a certain amount of protection, but not enough to hide away from his anger.

He was so f**king mad.

When he was finished, he made her sit on the bed and look at him. "Don't you ever let a guy do that to you, do you understand me?"

"Do what?" she asked, crying. He saw the tears in her eyes but also the peace that seemed to flash back at him. Elijah didn't want to think about what her emotions meant. In the wrong hands they were dangerous. He couldn't risk anything happening to his sweet Amber. That's how he'd come to see her, as his.

"You're my woman, Amber. Mine, no man is allowed near you. Never let them do what I've done, do you understand?" he asked.

They were not the words he was going to speak. He was going to tell her to never let a man hurt her and to make sure she was ready before taking another man.

Holding her in his arms, Elijah kissed her head, offering her all the comfort he could give her. He was totally twisted inside, and yet all he wanted to do was love her. She was the first and only woman to ever make him care.

He fell asleep with Amber in his arms, but when he woke up she was gone.

****

Over the years he flitted in and out of Amber's life until he met her at Club Kink when she was twenty-one years old and looking for a reason as to why she liked being dominated. He couldn't believe what was happening, but over the course of the next four years, he pushed her away until she saw him trying to take on another sub. After that, Elijah tried to move on. Amber was too much of an addiction, and he was too far gone to let her slip through his fingers. Going back to his sister was an excuse. He was really going back for his woman, for his sweet Amber.

Chapter One

Amber Phelps smacked her head against her apartment door. Why couldn't he leave her alone? She'd done everything in the rule book to get over him, and yet, here he was, still hassling her. What more did she have to do to prove to him she'd moved on?

"I know you're in there. I heard you tell Heather over thirty minutes ago that you were not leaving your apartment," Elijah Booth said through her door. She shouldn't be able to hear him.

She made a mental note to complain to her apartment manager about the thinness of the wall, if there was such a thing.

Opening the door, she peeked through the gap that the chain lock allowed. "What? What do you want?"

"Is that any way to speak to me?" he asked.

"I signed a contract, and I did everything by the book. You can't be throwing titles at me or demands. I'm a free woman, and I left all that crap behind." She had no choice but to leave that life behind when she left Club Kink. It was an exclusive club in the big city. She'd cancelled her registration and asked not to be contacted by any of the Doms or subs there. Tyler, the owner of the club, had made sure she didn't have any trouble. Leaving the club had been her own decision, and there was no way she'd be going back.

None of her friends knew about her foray into domination and submission. She'd become addicted to it because of the man she was trying to avoid. Ever since he'd spanked her and f**ked her at Heather's eighteenth birthday party she'd been smitten with him. She'd been eighteen for over three months before Heather and always had a crush on Elijah. Never in all of her life did she imagine he'd want her back.

He didn't want me. All Elijah ever wanted to do was mold me and control me into what he wanted.

Closing her eyes she shut out the pain that he'd caused. Whenever he was around she went into her old ways of thinking he was her master. She still couldn't believe she'd kept her submission and her relationship with Elijah a secret from her friends. Heather didn't even know the truth. She'd kept it a secret for so long that lying to them had become so easy.

There was no way she'd ever be able to tell them the truth.

"I know you did everything you could to get away from it, Amber. I'm not here because of the club."

She went to shut the door, but he pressed a hand to the wood, stopping her. Amber was always surprised by his strength when he used it against her. There were times he was one of the nicest men she'd ever seen.

"Then why are you here? The last time I saw you, you were trying out other subs, Elijah. I don't want you here at my place."

Amber wasn't stupid. She should have known Elijah was going to move on once he grew bored of her. On the last day of her entering the club, she'd seen him caressing a skinny blonde woman. She didn't know the woman's name and didn't really care. The desire in his eyes couldn't be masked, and the way they'd dimmed when they saw her spoke volumes. She couldn't be with a man who didn't want her. Elijah was her first and the only man she'd been with. It was pathetic, and she wished she could change it. She'd tried to date other men, but no one could match Elijah. He was a force all on his own.

"I need to talk to you. Please, let me in."

His fingers caressed her hand. She pulled away, not wanting his contact. All she wanted to do was let him in.

"No, you're breaking the rules. You shouldn't be here."

"I'm not breaking any rules. I'm here for you, Amber."

"What?" She couldn't believe a word that came out of his mouth. It was too dangerous, and Amber knew she'd give herself too easily to him.

"I left Club Kink behind. I'm here for you, and I'm going to start a new life with you."

His words would have meant so much to her over a year ago. Now, his words fell on deaf ears.

"What happened to my replacement?" she asked.

"I was stupid and scared, okay?"

"What could you possibly be afraid of?" She was getting angry. This was not the way she wanted to spend Friday afternoon. She was supposed to be meeting her friends at Wade's club. Connie was supposed to be singing as her friend was trying to build her confidence.

"You've got no idea, do you?" he asked, staring at her.

"I've not got time for this. I need to get ready."

"Five minutes of your time, Amber. Please, I need to see you without Heather or the others being around you."

She nibbled her lip, hoping he'd just leave. He'd never been to her apartment before. All of their interactions had taken place at Club Kink or his old penthouse, which he'd sold, according to Heather.

"You really shouldn't be here," she said.

He took a step closer. "Please, pet."

"Don't. I'm not that thing anymore."

Pushing the door closed, she unlatched the chain and opened the door. The only way to get rid of him was to let him have what he wanted. Rubbing her palms down the front of her jeans, Amber walked toward her kitchen and finished pouring herself a coffee. She made sure to pour Elijah a coffee.

She heard the door close and tried not to tense. Turning around she saw him stood at the far end of the counter. The silence stretched between them. Amber moved closer to him and handed him the cup she'd made.

"I don't know how you take it." She'd never been given that privilege of knowing more about him.

"Amber, why did you leave?" he asked, taking the cup she offered.

"It was time for me to move on. You should know that. I saw you with Blondie, and I knew it was time for me to move on. I'm not really for that scene, and I never should have been there in the first place."

He moved quickly, trapping her against his hard body and the side of the kitchen counter. Elijah took the cup from her fingers.

"What are you doing?" she asked, nervous.

"You're a submissive, Amber. I've known it for a long time. I never should have spanked or f**ked you when I did, but I couldn't stop myself. You call to a part of me I try to keep buried."

He cupped her cheek making it hard for her to turn away. His dark brown gaze had always fascinated her. She didn't know why. His eyes were only brown. There was nothing fascinating about brown eyes.

"Stop this," she said.

"No, I'm not stopping this."

****

Elijah stared into her green eyes and knew he'd do everything in his power to make things right between them. He'd hurt her badly, and only he could fix what he'd broken. When he'd arrived at his sister's door several months ago he'd lied. He loved his sister deeply, but the real reason he'd come around was because of Amber.

She'd left him over six months ago. One moment she'd been a member of Club Kink, and then she'd been gone, like she was never there. At first he'd tried to move on and take another sub, but none of them were like Amber. The woman before him understood him. She got him and never pushed for more.

"Why did you come back?" she asked, tears in her eyes.

He hated causing her physical pain. Spanking her, tying her up, and being a dominant was different from literally hurting her with his presence.

Leaning down, he brushed his lips across hers and moaned. She tasted so damn sweet. Would there ever be a time when he wasn't so taken by her?

Her hand went to his chest. She tried to push him away. He felt it in the shoves until eventually she fisted his shirt, tugging him close.

Gripping her waist, he lifted her up on the counter. The movement sent her coffee cup flying, spilling the contents over the side and the cup clattering to the floor.

"I need you," she said, moaning, whimpering with need.

Elijah gripped her waist, slamming his lips on hers to bring her closer to orgasm. This is what it was always like with them. The burning heat and the sizzling fire blazed thicker than ever before. He truly thought he was going to get burned or the fire was going to burn out. With Amber, the passion and flames only seemed to burn forever brighter.

All too soon, Amber shoved him away. "No, I'm not doing this. You shouldn't be here. You shouldn't be coming here."

He stepped back and watched as she started to clean up the mess from the coffee and the cup.

"We need to talk."

"No, no more talking. I'm not your pet or your sweet Amber. I'm me, Elijah. I'm Heather's best friend and someone you barely know." She threw the cup in the sink. Going up behind her, Elijah nibbled on her neck, banding his arms around her waist as he did.

"I know you better than Heather. I'm the only person you've ever allowed to see the real you, and do you know what I see?" he asked, pushing her like he always did.

Amber was such a contradiction of submissive fire. She could do as she was told and walk through any scene he put her through. He could tan her ass with the coiled whip and she'd still not scream out. If he made her uncomfortable or she didn't want his attention then she'd curse, scream, and fight until he backed down.

Her passionate nature was how he knew when she screamed red, he was taking things too far. When she'd witnessed him with the thin, blonde woman, Erika, he'd pushed her too far. He didn't know what he was hoping to achieve by her seeing him with another woman. An outburst? Some hint that she cared about him? He was looking for anything to convince him that he meant more to Amber than a Dom. Not once in all the years they'd been together had she talked about her feelings. He wasn't attracted to Erika at all. She'd been someone he used to try to get closer to the real woman he wanted. His plan backfired, and he'd lost Amber.

From the very beginning, Heather's eighteenth birthday, their time together had been a struggle. They'd never come clean or been on a real date. Nothing between them was conventional. They gravitated toward each other like two magnets that really were the polar opposites.

"What do you see?" she asked. Her body was rigid and tense.

"I see a beautiful woman who is unsure of where the future will take her. You're lonely, Amber, and I can take that loneliness away. I really can." She snorted, but he continued. "We can be together."

"No," she said, shaking her head. "We can't be together. It's impossible."

"You're running from me," he said, getting angry with her.

"No, I'm not running at all."

He nibbled on her neck, trying to get her to relax against him. She remained tense in his arms. Letting out a sigh, he spun her to face him, getting covered with soap as he did.

"What happened with the blonde?" she asked, before he got a chance to say anything.

"What?"

"The blonde? The one you were intent on f**king and claiming as your sub. Tell me, Elijah, Sir, were you going to tell me before or after you made it official?"

She was trying to make him angry. He saw her deflection and hated the fact he'd been the one to cause it. She didn't deserve that.

"I was never going to claim that woman."

"Don't try and fool me, Elijah."

He cupped her face, staring into her eyes. The pain reflecting out at him drove him insane. There was a time, not too long ago, when Amber did nothing but smile and laugh. Those times were long gone.

"I'm not trying to fool you, Amber. Nothing happened between me and Erika. She was talking. I wasn't doing anything other than flirting." He'd not even been tempted by the other woman.

All he'd tried to do was get Amber close to him. Instead he'd pushed her away. When Tyler had come to him a couple of hours after he'd talked to Erika to tell him Amber's request, he'd been shocked. Closing his eyes, he took a deep breath to give himself time.

"I can't do this," she said, tugging out of his arms.

"Why are you always running from me?" he asked, following her through her apartment. She stopped in the center of the sitting room.

Her apartment was quite spacious.

"I'm not always running, Elijah. You're always following me around, and I can't deal with this. I don't want a relationship with you. I never did."

Her words cut him deeply. Years of keeping his emotions locked away helped him not to show any reaction.

"Don't try and kid yourself. I know what you want." He took hold of her hand, bringing her in close. "You want me."

"How big can your ego possibly get?" she asked, storming to the door. "I want you to leave."

"No."

"Heather and the girls are coming. We're going out, and I don't want you here when they come and get me."

"You've never told them about us?" he asked. He'd wondered for the longest time if Heather's hatred of him was because of what he did to Amber all those years ago. The biggest mistake he'd ever made was putting Amber over his knee. Since that moment she'd been over his knee a fair few times.

"Never. We're a secret, remember? No one is to know about us."

She opened the door, averting her gaze.

"This isn't over," he said, seeing no other choice but to leave.

"It has been over a long time, Elijah. You're the only one who doesn't see it."

Amber slammed the door behind him. Resting his palm against the door, he waited for her to do something else. He didn't know what he expected, but he got silence as an answer.

Chapter Two

Dealing with Elijah outside of any social setting always unnerved her. He had the power to destroy her, and he didn't even realize it. Amber brushed the gloss over her lips giving them a nice clear sheen before adding more mascara and some blusher. After he'd left she'd done nothing but cry. Elijah wasn't wrong when he said she wanted him. She really did want him. There was no chance for them at all.

The extra makeup would cover up the splotches caused by her tears. Standing under a cold shower helped to numb her body. She needed to be numb, as otherwise she'd go insane. For the last seven years Elijah and his brand of domination had been part of her world. From the moment he put her over his knee, he'd cemented their future together. No other man would ever be good enough. She'd enjoyed his hard spanks more than she liked to admit. Amber liked his spanks so much she'd gone out of her way to get them. They'd been alone a few times before she went in search of Club Kink.

Elijah had helped her when she didn't know what to do. Taking a deep breath she stared at her reflection seeing the six months' worth of denial written all over her. She'd not been submissive to anyone or gone on a date with another man. Her time was divided among work, friends, and reading. She loved to read because it distracted her far more than anything else she could think of.

A couple guys at work had asked her out for drinks, but she'd turned them down. She'd felt uncomfortable at work and handed in her notice. Ashley had quit not long after. Amber now worked in a law firm as a secretary whereas Ashley worked in a bar.

No one spoke to her at the law office. She liked it like that. Dealing with calls, typing letters, and seeing clients to the lawyers was all she was required to do. It was taxing but stopped her thinking about everything else.

The door sounded interrupting her thoughts. She fluffed up her hair before walking to the door.

Ashley, Connie, and Heather stood waiting for her.

"We got her away from Julian. She's ours for the night," Ashley said, laughing.

Smiling at her friends, Amber grabbed some money, which she slotted down her bra. She hated looking after a purse.

"Are we still headed to Wade's place?" Amber asked.

"The one and only. He's going to make me sing tonight. He did warn me," Connie said, grumbling.

"He's totally in love with you, Connie. He'll do anything to get a piece of your fine ass," Heather said, giggling.

Amber looked at Connie and saw the other woman blushing.

"Wade's being nice."

"He wants a piece of your ass. It's all any man wants," Ashley said.

Locking her apartment door, Amber followed them down to the foyer. A limo was waiting to take them to the club.

"Julian wouldn't let me out without a personal driver." Rolling her eyes, Amber put her arm through Heather's as they walked to the waiting limo.

They climbed inside, giggling at the extravagance.

"Your man has got too much money," Connie said.

"Yep, and I think he makes more every minute. The guy can sneeze, and he'd be making a few bucks out of it," Heather agreed, smiling.

Amber watched as Heather smiled. She was the only one in their group who was settled down. Julian Goff was Heather's boss. She'd tried to quit work, but Julian wasn't having any of it.

Seeing her friend with Julian had once given her hope that there was a chance in love. With Elijah back in the picture, she doubted there would ever be a good time for her to be in a relationship.

"I need to find me a man tonight. It has been too long since I had a good dick to ride," Ashley said.

"Ew, Ashley. We don't need to hear about all your personal details," Connie said, shaking her head.

Amber chuckled. Out of all the group, Ashley was the most open about everything. She'd been the first in the group to lose her virginity and tell them all the details, which were not that great.

Thinking about sex brought her thoughts around to Elijah. He'd been her first and only f**k. The man knew how to get her off. She loved every second of her time with him. Squeezing her thighs together, she looked out of the window trying to distract herself from her erotic thoughts.

There was nothing he wouldn't do to bring her off.

"What's the matter, Connie? Not used to a woman getting what she wants?" Ashley asked, smiling. "You're my best friends. Why wouldn't I share it with you?"

"We've never met any of your boyfriends," Heather said.

"They're not worth it. I don't introduce you to them because I don't want them to spoil our time together. We're all together. We come first above everything else."

"Of course," Amber said.

They put their hands on top of each other and screamed "girls", raising their hands over their heads and laughing. It was childish, but it took her back to when they were younger.

"We're here," Heather said, knocking on the window.

Amber climbed out as Heather thanked the driver. The guard at the door let them in. She knew Wade had given the guards permission to let them in before anyone else.

Her gaze went straight to the bar where Wade was serving Julian. She tensed when she saw Elijah sitting with her friend's man.

Crap, what was he doing here?

"For f**k's sake. If you were f**king Wade all your men would be here," Ashley said, making her jump.

"What? What do you mean? I've not got a man here," Amber said.

Her friends looked at her like she'd done something silly.

"We know. You need to get laid," Ashley said. It was her answer to everything.

Rolling her eyes, Amber headed toward the bar with the other three. Glancing up she saw Elijah was staring at her. Lowering her gaze she wondered how she was going to get out of this. It was a total nightmare.

After his visit that afternoon, she didn't know if she could handle much more of him. Seeing him with that blonde had opened her eyes to the life she'd been living. She kept it locked away like a dirty little secret. She hated dirty, and she hated secrets. Stepping away from it all had been the best decision of her life, or at least she'd thought it had.

Would she forever be cursed to want and to love this one man?

****

Elijah watched her walk toward him, and he got stiff at the sight of her. She wasn't dressed for sex, but her outfit did it for him. It was a part of her he never got to see. This was the casual, open Amber she gave to her friends, to his sister. Once again he was jealous of his sister. Heather got to see a side of Amber he only glimpsed at from afar.

Seeing Julian and Wade at the club didn't help ease him. He knew about Wade's crush on Connie, and Julian was dating his sister. It was the best excuse he could have to be in the same room as Amber. Why the f**k did he need an excuse?

He'd seen every single part of Amber. There was not a part of her he didn't own. Elijah had made sure he was all of Amber's firsts, and she'd loved every second of their time together.

No more she doesn't.

Lifting his bottle of beer, he took a long swallow, needing the liquid to quench his thirst. When it came to Amber, his thirst would never be sated. He'd learned that much with their time apart.

"What are you doing here?" Heather asked. Her arms were folded as she looked at him and then at Julian.

"We're having a drink, right, Elijah?" Julian asked, lifting his glass of whiskey. It was an excuse, and Elijah needed it.

"Of course." Clicking his bottle to Julian's glass, he chanced a look at Amber. She wasn't buying it. Her arms were by her side.

He took the time to admire her body. The jeans molded to her curves in all the right places. Her shirt clung to her large tits and emphasized her small waist in comparison to her tits and hips. God, he loved this woman, and yet he'd never said the words to her. He'd kept them to himself without speaking.

Amber didn't know the truth, and right now, she wouldn't believe it.

"I'm not dancing with you," Heather said. Her words were directed at Julian.

"Like I said, I'm staying here getting to know my brother-in-law. We've got a wedding to plan."

Heather growled and walked away.

"I better go and sort out their order. They don't like it when one of the guys or girls f**ks it up," Wade said.

Elijah knew they were not that bad. Wade was just using it as an excuse for a chance to speak with Connie. The guy was totally in love with her. He'd feel sorry for him if he didn't feel the same for Amber.

His woman was running from him just like Connie was Wade.

"I appreciate you sticking up for me there. So, what's with you and Amber?" Julian asked, catching his attention.

"I helped you out, and you're questioning me?" Elijah took a sip of his beer, glancing behind him.

Several guys were checking Amber out. Over the years he'd come to realize Amber didn't see how attractive she was. She truly was a beauty, and her curves drove him insane.

"Heather is my woman-"

"She's my sister," Elijah said, interrupting him.

"Amber's like a sister to her. I don't want her hurt because you want to get inside one of her friends."

His grip tightened around his drink.

"I'm looking out for my woman and her friends. You're a good brother, but I know Heather and you haven't really been close. If you hurt Amber, Heather will choose her friend over you."

Elijah understood that. "I'm not going to hurt Amber."

"There is something going on between you and Amber, though. I see the way you two look at each other."

Elijah stared at Amber. She had her back to him, which didn't stop him from admiring her fleshy ass. He'd spanked her ass until it was red. There was nothing better than the sight of his handprint on her ass.

He made a quick decision. Julian would keep Heather off his case, and he needed time with Amber. She was his woman, and he was determined to get the message across that he was not leaving her.

Taking a quick sip of his drink, he leaned in close. "I was Amber's first and only. That woman is mine. Every part of her belongs to me. She's my submissive." Julian knew what he was talking about. It was written on the guy's face. "I f**ked up, but she's mine. I'm not backing down or leaving. Amber is mine, get me?"

"I get you. Heather's not going to like it."

"Keep my sister out of it. I can make Amber happy. She's too busy running scared to give me the chance."

Julian slapped him on the back. "It's up to you what you do. I'll try and reason with Heather if this gets f**ked up."

After several seconds silence between them, Julian started laughing.

"What? What's so funny?" he asked, wanting to know the joke.

"Those four are close friends. They'll do everything for each other, and yet, they keep secrets from one another." Julian shook his head. "I find it hard to believe that best friends can keep parts of themselves at bay."

Elijah's gaze followed Amber across the dance floor to where she sat in a secluded booth. It was the one Wade always kept by for them. Elijah didn't know all their secrets, but he understood why. "They're keeping the bad shit at bay. Amber, Ashley, Connie, and Heather, they're a family. They're bound together by friendship and trust. What they keep at bay is what will hurt them. Amber doesn't want to hurt Heather, and she doesn't want to bring the truth about her real nature to the floor. I understand that. You ever tell her about this conversation, and I'll f**king hurt you," Elijah said, meaning it.

"I wouldn't dream of it. I may have money, but I wouldn't be easy to hurt. I fight back," Julian said.

"I got it."

Wade walked back, handing him another beer. Elijah took the beer and made it his last. Tonight he wanted to get Amber to his home. He was now living in Heather's place seeing as she'd moved in with Julian. Elijah was still looking for a place of his own. Her house would do for what he needed. It was a stop-gap until he got what he wanted for his future.

"Is the booth always reserved for them?" Elijah asked.

"Yeah. I put them there because it's safe. I can also watch them. I don't want anyone to think they can f**k with them. They're good women," Wade said.

Elijah knew the truth but didn't see a need to bring it up.

Chapter Three

Downing her third shot of tequila Amber got up to get another. Heather was on the dance floor with Ashley. Her two friends were dancing beside the booth. Connie was nervous, drinking a straight cola.

Amber needed the buzz to block everything else. It was Saturday tomorrow, and she wasn't working. She got few weekends off. This one she intended to slob on the sofa with ice-cream, takeout, and a good book.

Amber knew it wouldn't end up like that. She'd probably clean her apartment and go for a walk. Still being a slob for once sounded like fun.

Placing her glass on the counter she waited to be served. Wade and the other bartenders were busy. Reaching into her shirt she pulled out some money.

"You're drinking too much," Elijah said, coming up behind her.

"Not the boss of me. I can drink and do whatever the hell I like."

His hand settled on her hip, steadying her. "Don't do something you'll regret, Amber."

Getting angry, she turned in his arms, staring at him. "Like what? Maybe I want to get drunk and take a man I don't know home? Have you ever thought about that? I only have you to compare notes with."

She hated the words. None of the men inside the club had interested her. She'd looked and hated herself for looking. Why couldn't she get over this man? He drove her insane all the f**king time.

His grip tightened on her hip. He tugged her close, rubbing his hard c**k against her jean-clad pu**y.

A moan escaped her lips before she could contain it.

"You want me, Amber. The only man you're going home with is me."

"No, it's not. You lost your chance." She pushed him away. Wade chose that moment to serve her another drink.

"This is your last one, Amber. You'll thank me later," Wade said.

She grumbled but didn't argue before going to her booth, leaving Elijah behind.

"What did Elijah have to say?" Connie asked, once she was seated.

"Nothing. He was complaining about how much I was drinking. Wade's also cutting me off."

"You are drinking a fair bit. Are you all right?" Connie asked.

Amber stared at her friend. Connie out of all of them was the most quiet and sweet. She never argued, and she always avoided conflict.

"I'm fine, honey. I just need to take the edge off. Work and everything." She stared down at her glass and downed it in one gulp.

Alcohol would never help her get over the man who was camped out at the bar.

"Are you going to come and dance with me?" Amber asked.

She needed to get away from looking at him. He distracted her too easily.

"No, you go on ahead. I'm going to sit here and wallow in the fact I can't get up on that stage."

Connie was a fantastic singer, but she suffered with stage fright. When they were all on the stage, Connie was fine. The moment she tried it alone, she was stuck.

Amber, Ashley, and Heather were never going to make it as backing singers or dancers.

Looking on the dance floor Amber saw Heather was in Julian's arms while Ashley was being sandwiched between two guys.

The tequila had given her a buzz, and she had lost some of her earlier discomfort. Moving into the center of the dance floor, she started to let the music take over. Closing her eyes, she moved to the beat. Her body went with the beat.

She let herself go, loving the slight feel of freedom dancing gave her. No one had any expectations of her. On the dance floor she was free to move without fear of being caught or someone finding out the truth about her time with Elijah.

Arms wrapped around her stomach, and she knew it was Elijah instantly. His scent surrounded her, filling her with warmth. She wanted to push him away. Her defenses were lowered, and all she wanted to do was drown in everything that was him.

"No one can see us," he said.

"I don't care."

Amber would care in the morning.

His fingers stroked the curve of her stomach. Moaning, she wrapped her arms behind his neck, dancing. Her eyes were still closed. The moment she opened them, she'd lose her little bubble of happiness.

"You can't fight me forever," he said.

"I'm not trying to fight you at all, Elijah."

He turned her in his arms. "Look at me."

Opening her eyes she stared into his deep brown ones. The bubble didn't burst. He inserted a leg between her thighs, rubbing her against him. She gasped, gripping his thick arms as he made her legs turn to jelly.

Elijah took one of her hands and pressed it against the front of his jeans.

"Feel what you do to me, woman. I want you so f**king bad. You're sexy, and I want you."

He lowered his head, catching her lips between his.

She tilted her head back, giving him much better access to her mouth. They were entwined together. His leg was between her thighs with one hand holding her against him and the other caressing her nipple with his thumb.

The music faded; the past faded away. She held onto him, and Amber had never felt more stable than she did in those few moments they were sharing.

When he leaned back to look at her she was lost in his intense gaze. Her body pulsed for him.

"I'll call a cab. Say goodbye to your friends and meet me outside."

He left her then.

She stared at his retreating back. Part of her wanted to stay on the floor, pick up a man, and have meaningless sex. She listened to the part of her she'd come to know in the last seven years.

Amber left the dance floor. She found Connie giving her a message that she had to leave early. In no time at all she was stood beside Elijah. A cab pulled up, and they were inside it.

No words were necessary. They couldn't speak with the driver present. She rubbed her hands between her thighs trying to cause some friction.

Her pu**y was red hot and begging to be f**ked. Six months wasn't a really long time, but right now it felt like a lifetime since he'd been with her.

When they were outside of her apartment, Elijah took the keys from her shaking fingers and opened the door.

She entered first, turning to watch him as he closed the door then proceeded to lock the door. His actions were slow, not hurried, and his gaze was on her at all times. The rest of the world was locked away. They were the only two people who existed.

"Take your shirt off," he said.

Tugging the leftover change from her night out, she threw it onto the counter. Next she tugged her shirt over her head and dropped it on the floor.

"Take your jeans off."

Toeing her shoes off, she removed her jeans. He was leaning against the door staring at her. When she was with Elijah, she never felt self-conscious of her body.

****

With his eyes on her, Elijah tore off his boots. All the time he was watching her, waiting for her to respond to him. Her gaze never once left him. Amber was all his for the taking, and he was more than happy to take her, to claim her. His name would be the one she was screaming out in pleasure come the end of the night.

She stood before him in a bra and panties. Her full-figured body was on display for his eyes only.

Once he removed his boots, he tore at the belt holding his jeans up. Shoving them down, he tore at his shirt. He was naked, hard, and wanting inside his woman. Amber's gaze travelled down the front of his body until it landed on his erect cock.

Fisting his length he stepped toward her.

"Do you want this?" he asked.

"You know I do."

This was the only time they saw eye to eye. They were together, and no one could take that away from them, not even Heather.

"Take your bra off. I want to see those tits I love to suck on."

Her hands went behind her back, and she tore the bra from her body. Their actions were rarely smooth. Seeing her need made him that much harder. Her br**sts swung free, and her glorious red ni**les made his mouth water. He'd done many things with her body, pleasurable things, and he intended to do many more.

"Get on your knees."

She did so without comment. His submissive was back, and he was so f**king grateful. He couldn't handle another argument tonight. Six months had been too long without touching her.

Elijah stepped closer. Her head was bowed in submission. Wrapping her red hair around his fist, he presented the tip of his c**k against her lips. "Tell me you want to suck my cock," he said.

"I want to suck your cock, Elijah. I want it so damn bad."

His lack of title didn't bother him. For most of their time together he'd been "Sir" or "Master". This was a nice change. Besides their first time together he'd always had some kind of title.

"Do it," he said.

He watched her lower her eyes from his face to his cock. Her tongue peeked out flicking the tip. Elijah groaned, feeding her the length of his cock. She took him down to where he held himself.

Her tongue flicked his palm and then came off.

"Again."

She took him back inside, sucking on the tip. Gripping her hair, he bobbed her head on his length, needing so much more from her.

For several minutes he watched her working his length.

When he couldn't stand the pleasure of her mouth, he pulled away from her.

"Lean over the arm of the sofa with your ass in the air."

She got off the floor and did as he asked without a single word. Where was the fiery woman he'd come to know and, God help him, love? She was doing everything he asked, and for some reason he no longer wanted it. This was not the Amber she showed to her friends. This was his Amber, but he wanted the other Amber in his bed.

Going to her side, he peeled the panties from her body, seeing her cream coating the outer lips of her pu**y. She was nicely trimmed and looked utterly feminine.

Slipping a finger through her wet folds, he felt her wet heat surround him. He pushed a finger deep into her cunt. She was still tight and squeezed him like his fist would around his cock.

Sinking to his knees behind her, Elijah grabbed her h*ps in his hands to keep her steady and simply feasted on her pu**y. He was addicted to everything about her, and six months without a single taste of her creamy pu**y was starting to wear on him.

She cried out, trying to thrust back on his tongue. He wouldn't let her, and he was far stronger than she. He thrust his tongue into her hot little cunt and felt her tighten around him.

"That's it, baby. Come for me," he said, working her cl*t in between finger-fucking her cunt. He wanted her to lose control. She screamed within seconds of his order, and he drank her cream down, relishing the taste.

Standing up, he gripped his length and slammed inside her from behind. She was dripping wet but tight.

"Fuck, that's it, baby. Take me deep inside."

Tightening his hold on her hips, he slammed inside to the hilt. She moaned, and he saw her hands tighten in the fabric of the sofa.

"I'm going to spend all night f**king you, Amber. No talking, no running, and no f**king arguments."

He pounded inside her tight heat, sinking all the way inside. Pulling out he saw his c**k was covered in her cream. Reaching under her body, he fingered her swollen clit, teasing her into another orgasm.

When she came around his cock, Elijah f**ked her hard and fast until he erupted inside her warmth. The first time after six months apart was always going to be fast.

He wasn't a once a night guy. Amber had given him a taste, and he wanted some more.

Pulling out of her body, he ordered her to stay and grabbed a cloth from the kitchen. He wiped away most of his cum before helping her to her feet.

She stared into his eyes for the longest moment. Neither of them spoke as they looked at each other.

Without a word she turned and walked away from him. He didn't follow her. Taking a seat on the sofa, he stared in front of him.

Her apartment felt warm to him. The space was filled with her scent, and it comforted him.

Elijah heard the shower running. He stayed in his seat waiting for her. His c**k thickened as he sat there imagining the water cascading down her body. Grabbing his length, he worked himself into full arousal.

When she walked out of the bathroom, she was wrapped in a towel and dripping with water. She stopped when she saw him.

"I'm not finished," he said. "Climb on my lap."

She stared at his cock, then dropped the towel before doing exactly as he said.

Chapter Four

Amber groaned as she rolled over and came into contact with a rock hard body. Turning her head she saw Elijah was still sleeping. Rubbing the sleep from her eyes she stared at her best friend's brother as memories assailed her. Glancing at the clock she saw it was gone eight. The last time she'd checked the time it had been past five. They'd been f**king until five in the morning.

She lifted the blanket and eased her way out of the bed without waking him. Amber stared down at him. What the hell had she been thinking? When he'd come to her on the dance floor she'd been ready to turn him down flat. But no, she'd gone home and taken him with her instead.

Leaving him to sleep she walked into her main sitting room. Their clothing was strewn on the floor by the door. Rolling her eyes she picked them both up and dumped them in the laundry basked before heading to the kettle to start some coffee. She had cheap taste and loved the instant coffee.

As she was making up their cups Elijah padded out of the bedroom, naked, like she was.

"Why did you sneak off?" he asked.

"I needed to use the bathroom." She dropped her gaze from him. Looking at him made her want so much more from him.

"You could have come back to bed."

Shaking her head, she nudged a cup toward him. "I needed coffee."

Why was she being so damn difficult?

Closing her eyes, she blew on the hot cup in front of her.

"Amber?"

"Please, don't say another word. I couldn't handle you speaking right now. I need ... quiet."

She wasn't trying to be cruel. Their past made it hard for her to focus. Last night when she'd finished in the shower, she'd expected him to have been gone. When she'd found him in the same place she left him, rock hard and waiting for her, she hadn't been able to deny him.

Blowing out a breath she stared ahead of her, hoping to gain her thoughts.

"You can't shut me out forever."

"This is what we do, Elijah. This thing with the sex and the secrets, it's our thing." Biting her lip, she took a huge gulp of coffee trying to bring focus back to her world.

"It's not our thing, Amber. We've got so much more," he said.

"You mean the domination? Is that what else you think we've got?" she asked, finally looking up at him.

The spanking he'd given her rang clearly in her mind. He was a Dom, and she a submissive. The spanking she'd received at his hand had awoken her in ways she'd never understood. Until she'd joined Club Kink she didn't understand any of it.

Was that why their relationship was so ... weird?

"Amber," he said, starting to speak. She couldn't handle this anymore. The moment she took Heather out of the equation the only other problem she found was the domination.

"Why did you do it? Why did you spank me and walk away?" she asked.

"You left me the following morning, Amber. I didn't walk away." He'd tensed up at her words. She'd seen the reaction inside of him.

"I had no choice. It was Heather's birthday, and she'd already knocked on the door. I had to sneak out. You never said anything about me sticking around. I got out of Dodge." She placed the cup on the kitchen counter. Her anger was making the hot coffee spill over the sides, burning her. "You were my first, Elijah, and you weren't exactly f**king gentle. Then you put me over your knee like scolding a child," she said. "What was I to you?"

He didn't answer, simply stared at her. "Why haven't you asked me these questions before?" he asked, folding his arms. "You've had plenty of time to ask them. Why now?"

"I was young and stupid. I didn't care about anything other than being with you, Elijah. Being with you, in any way, was better than not being with you at all." The truth blurted out of her lips.

Staring at his face she saw him open his mouth to speak.

"Amber, honey, it's us. We brought pancakes, or at least I brought the ingredients to make pancakes," Heather said, knocking and calling through the door.

Amber's eyes widened.

"Unless you've got some superhot guy and want us to go," Ashley said.

She walked around the counter and pushed him back into her bedroom.

"What are you going?" he asked, whispering.

"You're not going to be seen by them. I'm not ready for this. You will stay here and not make a sound."

She grabbed her robe from the back of her wardrobe door.

"This is childish, Amber. You're a grown woman."

"I don't care what you think. My friends are not finding out about us."

"I've got no clothes," he said. "And we still need to talk."

"I've got to wash your clothes. You're staying here, and if they sound close to the door, hide somewhere. I don't want you being found."

More banging from her friends interrupted her.

"Why don't they leave? You're not answering your door."

"They're my friends. They want my company."

She turned away to leave. Elijah caught her hand, bringing her close to his body. "This isn't over," he said, slamming his lips down on hers.

His kiss was passionate yet loving. Pulling away, Amber looked at him, surprised.

"We've still got a lot to discuss. Go and have fun with your friends. You owe me breakfast after this."

Amber shushed him up and then closed the door behind her.

"Come on, Amber. I'm tired and bored, and I'm hungry," Ashley said.

"I'm coming."

Rushing toward the door, she quickly glanced around the apartment to make sure there was no sign of him. Letting out a breath, she opened the door.

"Hey," she said, trying to look casual.

"What were you up to?" Connie asked, walking past her.

Heather headed straight for the kitchen while Ashley dived on the sofa face first. Amber couldn't help but cringe. She and Elijah had f**ked on that sofa.

"I'm so tired. I took a man home last night, and I swear to God, he was a yoga tutor or something. No man should ever be allowed to bend like that." Ashley curled around a pillow.

"You guys took me by surprise. I wasn't expecting you here today," Amber said, taking a seat opposite Ashley.

Connie was rummaging through her book collection, putting away the book she'd borrowed a week ago.

"It's pancakes, Amber. We all love pancakes." Ashley grumbled from her position.

Every now and again she glanced at her bedroom door. How long could she keep this up knowing he was listening to their entire conversation?

"What happened to you last night?" Heather asked, calling from the kitchen.

"I was a little bored. I came home and read."

"You don't look like you've got any sleep," Connie said.

"It was broken." Amber played with the tails of her robe while thinking about Elijah and what he'd done to her body. This was the closest she'd gotten to ever being caught by her friends.

This had to stop. She couldn't keep opening herself up to this, knowing it was only a matter of time before Elijah got bored and left her.

****

Elijah glanced over at the time to see it was getting close to noon. His sister, his woman, and their friends were still talking and laughing. The scent of pancakes was long gone, but he was still starving. Listening to the women talk about men and sex was plain disgusting. Heather was his sister, and he was f**king scarred at what she'd been telling Amber. Fuck, the next time he saw Julian he was going to smash the bastard's face in.

The sound of the front door closing had him storming out of the bedroom.

"I never want to hear you talking about men again," he said.

Amber faced him, still in a robe, with a glare on her pretty face.

"You shouldn't have been listening."

"I'm not talking to Julian again," he said.

She walked past him. "You'll do no such thing. The moment you start talking they'll all become suspicious of what you were doing here. It's not happening, and I'm not having you treat my friends with anything but respect, even your sister."

He caught her elbow. "I'm the only man that's known you, right?" he asked.

Her eyes widened, and he knew in that instant that he'd f**ked up.

Amber pulled her arm out of his grip. "That's none of your business."

"It's my business, Amber."

She opened her wardrobe and started rummaging through the contents. He watched her, admiring the way the robe molded to her sexy backside. God, he missed her close to him already.

Removing the spare robe he found in the bathroom, he went to her. He lifted up the fabric of the robe, caressing his fingers over the globes of her full ass.

"I'm sorry, baby. I shouldn't have gotten angry."

Amber tensed for a split second before melting against him.

"You're the only man I've ever known," she said. Her voice was so quiet that he only just caught it. He tightened his grip on her hips, tugging at the belt keeping her robe together. The moment she was na**d in his arms, he dived between her slick thighs to her sweet cunt. Plunging a finger into her warmth he tested to see if she was ready for him.

Her cunt was dripping wet. His seed and her cum combined together on his fingers. Last night was not enough, and he'd learned some time ago that a lifetime with Amber would still be too short a time.

Amber wasn't the only one who'd been running. He'd been running from her just as much. His feelings for her scared him.

"Why did you have to come back now?" she asked, whimpering.

He fingered her clit, relishing the feel of her quivers.

"I couldn't stay away any more. I needed you."

She shook her head. "You're going to destroy me."

"No, I'm not. I'm going to cherish you."

Turning her around to face him, Elijah pushed her against the wall near the wardrobe. Sinking to his knees before her, he lifted one thigh over his shoulders opening her up for his touch.

"What are you doing?" she asked. Her eyes were glazed over with her arousal.

"First, I'm going to eat this sweet pu**y, and then I'm going to spend the rest of the day f**king you. You've not got any plans, have you?"

She didn't respond for the longest time. Finally, she shook her head.

"Good, because I can't be anywhere but inside you at this moment." He closed the distance between his face and her pu**y. The first taste was as addictive as the last. He'd heard of couples being together and the chemistry never disappearing. Elijah always thought it was a load of bullshit. People got bored with each other, and they moved on. Marriage was a trick designed to trap people. He never once thought he'd find the one woman who could keep him on his toes.

From the moment he first took Amber, he'd never strayed. He'd f**king tried, but her face always entered his mind, stopping him before he got chance to seal the deal. It was probably good. There was no way he'd ever be able to be with Amber if he knew she'd been with other men.

He was a big bastard. She wasn't his first woman. He'd taken other lovers before their first time. Elijah was older than she was and hadn't lived like a monk when it came to sex.

Elijah blocked everything out and licked her creamy pu**y.

"This is my f**king pu**y." He muttered the words against her.

"Yes."

Her fingers sank into his hair, tightening her grip into a fist.

"That's right, baby. Hold me in place. Fuck my face and show me what you want."

Amber thrust her h*ps onto his face, giving him her pu**y. He plunged his tongue deep into her pu**y and then circled the bud.

Wetting his finger through her copious amounts of cum, he pressed the wet digit against her anus. He circled her ass, testing the tight muscles.

She moaned, opening for him. Elijah pushed the tip of his finger inside. Amber was getting wetter with his invasion. He wished he could f**k her at the same time, but he only had one dick and one set of hands. Getting another man to join them wasn't an option. There was no way he was going to let it happen.

"I'm close," she said.

His hair was tugged, and he didn't care. Pushing his entire finger into her ass, he smashed his tongue against her clit, bringing her to orgasm. Amber screamed, thrusting onto his face.

Removing his finger from her ass, he gripped her waist as her legs were about to give out underneath her. He held her tightly while flicking her cl*t with his tongue.

Only when she called for him to stop, did he stop.

Getting to his feet, he picked her up in his arms and dropped her onto the bed.

Without waiting, he gripped his erection and slid into her body.

Their moans mingled. This was where they communicated, inside the bedroom without any interference from the outside world.

They were perfect together. Elijah just needed to prove it to her.

He held her close and made love to her. Elijah didn't rush or speed up. He took his time, loving every inch of her body until, together, they found their completion.

Chapter Five

On Monday morning, Amber's body was sore all over. There was not a part of her he hadn't touched. She drove to work because she couldn't handle the thought of being cramped in a bus or on the subway into the city. Parking proved to be a problem. She rarely took her car into the city, and the law office where she worked was always busy.

When she found the parking lot was full, she paid a ridiculous sum of money to get her car parked all day. She hated paying for something she didn't have too. If she'd not been picky she wouldn't have had a problem with parking, and she wouldn't have been late for work.

Running through the city in heels was the most humiliating thing she'd ever done. The two women on the front desk of the law office gave her pitying looks as she walked in.

"How late am I?" she asked, trying not to wheeze.

Shit, when had she gotten so unfit?

"Dale Marche wants to see you," Abby said, looking her up and down. "You might want to go and make yourself presentable."

Nodding her head, she headed for the female quarters at the back of the law office. Opening her cubby, she stored her bag and coat before heading to the mirror to check the damage. She didn't wear any makeup, and today was no exception.

Running her fingers through her red hair, she took a deep breath and made her way out and toward the elevator. The ride up was the hardest minutes of her life. Dale was stationed on the top floor. He was in his late thirties and had become partner to the law firm for his quick thinking and the fact he'd never lost a case.

His personal assistant told her to go on through. She loved working for this law firm. The employees didn't take any shit and were not unkind to one another. They were a top law firm and demanded the best of all their employees. She felt part of the team, but she was thinking today would be her last day.

Knocking on the door she waited for Dale to call for her to enter. When she did, she closed the door behind her and stepped into the room.

"Miss Phelps, it's a pleasure. Please, take a seat." He gestured for her to take a seat.

Stepping into the room she slowly lowered herself in the chair available, opposite his desk.

"Is it a pleasure?" she asked.

"Why wouldn't it be?"

"You're going to fire me for being late?" She looked down at her knees, wishing he'd just get it over with.

"No, I'm not going to fire you. This is your first tardy, and the security guard told me you couldn't find any parking. You were signed in because you'd have been here on time otherwise."

She was shocked and simply stared at him. One, she wasn't going to get fired, and two, she wasn't going to get fired. Okay, they were the same thing, but she needed a few seconds to adjust to the fact she was still in a job.

"Seriously?" she asked, feeling like a child.

"We're not ogres, Amber. You don't mind me calling you Amber, do you?" She shook her head. "Good. We like to work with our employees so we get the best performance out of them. You're a good worker. Hard working and you get your job done. You're an asset to this team, and I was wondering if you'd like to go out on a date with me," he said.

Her mouth fell open. She couldn't stop her initial reaction. "W-what?"

"I noticed on your status you were single, and I'd like to get to know you. I consider myself a pretty decent guy. I like you. I'm attracted to you. I'd like to get to know you better outside of work."

His words were registering, but she didn't think he was saying them properly.

"You're not serious?" she asked, looking behind her. Why was she looking behind her? No one was there, and she was starting to think this was some kind of joke.

"This is no joke, Amber. I like you a lot, and I want to get to know you. I'm a blunt person, and I don't see a reason pissing about with the truth."

She saw that.

Looking down at her hands she tried not to laugh. The whole weekend she'd spent with Elijah in her bed, and yet there was still no promises made between them. This is how it had been like with them. Neither of them committed to the other. They were always fighting one another, and when Elijah grew bored he'd leave her.

She didn't even know if he'd taken other women. Shit, she needed to get the morning after pill.

"I, erm, I'm sort of seeing someone. It's not really official or anything." Her cheeks were heating with humiliation. Why was she explaining her situation to him?

"You're not together though?" he asked, leaning forward.

He was such a large man. She'd seen him coming and going out of the gym they kept in the basement above the parking lot.

"No."

"Then give me a chance. I understand you're seeing someone else. No pressure. Give me a shot," he said.

"If I refuse, what then?" she asked, nibbling her lip. Part of her wanted to go out with him. She needed to see what it was like to be with someone other than Elijah. He'd controlled her for too long. She needed to stop always being worried about what he'd think.

This is not like me.

She ignored her doubts and looked at Dale. He leaned back, folding his arms over his chest. "I'll fire you."

Her heart stopped, and she stared at him in shock.

Dale suddenly smiled, transforming his whole face. "I'm kidding, Amber. I'm not a monster. You can say no, and things go back to the way they were. I'm not an ogre, and I'm not an ass."

"Okay."

"Take the day to think about it," he said. "I'll be waiting tonight after work for an answer. There's no pressure, and I can wait."

"Okay," she said, repeating the word. "Is there anything else you want to say to me?"

"No."

"Isn't dating between colleagues bad?" she asked, frowning.

"It's not encouraged, but we all understand when you work in this job and are putting in long hours then attractions are going to start and develop. I hope my interest hasn't offended you," he said.

"No, it hasn't. I'm surprised. I better get started back to work. I don't want anyone to be giving me problems for slacking off." She stared at him for several seconds before standing. "I'll see you tonight."

****

Elijah sat inside his sister's house, staring up at the ceiling. He really needed to get a job or do something with his time. Staring at a ceiling all day was driving him stir-crazy. There had to be something he could do. Over the years he'd been doing odd jobs, but his main job had been in the BDSM clubs. Club Kink was not the only club he'd been part of. He'd not taken a sub, but he'd trained other Doms on how best to approach their submissives.

Rubbing a hand down his face, Elijah wondered how he was going to get a job in his current situation. His last employment was at Club Kink.

Working at the bank was a no. He was good at math and with communicating with people, but he'd go mad staying in four walls.

Elijah wasn't a bum. He worked well with his hands and loved helping people out. In college he'd gained a business degree and could do anything he wanted. At thirty-five, he was undecided on what he wanted to do with his future. He wasn't hurting for money as he'd been sane enough to save from a young age.

The sound of the door opening had him jerking to his feet.

"And he said what?" she asked. "Oh my God, Amber, why didn't you say yes?"

He tensed at the sound of his woman's name. Leaning against the door frame he watched his sister drop her bag onto the floor. She was slowly moving out and in with Julian. He helped when he could.

"You've got to go out with him even if it goes nowhere."

Silence fell on the house. Heather glanced up and finally saw him looking at her. His sister let out a sigh. "I've got to go. We'll talk some other time." Silence again. "No, my shit-head brother is staring at me. He needs to get a job. Yeah, okay, bye."

Heather folded her arms, glaring at him.

"Who was on the phone?" he asked.

"You know the answer."

"So, Amber has a hot date?"

"Yeah, well, she's thinking about it." Heather walked past him to go straight toward her kitchen.

"Who with?" he asked, following her.

"A guy from work. Why are you so interested?" She filled the kettle, keeping her back to him.

"No reason. She's your friend, and I'm trying to be supportive." Jealousy coursed through him. Amber was his woman. No other man should be allowed to touch her.

"It will be good for her. I've never actually seen her with a guy. She's not even been on a date. This should be good for her."

Heather turned to him, smiling. "How are you?" she asked.

"I'm good." He was pissed off. Finding out Amber had a date had really made him angry.

"Any luck on the job front?"

"No. I'll find what I'm looking for soon enough."

"Good. You shouldn't be sitting around here waiting for stuff to happen. Julian and I are going to Wade's tonight. Do you want to come along?"

He knew his sister was trying to build a relationship with him. At that moment, he couldn't care about her effort. His thoughts were filled with Amber and her proposed date with a guy from work.

"No, I'm going to stay around here. I've not got anything planned at all."

"All right. I'm going to grab some more stuff. Are you still good paying the rent, or do you want me to pay it?" Heather asked.

"I'm good." They stared at each other. "I'm going to go for a walk. I'll see you soon."

She smiled, and he turned to leave.

"Love you," she said, making him pause.

"I love you, too."

He left then with a smile on his face.

Checking the time he saw it was after lunchtime. He went to the nearest cafe he could find and ordered himself some food and a coffee.

His thoughts were all over the place. Amber had a date. He didn't like it. Why would she accept a date after the weekend they'd shared together? None of it made any sense. He stayed in the cafe for a long time. The waitress kept smiling at him. Elijah ignored her and only wished to know the answers to his questions.

When it was about to close, Elijah paid his bill and left. He couldn't handle not knowing the answers.

Before he could turn around he hailed a cab and headed toward her apartment.

It was insane the way he was feeling. He'd never been jealous of anyone, and yet in the last few months of living in Heather's home, he'd grown jealous of both his sister and the guy who'd asked Amber out on a date.

He arrived at Amber's apartment a little after five. Elijah knocked to discover no answer. Biting his lip to contain his anger, he sat down by the door and waited.

The time passed slowly, and his heart broke with every minute that passed. At a little after six, the elevator pinged and suddenly Amber was walking toward him. Her head was lowered, and she hadn't spotted him. Elijah stayed on his butt, waiting to see what would happen.

Her head lifted, and she paused.

"What are you doing here?" she asked. Her steps turned slow.

"I needed to come and see you."

He stood back up waiting for her. She grabbed the keys from her bag as she approached.

"I didn't think I'd see you today," she said, slotting the key in the lock.

"It has been a pretty strange day."

She nodded, opening the door.

"I heard you got asked on a hot date."

Amber tripped over her own feet. He caught her before she hit the floor. Elijah went hard at the scent of her subtle perfume and the feel of her warm curves flush against his.

"I guess that's true then."

She pulled out of his arms, pressing her hand down her front. "I don't know where you heard it, but yes, I have a date."

"Why?" he asked, doing everything he could not to break down.

His woman looked away from him.

"Don't do this," she said.

"Do what?"

Her arms were thrown in the air. "This. Stop acting like the jealous boyfriend. You've never been jealous before, and I don't see a reason for you to start now. This is not the kind of guy you are, so stop it."

Elijah gazed at her. He saw the anger and the upset flit across her face so fast, he almost missed it, and he suddenly realized the pain he'd caused her over the years. They'd both walked away at some point, but he'd always been the first to start it.

"I don't want you to go on this date, Amber. You're mine."

She dropped down, grabbed a glass vase and launched it at him. He moved out of the way before the glass could hit him. "Would you stop saying that?" She screamed the words at him. The glass smashed on the floor. "I'm not your woman, Elijah. If I was your woman you wouldn't be treating me like this. You wouldn't be walking away from me at every turn. You wouldn't be meeting blonde women at BDSM clubs hoping to get a better, thinner, prettier submissive." She slammed her palm against her chest. Her face was red with her anger. "You wouldn't be treating me like your f**king whore."

Her words made him gasp. "Don't you ever talk about yourself like that."

"Why not? You use me when you see the need, and when you grow tired you f**king leave me. I'm nothing but a glorified whore who does what she's told."

Elijah saw the error of his ways. He'd scarred her in the most painful of ways.

"I never meant to hurt you. I love you, Amber." The words left his lips, and another vase was thrown at him. He shouldn't have told her the truth.

Chapter Six

Elijah's words were a lie. Amber was so angry with herself for allowing herself to feel anything other than lust. Growling in frustration, she turned around, searching for something more to throw at him.

His arms banded around her middle, stopping her from picking anything else up. She fought him, trying to get away. Amber let loose the pain she'd kept deep down inside. Tears filled her eyes as she stared ahead of her.

"Let me go," she said.

"No! I'm not letting you go."

The tears finally spilled down her cheeks. She took a deep breath and cried out. "I don't want you in my life anymore."

She didn't mean the words. Well, part of her meant them.

"I'm here, Amber. I'm not going anywhere, I promise."

Eyes closed, she took a deep breath until she finally gained control of her sanity.

"I'm fine. I need you to let me go."

Slowly he released her, and she sat down on the sofa. Pushing the hair out of her eyes, she stared straight ahead.

"When you f**ked me on Heather's eighteenth birthday it was the best and worst day of my life," she said.

He took the seat next to her.

"I had the biggest crush on you, and I wanted you to be my first. In the morning, I didn't know what to do and I heard my friends talking, so all I wanted to do was get away." She licked her lips. Her throat was dry, and she was exhausted. "You spanked me that day, and it turned me on. I was confused, and for months afterward I didn't know what it meant. I ran away that first time because I was scared. You're a lot to take in, and I was only eighteen. Every time we've met since we've always had an excuse to run away from each other. The only area in our life that makes sense is the sex and the domination. I know you're not the only one at fault. I've never fought for more. "

She turned to look at him. Amber saw the tears in his eyes.

"I'm twenty-five years old, and I've not even been on a proper date with a man. Waiting for you has made me tired. I need to go on this date, Elijah. You may not like it and I accept that, but you can't stop me."

Accepting Dale's date had made her happy. He would be the first man she'd ever been on a date with.

"You spent the weekend with me," he said.

"Dale knows I was seeing someone and that it wasn't official. I never want to hurt you, Elijah. Regardless of what you think, I do love you, very much." Amber wiped the tears from her eyes.

"I love you, and you love me. Why can't we make this work?"

Amber gazed at her hands. "I don't know."

She wanted more than anything to wrap her arms around him and let the future pan out. Their past together stopped her.

"I'm not backing down, and I'm not giving up. I love you, Amber. I love you more than you'll ever know or understand." He stood, and she heard him take the steps toward her front door. "When are you going on a date?"

"This Friday. He's picking me up here."

"I'm not giving up," he said.

She flinched as the door closed. Grabbing her cell phone, she did something that she should have done a long time ago. "Hello, Ashley, will you come over? I really need to talk to you."

Waiting for Ashley to arrive, Amber changed into some pajamas and tied her hair into a ponytail. An hour later, Ashley rang the bell.

"I bought chocolate ice-cream. You sounded in need on the phone."

She made them both hot chocolates as Ashley went to her room to change. Amber's hands wouldn't stop shaking. She needed to tell someone about Elijah, and Ashley was the only person she knew wouldn't judge. Heather would get angry at her brother, while Connie would try to reason with her. Ashley was the only one who would listen in this situation.

Amber waited for her friend.

"Right, I'm here, and I'm all ears," Ashley said, eating ice-cream.

Now that the time came to be honest, Amber felt a wave of sickness overcome her.

How could she speak the truth to her friend?

What was she supposed to say?

"I've been sleeping with Elijah since Heather's eighteenth birthday."

Ashley's mouth opened wide, staring at her. The silence started and kept going putting Amber on edge.

"Say something. You're the only one I've ever told."

"I'll say something when I'm ready. You've been f**king Heather's brother?"

Amber nodded.

"The guy with the long hair and the well-built bod?"

"Yes and yes. What's the matter with you? I need to speak to someone about what's going on, and you're the only one I can trust."

"You want me to keep this from the others?"

"Yes. I'm not stupid, Ashley. I know you keep shit from us. I could never talk about this with Heather or Connie."

"I don't feel comfortable keeping something like this to myself," Ashley said.

"Please, let me finish, and then you can comment all you want."

Amber went into a long explanation detailing what happened between her and Elijah. She didn't leave anything out other than the more sordid, twisted bits. Amber opened up about the domination and her part with Club Kink. The blonde and the weekend she spent with him were also discussed.

By the end of it, Amber was in tears and in Ashley's arms.

"I agreed to a date with Dale, and Elijah says he loves me. I don't know what to do. I can't tell Heather, and I'm totally screwed. I hate this. I hate feeling like this." She sobbed out the words, wishing something would happen that would take her away from all the pain and the heartache.

"Look, you've never been on a date before, and Elijah's never asked you out on a date, right?" Ashley said.

"No, he hasn't."

"This Dale knows the score. Go on a date with him. God, get him to feel you up and kiss him. Take full advantage of the date."

Ashley wiped the tears away. Amber felt like a child and pulled away. "What about Elijah?"

"Bastard had his chance. He's done nothing but use you, and I don't like to hear about my friends being used."

"I love him as well, Ashley."

Her friend shrugged. "Dale is not expecting anything from you. Go, date, have fun, and do everything you should have done before being Elijah's woman. You're acting like he has some prior claim over you, and that's not the case at all. He has no claim at all."

Amber agreed. Lying down on the sofa, Amber rested her head on her friend's lap. "Stay here with me tonight?"

"Of course, on one condition?"

"What condition?" Amber asked.

"The instant you know how you feel, you tell the others. I'm not keeping a secret for Elijah. He doesn't deserve it, and I'm pissed at him."

Amber agreed with her friend and closed her eyes.

****

Ashley left her friend's apartment early the next morning. She put a note on the fridge under a magnet so Amber wouldn't worry. There was no judgment for Amber's secret relationship with Elijah. No matter what Amber thought, there was a relationship going on between the two.

Hitching her bag high on her shoulder she headed toward the bar where she worked. Wade had offered her a job at his bar, but she didn't f**k and work in the same place. She picked guys up from Wade's place on a regular basis. There was no way she'd work in a place where her exes could find her when she wasn't prepared for it.

After listening to what Amber had to say, Ashley knew she needed to do something about her own problem.

She'd been working at Flirt for a few weeks now, and she loved it. The people were friendly, and the guards at the door did a great job. It was closer to being a nightclub rather than a bar. The women were young, thin, and wore barely any clothes.

Last night, before Amber's phone call, she'd met her real boss and the guy who owned Flirt. The guy was none other than Jonathan Cook, the football captain who'd taken her virginity and broken her heart in high-school. She recognized him instantly. The years hadn't changed him at all. Jonathan was still good looking, only now, there was a maturity to his boy-next-door looks.

Wiping at her eyes, she forced the tears down. Seeing him for the first time in over seven years had sent pain spearing through her heart. Staring into his eyes she'd felt like she was drowning with no way out.

Ashley had quit on the spot and stormed out. Working for an ex who humiliated her in high-school and hurt her deeply was not something she'd ever do for kicks.

The problem was, she needed this job. Going back to work as a secretary or an assistant would drive her crazy. She needed the buzz of working behind a bar. Smelling like alcohol wasn't nice, but it was better than being in the tight formal clothing that was demanded of her.

She walked the whole way to Flirt. Outside the front, the path was a mess. She knew, come night, the place would be immaculate.

Opening the door, she stormed inside to confront the man from her past. Ashley found the barman filling up the counter.

"Where's the boss?" she asked, startling him.

"'Round back, in his office. He's not in a good mood."

"Then he matches my f**king mood." She didn't wait and stormed toward the general direction. Her feeling toward Jonathan was purely hatred. The bastard had ruined high-school for her. He'd said things that made her believe she was so special, and then, he'd crushed her into dust. Since that day, she'd never been the same carefree Ashley. There was a time when she'd need more than a smile and promise to get her in the sack.

The men she f**ked now only ever needed to promise a good time for the night, and she was happy. She'd lost count of the number of men she'd taken to bed.

Slamming the door of his office open, Ashley stopped and looked at him.

Jonathan looked up, glaring. The instant he saw her, his gaze changed.

"You came back."

Stepping into the office, she closed the door then took a seat opposite him. "I need this job. I don't want to go back to working in an office. Flirt suits me. It's what I want, and I don't want to change."

"I was going to call you to make sure you didn't regret your decision."

She held her hand up. "I don't like you. I want nothing to do with you. The way I see it, I've avoided you for the last few weeks, and I can go on avoiding you."

"I'm your boss."

"You're a f**king heartless bastard, Jonathan. I want this job, but you can get someone else to give me messages. After the way you treated me it's the least you can do. It's all I ask."

Ashley met his gaze, feeling nothing but contempt when she looked at him.

"I'm sorry about what happened."

Standing up, she slammed her palms on the desk and shook her head. "No, you're not going to f**king start that shit. Your time for apology was in high school. I can't get that time back. Do this for me, and leave me the hell alone."

She left with her head held high.

****

Jonathan watched her go. He felt sick to his stomach. When he'd learned of Ashley applying for a job, he should have nipped it in the bud. He couldn't do it. Back in high school he'd been a total douche-bag to her even though he had feelings for her. The peer pressure had been too much for him. He was the captain of the football team, and he shouldn't have been crushing on the curvy blonde in their year.

Ashley was right. He was the one to pursue her. From the first look he'd fallen for her. A lot of the guys had found her attractive even though at the time they'd never admitted the truth.

Staring down at his paperwork, he shook his head. He couldn't focus anymore. When she'd quit last night he thought all hope was lost. Seeing her stood in the doorway, the hope to rectify his wrong had started to fill him. She'd crushed that hope the same way he'd crushed all feeling from her.

Ashley may think this was the first time he'd seen or heard from her, but it wasn't. Her name got around, and she'd built herself quite a reputation. Jonathan knew her reputation was entirely his fault. He'd been the one to drive her to become the woman she had, and he would live with that for the rest of his life.

Chapter Seven

By Friday Amber was on tenterhooks over her upcoming date. Dale had given her the afternoon off to get ready. He would be picking her up from her apartment at seven. She'd spent an hour going through her wardrobe before settling on a deep blue cocktail dress and black heeled shoes to match. The color wouldn't contrast too much with her red hair.

She laid out the clothes then started to pamper herself. Filling the tub with smelling salts, she took her time washing. Amber shaved her legs and under her arms before soaping her hair.

In an instant the time was gone, and she applied a layer of lipstick to her lips. Smacking them together, she heard the door sound. Her heart galloped inside her chest. Walking to the door, she wiped her sweaty palms down her dress and opened it. Dale stood with a bunch of red roses.

He wore a suit, black, that molded to all his hard muscles.

"Good evening," he said, gazing up and down her body. "You look absolutely beautiful."

Her cheeks heated at the compliment. "Erm, thank you. You look very handsome."

She smiled at him. This felt wrong. Amber belonged to Elijah.

"These are for you."

Accepting the roses, she invited him into her apartment while she set about putting them into a measuring jug. She'd smashed the vases, aiming them at Elijah's head and missing.

"This is a nice place," he said.

He's trying. This is my first date. Try!

"I love this place. I'm hoping to get more pictures up someday of my friends and stuff. So far, I've been working."

She put the roses away and met him in the sitting room. He kept staring at her. "Are you ready to go?" he asked.

"I'd love to."

He'd not told her where they were going. The less she knew the better. She found herself getting anxious, and knowing would give her more reason to cancel on him.

They walked silently down to his car.

Dale stopped as they hit the fresh air. "You're nervous, and I don't want you to be nervous."

"You're my boss. It sort of goes hand in hand with nervous."

"Will you think of me as your boss when I do this?"

His lips were on hers in the next second. She tensed up at the feel. His kiss was strange. Elijah's lips were commanding whereas Dale's kiss was passionate yet different. There was no underlying control or domination.

Breaking from the kiss, she looked at him. "It helped a little," she said, smiling.

"Good. Come on."

She didn't ask any questions, and when they got into the car the conversation started toward work, their only neutral ground.

He pulled up outside of Wade's place, and Amber's heart leapt in her chest. "You're taking me to Wade's?"

"You know this place?" he asked, parking up.

"I know Wade, and I come here with my girlfriends regularly. It's a great place."

"I love this place as well."

They headed inside, and she held onto his arm. Wade was serving up at the bar, and she saw her girlfriends in their booth. She gave them a wave, following Dale toward the bar.

Dale was served by one of the part-time barmen.

"Hey, Amber, I didn't see you come in with the others," Wade said, flagging her down.

She stopped with her drink in hand. "I'm on a date, Wade."

He looked at Dale then at her. "It's nice to meet you, man." Wade shook his hand.

Rolling her eyes, she tugged Dale away from the bar.

"What was that all about?" he asked.

"I knew Wade in high school. He's being protective, and he has the biggest crush on one of my friends."

They found a seat away from the dancing. So far she hadn't seen Elijah, which she was thankful for.

Once they were seated, Dale reached across the table to grip her hand. "I've wanted to ask you out on a date for some time."

"I'm here now."

"We are." He raised his glass, and she joined in.

"Can I be honest with you?" she asked, feeling the awkwardness of the moment.

"Sure."

"This is my first date. I've not really been on a date before."

His eyes widened as he looked at her.

"No, I'm not a virgin, but the guy I was with, he's not really into dating or anything apart from the obvious." She groaned, mortified by what she was revealing. "Why don't you tell me to shut up?" she said.

Dale laughed. "It's refreshing being with a girl who speaks her mind. I'm relieved you're not a virgin."

"Good, that's good."

Looking down at her glass, she waited for the conversation to pick up.

"You've never been on a date at all, have you?"

"I just said I hadn't."

Again, he laughed. "Okay, I'll start everything off. Do you have any family?"

"I have family. I've not been in contact with them in a long time. We're not close." She stared at her glass.

"Any siblings?"

"No, just me." She was silent again. "Erm, what about you? Do you have any family or siblings?"

Sipping from her drink she waited for him to speak.

"I've got a Mom and Dad and a step-dad. Also, I've got two older brothers and three sisters. It was mad growing up."

"Did you always want to be a lawyer?" she asked, focusing all the attention on him.

"No, I wanted to be a doctor, but then I couldn't stand the sight of blood."

Amber listened to him talk. She drowned out the rest of the room, but when Elijah entered the club, she felt it. It was the strangest feeling in the world. Tingles went up and down her arms. Glancing past Dale's shoulder, she saw him stood, watching her. His gaze reminded her of a hawk stalking its prey.

She excused herself to go to the bathroom. Her date was not going great. They had nothing in common, and the few bits they were talking about didn't give her a thrill.

Elijah followed her into the toilet. It was empty, which was a surprise. Was fate or destiny trying to tell them something?

"You're bored, and you've got nothing to talk with him about."

"My date is none of your business."

He took a step toward her. "Does he make your pu**y wet? Do you ache for him to touch you?"

She bit on her lip, stopping herself from attacking him. The instant she'd sensed Elijah, she'd grown warm from the inside out.

"I bet if I was to feel your pu**y you'd be soaking wet for me and me alone."

Amber backed up against the wall. Elijah followed her path until she was trapped against the wall and his hard body. There was nowhere else for her to go and staring up into his large brown eyes, she didn't want to.

****

Seeing her date had set him on edge. He needed to stake his claim before he lost control. She shouldn't be out with anyone but him. For the last couple of days he'd kept his distance, giving her time to get over the pain he'd caused her.

"Why are you doing this to me?" she asked.

"I told you I wasn't backing away." He pressed his palms to either side of her head, surrounding her. "If you tell me to back off and you want the dude in the suit, then tell me, Amber."

She stayed silent as she looked at him.

"Will you back away?" She gazed over his shoulder.

"No."

"No matter what I say?"

"I'm not going anywhere. From the night of Heather's eighteenth, you've been mine. You'll continue to be mine." He cupped her cheek, tilting her head back to look at him.

The door to the bathroom opened. He turned to see Ashley stood, glaring at him.

"Amber, your date is waiting. This is your chance to experience something new. Go, now."

His woman ducked under his arm and left the bathroom. Elijah turned to Ashley. The other woman was glaring at him.

"She told you about us?" he asked.

Ashley entered the room, letting the door swing closed. She folded her arms and stared at him. "She told me everything."

"I doubt that."

"Then you're a jerk, Sir."

He gasped, staring at Ashley.

"We may not share everything, but we get there in the end. There are parts of ourselves we keep silent about. Not everyone needs to know the sordid truth of our past."

She stepped closer. The anger radiated off her, startling him.

"She loves me, and I love her."

"I have no doubt, but what you've done to Amber is not acceptable to me. When she was supposed to be dating, she wasn't. My girl has been hung up on you."

"I'm going to make it right by her," he said.

"I'm not some dumb innocent you can blind with your words, Elijah. I've been out in the world, and I know it's cold, harsh and downright f**king painful but you get through it. Amber has been getting through her life, and I don't think it's fair for her. She deserves to be loved, and you're not the right man for the job."

They were stood toe to toe. Her eyes were blazing with accusation. His earlier assessment of the four friends was not entirely accurate. They kept secrets from each other, but no matter what the secret, each of them had the others' backs regardless.

"I love her. You're not going to stop me from loving her."

"It's not my intention of stopping you. I'm telling you right here and now, you either do right by her, or you'll be answering to me and I don't play nice at all."

She turned on her heel and walked out of the ladies' room. Ashley was quite terrifying. He'd never seen her look so dangerous. She looked ready to castrate him. The idea was not a fun one at all.

Leaving the ladies' room, he walked toward the bar. He searched the whole bar looking for his woman. Elijah spotted her on the dance floor. Her date had his arms wrapped around her waist.

"Hey, butt-head," Heather said, coming up beside him.

"Are you ever going to call me by my given name? I believe our parents took forever to name both of us."

"No can do." Heather flicked the hair of her neck, bouncing to the beat. "What are you going to do about Amber?" she asked, taking him completely by surprise.

"What?"

His sister snorted at him. "I wasn't born yesterday. I see the way you look at her, and I also saw your boxers in her laundry. I've seen her naked, so unless she's got a male underwear fetish then they're yours."

"You're far more observant than I thought you were."

"Also taught you a lesson. I made sure you could hear me that day." Heather leaned against the bar with a hand on her hip. "We're not perfect, but we're the best of friends."

"I love her, Heather. She means everything to me."

"I don't know how long this is going on, and to be honest, I don't really care. If you have feelings for her and care about your, erm, stuff, you'll do right by her." She nodded at Wade, and the barman started walking toward them.

"You're giving me your blessing?" he asked.

"Yeah, I'm giving you my blessing within reason. Treat her right, Elijah. She deserves a man who'll love her for her."

His gaze found hers. The song had changed to a slow number, and Amber's date had his arms wrapped around her.

Amber was staring at him as she danced with another man. Pain shot through him at the sight of his woman in another man's arms. Amber was getting from her date what he'd not been able to give her. He'd never dated her, and he'd never even tried to get to know her outside of the club and the sex they shared. Not only did he not want to date, but Amber insisted on keeping their relationship secret. He couldn't force her to date him when she didn't want Heather to know about them.

Heather grabbed her drink and left him alone with his thoughts.

He spent the entire time watching Amber on her date. When it was time for them to leave, he turned into a stalker. Elijah followed her home and even took the stairs, hiding behind a large planter to watch the scene unfold.

"I had a nice time tonight," Amber said, getting her key and turning her back to the guy. "You really didn't need to bring me up to my room."

Her door was opened, and her date circled a hand around her waist. Elijah destroyed a branch of the plant he was hiding behind. He tightened his fist and forced himself to be rooted to the spot.

She was turned and pressed against the wall. The door to her apartment was partially open.

Her date kissed her. Elijah didn't know how he managed to stay seated during the whole episode, but he watched without giving himself away.

The date pulled away. "You don't want me, do you?" he asked.

"I'm really sorry, Dale. It has been someone else for a long time."

"Call me if things go badly." Dale stroked her cheek and then turned away.

Amber let out a sigh before going inside her apartment and closing the door.

Elijah left the building seconds later. His hands were shaking as he took out his cell phone. Amber had turned him into a stalker. He opened up a new message and sent Amber a text.

Elijah: Give me a chance. Meet me @ the cafe across the street tomorrow.

He hated text talk. Walking down the street he waited for his cell phone to go off.

Amber: Y?

Elijah: I can make it worth your while.

Amber: Y shud I trust u?

Elijah: I'm putting up with your bad text spelling. Meet me there or I'll come and get you.

Minutes passed, and Elijah stared down at his phone.

Amber: Fine!

Pocketing his cell, Elijah started to make some plans. There was no way he was sitting through another one of Amber's dates. It was not going to happen again.

Chapter Eight

Amber made her way through the crowds to get to the cafe where Elijah wanted to meet. Her date last night had been interesting, but she knew she was never going to date Dale again. He was fun to be around, but there was no chemistry between them. The kiss they shared was nice, but again, it was nothing exciting or exhilarating. Every second she spent with Elijah was exhilarating, frustrating, and annoying. Together they possessed heaps of emotions and chemistry.

Even from his text she'd been aching for him.

She found Elijah sat, reading a paper as she walked into the cafe.

He put the paper down the instant she approached the table.

"You're right on time," he said.

Taking a seat, she watched Elijah signal the waitress over. They both made an order for some coffee. She wasn't hungry for food and declined the offer.

"Why did you want to meet here?" she asked, flicking her hair off her shoulder.

"This is our first date."

He reached across the table taking her hand.

"It's the morning." She glanced around at the empty cafe.

"In a few hours this place would be heaving. I wanted to get a good seat and have some time together before the chaos starts up."

Amber laughed. "You call this a date?"

"We're together. I never thought you wanted to date."

She stared at him. "You didn't want to date me."

"I've never really dated anyone, Amber."

The waitress bought their coffee and left without a word.

"Have you, erm, have there been a lot of women after me?" she asked.

In all the years they'd been together she'd never once thought to ask him about his other commitments with other women.

"No. Since the moment we were first together there hasn't been any other woman. You're the only one I've been with. Erika, the blonde, wasn't anything. I never spoke to her after that moment. Please, don't think about her."

Amber nodded, not wanting to think about the blonde. She was happy with the news about his lack of other women. For the first time she felt awkward in his company.

"This is why I don't like to date. There is always a lot of pressure to make everything perfect. When we're together, I feel the world moving, and I never want that feeling to end."

"Then why do you always walk away?" she asked.

"Because part of me was always afraid of losing that feeling with you, and don't forget, you walked away as well."

"I know. What makes you think now is different?" His words lifted her world and brought her down again with a large crash.

"We've been doing this for over seven years, Amber. If we were going to fall, it would have happened. Every time feels like the first. My world explodes when I'm with you. Even now, holding your hand, I feel tingles like electricity shooting up my arm. I've never felt this with anyone. I love you. I want to be with you, and I'll date you. I'll do everything I have to in order to prove to you that I'm not going away."

His grip tightened on her.

"Oh, I'm also banning sex," he said.

"What?"

Elijah smiled. "I've made myself a promise. I'm going to prove to you we can be together without everything else. The sex is the best I've ever had, but for a long time, we're not going to have it. This is going to be about us getting to be together without any other pressure."

"I'm not sure about that. I like sex."

"Then you'll love it when we get back together after a short break. I'm not f**king you. I'm going to seduce you without all the other crap."

She sipped at her coffee and watched him. There was something different about him that she couldn't put her finger on. None of it made any sense to her. Why was Elijah adamant to date her?

"What's changed?" she asked.

"Last night is what changed my mind. Seeing you in the arms of another man opened my eyes to what I've been doing wrong. It's not acceptable to let another man touch you. You're mine, and now I'm going to prove it with more than words. There's no way I'm going to lose you because I was a dick and didn't give you what you needed."

Amber couldn't stop the tears from filling her eyes. "You're being serious about this?"

"Deadly serious."

She could live without any sex. Six months prior to him walking back into her life she'd been without.

"All right." She nodded her head and then picked up the menu.

"I don't want any bullshit either. If you're not up to going out or you're too ill, tell me."

"I will."

He gazed at her for several minutes before taking the other menu. "I'm starving. I'm thinking eggs, bacon, and some toast. What about you?"

She agreed with him. They ordered breakfast and ate in silence. The quiet wasn't tense or awkward. She was comfortable around him.

After they were finished, Elijah led them outside. The city was getting busier as it always did on a Saturday.

"Where are we going?" she asked.

"We've got to walk there. I didn't bring my car."

She hadn't driven her car either. Driving around the city was too stressful, and it took too long. It was much easier walking to places.

"Okay, where are we walking to?"

"That's the surprise."

He took her hand and headed off up the street. She held her bag tightly on her shoulder, following behind him. The city was too loud and crowded for them to have a real conversation. She couldn't believe they were doing something in public. Club Kink was not really in public. The customers and owners were very selective on who they allowed into their club. There was no way she'd ever see Heather or Connie frequenting one of the clubs.

Elijah stopped at the opening to the city center. It was full to bursting with different stalls. She saw a huge selection of food, clothing, and wines. Everything her heart desired was stationed at some stall up and down the city town center.

"You've brought me to the market?" she asked, smiling.

"Shopping is great way to relieve stress. Also, I'm cooking dinner at your apartment this evening. What better way to kick off dating than starting with fresh ingredients bought today?"

She'd just fallen head over heels in love with him, all over again.

Laughing, she kept hold of his hand as they made their way around the stalls. The scents were amazing. Some reminded her of the comforting warmth of stew, while others were filled with heat and were more exotic.

Amber couldn't believe she was having more fun right now, shopping in a busy city center, than she had last night, with Dale.

He's the man for me.

Elijah never once let go of her hand throughout the whole morning. She loved his time and attention, and he made her feel utterly complete.

****

The day he'd planned was the spur of the moment kind of day. Elijah hadn't known the market was on until he saw it advertised on the cafe shop window. He intended to spend the whole day with Amber, but doing what, he hadn't known. The market offered him an opportunity to expand their knowledge of each other. It also gave him an excuse not to let go of her hand.

He needed to wipe the memory of Dale from her mind.

They were carrying up their bags from their expedition around the market. Amber was laughing as he made a joke about her new vases. He'd offered to foot the bill for the two new vases, but she'd refused.

He wouldn't let her pay for dinner. Elijah bought all the ingredients and intended for Amber to be full and satisfied.

"I noticed those vases are a lot bigger than the last two you smashed trying to aim for my head."

"I know. Are you worried?"

"Not at all. I don't intend to be the person you throw vases at."

She chuckled, digging in her purse for her keys.

"I can't believe how much fun I've had. I didn't think it was possible to be so happy from just shopping." She pushed the door open, letting him through.

He went straight toward her kitchen. Elijah started unloading bags as Amber did the same from the sitting room. Looking across the space that separated them, he felt calm. There was no arguing or fighting. They were both getting on with the task of unloading their stuff.

Elijah knew he could live like this. She bent over the coffee table and started to arrange her vases. He admired her full rounded ass and grew hard, staring at her. Diving into his bag, Elijah began to unpack everything. He put the chocolate and butter to one side and then started looking for some flour in her cupboards.

He took the time to spread everything out on the counter, separating the ingredients into the main meal and the dessert.

Amber brushed past him to put the wine she'd purchased in the fridge. "I called Ashley to cover for me this weekend."

"Heather has plans with Julian." He couldn't bring himself to tell her the truth. Her friends knew about them. To her friends it was no big secret. He figured both women would tell Connie when they were ready.

"Yeah. Connie and Ashley usually plan to do something together. It's fun and always something to do with Wade. Ashley is trying to set Connie up with him. The man is in love with her, but he won't make a move. He's driving Ashley crazy."

"His gaze follows her everywhere." Elijah had noticed the other guy's attention toward Connie. He thought it was sweet, but if Wade didn't get her attention soon, then someone else was going to sweep in and take it.

"I know. He keeps trying to ask her out, but he balks at the last minute. I think Connie's losing patience with him. She's eating lunch elsewhere now." Amber shrugged. He moved out of her way as she put away some jars of coffee.

"It'll only be a matter of time before she moves on," Elijah said. He grabbed some measuring cups and bowls to start making dessert.

"I doubt Connie will truly move on. She doesn't give herself easily."

He guessed Connie was the most complex member of the group even though Amber had her days in the complex department.

"So, what do you want me to do?" she asked, leaning over the counter to stare at him.

"Nothing. You can sit, chill, relax, and watch as I make you my mean spiced pork casserole and melting chocolate puddings."

"Wow, that sounds delightful. I'm going to leave you to it."

He watched her saunter off to the sofa. She sat down with her feet underneath her. Clicking his fingers, he got to work in making a dinner that Amber would remember. He'd never really liked cooking when he was younger. Cooking had taught him patience and how best to handle his anger and aggression. Over the years he'd taken several cookery courses and was adept at everything he did in the kitchen. He hoped all those years would finally be put to good use.

Every now and then he'd look up and see Amber either reading or watching something on the television. He couldn't believe how quickly she changed her mind of what she was doing. Amber wasn't a one track mind. Elijah watched her pick up one paperback book off her shelf. She'd start reading, but about ten minutes later she put it back and picked up another one. Her mind was never focused on one thing.

Looking through their time together, Elijah realized the only time she kept track was when she was with him. There was no pushing or rushing her. Amber was only ever ready when she was ready.

He'd only just realized how different Amber actually was from what he thought. For many years he'd figured her as woman with a schedule and control issues. He thought that was why she let him take control in the bedroom. It would be the only place where she'd give up control.

She padded toward him. Her shirt was falling from her shoulder, showing off her bra. It was cute and utterly adorable watching her in her own home.

"I've never seen you like this," he said.

"Like what?"

"Carefree and happy."

"I've got a lot to be happy about." She leaned over and kissed his cheek. "You're giving us a chance, and instead of doubting everything I'm going to live it up. You never know how long it's going to last," she said.

He took her kiss and smiled. She hummed as she grabbed a drink out of the fridge. Elijah continued to make their meal while watching her. Amber was a beauty to witness in her element.

Marry her.

The thought took him by surprise as he stared at her. First he wanted to seduce her, and now he wanted to have her by his side for the rest of his life.

"Are you all right?" she asked, shaking some juice in the carton as she looked at him.

"What? Yeah, I'm fine."

"Looked like you spaced out there for a second."

"No, I'm not spaced out. I'm seeing something I've never seen before," he said.

She smiled. "I hope it's something good."

Amber left him alone. They were behaving like a couple. No fear came to him at the thought of settling down. It was time for him to be with Amber. She'd been his for so long, and he'd taken her for granted.

No more.

Chapter Nine

Amber pulled her hair up into a ponytail. It had been three weeks since Elijah declared his seduction, and they'd been three weeks of bliss to her. He was attentive toward her, and not a moment went by when she didn't feel cherished. Ashley was still keeping her secret, and it had been three weeks since she'd seen her friends properly. She knew it was only a matter of time before they all found out the truth.

When she thought about telling Heather the truth she was filled with doubts. She forced herself to push them aside. Elijah hadn't given her any cause to complain. He'd not even touched her. Their kisses were passionate, but he never took them further than a kiss. His hands would always caress her back or cup her face. Sometimes he'd grab her ass, which was the extent of his passion.

If Elijah stayed over he would sleep on her sofa or wear clothes to bed. He never once strayed.

Dale had been true to his word, and there was no conflict at work. In fact, he asked about her friend, Connie. He'd gone to Wade's the other night, and Connie had been there waiting for Wade. The two had gotten talking, and Dale and Connie had hit it off.

Elijah was right. If Wade didn't act soon then Connie was going to be with someone else. She wished her friend all the best and Dale, but she couldn't help feeling sorry for Wade.

Her cell phone chimed letting her know a text had come through.

Grabbing her cell out of the back pocket of her jeans she pressed the accept button.

Elijah: I can't believe you cancelled me. I've got the latest horror movie!

She'd turned him down. Amber missed her friends and really wanted to spend some time with them.

Smiling, she quickly typed a response.

Amber: Keep your panties on. Oh, that's right, they haven't come off. Do you have blue balls yet?

Elijah: You're a vixen. I'm doing the best I can. Come to me tonight and I'll give you a release.

She'd fallen for that line once before. He'd brought her to cl**ax with his fingers. Amber didn't want his fingers. She wanted everything from him.

Amber: I've fallen for that line before. You'll have to wait. I'm going to be with my girlfriends. They all need me.

Elijah: I need you!

Amber: Stop with the !!!!! They're frustrating. Deal with it.

In his next text he blew a raspberry at her, which made her laugh.

"Are you all right in here?" Dale asked. His head peered around the door. It was the female changing room. She'd already changed into her going out clothes.

"Yeah, everything is perfect." She pocketed her cell and grabbed her purse. "How are you?"

"I'm great. I'm heading over to Wade's. I convinced Connie to sing for me. She's got stage fright and all that, but I've asked her to let me listen. Is she good? I mean, I hope she's good, otherwise I'm in for it."

Laughing, Amber pushed her arm through his. "Connie could have a record deal she's that good. You'll love her singing. I know I do."

"There's no hard feelings, right?" Dale asked.

"No, none at all. I'm pleased you're moving on. Can I warn you that Wade has been crushing on her for some time? Please be careful with her and with Wade."

"Of course. I'm not that kind of man, honey. How are you and your man?"

She smiled. "We're doing good. Better, actually."

"Good."

They drove together to Wade's. She left him at the door. The guard letting people in stopped Dale from entering. "I've been told to keep you behind," the man said.

"I'll leave you to it, Dale. You may have pissed off the owner." She gave Dale a wink before heading inside.

Ashley, Connie, and Heather were seated in their booth. She looked over to the bar to see Wade heading toward her.

"I take it you're the one responsible for Dale being left behind?"

"I need to know what his intentions are." Wade glanced toward Connie. "I'm not letting her get hurt."

"I believe you." She watched him leave, and she saw Elijah sat at the bar. He raised a glass to her, and she rolled her eyes.

"Hey, what's going on with Wade?" Connie asked.

Taking her seat Amber looked at her friend. "He's taking care of some business out front. He'll be back in a moment. I'm sure it's nothing to worry about. He knows what he's doing."

"Where have you been?" Heather asked. "I really needed to talk to you, and you've always been busy."

"I've been dating, and work has been really crazy. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to abandon you guys," Amber said.

They all grumbled for several minutes. It was her friends' way of showing her that they cared.

"Okay, leave her alone. She feels like crap, and now we've got to give her the good news," Ashley said.

Amber smiled gratefully at her friend.

"What's the good news?"

"I'm having a baby," Heather said, screaming and covering her mouth.

Amber gasped. "What? Julian got you pregnant?"

"Yes. I can't believe it. I took the test a couple of weeks, and then I went to the doctor to confirm it. I'm not far along, but it's official. I'm going to be a mommy."

They all cheered. "That better not be alcohol," Amber said, pointing to the drink in front of her.

"No, it's not. Julian didn't want me coming today. I promised him I'd be good. I'd never risk this baby. I can't believe I'm going to be a mommy."

Heather looked so happy. Laughing, Amber found herself looking for Elijah. He was sat at the bar watching her. A gentle hum settled over her. She kept her gaze on Elijah, knowing she wanted a future with him. She'd do everything in her power to make him happy. In the last few weeks he'd really showed her what their life could be together.

"I'm going to the ladies' room with Connie to prepare her," Heather said.

Amber watched her friends go. Ashley slid closer to her.

"Are you going to give me any juicy details?" she asked.

"About what?"

"About the hot guy staring at you all the time. I never thought Elijah was capable of being a stalker. I think he should win awards for the change inside him."

Amber laughed. "He's not that bad."

"No? Then why have you both kept it a secret all these years?"

There was no answer to that question at all.

"I don't know what to say," Amber said, staring down at her hands.

"I'm sorry. I don't mean to burst your bubble. I know you've got your reasons, and I'm sure he's got his." Ashley moved away.

"What's going on with you?" Amber asked. "We rarely see each other anymore. How's the bar work going?"

"Fine. Everything is fine in my life."Ashley stood. "I'm sorry to bail. I need to get out of here."

Amber tried to get her friend to sit, but Ashley wouldn't listen.

"Tell Heather congratulations and I'm sorry for leaving. I just need to go."

Watching her go, Amber felt the hairs on the back of her neck stand on end. Turning around she saw Elijah stood at the bar. She smiled, but his attention was focused on something in front of him.

The crowd blocking the person moved, and she saw the blonde from Club Kink.

Great, just great.

****

"What are you doing here?" Elijah asked. The woman in front of him looked down at her feet.

"I'm sorry. I don't come to Wade's often. I couldn't believe it was you, and I had to come and say hello."

Glancing at the table where Amber was, he saw her talking with Ashley. Shit, he couldn't remember her name. Her name had completely vanished from his head. He and Amber were doing so well. This could spoil it if he didn't get rid of her.

"You can't remember my name, can you?" she asked.

"No."

"It's Erika."

"Hi, Erika." Now he remembered her name again. Running his fingers through his hair, he looked at Amber. She was staring at the woman beside him. "Shit."

Erika turned in her direction. "Oh, you and Amber were an actual couple?"

"Yes, we're a couple, and I need you to leave." He gritted the words out.

"Okay, erm, I'm so sorry."

"The rules of the club state you're not to make anyone uncomfortable outside the club," he said. Tyler was strict about his club and his rules. If people wanted to meet outside of the club that was down to them. This was not one of those situations. He didn't want to know her.

"I know. I shouldn't have come over. The last time we were together I thought there was something between us."

He shook his head. "No, there's nothing between us. Nothing ever will be between us. This is my fault. I shouldn't have brought you into my mess."

"Mess? You consider us a mess?" Amber asked, standing behind him.

Turning around he saw the sadness in her eyes. She looked behind him at Erika.

"Amber," he said.

"Elijah." She stared at him with tears glistening in her eyes. "I should have known this was a big mistake."

She turned away and started toward the door.

Throwing his hands up in frustration, he threw some notes down on the bar. "Don't approach me in a bar again. There is nothing between us, Erika, and you know I'm not the man for you."

He charged after Amber. She was storming down the street as he got outside.

"Amber." He shouted her name.

She wouldn't stop walking away from him.

Running down the street Elijah called her name several more times.

Amber kept walking.

He caught her up quickly. "Will you stop?"

"You think our life together is a mess?" she asked, stopping to yell at him.

"No, I don't think it's a mess. I made it a mess."

"You're not making any sense."

"Do you think I don't know that?" He looked around him to see they were secluded in a darkened alleyway. "I could have had you at eighteen, Amber, and I didn't. We both walked away, and for the last seven years we've been having these moments together that were so fleeting, they might as well be a joke."

He ran his fingers through his hair, trying to find the right words to convey what he wanted to say.

She didn't speak or dispute him, which he took as a good sign.

"We're good together, Amber. Even without the f**king sex we're that good. You can't tell me you don't feel it?" He moved toward her, and she took a step back. "Don't pull away from me."

"You're not making any sense."

"I'm making perfect sense. I love you, Amber, and Erika means nothing to me. The mess I mentioned was the mess I'd caused with me giving her the wrong impression about my attention."

She stared down his body. Her hand touched his chest. "Why did you caress her, Elijah? If she meant nothing, why did you do it?"

"You're always so closed off around me. Heather gets a part of you I'll never see, and I'm jealous of her. I'm jealous of my sister because she gets a chance to have you in ways I can't."

He dropped his head, panting for breath. Elijah was opening himself up in ways he never thought he could. Amber left him no choice but to open up.

"I'm yours, Elijah."

"Are you really?" he asked.

"I'm yours. You've told me enough times that I've got no choice but to believe it."

He chuckled, caressing her cheek. "We're not a mess. We're the best we've ever been together."

"Will you take me home?" she asked.

"You're not going to shout at me?"

"No. I'm not going to yell." She offered him her hand, and he took it.

The walk to her apartment was slow, and he took her the long way around to her apartment. He wanted all the excuses he could find to be around her.

"We're a strange pair, right?"

"Yeah, we're strange."

"I was thinking we could tell Heather soon. I don't like lying to my friend. You're her brother, and I want her to know I'm seeing you. Sneaking around and lying is so not my thing."

"I thought you'd never ask." He snaked an arm around her waist and took her back to her apartment.

"Does this mean we get to have sex?" she asked.

"Not yet." He wanted to f**k her more than anything. First, he needed to make sure Amber held no doubts. Heather finding out about them was a good sign.

"Do you want me to tell her?" he asked.

"Do you think she'll take it better coming from you?" she asked.

"You talk to her," Elijah said. He'd give Heather the truth but tell her to give Amber some time to admit it. His sister was a little matchmaker in the making.

He left her at her apartment door and dialed his sister's number on the way out of the apartment.

"Elijah, I've got good news. I'm pregnant."

Heather's news took him by surprise, halting all of his thoughts. "Wow, congratulations."

She talked and talked until he heard Julian complain about some attention.

"Sorry. I'm excited. I've got a human inside me, and I'm amazed."

He laughed. "It's all good."

"What did you want to talk to me about?" she asked.

"Amber wants to tell you the truth about us." He'd been talking with his sister for some time. They were slowly coming together, and Heather had started calling him by his given name rather than the insults she sent his way.

"Okay. I'll be gentle with her. It's about time she opened up to me. I've hated all this lying."

He talked with Heather for several minutes before finally ringing off. Staring up at the moon, he wondered if this would finally be the year when he got his heart's desire.

Chapter Ten

Telling Heather about her relationship with Elijah wasn't as hard as she thought it was going to be. Her friend was understanding and comforted her even though Amber didn't think she deserved the comfort. For a long time she'd been deceitful to her best friend. She felt better that everything was out in the open.

"I can't believe you're dating my brother. It's so weird. I mean, he's my brother, Amber."

"I know. I'm really sorry for keeping it from you." Amber reached over to grab her friend's hand. They were in a cute Mexican restaurant and had ordered some tacos for lunch.

"Don't worry. The way I've been freaking out over my brother I'm not surprised you've kept it to yourself."

Happiness filled Amber from Heather's lack of reaction. She'd always expected Heather to get angry or something bad to happen.

"I do love him."

"I can see it in your eyes. Every time his name is mentioned you brighten up. I imagine that's how I look when Julian enters a room. I love him so much, and I know you, Amber. You'll love my brother with so much passion. He's a lucky guy. I hope he realizes how damn lucky he is."

"I'll make sure he knows it."

Her cell phone chimed again. Elijah was always texting her. Rolling her eyes, she quickly read the text.

Elijah: This weekend, get it off. I want you to myself for the weekend. I've got lots planned.

"What's he saying?" Heather asked.

"I've got a hot weekend planned. He's your brother, and I don't want to give you the juicy details."

Heather groaned, covering her ears. "I do not need to hear all the sordid details. You can keep those to yourself."

They finished lunch together, and Amber made her way to the address of the bar that Ashley had given her. She wanted to see her friend to let Ashley know everything was okay.

The bar was quiet when she entered. She spotted Ashley at the bar, cleaning glasses.

"Hey, honey."

Her friend jerked at the sound of her voice. Amber waved toward her.

"Amber, what are you doing here?"

She came from behind the bar and pulled Amber into a hug.

"I came to see my best friend. How are you doing?" Amber asked.

"I'm doing good." Ashley took her to the bar and went back to work.

"I told Heather the truth about me and Elijah," said Amber.

"That's good."

For several minutes Amber watched her friend. She'd never seen Ashley look nervous or scared, but she looked it now.

"Honey, what's going on?"

"Nothing. Nothing is going on. The bar is always slow during the day. I change my shifts every week. This week I'm working the day shift, and next week I'm doing the night shift." Ashley was rambling, which was something she never did.

"Ashley, when you're done with the glasses you're needed in the back."

The glass her friend had been holding shattered as it hit the floor.

Amber looked toward the voice and recognized the guy instantly. "Jonathan Cook?"

His gaze hit her. "Amber Phelps?"

"Yeah, what are you doing here?" Amber asked. She glanced at her friend to see Ashley had gone pale.

"I own this place."

"Yeah, could you go, Jonathan? I've got this."

He looked undecided, but he left without a word.

"The captain of the football team is your boss? Why didn't you say anything?" Amber asked, turning her attention back to her friend.

"He's a f**king jackass, and I'm looking for a different place to work. If nothing comes through soon I'm going to take Wade up on his offer." Ashley threw the towel down on the counter. "I'm fine. There's nothing wrong with the way I handle him. The past is in the past. You shouldn't worry about me at all."

"He broke your heart."

Ashley snorted. "He smashed my heart to smithereens and laughed while he did it, Amber. I'm never going to forgive him for what he did to me, but I moved on." She shrugged. "I'm living the high life, honey."

"You're f**king everything that walks and never opening up to another man. You're not living a high life, Ashley. You're just getting by."

They stared at each other for several minutes. "I love you, Amber. You're my best friend, but please, stay out of this."

"I worry about you."

"Don't. The last thing you need to do is worry about me. I'm good."

Amber watched Ashley walk in the same direction of Jonathan. Her friend was dying inside and had been since high school. Why hadn't she seen it before? She'd been so caught up in her own drama she'd not even considered what her friend was going through.

Grabbing her purse, she headed out the door. She got back to work and made a list of all the things she'd need to pack for that weekend. There was nothing she could do to save Ashley. Her friend would come to her when she was ready to receive help.

Her biggest shock came when Connie arrived at the office at five in the afternoon.

"What are you doing here?" Amber asked. She was walking out of the office building as Connie was walking inside.

"I've brought dinner for Dale. He works too hard, and he deserves a really good dinner as compensation." Connie was smiling.

"Are you and Dale a couple?" Amber thought about Wade. What was her friend going to do about him?

"We're friends. He's nice, and he's not pressuring me to be something I'm not. Please, don't get the wrong idea. He's different, and you're all busy. Heather's dealing with Julian and her pregnancy. Ashley's got some issue. You've been disappearing, and it has just been me." Connie shrugged. The sadness on her face was clear to see.

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be. I'm happy, and you guys are happy. This is dinner and friendship, and I like him. He's different."

"And he's older."

"Don't judge," Connie said.

"I'm not judging."

"Good. I'm going to get this up to him before it gets cold."

Amber watched her friend go. She was the second friend she'd seen walk away. It had been a strange day and a strange week.

****

"I thought I f**king told you to make sure my shift is different from yours," Ashley said. She couldn't believe Amber was the one to find out Jonathan was her boss. Shaking her head, she let out a frustrated groan. When had her life gotten so complicated?

"I'm the boss, Ashley. I've got no choice but to be here all the time. Every shift I'm here. I just stay out of your way."

"Then why didn't you stay out of my way today?" She turned back toward him, glaring.

"This is insane. You're my employee. I pay your wages, and if any other employee was to talk to me the way you just did, I'd f**king fire them." He stepped closer to her, invading her space.

She hated this job. She hated him, and she wished he'd f**k off.

Grabbing the apron from around her waist, she slammed the fabric against his chest. "I f**king quit, you piece of shit." She thumped him for added measure. His chest was hard. Growling in frustration, she glared at him. "Do you f**k your other employees and then destroy them in high school, Jonathan?"

"I said I was sorry. If I could take it back I would."

"That's the good thing, saying words of regret. It's a shame you can never take back the shit you did to me. You bastard."

Ashley saw red and slapped him around the face.

When she lifted her hand to hit him again, Jonathan caught her hand. "Do not hit me again," he said.

The look in his eye was deadly.

Tears sprang to her eyes. "I hate you."

"I know, but I made a mistake and I'm sorry."

She let the pain sink in. The tears spilled out of her eyes without any pressure. "You ruined my life. I'm never going to get that back." She let out a sob as all the men she'd been with came rushing through her. "So many men. All you had to do was deny it, but you didn't. Why couldn't you leave me alone?" she asked.

His arms wrapped around her as she fought his hold. Closing her eyes, Ashley wished she could change everything, her life, what she did. If she could have a do over, she'd love it.

No one could change their life, and neither could she.

Ashley would be cursed to forever know what she'd done to help ease the pain because of this man who'd claimed her heart and ruined her for life.

****

Elijah slammed shut the door to his car. It was Friday afternoon, and Amber was standing outside her apartment building waiting for him. He'd never once thought his life could be so perfect. Heather was talking with him, and Amber was in his life. After years of Heather thinking he was the perfect son, wrongly on his sister's part, she was finally getting over her issues. There were no problems between them, only what Heather had made up in her mind. At least he and Amber did not have to sneak around, and now he and Julian could join the ladies at their table in Wade's.

Amber rushed toward him. He held his arms open waiting for her. Elijah caught her easily in his arms.

"I love you," she said, laughing.

"Good. Get ready for a weekend of loving, baby. This weekend you're all mine."

"I can't wait."

Staring down into her smiling face, he tugged her close for a kiss.

She moaned, her hands gripping the hair at the nape of his neck. "I missed you."

"I missed you, too, baby."

He let her down on her knees and bent to grab her case. She travelled light. He stored her case in his car.

"Where are we going?" she asked.

"Some place special."

The some place special was a resort he'd invested in. He was driving them to the airport where Julian's private jet was waiting. Asking his future brother-in-law for anything had been daunting. Julian wanted Heather to be happy, and if Amber was happy, Heather was happy. It made sense in Julian's explanation whereas Elijah just got confused with all the names being used.

"I'm excited now."

She sang along to the songs he got playing on the radio. He loved listening to her sing. Every now and then he'd turn to look at her before focusing back on the road.

"You keep staring, and I'm going to think something is wrong with me," she said.

"Nothing is wrong with you, baby."

Her eyes lit up when he got her into the airport. Julian's jet was stored at the local airport. The guy must really earn something to be able to afford such extravagance.

During the whole trip he watched Amber's excited face. She was really having fun with their time together.

"Okay, we're up in the air, heading toward some fabulous place. Spill, Elijah. I never had you down as a romantic."

"We've been dating for the last month and half, and you haven't pegged me as the romantic type?" he asked.

"Good point. Come on, Elijah. Spill, I want to know where you're taking me."

Her hands were clasped together, and she was begging him.

"A couple of years ago I was approached in one of the other clubs I frequented about an idea for a secluded resort."

"Like an island?" she asked.

"Yeah. He wanted to set up a resort where couples could go for the weekend or for a vacation and explore ... stuff."

She frowned at him. "Elijah Booth, are you taking me to a sex resort?" she asked.

"It's a kind of sex resort."

"What do you mean by kind of?"

He chuckled. The suspicion on her face and in the tone of her voice was incredibly cute. "It's a sex resort that I helped invest in. This is why I'm not hurting for money, and I don't really need a job."

"You've got income from a sex resort?"

"It's a resort that offers everything to everyone. One of my wealthy friends is a Dom and a sub. He's a switch, but for so long he was undecided." Elijah twirled a strand of her hair. "He came to me talking about people and couples exploring certain activities together."

"It's not always safe to go out hunting close to him," she said.

"Yeah, so he asked if I'd be willing to offer my services for several weekends a year, and I do. He's wealthy, and he didn't need any help financially."

"What's the resort called?"

"Take Me Away. It's incredibly lame, but my friend felt it had a lot of pull. Men and women experience that feeling of wanting to get away at times in their lives or in relationships."

He stroked the back of her neck, loving the way she shivered against his fingers.

"I like the name. What do you offer?"

"I've never taken a sub or done anything sexual. I told Derrick I wouldn't do that."

"Derrick's the guy who owns the resort?"

"Derrick Torres. He's a good guy. We offer everything. There are special weekends for Dom/sub pairs, or for sadists, but they're not as popular at the moment. We cater to more than one fantasy. Two or more men at a time for some women or more than one woman for the men. There are auctions where they have the chance to buy a willing slave. It's all above board and consensual. Derrick has a psychologist and some medical staff in case of emergencies. He's strict on security as well."

"Okay, wow, I get it. The resort is above board, and we're both safe." She took his hand. "I trust you, Elijah. Do I need to be worried about what you've got planned for us?"

"No. We're not joining in the fun. I've got a place near the ocean. It's secluded and away from the resort. I own it, and I wanted you to see part of my life."

"A weekend away for us both to be together without any trouble?"

"Yeah."

She settled her head against his chest. "I love you."

"Baby, words can't describe how much I love you."

The rest of the plane ride to the resort went by without a hitch. Amber fell asleep with her head on his lap. He stroked through her red curls, staring out of the window across from him. This weekend was about more than getting them to spend time together. He hoped to rekindle their life with him as the Dominant and her as his submissive. Elijah missed their time together and the intensity of their relationship within that world.

He'd always been a Dom, and he knew in his own mind that he'd never change that part of him. Amber with all of her spunky attitude and fiery personality was a submissive at heart. There were moments when he saw her need to be controlled flash in her eyes.

They needed this weekend together to get back to the way they were. Over the last few weeks they'd gained ground with their feelings for each other, and now he felt was the time to advance on that. His palms were sweaty and his c**k aching with need, but he was determined to have everything with Amber. Elijah knew it was possible. She was the woman for him, and there was nothing stopping them from being together.

Chapter Eleven

"What do you think?" Elijah asked.

Amber stared at the cabin or holiday home or whatever the hell you wanted to call it. She loved it instantly. Turning around she stared out at the ocean. The sun was setting, and the orange and fiery red tones blazing in the sky made her gasp. This was such a perfect place to be. The cabin looked like a luxurious bungalow surrounded by sand and trees. The resort itself was idyllic, and to anyone knew or was experimenting the place wouldn't feel threatening.

"This is perfect, Elijah. Your friend really knew what he was doing."

His arms wrapped around her waist. "Our luggage has been unpacked. Do you want to go and look inside?"

"Not yet. I want to watch the sun go down."

Living in the city she never got chance to watch the sunset.

"It's so beautiful," she said. She held onto his hands, resting against him.

"I always thought of you when I watched the sunset." He kissed the side of her head.

"Me?"

"Yeah. Look at the colors, Amber. They're fiery, passionate, and so full of life. You're the same. Your hair is the same color as the fire, and I've seen the passion you have. But if you look at the sky, there's so much going on that no one really sees what truly is happening," he said. His voice was intoxicating. He reeled her in with his words.

"What's really happening?" she asked, staring at the sky but so focused on the man behind her.

"The sky is just as submissive as you. On the outside it's all the passion and the attitude, but if you look long enough and hard enough, you see the sun is simply going down. It's submissive to its Master."

"You're talking about more than the sun, Elijah," she said.

He turned her in his arms. "I am talking about more than the sun. Staring at the sunset always reminded me of you. Wherever I went within the world, I'd always remember you. You were the one person I never wanted to forget or to escape from."

She stared into his eyes, captivated by his intense stare.

"You're my submissive, Amber. You're my woman, and you're my sunset."

"What do you mean?" she asked. Tears filled her eyes. Elijah was opening up to her in ways she didn't think was possible.

"You're my everything, Amber. You're my submissive, the woman I argue with and have fun with. I've wasted seven long years to get my shit together, but I'm telling you, baby, you're not going to have to wait another damn minute for me. I'm here, and I'm ready to commit to you."

"Why did you get so sweet?"

"You're the reason. Only you."

She reached out, stroking his cheek. "I'm ready, too. I'm ready for you to be my Master again and my Elijah."

He leaned down and kissed her. His tongue plundered her mouth, demanding and so in control. She missed this. "I have to taste you. I need you spread out on my bed."

"I want that, too." She circled his neck, pressing her body against his.

Elijah grabbed her ass, rubbing his c**k against her pu**y. She moaned, kissing him back as he took her lips once again.

"Not out here. I'm taking you inside."

Picking her up, he crossed the threshold of the cabin. She liked the thought of calling it a cabin more than a bungalow. His place was modern with all the touches a man could want. The cabin was open planned, and she saw all the rooms in one turn. The doors were wide open, and she spotted a pool out of the far window.

"Wow."

"Is that the only word in your vocabulary?" he asked, teasing her.

"Around you it seems to be. This place is amazing."

He put her on her feet giving her a chance to look around. She noticed there was no office. There was a large sitting room with a full length plasma television. There was a small fireplace on the side wall, which made it look cozy. She imagined in the winter it would make staying at the resort comfortable.

Through to the kitchen she saw an open plan kitchen and dining room.

"Do you entertain a lot?" she asked.

"Never."

The appliances were top of the range. The cabin layout was better than her apartment.

Next he took her through to another room, the main bedroom.

"This is where we'll be sleeping," he said.

The bed was large and open. She caressed the sheets, feeling the silk of them against the pads of her fingers.

"Every comfort, right?"

"Yeah. There's another room I want to show you." He took her hand and led her through to where she imagined the office would be. The door didn't have a lock. "I had this installed, but I never planned to use it. I felt I needed to make it, and I think even then I always intended to claim you, Amber."

He opened the door and switched on the light.

The room was large, like an office, only this office was not intended for work but for play. She gasped as she recognized several devices and toys.

"This is your playroom?"

"It's our playroom. I've never used this with anyone else. You're the only person I want, Amber."

She stepped inside and felt like she was going into another life. The desire to get down on her knees and present herself to him was strong. She held off and took the time to admire the playroom.

A lot of care and attention had gone into decorating this room. Like in most playrooms one wall was devoted to spanking equipment. She eyed the whips, coils, floggers, and paddles. Elijah had used each one in Club Kink. These were personal spanking toys. No other woman had known the pleasure or the pain they could create. In the BDSM club, the toys were cleaned before every use, but others had felt what they could create.

Her personal favorite item was the spanking bench. She loved leaning over the bench and being open to her Master for him to spank.

She moved toward the bench, touching the hard leather. "It's beautiful."

There were chains hung from the wall, and on the far wall, next to the floggers was a cross. They'd never used it at Club Kink. She didn't like to be open or vulnerable in front of people.

"I've always wanted to get you na**d for me. I want you to trust me with your body."

"I trust you."

"I'd like to play with you this weekend, Amber."

"And I'd like that, too, Sir."

She let out a sigh. Amber hadn't called him Master or Sir in a long time. Hearing his title sound off her lips and into the air, made her feel calm.

****

Elijah smiled. His hands shook as he reached for her. Seeing her inside his playroom made all the weeks and months put into decorating the room worthwhile. He'd spent hours trawling the internet looking for the right toys to fill the room.

Even though he'd tried to forget about Amber, she'd always been at the forefront of his mind when organizing his room.

"Do you want me to assume the position?" she asked, taking him by surprise.

He shook his head. "No."

"Why not?"

"We've got all weekend to experiment and explore. Tonight, I want you as you are." Elijah led her out of the playroom, shutting the door behind him.

She didn't say another word as he led her to the back of the cabin to where the bedroom was. He let her go, and they faced each other. The bed was a dominating presence between them.

"Do you want this?" he asked. He wanted her to be ready.

"I'm ready, Elijah. So ready."

Closing the small distance that lay between them, Elijah sank his fingers into her hair, bringing her closer to him with his grip. She went without a fight, relaxing against him.

"I need your lips. Give them to me."

She went on her toes as she leaned down, brushing his lips against hers. He touched her so lightly and fleetingly that she moaned.

"Please, Elijah, don't tease me. It has been too long."

"And this will be amazing. Trust me, baby. I know what I'm doing."

He fingered the buttons of her suit jacket and popped them out, opening her jacket. Loosening his grip on her hair, he pushed the open jacket from her shoulders.

Amber gasped.

"I've barely touched you, and you're already shaking."

"I'm turned on. I need you to touch me."

"I will. All in good time," he said, stroking fingers down the front of her shirt. He purposely missed skimming her ni**les. The buds were so tight as they pressed to the front of her shirt. He went down caressing her stomach and tugging at her shirt to pull it out of the skirt.

"You and time. You're going to drive me crazy with your need to prolong everything."

"It'll be worth it when you're screaming my name in orgasm."

She gasped, pressing toward him. "I need you now."

"I'm in charge. Wait for it."

Amber closed her eyes, whimpering.

He tugged her shirt out and began unbuttoning her shirt. She wore a lacy white bra. He saw the dark red tips of her ni**les, glinting at him through the lace. Pushing the shirt from her shoulders, he knelt before her.

Elijah looked up at her, staring up the length of her body. "You're so damn beautiful."

Running his hands up her legs, he found the zipper and pulled. The dress fell down her body in a heap on the floor. He held her hand, giving her help to step out and kick the skirt aside.

She was mostly na**d with only her bra and panties remaining. He stood and circled her where she stood in front of him. Elijah reached out stroking her back then moving around to caress her arm. He touched her, circling her at the same time.

Goosebumps erupted all over her flesh. He saw them. Her ni**les were hard buds pressing against the lace of her bra. His mouth watered for a taste of her supple flesh.

"I bet you're wet for me, aren't you, baby?" he asked, standing close to her.

He wrapped an arm around her middle, kissing her neck.

"You know I am."

Teasing her, Elijah stroked an arm down her middle to rest on her rounded stomach. He kept his hand on her stomach while kissing and nibbling her neck. Only when he knew she was ready to be touched did he caress down to her covered mound. The front of her panties were soaking wet with cream.

Elijah gripped the fabric, then tore it from her body. She gasped, arching up toward his palm. Chuckling, he settled his palm against the fine hairs of her pu**y. She was so f**king wet and sweet.

"Wet, dripping wet." He bit down on her shoulder as he pressed a finger deep inside her tight entrance. Adding a second finger, he pumped inside her, drawing out the pleasure and watching as her body shook. He'd not touched her cl*t yet, and she was panting for more.

"Elijah," she said, whimpering.

"What's the matter, baby? Do you need to come?" He pressed a third finger inside her and opened his fingers, stretching her for his cock.

Rubbing his c**k against her ass, Elijah felt her cum spill over his fingers.

"Yes. Stop teasing me."

He pumped inside her body. Slamming all three fingers inside her tight heat, he pressed a thumb to her swollen clit. Her cries were music to his ears. Amber never held anything back. She didn't fake her responses. He'd not given her an opportunity to fake anything.

"I like teasing you."

Stroking his thumb across her clit, he teased her, waiting until she was close before drawing his hand out of her cunt.

Amber screamed in frustration. "Stop it."

She jumped out of his arms. Elijah kept his gaze on hers and licked his fingers. They tasted juicy, sweet, and utterly like her pu**y.

He grabbed her arms and threw her down to the edge of the bed. "I'm going to lick this pu**y before I do anything else."

Opening her thighs, he dived in and began licking and sucking her cl*t into his mouth. There was nothing neat or tidy in what he did. Opening her legs with the width of his shoulders, he settled between her spread thighs. He held the lips of her pu**y open with his fingers. Elijah lavished her pu**y. He f**ked her with his tongue and then smashed her clit, flicking the bud.

Amber was screaming, shuddering, and clawing at his arms.

"Come for me, baby." He thrust two fingers into her cunt, turned them and stroking over her G-spot. She erupted, her cream spilling over his fingers as she sat up on the bed, crying out. The bliss on her face was intoxicating.

Wiping her juices from his chin, he climbed up the bed. Reaching around her body, he tugged the bra off her. The bra was only in his way. Once he had her bare, Elijah slammed his lips down on hers.

"Did that take the edge off, baby?" he asked.

"Yes."

"Good." He moved off her and stood at the end of the bed waiting. "I now want you to undress me."

He was still fully clothed, and he intended to make this night to last.

Chapter Twelve

There was no grace in climbing off the bed. Amber did the best she could, keeping her eyes on Elijah as she went to him. He stood fully clothed, staring at her with that heated look she loved so much.

"Come here and undress me," he said again.

She reached for his shirt and began to unbutton him. His hard, tanned, muscular chest appeared before her eyes. Elijah worked out giving him the definition in his frame. She ran her hands up his chest, like he'd done to her and pushed the shirt off his shoulders.

Stroking her hands down his arms she felt how warm he was.

"You're so warm."

"I burn hot for you, baby."

"You're charming me again."

He gripped her chin, bringing her closer to his lips. She moaned, kissing him back. Elijah did know how to kiss.

Her body hummed with the tension.

"Do you want me, baby?" he asked.

"Yes."

"On your knees," he said.

She sank to her knees, gripping the buckle of his belt. Amber worked the belt and the jeans open until they fell down around his knees.

His c**k sprang up. The tip was red and glistened with pr**cum.

"Touch me, Amber."

Reaching up, she wrapped her fingers around the root of his shaft. He groaned. She looked up to see him staring down at her.

"You're rock hard," she said.

"That's what you did to me, baby. I want inside your cunt. I know what you taste like and how tight you are."

She knelt up and licked the tip of his cock.

"Fuck!"

Amber smiled. She took the whole head of him into her mouth, sucking on the tip. His hands went back into her hair, fisting the length. Elijah used her head to deepen the strokes. She let her mouth go lax, and he went deeper, hitting the back of her throat.

"Fuck, I'm so close to coming. I don't want to come in your mouth." He pushed her away with the grip on her hair.

She looked up at him, wiping the saliva off her chin.

"Get on the bed."

Scrambling to her feet, she got onto the center of the bed. Elijah followed her down. "Open your legs."

Again, she did as he asked.

"Such a pretty pu**y." His fingers stroked over her slit. "Watch me f**k you."

Her gaze went between them. He gripped the root of his c**k and pressed the tip through her clit. She watched as he slid the tip through her slit, hitting her cl*t as he did.

"Are you ready for me?" he asked.

"Yes." She panted, thrashing her head from side to side. Every time he bumped her clit, she cried out. She was close to another orgasm.

"I'm going to f**k you now."

There were no words as she watched him slide his c**k to her entrance. The head teased her, and she waited. Amber didn't know what to expect. Would he go fast or slow? Would Elijah draw it out?

Her question was answered in the next instant as he slammed inside her. Elijah wasn't soft or gentle. He was hard and rough, making her take all of him in one. She banded her arms around his neck, holding on as he pumped into her body.

"Watch us, Amber," he said.

Sliding her gaze to where they were joined together, she saw his c**k glisten with her cum.

"I can't stop. I need to feel you come." She cried out as he swiped fingers through her slit. "Come for me, baby."

She held onto his body, closing her eyes, and she let herself over the peak. He rode her hard. His fingers drew her into another orgasm. Elijah wouldn't let her off easily. He played with her, bringing her to multiple orgasms as he pounded inside her.

His c**k was a rock-hard brand pulsing inside her. She'd never felt so full in all of her life.

Finally he let go of her pu**y and gripped her ankles in his palms. She stared up the length of his body. Her legs were opened wide, waiting for him to finish what he started.

"I'm going to come soon, but I promise you it won't be over," he said.

"I don't want it to be over."

Elijah f**ked her then, harder than he'd ever f**ked her before. His c**k was hard inside her and seemed to swell further still.

"Such a tight pu**y. My pu**y. Never letting you go, Amber. You're my woman. My little sub."

His gaze was raw and hot. There was no getting through to him, and she lay back, accepting his passionate loving. Amber stared up as his gaze was focused between their legs. He c**k was wet with her cum.

"I'm going to come, and then I'm going to f**k you again. I need you so damn bad."

"Fuck me, Elijah. Fuck me and then make me come again."

She gripped his arms, holding onto him.

He thrust inside her and cried out. She felt his c**k pulse inside her and the heat of his seed coat her womb. It was the strangest feeling in the world yet the most natural.

Amber saw the veins pop out of his neck as his orgasm took over.

Elijah collapsed on top of her. His hard, heavy body was shaking over her. She held him tightly as he pressed all of his hard body onto her.

"I'm f**king addicted to you," he said, whispering the words against her ear.

"Is that a bad thing?" she asked.

"No, never. I'm going to spend the rest of my life doing this with you." He pushed the hair off her face.

"I don't want to rush you, baby, but you're squashing me," she said, trying her best to breathe.

"Shit, I'm sorry."

He pulled out of her body and collapsed next to her. She turned on her side to look at him, and he did the same. Elijah reached out, stroking the hair out of her face. "I can't believe I wasted so much time," he said.

She held his hand, kissing his knuckles.

"There will be no more time wasted. I love you, Elijah, and I won't let you run from me again." She leaned over, resting on his chest. Amber traced his lips with her finger. This was the first time they'd lingered over sex. She couldn't recall a time when they'd not been rushed.

"We never did this, did we?" he asked.

Amber shrugged. "It doesn't matter. The past doesn't matter."

"I hurt you though."

She smiled, kissing his fingers where they skimmed her lips. "I'm sure I've hurt you over the years. We're both to blame for what happened. I'm not about the pain anymore, only the pleasure."

****

Elijah looked up into his woman's eyes. She was smiling down at him, and there was no fear or doubt in her eyes. He'd finally fixed the problem between them. Staring up into her eyes, he felt happy.

"What are you smiling about?" she asked.

He'd not even realized he was smiling. "I've got a lot to be happy about," he said.

"Like what?" She rested her head on top of her hands where they were crossed on his chest.

"I got you in my arms and in my bed. We're all alone in a secluded resort, and your cunt is filled with my cum. I'm a happy guy."

She laughed, shaking her head. "You're unbelievable," she said. "Out of everything you could say to me you picked up on the cum thing."

"Yeah, I did. What more is there?" he asked, nudging her with his shoulder.

Amber went silent on him for several seconds. "I don't know. I can't think of anything." She shrugged and laughed. "I don't care. I'm in your arms, and I'm happy. There's nothing more to say about it."

He ran his fingers up and down her arms. "Speaking of cum, are you on any birth control?" he asked. He'd always used a condom between them.

"No, I'm not on any. I, erm, I didn't know what you wanted to do. I mean, I was going to see about getting the morning after pill, but I forgot. My life has been pretty hectic of late." She tucked some hair behind her ear.

"You're adorable when you don't know what to say."

Her cheeks bloomed red. "I'm sorry. I don't know what to say to you. We've never talked about this."

"It has been over a month since we were last together. Have you noticed any changes?" he asked.

Elijah was shocked by the excitement he was feeling. He didn't think he'd be happy at the thought of being a father or having a family.

"What? You mean tender br**sts, morning sickness?"

"Yes."

"No, nothing. I don't feel different at all. Do you wish I were?" she asked.

He held a strand of hair in his fingers. "I don't know."

"We're a little messed up, don't you think?" She giggled. "We can't even decide if we want to have a family. How messed up is that?"

"I want a family with you, Amber. There's no doubt in my mind about that. Right now is not the time for either of us."

"Why?" she asked.

Running his hands down her back, Elijah stared into her eyes. "We've not had the time most couples have. We've had seven years of avoiding everything but a relationship."

She chuckled. "I can't believe we've done so much with each other. We've done loads in the bedroom, and yet, we've skipped the whole dating thing."

"I hope to make up for my lack of attention and dating," he said.

"You're making dating plans?"

"You've got it. Prepared to be surprised and wooed all the time." He cupped her cheek in his palm.

"What do you want me to do about birth control?"

"I think it will be best if you see your doctor. If you're pregnant then we'll deal with it together. I wouldn't mind you being pregnant, but we need more time together before we're committed to a family."

She nodded in agreement. "We're not ready for a baby."

"I've got condoms in the drawer in the bathroom. I'll get them."

He waited for her to lift up off him before heading toward the bathroom. When he returned he found her laid against the pillows with her fingers between her thighs.

Her legs were wide open giving him a clear view of her pretty, wet pu**y.

"I couldn't wait any longer," she said.

She stopped, but he ordered her to continue. Her fingers glistened with their combined releases.

Gripping his c**k in his palm, he watched her finger her pu**y.

"Are you going to f**k me?" she asked.

"Very soon. You're going to come for me first."

He palmed his cock, feeling the stir in his groin at the sight she presented.

"Look at the creamy pu**y. You're so f**king wet."

"I want you, Elijah. I want you to f**k me."

"I will, baby. Come for me. Let me hear your screams."

Her fingers slid over her clit. The sound of her wet movements filled the room. Opening one of the condoms he slid the latex over his cock, preparing himself for her pu**y.

She cried out, her fingers sliding into her channel as she thumbed her clit. He had been the one to show her how to f**k her own pu**y and bring herself to orgasm.

Before she got over the first wave, he gripped her legs and spun her onto her knees. He pulled her ass up in the air. Elijah slapped the rounded curves of her ass enjoying her soft cries and the red handprint he left behind.

Gripping his flesh he sank inside her from behind, hitting the spot inside her. She writhed on his cock. Elijah gripped her h*ps and slammed in deep. Amber pushed back against him. Her pu**y tightened around his cock.

He f**ked her hard and slammed into her with three hard thrusts. Elijah held himself inside her not moving.

Staying still allowed him the chance to feel every ripple and pulse of her cunt. He reached around her front, coating his fingers in her dripping cream. Elijah pressed his lubricated fingers to her anus. He'd f**ked her ass many times over the years, but it had been some time since he'd been inside her anally.

"Go carefully," she said.

"I will, baby."

Pressing his fingers against her ass, Elijah felt her muscles tense and relax. He heard Amber take some deep breaths in order to relax around him.

"Come on, Amber, let me in."

His finger slid inside her ass, and he pressed for a second finger. While he worked her ass, he started to f**k her once again. He pushed deep inside her, waiting to hear her scream of release.

Her pu**y gripped him tightly. The latex obscured some of the sensation. He knew she was wet for him.

Elijah f**ked her ass and her pu**y with his c**k and fingers. She cried out underneath him, begging him for more. He gave her everything she wanted, and with his actions he showed her who was in control. Her pleasure was controlled by him. Elijah was the one who had her screaming out in pleasure and bringing her to cl**ax over and over again.

For the first time in all of their seven years together, Elijah felt complete. Amber was where she was supposed to be.

They came together, their screams echoing off the walls. When it was all over, Elijah held her close while she fell asleep. There was nowhere else he'd rather be.

Chapter Thirteen

Amber cried out as the cold water of the ocean surrounded her. Since they'd woken up, Elijah had cooked them both a breakfast, and then he'd taken her down to the beach. They were far enough away from the other visitors of the resort. It was like their own private island.

She stood up and gasped, wiping the water from her eyes.

"That wasn't funny." She'd been lying on a towel watching him walk along the sea front when he'd blocked the sun from her skin. Without saying a word, Elijah scooped her up in his arms and headed toward the water. She liked being in his arms. The fact he could lift her, amazed her more than anything else. The evil glint in his eye she hadn't liked. Before she could think of stopping him, he'd dropped her into the water.

Turning around she watched Elijah stepping back from her. "It was funny."

She treaded through water and headed toward him. He was laughing, and the shirt she wore clung to her body. She was wearing a one piece swimming suit but hadn't built up the courage to remove it.

"Take your shirt off, and I'll let you get close to me," he said.

Folding her arms, she stared at him waiting for him to give in.

"Not going to happen. You don't need to wear a shirt. It's hot, Amber. Remove your shirt."

"Why? What's in it for me?" she asked, seeing a chance to bargain with him.

He stared at her, stroking his lip. Her body heated under his scrutiny.

"Take your shirt off and swim with me for an hour, and I'll play with you in my playroom."

She stopped and thought about it. If she gave in too soon, Elijah would know he had her.

"Do you give me your word?" she asked.

"This is not the Middle Ages, Amber."

"Will you keep your word?"

"Of course, baby. You're not the only one who benefits from going to the playroom." His arms folded over his chest as he stared over at her.

There was nothing for her to lose. Tugging the shirt over her head, she threw it toward him. She saw the pleasure of his face and glanced over his shoulder. They were both alone, and there was no chance of them getting caught.

Stepping up the heat a notch, she pulled the straps down her body, exposing her br**sts. The smile on his face dropped. His gaze became heated once again, which made her pu**y melt.

She kicked the swimsuit at him and chuckled. "I'd love a swim, Master." Turning her back to him, she headed deeper into the water.

In no time at all Elijah was on her. His arms went around her waist, tugging her against him. They were headed for shore.

"I thought you wanted to swim for an hour."

"An hour cannot wait until your ass is red raw," he said. "I'm thinking an hour over the spanking bench is what you need. Actually, I'm thinking of trying my cross. I've never had you bound and vulnerable in front of me to do what I want."

Amber didn't fight him. With every step he took, her pu**y grew wetter. If she'd known goading him into the playroom would work, she'd have started that morning.

He carried her up to the cabin. Elijah didn't stop until they were outside the playroom door. He put her down and cupped her face. "Are you sure you want to go in there?" he asked.

"Yes."

"If you tell me no or to stop I'll stop, baby. There's no need for any other crap, okay."

"Yes."

The door opened, and Elijah took her inside the room. He flicked the light on, illuminating the whole room. Once he shut the door behind them, they were closed into their own little world together.

She stood na**d and dripping wet from the ocean. Elijah was wearing his swimming trunks.

"Present to me," he said.

Amber went to her knees before him. She thrust her chest out, bowed her head and waited. Elijah always liked to spread her legs so he could see her pu**y.

"You've not forgotten a single thing, have you?"

"No, Sir."

"I'm proud of you, baby."

She smiled. His praise was worth the past heartache.

He gripped under her chin and forced her to look at him. "I'm going to tie you to the cross and work your body over. You'll be facing the wall while I work."

Biting on her lip, Amber kept in her moan. He leaned down to flick her nipple. The small pain made her want so much more.

"You're desperate for it, and I'm going to give it to you."

Amber remained quiet. There was no need for her to speak.

"Stand up and go stand near the cross."

She did as he instructed and waited for him to come closer.

His hand gripped one of her wrists, and she watched silently as he locked her wrist in a cuff. Elijah moved to the next one, strapping her wrist in the other cuff.

"I'm not going to bind your legs. I want you open to play with," he said.

She moaned when his hand skimmed down her sides, wrapping around her stomach. Amber faced the wall and simply waited for him to finish playing with her.

"Your body is so f**king perfect for spanking and f**king. You get me hard every time I see you."

His hand roamed down to cup her ass. Elijah slapped her ass making her yelp.

"I've missed you and this. Have you, Amber?"

"Yes, Sir."

"Good girl. I love it when you use my title." He went between her thighs, his fingers teasing through her slit. "So wet. I'm going to make it so you're dripping with cum."

She couldn't wait for him to work her body over. Six months without a proper spanking or having her Master had taken its toll. She was drowning with the need to be taken properly.

"I'm going to work a plug into your ass. I want to f**k you so f**king hard this weekend that you don't know where I end and you begin."

He plundered her cunt with two fingers making her moan.

"Yes, Sir, please."

Amber would do anything to get him to continue working her body. She was desperate for his brand of loving.

****

Elijah left her side to grab a tube of lube and the butt plug that was still in its packet. He tore open the packet and smeared the plug with lube. Standing behind her, Elijah simply admired her. Amber was a full-figured woman. Her abundant curves were a blessing to him. He'd always been taken with her curves and large tits.

Running a hand down her back, he raised his palm and brought it down on her ass in three hard swipes. He alternated his spanks to both of her ass cheeks. Amber panted and cried out, but she never called out for him to stop.

Her ass was lovely and red. "Stick your ass out."

She did the best she could with her arms bound above her.

Slipping a finger into her cunt, he smeared the well lubed butt plug to her anus. She whimpered, and he felt her pu**y quiver around his finger. He pressed the plug and watched as her ass opened up to accept it.

He slapped her thigh, and Amber tensed seconds before relaxing.

"That's it, baby. Take this plug in your ass." He worked the plug until it was seated in her ass. "Hold it in there."

Elijah left her side to grab some tape. He was improvising, and he didn't want her in a harness. Tearing off some tape, he strapped the plug into her ass with the tape spread over her ass cheeks.

"Perfect."

Whack!

He landed another spank to her ass loving the way her skin bloomed. The color red looked so tantalizing on her skin.

"Let's see how turned on you are." He fingered her slit and found her more turned on with the plug in her ass. "Good girl."

Pressing the finger to her lips he ordered her to suck it. Amber sucked his finger and moaned as she did.

"So sexy and so mine."

He cupped her tits, thumbing the ni**les. Glancing behind him, he spotted the crocodile nipple clamps.

Leaving her again, he grabbed the nipple clamps. Fingering her ni**les, he warmed them up ready to receive the clips.

She cried out as he put both on her ni**les at the same time.

"You're so f**king perfect. I'm stiff for you, baby, but before I f**k you, you need your ass spanked. Your behavior outside was naughty." He slapped her thigh and left her once again.

He saw the camera he'd purchased on a shelf on the far side of the wall. Turning back to face her, Elijah admired her sweet body. He'd love the chance to take some pictures but decided against it. There would be a time for pictures and more kinky play.

Grabbing a wooden paddle off the wall he went back to her side.

"Who is your Master, Amber?"

"You are."

"And who am I?"

"Elijah Booth."

"Why are you being punished?"

"For teasing you outside."

He clucked his tongue. "I don't mind being teased, baby. What I don't like is you being na**d for other people to see. You're mine. This body is mine, and no one is going to get the pleasure of looking at it but me."

Running the paddle down her back, he saw her panting. "And that's why you're being punished."

"I understand, Master." She sounded breathless. He also detected the anticipation in her voice. Amber wanted him to do this as much as he wanted to do it.

"You're going to count after each one. You're getting five to start off with."

"Yes, Master."

Resting his palm on her stomach, he raised the paddle and brought it down on her ass. The sound of the wood on her ass turned him on. He was so hard he thought he was going to explode inside his swimming trunks.

"One, Master."

"Very good."

He raised the paddle four more times, and Amber counted after each one. Dropping his hand down between her thighs, he tested her arousal. She was soaking wet, and her cream coated the whole of his palm.

"Fuck, baby, you're dripping wet."

Looking over at his spanking tools he saw the whip.

"I think it's time to take another five from the whip." He placed the paddle near the cleaning area and grabbed the whip.

Elijah repeated the process with the whip, landing the hard leather to the ass. The red cheeks now had darker red stripes over it.

"Please, Master," she said.

It had been months since they'd played, and he was pushing her to edge.

"I know, Amber." He was going to f**k her, but he wasn't going to f**k her cunt. He wanted inside her ass.

Grabbing a dildo and the lube from the shelves he pushed his trunks down his thighs. He covered his c**k with a condom and smeared lube all over the shaft. "I'm not f**king your pu**y today, baby. I need to claim your sweet, tight ass."

Tearing the tape off her ass, he tugged the plug from her anus, leaving it on the floor. Dropping the dildo to her pu**y, he pushed the fake c**k deep into her body. "Hold that there. Tighten your legs together to keep it inside."

He gripped her hips, tilted them to the right angle so he could see her lush ass. Aligning his c**k to her anus, he saw the tip press to her muscles. "Push out, Amber. There's no fighting this. I'm taking your ass."

"I want you to take my ass, Master."

She pushed out, and the tip lodged into her ass. He watched her ass open up around him, and Elijah fed his c**k into her ass. They both moaned as he seated himself deep inside her. Her ass was incredibly tight and held him like a fist.

"That's it, baby. I'm proud of you." He stroked her back, encouraging her. "I can feel that fake c**k inside your pu**y. You better get used to that. It's the only extra c**k you're ever going to get." He was never sharing her. Some Doms liked to share their women with other men or Doms. He was never sharing his woman with anyone.

"I don't want to be shared, Master. I love being yours, and I love you."

"Good answer, baby." He pulled out of her tight, hot ass then pressed back inside.

She whimpered, and her ass tightened around him.

He reached between her thighs and fingered her clit. "Come for me, baby."

"I love you, Master."

"I love you, too, Amber. Now come for me."

She screamed, and her ass squeezed him.

He slowed down his thrusts and pushed deep inside her tight hole.

Biting onto his neck, he sucked in her flesh, relishing her cries. She was so perfect in every way, and she was all his.

Elijah kept his thrusts slow, letting her grow accustomed to his loving of her ass. He drew everything out until he could stand it no longer. Speeding up his thrusts he slammed into her ass.

Amber's moans echoed off the walls.

"I'm going to come." He tightened his grip on her h*ps and thrust inside her. On the final thrust he tensed and filled the condom with cum.

They were both panting loudly, and they were the only ones to hear the sounds.

"Elijah?" she said. Her voice was so quiet.

"Yes, baby."

"Will you loosen the cuffs so I can hug you?" she asked.

Reaching up, he released her hands and withdrew from her ass. She spun around and held him close. "I love you so much."

He loved her with his whole heart, and he couldn't believe he'd waited so long to tell her how he felt. Elijah knew he'd never make that mistake again.

Chapter Fourteen

Amber hummed as she put the kettle up for the morning coffee. She'd been watching Elijah sleep for the last half an hour. It was the first time she'd been able to linger on her morning. She'd never felt so relaxed in all of her life. Her love for Elijah was growing by the day. From the very first crush she had on Elijah, she'd fallen madly for him.

Pausing, Amber pressed a palm to her neck where his love mark rested on her skin. In all the years they'd been playing he'd never left anything as significant as a love mark. She wanted to wear it like a badge of honor.

She went back to her humming and poured coffee into two cups before heading back to the bedroom to where Elijah lay sleeping. Opening the door, she saw her man slowly waking up. He looked toward her and smiled.

"Hey, baby. Is that coffee for me?" he asked.

Nodding, she walked around to his side of the bed and took a seat. Amber wore one of his shirts to cover her nakedness. It was Sunday, and they were due to travel back home soon enough.

He took a sip and moaned. "Perfect."

Smiling, Amber watched him as she took a sip of her own coffee.

Elijah leaned forward pushing a lock of hair off her face.

The silence was deafening. "Okay, I really need to ask you something," Amber said.

"Go ahead." He stayed forward, looking at her as she stared back at him.

"I need to know if this is how we're going to stay? I know you love me, but I keep expecting you to freak out and burst this little bubble I've got going on, and, Elijah, I don't want my bubble to burst."

He silenced her with a kiss. "Baby, our bubble is not going to burst. You better get used to me being around because I love this bubble just as much as you."

Elijah cupped her cheek, stroking her with his thumb.

She let out a sigh. "Okay, I just needed to know. I'm really happy being here and with us." Tears gathered in her eyes, threatening to spill over.

"Besides, Heather, Ashley, Connie, and Julian will all come and kick my ass. I've been thoroughly warned by all of them. Your happiness is guaranteed, and so is mine." He claimed her lips once again.

When he released her, Amber moaned, wanting more. "I never want you to stop doing that."

"Don't worry, I won't." He held one of her hands as they sat drinking coffee.

"You know, I can't believe Heather was so happy about us being together," she said, thinking about her friend.

"Heather's a great person inside and out. She just needs to hear stuff from the right person, and she's fine."

Amber stared at him, realizing that he always had Heather's back. Not once in all the time she knew him did he make fun or be horrid toward his sister. She recalled all the times Heather had complained about him.

"You've been really good to Heather, you know?"

He looked up. "She's my sister."

"Still, she doesn't make it easy for you. I think it's great how you support her. You're amazing, Elijah, and I'm so happy to be part of your life," she said.

He smiled. "Enough with all the heavy talk. Heather's my sister, and I love her. She makes mistakes like we always do. Let's get back to us." He gave her a pointed look. "How do you want to spend your last day? We don't have to leave until four."

"I want to spend it with you," she said.

"You know exactly what to say to make a guy feel wanted." He took the cup from her nervous fingers and pulled her in tight against his body. "God, I love you." His hands sank into her hair, and he held her close as he ravished her lips.

His tongue plundered inside her mouth, and she whimpered. Her ni**les went hard, and her pu**y was dripping wet.

"I want to f**k you over and over again. Then I want to spank your glorious ass and mark every part of you as mine."

"You've already marked me." She moved her hair out of the way for him to see his handiwork.

"It's not nearly enough. All the men need to know who you belong to." He tore the shirt she wore open.

"That was your shirt."

"I hated it, and it was in my way. I don't want anything to get in my way of your body, Amber." He palmed one of her br**sts and presented it to his lips. "Love your tits. I could suck them all day."

Amber held onto his thick arms as he began to lick, suck, and bite down on her nipple. The sensation went straight to her cl*t making her pulse with arousal. He moved her so she was straddling his hard body.

"I need to be inside you," he said. He held his c**k as she slowly sank down onto his hard cock. "Wrap your legs around me."

She did what he instructed. Elijah didn't move. His attention went back to her br**sts. There was no getting him to budge. She tugged on his ponytail, trying to gain his attention. Tightening her pu**y around his thick shaft didn't help either. Nothing got his attention. He would only f**k her when he was ready, and the attention he was giving to her br**sts was driving her insane.

"Please, Elijah, I need you," she said, whimpering.

"Not yet."

He cupped her ass, and his grip was almost bruising. She loved the slight edge of pain, especially when he bit down onto her breast. The pain went straight to her pu**y.

Amber couldn't move. Elijah was the one in control, and he wasn't giving her the chance to forget it either.

"I can't think."

"I don't want you to think, baby. I want you to feel."

He slapped her ass, pulling her focus away from her need. His c**k was hard and pulsed between her thighs.

She cried out, whimpering.

"Does my little sub need to come?" he asked, pulling away from her br**sts. She couldn't believe she was jealous of a body part.

"Yes, please, Master, I'm begging you," she said.

"And your begging is so sweet."

He leaned back on the pillow looking up at her. His hand dove between her legs, and she felt his fingers on her clit. "Who owns this clit?" he asked.

"You do."

"And who owns your tits?"

"You do."

"Who owns you?" he asked.

"You do."

"Good, now come for me."

He stroked her clit, and she closed her eyes, giving herself over to the pleasure.

"No closing your eyes. You're to look at me when you come."

She opened her eyes and stared at him.

"I'm the one in control of you, baby. Look at me. I want those pretty eyes on me at all times."

"Yes, Sir."

"Now, come for me. Give me all your cream. I'll f**k you when you're dripping wet with it, and then I'll know you want what I can give you."

"Yes, Sir." Two fingers stroked her clit. She was so wet that her own juice lubricated his fingers. Staring into his dark brown gaze, Amber felt truly owned and dominated by him. Elijah was the only man she wanted in her life. There was no one else.

With her gaze on him and his c**k inside her pu**y and his fingers caressing her clit, Amber exploded into orgasm. It was the most intense yet sweet release she'd ever experienced.

****

Elijah gritted his teeth fighting with his control. Her tight cunt was gripping him like a vise, and he struggled to gain control. He was the one in charge, but Amber's sweet responses were threatening to tear him apart.

There was no chance in hell that he was letting her go. Amber was his woman, and he intended to do the right thing by her. He was going to claim her and own her the way a man should own his woman ... with a ring on her finger.

Staring into her eyes, he saw the love, the wonder, and the need flit across her face. His woman was an open book to him. Her cream surrounded his aching cock, and her gaze never once left his.

Only when her orgasm was lessening did he tip her back onto the bed, hovering over her.

"Now, I'll f**k you."

Pulling out of her tight heat, he gazed down at his slick prick and plundered back inside her.

She screamed, and he felt himself hit her cervix. He was so deep inside her.

"That's it, baby. Feel who owns every part of you."

"You do, Master."

He wasn't finished claiming her.

Elijah spun her until she was on her knees before him, her ass open and inviting. He'd claimed her ass the previous night. Now, he wanted to claim her cunt again.

Slamming inside her pu**y, Elijah kept up the hard thrusts, wanting her to feel every inch of him inside her.

"Fuck me," she said.

He slapped her ass at her orders. Amber yelped and then moaned.

"I'll punish you after for ordering me around." There was something he wanted to do in the playroom before they headed home. It was his own little fantasy that he intended to work out.

Elijah f**ked her hard, taking her pu**y hard. He slapped her ass in between thrusts, relishing her cries of submission.

Amber was all his, and he wasn't letting her go. This was them for life. They were staying together forever. They'd wasted so much time before, and he wasn't going to allow that to happen again.

He'd be the Master, and she'd be his sub. Together they could make a future for them work.

He slammed inside her one final time and cried out as his release spilled into her waiting body. Elijah cursed silently inside his head. He'd forgotten the condom again.

His head pounded as his orgasm crashed through his body. It was the most intense orgasm he'd ever experienced before, and he knew it was down to his acceptance and love of Amber.

They collapsed together on the bed.

"I love you," she said.

He would never get tired of hearing that.

"I love you, too, baby."

Elijah pulled her in tight against his body. He wanted to do right by her.

"You forgot a condom again," she said, chuckling. "I think you're asking for trouble and do want to get me pregnant."

"Busted." He kissed her head and held her.

Amber was the first to pull away. "We need to finish packing."

"I don't want to pack or go back to the city."

She slapped his ass with a pillow, giggling. "The sooner we get it done, the sooner we can play. I've got work tomorrow, and I won't be much good because I'll be thinking about you and this wonderful trip. Also, you've got your sister to think about as well. She'll miss you," Amber said.

"Heather puts up with me. She won't miss me."

She slapped him again with a pillow. "Come on. I don't want to spend our last few hours panicking about packing. Get your lazy ass out of bed."

The pillow connected with his head this time. "I'm so going to give you a spanking," he said.

"Not if you're in bed."

She left him alone and started packing. Elijah climbed out of bed and finished packing along with her. They ate a light breakfast together of fruit and some more coffee.

He took her down to the ocean one final time.

"Are we going to come back here again?" she asked.

"I own the cabin. We'll be back before you know it."

She settled against him as they both watched the placid ocean. With only two hours remaining of their time at the resort, Elijah led the way to his playroom.

"I've had this fantasy a few times and we've never played it out, so I'm going to play it out now," he said.

"Do I get to know about the fantasy?" she asked.

"No, I promise I won't hurt you. Will you trust me?"

Amber stared into his eyes for what felt like a lifetime, but in reality it was only a couple of minutes.

"Yes." That one word felt wonderful to hear.

He opened the door, turned on the light and closed the door behind Amber. She stayed sat down as he pulled a chair into the center of the room. "Present to me."

She dropped to her knees. Amber wore a skirt and blouse, which fitted in with his fantasy of her. He took a seat and stared at her. She looked so perfect on her knees before him. The skirt rode up her thighs, making it impossible for her to spread her legs.

"Come here," he said.

When she stood in front of him, he skimmed his fingers up her thigh.

"You're going over my knee and getting twenty with my palm, Amber. You've been an insolent sub. You tried to dominate me from the bottom. I'm in charge. I'm the Dom, and you'll learn your place." He made sure to sound stern.

"Yes, Sir."

"Get over my knee."

He supported her stomach and helped her get over his knee.

Elijah made sure she was comfortable and supported her over his knee with an arm wrapped around her, locking her in place.

With his free hand, he caressed her thighs and her ass. The rounded curves showed the outline of her panties.

Pushing the skirt up over her ass, he tugged at the fabric until it tore and fell on the floor. "I don't want you wearing panties again unless I say so."

"Yes, Sir."

He caressed over the curves of her ass. Her body was shaking with anticipation. The scent of her pu**y permeated the air confirming his thoughts. Amber was turned on by what he was doing.

"I want you to count like you always do."

Lifting his palm in the air, he brought it down over her naked, rounded flesh. Amber let out a yelp, and she began to count.

He rained down blows in a set of five. After each five, he caressed over her ass.

On the last spank, Elijah leaned down and kissed her red ass cheeks. His palm was imprinted on her ass.

"So f**king perfect. Your ass is going to be red raw with me by your side, baby." His fantasy was not yet complete. "I'm going to push you to the floor, and you're going to undo my pants, take out my cock, and suck it."

Amber climbed off his lap. He'd never push her to the floor. Hurting his woman was not in his agenda. Her hands shook as she fumbled with his zipper.

He waited, patiently, for her to open his trousers. She eased his c**k out from the zipper. He was ready for her, the tip glistening with his pr**cum. Being around Amber meant he was in a constant state of arousal.

"Suck it for me, baby."

Elijah watched her open her sweet lips and take him into her mouth. Her mouth was warm. She sucked him inside her mouth, her lips covering her teeth so she wouldn't bite down on his shaft.

"Fuck, that feels amazing," he said.

This was his fantasy come true, and the reality was so much better than his imagination. She worked his shaft, licking down the vein at the side and sucking the tip in deep.

Elijah stroked her hair, feeling the first stirrings of his release start. "I'm going to come," he said, warning her.

She worked his shaft, and Elijah saw stars as the first wave of his release coated the back of her throat. Amber swallowed his cum and moaned.

It was the best damn fantasy he'd ever lived in his life.

Chapter Fifteen

Amber wrapped a fashionable scarf around her neck for work the following week. Elijah had moved into her apartment on Monday, and it was now Wednesday. They were actually living like a couple. Heather was shocked, but now her friend needed to do something about her house. Elijah wasn't going anywhere, which is what he'd told her.

She couldn't complain. His personal belongings looked good next to hers inside the small place. She loved her apartment, and it seemed Elijah loved it, too. When she'd woken up that morning, she'd stared at both of their toothbrushes, together, side by side, in the holder. They were sharing holders, and when she'd gone to her wardrobe she'd paused to admire his clothes as well, next to hers.

Touching the scarf, she smiled recalling their weekend together. On Monday night she'd been at Wade's telling them all about it, apart from the more sexual details. Heather looked ready to puke, and she needed to remember Elijah was her best friend's brother.

Her friends were organizing a get-together on Friday at Wade's. She knew Dale was going to be there. During her weekend her friend and Dale had gotten close. She didn't know how she felt about that. Wade would be heartbroken, but what about Connie?

Dale never treated her differently when she saw him in the office or took him a file. There was nothing wrong between them, but Amber had been rooting for Wade to get his act together.

For the rest of the week she basked in being a couple with Elijah. He didn't have any bad habits, and he put the toilet seat down after he used it. There was no mess. If anything, it was the horror collection in DVDs she would change. The guy really had something with horror movies.

When he was watching a horror, she'd taken to strolling na**d around their apartment. Every time, without fail, he'd get distracted and the movie would be turned off while he f**ked her.

It had become a little game for her. She wondered if she should start dressing up in some saucy clothing. Elijah never complained about her being who she was.

By the time Friday came around she was nervous and a little apprehensive. The door to Dale's office had been open that day, and she'd spotted Connie straddling his lap, kissing him. She'd never seen her friend so openly sexual.

Wade may not even be in with a chance to win back her affection.

She told Elijah about it when he picked her up. They were going straight to Wade's place, but she'd declined a lift from Dale. After what she witnessed with her friend she didn't want to be sitting close to him.

"Connie was dry humping your boss?" Elijah asked.

"Pretty much. Nothing else was happening. What can we do?"

"There's nothing we can do," he said. His arm went around her waist as they began walking. She loved snuggling against him, and the cold months were starting to press on them.

"But Wade has been in love with her for a lifetime."

"He's missed his shot," he said.

She pouted, hating the cold words.

"You're tense, baby. There's nothing we can do. When you went on that date with Dale, I saw you slipping through my fingers. That was my shot, my moment to either let you go or claim you. I took my shot. Wade's had his shot and let it pass him by."

"I don't like it. He was always supposed to be with Connie. They've got the chemistry."

He let out a sigh. "Do you want me to talk to him?" he asked.

"Yes, I want you to talk to him and make him see sense. Please, Elijah. This will break his heart."

"Should I be worried about your concern?" he asked.

She hit his stomach. "No. I know who I belong to and who owns me. I'm your woman, Elijah."

"Good."

They walked in silence until he asked her about her day. She gave him an update, and by the time she was finished they were outside Wade's. The guard on the door let them inside, and Amber spotted Wade behind the bar. He was glaring at the table where they sat. Dale and Connie were already there with the others. Heather was with Julian while Ashley was alone.

Seating herself at the table she smiled at Dale. There was a tension among all the friends.

"Elijah, how are you doing?" Heather asked, trying to break through.

"Living with the woman I love. I'm going to order me a drink. Does anyone want one?" he asked.

Several orders were put toward him. Amber pulled him down and kissed his lips. She gave him a look to let him know he was to talk to Wade.

"I didn't see you today," Connie said, smiling at her and bringing her attention back to her boss and her friend.

If Wade hadn't shown much of an interest in Connie, Amber wouldn't be feeling like she was betraying him.

"I was busy. It was a hectic day."

She gazed down at her hands and looked behind her to where Elijah was talking with Wade.

"So, are you two exclusive and f**king?" Ashley asked.

Amber glanced up at her blunt friend. Ashley rested her head on her hand, looking at the couple.

She glanced at Connie to see her face was red.

"Ashley, don't. You know I'm not like that," Connie said.

Dale looked angry.

"Look, you're both here on a date, and you've already cancelled next week because you're both going away together. I'm looking out for you, Connie. If you and Dale are taking it to the next level then he needs the girlfriend treatment," Ashley said. "No one gets near our friend without getting through us."

All three of them had done the same to Wade.

Glancing behind her, Amber saw Wade shaking his head.

"It's not necessary to be overprotective. I can look after myself," Connie said.

Ashley rolled her eyes and turned on Dale. "You hurt her in any way, and I'll cut your balls off. Deal with it. I'm one of her best friends, and this is who I am."

Heather agreed, and Amber added in her thoughts as well. She hoped this night out got better.

****

Elijah waited for Wade to serve him. The other man was glaring at the table. His emotions were clear to see, and Elijah saw what Amber saw. Wade was totally in love with Connie.

"If you don't act soon you're going to lose her completely," he said, gaining the other man's attention.

"What?" Wade walked over to him.

He ordered the drinks and waited for him to finish before talking with him.

"You're in love with Connie."

"She's taken up with the suit. I f**king hated him on sight with Amber, but now I'm tempted to ban the ass**le from my club."

"Ban Dale and you'll ban Connie."

"She'll come in with her friends."

Elijah shrugged. "Maybe? Or maybe not. There's only so much a friendship can take. You've got to act fast to win her back."

He glanced behind him to see his woman tense. This was not the atmosphere he wanted for tonight. He'd asked Heather to organize everything for him.

"I can't do this. She was always supposed to be mine. There was a moment some months ago. The bar was closed, and it was only the two of us. She was singing up on that stage. Her voice is amazing. When she was finished she didn't look happy. We were talking, and I reached out to put up some of her hair and then she was staring into my eyes and I was doing the same to her. In the next moment it was gone. I should have kissed her or done something. I bailed, and ever since then she finds a reason not to come to me," Wade said, opening up.

"There's still a chance."

"How the hell would you know?"

"I've been f**king around with Amber for the last seven years. She's now my woman, and I'm going to get up on that stage and show her. If Amber can forgive me and be with me, then Connie can do the same with you." Elijah slapped his hand on the counter. "Is everything set up for me?"

"Yes, Heather was very specific. I cancelled a band for tonight. You owe me."

Elijah nodded and headed up onto the stage. This had to be the craziest thing he'd ever done, but for Amber he'd do it right.

Grabbing the microphone from the floor he stood into the center. He tapped the microphone to gain their attention. Wade was in control of the lights, so the room went dark with only one light on him. This was supposed to be his big romantic gesture, and he hoped to God it worked.

"Hello, everyone. I'm sorry to interrupt your evening, but this is really important." He'd not practiced any speech or anything. "If any of you are offended, the next round of drinks is on me." There were a few cheers.

"I'm stood here tonight because there is a wonderful woman in the audience, and I really wanted to prove to her that she means the world to me." Wade activated the light bringing Amber into focus.

Elijah looked at her across the dance floor. "Hello, baby."

She stood up, frowning.

"Seven years ago I fell in love with this woman. Her name is Amber Phelps, and for seven years I've been breaking her heart because I'm a dick." A few chuckles filled the air. "Anyway, I almost lost this amazing woman when I didn't speak up. Seeing her in the arms of another man was a real eye-opener for me." He hoped Wade got the message loud and clear. "In life we have only moments with people where the connection is so fleeting yet feels so right. That moment is still there every time I look at you, baby. I'm completely in love with you and have been all this time."

Tears were glistening in her eyes.

"There are no words that can make up for the time lost. So I'm going to give you forever with me. I'm asking you, no, I'm begging you." He dropped to his knees on the stage for her to see. "Will you do me the honor of becoming my wife?" he asked.

His focus was on her. Amber stared at him, smiling. "Yes."

He climbed down off the stage and ran to her. The crowd moved out of the way as he tugged her into his arms and kissed her.

Cheers, catcalls, and applause met them.

"I love you so much," he said.

"Did you plan this?"

"Yes. I wanted you to remember this moment for the rest of your life. I'm not going to f**k up again. I promise, baby. You and me, for the rest of our lives."

"Shut up and kiss me again." He slammed his lips down on hers, loving her with everything that he had.

Words or gestures would never be enough to make up for their seven long years. He hoped this moment could change all that.

Her friends and Wade offered them congratulations before he took her onto the dance floor.

"I can't believe you planned all that," she said, amazed.

"Oh, crap." He let go of her long enough to take the ring he'd bought for her out of his pocket. "I should have put this on you first."

"I don't care. I can't believe you got up on stage to propose."

"What about the begging?" He wrapped his arms around her, pulling her close.

"You begged me. Admittedly, it wasn't a lot of begging, but I thought you looked hot on your knees. Maybe we're in for a little role reversal at some point," she said, waggling her eyebrows.

"Not on your life, baby." He grabbed her butt tight. "I'm the one in charge, and you'll be the one on your knees before me."

She laughed. "Have you got any more fantasies for me to play out?" she asked.

"Amber, I've got lots for us to try out." He leaned down taking her lips under his once again. This was the start of their future, and he was going to cherish every single second of it.

Epilogue

Two months later

"I hate you," Amber said, grumbling into the toilet. Elijah held her hair back as she puked up all of her breakfast. She'd already been sick once, and this was her second time this morning.

"You don't hate me. Elijah junior is making himself known."

She groaned once again as another wave of sickness took over. Being two months pregnant meant she was now sensitive to food and drinks she loved. They'd not even bothered with any contraception. She'd been pregnant before they could sort anything out.

"I hate you." Amber didn't mean any of the words, but she always spoke them to him when the morning sickness got too bad.

Slowly, her stomach began to settle, and she collapsed away from the toilet in Elijah's waiting arms. He was the most patient man in her world. His soothing strokes helped to calm her.

"You must hate me," she said. Now that she'd finished throwing up she felt bad for being mean to him.

"I could never hate you, baby. I love you too damn much to hate you." He lifted her finger where her engagement and wedding ring fell. After they found out she was pregnant, Elijah had driven them to Vegas for a quick wedding. Julian made sure the rest of her friends were there, and when they got back home, they told their families.

She stared at her ring and then at the one resting on his finger. "We're together."

He kissed her head as she started to regain some control over her emotions. The words she'd spoken to him replayed in her mind, and Amber couldn't stop the tears from falling. She'd been a horrible bitch.

Amber started to sob and cry, talking nonsense.

All throughout her moment he held her without saying a word. Heather hadn't gone through this, and if she had, she'd not said anything to her.

When it was all over her helped clean her teeth before helping her into bed.

"I've got to go to work," she said.

"No, I've called Dale, and he's giving you the day off, paid."

She thought about Connie and wondered what her friend was going to do with the two love interests in her life.

Amber fingered the loose collar around her neck. When they were inside her apartment she loved wearing his mark. The collar was a lovely pink with a locket in the centre. It symbolized their connection to each other.

He kissed her hand, stopping her from playing with it.

"I don't think I can do this," she said, touching her stomach. "Bringing a baby into the world is hard work."

"You'll do it, Amber. You've got me by your side. I'm never leaving you. We've got this. You, me, and the baby." He kissed her head. "If you argue I'll get your friends on your case. None of them will allow you to fail. Our little guy is going to have three amazing Aunties and an amazing Uncle."

Elijah refused to give Wade or Dale the credit of an Uncle. The two men were fighting over Connie, and it was starting to get ugly. The last time she saw both men was over a week ago when they were both sporting black eyes and bruised lips. Connie looked heartbroken.

What concerned Amber more was Ashley. Their friend had become withdrawn from them as a group. She knew it had something to do with Jonathan, but she never wanted to pry.

She took hold of his hand and rested his palm on her stomach. They could do this together. They'd fought each other for a long time, but now, nothing was standing in their way.

There was still something she needed to tell Elijah.

The sound of her apartment door opening cut through their moment.

"I f**king hate that bastard. I swear, Amber, I'm going to cut his c**k off and feed it to him," Ashley said. Her voice was loud as it travelled through to the bedroom.

Elijah helped her out of the bed, and together they made their way toward the kitchen. "I thought you locked the door after getting the mail," Amber said.

"I f**king forgot. I think we should be f**king in the living room, and it might stop her coming in," he said.

"I doubt it. She'd wait until we finished."

They found Ashley pounding at their chicken fillets that Elijah had bought for dinner. The meat was covered in cling film, and Ashley was holding a rolling pin.

"She looks ready to kill."

"Keep your dick away from her," Amber said, laughing. "What's the matter, honey?"

Ashley looked between them. "Have you told him the truth? He looks a little pale."

Amber looked up at Elijah.

"Why is this about me?" he asked.

Shaking her head, Amber tried to get her friend's attention. She was hoping to break the news to him when they were alone together.

"Tell him, Amber. He needs to know." Ashley had been the one to go to her first appointment. Elijah'd had a prior appointment that he couldn't cancel.

Glaring at her friend, she grabbed Elijah's hand. "Baby, I love you, but we're having twins."

When Elijah came to, he pulled Amber into a tight embrace. Their twins would come into the world with two loving parents. After all, Elijah owned Amber's heart, body, and soul.

The End

